Work Text:
Barton – Clint – has been in medical for barely two weeks, and he's apparently spending his waking hours formulating and attempting breaks for freedom.“He can't go home unsupervised, and the barracks on-base just isn't an adequately supervised environment. He needs assistance with mobility, medication and day-to-day tasks,” explains Doctor Patil. She looks distinctly frazzled. “We've tried to explain this to him,” she adds, almost plaintively.“He can come home with me,” Phil says, because his mouth is apparently running on autopilot today.“Seriously?” Fury asks, when Phil gets called onto the carpet to explain his request for leave, or, if possible, permission to work from home.“He needs the help,” Phil says weakly.“If you plan on babysitting every time Barton gets injured, you might as well install a home office right now and be done with it,” Fury says, but he signs the forms anyway.So.He packs what he needs from his desk with care, ensuring he's got his laptop, his tablet, his phone, all of their cables, his portable drive, and his code chip to log on to SHIELD's databases remotely. Then he swings past Barton's tiny single at the barracks and stuffs the gymbag he finds deflated in the closet with a variety of clothing, toiletries and shoes. A rummage through the bedside cabinet produces a case with a couple of sets of hearing aids and spare batteries, which he tucks into a pocket on the side. A book with a plethora of dog-eared pages goes on top, and the lot gets lumped down to Phil's car and stuffed into the trunk.When he turns up on the ward, Clint is sleeping the sleep of the medicated. The head nurse looks mildly guilty but also mutinous, so Phil just bites his lip to keep in any hard words about them drugging Clint into passivity, and signs Clint out. After all, this little experiment might go horribly wrong, and he might find himself dosing Clint's chocolate milk just to get some peace.The hearing aids are still on the cabinet, so Phil wakes Clint with a gentle squeeze-and-shake to an area of his shoulder he knows isn't broken or bruised.“Hey,” he says, when Clint's eyes flicker open and land on him.“Hey,” Clint replies, foggy and too-loud. “I think they roofied me. Applesauce.”Phil manages not to laugh, but can't keep back a smile. He bunches his fingers and thumb together, touches his cheek, moves his hand towards his ear and touches his cheek again. “Home?” he says aloud.Clint's brow furrows, and he mimics the sign Phil makes, only his hand is different, more like the letter 'D' in the alphabet, his index finger extended and his middle finger and thumb touching.Phil frowns, too. “Wrong?” he asks, holding his hand with thumb and pinkie extended, rolling his knuckles across his chin. He drops his closed fist to his sternum and rubs his chest. Sorry.Clint shakes his head, a short, abrupt movement. Sign D-O-R-M, he signs, then repeats the sign he'd made. Not sign H-O-M-E, he signs, and replicates Phil's sign exactly.It's Phil's turn to shake his head. Home YES, he signs emphatically, knowing he's probably murdering his word order. Mine, you-and-me.Clint's confusion is evident when he touches his forehead with his fingertips and sticks out his pinky and thumb as he moves it away. Why?Phil shrugs. He's been asking himself that, if he's honest. Instead, he points his forked index and middle fingers at Clint in the strictly-ASL but fairly-universal sign implying he needs to keep an eye on him.Clint huffs and rolls his eyes, reaching a clumsy hand out to slap around and recover his hearing aids. “Admit it, you just want me around because I'm pretty,” he says aloud, letting his free hand circle over his face to emphasise his point in both languages. “And because you heard on the SHIELD gossip tree that I'm great in the sack.”Clint has at least a dozen stitches, a splint on one leg and the bruises on his exposed skin are in that unpleasant yellowy-brown stage of healing. He's still too pale, and he's visibly lost muscle tone in the two weeks since Phil met him.He's also undeniably beautiful, and he's Phil's soulmate. Phil's idle fantasies about meeting his soulmate had always vacillated between 'slow, dewy-eyed, sweet courtship' and 'desperate, raw, take-me-now passion'. (Heavily weighted to the latter, if he's honest.)His soulmate being held together with tape and twine was never part of the picture.“Maybe sweet-talk me when you can make good on your promises,” Phil says with a warm, crooked smile as he loads Clint into a wheelchair.He thinks that it's possible Clint's hand ends up on his ass for balance purposes, but he doubts it.*It's easier to communicate than it was those first few days, since Clint's hearing has come back a little and the doctors okayed him to start using his hearing aids again. He's been sticking with the over-ear ones, because it meant he didn't have to have a dehumidifier at his bedside. Phil had done a run down to supplies for batteries, and the tiny television had had 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soul Bond
Soulmates
Pre-Series
Deaf
Deaf Character
Deaf Clint Barton
Deaf Clint
American Sign Language
Sign Language
Pre-Canon
Developing Relationship
Living Together
Recovery
Injury Recovery
Attraction
Cuddling & Snuggling
Couch Cuddles
Morning Kisses
Morning Cuddles
Morning Sex
Inspired by Art
Inspired by Tumblr
I Blame Tumblr
Sequel
Languages
Hearing aids
Relationship Negotiation
Intimacy
Hurt Clint Barton
Hurt Clint

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

