Chapter 1: Steve
    




Chapter Text
It wasn't like Tony was watching Steve on purpose or anything. It was more that his eyes kept returning to the man through no fault of his own, often at the worst possible moments,  such as over the table when they ate with the other Avengers when they were alone together in Tony's workshop, or during battles when Tony should definitely have been focusing on other things, things that were not Captain America's jawline. Honestly, the only bright side to the whole situation was that Steve had yet to notice. 
Or at least he hadn't noticed until today when they were back in Tony's workshop. Tony had been working on adding a few new upgrades to his suit after a few less than stellar fights with an alien warlord, the last of which had gone so badly that he'd needed to call Thor in to help him.  
Steve had shown up a few hours after he started working, ostensibly to try and send Tony to get some rest, but he refused to leave when that turned out to be impossible and had sat down across the table from the engineer. 
Steve hadn't really spoken in all that time, he'd just... sat there, keeping Tony company, and try as he might to keep his eyes from flicking up towards the other man, it kept happening. Unfortunately, the third or fourth time Tony looked up, he found blue eyes staring directly back into his own. 
"Do I have something on my face?" Steve asked, wiping at his chin with the back of his hand. 
God, he was so oblivious. Tony half wanted to lie and pretend that there had been something there, but he had a problem here, and he wanted to solve it, and as far as he could see, there was only one method available here for him to solve the problem. He had an itch, and he needed to scratch it. "I was just wondering what your rank in the military was, Cap, because you definitely make my privates stand at attention." 
Oh, God. That was awful. Why couldn't Tony think before he spoke? He wouldn't be surprised if Cap got up and left the room.
Somehow, Steve had decided that line warranted giving Tony everything he'd dreamed about for the last five years, sure he'd absolutely roasted Tony about how terrible that line had been, but in the end, he'd pushed Tony up against the table, brushing pieces of armor to the side, and had pressed his tongue into the engineer's mouth. 
Tony groaned as fingers pushed up his shirt, brushing against his stomach teasingly, and the blond pulled away with a grin stretching across his face. "You have to say please if you want me to move faster, Tony." 
Tony shook his head in response. He wanted to be fucked, but he didn't want to have to beg for it. Stark Men didn't beg. 
But then those hands disappeared. Steve was stepping away from him, looking more disappointed than anything else. That wasn't fair, Steve knew his weaknesses too well. Tony's voice caught in his throat, but eventually, he managed a cracked: "Please." 
"Good Boy," Steve said, running one hand through Tony's hair fondly, "now I want you to lie face down on the desk." 
It only took Tony a few moments to tear off all of his clothes, and as he leaned over the desk, his legs spread provocatively, Steve let out a low growl. 
"Can you imagine?" He asked, trailing his hand down Tony's back. "Can you imagine how often I've wanted to do this since we've met? How many nights I've lain in bed, thinking of having you bent over your desk?" 
"Hopefully, most nights?" 
"Most nights," Steve agreed, his fingers brushing up against Tony's hole. The engineer gave a whine of need. 
Captain America slipped one finger inside him, causing Tony to whimper slightly, it was much colder than he had expected and slicked up with something. Whether or not it was slicked up with something that was supposed to go in his ass, Tony did not know. He kept lube in his lab, sure, but Cap could just as easily have grabbed the machine oil that was right next to it. 
The finger moved inside him, rubbing up against Tony's inner walls. Unfortunately, Steve seemed to be avoiding going too deep so as to avoid touching Tony's prostate. Whatever Steve was planning, it apparently involved Tony not being allowed to cum for quite a while. 
When a second finger finally slipped into him, and Tony ground back onto the fingers, he was desperately trying to convince Steve to move faster, to just fuck him already, only to wind up with a large hand swatting his ass. 
"I thought you were going to behave," Steve growled. 
"I was trying to behave," Tony bit down on his lower lip. "I just want your cock so much, Daddy." 
Steve pulled back, an unreadable expression on his face, and Tony thought for a moment that he might have taken things too far. Then Steve let out a sharp breath. "You are going to be the death of me." He hissed. 
Cap fumbled with his belt for longer than Tony had expected, but finally, his jeans dropped to the ground, and oh boy... all of Tony's fantasies about the Super Soldier Serum that he had while jacking off? None of those we
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Hank Pym/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Victor von Doom
Marc Spector/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
One chapter for each character
Daddy Kink
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Desk Sex
Rimming
Anal Fisting
Public Sex
Riding
Watersports
pissing inside
Mutual Masturbation
Intercrural Sex
Cock Worship
Scent Kink
ball worship
Prostate Massage
Medical Kink
Edgeplay
Throne Sex
Barebacking
Sex Pollen
Shibari

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Hank Pym/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Victor von Doom
Marc Spector/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Sam Wilson

