Work Text:

“What’s your name, kid?”

“Harry,” he said, brushing his wet hair out of his face so he could better see the redheaded woman peering down at him, the one who had just saved him from the man with the knife . “Harry Potter.”

“Nice to meet you, Harry Potter. My name is Natasha Romanoff.” She held her hand out towards him, and after staring down at it warily for a second while wondering if this was some trick like the ones Dudley sometimes had the kids at school play on him, he tentatively shook it. “How old are you, Harry?” He had to think about it for a second because his birthdays were never something to celebrate with the Dursleys, but eventually he figured it out. 

“Ten,” he said. 

“And what’s a ten year old boy doing wandering around the streets of London all alone in the pouring rain?” she asked, leaning down to look at him more closely. “Where’s your family?” She wrinkled her nose as she got a better look at him, engulfed by Dudley’s hand-me-downs. “Buying you clothes that actually fit you, I hope?”

“I don’t have any family,” he said, shaking his head. “My parents died when I was young.”

“I’m sorry to hear that,” she said quietly. “Who have you been staying with? Where did you come from?”

“Doesn’t matter,” he mumbled, shaking his head. “Not going back.” Even if he’d wanted to, he doubted Uncle Vernon would let him back into the house. He still didn’t know why the couch had suddenly flown up off of the ground and hit Dudley when he was trying to punch him, but Vernon blamed him for it anyway. His uncle’s red-faced tirade had been the entire reason he’d run out of the house to begin with, and he wasn’t going to risk going back there. His uncle scared him as much as the man with the knife had.

“Hmm.” The redheaded woman stared at him in concern for a moment, and then gave him a smile. “Well, I have a temporary apartment in the city. You can stay with me if you want. Just for now, until we figure out a better place for you to go.”

“Okay,” he said right away. He’d only just met this woman, but she had just saved his life and she hadn’t said or done anything mean to him. That alone set her apart from anyone else in his life.

She ruffled his sodden hair, took him by the hand and led him out of the street and towards her apartment.
--
Eight Years Later
“I hope you enjoyed your party, Harry.”“I did, mum,” he said. “Thanks.”“Any time, son.” Natasha said, smiling at him.What began as a temporary solution became more permanent somewhere along the way. She’d officially adopted him over seven years ago now, largely to put his mind at ease and assure him that she wasn’t going anywhere and wasn’t abandoning him, that she still wanted him in her life even after the bombshell that had been dropped on them when Minerva McGonagall turned up on their doorstep with an invitation to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He’d been worried she would think he was a freak like the Dursleys had, but he should have known better. She’d been surprised, but not nearly as much as the average “muggle” would be. The concept of magic might have been new to her, but given all her first-hand experience dealing with superhumans, finding out her ward was a wizard was something she took in stride.He’d gone off to Hogwarts knowing that he always had a home waiting for him. He’d changed Natasha’s life every bit as much as she’d changed his. She was supposed to just be in London for a few weeks to a couple of months at the most back when they first met, but she’d made her stay permanent for him. She still worked for her old boss and had to leave on business every once in awhile, but she was never gone long. Their life was far from normal, he a famous wizard with a Dark Lord hunting him and she a trained superspy who fought alongside superheroes and mythical gods, but it was theirs and they loved it. He’d lost his parents and she was unable to have children of her own, but they’d formed their own little family together. She was the most important person in his life, and he knew in his heart that she felt the same way about him. They completed each other, filled the holes in each other’s lives.Harry didn’t want to do anything that might damage that irreplaceable relationship, which had made the last year or two so damn difficult for him as he fought a war with himself.“Ginny looked cute today,” she said conversationally.“Don’t,” he said, rolling his eyes. They’d been down this road many times in the past. Ginny’s crush on him had been obvious for years, and she’d only gotten more flirtatious with him as she got older. No matter how hard she tried, it was never going to work.“Fine, fine,” she said. “I know you don’t like Ginny, not in that way at least. But don’t you think it’s time you asked a girl out?”“I did,” he reminded her. “Or have you forgotten I dated Cho Chang?”“You were fifteen,” his mum said, shaking her head. “Doesn’t even count. You’re eighteen years old now, Harry, and I know there are plenty of girls who wou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

freeform: 
Pseudo-Incest
Adopted Children
Harry Potter was Adopted by Other(s)
Explicit Sexual Content
First Time
Birthday Sex
Love Confessions
Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Deepthroating
Facials
Kitchen Sex
Vaginal Sex
Creampie
Crossover
Age Difference

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

