Chapter 1





Chapter Text
I. 
The flash of spellfire burns past Harry as he runs, red and vicious and singing in the air.  

The peat and dirt and dead leaves are wet from the constant rain.  It makes keeping his footing more difficult. Makes dodging a slippery kind of hassle.  He grunts as he goes sliding around the trunk of a tree, vaulting quickly over the fallen mess of another as another spell is hissed and cast and tossed at his back.  

Clothes soaked, hair in his face, Harry Potter runs.  There’s mud on his shoes and his jeans and he thinks maybe his face; he longs for a warm shower as the cold seeps into his bones despite the burn of his legs and his lungs.  He just has to go a little faster, for a little longer. Just has to get through to the clearing he sees ahead of him.  

It’s instinct and the reflexes of years-- a childhood, an adulthood-- that keep him from going over the sheer drop on the other side of the treeline.  A cliff face. A 

fucking 

cliff face. 

Harry slides.  Drops onto his back and claws at the wet earth to slow his momentum.  Feels the debris of the forest seep into the folds of his clothes. Feels a rock slice across his palm as he clutches it and comes to a stop with his feet hanging over the edge into nothing.  

There is a 

crack

 of apparition behind him.  

Harry grunts and drops his head back.  Unaware-- or perhaps uncaring-- of the mud and muck that clumps into the mess of his hair.  


“Harry Potter,” 

comes the soft, sibilant hiss of a voice he has heard in his dreams, in his nightmares, in his waking hours for years.  

Slowly, carefully, Harry twists over and pushes up onto his hands and knees.  He stays there, short breath fogging in front of his face, and his pursuer lets him.  Harry has no doubt of that; he’s being allowed this respite. This small moment to catch his bearings, heart pounding in his ears, blood 

singing. 


“It seems I have finally caught you.” 

Harry barks out a laugh, head tilting and twisting to stare at the man standing at the edge of the forest.  

He looks untouched by the elements, but Harry knows better.  Can see the small tells-- the open robe, black as pitch; the muddy boots; the faint flush of his cheeks, his ears, his knuckles as he clutches the bleached white wand at his side.  Voldemort stares him down with red eyes, hardly out of breath, and still looking completely winded from the chase. 

As Harry rocks back, sitting on his heels with his hands on his knees, he offers a smile that holds no kindness.  Voldemort’s grip on his wand grows impossibly tighter. 


“Don’t,” 

he hisses. 

But Harry is already clicking his tongue.  

“Sorry, Tom,” he says.  “Better luck next time.” 

And then he pushes himself off the edge of the cliff. 

*

When Harry was very young, he learned very quickly how to run fast.  

You have to learn fast when there is no one to hold your hand and teach you the ways of the world.  When it is just you, in your too large hand-me-downs, with a bruised face, and a pack of bullies at your back.  When it is just you, curled up in a cot at night, alone, under some stairs.  

Harry learned very fast, very young. 

So, when the time came, and he looked Lord Voldemort in the eye, a crystal ball glowing in his hand, he knew what to do. 

*

It is not the night that his parents died that this begins.  It is not in a basement, surrounded by fire, a stone burning in his pocket.  It is not in a chamber, with a girl and a diary and a snake. It is not even in a graveyard, a friend not long dead beside him.  

It is in a Headmaster’s office, with sweat cooling on his skin, with his shouted plea still ringing around the room as Albus Dumbledore refuses to meet his eyes.  It is with a splitting headache and a rolling fear that he just saw someone die-- that he’d 

felt it

 and 

relished it

-- and it is with a hate so profound that it almost wrecks him.

“Tell me what’s happening to me,” Harry says, again, breathless and trembling.  “I can’t-- I don’t want to 

feel 

like this.” 

And that-- that small admittance-- seems to give the Headmaster pause.  The door opens, somewhere behind Harry, but Dumbledore holds up his hand to still whoever is there.  To stop them.  

Then, with a great amount of care, Dumbledore sits and sets his hands on top of his desk, tilts his head down, and peers at Harry over the edge of his glasses.  Meets his eyes. Holds his stare. 

“My boy,” he says.  “Whatever do you mean?” 

*


Trouble.

  That’s what the Dursleys always said he was.  

That boy is nothing but trouble. 


Harry hadn’t wanted to believe them.  Hadn’t thought he did anything particularly troublesome, not most of the time, but somehow he always ended up in the cupboard anyways. 

The trouble seemed to follow him, though, to Hogwarts.  He remembers 

getting 

in trouble, 

causing 

trouble, and even one memorable moment in first year when Snape looked down his nose at him and 

called 

him trouble. 

Perhaps, Harry thinks, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle | Voldemort
Harry Potter/Voldemort

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Book 5: Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Sirius Black Lives
Albus Dumbledore Lives
Road Trips
Kinda
Abused Harry Potter
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Magically Powerful Harry Potter
Horcrux Hunting
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Lovers

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle | Voldemort
Harry Potter/Voldemort

