Chapter 1: Workshop Appearance
    


Notes:
Welcome to the sequel of "I'll Catch a Break Someday"! Thank you to everyone who had read and commented on the previous story. I hope this one lives up to your expectations!To those coming across this story without having read the 1st one, my suggestion is to go back and enjoy it or else this one will probably not make much sense... :PEnjoy!P.S. As usual, unless stated otherwise, the chapters will be from Ed's POV.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Cool.Laying… Something cool.But… I didn't want to move.My body was in pain. Why was it in pain?What had happened?Think. Think. Think.Steve. I remembered Steve. His shield. Red. White. Blue.Blue sparks.Wait. It came back to me all too suddenly.Hydra. Airplane. Red Skull. Cube. Steve. GATE!My eyes snapped open, blinding light hitting me all too suddenly and I quickly squeezed them shut again, groaning painfully. Too much light… Way too much.Breathing deeply, I went over the events once more.The Gate. The Gate took me away, leaving Steve to crash the airplane into the water…But then… It must have spit me out somewhere else.Well, not necessarily. I could be back in the in-between, that white, endless space.I truly hoped not…Well, one way to find out.I took another deep breath before slowly prying my eyes open, almost praying that I saw something else than just a white expanse. Anything but that. Any – anything…Were those cars? So… So many cars and that was just in my direct line of sight.Where was I?I lifted my head, easily spotting several more cars all lined up near a wall. The rest of the area though… What...? What the fuck were all those things? They looked like some type of equipment for... something. But everything seemed so much more sophisticated than anything I had ever seen.Even more sophisticated than what Howard could come up with.Where did that damn Gate drop me this time?Gathering my strength, I shakily pushed myself up with only my left arm, biting back a groan at the pain that flared up across my back.I had forgotten about the abuse it had taken during the fight.I only just managed to slide my knees under me and I flopped back, trying to find a position that didn't inflict more pain than necessary as I... I...My eyes widened at what lay in front of me.Yeah, this place was definitely more sophisticated than anything I had ever seen.This - this wasn't Hydra, was it?"Sir, the scan is complete."I jumped at the sound of that voice, regretting the action almost instantly as pain flared through my body and limbs. Sudden movements were NOT a good idea..."Don't tell me I'm right. Just once, don't."Where...? That second voice sounded much more human and it came from a specific point, not like the other one that seemed to originate from... everywhere at the same time.There. A man was standing on the other side of one of the many tables, leaning heavily against it as he just... stared at me. Studying him, I had this nagging feeling that I may know him but, at the same time, I didn't remember ever meeting him.I would have remembered that beard that was for sure."I'm sorry, Sir, but your assumption was exact," replied that echoing voice. It almost sounded metallic. Where was the other person?The man breathed deeply, still staring at me before he shook his head, pushing away from the table. "No, impossible. This is just a look a like. He can't be here. He can't be alive.""Sir, this is the Edward Elric of the Howling Commandos, from 1945."I blinked, surprised by that response. Not many people knew my name even though I was a part of the Howling Commandos on top of being friends with Steve. I had done it on purpose and had tried to keep it that way so not to involve Edward and Alphonse in the whole mess that was Hydra and the S.S.R. Had the S.S.R. published my name somewhere? Why would they?So, how did this person know about me?And how...? What – what the hell was that that just appeared?!Where the hell did the Gate drop me?Some type of semi-transparent, bluish screen popped up near the man and it quickly filled with pictures of the missions Steve and the rest of us had been on.Weren't those CLASSIFIED?!And how are those pictures even being shown?!The man eyed the images and then me, breathing deeply as he kept going back and forth several times before pinching the bridge of his nose, squeezing his eyes shut."This is a bad dream. I haven't slept in a while. That must be it," he mumbled, turning heel and heading... somewhere.I blinked, confused. This man seemed to recognize who I was and, for some unknown reason, he didn't look happy about my being here... Wait…"Where – where am I?" Damn... My voice was weak and it cracked at that question. It felt like I hadn't spoken in such a long time...I had spoken to Steve before – before the Gate took me away from him.The man shook his head, walking further across the area – the workshop maybe? His workshop? Lab? I could still some
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Crossover
Genderbending
Genderbend
fem!Edward
caution - a lot of swearing from Ed
Friendship
Female Edward Elric
Rule 63

fandom: 
None
