Work Text:
And it’s 1938 and Steve Rogers is holding out a daisy between two fingers, looking at Bucky with an almost smile hitching his mouth. He’s sitting cross legged next to Bucky’s shoulder, all sharp elbows and knees, cheeks already turning pink in the sun.“What is that?” Bucky says flatly, hands behind his head and squinting in the sunlight as he tries to focus on Steve. He had been having a nice nap until Steve had rudely awakened him by jabbing a finger into his stomach.“Flower,” Steve replies in a tone of voice that suggests Bucky’s the one being the idiot here. “For you.”“You’re hilarious,” Bucky says and closes his eyes again, only to feel a bony finger poke him hard in the ribs. “Ouch, what’re you playing at?”“Take the flower, Buck. It’s rude to turn down a gift.”Bucky cranes his neck up, hastily looking around the park. There’s no-one close enough to hear, but still. Someone sees Steve handing over a flower like that and chooses to make a joke or an issue of it, it’ll come down on their heads in ways too terrible for Bucky to think about.“Can’t,” Bucky says, shutting his eyes again, breathing in deep the smell of grass and the nearby river. “You know that.”“Fine,” Steve sighs, looks away. “If you don’t want it, I get it.”Bucky cracks an eye open, scowling. “Don’t.”“No, I get it,” Steve says with a sad twist of his mouth, shrugging and pulling at the grass with his fingers. “I just thought you’d appreciate it a little more, is all.”Bucky narrows his eyes. “I’m not falling for that.”“Falling for what?” Steve says. “I’m not doin’ anything. I guess I’ll just keep ahold of it, maybe give it to a dame on the walk home-”It’s a lie and they both know it because Bucky is sure Steve would have a better chance of becoming a strongman in the circus than successfully giving a girl flowers. Nevertheless, it doesn’t stop him sitting up and leaning over, snatching the flower out of Steve’s hand, unaccountably put out at the mere thought of Steve even contemplating handing over the piece of shit flower to someone else.“You’re a fucking punk,” he says irritably, and carefully threads the stem of the daisy into the third buttonhole of his shirt. “Happy now?”“Very,” Steve hums, turning his face up towards the sun and smiling. Bucky lies back down and watches him lazily through half lidded eyes, enjoying the peace and quiet. The company isn’t half bad either, he thinks to himself, even if the company is currently being a pain in the ass.He’s still not sure how Steve does it, even after ten years of knowing each other, how he can be so bullheaded and stubborn and irritating, yet simultaneously so good and kind and earnest. He’s hopeless, is what he is, but he’s still the best goddamn thing to ever happen to Bucky.Bucky’s sure there’s a word for it somewhere, a word to describe how Steve is all of those things at the same time, but he hasn’t found it yet.   
 
And it’s 1944, and Steve is still the same utterly hopeless guy that Bucky has been head over heels for ever since he can remember, but now he’s also not. He’s now in a body that matches the strength inside, one that won’t let him down and betray him with illness, that allows him to do everything he’s ever felt he needed to. Even so, he’s still the same, he’s still Bucky’s best friend, his best guy. It’s just that these days, he’s also Bucky’s Captain as well.
And Captain or not, right now Steve Rogers is about to get a boot up his ass."Where is that useless sack of star spangled shit?!"Storming around the edge of the tent, rifle in hand, Bucky kicks an empty ammo canister out of his path and is just in time to see Steve hastily scrambling to his feet, almost tripping over Dernier’s legs but regaining his balance at the last moment. He staggers back a step and then twists, vaulting over the crate he'd been sitting on and making a clear - though ill advised - bid for freedom."GET BACK HERE," Bucky bellows, striding after him, cursing as his rifle strap snags on a branch. He wrenches it free, but by the time he’s got himself untangled, Steve is gone."Motherfucker," he snaps, and turns his glare on the others as they all start to laugh."What?!""The man can take on the Red Skull hand to hand and only be scared of a telling off from you," Falsworth says with his usual sideways smirk, eyes twinkling as he leans back and kicks his feet up onto Steve's vacated crate."Dumb jerk should stop getting shot then," Bucky scowls, taking off in the direction Steve had run and ignoring the laughs and ribbing from the others, shouts of ‘run, Rogers, run!’ and ‘mother hen Barnes is on the move, might as well give it up, Cap!’ and ‘you can’t shoot him, Barnes, the president will have your hide!’"He only got nicked," Moritia calls after him over the laughter of the others, sounding long suffering."Nicked," Bucky snarls, slinging his rifle onto his back and carrying on muttering to himself even though the others can no longer hear him. "Wouldn't have got nicked if he'd stayed put lik
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Bucky Barnes Feels
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Howling Commandos - Freeform
Various Avengers - Freeform
Dorks in Love
Fluff and Humor
Bucky loves Steve so much he doesn't know what to do with himself

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

