Work Text:
 

1.
It's one of the first things any newcomer to the mansion--after the accreditation paperwork is finally approved, any new student at the school--realizes for themselves, or has explained to them by their older, vastly wiser peers after a few days: Professor X and Magneto are together.They're not usually demonstrative (though rumors circulate among the students about rounding corners and seeing them kissing, or that time that Magneto wore a miniskirt to breakfast), but they don't have to be. Everyone knows that they share the master suite in the main building of the mansion, and the students who've gone through Magneto's more advanced "phys ed" classes, or been so questionably fortunate as to learn to notice such things for themselves, can see that each is the sun around which the other orbits: when one of them enters a room that the other is in, it takes less than ten seconds for both to reorient themselves so that they've got the entire space covered between them. Or at least, Magneto does that; Professor X just seems to relax, and sit straighter, if that were possible. They orbit around each other, and all of what Mystique calls "liberated mutantkind" orbits around the two of them.Thinking that there's no problem with the Professor and Magneto being together, and saying so, quickly becomes a kind of litmus test: at the school, among mutants, "normal," human social rules don't apply. The Professor would hate that line of thinking, of course, but few of the new pupils--who seem, as Erik says to Charles many times, to get younger and softer as the years pass--have the temerity to say so right off the bat, particularly not to their older classmates, who are almost always the first people like them that they've ever known. Those who keep that thought to themselves, or who do have problems with two men being, for all intents and purposes, married, generally decide that there are bigger things to worry about by graduation.  

2.
It's Emma who institutes the semi-weekly poker games that later become an inviolable tradition, she and Charles and Erik sitting around the purpose-built table in one of the mansion's multiple gaming rooms, slinging chips and playing cards across the green felt. The wood paneling and pool table and full bar that complete the room make Erik feel as though he's in some sort of absurd resort, except all the guests are mutants like him, and none of them are ever going to check out.Erik's decent at poker, though it's not his game, and Charles is abysmal, but Emma is ridiculously good. From the way she plays, it's obvious she isn't using her telepathy; she's just that good at reading people, and keeping all the cards and possibilities straight in her head.Which of course is why she'd flatly refused Charles' half-joking offer to teach her chess, and why they can both tell quite easily when Charles cheats off of Erik.To wit, Charles loses the first game dismally but wins the second handily, looking around the table with a frankly smug look on his face. "Better luck next time, hmm? Shall we play another round?"Erik takes another sip of his martini and glances at Emma. He'd quickly learned to trust her as much as he can ever trust anyone, and the glance she slides him is eloquent. "Sure," she says, collecting the cards and reshuffling them expertly, "why not?"The third game, Erik feeds Charles all the wrong card combinations, partly by literally not glancing at his cards long enough to comprehend them. He bets mostly at random, but in the end he still wins, because it turns out that Emma has dealt him a royal flush.If they were playing for money, Charles would be cleaned out right now. He looks between the two of them, that uncomprehending frown that Erik hates pulling the corners of his mouth down. "You cheated," he says, more nonplussed than angry."Turnabout is fair play, Charles," Emma says, amused."Good tactics, really," Erik says thoughtfully. "If the rules of the game aren't working for you, change the rules.""So you're saying--" Charles breaks off, and now he's unquestionably tipped from confusion into anger. "Just because--""Charles," Erik says, leaning forward, "you have got to learn to stay out of people's heads when the occasion does not call for it.""Besides," Emma adds, "the whole idea of a game is not to know the outcome in advance. That's what makes it a game. And fun," she adds pointedly."You would know, wouldn't you, Miss Frost?" Charles asks after a very short, very loaded silence. Erik finishes his martini, uses his power to refill his glass from the cocktail shaker without moving a finger. James Bond does have a point about shaken versus stirred.Emma might as well be diamond for all the visible emotion Charles has roused in her. "Whatever do you mean, Dr. Xavier?" she asks, exquisitely polite."I mean that you spent quite a lot of time in the Hellfire Club," Charles says, in the tone of someone playing a trump card. "Playing some very questionable games."They're n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Wordcount: 10.000-30.000
Alternate Universe - Canon
Disabled Character

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

