Work Text:
“Tony, Steve. Steve, Tony. Play nice,” is all Pepper says when she walks into his office. Tony has just enough time to look up at what can only be the most uncomfortable person in the world—pale, skinny, wearing an ill-fitting suit and an expression that suggests he’s just been thrown into a tank with giant man-eating sharks—before she leaves.“H-Hello, Mr. Stark,” Steve says, his shoulders squaring resolutely, except he doesn’t really have any shoulders to speak of, so it comes across as one of the saddest things Tony has ever seen. “I’m your new—”“You know what, hold that thought,” Tony interrupts, because letting him finish the sentence might actually make it real, and he’s up and out the door in pursuit.He manages to catch Pepper at the elevators—how a woman wearing such high heels can move so fast, he’ll never know—and says, “You have got to be kidding me!”“About what?” she asks oh-so-innocently, as if the evil tilt of her smile didn’t give her away.“About that,” he says, pointing towards his office. They both look back in order to see Steve’s head peeking out the room. Steve’s eyes go wide just before he jerks back inside, and then there’s a loud thud, followed by a faint “Ow.”“See?” Tony exclaims, waving his hands because Steve has just made his argument for him. “See?”“Oh, you mean Steve,” she says, her smile just getting bigger. The elevator doors open and then close with neither of them moving inside. “Isn’t he great?”“That’s not the word I’d use to describe him, Pepper—”“That’s just because you haven’t gotten to know him yet.”“I don’t want to get to know him! Have you seen him?”“I told you to be nice,” she says, looking at him sternly, but he’s long since become inured to her intimidation tactics.“He looks like a strong wind will knock him over! Hell, a light breeze! Like he should have a nurse following him around, offering to spoon-feed him jello!” Tony runs his fingers through his hair. “I know I said you could pick my next PA, but this is ridiculous.”“Maybe he’s not the . . . hardiest . . . assistant you’ve ever had,” she concedes, “but he’s got an excellent resume.” Tony snorts. "Why do I feel like you’re telling me he has a ‘great personality?’” he says and purposefully adds the air quotes in order to be obnoxious. “Or better yet, ‘a wonderful sense of humor’" "You know, I find it fascinating that you’re comparing this to a blind date, especially since out of the last five PA’s you’ve had, two quit in order to have an affair with you, two threatened to sue, and the last one had to be fired because he was going through your trash and leaving you love notes all over the place!”“None of that was my fault!” he protests but backtracks quickly at the look on her face. “Well, alright, the first two were my fault, but how was I to know they’d take a little bit of harmless flirting so seriously? I mean, they basically threw themselves at me. What else was I supposed to do?”He feels insulted by how blatantly she rolls her eyes. “Uh huh. Now, you might actually be concerned with the state of Steve’s health, or you might just be complaining that Steve doesn’t provide enough eye candy to qualify as your PA—which would just be ridiculous, because we don’t tolerate sexual harassment here, and you would never hit on employee. Again,’” she says, glaring at him, and that look is completely unjustified. Seriously, he’s starting to get the impression she doesn’t believe him when he says it wasn’t his fault. “Either way, I don’t really care. Like it or not, Steve is your new assistant, and since he reports to me and not you, you can’t fire him. And before you get any bright ideas, don’t even thinkabout driving him to quit. I will know,” she says, and okay, maybe he’s not quite as inured as he thought, “and I will be very upset.”“But, Pepper—”“No ‘buts!’”“Bu—”“No!” she says, and when she jabs the down button, the doors open immediately. “Be nice,” she warns him one last time, and then she’s gone.-----“Sorry about that,” Tony says airily when he gets back into his office. “I just had something to discuss with Pepper.”“No problem,” Steve says, his voice tight, and Tony doesn’t know if it’s due to the guy knowing exactly what he wanted to talk to Pepper about, or to the big red spot that’s already starting to swell on his forehead. Ouch indeed.“So you’re my new assistant,” Tony says and tries not to sigh. Pepper’s baseless accusations aside, he doesn’t actually go out of his way to have attractive people work for him. It doesn’t hurt, but it’s not a requirement. Plus, Steve’s not even bad looking. Mostly. Sure, he’s almost as white as the decorative pillows on Tony’s couch, and yes, he looks like he needs to spend the next three weeks eating nothing but junk food, junk food, and more junk food, but he has good bone structure and really nice eyes.Which is all entirely beside the point, and he’s obviously been working too hard if he’s letting himself get so distracted.What Tony wants, what he must have, is a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Mutant!Steve
Alternate Universe
Personal Assistant!Steve
Boss/Employee Relationship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

