Chapter 1: Adrift
    




Chapter Text
‘’That might’ve been the worst idea you’ve ever had,Quill.’’In this particular moment, surrounded as they were, he was inclined to give this one to the raccoon. Going on a mission with Rocket and Groot was always fun, especially without Gamora close by to stop them from resolving every situation with one of Rocket’s ‘explosive of the day specials’. As for Groot, well the damn thing was adorable and completely kick-ass in a fight, so having it around was always great fun. Normally the three of them, along with Drax would be a terrible idea, but the three of them without Drax (who had chosen to accompany Gamora on her mission), was probably the most likely recipe for disaster anyone could ever come up with.So really no one should have been surprised about their current location. Which was in the middle of a Chitari invasion, with the very creative use of something that looked like a portal, but Peter couldn’t see where it lead. It had sounded like great fun after spending a day doing nothing but bathing in the two sun planet of Kriptsy .Go see the Chitari invasion everyone was talking about around the galaxy, see if they couldn’t make it fail, a normal day in their lives really. But well, the invasion was really an all-out war and the Chitari were clearly going all in on this one.‘’You sure they can’t detect us right?’’ Peter asked in a whisper like the huge ship flying over them could hear his voice…stupid but valid concern really. The raccoon looked at him with a very unimpressed looked on his face and even Groot grunted something that sounded very judgmental. “What? Just making sure.”“As long as we don’t move we’re good, they can’t detect us on their radar and the cloaking shield is holding on.” Rocket showed him a bunch of blinking lights and something on the screen, but really all his attention was on the portal. The Chitari sent in huge whale looking things now and that on its own was a very bad sign. They were all watching completely fascinated by it all as the army just kept on sending warriors. He had no idea who was being attacked, but damn he really hope they had as huge of an army as the aliens had or they would truly be screwed. As they were, cloaked closed to the mother ship there wasn’t much they could do. They had been expecting a small squad; something easy to scare away…this was way huger then whatever they had been expecting. Gamora was going to kill them if she ever learned what they had done (or if they survive their bad idea). "Hey the flow stopped!”Looking up Peter saw that the aliens had indeed stopped sending in soldier and whale looking things. His whole body tensed as Rocket, slowly and carefully started moving their ship closer to the portal, so they could get a peek. He knew they should have used this moment of calm, probably before the storm, to escape, but well…just a little peek. Their ship moved slowly, Rocket’s attention on his screens making sure they weren’t detected as they moved away from the mother ship and closer to the portal. As soon as they reached it, all three of them leaned forward to see inside. Peter’s breath caught in his throat at the sight before him. New York City, this was Earth!“I am Groot?”“I don’t know buddy, it’s not one I’ve ever seen before.”“It’s Earth!” Quill said in one breath not understanding why the Chitari would attack Earth of all places. His two companions looked at him in surprise, but all his attention was on what he could see. The blue sky, the buildings, the cars moving below…the red and gold robot flying toward them…wait what! “What the…”Zooming past them carrying what looked like a small rocket, the robot went past them releasing the rocket toward the mother ship. They turned their attention toward the ship as well and Rocket seemed about to cry in joy as the rocket touched the ship and…well the most awesome and destructive explosion engulfed the whole armada killing all the aliens surrounding it. It truly was a thing of beauty, seeing the fire in space destroying what they had though would be impossible to stop in one swift move. Apparently Earth did have an army more powerful than the Chitari. Turning his attention back to the robot, Peter frowned seeing the red and gold figure unmoving just floating there. And then the portal closed behind the robot leaving him in open space, abandoned by his own people.“Rocket!”“On it Quill!” He didn’t need to say anything more, the Chitari were gone, and they didn’t need the shield anymore and could move faster. Trusting the raccoon to pilot his ship, Peter jumped to the back of the ship, snapping his helmet in place and propelled himself out of the ship toward the robot. Rocket was already moving right behind him to retrieve them both. As soon as he was close enough, Peter grabbed the robot by the waist and activated his boots pulsars to send them floating toward the ship.As he dragged the heavy robot, now that he could see it closer he was a little surprised
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Groot/Rocket Raccoon

freeform: 
Establish relationship Groot/Rocket
end of Avengers movie with a twist
not canon
Tony and Pepper friends not lovers
Science Bros
explosion bros
bromance Tony/Rocket
clearly I hate myself

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Groot/Rocket Raccoon

