Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The room is cold, and his shoes have been taken away. His toes are black with dirt from the hallways they’d brought him through, hooded and cuffed with his elbows drawn all the way behind his back and legs locked together with something that felt like death-row cuffs.
 He’d also lost privilege of his jacket and all of his weapons, leaving him chilled in the cold air conditioned interview room, and feeling strangely vulnerable, even without the added cuffs and chains.
 It’s a typical interrogation room; Metal desk and chairs all bolted to the floor, gray concrete and steel, with one long mirror on the wall to Desmond’s right. The hall they’d brought him through after flying in had felt echoing, and he though he’d heard filing cabinets being opened, the hum of conversation and the occasional heavy and clattering sound of heavy combat equipment. Military, it sounded like.
 
 They’d taken his hood off, but it didn’t tell him much he couldn’t already know with it on.
 
In the glow of his Eagle-vision, Desmond could see some red shapes on the other side of the one-way glass, washed out to slightly purple with the distance as well as the indigo blankness of the reflective surface, and he tracked their faces with narrowed eyes, hoping desperately to read what they’re saying. He could at least find out where they’ve taken him. From the gentle vibrations passing into his bare feet, he figured they were on a boat of some sort.
 
When this doesn’t yield any results besides a piercing headache, he looked closer at his cuffs, rattling them experimentally.
 
They were wide, made of a stiff type of leather, and padded on the inside to prevent chafing, as well as extending with bands to cross over and keep his palms pressed together, limiting the motion of his fingers and wrists.
They had, however, given him a cup of the worst coffee he’d ever drunk in his life.
‘Ah, how the authorities grow wiser.’ Said a fond voice in his head. Desmond bit back a snort. Ezio. ‘Back in my day they would have thrown you in a dungeon with a window not ten feet above your head. And given you a hot meal before the shifts changed and you climbed out.’ The memory is a nostalgic one, and a warm feeling completely at odds with Desmond’s own tightly clenched fear spreads in his chest. Phantom wistfulness.

‘Thanks for the history lesson. But if you’re not going to offer a way out, then pipe down and stop distracting me.’ Desmond grit back, ribs twinging, as he pulled experimentally on the chain bolted under the table. It rattled, but didn’t give.



 




There hadn’t been anyone in for hours. Thankfully, he didn’t particularly have to go to the bathroom, or he would’ve been in trouble after hour four. He was thirsty, ninety percent sure that Hawk guy cracked a rib, and nursing a headache and a loose tooth.




 




 Which is why he’s not expecting it when the door opens.




 




 Desmond started, glaring slightly and squaring his shoulders.




 The government spook that sidles in is average height, has slightly thinning hair, and a tightly pressed mouth with lines around it that spoke of a stressful job. His suit was average, carefully cultivated plain-ness that just screams government issue. The difference between this man and the sleek, anaerobic appearance of Abstergo goons is so profound that he almost sighs in relief.




 But Desmond could see the bulge of a gun holster, and at least two knives in the gentle blue glow of his eagle vision. Still not out of the woods, even if the likelihood of his brains getting scrambled again just dropped by- Well. Hopefully by a lot.




 




A small device on the man’s belt beeped, but the suit ignored it as he sat down, putting a file down on the table in front of him.




 




They sat in silence a few moments, him reading through the file and letting Desmond stew, and Desmond shivering miserably and sullenly with bare feet. (‘Amateur tactics.’ Altair sniffed disapprovingly, and Desmond mentally rolled his eyes.)




 The hum in his feet continued, unabated. Either they were parked right under the generator, or there was something he didn’t know about.




 




“So, Desmond Miles.” The suit started out suddenly, shutting the file and putting his hands on the table. They spread out easily, comfortably. Like they were sitting down at a board meeting and Desmond was being particularly disappointing this last quarter.




 Desmond stared back blankly.




“And you are?” Desmond was getting the surreal feeling he was stuck in a Jason Bourne movie. But with more superheroes. And a slightly more competent secret agency.




“Phil Coulson. I’m with-“




Black Briar?




“- the Strategic Homeland Intervention and Logistics Division.”




Desmond stared at him incredulously. Something clicked. He played dumb. “Aren’t you the guys that handled that alien thing?”




Coulson’s mouth twitched briefly. “We have a very broad sense of ‘homeland.”




Desmond gave him a strange look, bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossover
Spoilers
HUGE SPOILERS
Suicidal Thoughts
Implied/Referenced Suicide

fandom: 
None
