Work Text:
Erik checks the peephole once he reaches the door.  He sighs deeply, unhooks the chain, and swings the door open to reveal Moira standing in the hallway.“MacTaggart,” he says.“Lehnsherr,” she replies.  They stand in silence, staring at each other down, until finally Moira quirks an eyebrow at him.  “Aren’t you going to let me in?”“No.”“Yes, he is,” Charles says from within their apartment.  He wanders over to them and tugs Erik out of the way.  “He’s just sore at you because the marks on his leg from Hank biting him haven’t faded yet.”“I thought you told him not to take Hank’s teething rings away,” says Moira as she walks inside and shuts the door behind her.“I did!” Charles tells her.  “He’s mad that you called out in the first place.”Moira punches Erik in the arm.  “My uncle died, you jerk!”  She shoves her coat and hat into his hands, glares at him as Charles beckons her into the living room.“I don’t think I believe you,” Erik shouts to them.  “How do I know you actually had an uncle?  I want to see his death certificate.”“Ignore him,” he hears Charles tell her.  “He’s not normally this cranky.”“Oh, please,” Moira replies, “he’s always cranky.”They laugh.  Erik hangs Moira’s coat up and retreats into the kitchen, summons his laptop from their bedroom so he can get some work done while the two of them gossip about the daycare for the foreseeable future.And you want to eavesdrop on us, love, don’t forget that part, Charles sends him.  I know you were worried about Ororo’s rash, and you’ll be happy to know she’s all better now.Erik is definitely not eavesdropping and most assuredly is not concerned about some rug rat’s rash.Of course not, dearest.Shut up, Charles, Erik thinks.***Erik quickly loses himself in circuit components and semiconductor wafers, only stopping every once in a while to see where Moira and Charles are in their conversation.  He’s been tinkering with the plans for fully conductive bodysuits, the implication being that eventually such a suit could be used for muscle therapy in cases of paralysis, and the details have to be just so in order to...A soft kiss lands on his forehead.  He grunts in response.“We’re ordering food,” he hears Charles say.  “Any preference between Thai and Korean?”“Thai,” says Erik.  He looks up from his laptop screen to find Charles staring down at him, a ridiculous smile across his face.  “What?  Do I have drool running down my face again?  Key marks?”“No,” replies Charles.  “I just love you a lot, that’s all.”He turns around and walks back into the living room to find the menu for their favorite Thai place, explaining to Moira what’s good and what’s not.  Erik is left in the kitchen, alone and feeling like the world has never been brighter or more beautiful.***Moira and Charles join him in the kitchen when the food arrives a half hour later.  Erik dutifully sends his computer away when Charles asks but makes Moira clear a chair off for herself.  “Don’t just shove your coat at me next time,” he tells her when she glares at him.  “Maybe if you used some manners once in a while, I’d be more willing to help.”“Manners?” she scoffs.  “Lehnsherr, you wouldn’t know manners if they came up and smacked you across the face.”“False.  I know plenty of manners.”“You just choose not to use them.  I see.”Charles sets a stack of plates down on the table between them with more force than necessary.  “I’ve been looking into possible new locations for the daycare,” he declares, “and I might have found one or two that are worth looking into, at the very least.  Neither are very far from where we are right now, so the parents wouldn’t need to change their routines too much, I’d think.”Moira sits down and punches Erik’s leg under the table.  “We should go look at them soon, then,” she says, wincing when Erik retaliates by kicking her shin.“Oh, I already did.  Also, stop it.”“What?” Erik frowns.  “When did you do this?”Charles waves a hand at him and hands a white carton over to Moira.  “Last week,” he says.  “You were working late one night, and I was bored.”“So you went and looked at real estate.”“We all have our hobbies.”Moira passes the carton to Erik.  “Coconut rice,” she tells him.  “And I suppose, Charles, you’ve already decided which building you’re going with?”“I would never dream of making such a unilateral decision,” Charles says.  “I wanted to wait until both of you had had a chance to see them.”Erik stops spooning rice onto his plate and stares at Charles.  “‘Both’?” he asks.  “Where do I factor into this?”Charles frowns at him.  “You don’t care?”“It’s your daycare, Charles,” Erik says.  He passes the rice off to Charles and reaches for a container of yellow curry and chicken.  “I don’t particularly think it’s any business of mine what you do with it.”A moment later, Moira steals the extra veggie roll out from under Erik’s nose, and it’s game on going forward.  Charles goes to bed shortly after she leaves and is fast asleep by the time Erik joins him.  Erik re-imm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Domestic
Kid Fic

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

