Work Text:
It wasn’t until Harry became the Master of Death that he stared hearing the heartbeats. It hadn’t registered at first just what he was hearing - a constant thrum in his ears - overlapping and layering and then - slowing. The day the layers split. From an unidentifiable thrum to 2 distinct beats - one beating out a frantic tempo, the other slowing - slowing - fading.It had his own heart in his throat. He’d never heard of soulmates hearing each other’s heartbeats, but he knew without a shadow of a doubt that that’s what he was hearing. That when he finally understood what was happening it was a message more than anything. Wrapping the cloak around himself, he closed his eyes, focusing in on the beats. He could follow them.He would follow them. He felt Death’s magic wrap around him, but when he opened his eyes, he was in darkness.	“To follow them means pain.” the voice was smooth, soft even, and Harry blinked surprise. Despite having never heard the voice before, he recognized it. 	“Without pain, I won’t know they’re mine though, will I?” he countered, and the sigh was soft. 	“Have you not done enough, my master?” Harry winced at the title, shaking his head. 	“I can’t stand by while someone is hurt. Especially if it’s them.” He didn’t question that he clearly had 2 soulmates. After all, he was used to things being the exception with him. 	“And if it kills you?” at that, Harry gave a broad grin. 	“You’re not getting rid of me that easily.” The fondness that swept through the darkness was as surprising as it was warming. 	“No, indeed.” The darkness disappeared so swiftly that Harry stumbled from it, steadied by an invisible hand as he blinked the darkness from his gaze. It took him only an instant to understand the nature of what was happening. He threw his hands up, temper already sparking along his skin, flickering from his fingertips into the air in a forceful roar of power. 	“Hands off.” He growled, planting his feet as others went flying. “They’re mine.”He could see one held beyond - knew without really knowing that the one wrapped in metal was his. Just as he knew the one who’d just had a hand wrapped around his throat was his as well. The creature - alien - holding his soulmate laughed, grip tightening, and Harry’s eyes narrowed. He pulled his wand with a flick of his wrist, and with his free hand blasted a hole in the side of the ship, sending one of the creatures that had been about to attack him flying into space. Then, he pointed his wand at the large purple one, and with a lazy motion, watched with satisfaction as he was forced to open his hand. A blast of power so strong flew at him then as the alien whipped around, snarling now, that it sent him skidding back. Harry just grit his teeth. He hadn’t become the Master of Death to be beaten by a few shiny rocks. 	“Your power is lost.” and with a snarl of his own, one of the stone pried itself loose of the gauntlet. It shot into his hand, and the jolt of power had him sucking in a breath as it flooded him with strength. 	“Your gauntlet is broken.” his grin was bloodthirsty as he watched the gauntlet shatter around the alien’s hand. The other stones flew to him as well. With a seeker’s reflex he caught them all, marvelling at them. Then he heard their whispers. Their pleas.His gaze turned poisonous on the purple alien. 	“Your life is forfeit.” He felt the power flood him and on instinct dropped to a knee, driving his wand into the floor. The blast of power that shot from him had light shooting outwards - and he could see the shadow of death grow from him. Watching it spread icy fingers along the floor towards the one who’d thought to control life itself. As the alien’s shouts reached him, he ignored them, turning his attention to the stones in his hand.	“I release you.” he murmured, and with a heavy heart, watched the trapped souls slip free. A tear escaped him then but he dashed it away, rising to his feet. His gaze cut to the others on the ship. The dead - the living - the frightened. He walked to the one in metal first. Noted the tears. The pain. Taking a deep breath, he waived the metal away and held out a hand. The man, taller he realized, when he was not on his knees, grasped it. His pain flooded through Harry, nearly sending him to his knees. It was only the man’s grip that kept him steady. Then it drained, and he watched the marks fade from the man’s skin. Ignoring the surprise, Harry turned to the other - the dark haired one - who watched with disappointment. He realized they hadn’t known. He wondered why. He reached out and the dark haired man flinched back. Harry stepped forward anyways. 	“Please.” he couldn’t help but say, and watched the broken look flash through green eyes. Then his hand was clasped. He felt his airway constrict, the pressure as if the hand were around his own neck, and then that too drained away, even as the offensive bruises did. 	“I’m Harry.” he found himself introducing. Hand still clasped in an almost painfull
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Crack
Soulmate AU
idek
being near your soulmate heals them
request fic
loki/thor/harry
absolute trash sorry
I once again forget the feeling of sleep
Sorry Not Sorry
do not post on other sites
Do not repost
Not Beta Read
All mistakes are mine
there are probably many
idc

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)

