Chapter 1: Prelude to Darkness
    




Chapter Text

Spider-Man's POV 
Just when I thought things in my life couldn't get anymore weird, I jinked it and here I am now. Fighting a giant, black, gooey, Symbiote monster that is currently destroying Manhattan. But I guess that's the life of your friendly, neighborhood superhero.Hi my name is Peter Parker, and I am Spider-Man. I used to be your ordinary, average, high school nerd in New York. Then everything changed on one field trip. I got bit by a genetically-enhanced, radioactive spider, got spider-like powers, no longer needed glasses, and things felt as if things were looking up. Then my Uncle Ben died, leaving just me and my Aunt, alone and struggling to live. I learned how to use these powers for good and became the superhero, vigilante, the Spider-Man.But you guys know this already. Let me tell you something new.I'm no longer a multi-millionaire. My business, Parker Industries, was destroyed with the help of the man who created it:Doctor Octopus. He lashed out at me and tried to destroy and publicly shame me, I both stopped and failed to stop him. My business is gone, I'm back to being a photographer, and I'm back to wearing the good old red and blue, not technically-advanced, Spider-Man suit. One of my best friends, Flash Thompson, or Agent Anti-Venom, is dead. Killed by a Carnage symbiote-infused Green Goblin. I stopped him with the Symbiote, for a time, before giving back to Brock. I then saved my best friend's, Harry Osborn's, son from the Carnage symbiote, as well as a bunch of other people. Also, my boss, the infamous J. Jonah Jameson, now knows I'm Spider-Man. I know, shocker. Well not Shocker the villain, but more, you know, quite a shock. Sorry, rambling, moving on. Anyways, I told him my secret and he agreed to keep it a secret, as long as I keep fighting the good fight. Nice to make things up with the old man.But the most recent news that happened to me was devastating. My Aunt May, the last member of my family, besides my psycho, secret, spy sister, is dead. When I found out, when I found her broken, lifeless body in the shambles of her home, it broke me. I felt truly and utterly alone.But what killed her? What took this wonderful woman of my life away from me? It was the creature I'm fighting now.I'm currently web slinging through buildings, falling debris, and Symbiote tentacles in Manhattan. The creature in question was Ginormous! He was as tall as the Empire State Building, colored in the signature black of Symbiotes, with red lines tracing along the massive body. The creature had no legs, merely a giant mass of tentacles spreading across the ground. Multiple arms were around the creature's body, with it two main arms being large, midnight black, and bulky. Its clawed hands menacing and sharp. Multiple heads poked and stretched across the creature's body, the heads round like skulls, red vein-like lines created a circle on its blank, black face, and their red mouths filled with rows of razor sharp teeth. It had giant black wings that resembled a bat's. In its hand was a massive, long, blood red and black sword, slashing at surrounding buildings. It's face, however, was the most hideous part of the creature. It was the face of a man, a pale and thin face, bloody red eyes, a hideous, wide smile, and long ragged white hair like a mop. Basically looking like a thinner, ugler, Symbiote-version of a vampire.This creature of primordial force is known as Knull: God of the Symbiotes, Lord of the Abyss. In its hand was the terrifying weapon that he created during the beginning of creation known as All-Black, the Necrosword, the God-Slayer. Preciously picked from the dead body of Ego, the Living Planet.Knull is but another monstrous villain that just wants to destroy everything and yadi yada yada. He has apparently been trapped inside the Planet Klyntar, which we now know is actually a cage made entirely of Symbiotes to trap the godly being. Now he's out and he's angry. He went to find his sword and clashed with the Necrosword-powered Ego, a fight that lit the sky, while the heroes and I fought against his brain washed symbiote army. After defeating Ego, which I still found unbelievable, we all joined to fight Knull and his army. We were buying time for the newly found Fantastic Four and Iron Man to go with the plan. The plan being a series of sound cannons, super-heated lasers, and explosives full of Cosmic Energy gathered from Ego's remnants and Miles Morales, the Ultimate Spider-Man, generating tons of his Venom Blasts into the explosives as his Venom Blasts seem to work against Knull. All the weaknesses of Symbiotes and the only possible way of defeating Knull, at least as far as we can come up with. The only problem? Knull figured it out. He was lumbering towards the Baxter Building, sending hordes of Symbiote minions, by air and land, ahead to stop us.I swung by from building to building, punching and knocking Symbiotes away as fast as possibl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Felicia Hardy/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Anya Sofia Corazon/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Silver Sablinova
Julia Carpenter/Peter Parker
Elizabeth Braddock/Peter Parker
Emma Frost/Peter Parker
Jean Grey/Peter Parker
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Kamala Khan/Miles Morales

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Dark Peter Parker
Peter Parker has the Venom Symbiote
Harems
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
based on the comics
Earth-666
Rape/Non-con Elements
Explicit Sexual Content
Mind Control
Mind Manipulation
Mind Rape
Mind Sex
Peter becomes a Celestial
Peter has had enough shit
Character Death
Peter becomes the King of the Symbiotes
Implied Sexual Content
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Tentacles
Corruption
Porn With Plot
The Necrosword
Cross-Posted on FanFiction.Net
Explicit Language
Blood and Violence
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Not for the faint of heart

fandom: 
Felicia Hardy/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Anya Sofia Corazon/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Silver Sablinova
Julia Carpenter/Peter Parker
Elizabeth Braddock/Peter Parker
Emma Frost/Peter Parker
Jean Grey/Peter Parker
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Kamala Khan/Miles Morales

