Work Text:
Here’s a funny thing that Bucky knows, that the rest of the world seems completely oblivious of: Steve Rogers is a little shit. They’ve been friends since they were practically out of diapers, and yet everyone’s always assumed that Bucky is the troublemaker in that friendship of theirs. It isn’t his fault if he has a mischievous little smirk, or charisma that could charm the pants off even the strictest nun at their school. Bucky just has a way with people because people don’t scare him; never have.It’s not like Steve’s scared of people either – he just has a different way about him. Bucky’s sure it’s because he’s always been small; short and scrawny, with a mess of golden hair and eyes that can go big and wide and innocent. It’s all an illusion, of course. It’s total bullshit. Bucky isn’t an idiot, and he knows that Steve knows what he’s doing. Being trapped in a body that’s so easily broken by sickness or unforgiving fists, having a class-A personality but never getting noticed by a dame – it doesn’t exactly leave a fella with a lot of weaponry in their arsenal.So Steve’s always utilized what he does have: angelic features to match his Boy Scout persona. A persona, by the way, which is just as much misleading as that ‘angelic’ façade. Because sure, Steve may look like less of a hellion than Bucky, and he’s always the first to help a little old lady with her bags, and has always been the last to leave any dinner table until he’s helped clear all the dishes away – and Bucky isn’t discrediting any of that. All of that is on the level, honest. Bucky’s always been Steve’s biggest supporter, save for his ma. He’ll be the first to tell someone all the greatest qualities of Steve’s character and Bucky isn’t a fibber – if he’s arguing for them, they’ve got to be true.But who’s the one who’s always getting himself into scraps in back alleys? Who’s the one who on a daily basis seems to come up with the absolute worst hair-brain plans? Who thought it’d be a good idea to sneak onto the roller coaster at Coney Island even though they were both considered ‘too short’? And then who thought it’d be okay to go ralph over in the grass when the ride made them feel sick, only to have barfed all over some of the daisies the park had been trying to grow to spruce things up a bit?Ask the world and their first guess would be Bucky. They’re always quick to say it has to be Bucky – because look at Steve Rogers, he’s so small and says all of his prayers and attends Church every Sunday and actually pays attention.Bucky has the habit of falling asleep sometimes. But that doesn’t make them any less wrong.Steve is the greatest guy Bucky’s ever known – sharp as a whip and smart as all Hell. He’s got a heart that Bucky’s sure was shaped from gold and sometimes, Bucky’s not fully convinced that he doesn’t have a pair of wings hiding beneath the loose fabric of his shirts.But that does not mean that he’s also not always checking to see where exactly Steve’s hiding those Devil’s horns of his, either. Because Steve is all of those great things, but he’s also the world’s biggest shit and he’s always getting Bucky into trouble.And Bucky doesn’t mind one bit, because God, is he ever fucking in love with that boy.
1.1937 Not that he’s ever explicitly told Steve, of course. Not like that; not in the sappy, romantic way. Yeah, he’s said it from one buddy to another, or those (horrible) times where pneumonia or what-have-you had them both thinking that any breath could be Steve’s last. He always sort of meant it the way lovers do, but that was his secret to die with. He never gave Steve any other reason to believe that he was sweet on him – he (or worse, Steve) could get into real bad trouble if he did – and besides, Bucky was always about 99.9% certain that Steve wasn’t like that anyways.He knows this from experience – limited, albeit, but experience nonetheless.Bucky likes girls just as much as he likes the fellas. But he isn’t some sort of sexual floozy – the more people you sleep around with, the less respected you are. And dames don’t want to go dating some shmuck who’s stuck his dick into every hole he can fit it into (fun as that would be). Bucky’s never even kissed a guy, much less been with one. All he’s ever had are unholy thoughts, but thoughts are safer than actions, right?Bucky’s far from a prude and he’s by no means a virgin. But he hasn’t slept with nearly as many people as those who know him have always thought, and it’s something he’s never really confirmed nor denied. He’s just never really been the type to get sucked up in the neighbourhood gossip, and he knows the gals he’s dated could always confirm just what sort of fella he is (he’s always made sure to end things as gently as possible), and that’s all he needs to know.The point is, appearances can be – and often are – deceiving. Steve’s is just as deceiving. Now, Steve may not luck out nearly as much as Bucky does but it’s not like he’s never been around a pair of li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stucky Porn Prompt Challenge
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Five Times + 1
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Public Blow Jobs
Rimming
Vibrators
Dirty Talk
Dirty Dancing
Teasing
Resolved Sexual Tension
Porn With Plot
Basically one of the longest smut-filled oneshots you'll ever read
I REGRET NOTHING
That +1 is pretty sacrilegious though
That might be one of the most scandalous things I've ever written
Bucky is so tired of Steve being such a tease
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-War
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Little bit of Clintasha
First Time
Awkward First Times
Lollipops
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Reference to Bottom Bucky
Reference to Top Steve
Nick Fury being Nick Fury
And of course Tony Stark being Tony Stark
I've never been more attracted to Steve
and that's saying something
Heterosexual Sex
Briefly in part 1
And mentioned/summarized in part 4
Warning: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

