Work Text:

"How did you Spanish test go?" James asked, flicking off the water faucet and carrying the large pot over to the stove top. He turned up the dial and dolloped in some olive oil before turning to see Peter's frown. James raised an eyebrow. "What?" 

The teenager bit his lip, hands stilling on his backpack straps. "Dad said your back was hurting this morning." 

James shrugged. "Doesn't mean I can't make dinner." He salted the water with a bit more gusto than normal as if to prove his point. "Now your test. Remind me, was it speaking or writing?" 

"But I could've moved the pot full of heavy water," Peter protested, hanging his backpack on the back of his usual chair, the third one down on the island. He slunk around the counter to join James by the stove, adjusting his binder. James considered reprimanding him for still having it on after the whole school day, but the boy had just gotten home. 

"It was what? Five pounds? I operate a half-ton suit in my free time, Pete." He tousled the boy's hair with a smirk when Peter shook him off. 

"Six point six if you used three liters. Plus the pot," Peter mumbled under his breath, quickly assessing the volume of the pot and translating the density to weight, unable to move on before completing the conversion. "And the suit is powered by an ARC reactor producing five million kilojoules a second." Peter eyed the man’s braces, which encased his worn jeans. 

James wondered vaguely if there were any anniversaries approaching that were putting the boy so on edge, but he knew Tony would’ve warned him. It was possible his ‘Spidey Sense’ was acting up, but James realized he was probably just avoiding discussing his test. 

James sighed. "Your rapid conversions are not going to distract me from the results of your Spanish test, which I'm guessing was speaking if these avoidance tactics are anything to go by." He pulled out two packages of spaghetti noodles in preparation for the water coming to a boil. “You could’ve taken Italian and had your dad tutor you,” he reminded teasingly, causing the boy to roll his eyes in agitation. 

Peter only stayed over Thursday nights through Sunday mornings, and even though he was only a single addition to their family meals, James and Tony always doubled the amount of food they made to keep up with Peter's metabolism. He didn't eat it all in one sitting, although James was sure he was more than capable, but rather preferred to have smaller meals every hour or two. 

James tossed him a modified protein bar from the pantry to their left, which Peter easily caught, before grabbing a couple jars of homemade pasta sauce Tony made whenever he missed the Jarvis’. 

Peter unwrapped the bar sheepishly, always feeling uncomfortable acknowledging his basic needs, before taking a bite. "It was speaking," he admitted, still chewing. James gave him a look and Peter swallowed apologetically. "Flash was my partner and… it's not like he was trying to trip me up or anything, but he never asked me any questions so I didn't get to talk as much as I probably needed to. And I only used like two idioms, and I needed at least five." Peter sighed, fiddling with his sweatpants string. "Normally I would've been okay if I got to ask all the questions, 'cause we practice that part in class all the time, but I was actually feeling prepared for this test. Like, the whole unit was about the environment and the future and technology, so it was really interesting. The prompt for the test was even cool, which never happens." 

James slid the noodles into the water that had come to a boil during Peter's rambling. The teen was about to dive back in after throwing away his protein bar wrapper when he perked up, clearly having heard something James couldn't, likely the near-silent elevator slide open on the other side of the floor. The penthouse had excellent soundproofing from the outside—as did the bedrooms further down the hall—but everything throughout the open floor plan was fair game for Peter's enhanced hearing. James knew that Peter didn't normally allow himself to react to little noises like that. However, it was obviously draining for the boy to stay so diligent, so no one chided him for letting go a little at home. 

"Hi Dad!" Peter called happily. "Hi Harley!" 

Harley was the newest addition to the Stark-Rhodes household, having moved in the previous August to complete high school at Midtown Tech. After four years of keeping the boy at arm's length and quietly funding his family, Tony finally reached out that June. He had gained temporary guardianship in July. James was incredibly proud. Privately, he thought that his love of mentoring Peter for even the short time had spurred him into action, but Tony claimed that he didn't want to leave any stone unturned after his latest near-death experience. 

"Hey Pete," Tony called back as the pair crossed into the kitchen. The engineer had also gotten joint guardianship of Peter in light of May discovering his ris
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Harley Keener & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Canon Compliant
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Ironhusbands
Iron Family
world building
relationship building
I read a bunch of anti team cap fics and decided to make my own
Trans Peter Parker

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Harley Keener & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

