Chapter 1: Enter Tasers
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis was having a distinctly weird morning.  It hadn’t started out that way.  No.  It had all been completely normal and ordinary a mere hour earlier.  She’d gotten up, showered, picked up a coffee and donut on her way into work, and that is pretty much where ‘normal’ turned into ‘Holy shit, what the hell just happened?’.
Her boss, Jane Foster, had been working on this Einstein-Rosen Bridge thingy.  Theoretically, it was some sort of wormhole that could connect two dimensions.  Darcy didn’t really deal in theoretically.  She dealt in snark, entering data, and earning her final three credits for her poli-sci major, which being Jane’s intern was helping her to achieve.  
So when her Boss-Lady went on and on about the physics of this, and scientific properties of that, Darcy usually tuned her out.  In retrospect that might have been the smartest thing to do.  Especially when Jane’s equipment had a high rate of failure and unexpected results.
Today had turned out to be an unexpected results kind of day.  And really, it was quickly becoming Darcy’s least favorite unexpected result ever.  
She’d just walked into the lab, cup of coffee in one hand and the bag with her donut tucked under her arm, when she heard a lot of very frantic shouting.  It had taken her a second to pull her iPod earbuds out so she could understand what Jane was saying. By that time it was already too late.  There was an extremely bright explosion of rainbowy lights followed by a scary whooshing through the air sort of feeling.  The next thing Darcy knew, she was laying flat on her back, trying very hard not to throw up.
She failed miserably at that endeavor.  At least she hadn’t eaten the donut yet.  Not that dry heaves were high on her list of stuff she enjoyed doing, but they were better that than losing her breakfast.  She rolled over onto her back again, and tried to lay as still as possible in an effort to not anger the rampaging elephants that had taken up residence in her skull.
“Jaaaaaane,” she yelled, eyes scrunched tightly closed as she fought another wave of nausea, “I think your bridge thing misfired again.  Could you maybe help me up?  I kind of want to die.”
There was no answer from Jane or anyone else.  
“Erik?  Anyone?  Seriously you guys, this isn't cool.”  Darcy cracked her eyes open a sliver and immediately shut them in disbelief.  She counted to ten and opened them again.  The impossible landscape surrounding her was still there.  Well, fuck.
It looked like a forest.  Only it couldn't be a forest, because there weren’t any forests in that part of New Mexico, and Darcy positively refused to believe she was no longer in New Mexico.  Maybe she was dreaming.  Although, if her dreams were going to start involving her vomiting into a pile of dead leaves, she was going to start asking for refunds afterwards.
She lay on the ground for a few more minutes, just staring up at the glimpses of sky between the branches swaying overhead, and trying to get her equilibrium back.  Her head had finally stopped spinning, when she heard what sounded like a scarily large something moving around nearby.  She cautiously sat up, peered around the small copse of ferns into the clearing directly behind her, and immediately wished she hadn’t.
Standing not fifteen feet from her, was the very large something that she’d heard.  It was totally worse than she’d expected.  Darcy decided she had to be dreaming.  Simply because this particular animal did not exist in any form of reality as she knew it.
It had antlers, and scales, and several more legs than seemed strictly necessary.  And the smell…  She had no words.  In fact, she doubted the words had even been invented.  Mostly because she was pretty sure she was the only person to have ever smelled it before, and she wasn’t a language major.
What the hell was her brain actually thinking, conjuring up an animal like this?  Being unconscious seriously sucked.  She watched in horror as the thing began heading her way, making these wet, snuffly noises.  Dream or not, Darcy needed to get the hell out of there.
Trying to remain undetected, she stealthily got to her feet.  So far so good.   Scalylegs MacAntlerface hadn’t noticed her get up.  She quietly crept along the edge of the clearing, trying to keep as far into the brush as she could.  Everything probably would have worked out just fine, had she not stepped on a tiny, insignificant twig just as she reached the gap in the trees.
The minute she heard the sharp snap under her foot, Darcy knew she was toast.  The creature went dead silent, and then she could hear it sniffing the air.  She froze, hoping against hope that it wouldn’t realize she was there.  Just as she was starting to relax, she heard a furious bellow and it came charging right for her.  
“Shit!” she shrieked and ran for the gap in the trees, her hoodie catching on the sma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
Fluff
Smut
Smuff
tasertricks - Freeform
Romance
Slow Burn
Trapped in Asgard
Fluff and Crack

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

