Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You know, I have other things I could be doing tonight…”
Tony Stark shrugged, looking around the library.
“I told you it was going to be boring,” he reminded his friend. “I told you that the man didn’t have anything new to say – even though he’s spouting enough technobabble to be able to pretend to be on the cutting edge of the technology. You said you wanted to come.”
“No,” Rhodey corrected. “I wanted to go to the lecture. I didn’t want to play hide from the press with you by ducking into the library.” He looked around, too, but it was late at night on a Saturday. The place was empty. Which had been Stark’s whole reason for going there when he’d realized that a few people had recognized him at the lecture hall and were following him. “This place is kind of creepy at night, isn’t it?”
“It’s a college library,” Tony pointed out, walking over and glancing out the window into the night. “Libraries are creepy places even in the daytime.”
“You spent plenty of time in them, as I recall.”
“Only because it was the best option, at the time,” Stark replied, walking around, now – more to annoy his friend than out of any desire to look around. “I have FRIDAY, now. I don’t need to go to the library. It’s archaic and… what do we have here…?”
“What?”
Rhodey didn’t miss the change in his friend’s tone. An indication that he’d seen something interesting.
“Shh… come here.”
Now Tony was speaking in a stage whisper, and beckoning Rhodey with his hand, imperiously. The slighter man walked over and looked around the bookshelf to see what Tony was looking at.
“Huh.”
It was a young man, bundled in a sweatshirt sleeping at one of the study tables. There was an open book under his cheek, and a couple of others stacked beside it. They couldn’t see too much of his face, only some brown curls escaping the hood of the sweatshirt.
“Clearly someone doesn’t find it too spooky, does he?” Tony asked.
“Looks pretty comfortable,” Rhodey had to agree.
“Not that comfortable. Let’s wake him up and send him home.”
“Maybe he’s waiting on someone.”
“On a Saturday night?” Tony asked, shaking his head. “He’s not in the library waiting for anyone, believe me.”
The billionaire walked over to the sleeping form, with Rhodey behind him. Rhodes had to admit that he was kind of looking forward to the kid’s reaction when he saw that it was Tony Stark waking him up. He went to the other side of the table and watched while Tony put a hand on the boy’s back and shook him, slightly.
“Hey. Wake up, Sleeping Beauty.”
“Hmm?” the sound was sleepy, and Rhodey smirked. “Five more minutes, May…” the boy mumbled.
Rhodes snorted, amused. Tony rolled his eyes.
“Hey? Kid? Wake up.”
The head came up, suddenly, and the guy – who looked even younger than Rhodey thought – looked around.
“What? What’s wrong?”
“Nothing,” Tony replied, clearly amused at the confusion. “You fell asleep. You should go home before someone starts getting worried.”
“Oh.” He blinked a few times, and looked down at his books – probably to make sure they were still there. “Yeah. Thanks.”
Tony and Rhodey both followed his gaze, and Stark picked up the open book, surprised.
“Advanced Engineering Mathematics?” he read, looking at the kid. “How old are you?”
“Eighteen.”
“Wow.”
“Freshman?” Rhodey asked.
“No, I’m a sophomore.” He realized, then, who he was talking to, and his eyes widened – and Tony decided that his eyes were beautiful. “You’re Tony Stark.”
Tony smiled; everyone liked to be recognized – especially Tony Stark.
“I am. And you are…?”
“Peter Parker. What are you doing here?”
“We came for the lecture,” Rhodey replied.
“Dr. Herbert’s?”
“Yeah.”
“Waste of time,” Peter told them, looking at his watch. “The guy hasn’t had anything new to say in six years – and keeps using the one good idea that he had as a reason to draw people in to pay to listen to him babble-.”
Tony snorted, softly, and looked at Rhodey, triumphantly.
“That was exactly what I was telling my friend, here,” he said. “But he still wanted to go.”
“Yeah, yeah…”
Peter started gathering up his books.
“I’d better go.”
“Need a lift?” Tony asked, suddenly interested in continuing the conversation.
The guy was pretty smart, after all – and cute. And young enough to be his son, his mind added. Maybe even a grandson?
“Oh. No. Thanks.”
“Really?” Rhodey asked, unable to hide his surprise. Who declined a lift from Tony Stark? The kid was obviously intelligent, and an engineering student, and he had to know that Tony was brilliant – and famous, of course. “I mean… we’re probably going whichever way you are.”
“I doubt it,” Peter told them. “But thank you.”
“You got a hot date?” Tony asked, also wondering why the guy seemed suddenly anxious to leave.
Peter snorted, softly, and shook his head.
“I’m going to be late for work,” he replied. “I was just going to do some studying before my shift, but I fell asleep, I gu-“
“Where do you work?” Tony interrupted.
“At the Ralto.”
“The Ralto?” Rhodey echoed. “Never heard of it.”
The boy
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Starker
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
First Time Blow Jobs
First Time Bottoming
a lot of fluff
Wooing
Dancing
Dancer/college student Peter
Tony is Ironman
Mutual Pining
baby corn

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

