Work Text:
  Erik squinted through the wind-shield as they passed another building, the heat of the sun falling on his face as they moved from a bar of chilly shadow into dazzling light. They were in the black mustang, crawling along a side-street in DC: him at the wheel; Raven, an unusual addition sprawled across the back seat like a queen; and Charles in the front passenger seat next to him, in his navy-blue peacoat and fingerless gloves. It was a cold day, with a bite of frost in the air, and to Erik the temperatures worked on the car like a giant fist, slowly squeezing. On the outside the metals contracted and shrank, becoming brittle, but under the hood they expanded from the friction and the heat - the engine itself he saw as a single, ever-shifting mass, a teeming cloud of smaller parts all moving in sequence like a shoal of fish. In contrast, Charles sat frozen still. When Erik glanced across at him to check for developments he took in the air of anticipation about his posture; the way he had his elbow propped up in the window sill and was leaning towards it, with two of his fingers nestled in the greying hair at his temple and his blue eyes glazed over and searching. Kleiner Laufhund, Erik thought, wondering if Charles would hear him or if the beam of his gift were focused elsewhere. They were just about to pass the mouth of an alleyway when Charles suddenly animated; threw out a hand to his bicep and cried: ‘There- there! Stopstopstop!’  He took a sharp right and they pulled into a long, broad-ish alley hemmed in on either side by towering warehouses. It was grimy and bleak, chilled by the blue shadows of the enclosing walls, with sheaves of old newspaper pinwheeling around in the traffic draught like drunken seabirds, and a sliver of street visible in the distance directly ahead where a silhouetted parking meter stood and silently judged them. As he killed the engine Raven leaned forwards over the back of the front seat, to see.'Is this it?'  she asked, disappointment ringing in her voice. 'Charles, you sure we're in the right place?' 
'Yes,' Charles said, as infuriatingly unforthcoming as only an older brother could be, and he pulled on his door handle to get out. As they emerged from the car an attendant bustled up out of nowhere, droning: ‘Sir, you can’t park here-’    Erik dealt with him in his own special way, by waving his hand at the distant parking meter. It exploded in a shower of coins, like a fruit-machine disgorging its payload, and he noticed that Charles failed to suppress a smirk as he stepped in to help, with another touch of his temple and a compelling mutter of 'Oh yes we jolly well can!’   The attendant - suddenly mysteriously blind to their presence - shot off to try and fix the amazing regurgitating meter.Behind him, Erik heard Raven snort. He slowed, to allow her to draw level with him and Charles - who was now dawdling in front of the car hood, with his hands buried deep in his pockets and his feet stomping on the spot to keep warm. 'Tell me that wasn't our guy?’ Raven asked him as she slipped her hand into the crook of her brother's elbow, nodding at the hapless human. Charles grinned and shook his head. ‘Oh no.’Then he looked over, right on cue, and caught Erik's eye. Slipping back into that familiar two-man groove - a tilt of his head in the direction of the open alleyway was all that was needed to communicate a feeling of let's go - and as they went Erik scoped out the litter-strewn terrain ahead, where their breath moved before them in clouds of pearly-white steam. Nestled in between the vast phantom skeletons of plumbing, wiring, and structural metalwork which made up his mental-image of the buildings on either side, he could sense a tiny flyspeck collection of parts - eyelets and zippers - which signalled a human presence. It was the detailing on a pair of bluejeans, up ahead, to the left.     Hmm.
  Coins in the pockets.

  Nickel-plated something. Harmonica?

  And-
Erik frowned.  Something out of place...Again, just as they were about to stride past the entrance of another alley, a soft musical voice came from down at street-level:‘Hey man, got a quarter? ’ And Charles span on his heel, inadvertently pulling Raven around with him.  ‘A quarter?’ He said (Erik could hear the smile in his voice). ‘I can offer you much more than that my friend!’  Erik turned back, but Raven - blessed with a sisterly impatience for her brother's little foibles - tutted and tried to tug Charles along.  ‘Char-arles,’ she moaned in a sing-song voice. ‘Come on! We gotta find this guy.’   ‘Ra-ay-ven,’ Charles replied, mimicking her childish tone. ‘We just have.’ He was smiling down at the floor. Erik followed his gaze and saw-Nothing.There was no one there.  Over his shoulder, he raised an eyebrow at Raven, who looked like she was starting to fear for her brother's sanity. Out loud, he said, ‘Charles, care to share?’   ‘You can't see him,' Charles said, calmly. 'Because he's invisible... Isn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr & Charles Xavier
Raven | Mystique & Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Pre-Slash If You Squint
Erik is not a Happy Bunny
Protective Erik
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Telepathy
Guilty Raven
Guilty Erik
Sad Charles
but also Happy Charles
Angst with a Happy Ending
ish
Fluff
Ficlet
wanton destruction of public property
canon AU

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr & Charles Xavier
Raven | Mystique & Charles Xavier

