Work Text:
“Thank you,” Bucky says, swirling his coffee around in his cup.  He’s ducking his head, hair falling into his eyes, but Steve can’t tell if it’s to hide a wince or a smile—Bucky has a tendency to hide both, these days.  His metal fingers tap against the granite counter top.  What the morse code that he is tapping spells out, however, is beyond Steve’s comprehension.Steve hooks his ankle around Bucky’s underneath the kitchen table and prays that he knows what he’s doing. 
 Bucky buys Steve too-tight undershirts and ace bandages to flatten down any amorphous femininity beneath his shirt.  He cuts off Steve's pigtails over the bathroom sink, slicks back his blond hair with pomade, kisses Steve's forehead and tells him he looks dumb, calls him a swell fella the next morning through a yawn when Steve brings him his coffee—“I’m not sure who I’m supposed to be,” Steve says, looking at himself in the mirror, with Bucky standing behind him.  His skinny arms look almost like his bones are standing through his skin, and he’s always been this way, but his skin feels particularly thin lately, and his bones feel particularly brittle.Bucky reaches around Steve’s body to adjust the way Steve’s sleeves are rolled up past his elbows, fingertips gliding over the fabric and the skin in the same way—like he is smoothing out the sickness between Steve’s cells, like he is inscribing something beautiful into the muscles and ligaments that make up Steve’s body.  Steve’s left sleeve falls again.  Bucky rolls it up another time, and this time it stays.“Who the fuck cares, huh?” he says, resting his chin on top of Steve’s head.  “You’ll be a punk no matter what you do.”And Steve ducks his head, grinning, lets Bucky press a kiss to the nape of his neck, to his jaw— 
 “Trouble sleeping?” Steve asks, sitting in the space next to Bucky that always seems to be vacant for him.  Bucky is looking up at the sky, eyes half lidded, fingers curling around the grass like claws—Steve watches the starlight make strange shadows fall across his face, wishing he knew what was flickering behind those half-open eyes.  He didn’t used to have to strain to read Bucky’s mind.  He didn’t used to have to riddle out Bucky’s thoughts.“Dum-Dum’s snoring got kind of oppressive,” Bucky answers, tearing his eyes away from the stars so he can tip a wry smile in Steve’s direction.Steve huffs a laugh.  He doesn’t wrap an arm around Bucky’s shoulders until Bucky’s head falls onto his shoulder, and even then his touch is still tentative, still hesitant despite the explicit permission.  He doesn’t know what happened in that HYDRA base.  Bucky doesn’t tell him.“The serum,” Bucky says.  “It’s—you look good.”“Different,” Steve agrees.“How do you feel?” Bucky asks.  His face, only half-illuminated by the moonlight, is unreadable.  Steve exhales a breath through his teeth, Bucky’s shoulders underneath his arm not quite solid enough to soothe his worries any, and squints a glance upward at the sky as though it could give him guidance.“Taller,” Steve answers eventually, with a small wince of a smile.  Bucky’s gaze softens visibly.  He curls a hand around the fabric of Steve’s shirt, pushes him onto his back on the grass, and swallows Steve’s noise of surprise when he kisses him hard, as though trying to prove something. 
 Bucky startles at the movement, but he doesn’t protest Steve’s foot resting against his own, just clutches his coffee cup a little tighter and watches Steve with wary eyes.  Steve hates himself for resenting that wariness—it is an open wound, that Bucky does not trust him yet, but it should not have been his open wound; his chest was not split open, mud was not packed between his ribs.  Bucky has every right to bleed.  (Steve still looks down at his open palms and sees red.)“Was I ever in love?” Bucky asks suddenly, and Steve very nearly chokes on his mouthful of coffee.  “If there’s a girl I’m meant to be mourning, I want to know,” Bucky persists, as though Steve hasn’t had a close brush with asphyxiation right before his eyes.  His foot twitches against Steve’s under the table.“There wasn’t a girl,” Steve coughs.  “Why…?”Bucky’s gaze is sharp and discerning as his eyes flick back and forth between Steve’s.“There was,” he says, right hand gripping the counter behind him in a white-knuckled grasp.  “A girl.  A small blonde girl.”Steve’s stomach drops, heart pounding alarm through his veins— 
 —Bucky’s mouth warm and familiar as it drags over his skin.  Steve makes a small, soft noise, turning away from the bathroom mirror to wind his arms around Bucky’s neck and drag him into a real kiss.  Bucky presses him against the sink, hands steady at Steve’s skinny hips, and kisses him, as he always has, with a thorough kind of desperation.  Steve lets him nestle himself between his legs, the sound of their belt buckles clinking together making him gasp a breathless laugh as Bucky sucks his lower lip between his own.“Are you gonna fuck me against the bathroom s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
FtM Steve
Transgender themes
mlm author
Trans Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

