Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Harry Potter was the envy of young wizards the world over. He appeared to have it all. He had prestige and respect not only from having been the man to defeat Voldemort, but also thanks to the rapid success he’d enjoyed as an auror. He was only 22 years old but was already widely acknowledged as the top performer of Britain’s aurors and the inevitable future head of the department whenever he decided he was ready to step back from a more physically active role. His rising star wasn’t due to any nepotism from his fame as the slayer of Voldemort either; even his fiercest and most envious rivals in the department had to admit that he’d earned every accolade with his performance.Magically he had more power and knowledge than most wizards two or three times his age, and thanks to public interest in him as well as his job performance he was also quickly restocking the Potter Gringotts vault that had diminished somewhat in the years since his parents were murdered. Harry truly did have the world at his feet. He had it all.All, that is, except for a woman to come home to at the end of the day. There was no shortage of women who would kill for a chance to bed the famous Harry Potter, but he hadn’t taken advantage of even one such opportunity. His bed had been empty for the last month and a half, ever since the woman he’d believed to be the love of his life had walked out on him. He’d been feeling down in the dumps ever since, and even Ginny’s own brother Ron had pulled him aside and urged him to put it behind him and get on with his life. That was easier said than done though. It had been weeks, but he could still remember that day like it had been yesterday.--
“I’m really sorry, Harry,” Ginny said, smiling at him sadly. “This is for the best, for both of us. I know you’ll find someone who’s more compatible with you someday, and it’ll make you both happier.”

“Compatible?” he said blankly. His mind was still reeling, unable to comprehend the reality of the bomb she’d dropped on him not even an hour ago. “What does that mean? What did I do wrong?”

“Oh, Harry, you didn’t do anything wrong!” she insisted. “We’re just not, not right for each other, you know?”

“How?” he pressed. “How are we not right for each other?”

“Please don’t make me say it,” she said quietly, shaking her head.

“I want to know, Ginny,” he said, stronger now. “I think I deserve the truth.” She hung her head and sighed. Then, finally, she met his searching eyes.

“You’re just not…exciting enough for me,” she whispered.

“What?” he shook his head, sure he’d misheard her. “I killed Voldemort! And now I’m an auror; I fight dangerous dark wizards all the time! What’s boring about that?”

“Your job isn’t boring,” she agreed. “But then you come home, and you don’t want to do anything. I want to go out, go places, see things and talk to people, but you always just want to stay here and not go anywhere.”

“I can’t go anywhere without being mobbed by people,” he pointed out. “That’s not fair.”

“Maybe it isn’t,” she acknowledged. “But it’s not fair to me to stay cooped up in here every night because you’re so famous, either.”

“So we’ll go places, then,” he said. “It might be hard since I can’t go anywhere without people stopping me to shake my hand and thank me for saving them, but I can put it up with it if you can.”

“It’s not just that,” she said, shaking her head and frowning. “We’re also not compatible in bed.”

“In bed?” That wasn’t a complaint he was expecting to hear. He knew he was pretty well-endowed, and he liked to think he was a very unselfish lover. In fact, he deliberately held himself back and didn’t pursue so many of the more depraved ideas that popped into his head out of respect for her and the things she’d experienced in the past..

“Yeah,” she said. She was looking at him sympathetically, but now that they were down this road she wasn’t shying away from telling her how she felt and why she was walking away from him. “Sex with you is…nice, Harry, don’t get me wrong. But sometimes I just want more, you know? You’re too timid in bed, and the sex is a little too plain. Some girls love that, and just want to be cuddled and kissed and loved every night. But I want a guy who isn’t afraid to be adventurous in bed, and that’s just not who you are. I need someone who can get dirty with me sometimes, and you’re just too noble for that.”
--“Too noble,” he spat, angry with both her and himself back in the present day. He wasn’t nearly as noble as she thought he was. He’d had so many fantasies that would have shocked her, but he’d kept them bottled up inside, afraid he would scare her off. Instead it had had the opposite effect, and she’d left him because she found sex with him to be too boring. He wanted to tell her the truth in that moment, to show her that his tastes weren’t nearly as vanilla as she’d come to believe they were, but the words wouldn’t come. She’d always thought of him as a noble, self-sacrificing hero, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Astoria Greengrass/Harry Potter
Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Narcissa Black Malfoy/Harry Potter
Pansy Parkinson/Harry Potter
Astoria Greengrass/Narcissa Black Malfoy
Astoria Greengrass/Daphne Greengrass
Harry Potter/Mrs Greengrass
Gabrielle Delacour/Harry Potter
Gabrielle Delacour/Daphne Greengrass

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Mildly Dubious Consent
Blackmail
Sexual Slavery
Light BDSM
Paddling
Vaginal Sex
Maledom/Femsub
Rough Oral Sex
Facials
Anal Sex
Cuckolding
Public Sex
Bathroom Sex
Public Hand Jobs
Gags
Asphyxiation
Femdom
Spanking
Face-Sitting
Threesome - F/F/M
Face Slapping
Choking
Sibling Incest
Violence
Parent/Child Incest
Foursome - F/F/F/M

fandom: 
Astoria Greengrass/Harry Potter
Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Narcissa Black Malfoy/Harry Potter
Pansy Parkinson/Harry Potter
Astoria Greengrass/Narcissa Black Malfoy
Astoria Greengrass/Daphne Greengrass
Harry Potter/Mrs Greengrass
Gabrielle Delacour/Harry Potter
Gabrielle Delacour/Daphne Greengrass

