Work Text:

Does he ever shut up?
Tony’s expression remained blandly interested, despite his desire to snigger at Lazarus’ dry, exasperated comment. Something must have shown in his eyes though, because they suddenly found themselves on the end of one of Carol’s ‘don’t you dare’ looks and he shuffled a bit further down into his slouch, giving her an innocent look in return.Not really, he said in reply to the black cat sitting on the table in front of him.Lazarus’ tail twitched and he audibly yawned. Pity.Tony ignored the disapproving look from Rogers and his little sycophants and gave Carol a ‘cats, what can you do’ shrug, to which she rolled her eyes, her lips twitching with a sympathetic smile. Since Goose was sitting on her lap, staring at Rogers with a particularly unnerving sort of intent, he imagined she understood that cats will cat and good luck to anyone trying to make them stop. He did reach out and run his hand down Lazarus’ back, causing the cat to arch into his touch and purr. No one was sure when or how animals became able to bond with humans. Certainly, there were records of it all throughout history, both written and oral, so it was something that had been around for a very long time. It had been rare at first but these days, about a third of the population had some sort of bonded companion animal. There was a lot of debate about what, precisely, made a human able to bond with an animal but there had never been any sort of consensus from the scientific community. It certainly didn’t seem to have anything to do with character or whether you were a ‘good’ or ‘bad’ person and the prevailing theory these days was that it had something to do with the bonded pair needing each other.Tony didn’t have an opinion either way. All he knew was that he would be eternally grateful that Lazarus had sauntered into the HYDRA bunker in Siberia and poked, prodded and generally annoyed him into rescuing himself. The cat wouldn’t say how he’d gotten to the bunker and Tony had stopped asking. It didn’t really matter.He did however find the cat’s chosen name amusing, not the least because he’d done his own Lazarus act in the wake of his rescue. The damage done by the two super soldiers had been worse than he’d initially thought. The cold and his shock over the day’s revelations had numbed him to the physical damage until he’d gotten to the hospital. That was when the physical damage had really made itself known. And the physical damage had been… bad. Very bad. Very, very bad. He’d spent the better part of a week in Helen Cho’s Cradle and had only gotten out of that with all his extremities intact because Pepper had authorised the use of Extremis.I think Goose is contemplating eating him, Lazarus said idly.
He’d give him indigestion.

True but it’d also solve a lot of problems.
He looked over at Carol’s cat and Goose turned to give him what he could only call a smug look. He was never sure what to make of Goose. He adored the flerken but he could also be deeply unnerving. However, Goose liked him, so he’d always been determined not to worry too much.
Tell Goose he’s not allowed to eat Rogers, no matter how much he deserves it.

Spoilsport.
If I’m not allowed to punch Rogers, Goose isn’t allowed to eat him, Tony countered.As he watched, Goose huffed and flicked him a glance before turning back to continue that deeply disturbing way of staring at Rogers. Tony was just disappointed that Rogers was too oblivious to see it. Romanov had and she had been twitching slightly for the last fifteen minutes. Wilson was looking worried and Barton looked like he wanted to climb the walls. It was rather entertaining.
Why does he keep giving you forlorn looks?
Tony didn’t ask who because he already knew. Rogers gave him those looks every time they crossed paths, something which unfortunately happened far too frequently for Tony’s liking. He knew Rogers would have said something as well, probably some half-assed attempt at an apology like the ludicrous letter he’d sent, except that Lazarus kept yowling every time Rogers came near. He didn’t hiss or snarl or lash out with his claws or try to bite but he did yowl. Very loudly. Very, very loudly.
He wants me to forgive him. Right now. So that he can feel better about himself.
There was a long silence from the cat and Lazarus joined Goose in staring at Rogers.
Is he an idiot?

Jury’s out.

Does he know that forgiveness doesn’t work that way?
Tony snorted. Of course not. He’s Captain America, don’t you know? He’s the paragon of truth, justice and all things that are good. If he says he’s right, then everyone must kowtow before him and agree. And I’m being mean and petty by not forgiving him because he’s said he’s sorry. He didn’t mean it, of course, but he said the word ‘sorry’ so that’s all that matters.There was another long silence. I think Goose should eat him.
You and me both but that would annoy Carol.
Ugh. Lazarus sighed. I suppose he can remain uneaten then.
Carol is a scary, scary
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
The Rogues are back
No one is happy about that
bonded animals
Meetings Are Boring
even with cats
or flerkens
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Moderated lightly for my peace of mind
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
