Chapter 1: what is your name
    


Notes:
hi, just some minor editing spelling and stuff like that.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

In a world where soulmates exist, it is believed that about 60% of the world’s population has one or more marks. There are two kinds of Soul mark categories, one is called a Born Mark, and the other is called an Emerged Mark. 

The Born Mark is a mark that someone is born with or gets when one’s soul mate is born, they have a black color and they are the first words your soulmate says to someone in their handwriting. The Emerged Mark is the same, with the exception that it has a silver color; this mark only occurs when you make a big and important decision that changes one’s life. Both marks can be romantic or platonic, if you are romantic soulmates it requires that you have sex with your soulmate while the marks touching, skin to skin.

A romantic soulmate is usually stronger than the platonic bond, which is like a best friend. A romantic soulmate is one where you can feel your soulmate if they need you, or are in danger, or are just happy. It runs a lot on emotions and can be difficult to handle for many. In the romantic soulmates dynamic, there is always a Dominant and Submissive, mostly it is the submissive who has the most difficulty adjusting to the bond, but the dominant can also have a hard time.

                                                   


Skye was sitting in her van, she had just uploaded her latest post, and was tracing her mark on her right ribcage, it was an Emerged Mark she got when she was 12, back on the 17th of February in 2007. When she was looking for a document for the head nun, in the head nun’s office and found a note with her name on it that referred to a document that CPS would have, she decided she wanted to know what it was; it could be her parents or at least a clue or a reason as to why she was growing up in the system.

But it had turned out to be a redacted document from an organization named SHIELD that came out of the shadows last year, September 27th, 2012, the day after the battle of New York.      

When her van door was opened with a flash and everything went dark. She managed to see a middle-aged man with a friendly smile and a quick glimpse of a younger man as he threw a black hood thing over her head and hurled her out of her van, he then handcuffed her hands behind her back. 

Sometime later, she is thrown down on a metal chair and her hands are clasped to something cold and the hood is torn from her head, she sees that it is a metal table that her hands were handcuffed too. The middle-aged man is there still with that smile of his and so is the young man, but he is looking like he did not want to be there or he would like to beat someone up, Skye could not tell.

“Hi, sorry for Agent Ward, he doesn’t like your group very much. My name is Coulson, what is your name?” friendly smile said. 

Skye just looked at, friendly smile, no, Coulson, for a moment, until she could feel that the Ward? guy got annoyed. 

“Skye,” she simply said. 

She heard a huff from behind her and then, “What is your 

real name?

” from Ward, and he actually stressed the words real name, what an idiot, Skye thought. 

“That doesn’t matter right now, we need something else from you, another name, a hooded hero,” Coulson said, interrupting Skye and Ward.

“I don’t know what you mean, I don’t know who you are talking about,” She said looking at Coulson and all but ignoring Ward’s glaring. Ward said something about her and her type and how they like to stir up things and then run, so Skye and Ward went back and forward, until Coulson told Ward to follow him.

When they returned to the room, Coulson had what looked like a gun with some liquid in a vial, that Ward said, while looking smug, was a truth serum, and that they would inject her with. Instead, Coulson injected it into Ward, then he left, but not before he took the handcuffs off of Skye and told her she could ask Ward whatever she wanted.

Of course, Skye knew of this serum from all her hacking of SHIELD and she also knew that it didn’t work, but she thought she could have some fun with this Ward dude and Coulson. When she was done with Ward, she went to find Coulson. When she did, he asked how it went with Ward and they talked for a moment, until Coulson showed her security footage of the hooded hero attacking a man. After Skye saw that, she agreed to help them.

It all ended at Union Station where Mike Peterson was saved from exploding and was taken into SHIELD so they could help him, and Ace, his son, went to live with his aunt. Coulson offered Skye a spot on his team that she said yes to.  

The next day she was packing her van, when she was done, she went inside the BUS, that was really a plane, and she met Simmons and Fitz in the cargo hold. Both of them helped her with her stuff. Agent May said that there were five minutes ‘til takeoff and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bobbi Morse/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Maria Hill
Victoria Hand/Isabelle Hartley
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Sharon Carter & Maria Hill & Skye Daisy Johnson
Sharon Carter/Maria Hill/Skye Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Wolf serum
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Wolf Pack
Wolf AU
Found Family
hidden memories
Cross-Posted on FanFiction.Net

fandom: 
Bobbi Morse/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Maria Hill
Victoria Hand/Isabelle Hartley
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Sharon Carter & Maria Hill & Skye Daisy Johnson
Sharon Carter/Maria Hill/Skye Daisy Johnson

