Work Text:
 “Say you’re mine,” Erik growls into Charles’ neck, pinning the smaller man by his neck and his hip. Charles makes an indescribably delicious noise, repeating as it causes Erik’s hard cock to throb against his backside, between layers of clothes. “Say you’re mine.”“Erik, please,” Charles gasps.“Say it,” Erik murmurs, biting Charles’ nape gently, not enough to hurt but enough to make the over-sensitised man cry out.“P-please, Erik, I’m yours, I’m yours, always,” he sobs, wriggling like he’s almost trying to get away, and God Erik likes that, he likes Charles desperate, his Alpha hindbrain making him growl menacingly and the Omega stills beneath him, panting.“Mine,” Erik whispers, biting into the firm muscle of Charles’ shoulder. Charles yelps but it quickly turns into a groan as Erik sneaks a hand round to the front of his jeans and presses hard right on Charles’ restricted cock.“Please Erik, please p-please, I need you, I need,” Charles’ voice gives out and Erik lowers his barriers enough for Charles to continue mentally, stretched out and fucked and completely taken, need you so big in me, please .Unable to help himself, Erik grinds once more against Charles’ amazing arse before pulling away and delivering a light smack where the denim’s stretched tight. He means it as a simple command to move, he’s not prepared for Charles’ desperate whimper and endless blue eyes looking back at him over a shoulder bearing the vicious red impressions of Erik’s teeth.“Oh,” Erik whispers, eyes wide. “You like that.”Charles tucks his head back into his arms but his ears are pink.“You do,” Erik marvels, wondering how on Earth Charles could get more perfect. He runs his hands over the tense fabric. “Do you want me to spank you, Charles? Will it get you all wet, if I do this?”He brings his hand down with a crack on one cheek and Charles makes a tiny noise, his entire body jerking. With every open-palmed smack, Charles’ noises get louder, until he’s gasping loudly and Erik can feel the squishiness which means Charles is very, very, very wet.“Erik,” Charles gasps, half-turning his head so he can peek at the other man with one bright blue eye. The Alpha looks composed, but he’s emitting a tornado of emotion past his barriers. Charles wonders distantly if he knows he’s doing it. “Please.”“Please what?” Erik asks, idly landing two more slaps to each cheek. Charles’ back arches without his permission and he tips even further forward, his arse right up in the air. He’s so hot he can barely think.“Please fuck me, please knot me, Alpha,” he whimpers helplessly.“Fuck,” Erik breathes, closing his eyes for a long moment. It takes all his control not to come in his pants right there.Charles whines softly as his jeans undo themselves and Erik tugs them down along with his underwear. He steps away for a moment to undress himself and Charles nearly bursts into tears at the fresh wave of heat-pain caused by the loss of contact.“Shh, shh,” Erik soothes, sliding his warm arm around Charles’ middle and pressing them skin-to-skin and Charles feels a little clearer.He jolts as fingers slip around his hole and Erik laughs softly in his ear.
“You’re so wet,” he muses as he circles Charles’ hole, disregarding the desperate attempts to get his fingers inside. “Do you want me to fuck you, little Omega?”“Yes, yes, yes,” Charles sighs, bucking mindlessly to get something, anything, inside him – and then he and Erik both groan as two long thick fingers slide effortlessly all the way to the knuckle.Erik feels his dick throb unbearably as he registers the hot, open wetness of Charles, so soft and slick and so obviously capable of taking him immediately, tip to root without pause, opening and pulsing and throbbing around him. He doesn’t realise he’s broadcasting until Charles gasps,“Yes, that, all of it, Erik, please, Jesus Christ-”And he’s clenching, his pink slick hole opening and closing around absolutely nothing, Erik growls at the sight because his dick should be in there, he needs his dick in there. Charles should never be empty again.If he was an unkind Alpha, he’d let Charles go on like this for hours, possibly; all flushed and begging and frantic, slick spilling all down his legs; he’d lick Charles out torturously and finger him until he lost his voice, he’d screamed so much-But Erik’s not an unkind Alpha and he’s too desperate to tease.So he lines himself up and leans forward, breathing over Charles’ ear and murmuring,“Are you ready?”“Yes, yes, I’m so ready, please, Erik – ah!”God, Erik could get used to hearing that sound every day. Alpha and Omega hang in the balance as the rim of Charles’ hole stretches tight around the head of Erik’s dick, and Charles reaches with his mind and Erik lets him in, a sudden rush of; ah, oh God, so big, you’re so big, faster, harder, deeper, fuck, need to be stretched, so good, Erik!He moans and his hips stutter. Charles’ rim settles around him with an inaudible pop and Erik accidentally slides balls-deep in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
PWP
literally no plot
just 1500 words of smut
Alpha/Omega
Omega Charles
Alpha Erik
Knotting
Dirty Talk
Biting
Spanking
Size Kink
Anal Fingering
Desperation
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Legit No Plot Here
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Possessive Erik
I have No Excuse

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

