Work Text:
"Sir."Tony immediately glances up from the screen in front of him. "Yeah, buddy?"He might be feeling less-than-grand at the moment, might be haunted by thought that he is currently dying, that his life us slipping through his fingers even as he feverishly - and sadly unsuccessfully - tries to find a solution for the thing that is keeping him alive also apparently killing him. But. Palladium poisoning or not, living on borrowed time or not, his life falling apart around him as he watches or not, it quite simply does not matter what might be going on with him, what might be happening in his life, he will always have time for JARVIS and his bots. There is no universe where he ever wouldn't.That phrase JARVIS so likes to bring out whenever Tony is feeling particularly down? The 'For you, Sir? Always.'? A phrase that soothes Tony's soul like nothing else on this planet? Well, it most certainly goes both ways."A concern has been flagged during one of the newly implemented, iterative background checks," JARVIS promptly provides.Tony raises his eyebrows, focus fully on JARVIS.Background checks for all of his employees have long-since been standard procedure, fully automated, performed without any additional input from Tony. No one gets hired without a background check, that’s always simply been part of SI’s policy. But after the whole thing with Obie, JARVIS had also asked for some additional protocols for regular and repeated in-depth background checks of SI’s employees. Because, apparently, checking and clearing someone once, isn’t anywhere near enough.Once the two of them had dug into SI's ledgers, it had become apparent that Obie's under-the-table-dealings had been so wide-spread, had been going on for decades at that point, and had been so incredibly lucrative, that just a simple glance at his godfather's accounts would have promptly sent up red flags about something fishy going on. If only they had thought to check on someone they had thought they could trust.If only.And, dear lord, just how screwed up is Tony’s perception of people for him not to even realize that someone he considered family apparently hated him enough to want him dead. And not in the figurative way but in the hire-someone-to-kill-him-and-then-deciding-to-finish-the-job-once-they-failed way.Well, if nothing else, it clearly means that his people instincts have gotten entirely wonky at some point and simply cannot be relied on to tell him who to trust.So, when JARVIS had asked for new procedures to be put in place, for new protocols to better check anyone coming near him and his, Tony had of course agreed. Like he'd ever refuse Jarv anything he asks for. Better to do regular checks on everyone around Tony and those he truly holds dear, better to be certain that no one around them has had a change of heart where their wellbeing is concerned. Better to be safe than sorry.But still, usually JARVIS just does these things in the background, never feeling the need to bring it up with Tony in any way. Well, unless he found something fishy, of course.“I take it something less-than-squeaky-clean popped up. So, whose sordid background are we talking about here?” he asks, waggling his eyebrows. “And, most importantly, how salacious is it? Should I be getting myself some popcorn to go with the story?”Although, any and all humor abruptly vanishes from his mind with JARVIS’ reply. “The flag was raised by Miss Rushman’s background check, Sir.”Tony’s brain immediately skips to the fiery redhead that Pepper picked up as her new PA. His eyes narrow. There is far less amusement in his voice when he says, “And I ask again, exactly how sordid?”"It would appear that Miss Rushman is in fact one Natasha Romanova, also known by the codename Black Widow, originally from Russia, specifically trained in infiltration, espionage, and assassinations, and also a known SHIELD agent."Tony blinks.A second.Then, immediate, utter fury burns through him.
SHIELD sent an assassin to infiltrate SI? An assassin to take up a spot at Pep's side?
Tony's teeth clench. Because SHIELD putting one of theirs right into Pep's shadow, that'S most certainly meant as a threat. It doesn't even matter whether this is supposed to be a direct or indirect threat, whether they truly mean Pepper harm or whether it's just to tell Tony that they can get to his loved ones if they want to. He doesn't care whether they wanted him to ever find out, whether the Russian is - and this is the most likely scenario - only using Pepper to get closer to him.It makes absolutely no difference to him.No one uses his friends, against Tony or otherwise. No one.He feels the red-hot fury burning through him turn into an ice-cold seething sort of rage instead, makes himself breathe through it.His eyes narrow.SHIELD should simply know better.Because, no one touches Tony's friends. Everyone, everywhere has learned that particular lesson by now. There is a reason why - despite Tony being who he is - nothing ever hap
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Tony Stark
Friendship
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

