Work Text:
Peter sighed as he sorted through his backpack, deciding which books to put in his locker and which ones to take to his next classes. The day had been long already and it wasn’t even halfway over. Ned had been home sick all week and it made the days pass even slower than usual – especially lunch break seemed to last a lifetime, as MJ didn’t seem much for conversation these past days (or most days, really). It made for quite a few boredom-inducing hours. 
“Peter, I have your shirt.” If it weren’t for his spider sense, he would have jumped when the voice pulled him out of his thoughts. As it was, he merely closed his locker and turned around to find Cindy in front of him, one arm full of books and the other holding her phone. 
“What?” 
“Your shirt,” she repeated, “for decathlon. We ordered team shirts, remember?” 
Peter frowned. He only vaguely remembered that the subject had been brought up once a couple of weeks ago. “Did we decide on that already?” 
“Well, we – as in, the ones who showed up to practice the last two weeks – did.” She raised her eyebrows accusingly and Peter shrank a bit under her gaze. It was true, he’d skipped twice in the last weeks – usually he tried to make it at least every two weeks, if not every week, but sometimes crime was just not obeying his regular hours. It wasn't like that was his fault.
“Right. Look, I’m really sorry –“
Cindy rolled her eyes and cut him off, shaking her head in fond exasperation, as if she got used to Peter's antics and decided she was okay with them. “It’s alright. I mean, you’re still one of our strongest contenders, even if you miss practice. What I’d really like to know is why MJ just lets you off the hook like that.”
“I don’t know?” He really didn’t know, but he had a suspicion that MJ knew something was up with him, maybe even that she knew about his second identity – but so far they had some sort of unspoken agreement that none of them would address it. 
Cindy eyed him warily. “Even for one of us nerds you’re pretty weird.” 
“Uh, thanks. I guess.” Peter cleared his throat. “So, where’s my shirt?” 
“Just come by my place this afternoon, alright? Bring ten dollars. Ned signed for it in your name.” 
“Can’t you just bring it to practice tomorrow?” He’d planned to go on patrol; the weather was nice enough and criminals really seemed to have it out for crime these past weeks. 
“The practice you never show up to?” Cindy countered. “No. Also, you should be wearing it tomorrow to practice so we can take a nice group photo of us, so you need to try it on before that. And maybe give it a wash or something.” She shrugged.
Peter sighed. “Okay. Is five alright with you? I have my, um, my internship afterwards.” He rubbed his neck, hoping that Cindy wouldn’t ask too many questions about it. He definitely wouldn’t be able to come up with satisfying answers, especially not without Ned there to back him up.
“They really give you a lot of work there, huh?” Cindy studied his face critically. Peter felt like he was under a microscope and was 100% sure he looked guilty. For the hundredth time that week, he wished Ned were back at school. 
“Um, yeah. Lots to do.” 
Cindy met his eyes. “Five it is, then. See you, Peter.” She smiled and retreated. The day seemed to pass even slower after that.
 
At three minutes to five, Peter rang Cindy’s doorbell. She lived in a fancy apartment complex which meant that Peter had already had an awkward interaction with the building’s concierge at the front desk. He’d been to Cindy’s before; they had held extra practices there a couple of times over the last two years. She had an adorable little sister and a mum who always brought them snacks during question rounds. 
Peter heard footsteps approach and soon after, Cindy opened her door. 
“Punctual for once?” Cindy smiled, and Peter smiled back at her. “Come in. The shirts are in my room, you know where that is. I’ll just go and get myself a glass of water.” She took off towards the kitchen. 
Peter took off his shoes and walked into the third room on the left, which he remembered to be Cindy’s. She had redecorated since he’d seen her room last; her desk was bigger, though still scattered with schoolwork, and she now had a walk-in closet, half of which seemed to be occupied by folders filled with schoolwork from the past years. Cindy never threw anything out, claiming she might be able to use it one day. As far as he was aware, that day hadn't come yet.
“Alright then, let’s see.” Cindy joined him in her room and put her glass on her dresser, consulting a list in her hand, searching for Peter’s name.
“Ah, I remember – Ned accidentally put you down as an XL, but I figured he messed up because there’s no way that’s your size, right?” Cindy looked up at him, looking for his agreement on Ned’s obvious mistake, but Peter flushed.  
 “Um, no. XL would be great.” 
Cindy met his eyes and frowned. “Peter, that’s the same size as Ned. No offense, but you’re a skinny twig. You could probably wear my
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Cindy Moon & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Humor
BAMF Peter Parker
Awkwardness
Body Image
peter parker is enhanced and it shows
aka cindy sees him shirtless and needs to handle that info lmao
technically we can ignore civil war and everything beyond that
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Friendship
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Cindy Moon & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

