Chapter 1



Notes:
Thank you, I love you, I'm so pleased to see you again, and I wouldn't be embarking on another one of these things without you. Now that's taken care of... THIS IS A SEQUEL! IF YOU HAVEN'T READ PART ONE (AFFINITY WAR), GET THE HELL OUTTA HERE AND COME BACK ONCE YOU HAVE!We're picking things up from the end of Far From Home. That very day, in fact, meaning Peter's identity has just been exposed by that joker over at The Daily Bugle. The timeline of my personal canon goes: Avengers: Infinity War (but Thanos was defeated and nothing got dusty), then Affinity War, then Spider-Man: Far From Home (but Peter and MJ were already dating, per AW), and now Boyfri(endgame). All I really need for you to accept before we begin is that Tony and Nat are alive (fuck off, Avengers: Endgame, you didn't make the timeline) and that Spideychelle definitely banged their way across Europe.Oh, and I hope you all remember the rule about no endnotes.Let's go.




Chapter Text
I“Love, am I right?”Happy nodded, chewing his toast, then wiping crumbs from his beard with finger and thumb.“This is burnt,” he pointed out, lifting the toast for MJ’s inspection.“It wasn’t for you in the first place.”He shrugged and took another, more careful bite, trying not to let the charred edge poke him in the roof of his mouth again.“I might know May significantly better than I know you―”“She told me you’re Facebook friends.”“Twitter now too.”“May tweets? Huh. Did not know that.”“Anyway,” MJ pressed on, leaning back against the kitchen counter, “I think the Crown Jewels vault was exactly the kind of high-pressure situation in which a person shows their true colours. So, I’d like to conclude, to your relief―”“My relief?” Happy appeared deeply alarmed.“Ask your boss about the importance of making a good impression on me.”“Will do.”“I’d like to conclude,” she repeated, “that I have a good feeling about you. I’m rooting for you. Even if things have just gone thoroughly to hell and your girlfriend is the one person in this apartment who doesn’t know you’re in love with her.”Happy sighed in an acknowledgement seemingly of mixed emotions.“Love,” MJ repeated, understanding completely.“Now, wait a minute,” he said as his face shifted into a suspicious frown. “Does that mean you and Peter have―”“Been honest about how we feel? Built a relationship around open lines of communication? Possessed enough self-awareness to not only recognize but―”“HEY, ARE YOU GUYS GONNA HELP?” Peter shouted from down the hall.“YEAH, BABE,” MJ called back.Happy gave her the fed-up expression her boyfriend told her she should expect from him.“Finish your toast.”He stuffed it grumpily into his mouth.When they stuck their heads into May’s bedroom, May flipped her hair back and squinted, in the middle of dragging a box.“Wha―?! Are you eating? Helping, Happy, helping.”Happy glared at MJ, but she meant what she said about rooting for him, so she was willing to take his side.“We were just using up the end of the loaf you had. It’s not like you’re going to pack it and we didn’t want there to be any waste,” she supplied.“Oh, well, thank you, honey,” May said with a tired smile. “Wanna help me move the mattress?”“Whoa, whoa, no.” Peter’s voice came from the closet. He emerged, tripping, with an armful of hangers; MJ gave her idiot a fond smile. “May, we’re not moving the mattress.”“You’re not moving the mattress,” Happy confirmed, rolling up his shirtsleeves to lift the box May kicked his way.“They can put that in storage for us or something,” Peter suggested. “There are mattresses at the compound.”“So I can’t even sleep in my own bed?!” May demanded. Visibly exasperated, she sunk onto the bed and put her head in her hands.Happy and MJ exchanged a look. Reassuring May through the transition from regular life to a hasty move into the Upstate compound because the world had just found out her nephew was Spider-Man was boyfriend territory. Happy set his box back down and approached his girlfriend with a compassionate expression. Peter discarded the hangers and flipped over the half-packed contents of his aunt’s room. Interlacing their fingers, MJ used her other hand to shut the door of May’s bedroom behind them. They headed to Peter’s room.“Ms. Romanoff’s already in the city undercover,” Peter informed her as he crammed his backpack to max capacity, “so she’s gonna be dropping her SUV off and finding her own way back to the compound. She said something about trawling the Financial District for luxury cars parked in tow away zones and how the ‘arrogant shitheads’ who own them have it coming.”“Badass,” MJ murmured. She plucked a deconstructed cardboard box off the stack Peter had gotten from Mr. Delmar’s reopened store on their way back to the apartment and started folding and taping it into shape.“Happy and May will take the SUV and fill it with as much stuff as it’ll hold... and as much as we’ve got packed by the time it gets here. And they’ll have to pack it themselves, and fast, b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
background May Parker/Happy Hogan
background Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
background Betty Brant/Ned Leeds

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Far From Home
all our usual post-Infinity War denial
aka everybody lived and it was totally fine
this is the sequel to my fic Affinity War
so if something was true then it's true now
may I offer you a large slice of:
Established Relationship
Peter didn't choose the Compound life - he was exiled there because he's wanted for murder
just Spidey things
feelings parkour!
(that's an MJ thing)
June Jones rides again
spies already know too much (so please keep the details of your sex life to yourself)
CondomGate
does quoting French philosophers ALWAYS qualify as flirting?
Cindy gives good advice but is also very Jumpy™
Felonies for Beginners
spiders gotta stick together
MJ's kink
a very horny birthday in 2 acts
Protective Peter Parker
Sexting
Brad Davis Ambush Party
Phone Sex
a home run in every sense of the term
Hurt/Comfort
sir those are my emotional support couch-cuddles
what's Peter packing? (it's clothes you perves)
Identity Reveal
bespoke B.A.R.F.

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
background May Parker/Happy Hogan
background Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
background Betty Brant/Ned Leeds

