Chapter 1: The Art of Magic
    




Chapter Text
 

The air was warm the morning after their wedding. It was the soft, floral scent wisping through the room that had eventually roused Amelia from her comfortable slumber, and when she blinked her eyes open, they adjusted to the glow of sunlight that streamed in through the curtains hanging from the bed posts.

 

It was the perfect thing to wake up to. The dull ache in her muscles reminded her of the enthusiastic night of passion she and Loki had shared together, and just thinking about it brought a lazy, tired smile to her face.

 

Loki was there beside her, still drifting amidst the blissful unaware, sprawled out across the huge bed; if Amelia had moved even an inch, it would probably have been enough to jostle him awake, but the sight of him looking so peaceful and open in his state of repose was enough to keep her as still as possible. It was a surprise that the sound of her sigh when she’d opened her eyes hadn’t been enough to wake him, like it had many times before.

 

Perhaps it was because Loki felt truly secure within the palace of New Asgard, and thus allowed himself to relax more easily, or perhaps it was the many rounds of sex from the previous night, in addition to the exciting day they’d had, that left him utterly spent.

 

Either way, Amelia was thankful for the quiet moments she could spy upon Loki’s tranquil face without his knowledge. He looked so damn 

adorable 

when his eyebrows weren’t furrowed, like how they seemed to permanently be while he was awake - not that it made him any less attractive, of course. Her 

husband 

was the most gorgeous of men.

 

The realisation that she could actually call him that now was enough to coax a giggle from her throat. 

Husband. 

They were 

married. 

Amelia could have jumped for joy if her muscles didn’t protest the idea.

 

A quiet snort from Loki indicated his stirring, and Amelia smoothed her palm out over his bare chest, leaning over to gently kiss the corner of his mouth. Then, as an afterthought, she ran a teasing finger around one of his nipples.

 

It prompted him to shiver and inhale a deep breath, and before Amelia could process it, her hand was snatched up and held above her head, and her husband was poised above her on all fours, a languid desire shining in the beautiful green hue of his eyes.

 

“You really want to get me going again?” Loki murmured, his voice rather raw from having just awoken, and it sent a pleasing tingle down Amelia’s spine.

 

“Mm. Wouldn’t mind it,” Amelia whispered an inviting taunt, despite the pain in her muscles. There was something exhilarating about the prospect of fucking her husband all night and all day, she suspected her pregnancy hormones were to blame. Either that, or she was still living off the high of tying the knot with the man she loved.

 

A throaty chuckle escaped Loki, and down he leant, kissing Amelia’s lips with surprising gentleness. It only fuelled Amelia’s need, she found it so alluring how one night he could be all about visceral pleasure, and the next morning he would be peppering soft kisses over his lover’s body, proving that he was the best of both worlds.

 

“As much as I would love to have you again right now, over and over till your entire body is trembling and oversensitive-” from the smirk on his face, Amelia knew he was trying to rile her up on purpose, “-you are in pain, and we are covered in dried bodily fluids, so I think a warm bath is in order.”

 

A playful pout reached Amelia’s lips, “How did you know I’m aching?”

 

“You’re my wife, and I know things.” Despite his declaration that they would be bathing instead of engaging in another bout of relentless sex, Loki’s fingers seemed awfully insistent on touching Amelia’s skin with unbearable yearning. He wasn’t subtle as he gazed at her breasts and her stomach while his fingers traced wherever they wanted in burning circles.

 

Though it appeared the touch was more innocent than Amelia first believed, because the desire in Loki’s eyes had been replaced with doting adoration.

 

“My wife.” Loki repeated, as if testing the words on his tongue.

 

“Yours.” Amelia affirmed, sighing softly from the touch. Her insides turned to jelly when Loki flashed her an answering smile that was so pure and genuine, it caught her off guard.

 

They bathed in wonderfully warm water, scented with floral oils, and washed the evidence of the previous night from their bodies together, and relaxed until the heat wheedled the sting from Amelia’s muscles, leaving room only for deep satisfaction. She lost count of the many sighs that escaped the two of them throughout the entire time they were in the tub.

 

When they were done, they stepped out of the water, and before Amelia could reach for the towel hanging nearby, Loki’s hand was placed over her head, and in the blink of an eye, all the wetness on her body dispersed and left her dry. It was an astoundingly strange sensation, and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Fluff
Established Relationship
Romance
Pregnancy
Magic
Light Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Loki has heart eyes for his wife
Character Development
Cravings
Humor
Babies
Domestic Fluff
Explicit Sexual Content
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Smut
Dirty Talk
Wet Dream
Pregnancy Kink
DIY Struggles
Non-Consensual Touching
Sexual Roleplay
pregnancy hormones
Light Dom/sub
Illnesses
Hurt/Comfort
Lullabies
Breastfeeding
A Wild Karen Appears
Unsolicited Parenting Advice
dad Loki
Sick baby
First Steps
First Words
Food Poisoning
Vomiting
Self-Hatred
Jotun Babies
Attempted Kidnapping
Prank Wars
Violence
Panic Attacks
Disney World & Disneyland
Disney Loki
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

