Work Text:
There are very few things in the world that Erik would deny Charles. If Charles wants to go for a walk in the park, Erik will put away whatever he’s doing and take him out. If Charles wants an autograph from every player on the NY Red Bulls, Erik will prowl by every practice session until he gets them. If Charles wants to go to the opera, Erik will roll his eyes and grumble and pretend he hates every single second but he’ll go, if only for the kiss Charles grants him after it’s over, thankful and affectionate. Ever since Charles came into his life, Erik feels like he’s forgotten how to say no.But there is one thing Erik absolutely does not want in their house and that thing is a dog.“Look,” Charles says after dinner, shaking brochures of animal shelters at him. “These dogs need homes!”Standing in the kitchen, Erik stirs a little cream into his coffee and some sugar into Charles’ tea. “Those dogs can find homes somewhere else.”“Don’t be heartless. All the shelters have online websites so we can look at pictures of dogs up for adoption. Some of them are really quite adorable. I’m sure we can find one we like.”“I don’t want a dog,” Erik says firmly as he carries their drinks out to the living room. A glance at the TV tells him Charles is back on his crime show kick – Criminal Minds is playing with the volume down on low and the subtitles switched on.“You’ve never wanted a dog?” Charles asks, taking his socked feet off the coffee table so Erik can walk past. He has his laptop in his lap and Erik glimpses a video of a horde of running corgi puppies. “Not even when you were a little kid?”Erik hands him his tea and sits down beside him. “Dogs smell. They shed. They poop everywhere.”“Only if they’re untrained. And I’ll clean up after him, I promise. Or her.”Erik turns up the TV’s volume with a wave of his hand. “Why do you even want a dog? I’ve never heard you talk about it before.”“Well, I figure it would make our place more homey. Couples get dogs together all the time. Plus – ” He turns his laptop so Erik can see. “ – look how irresistible they are.”Erik looks. The large majority of Charles’ selection seems to be mangy mutts that probably have fleas and irritating habits like peeing on carpets or chewing up furniture. None of them looks particularly appealing. Even Charles’ hopeful grin doesn’t sway him in the least bit.Probably skimming his mind, Charles huffs and pulls the laptop back into his lap. “Heartless.”Erik throws his arm around Charles’ shoulders and tugs him close as he cranks up the volume some more. “If you really want a pet, we’ll get a fish.”“Thank you so much,” Charles says dryly. “Just what I wanted.”He doesn’t bring the topic up again that night, but Erik sees him bookmark the shelter’s website. Great, he thinks to himself, mentally digging in trenches. This is going to be a long battle. * “I have something to show you,” Charles declares two nights later after Erik’s come home. As Erik strips out of his coat, Charles carries his laptop over and sets it on the hallway table.“Can it wait until I get my shoes off?”“It’ll take five minutes,” Charles replies, hitting the spacebar. A row of rainbow letters fly artfully down from the top of the screen to spell out ‘WHY WE NEED A DOG, a Presentation by Charles Xavier.’“You made a PowerPoint?” Erik says incredulously. He’s torn between laughing and frowning heavily at the subject matter.“I have a multipronged plan of attack. This is just stage one.” Charles hits space again and brings up a slide titled ‘HEALTH BENEFITS.’ Underneath is a detailed graph of what appears to be life expectancy with dogs and without, complete with a citation.Suppressing a sigh, Erik settles in for a long lecture.Needless to say, it lasts significantly longer than five minutes and they manage to spend half an hour standing in the hallway arguing about the merits, or lack thereof, of owning a dirty, slobbering creature of questionable intelligence. The conversation actually gets heated enough that they take it to the bedroom and Erik can’t believe they’re about to have angry sex about this but he wouldn’t put a stop to it if the house were on fire.Afterwards, when they lying breathless and exhausted on opposite sides of the bed, Charles grumbles, “Why can’t we get a dog? If you hate it so much, I’ll keep it on my side of the bed.”“The dog is not sleeping in the bed,” Erik snaps. “There isn’t going to be a dog at all.”“Not even a little one? I admit, I’d like a bigger dog, but I’ll take a Pomeranian if that’s what you want.”Erik pictures a Pomeranian yapping at his heels and wants to crush it, even if it’s imaginary. “We are not getting a small dog.”“Then what about a bigger one?” Charles leans over the bed for a second and comes up with a cardboard box. Inside are a dozen printouts of the profiles of the shelter dogs, much to Erik’s dismay. “This one’s Tucker. He’s pretty cute. That goofy face could charm a snake. And this one’s Gregor. Like Gregor Mendel. Look at hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Mob
Charles Is a Big Dorkface
Erik is a Big Dorkface
Domestic Fluff

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

