Chapter 1: No Sweeter Innocence
    




Chapter Text
The day Steve met his first soulmate he was getting his ass handed to him. It wasn’t like he’d planned it that way. It was just that Jonny Binderburg had been pulling Suzie Kinghorn’s pigtails all morning and throwing rocks at her. He had to stop him.But Steve, being the small, runt of an Alpha that he was, immediately got his ass handed to him when he went to defend Suzie. And, just as he was lamenting the fact that he’d have to tell his mom he got into another fight, a boy a grade higher then him came to the rescue.“Hey! Leave him alone!” shouted the new boy.Upon being caught Jonny ran away. He didn’t want to get into trouble. So, that just left Steve sitting on the ground with a black eye and the new kid.“You alright there?” asked the new kid as he got closer. Steve looked up at him and was immediately stricken by how blue his eyes were.“I’m... I’m fine. I had it.” Stuttered Steve as he was helped to his feet.“Didn’t look like it. Looked more like you were having your ass handed to you.” Smiled the boy. “I’m James Barnes by the way.”When James said that name, it struck a chord with Steve. You see, everyone is born with the name(s) of their soulmate(s) on their wrists. Steve happened to be born with 2 and James Barnes happened to be one of them.“You’re James Barnes! I’m Steven Rogers! I’m your soulmate!” shouted Steve happily. James looked down at his wrist and saw Steve’s name there and smiled. The two began hugging each other and laughing.“Well, I guess we are. But we’re both Alphas. I can smell it on you. How can this work?” asked James as he looked at their wrists.“I guess Anthony Stark must be our Omega, whoever he is.” Supplied Steve and James nodded along.After that moment, the two became almost inseparable. They’d learned that James had recently moved into the apartment down the all from Steve with his parents and two sisters. The two practically sprinted back home to tell their families. Steve’s mother was over the moon that her baby boy had found one of his mates.Growing up got a bit easier after that. Because James and Steve were fated mates, their families often pooled resources to get the things they needed. It was great. Plus, Steve and James got to spend more time together.Very quickly, James earned the nickname of Bucky. It just felt right. Soon enough everyone was using it. The two did everything together. The went to school together, played in the streets together, pulled each other out of fights. They were an amazing pair. People were envious of the bond they shared. One only hoped that their soul bond was a strong as theirs.  But for all the praise given to the two, Bucky and Steve still felt the emptiness of their missing Omega.        “What do you think Anthony will be like when we find him?” asked Steve one afternoon when they were 16 years old. They were off school and just lazing around by the docks.“I bet he’ll be super sweet and shy. A sweet little thing just for us.” Smiled Bucky as he looked up at the peach coloured sky.“You think so?”“I know so.”“Well, I bet he’ll have a little bit of a bit to him. He’s gotta to keep up with you, jerk.” Joked Steve with a smile.“Whatever punk.” Spoke Bucky, but the words held no malice.Bucky and Steve officially bonded when they were 18. Sure, the knew they wouldn’t age until they bonded with their Anthony now that they were 18 and that bonding with each other was more symbolic of their status as fated mates, but they didn’t care. They only really cared about each other.That night was beautiful. They were all alone in their apartment and could do as they pleased. The night started slow and calm but quickly turned into a tumultuous storm of passion. Clothes were shed and bite marks exchanged. It was beautiful. Neither could take their eyes off of the other. Sure, they had to take a few breaks because of Steve’s asthma, but it was worth it. So, so worth it.  What followed were a few years of peace. Bucky got a job working down at the doc while Steve worked for the local paper as an artist after he graduated art school with the money his mother had left him when she died. It wasn’t a lot of money but it was enough to do some good. Sure, times were rough and all that, but they were lucky. Ver lucky.And then the war hit. At first, Bucky and Steve didn’t really worry about it. The war was in Europe. Sure, neither liked that people were getting hurt and killed, but they weren’t worried about getting pulled into it.But that mindset didn’t last very long. Pearl Harbor got bombed and the USA was pulled into the war. I took little time after that for Bucky to be drafted and for Steve to be left behind. They exchanged letters frequently while Bucky was away at training camp. Neither wanted to be separated from the other. It was rough. Bucky just wanted to go home while Steve wanted to join him and do more.Steve would get his wish, but not in the way he’d expected.It all started with a trip he and Bucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Mute Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Bucky Barnes Lives
Mpreg
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Misunderstood Tony Stark
Insecure Tony
Sick Tony
liberal usage of hozier songs
DO NOT COPY
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Child Abuse
slight non-con warning in chapter 2
Virgin Tony Stark
Anxious Tony Stark
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Misunderstandings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

