Work Text:

He had been so careless. 

So fucking careless.
Let’s go to Cooney Island Peter said.
We’ll go in disguise Peter said.
So they did- but half way through Peter deciding what ride they should unfortunately try first-
Unfortunately, because yes, he loved flying in his suits, dropping hundreds of feet at a moments notice, but he had a weakness for roller coaster rides. Somehow they always made his stomach rise up into his chest, and after effectively making him lose his lunch all over Rhodney’s shoes on one summer break from MIT, needless to say, he hadn’t been on one since.
Some unknown militia had shown up, firing into the crowd, sending the entire place in a panic.
And yes, he was brilliant and always wore his nanites under his clothing because he never knew when terror was going to arise and he may slightly still have a fear of being helpless leading him to always keeping a suit on him- but all that went out the window when Peter grabbed his arm, narrowingly saving him from a falling metal beam the size of the Chrysler Building, yanking him away and shoving them both into some maintenance closet that could barely fit Peter, let alone them both.
The door slammed behind them, followed by a sickly creaking of wood and metal before several deafening crashes, effectively locking them in the dark and cramped space.

“Fuck,” Peter panted, the sound of the door ratting echoing through the room, “no, come on.”


“Peter.” Tony murmured, at least thankful the small space partially muted the horrific sounds of gunfire and explosions from the other side.


“No.” Peter shifted, apparently determined trying to use his brute strength to force the door open.


And okay, it was attractive, he’d admit it.


Not that he’d ever tell Peter that. 

Peter was barely nineteen and living his new life at MIT, probably surrounded by other young, equally attractive people that took up his time. Not some older, greying mentor with far too many mental issues and no real sense of self preservation.

Peter moved once more, fruitlessly trying again, shifting his legs to use Tony as some launching point to try to propel off of.


And as anticipated, the door barely budged, making Peter grunt loudly, his body moving in terribly delicious ways against Tony’s. 

“Peter stop.” Tony warned as Peter’s knee and at one point foot pressed against his cock, rubbing against it, coaxing it into a half hard state like the traitor it was.
“No, just let me-“ Peter growled, shifting his legs once more, forcing both his feet on Tony’s thighs, placing his full weight on Tony.

Not like it was much.


Peter maybe be insanely strong, but he weighed as much as a kitten.


“I think I can move it, let me just-“ Peter trailed off, slamming against the door as much as their tight space would let them, his shoes slipping against Tony’s slacks, making Peter squeak when he tumbled down onto Tony’s lap.


Fuck.


Peter was now straddling him in that short skirt Peter had chosen to wear, apparently oblivious to their current state as Peter continued to ram his body against the door.


And double fuck, every time Peter moved, Peter’s hips moved with it, bouncing and grinding and his cock couldn’t help but to fully harden against Peter’s ministrations.


“I should have brought my suit,” Peter growled, slamming his shoulder into the unyielding door, “I can’t believe I didn’t bring my fucking suit.”


“I have mine,” Tony forced his voice to be level despite Peter’s thighs crushing his own in the best way possible, “but if I activate it there’s a high probability that I’ll crush you.”


“What if we-“ Peter suddenly froze, and Tony mirrored Peter’s stance, trying to angle his hips back as far as he could in worry that Peter had discovered his current predicament, “I have a idea.” 

“Okay.” Tony said hesitantly, not basking in the heat from Peter’s body on his- no, he couldn’t- he couldn’t allow Peter to know how much of a dirty, old man he was, practically getting off on Peter’s body straddling his own.
“Give me your belt.” Peter looked down at him, their eyes finally adjusting to the darkness of the room.

“My belt,” Tony repeated, his brain skipping slightly, “why?”


“Because I want to see if I jam the latch of the buckle into the latch of the door knob and see if I can force it open, then use my strength to push it the rest of the way.” Peter stated far too logically and levelheaded in their situation, apparently not affected like Tony was, adding just another reminder of Peter seeing him only as a mentor.


“Alright.” Tony swallowed thickly, carefully moving his hands to his waist to remove said belt. And his fingers brushed against the hem of Peter’s skirt and thighs in the process, perhaps causing him to fumble with the buckle.


Tony shifted his waist, angling his back against the wall to pull the belt from the loops of his slacks, only to find it stuck halfway through.


So naturally Tony yanked it harder, somehow forcing Peter to bounce against his lap, ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Vaginal Sex
Mildly Dubious Consent
trans!peter
Soft!Tony
guilty!Tony
based off tumblr prompt
Creampie
small spaces
Accidental Penetration
peters 19
Semi-Public Sex
Happy Ending
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Don’t post on another site
Not Beta Read

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

