Work Text:
  
The summer sun shines through the windows, and the child is young, no older than four. 

Brown eyes wide and sparkling, beaming with the laughter that erupts from his mouth in giggles.

The man hovering over him, older by decades, is laughing too. 

They seem happy, and everything’s okay.

“It’s okay, Peter.”

The man’s hand, weathered and spotted, travels down the boy’s chest, up his shirt, gentle, petting.

The child’s laughter is softer, curious, the same wide eyes following the motion.

“This is okay.”

The shirt is gone, pants undone. The hand travels childish white apparel of dinosaurs and blue bands.

The laughter has stopped, head tilted in fascinated consideration as strange fingers go where they haven’t before.

“This is okay.”
 
 
 Tony Stark fixes things.His hands move over broken things, and when they pull back, it’s either restored, or better.He doesn’t dare touch Peter.The nights he can’t sleep, when the little boy in his dreams stares out with vacant eyes, Tony stands on the other side of Peter’s door.He doesn’t open it, doesn’t knock, doesn’t go in.He just stands there.   
The lamps have been turned on to mimic the sun during the night, and the child is young, no older than thirteen.

 He’s dressed in black, lingering on the edge of teenage angst in apparent eagerness, sprawled across a couch, lips moving with inaudible words as his brown eyes narrow in confusion.

A man, much older, sits in the middle of the couch, thigh brushing feet, hand on knee, nodding along in understanding.

“I know, son. It’s all strange, but I promise it’s normal. You’re normal. 

“I can show how to make it feel better, if you want.”

The hand squeezes soothingly; the child looks hopeful. Trust.

“You don’t mind? I don’t want to be a bother.”

“You’re not a bother, Peter. I want to help.”

The hand travels, slowly, carefully upward, brushes with purposefully in a way that makes the child’s breath catch.

Brushes again more firmly for the same reaction, fingers skimming the zipper.

“I want to help, Peter.”
 
 
 Tony doesn’t kiss Bruce, anymore.It’s in consideration of Peter, Tony tells him, tells himself. Just in public.Only it doesn’t stay confined to public places.In their room, against their sheets, Bruce hovering above him, hungry and tempting, Tony closes his eyes to sensation-Sees a child in the door way, large eyes haunted and full of tears, lips trembling in untold scares.“I can’t!” He gasps out, pushes away. “I can’t!”Bruce always stops.Tony always leaves.   “This is why I didn’t tell you!”“Peter, please.”“It was nothing. It happened-““Stop-““It’s done! Alright? It’s fucking done! There’s nothing there to be taken care of, or bandaged, or fixed. Because nothing happened.”“Something did happen, Peter.”“Let it go, Cap .”A door slams. Steve sighs, defeated and anguished.Tony flinches and walks away before he’s seen.  
 

“Is this okay?”

“Well, does it feel okay?”

“It feels … funny.”

“Good funny or bad funny?”

“…Weird funny?”

“But in a good way?”

“Yeah, I… I guess. It does. At the end, when you do that … that thing.”

“Want me to do that this time?”

“…”

“Peter? It’s okay if you do. If it makes you happy. I like making you happy.”

“…Please?”

 
 
 
Some nights, when Tony stands outside the door, he hears the faintest sounds of crying.Small whimpers, stuttered breaths escaping through cracks in a quickly-built wall.It makes him gag, makes him sick.He holds the toilet and throws up until his throat’s screaming, until it’s a whole new gagging.Blares music until he can’t hear it anymore.    The kid. He’s a kid. Compared to all of them, he’s a kid.Tony is an adult.“Hey, Tony.”“Hey, Peter. Can’t talk right now, Pepper needs these. Later?”“…Okay.”“Great!”He can’t get away fast enough.  
 

“I need you to help me with something, Peter.”

“Okay.”

“You know how sometimes I use my mouth?”

“On my … down there?”

“Yep, down there. You remember how good it makes you feel? How happy?”

Blush. “Y-yeah. I mean, yes sir. I do.”

Chuckle. “I’ve forgotten what that feels like. A mouth on me.”

“Oh.”

“But maybe not. Your tongue is so small yet, Peter. And your mouth might not be big enough…”

“I have a big mouth!”

Another chuckle. “That you do. But I don’t know if you can fit me-.”

“I can! I put a whole apple in my mouth last Thursday after Flash said I couldn’t. I can do it! ”

The chuckling becomes full, soft laughter. Fond and indulging. “Can you?”

“I can!”

“Can you ask for it? You told me yesterday you’re getting in trouble at home for forgetting your manners. We should probably practice.”

“Oh, yeah. Okay! May I please put my mouth on your … down there?”

“Good job, buddy. Sure you can. I’ll hold it for you, though. It’s a little bigger than yours.”

“Thank you, Tony!"
  
 

 
“TONY!”
“Peter!”
It’s dark; he can’t see. The world feels like it’s shaking, every breath he takes is burning. Where’s Peter?“Tony!”“Don’t do it,” he pleads. Maybe the boy can hear him, even if he can’t see him. God, let Pet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Childhood Sexual Abuse
Graphic Depiction of Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Molestation
Hurt Peter
Peter Feels
Tony Feels
Everything Hurts
Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

