Chapter 1: Part One: That Fucking Weasel
    




Chapter Text
Will I always feel the same?Oh, where the fuck my mind go?You might wanna check under the table...- "Same" by Deb Never  Options, runnin' out of optionsHmm, options, used to have options...- "NO HALO" by BROCKHAMPTON   
Part One:That Fucking Weasel
 
SUMMER
   “Casey, I’ve read this sentence six times.”Darcy pulled the earphones out and gave the younger woman her full attention. The poor thing was shrugging helplessly, her hand covering the mouthpiece of the landline receiver.“It’s Ned, I’m sorry –”Darcy took the phone, swapping seats with her, putting the phone to her ear as she tried to remedy the situation.“Hello, Ned? It’s Darcy.”The man on the other end was already yelling, sounding frustrated.
“Hello? Can I – Am I calling the foot doctor? Hello?”
“Ned! I don’t think you can hear me! It’s Darcy. Hello? Ned?”
“Darcy?”
“Yes, it’s Darcy,” she half-yelled, giving Casey a thumbs-up. “You’ve got an appointment with us tomorrow at 11. We’ll see you then!”“Eleven?” Ned repeated. “Okay. I’ll see ya.”Darcy hung up and she let out a low sigh, swapping seats with Casey again. She glanced at the clock, then at the screen in front of her. It was mid-morning at the podiatry clinic, both of the receptionists on duty running steadily through the routine. Darcy had been writing another letter to be sent out for auditing purposes, and if it was her working alone she’d be doing them in her sleep. She’d had plenty of dreams of her writing reports and doing work that was piling up and up. Today she was training Casey, reviewing what she’d already written, listening to the Dictaphone, her boss’ voice in her ear.“Please confirm Ned’s appointment, Casey. The right-click, yeah…”Casey sat back, giving a little smile when she was done. She was beginning to remember everything, and Darcy could remember that distinct relief. That Thank God something’s finally going right kind of feeling. She didn’t want to burst her bubble, but she found several errors in the letter Casey had typed out.“No, it’s hyperkeratosis,” she said, picking up her pencil and crossing out the spelling mistake. She tried not to see Casey’s face fall. “And onychauxic.”She handed it back to Casey, standing up.“All good. Just fix those and we’ll send it off. I’m going on my break.”She patted Casey’s shoulder and stepped away, walking down the corridor to the break room, seeing Patrick sitting at the table with his sandwich in his hands.“Hey,” he mumbled, mouth full. “She doing okay?”Darcy made a so-so movement with her hand. She hoped he’d keep that to himself, since Casey was his wife’s little cousin. Patrick was the podiatrist, and probably the best boss Darcy had ever had. He was at least one of the friendliest ones she’d had, pulling out the chair beside him for her to sit down with her yoghurt she retrieved from the fridge.“She’s fine,” she amended, pulling up the chair as she sat down, the legs scraping across the linoleum. “You can tell Linda she’s doing a great job.”Patrick gave a little chuckle, shaking his head. “I swear, I won’t bring another one like her in again, I like you too much.”“Well, maybe not so much when I abandon you at 5.30.”She was referring to what she’d already reminded him of twice that day. She needed to leave a little early tonight because Ian asked her to that morning when she jumped out of bed. Her boyfriend didn’t ask her to do that often, to come home early, unless it was a special occasion. She had already read into it enough to start thinking about engagement announcements. She didn’t want to call her mother but she knew she’d be the first one of her family to know. She hoped Ian didn’t cry too much, because Darcy knew she would when he got down on one knee. She always liked hearing how other people got together, even when people said “oh we met online”. She wanted to ask what exactly drew people to one another.She took a spoonful of her yogurt and shoved it into her mouth, smirking at Patrick.“How’d you and Linda meet?”“Group of friends, mutual friends at a bar,” he murmured, looking away. He blinked. “Christ. I think about that time, all the uncertainty, and now…”He’d been married several years. Darcy didn’t necessarily like Linda very much, since she was perpetually condescending and always acted like work was what kept Patrick from her, and therefore Darcy was in part to blame, but she thought Patrick seemed happy with her.Also he’d paid for her boob job last year, not that they ever spoke about it, but Darcy more than noticed those things when she was at his fortieth birthday party last year.“I feel like we’ve been married longer than we’ve known each other,” he murmured. “I know that doesn’t make sense.”“I get it,” Darcy said, ducking her head, smiling. “Me and Ian met seven years ago, and I can’t remember life without him. I don’t remember how I used to feel. It’s so weird.”Patrick nodded, finishing his next mouthful.“I was a kid when I met him,” she added, rol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - School
Alternate Universe - Teachers
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Jewish Darcy Lewis
POV Darcy Lewis
Slow Burn
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
OT3
Open Relationships
Implied/Referenced Cheating
Darcy Lewis Is a Good Bro
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Panic Attack Comfort
Hand Jobs
Cunnilingus
Threesome - F/M/M
Librarian Darcy Lewis
Teacher Steve Rogers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Jewish Wanda Maximoff
Anal Sex
Double Penetration

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

