Chapter 1: The Nest.
    




Chapter Text

The Nest.

 
      The Nest was normal looking from the outside, any other store front on Broadway, all glass front and pretty small at first glance. In reality this was the home to one Harley Potter. After the war with only the help of the new Minister, Kingsley Shacklebolt, Harley packed a single bag and crept out of the Weasley household in the middle of the night. Harley left a note saying that she was leaving and could no longer handle the pressure. However, it wasn't just the pressure that had Harley running for the hills. After killing Voldemort in battle the Ministry, still in chaos, had turned on her. They believed that she would be the new Dark Lord and had thrown her into a Ministry holding cell, the worst part about the whole ordeal was that Hermione, who Harley had thought was her best friend, was leading the crusade against her. Harley spent two weeks in the Ministry holding cell with her magic bound before Kingsley had come to release her. He had just been appointed Minister and made his first acting duty to clear her name and get her the hell out of there. Harley stayed for two horrendous days at the Burrow, the whole time she was there Mrs. Weasley lectured her every few hours about marrying Ron and how she would behave as a Weasley. Harley, unable to stand it any long, had run straight to Kingsley, he set up an untraceable international portykey and had only told her to pick a location. Harley had only said goodbye to three people. Neville and Luna first, the couple had gotten together not long after the war finished and had been together ever since, Harley considered them true friends and had told them that she would get in contact soon. The last person Harley said a true goodbye to was Andromeda, Harley knew that at some point in the future custody of little Teddy Lupin would be handed over to her as his godmother, but for now Harley was content to let his grandmother have him for as long as she was able to. Andromeda understood that Harley had to get away and they bought and emergency pair of two way mirrors, Harley would come back to England to fetch Teddy whenever Andromeda needed her to. 
       Harley had no true method to picking where she would end up. She had done some research on a few different countries and their magical laws. After some deliberation Harley decided to close her eyes and point to a moderated version of the world map. She cut off the entire right side of the map, the only place worth fleeing to was Australia and she really didn't want to deal with her fame there. The only other places that were semi-okay were Canada and America. She finally decided on America, she wanted to be somewhere away from the Queen's rule, just in case. America's magical government had come a long way in the last 70 years. In fact, they'd become very lax with their laws. America had kind of fallen apart magically during World War Two, someone high up in the government during that time had snuck in the names of wizards into the draft. Wizards were forced into fighting in the war, unable to escape draft. After that time period where many Wizards died in a 'no-maj' war Wizards fought for the Magical laws to be loser, many Witches were widowed and at that time it was illegal for a magical person to be with a 'no-maj'. The magical population in America had been decimated, and after the repeal of the 'no-maj' restrictions, laws got more and more vague. Now the only laws in America for Magicals were to not reveal magic unless absolutely necessary, you had to get a license to marry a 'no-maj', and if you were found out as a magical you had to say that you were a mutant, and magical creatures had to be kept out of sight. As far as Harley could tell, America hadn't been interested in Voldemort and her. So altogether America had been a good place to go. From 2000 to 2012 Harry had lived peacefully in a small town in Oregon, however Kingsley had contacted her saying that the Weasley's had gotten wind of her staying in a small town in America and to high tail it to a bigger city where she could blend in. That's when she found The Nest. 
        Harley had opened her little coffee shop/bakery in Manhattan not long after they'd cleaned up from the giant battle with those strange Aliens. Harley had gotten permission from the Ministry to put up many wards and make her little shop a fortress. Luckily, Harley had the entirety of the Potter and Black fortunes and had no want for money, but she couldn't stand idle. The Nest was the best thing that had ever happened to her. She had designed it after her more Slytherin side, all silver and green, but she made the interior more cozy like the Gryffindor common room. All big comfy chairs and big bean bag chairs. She had a long bar top along the counter for those who didn't want to sink into her furniture. On the far wall was a big roaring fireplace, and a big wooden stand. On that wooden stand was an absolutely humongous
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Harry Potter
Coffee Shops
Cute
Fluff and Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

