Work Text:
“That can’t be right,” says Phil. “It’s not possible. Are you sure?”“Well, that answers that question,” Maria says. She looks apathetically disgusted with life. “And now I owe Jimmy twenty. I don’t know why I thought dying would’ve made you smarter.”Phil doesn’t laugh. It’s not that it’s too soon for death jokes. His are just funnier. + Apparently—allegedly—Clint Barton is in love with Phil. Has been for over a decade. There’s nobody around who doesn’t already know, according to Maria. Phil’s the last to the game. He doesn’t like the feeling.“I would have noticed,” he tells Jasper, and“He’s been married twice, for God’s sake. One of those times was to you,” he tells Bobbi, and“He’s straight,” he tells Jimmy.“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Jimmy says. Barton’s infatuation—“Crush,” says Jasper, and, “Full-blown, Ol’ Yeller, ‘take him out back and put him out of his misery’ bullshit,” says Bobbi—has apparently been obvious for years. To his coworkers. To his ex-wives. To his numerous ex- and future- everything. Basically, to all persons not Phil Coulson.The joke, if there is one, is ill-timed. It makes Phil doubt himself. Not that there’s much left that doesn’t make him doubt himself, these days. Still, he thinks he would have noticed. “Were you even listening to what he was doing on on the coms?” Jasper demands in some nameless diner, indignant in the way only he can be, his cheeks full of pancake and his eyes pinched half-shut. “I always listened,” Phil says mournfully, because he did, and because unnecessary chatter on the coms were and continue to be a sore point, like a bruise that will just keep on getting bumped long after it should have healed. Barton would make a fortune as a phone sex operator, a junior agent wrote pitifully in one After Action Report. Please don’t make me rewrite this.“He was never like that with any other handler,” Jasper says.“I was his only handler,” Phil reminds, and Jasper stabs his fork at him, hissing, “See?!” as though Jasper hadn’t begged after Mauritania, literally on his knees, never to be assigned Barton again. Phil tries to strike a blow for reason. “You’re too experienced to fall for one of Barton’s pranks, Jasper.”Jasper is unimpressed. “Nobody waits ten years for a payoff to a prank. Unless you’re Fury. And he’s no Fury.”“I would have noticed,” Phil says again, dogged on this one point. Phil is good with people. He knows he is. It’s in his file.Jasper stabs his pancake. He’s cut it into the representation of an iconic cartoon character. “Why would you?” he asks Mickey Mouse, stab, stab, stab. “You never noticed any of the others.”Phil says blankly, “Others?” + For the record, and Phil wants this clear, there are no ‘others.’ Because if there is an indisputable fact about Phil Coulson, it is that he is ordinary. When all other truths, like mortality, identity, humanity, and biology are under attack, this one cornerstone of his reality is the ground he will stand and die on.Phil Coulson is ordinary, damn it, and people do not fall in love with ordinary. + “Huh,” says Barton, materializing in Phil’s temporary Hub office. “This one doesn’t have a sofa.”Phil stops typing to twiddle a pen between his fingers, abruptly tongue-tied at the reality of Clint Barton-who-might-be-in-love-with-him, a similar but distinctly different model from Everyday Clint Barton, in his office. Clint Barton-who-might-be-in-love-with-him looks exactly like Everyday Clint Barton, which is disappointing; it’s an argument of evidence in absence that does nothing to provide either proof of love or proof of prank. “Hey,” says Barton, squinting at him. “What? Is there something on my face?”Phil takes his nerves firmly in hand. Barton is looking drawn, tired in a way Phil doesn’t like, but otherwise remarkably cheerful. “Nothing worse than what’s usually there.”“Good looks? Charm? Ketchup?”“Trouble.”“It’s what I do,” Barton says complacently. Silence falls. Despite Phil’s odd attack of nerves, it’s a comfortable one. Death and resurrection haven’t made any material changes to their relationship; Barton is still, professional that he is, exactly the same as he was before. Beyond a pleased, “Huh, I guess the only thing that’s inevitable now is taxes,” he hasn’t said or done anything to suggest he has a problem with things as they now stand. They picked up again exactly as they left off:  professionals who trust each other to have their backs, friends who know how to move in each others’ spaces. And, if Jasper and Maria and Jimmy and Bobbi and others are to be believed, men who are utterly oblivious to each others’ internal realities.It isn’t anything out of the ordinary to have the Everyday model of Clint Barton in his office trying to manufacture a sofa out of filing boxes and dust sheets. Would Everyday Clint Barton have done so with so much muscle on display? His pants seem unnecessarily form-fitting. Phil has never noticed how tight they are across his … parts. His geometrically pleasing par
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Oblivious Phil Coulson
Humor
Fail!sex

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

