Work Text:
“Hello,” Loki said, smiling crookedly as Tony roughly yanked him away from the crowd of sweat-drenched, near-naked men he had been dancing with.  As for Loki, he was barely covered up himself.  His state of dress, or really, undress, included a tight pair of slacks and a mostly unbuttoned silk shirt that clung to his chest in a way that could have been called indecent if they hadn’t been standing in a club known for anonymous hook-ups.Well, why else would Tony Stark be there?Loki gazed at him with green eyes smudged with smoky eyeliner and moved closer to breathe hotly against Tony’s ear.  “I didn’t expect to see you here.”“I could say the same,” Tony replied, using up most of his willpower to push Loki away and hold him in place by his shoulders.  “This is how you celebrate after nearly blowing up half the city?”“You stopped me, didn’t you?  You and your little...pals.” Loki said, and grinned.  His hands began trailing up Tony’s chest, completely ignoring the murderous frown on Tony’s face.   Although his anger was quickly turning to another emotion altogether.“You’re coming with me,” Tony said decidedly before any other of his body parts could begin chiming in with other ideas that did not involve bringing Loki to justice, and actually involved the thought of Loki’s lips around his dick.“Oh, am I?” Loki asked, and then suddenly leaned in to kiss him fully on the lips.  Loki kissed like a porn star, and Tony should know—he had slept with plenty of them.  Loki’s lips were soft, his mouth hot as he worked his tongue inside Tony’s and proceeded to explore it thoroughly.  Tony moaned as Loki began to suck on his tongue, and the noises that Loki was making were utterly obscene.No, Tony thought, this wasn’t right.  It was wrong.  Wrong, wrong, wrong.  And seriously the hottest action he’d had recently.  Too bad he was going to have to do the whole ‘good guy’ thing and arrest Loki before he even got to second base.While Tony was busy lining up his thoughts to the straight and narrow path of morality, Loki had inched his hand down his front and began rubbing Tony through his pants.Okay, thought Tony, I’m definitely going to arrest him before third base.  With monumental willpower that Tony was sure even Captain America ought to be proud of him for, Tony disentangled his tongue from Loki’s and gripped Loki’s wrist, pulling his hand away from his groin firmly.“You’re drunk,” Tony stated.  “And evil.  Drunk and evil, which are two things that, when mixed, equal a no-go for casual hook-ups.  Sorry.”“Mmm,” Loki hummed, and nodded, assumedly in agreement, before attaching his wanton, soft lips to Tony’s neck and sucking.Despite himself, Tony gasped.“I don’t—ah—think you’re getting the point here,” Tony explained as Loki moved up to nibble at his earlobe.  Seriously, how was Loki so good at that?  And Tony really, really needed to keep Loki’s wandering hands away from his dick, or he was in actual danger of coming in his pants.  “Come on, let’s take this somewhere a little more private.  Someplace with restraints.  And not the fun kind!”Surprisingly enough, Loki allowed himself to be dragged forcefully out of the club and into Tony’s limousine where Tony shoved him into the backseat and began to look for some handcuffs strong enough to restrain him.“Tony,” Loki said softly, his glassy eyes peering around the decadently upholstered luxury vehicle.  “You don’t really want to take me back to SHIELD HQ.”“Oh, yeah?” Tony mumbled absently as he tried to handcuff Loki’s hands, one of which was making its way up his inner thigh, and the other was brushing gently across his chest.“Plenty of time for that in the morning,” Loki said, both hands effortlessly evading restraint and continuing to trail over Tony’s body seductively.  “And we both know what you really want.  Take me to bed.”Tony’s breath hitched, and he wasn’t sure whether it was from Loki’s words, or the way Loki had managed to unbuckle his belt and work a hand inside his pants without him noticing until the hand reached his hard-on and began massaging it.“I can’t.”  Tony’s protest sounded especially weak as Loki pressed his lithe body against him and worked his hand further inside Tony’s pants and rubbed gently against his balls.“But you want to.” Loki murmured against Tony’s ear.“I shouldn’t.”“But you still want to.  I can feel just how much you want to.”“Damn it,” Tony groaned, grabbing Loki’s head with both his hands and pulling him in for a rough kiss, biting at those soft lips that were unfairly designed to torture him into a desperate mess.“Is that a yes?” Loki asked, sounding smug even through the haze of desire that was surrounding all of Tony’s senses.“Convince me a little more,” Tony countered, tugging Loki down by his disheveled shirt collar.  “On your knees.”Loki giggled, and that was really unfair the way even that sounded sexy to Tony’s sex-fogged brain, and slid less-than-gracefully to the floor, settling comfortably between Tony’s legs.Loki li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Clubbing
Drunk Sex

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

