Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
“Seven Minutes in Heaven ~ Prologue” – Avengers (and Loki) x ReaderIt had begun, as all things did, during an uneventful and boring day.  No one needed saving, Fury hadn’t called in with missions, Loki had, amazingly, behaved himself, and yet… even with all of the Avengers ‘assembled’, you found yourselves incredibly bored… and when bored and Tony Stark mix together, shenanigans involving alcohol are sure to follow.No one quite sure who suggested it, or even why they did considering the only two girls in the group were you and Nat, but all you knew was that if Tony and Clint had anything to say about it, you were about to be stuck playing Seven Minutes in Heaven…
“It’ll be fuuuuuun!” Tony and Clint argued.  You and Natasha looked at each other and then turned your sceptical gaze to the billionaire as well as his partner in crime.
“Sure…” You said at the same time, then turned to each other and began chatting. 
“What is this game of Heaven?” Thor asked, gulping down more alcohol.
“Two people at random get sent into a closet for seven minutes…” Bruce answered casually,
“Is that all…?” Loki scoffed.
“It doesn’t seem that bad…” Steve said,
“Haven’t you played party games with Tony before…? He always, always warps them to fit his own creepy mind set…” you mumbled.
“You loved ‘Strip or Dare’ and ‘Spin the Bottle’!” he proclaimed.  Memories of that night flashed through your head, sending a cold shiver down your spine.
“I really didn’t…” you replied, rubbing your temples. After twenty minutes of nagging and pleading from Tony and Clint, both you and Natasha finally gave in, however, you had to lay down the law,
“No more than one round each,” Nat said, gesturing to the two of you, “if you miss out, too bad.” Nat stated,
“-and we’re free to leave at any time.” You chimed in.
“Fine, but-,” Clint interrupted before turning to Tony and began scheming between one another.
“Anything goes.” The billionaire stated with a toothy grin.  Damn it, it should have been the first thing you blocked…
“Fine…” you begrudgingly accepted.Tony and Clint scampered away to make the items that would represent all of the guys in the room. Bruce was sent to supervise just to ensure that they didn’t stuff the bag with their own items.  A few minutes later they returned snickering between each other with Bruce following behind, holding his head in his hands.  You and Nat gave him a wary look as he made his way over to the two of you,
“You’ll see… it’s nothing bad, just really childish…” he said, removing his glasses. Tony tapped your shoulder, a devilish grin adoring his features,
“Ready (Name)?” he held out the bag to you. You sighed,
“I suppose…”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Thor/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
Avengers Team/Reader

freeform: 
Lemon
Sexual Content
Fluff and Smut
Seven Minutes In Heaven
7 minutes in heaven
Trapped In A Closet
Closets
Choose Your Own Ending
Choose Your Own Ratings
Hook-Up
Kissing
Love
Drinking Games
Games

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Thor/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
Avengers Team/Reader

