Work Text:
The bar is empty when Steve enters, low-lit and host to only a few early, wan-looking Happy Hour stragglers, juxtaposed by bright and cheerful beer advertisements plastered onto the wood-paneled walls. The whole effect makes the room oddly disjointed and less welcoming than it’s striving to be, but this dive is out of the way of prying eyes coupled with a beer list three pages long, making the aesthetics irrelevant. Steve moves to a booth in the back, collapsing into a seat on one side and burying his head in his arms. There’s something sticking to his elbows and it might be not-entirely-dried beer but right now, it’s about the least of his worries. “So, you look well,” Sharon says. She’s got a cat that got the canary grin pointed right at him over the top of a pitcher of the house IPA, their usual. Never let it be said that Sharon Carter will ever go easy on a guy, not even a national legend, but at least she always orders the beer ahead of time. Steve grunts. He doesn’t try to make much of an effort here. Even if Sharon didn’t already know about his many less than admirable qualities from Peggy, she spent months on end living right next door to him, keeping watch. There was a point when that rankled because this brave new world likes its covers and its secrets more than he’s comfortable with, engendering mistrust between them, but the long months that they worked together in the aftermath of HYDRA filed that mistrust down, creating something raw and genuine in its place. They get each other, even if they don’t always agree. No amount of acting like he doesn’t feel like ten piles of shit and just as frustrated on top of it will fly. There’s a certain reassurance in that, a comfort that he didn’t have a mere one or two years ago that he tries not to take for granted. That there can still be people in this world who look at him and see Steve first, Captain America second. “That bad, huh?” Steve eases up, straightening his shoulders and nodding a thanks as the bartender comes over and brings them two clean pint glasses. “How are things with you and Sam?” Steve asks, pointedly changing the subject. Sharon pours them both a pint, pushing Steve’s to his side of the table with an arched eyebrow. “You were right, he’s a great kisser. Don’t change the subject, Rogers.” Steve takes an exaggeratedly long sip of his beer, taking maybe a little more pleasure than he should at Sharon impatiently tapping a beer coaster against the edge of the table, muttering something about “dramatics” under her breath. It’s incredible all the ways in which she and Peggy are so strikingly different that he could never guess that they were related at all. But then there are moments like this and he might as well be seventy years and thousands of miles away.  “Bucky and I are trying...trying to work some things through,” Steve admits at last. “But it’s become impossible to get time alone together long enough to make that happen.” “But you live together,” Sharon says flatly. “I know,” Steve says, throwing his hands up in the air. “I know. But from Barton and Wanda to Pepper and Tony, it’s like we’re never alone long enough to talk. I think….after the trial, people felt sorry for us. They think we’re lonely, that I’m lonely,” Steve corrects himself because if he’s being honest, he’s the one people are showing all this concern for. With Bucky, it’s harder. The enormity of what was done to him scares people off from even trying. It’s compassion fatigue from the get-go coupled with a healthy dose of fear that mostly just sees people’s concerned gazes slide right over Bucky and right onto Steve, the apparent long-suffering best friend. “I guess they think that that I need to get out more. You know, meet someone, lead a normal life.” Sharon rolls her eyes. “Please, I’ve seen you lonely. They’d know it if you were lonely because it’s the saddest fucking thing to have to watch and I had to watch it a lot.” “Yeah, well….” Steve trails off, reaching up to scratch at his forehead, a tight grimace crossing his face. “Me and Bucky are a work in progress.” “A good work in progress?” “Yeah,” Steve says, and he doesn’t have to look in a mirror to know that the tight grimace has faded into a small, fond smile and a slightly dopey expression that he refuses to be embarrassed about. His index finger traces designs into the condensation on the side of his glass and only now does he realize the design is less a design and more the exact angle of Bucky’s jawline when he laughs. Sam’s right, this “drawing Bucky” habit is a little out of control. Steve coughs, suddenly self-conscious. “Yeah, we’re good. Just….there’s a lot we never talked about. He needs time. The constant intrusions from people he doesn’t trust yet aren’t exactly helping. If it was you or Natasha or Sam, it would be one thing. Hell, Maria or Fury even, he could live with. But everyone else?” “Why don’t you just try telling people about you and Bucky?”Steve just stares, already feeling 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
accidentally secret relationship
the world's most useless and irritated secret agents

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

