Chapter 1: Loki x Reader - He Knows
    


Summary:

You return to the palace after a few months away... and Odin tells you something that shocks you to your core...





Chapter Text
“He Knows” Loki x ReaderYou couldn’t believe it. Was it true…? No... no, you refused to believe it.  He couldn’t be dead. You had been asked to keep an eye on Vanaheim little over a month ago during the final peace negotiations, and yet in such a small space of time, so much had happened… so much had changed. Frigga, The kind and wise Queen had died protecting a Midguardian, Thor had only just managed to stop the destruction of all nine realms, and had intern chosen to return to Midguard, and Loki had… Just thinking of it brought tears to the corner of your eyes; you attempted to blink them away but failed miserably.  You chastised yourself for crying in front of the Allfather.  You had no right to mourn before the likes of him; it was beyond inappropriate and disgraceful.  He had not only lost his beloved wife, but Loki as well.  Even if they didn’t get along all the time (though that was putting it lightly) Odin still raised Loki as his son. Your confusion and inability to control your emotions began to gnaw at you, almost as if your own emotions were baiting you.  Thor and Loki were your oldest friends, and even after everything the younger brother had done, you, like Frigga, chose not to let him wither away alone in a dungeon cell. You had been there, talking with the sulky prince just over four weeks ago, but now, he was dead.  Your mind lingered on all the memories you had of both him and Thor while growing up, watching his struggle, his pain, joy and sorrow… You tried to push the memories out of your mind, but found yourself unable to.  Why was it so hard for you to let him go…? You had family members and friends die in combat before, and to many people it was considered an honourable way to die, you had still mourned their loss, but were able to at least to hide your emotions in front of others… so why was his death so different? Why did your heartache every time you thought of his face?Slowly anger washed over the already chaotic and unordered emotions within your mind.  It was all too much, a thousand thoughts ran through you head, but none made sense, your limbs were stinging in the cool afternoon air, yet they remained unmoving and tense, and your heart… By the God’s you heart was racing at an unbelievable speed. You didn’t know if you were going to fall to the ground crying, punch a hole in the wall, or throw-up, but you knew if you stood under Odin’s intense gaze for a moment longer, you would only manage to humiliate yourself further. Keeping your eyes fixed on the numerous stairs that cascaded beneath the throne, you rose to your feet, albeit shaky, and forced your voice to work,
“Thank you, My Lord, for telling me this all…” Your voice was dry and raspy, Odin gave you a curt nod, “May I take my leave now Sire?” Your voice cracked, damn it.  You bit your lower lip, attempting to stop your ragged breathing, but a choked sob still managed to escape your throat.  You kept your head down, hoping whatever stray (h/c) hairs would cover your still watery eyes.
“(Name),” Odin called, you weren’t quite able to tell if his voice was stern or soft, but you were still weary to meet his gaze. You heard The Allfather stand and begin to descend the stairs; the soft clicking sound of his shoes filled the now silent throne room.  Odin stopped a few meters in front of you, and you could feel his eyes burrowing deep into your skin. “Why are you so distressed, (Name)? I thought a warrior such as yourself would be more capable at controlling your own emotions.” Disappointment laced his words, and something else, irritation…? “Do you really wish Thor back so badly that you have completely lost control of yourself?” his words this time had a distinct hint of bitterness.  Why did he think you wanted Thor…? Perhaps at one stage you had such a desire, many women throughout Asgard did, but as you grew closer to the brothers, you found yourself drawn too… suddenly a lump formed in your throat. That was why…
“No Sir… that’s not it,” you managed, just above a whisper.
“Then what is it?” he asked,
“I’m unable to control my emotions… because it has taken me over this long to realise… so long in fact, that the man I loved is now dead, and he will never know it…” it took all of your strength not to burst out in tears and fall to the floor.  Odin stood still, your vision was blurred from unshed tears, but you could have sworn you saw his eyes widen.  Odin stepped forward and placed his hand to rest under your chin, and lifted your gaze to meet his. A knot began to form in your stomach,
“Believe me _________,” that voice was not Odin’s… suddenly your limbs lost all of their strength, and you found yourself falling toward the ground.  However, before you hit the cold, stone floor, a strong arm looped around your waist, and pulled you towards the ow
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Thor/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
red skull/reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
Avengers Team/Reader
Loki/Thor/Reader (Marvel)
Loki/Reader/Thor
Thor/Reader/Loki
Thor/Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Fluff and Smut
Drabble
Lemon
Hurt/Comfort
Romance
Love
Oneshot
Other - Freeform
Friendship/Love
Friendship
Fluffy Ending
One Shot Collection
Reader-Insert
Reader-Interactive
dying
Falling In Love
everything
Sexual Content
Explicit Sexual Content
Sex
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M
Loki - Freeform
Thor - Freeform
Red Skull - Freeform
steve - Freeform
Stress Relief
Bruce & Hulk Interaction

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Thor/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
red skull/reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
Avengers Team/Reader
Loki/Thor/Reader (Marvel)
Loki/Reader/Thor
Thor/Reader/Loki
Thor/Loki/Reader

