Chapter 1: The Invitation
    




Chapter Text
“Give me Love” – Loki x Reader ~ Chapter 1Six months… it had been six months since Loki had defeated The Avengers.  Six months since the Earth was taken over by Loki and his army.  And six months since the world was plummeted into a never-ending darkness.  In that time there had been many attempts to over throw Loki, but none had been successful.  The Avengers were forced into hiding in an attempt to regroup after their shameful defeat. There were rumours circling though the cities that they had been killed… you knew that not all the rumours that went around were true, and that they were more than likely started by one of Loki’s lackeys. You had to believe the Avengers were out there somewhere, coming up with a plan to save the world.  You had to believe there was someone out there who still cared…A cold tremor coursed through your body and your eyes slowly cracked open. Why did you have to believe there was someone out there who cared? Because if you didn’t, then the darkness of being one of Loki’s ‘girls’ would consume you completely.  That’s right, you were one of Loki’s slaves… servants… escorts, whatever you wanted to call it.  All it meant was that you had no freedom, no life, nothing.  You were to serve and cater to Loki’s every need.Your (e/c) eyes scanned the large, dungeon-like room that you had been forced to call ‘home’ for the past three weeks.  You had been taken from the safety and security of your own home, and were forced into training with two dozen other girls.  In the three weeks, just under half of the girls were ‘removed due to their own incompetence’.  It made you sick.  You had heard stories of how they disposed of the unwanted dropouts, and it definitely wasn’t pretty. Some were given to the Chitauri as playthings, other, more lucky girls were used as maids, while the unlucky and exceedingly ‘uselessness’ were just killed.
“Once you’re in, there’s only one way out…” you muttered to yourself. One of the girls you met on your first night had told you that just before she slit her wrists… The three weeks you had spent in training had helped to desensitise you to rough treatment, beatings, verbal abuse… but not death.  The memories of her convulsing, blood covered body still plagued your mind. Her soft sobs and the muttering of the nurses trying to save her echoed in your ears, and the metallic scent of blood overpowered the usually cold, stagnant air. It was horrid… And what happened the next day was even worse…   Loki had his eye on the girl who died.  He took her suicide personally, and took out his anger on the girls he called on the next day.  They had been gone for hours, and when they returned, they had cuts and bruises covering almost all of their bodies, several broken bones and sprains.  Three of the four were put in recovery, and still hadn’t returned.  As for the fourth… well… the medics didn’t reach her in time, and she was forced to bleed out in front of everyone…You rolled over onto your aching side and sat up.  The nagging voice of ‘The Teacher’ rang out in your mind. “After lights out, you are not permitted to move from your bed, doing to will result in punishment.” His authority filled voice made you want to claw at your ears. You hated it.  You threw the thin, hessian like material back from your legs.  Immediately the cold air sent Goosebumps through your entire skin.  Until you were brought here, you had never been bothered that much by the cold, but now? Now you felt the cold far too easily...  Everyone in the room was given a thin mattress to sleep on, they were the only thing stopping the cold of the concrete floor from seeping through to everyone’s bodies; all the other girls were sound asleep, and yet you were apparently the only one who felt the cold, it irritated you to no end, and often ended with you getting little to no sleep. You supressed a sigh and looked from one side to the other. To your left were the girls who were about to ‘graduate’.  They would be moved to the main rooms with the others who had finished their training soon.  To you right were the ‘newbies’, these were the girls who could still feel enough to cry themselves to sleep.  You were situated pretty much in the middle; this meant that you were half way through your training, and that you had been taught to tolerate pain, remain silent, as well as basic mannerisms, but you had yet to be introduced to the sex side of your training, of course, that would all change in the morning… Your stomach twisted and you could feel the bile rise in your throat.  You had seen many girls return from their first sessions bruised, sore and unable to walk… But that didn’t scare you as much as when the training was over… The next hurdle after that was the one many people stumbled at.  Loki. You could feel your heart start to race. You had never even seen your ‘Master’.  He personally inspected everyone as they were being trained from a viewing room.  If he didn’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Thor/Reader (Marvel)
Thor/Reader

freeform: 
Angst
Dark
Explicit Sexual Content
Rough Sex
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt
Eventual Romance
Eventual Relationships
Manipulative Loki
Dominant Loki
Reader-Insert
Submissive Reader
Avengers - Freeform
Post-Avengers (2012)
Public Sex
Public Hand Jobs
Public Nudity
courtesan - Freeform
Concubine
Love/Hate
Falling In Love
Caring
Lime
Forced Prostitution
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape Recovery
Rape Aftermath
Rape
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Romance
Loki Feels
Warning: Loki
Loki Angst
Loki-centric
Love
POV Second Person
POV Multiple
Protective Thor
Loki Needs a Hug
Reader-Interactive
Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
Illnesses
Major Illness
Bonding
Soul Bond
Marriage
marriage bond
dealing
Uncertainty
Unsure
Feels
reader - Freeform
Honeymoon

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Thor/Reader (Marvel)
Thor/Reader

