Chapter 1: a kid named peter
    




Chapter Text
“You will address me as Mrs. Dunlap and nothing else. This is a respectable house, and I won’t have you calling me by my first name. Is that clear?” Peter nodded.“Yes, that’s clear,” He said to the woman. She’s older, older than most. Her hair is gray about two inches from the roots. Her nails are painted an ugly burgundy color and her dress goes to her ankles.Peter followed her into a small room that contained a bed, dresser, and nothing more. He put his backpack and suitcase on the bed.“Your school bus will be here at seven. If you aren't awake by six, you can make your own breakfast.” Peter nodded again. She left the room, keeping the door open.“I guess number fifteen will be a bit of a stickler then,” Peter said to himself. He opened the suitcase and set it on the floor. At the bottom of the suitcase was his homemade spider suit. He was pretty proud of it. It was just his old red hoodie with a mask sewn onto it. Of course, the blue pants were a must.He couldn’t let another one find him sneaking out. The last family he was with drug tested him almost every day because they caught him sneaking back in. That was number twelve. Fourteen wasn’t that long. They had him a month before sending him back because of ‘undisclosed reasons.’ Or, This kid doesn’t do the dishes and laundry every day.So now he’s on number fifteen. And in his opinion, he’s a ticking time bomb. Maybe this one would be less than a month. If she catches him sneaking out…Peter didn’t think about that.He got his school stuff out. Thankfully, he wasn’t changing schools again. That was number eleven. It didn’t bother Peter, something he learned early on was to not get too attached. That was for everything. Families, friends, houses, schools, basically nothing is permanent when you are a very unpopular pick for foster parents.But he was thankful he was going back to school. Even if he didn’t have friends, he still loved school. And well, he could join the football team. He would definitely have more friends that way, but if he couldn’t do that then, why should he now?He took Beary out of his suitcase. Yeah, he knows how childish it is to still have a stuffed animal at his age. But he always assumed that his parents got it for him, maybe his Uncle Ben. Proof that they loved him that much, and other than an old picture it was all he had left of his family. He tucked Beary under his arm and opened up the old Acer laptop that his favorite family gave him for Christmas.That was family number nine, the Carsons. They didn’t have any kids of their own, so they fostered. Super religious. They believed that them fostering ‘children in need’ would inspire God to bring them a child. And maybe it worked. Because a year into Peter staying with them, the longest he’s been with a family, Mrs. Carson got pregnant. They ended their career in fostering.That’s what made them Peter’s favorite. They didn’t foster him just because they wanted a check from the government. The Carsons really cared about him. They gave him a freaking computer. Everyone else was, forgettable at best.But he tried to look on the bright side, or whatever every poster in the teen room at CPS says. Something about how ‘forever family is in the rearview mirror’ or some bullshit. But Peter’s not that dumb. Because who would want a kid who has been kicked out of foster homes fourteen times in the past eleven years.Ten years ago his parents died. His babysitter dropped him off at CPS and he started in his first home. That one was longer because people like little kids. When he got older, every time that he screwed up he stumbled closer to a cliff. And when he fell off he was in a car with a suitcase and backpack going to another part of Queens.His routine: get up, go to school, go patrolling, sneak in through the window, go to sleep, and don’t let your current family know about it. Don’t get caught by cops or child services. Don’t get hurt because that means doctors and excuses. Number 6: Peter broke his arm. He fell down the stairs at school, or that was what he told them because, in all honesty, he was pushed.That family, Peter forgot their name, didn’t appreciate all the extra work for a kid who has a broken arm. It wasn’t really optimal for a family who didn’t really want him.He scrolled through the front page of google. Seeing things about which celebrity birthday is today, someone being sentenced for a heinous crime, and an anniversary. Every single year there’s something on the news and Peter hates it. Yeah, just because your kid died and you happen to be famous. Peter decided to just read the article from so long ago, because what else did he have to do? 7/09/05
Tony Stark Son Goes Missing, Violent Scene Left Behind
This morning Tony Stark and Pepper Potts made a statement to the press that their son Peter Stark was kidnapped from their home. Peter is three years and ten months old and is classified as missing and in a dangerous situation.

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Pepper Potts's Biological Child
But he doesn't know that
Peter Parker was kidnapped
but he doesn't know that either
Foster Care
Coming Home Again
Stark Tower
Peter is a Big Brother
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
They just want to be a normal family
they are anything but a normal family
Peter Parker meets Steve Rogers
Smart boy Peter Parker
You think it's not stucky but boy are you wrong
sad bucky
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Peter's enhanced hearing is a jerk

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

