Work Text:


Tears blurred Tony’s vision. He blinked, trying to breathe, but the cold burnt his throat, the cold had crept in within minutes of lying there encased in a metal coffin.Tony knows he’s dying, can feel it—it isn’t going to be the cold that kills him. The internal bleeding and the fact the damn shield had crushed his ribcage is; even now, he can feel the blood rushing where it’s not supposed to be, can feel his lungs filling with the thick dark liquid as he chokes and drowns.Black slowly crawls inwards— ≈≈≈ Siberia is, unsurprisingly, bitter cold.And Tony Stark dies.Not for the first time.Likely not the last either.But it is… when he looks back on this, both in the near future and distant one, he will consider this one the worst. ≈≈≈ Within the freezing Siberian cold, Tony dies exactly three times.Once from drowning on his own blood, and then another two times because of the cold, body still too fresh from his rebirth to keep him alive long enough to move.It’s agonizing—an all-consuming fear with the notion that no one will come and he’ll keep dying and dying and dying. Over and over and over again for all eternity. ≈≈≈ Tony is there, he later learns, for almost forty hours. Forty hours in an abandoned HYDRA base before help comes; before Vision finally finds him surrounded by the black scorch marks of his rebirths, melted slag, burnt corpses, the shield and the arm.The cold has sunk into his flesh and made itself at home within the hollows of his bones. ≈≈≈ Questions—demands for answers—from Ross about what happened, where he was, and—honestly, Tony doesn’t pay him much mind. Answering in half-truths and gives enough to form a story but not the whole truth.Tony doesn’t tell anyone what happens there.Instead, he grabs a hold of it, holds it close and wonders—wonders why.Why did Steve not tell him?Why did Steve not feel Tony deserved to know?Why did the team take advantage of his kindness?Why, why, why?Because they never cared, the Howard-voice, one that had haunted him for years, hissed mockingly.Perhaps, Tony muses, perhaps they saw him nothing more than a man to bankroll their lives.He learns more about Steve’s deception.How he had taken ‘missions’ without any sort of reports or logs afterwards, could never completely explain why it was absolutely necessary to take the Quinjet all across the world only to return empty-handed.Tony knows now.Bucky Barnes—Steve had been hunting the Winter Soldier for years using his money.Tony shouldn’t continue to feel so—so hurt, so betrayed because he already knows the more he unravels the more the lack of trust is shown and an ungodly amount of disillusionment washes over him.He is though—And somehow, that also doesn’t surprise him. ≈≈≈ He hardly leaves Rhodey’s side as he waits for him to awaken.Tony fears that he might never—a childish fear, the idea of losing one of his true friends he has made is always a gaping wound but made even larger with recent events.Tony, with frustration building as Ross keeps butting his nose in where he has no right too, lets FRIDAY loose with wick glee. He watches from Rhodey’s bedside as everything the man had done is revealed.Tony revels in it, a dark exhilaration, a deep-seated satisfaction as years’ worth of horrid things are thrown out into the world for all to see.He and FRIDAY, Laura and hers from the safety of the Compound with Vision, watch as the American citizens call for Thaddeus “Thunderbolt” Ross’s head.He knows Bruce hadn’t wanted him to go after Ross, but Bruce isn’t here anymore, is he?But Ross is just one person.One of many. ≈≈≈ Tony calls Pepper once in the following days. She talks softly and he can hear Happy in the background and can’t help but smile.She’d been as good for him as he for her. But they were never meant to be—maybe in another life, where certain things are different, where they click instead of orbit.He knows Happy’s good for her—perfect, in fact.“Stark legal is at your service, Tony. It always has and always will be.” She tells him and he knows her well enough to know she's outraged at everything that had happened. “Just tell me what you want done.”Suppressing a smile, Tony speaks.  ≈≈≈ Rhodey wakes up.Tony wishes his tears were magical like his fictional counterparts so that he could give his brother his legs back.Instead, Tony turns back to the best thing he’s good at—creation.He creates. ≈≈≈ He finds Vision watching the hole in the Compound occasionally, a pondering look on his face. Sometimes for minutes, sometimes for hours.“What are you looking for.” He questions, but somehow he knows.He knows what Vision is wondering—
Why?
Why did she do that to him?Why did she not trust him to keep her safe?“To make sense of it all.” He answers after a moment. “Why she could not put her trust in me as I did her.” ≈≈≈ A package arrives two months after that day.Inside is a phone.Inside is a letter.Inside is an insult.An insult to Tony’s personhoodBecause Tony does not need Steve.No, it is Steve that ne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Laura Barton/Stephan Strange
Laura Barton & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Shuri & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Other(s)

freeform: 
Phoenix tony
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Past Child Abuse
Maria Stark's C+ Parenting
Pre-Slash
Ambiguous/Open Ending
Post Civil War
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Character Death
Temporary Character Death
Tony Stark-centric
Team cap aren't really in this
brief Team Cap appearance
not team Cap friendly
Digital Art
new avengers team
mentor Tony
Cover Art

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Laura Barton/Stephan Strange
Laura Barton & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Shuri & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Other(s)

