Chapter 1: Don't look back, I'm just on my way back home
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Kid? Where’d you come from?”“Field trip - to MOMA! Ugh. What’s this guy’s problem, Mr. Stark?”“Uh, he came from space, to steal a necklace from a wizard. Listen, kid, I gotta be home by eight to put the baby to bed, so if we can-”“Cool, cool. How’s Ms. Potts?”“Well, you know, still drowning in the pregnancy hormones and now there’s this - this whole thing with a giant flying donut full of alien invaders - kid, there’s the wizard -”“On it!”Later, when Tony tells the kid “This is a one-way ticket,” he feels the words down to the very bottom of his stomach. There’s a part of him that thinks he could maybe justify it, leaving his wife and week-old daughter in a last-ditch attempt to preserve half of all living things; and then there’s a part of him that knows deep down he’s committed an unforgivable sin. 
 “Mr. Stark?” the kid says shakily. Tony feels his entire body go cold, as if he’d had a bucket of ice dumped over his head. He forces himself to rip his gaze away from the last floating particles of Stephen Strange and turns.“You’re alright,” he says. Not him, he thinks wildly, pleading to whatever might be out there listening, please, not him.There’s a long pause as the kid stares at him, wide-eyed and terrified.“Yeah,” he whispers. Tony’s shoulders sag in relief. “But - they’re-” the kid gestures vaguely, opens and closes his mouth soundlessly a few times. “Mr. Stark, what are we gonna do?”In another world Tony Stark gives in to the grief, the rage, the loss. He spends a long time on Titan. Staring at the dust on his hands, and at a foreign sun setting over a dead planet.In this one Peter Parker looks at him like he might have a plan, or even the foggiest idea of a next step. So he does what he does best - fakes it and hopes he’ll make it.“We have to get back to Earth,” Tony says. The effect on the kid is immediate. His face loses some of the wide-eyed terror and he stands just a bit straighter. “Think you can learn to co-pilot a busted spaceship?”“Yep,” the kid says.  
 Peter isn’t bad company, all things considered. Tony really had intended to get to know him better, get a better handle on the whole ‘mentor’ thing, but then Pepper had silently showed him a stick with two pink lines on it and they’d allowed themselves to be cautiously optimistic, then there was the elopement and all of the baby prep, and by the time Morgan Stark came squalling into the world Peter had faded into the background of his mind. It seemed like the kid was doing just fine without him. Keeping low to the ground like he’d promised. Tony checked in with him about modifications to the suit every once in a while, which worked well enough to quell the occasional pangs of guilt.
“How’s the kid?” Pepper had asked him, about a week before she went into labour. “What’s Spider-Man up to these days?”

Tony had been a little taken aback by the question. “Oh, you know,” he’d said vaguely, “Thwarting pickpockets and helping grannies cross the street, I assume. What are you worrying about Spider-Man for, anyways?” He’d gestured to her belly. “You’re gonna blow any minute now.”

“Thanks for that,” Pepper had said drily. “Very flattering. I was just wondering. He seems like a sweet boy.”
Peter Parker is sweet. Ever-helpful, like a little labrador retriever, always scampering back and forth bringing Tony tools and parts and interesting things he’s found lying around the ship. The kid is funny, too. His sense of humour is often earnest and ridiculous, but he also has a flair for sarcasm and an unexpected talent for delivering deadpan lines that make Tony double-take before realizing he’s joking. And of course Peter is smart - brilliant, in fact - but Tony had known that the moment he’d set eyes on those insane webs the kid had manufactured in his high school chemistry lab.Ten days go by before the ship starts to fail. Tony and Peter try their best to keep her afloat, but Tony knows that it’s just a matter of time. They’re out of repair materials and neither of them have any experience with the alien technology.He knows that Peter knows too. They studiously avoid talking about it. They pass time instead shooting the shit about movies and science and other meaningless minutiae. The kid doesn’t ask about Pepper and Morgan, and Tony doesn’t ask about the kid’s aunt. It’s as if they’re living in Schrödinger’s paradox; but they’re the ones in the box, and everyone else is outside, both dead and alive until the lid is lifted and the realities collapse into one another. 
 After two weeks the food packets run out. Disgusting though they had been, filled with an unremarkable nutrient-packed jelly, Tony and Peter make an occasion out of splitting the last one. They sit at the table properly and Tony gets a laugh out of Peter by insisting they hold hands and say grace - “Thank you Xenu for your eternal intergalac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Grief/Mourning
Temporary Character Death
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Adorable Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark are Siblings
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Is A Hot Mess
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

