Chapter 1: Rewind and Replay
    




Chapter Text
Charles blinked and found himself staring up at a ceiling that was not familiar. He automatically searched around with his mind and found familiar mental signatures; he was at the CIA facility. Only that shouldn't exist anymore; Shaw had destroyed it, hadn't he?Charles was confused.Then the most amazing thing happened, his foot itched and he wiggled his toes. He sat up so fast his head span and then he laughed.They were all there, including Darwin and they were all alive and well. Reading one of the guard's minds, he realised it was September and then he remembered using Cerebro to touch a mutant's mind. She had only been fifteen and he had barely skimmed her thoughts, but she had dragged him in somehow. She had told him her power was the ability to show those who needed it their probable future and Charles came to the inescapable conclusion that he had just seen his.He could not and would not let it happen.Climbing out of bed, he untangled himself from the monitoring devices, recognising Hank's handy work, and then he focused on Erik.[Erik, it's time to pack, we're leaving.][Why? What about Shaw?][I know how to find Shaw,] he responded, [I'll explain later. Just make sure everyone is ready to leave.][Where are we going?][I'll explain on the way.]"Charles, you're okay."He met Moira in the hallway."I'm fine," he replied as he headed away from the medical facility towards what was his room at the complex."Shouldn't you wait for Hank to make sure?" Moira asked, following him. "He said something about psychic shock.""I wasn't in shock," he said, walking into his room, "I was mentally living over two months in time I don't intend to allow to happen. Trust me when I say, it's better for you and for us if we leave now."He pulled clothes out of his cupboard and began putting them on, regardless of what Moira might or might not see."You can't just go," she protested, "what about Shaw?""Erik said the same thing about Shaw," he said and pulled off the pair of pyjama pants to switch them for something more outdoors, "and don't worry, we'll deal with him.""If you do that you'll be vigilantes," Moira told him, "the government won't stand for that.""The government won't stand for us anyway, Moira," he replied, placing a hand on her arm. "I'm sorry, but I saw them try to destroy us just for existing even after we prevented a nuclear war. We are leaving."Then he lifted his fingers to his temple and stepped inside her head and carefully removed most of the information about himself and all the other mutants."I'm sorry," he said quietly, "but I can't take the risk."Then he packed, leaving her sitting on his bed with a dazed expression on her face and went to find the others."What's going on, Charles?" Raven asked as they met in the rec room."I'm an idiot," he said simply, "and we're going somewhere safe.""What happened to you?" Erik asked, catching him by the arm before he could lead them out.He looked his friend in the eye and remembered the beach; it tore at him even in the memory. There was no way he could let those events play out."I saw our future," he said, being perfectly open and honest, "and I didn't like it.""Where are we going?" Raven asked."Home," he said simply and headed for the door. "Hank, how long will it take you to get rid of all the records of us here?""All of them?" Hank asked, shocked.Charles nodded."Um, a few minutes.""I'll keep everyone away, take Alex and do it."The whole group were looking at him wide eyed."Let's get outside," he said, turning towards the main entrance, "we can meet Hank and Alex there. We'll need to pick up Sean on the way.""Who's Sean?" Raven asked."The next mutant we were going to pick up," Charles replied. "The CIA know of him, so we can't risk leaving him where he is just in case someone goes to look."No one argued with him.As he walked he created a field around them that totally hid them from all personnel in the complex as well as keeping everyone well away from Hank and Alex. His mind was working on so many levels he had never felt quite like it before, but he led the others right out the front door. As they exited an army truck pulled up and the driver stepped out and handed him the keys before walking blankly back into the building."How are you doing all of that?" Darwin asked, clearly astonished."I learned a few things," he said, climbing into the driver's seat.Everyone else piled in and as soon as Hank and Alex appeared and joined them, Charles drove away, towards what he hoped was an entirely new future.~*~"This is yours?" Sean asked in a rather startled voice as they stood in front of the mansion where Charles had grown up."No," he said; "It's ours," and he meant every word of it.Finally he had a use for the cavernous house that had stood empty apart from the caretakers since the death of his mother."Honestly, Charles, I don't know how you survived. Living in such hardship," Erik said and Charles just grinned, because he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik/Charles - Relationship
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Slash
Mutant
Telepathy
Telepathic Sex
Alternate Universe - Canon
Alternate Timelines
Fix-It

fandom: 
Erik/Charles - Relationship
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

