Work Text:
“Lacey!” Peter called around the park, voice already hoarse. “Lacey, c’mere girl!” There was no response, and he bit back tears as he kept searching.
Things couldn’t be worse. The past week had been more than hectic--at every turn, it seemed like there was a villain that needed to have their ass handed to them by Spider-man, and it was usually when he was meant to be studying. He’d been forced to stay up well past his desired bedtime for nights, and he only managed to catch an hour or two of sleep at dawn before he had to get up and get on with his day.
Just last night, while running on only two hours of sleep in the past forty-eight, Peter had been the one to have his ass handed to him by a Doctor Doom-wannabe with a red cape. After leading the man on a merry chase for a good hour, the Avengers had shown up and promptly taken care of business.
While he was thankful for the help, Peter could have done without the obligatory “you-shouldn’t-be-doing-this” lecture from Captain America. The hero seemed to have it in his head that since Peter wasn’t an Avenger (and was obviously young), he needed extra guidance. And who better to give him said guidance than Captain America? If it wasn’t so annoying, he would feel flattered.
“Cap, listen,” Peter had finally cut in, holding up his gloved hand to stop Captain America. “I’ve been up for two days and I think I need stitches. I imagine what you have to say is really, really interesting and important, but can I get a rain check?”
A SHIELD agent had come up carrying a first aid kit, and Peter was quick to make his escape, ignoring Cap’s irritated calls for him to come back. He didn’t trust the nurse to not sneak his blood off for testing, or to simply dope him up enough that he wouldn’t be able to fight back when SHIELD dragged him away and made him ‘disappear.’
Gwen was able to patch up the worst of the cuts and burns (“He was shooting black, magic-y goop from his hands. There needs to be some kind of law about unregistered magic, Gwen, I swear.” “Yeah, well, we’re not in Harry Potter, so I don’t think that’s going to happen anytime soon.”), but Peter ached all over. She offered to let him spend the night, but he declined.
“I should go and spend some time with Aunt May,” he said as he hobbled to the door, Gwen hovering over him and prepared to catch him if he collapsed. “We haven’t hung out for the past couple of weeks.”
Gwen nodded, patting his shoulder carefully. “That sounds like something you need,” she agreed. “Go and watch a movie with her or something and then get some sleep. No studying or superhero-ing tonight. You’d end up just hurting yourself.”
“Thanks for the support,” Peter said sarcastically, earning him a scoff and a quick peck on the cheek.
Unfortunately, Aunt May wasn’t home by the time Peter had hobbled through the front door. A note on the fridge explained that she was out playing Bridge with some of her friends, and that there was lasagna in the fridge for his dinner and he needed to walk the dog.
Groaning pathetically, Peter had set his backpack down and grabbed the leash. Lacey yipped happily around his feet, nubby tail wagging so hard her body moved side to side. Bending down to hook the leash to her collar made his body throb, and he hissed in pain when she jerked against the lead.
Peter probably should’ve known that the universe wasn’t going to let him have a nice, relaxing stroll with the Corgi in the park. A mere five minutes into the walk, a squirrel caught Lacey’s eye. Within seconds she’d managed to wriggle out of her collar and was racing after it, barking like mad and disappearing into the bushes. Peter had taken off in a run to catch her, but the stitches in his side were quick to remind him of their presence and he was forced to stop.
That’s how he had gotten into this predicament: wandering around the park while shaking around a bag of treats, yodeling the dog’s name with a hoarse voice, and stitches that felt like they were ready to pop.
He was desperate to find the dog before Aunt May came home and realized that they were both missing. Peter didn’t think he’d be able to look her in the face ever again if he lost the dog. Lacey had been a gift from a couple of her friends right after Uncle Ben’s death. A companion for her to have while her Peter was off doing ‘teenager-ly things’ and she was sleeping alone for the first time in years.
Peter bit his tongue, searching helplessly. “Lacey!” he called again, ignoring the curious looks from passerbys. “Lacey, please, c’mere!”
“Dude, I hate to break it to you, but that’s no way to get a girl to come back.”
Peter whipped around, startled and frantic. The man took a step back, holding his hands up as a gesture of peace and jerking his head down to hide his face. The superhero noticed the baseball cap and large sunglasses he wore in an effort to hide numerous scars that covered his face, but the teenager couldn’t find it in himself to care about his appearance.
“I’m trying to find m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
Minor Violence
Slow Build
Mistaken Identity
In a sense

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

