Work Text:
It seems so patently unfair.  It isn't as though Charles can't tell what a magnificent body Erik has; the first time he met Erik, Erik was in a wet suit, for God's sake.  And his turtlenecks manage to simultaneously leave everything and nothing to the imagination: they cover so much, but cling so tightly.How a man like Erik, who thinks of his body as a tool more than anything else, who barely notices that he wakes up hard in the morning and practically sleeps through his quick jerkoff sessions in the shower (Charles doesn't try to listen in, but he's only human), who doesn't even notice when people are flirting with him (and on this road trip of theirs Charles has seen plenty of that, and would have seen more if he didn't step in to send people on their way with-- well.  It's not unethical to nudge them, he's decided, as Erik would only have said no anyway, and this saves them the pain of rejection): how Erik can be so bloody modest when it seems like he barely notices the reasons for modesty, Charles can't fathom, but it is driving him insane.Turtlenecks, suits, long-sleeved shirts; the man's entire body is a tease.*Then again, for Erik, that makes sense.For all the tightly-coiled, deep emotions running through him, Erik doesn't like to expose much about himself.  Charles has seen into his mind, watched through his eyes as he tracked Shaw those last few steps: Geneva to Argentina, Argentina to Florida.  His memories are a swirl of feelings: satisfaction, disgust, hatred, pain, anger, and perhaps, deep down, a stirring of arousal-- but in the moment, in the memory, so little of it showed through.  He didn't have to show those men anger in order to leave them intimidated or dead.  Erik has a phenomenal poker face, even in the eyes of someone like Charles.When people do get close enough to flirt, when Charles hasn't swept them away quickly enough, Charles can't get a read on Erik at all.  It would be unethical to dig into Erik's thoughts when Erik has told him in no uncertain terms to stay out of his mind, and nothing tends to float to the surface where Charles can simply pick it up out of mid-air, so Charles is forced to resort to body language.  And there's precious little of that to go on: no head inclines, no involuntary lip motions, no eyebrow gestures, he never turns his body toward or away from the people who are talking to him.If Erik's body is a tease, his mind is even worse.  Charles wants to understand him, wants that more than he can recall wanting anything else in his life, but Erik won't let him in.*Erik doesn't drink (much-- a glass of beer now and then, which has no effect on him that Charles can tell, mentally or physically), which has more or less turned Charles into more of a lush than he already was.He drinks to be social, to make connections with the mutants they're meeting on this whirlwind tour of the States; he drinks to pass the time, to keep himself out of that motel room where there's no one but himself and Erik, nothing but endless rounds of chess that feel like foreplay but never lead anywhere.He drinks, sometimes, because it makes his grip on his powers fall slack.  He can hear thoughts, but muffled, as if coming from the other side of a loud party.  And he can't be tempted, even a little, to do something invasive and absurd like having Erik unbutton his cuffs, roll his sleeves up to his elbows.  (God, Erik's forearms.  Charles has seen Erik in shirts so tight that Charles can map out Erik's veins, and he's watched Erik carrying heavy briefcases and even heavier suitcases; he's seen the stretch and strain in Erik's muscles.  What he wouldn't give to see them with his own eyes.)Now and then, Charles-- being anything but a monk-- does disappear with someone, particularly on nights when he's not sure he can stand to be cooped up in the same room with Erik all night, wanting to look but unable, wanting to read Erik's mind but having already promised to do nothing of the sort.  He tries to be back before dawn, but usually Erik's up and showered and shaved and dressed by then, ready to start the day, and Charles pays for his infidelity (it can't really be infidelity if nothing's going on between them, but somehow it's what Charles thinks of sleeping with other people, especially other men, especially tall men with narrow hips and square jaws, and can Erik really have missed the fact that Charles is easy for any man who even remotely resembles him, can that have failed to attract his attention?) with a thirty-six-hour or forty-eight-hour day.This one-- oh, hell, his name is... Carl or Connor or Cole or Chris, Charles doesn't remember-- he looks like Erik might if Erik could bend a little, relax somewhat.  If he slouched, or gave out seductive, lazy smiles over shared cigarettes and glasses of cheap scotch.  His hair's longer than Erik's, all soft and artfully tousled (or not so artfully, maybe he did just get out of bed), and he's got stubble, not just five o'clock, more like 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Charles Xavier/Other(s)

freeform: 
Jealousy
Rough Sex
Telepathy
Mind Control
First Time
Angry Sex
Shower Sex
Fingerfucking
Stranger Sex
Alcohol
Drunkenness
Drunk Sex
Pining

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Charles Xavier/Other(s)

