Chapter 1: Lost
    


Notes:
I’m mad late to Febuwhump but whatever lol. I wasn’t gonna do it at first but then almost halfway through the month at 2 am I decided to start on it lmao. Better late than never I guess. I might be writing these into March but whatever. Also, all of these one shots will be unrelated and NOT connected. Hope you like them!!!!Chapter Warning: Mentions of Major Character Death (Feel free to skip this chapter if you don't wanna read this one. Each chapter is an individual, unrelated one shot.)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

To say Peter was embarrassed would be an understatement.

It’s extremely humiliating to get lost in your own home city.

To be fair, Peter was from Queens, and Manhattan was never his specialty when it came to directions. But today, he’d swung his way over the Queensboro bridge and into Manhattan. It was just where his webs seemed to take him.

He knew why he felt like that, he just didn’t want to think about it.

Instead of asking Karen for directions, he just decided to swing aimlessly between the buildings, feeling the wind against his mask. He heard people on the ground shout, “Oh my god! It’s Spider-Man!” On most days, he’d swing down by them and give them a little wave, maybe do a flip in the air for them.

No today, though. Today, Peter stayed up high near the tops of the buildings.

He was sitting on the very top of what used to be Avengers Tower when the sun began to set.

His stomach growled.

Peter only then realized that he hadn’t eaten since noon.

Reluctantly, he dived off the roof, then shot out a web and swung into the air down the street. Again, he wandered aimlessly, just going where he felt. Avengers Tower wasn’t far from Times Square, so he wasn’t surprised to end up swinging through there, the big advertisements at his sides glowing in the dark night.

He finally stopped to catch his breath a couple blocks out of Times Square, perching on top of a street lamp. He looked around. Strange, this part of Manhattan looked vaguely familiar…

That’s when he spotted it.

The beat-up sign above a small diner that read 

‘NYC’s Best Burgers’

.

The tightness in Peter’s chest released slightly as tears began to prick at his eyes. He took off his mask, letting his tears flow freely.

He realized he hadn’t been lost at all. His subconscious had known exactly where to go.
 
⎊ ⎊ ⎊
 
Six years ago - although, to Peter, it only felt like last year - Tony had brought Peter to the little hole-in-the-wall diner known as 

‘NYC’s Best Burgers’

 as a reward for acing all his final exams.

As they approached the restaurant, Peter laughed. “Look at that title. Sounds like a tourist trap to me. Why should I even bother to look at this place?”

“Because they’re not lying, kid,” Tony had said to him then. “They really are the best burgers in the whole city.”

“I dunno, Mr. Stark. I think Five Guys is pretty good.”

“Oh, you take that back, you brat,” Tony playfully messed up Peter’s hair. “Trust me. I come here all the time. The owner’s my friend. Come on,” he opened the door and entered.

Peter followed behind him.

Inside was the classic white-and-black checkered tile floor of an old-timey diner. One wall was lined with red booths and tables, while the other had seats at a bar. To complete the vintage aesthetic, 50s music played on the radio out of ratty old speakers. It was basically empty, except for an elderly couple in the booth furthest from the door.

One of the men behind the bar waved to Tony, who waved back and took his seat on a booth. He gestured for Peter to sit across from him.

Peter slid into his seat. The springs in the booth felt worn out, but not to an annoying degree. Just in a comfortable, homey way. On the radio, a Nat King Cole song ended and a Frank Sinatra song began to play. The speakers were so old and ragged that the audio sounded fuzzy.

The man behind the counter who had waved to Tony walked over to them. “Hello, Mr. Stark,” he greeted. “You getting the usual?

“Yes, please,” Tony said with a smile.

The man nodded, then glanced at Peter. “And for… your…”

“-Kid,” Tony finished his sentence. “He’s my kid. He’ll have what I’m having. In fact, he’ll have two - he’d a growing boy, eats a lot, you know the deal. And you know what, throw in an egg cream for him as well. And fries to share.”

“You go it,” The man said, not even writing the order on his notepad. He made his way to the kitchen, shouting what seemed like code to the chefs.

“So what’d you get me? What’s your ‘usual’?” Peter asked Tony.

“Come on, Pete. Surely you know me well enough. What d’you think I ordered from the 

burger

 place?”

Peter didn’t even have to think about it. “Cheeseburgers.”

Tony shot him finger guns. “Bingo. Now trust me, they're the best you’ll ever have.”

“Even better than McDonalds?” Peter smirked.

“Yes, you brat. Even better than McDonalds.”

Since the diner was mainly empty, it didn’t take lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Febuwhump
Febuwhump 2020
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
One Shot
One Shot Collection
unrelated one shots
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
The Following Tags Only Apply to Some Chapters:
Post-Endgame
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Kidnapping
Trans Peter Parker
Trans Male Character
Gender Dysphoria
Angst
Protective Peter Parker
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Suicidal Thoughts
Hypothermia
Platonic Cuddling
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Adopted Peter Parker
Historical Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Medieval
Kid Peter Parker
Android Peter Parker
Anxiety
OCD

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

