Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Remind me again why I didn’t just take the armor?” Tony asked Happy as they sat at a standstill in New York City traffic.  He was late for his midtown meeting, but it wasn’t like they were really going to start without him.  Still.  Sitting in traffic was not how he wanted to spend his afternoon.  “Can’t you get around this?” He could swear he was able to hear impatient honking all the way down to Times Square.“Sorry, Boss.  It’s pretty bumper-to-bumper up here.  Construction or something goin’ on,” Happy replied congenially.  Of course, sitting in traffic didn’t really bother a chauffeur. “JARVIS?” Tony called into his phone.  “Alternate route, please.”“Calculating best alternative route now, Sir.  I have taken the liberty of sending the directions to your phone, as well as to Mr. Hogan’s,” the AI responded promptly.  Gotta love technology. “Hap, make it happen, my man,” Tony instructed, sitting back in his seat and going back to tapping away at the designs for the new suit.  He shifted slightly as the car veered suddenly off the street and down what appeared to be an alleyway, cutting past several blocks of stalled traffic.  “This doesn’t seem to exactly fit the definition of ‘street’ here, JARVIS,” Tony said drolly as the car careened past a dumpster. “Makin’ good time though, eh Boss,” Happy said confidently as he maneuvered the car into another narrow alley.  Tony imagined he could reach out the window and snatch the pot of flowers off one of the windowsills they passed.  Through sheer force of will, he didn’t hunch in on himself as the alley narrowed, and made himself focus on the designs illuminated on the tablet’s screen. Which is why he had absolutely no warning to brace himself or take any kind of defensive posture when the car suddenly impacted against something as they passed through an intersection in the alley, then twisted sharply, scraped against the brick of the side of the building and knocking into something that clanged loudly as it flew into the air and bounced off the roof of the car to land behind them.  Tony had just enough time to think “garbage can” before he Tony tumbled forward, tablet becoming a projectile as Happy hit the brakes with a stunted, “Holysh—“ and something….something solid connected with the front of the car, Tony felt the impact, but then the airbags deployed and he couldn’t see shit except a giant white pillow in his face and powdery dust in his nose and mouth. “Ha—Happy?  You okay?”  Tony asked, moving gingerly to reach for the man in the front seat. “Yeah…yeah…I’m…I’m okay, Boss, but…uh, I think we hit something,” Happy choked out.  It was more the way he said it than what he actually said, because, yeah, Tony’d felt the brunt of the impact, too.  But Happy’s voice quavered a bit, held enough trepidation that Tony caught the undertone a moment before Happy said it out loud.“Or someone.”Crap.“I’m jammed in here, Boss…door is smashed in a bit and won’t open.  Can you…can you get out?” Happy asked, turning back to look at Tony as best he could under the circumstances.Tony tried the door handle and with a couple of solid pushes against the frame, managed to get the door opened enough to wedge his way out.  He was at the back of the car now, and stretched his neck up to try to see to the front, but couldn’t quite make anything out other than that his car was pretty beat up and had managed to hit at least a couple of trash cans, including the one that had leapfrogged over the car, as the alleyway was littered with garbage and God-knows-what-all.  Testing his back and neck a bit, he carefully climbed on the trunk of the car and over the roof, sliding off the hood to the ground. Which was when he saw the man.He was sprawled against the brick wall that formed the side of one of the buildings that formed the intersection, just a few feet in front of the car’s front fender. “Oh, Jesus…” Tony breathed, taking in the smashed front of his car and the caved-in shape of brick outlining the man’s prone form.  He knelt down and reached out to run his hand through the man’s blond hair, looking for a head injury.  His fingers came away slick with blood.  Ok, so that was concerning.  He wiped his hand on his suit jacket before finally settling it on the man’s shoulder, shaking the man ever so gently. “Hey…hey there…you with me?”  Tony asked quietly, as he looked back over his shoulder to shout at Happy, but the good man was already on his phone, nodding in silent answer to Tony’s questioning look.  Tony turned back to the man on the ground and heard a low groan.  At least the guy was alive and breathing.Tony felt the man’s body jerk under where he had settled his hand on the man’s shoulder, and with a quickness belied by his current state, the man moved a hand up to grab Tony’s where it sat on his shoulder.  The man’s grip was surprisingly strong, so Tony counted that as a good sign.“You…you took quite a hit there…how…um…how are you feeling…anything broke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Getting Together
Getting to Know Each Other
Memory Loss
Identity Porn
Internalized Homophobia
Slow Build
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

