Work Text:
“Clint. Clint. Clint. Clint. Clint. Cl-“

Clint reached out without opening his eyes and rested his hand on the top of Tony’s head which served the dual purpose of stopping his bouncing and quieting his increasingly loud chatter. “Tony,” he said, his voice gravelly with sleep. “What did I say?”“But-““What did I say?” he asked again. “That I shouldn’t bounce on the bed to wake you up but Natasha said it was your turn to make breakfast and she wanted waffles and you weren’t getting up so I should come wake you up and –““Breathe, kid,” Clint said, fighting back a smile as he sat up without dislodging the 40-pound kid draped across his lap. “Do you remember why I said you shouldn’t bounce?”“Because someone could get hurt,” Tony answered with a pout.“Okay.” He kissed Tony on the forehead, and in response, Tony slumped against him. “Sorry,” Tony murmured.“It’s alright, kid. I just want you to know that there’s a reason when I ask you to do something, okay? Have I lied to you yet?”“No,” Tony muttered.“Okay then. Now, Tasha said she wanted waffles?”Tony nodded, his head in the space between Clint’s neck and chest, but was otherwise incredibly still. It wasn’t the first time they’d run into this reaction with Tony over the past three days of his current tenure as a four-year old. Clint didn’t think Tony’d been physically abused as a kid, but his response to an adult who was potentially angry was classic abused kid behavior (he’d taken a psychology class or two, okay, not to mention his own upbringing).“Hey,” Clint said gently, running his hands gently up and down Tony’s back. “I’m not mad, Tony. I just need you to be careful. You know how we’ve talked about how it’s a bad idea to sneak up on Bruce and how when Steve’s being quiet, loud noises are a bad idea?”Tony nodded again.“Well, that’s the same reason you shouldn’t bounce on me when I’m asleep.” He reached up and removed one of his hearing aids. “See these?” He continued when he saw Tony peek and nod. “They help me hear, and I don’t always wear them to bed.” He had fallen asleep in his hearing aids the night before, which meant he was going to be in a world of hurt later, but he honestly hadn’t meant to; he’d been reading and fallen asleep over his book. “So when you bounce on me, and I can’t hear you, I might hurt you without meaning to.” He’d punched more than one bed partner for that reason.Tony uncurled slightly, turning his head to look more closely at the hearing aid in Clint’s palm. “Okay?” Clint asked, hugging Tony slightly with his free hand.Tony nodded. “Sorry for bouncing on you.”“Apology accepted,” Clint said with a grin. “Now, why don’t you run and tell Tasha that I’ll be down in a couple minutes, and see if she’ll set you up with chocolate milk.”Tony smiled brightly and nodded before scrambling off Clint’s lap.Clint flopped back down with a sigh. It had been three days since Tony had, with the aid of magic, been transformed into a four year old kid, complete with arc reactor. They’d been fighting some magic user Thor had recognized, and she’d gotten a lucky strike in at Tony, which had sent the suit careening into Clint’s rooftop. Once Clint had managed to get the suit off a clearly panicking Tony, he’d been shocked to find not the man he’d expected, but a boy of maybe 5, who had no idea what was going on. He’d latched on to Clint, and had been terrified of everyone else once they’d gotten to the ground.The kid had been his near constant shadow ever since. A three-foot tall-forty-pound-dark-haired-dark-eyed-never-shut –up-once-he’d-realized-Clint-would-never-ever-do-more-than-ask-him-to-stop-talking shadow.Clint was fucking exhausted. It was no wonder he’d passed out with his aids still in. He was surprised he’d even made it to bed. With another sigh, he pulled himself up, scrubbing his hands over his face and hair. Clint felt woefully unprepared to look after a kid, but even though Tony’d gotten more comfortable with everyone but Steve, he’d still stuck like glue to Clint’s side. The others helped, Bruce in particular doing science with the kid when Clint needed a break, but Tony was staying in Clint’s guest room. “Messages, JARVIS?” Clint asked as he pulled himself to his feet, tucking the hearing aid back into place. “Agent Sitwell confirms that security plans are in place for your outing today,” JARVIS responded. “He has sent the details to you.”“Good,” Clint responded, slipping into a pair of well-worn jeans. “Anything else?” he asked before sniffing his tee-shirt and deciding it was okay to wear down to the communal kitchen.“Nothing of note, sir,” JARVIS responded.“Thanks, JARVIS,” Clint answered, sliding into a pair of fleece-lined house shoes and heading for the elevator. “Who’s up?”“Everyone is in the kitchen,” the AI responded as the elevator descended to the common level. True to his word, everyone was assembled in the kitchen. Tony was perched in a backwards chair, his chin resting on the back as he watched Bruce work over the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Kid Tony Stark
Implied past child neglect
Deaf Clint Barton

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

