Work Text:
Curiosity killed the cat-Satisfaction brought it back.~Folk Rhyme***In retrospect, Erik possibly should have been suspicious. All of the mannerisms were the same, the coloring was almost exactly correct, and whiskey in the milk? A dead giveaway.Although, to his credit, the last thing a man thinks of during the week after he’s broken up with the person who he’s certain is the love of his life is, upon seeing a bedraggled, frantic cat crouching on his stoop on a rainy night, “Oh, look! It’s Charles, and he’s been transformed into a cat by a malevolent government program! I wonder how I can change him back and thereby secure his love forever and ever, amen?”(Erik’s dilemma was entirely understandable.)***The breakup was, without question, the worst he’d ever had to endure. There was no throwing of items - he’d have been able to duck those - nor were there weapons pulled  -he’d done his stint in the Israeli army, thank you, and then German special forces, and now shady British things. It wasn’t even very loud, Erik’s entire universe ending not with a bang, but a whimper.The whimper was his, and the lack of bang was Charles’s. He had sat Erik down and quietly explained why half the furniture was missing, and everything that they catastrophically didn’t have in common, and that he’d found a flat out in Islington and please don’t look up the number, there’s a good chap. He even closed the door quietly as he left and took Erik’s reason to stay shaven and sober with him.Not being able to tell his lover anything about his work had been difficult. He hadn’t realized that the secrecy and long hours would be a death knell.Emma was surprisingly sympathetic. The blonde American liaison from Langley’s branch office had come over, taken one look at Erik, and turned on her heel and walked out. He didn’t want to know what the expression on his face had been like. She reappeared half an hour later with several bottles of expensive Polish vodka and another five boxes of tissues, saving him from sitting on the couch in the dark and listening to That Year, the female singers' melancholy voice wailing on repeat for hours on end.They sat together in silence through the first bottle, and around the middle of the second one  - and Predator vs. Alien, because every breakup needs blood - she belched daintily and said, “That fucker. I’ll make my dog piss on his dissertation for you.”Erik managed something that tried to be a laugh, but it didn’t last for long.He cried into the shoulder of her expensive cashmere sweater all that night, and promptly forked over twenty pounds so that she could take it to her fussy organic drycleaner the next day.It didn’t really help, but it gave him the incentive to bathe and get dressed and leave the flat, if just barely. After all, time, tide, and M waited for no man, whether or not he was walking around with half of his heart missing.(M was especially impatient on days when his asshole younger brother had gotten bored and synthesized mustard gas in his kitchen. But, then again, if that happened, anyone would be feeling pissy.)***It was about a month after the Awful Day that he came home late, later than late, so late it was almost early, and in a torrential downpour, only to find that he wasn’t the first one to reach the doorstep of his building.A cat was huddled there, miserable and soaking, shaking from a combination of cold and fear, and crying out ever so often, as if calling for someone. Probably its owner, or possibly its mate, but no matter: no living being had any business being outside this time of night.Erik folded his umbrella shut and walked forward slowly, so as not to further frighten the poor animal. It didn’t have any collar on, but looked too sleek to be a stray. It was a tabby, dark with rain, but a tweedy sort of color, with little white front paws and a white bib. Erik was willing to bet that, when dry, its belly markings would make it look as though it were wearing a suit.He very carefully did not think about the last person he knew who wore tweeds on a regular basis.The cat shivered, hard, as a gust of wind blew a sheet of rain across its back, and whimpered, trying to huddle tighter. It started when Erik crouched down in front of it, jerking back, its bright blue eyes very wide.Erik reached out one finger and carefully stroked it behind the cat’s ear. “Hey there, puss. I won’t hurt you. Come on now, let’s get in out of the rain, shall we?”He’d expected to have to coax the poor thing to have to come to him. He hadn’t expected that the cat would let out a relieved trill and practically worm its way around his neck and over his shoulders, wet little cheek pressed to his own and purring with relief.The cat was a tom, something Erik had been at an angle to discern when he removed it from around his neck. It wasn’t a particularly large cat, just a middling size, small enough to get stuck under things but more than large enough to steal one’s entire pillow at night. It also had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Kitty!Fic
Giving Alcohol to Animals
Everyone is a Moron
Sappiness
Erik Crying
Lack of Dialogue
Gratuitous Mycroft
Crack
Author Can't Write Porn
Author Has A Mental Affliction

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

