Work Text:
With the wind whistling in his ears, his feet twelve stories off the ground, and the lifeblood of his city pulsing in the streets below, Peter Parker was happy.
There wasn’t much that made him happy, but this – helping, rescuing, looking out of the little guy – this did. He retrieved and returned an elderly woman’s stolen purse. He helped a crying child find her parents. He snatched that indecisive cat off the street as a taxi sped by, and Mister Delmar grinned and waved at him in thanks. Peter waved back, and beneath the mask, he smiled, too. This was helpful. This was making a difference in his tiny slice of the world. This was fun.
Until, of course, it wasn’t.
Patrol was pleasant for the first hour or two. Then came the lilt, the rhythmic drag of his arms through the air, the steep decline in both his mood and his altitude. The weighted drop of once-wide eyelids. The quieting of a bird’s song; the piano’s decrescendo. The fall.
It didn’t matter how high he swung – the comedown always found him.
Peter came to a stumbled stop on the sidewalk, wincing at the impact on his ankles, the still-attached web yanking at his wrists. Down the darkened alleyway to his left, his ratty backpack was webbed to the side of a dumpster. He took his finger off the webshooter, letting his line fall to the ground, and staggered down the alley. Chest tight, face red, and covered in a thin sheen of sweat, he tried to remember how to breathe.
This was his penance.
 
 
By the time he stumbled into Tabar’s hideout – or, as Peter liked to call it, Tabar’s lair – he’d changed into the baggy jeans and stained T-shirt from his backpack. His civilian clothes hadn’t been washed in weeks and were, according to one of his clients, ‘more wrinkled than an elephant’s ass,’ but they worked.
They weren’t Spider-Man. They separated his two personas, the untainted altruism of one kept sheltered from the selfish debris of another. For that reason alone, Peter couldn’t find it in himself to complain.
And, besides: he had nothing to complain about. He did these things to himself. This was the reaping of what he’d sown. This was, for better or worse, the life he had chosen to live.
“Back again so soon?” Tabar shot a cracked-tooth grin over his shoulder. “Guess I’m the only dealer you trust ‘round here, eh?”
Peter stepped into the building, which he thought might have once been a boutique of some sort. Now, it was only a dirty concrete floor and graffiti-adorned brick walls, imprisoning people who were free to leave but did not know it. Light filtered in through the only unboarded window. The scent of musk and mold was familiar, nearly comforting. He stepped over an unconscious man’s foot on his way in.
Peter said, “Of course you are.” He thought, I have twenty.
Tabar chuckled and waved him over. Peter went. The spoon and lighter in his back pocket suddenly weighed a thousand pounds. His hands shook – whether from the beginnings of withdrawal or with excitement, he couldn’t tell. Both, maybe. He stood and waited, externally patient but internally screaming, as Tabar weighed out his hit, eyes tracking the man’s every slightest movement to ensure he would get what he paid for.
There wasn’t much that made Peter happy, but this – watching the powder melt over the open flame, the slide of the needle into his starving, begging veins – this –
This did.
 
 
Tabar kicked his leg. “The money, kid.”
Peter sighed. His eyes, glassy and unfocused, slid over the floor he sat on until they landed on his backpack. He grappled for it, missing a few times before he managed to hook his thumb over one of the straps and drag it closer. He unzipped the bag and began to dig.
And dig. And dig.
Peter thought of this backpack, webbed to a dumpster each day and left unattended – and how incredibly, unbelievably stupid he was. Beneath the warm euphoria thrumming through the interstates of his body, a dull sense of panic set in.
“I’m…” Peter blinked, slow and languid. His tongue, sluggish, too heavy to move, struggled to form the words. “My money. It…’s gone. Some – someone…”
Peter fully expected this confession to be met with another, harsher kick, perhaps to his ribs or head this time. Instead, Tabar crouched down to his level – and smiled.
No. ‘Smile’ was not the right word. ‘Smile’ was too innocent for Tabar’s expression. It was a lip-curled leer, the man’s chipped, yellow teeth mere inches from Peter’s face.
“Well, kid,” Tabar said quietly. “How do you get your money in the first place?”
Even as high up in the atmosphere as he was, Peter could not have possibly missed the rhetoric nature of the question. He swallowed hard.
“Y…you kn’w how,” he whispered, struggling to maintain eye contact, because if he did – if he didn’t turn away, didn’t say no – then maybe he could convince himself that this was fine. That this was his choice; that he was consenting. That everything was okay. “You know.”
“Well, then.” Tabar chuckled, eyes alight with glee as he unbuttoned his fil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers

freeform: 
Avengers Family
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Substance Abuse
Drug Addiction
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has Issues
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Orphan Peter Parker
Prostitution
basically peter is Not Having A Very Good Life and the avengers emotionally adopt him
completed series

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers

