Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter blinked his eyes open, dim light stinging as he struggled to adjust. He pushed himself up to sitting and felt a thin cushion under his hands. His head bumps against something hard and he groaned in annoyance. The smell of basement filled his nose sending his mind reeling. This wasn't where he'd fallen asleep.He remembered Tony Stark wrapping an arm around his shoulders as he stood shaking in his excitement to meet the man. He had been excited enough to be invited despite only being an intern, but then THE Tony Stark had appeared and not only spoke to him, but made physical contact. He must have passed out like the embarrassing nerd he was and somehow ended up... In the basement?But why... Why was he in a cage?Peter hands wrapped around the thin metal bars. It wasn't just a cage, it was a kennel meant for a large dog. He grabbed the door, but as his eyes fell on the latch he sobbed. Someone had padlocked the latch to the bars. He tried to slide it over just enough to get it open, but it was no use."Hello?" Peter called out. "Is someone there? Please! Please I'm trapped down here!" He sobbed, fear creeping in.Odds were, if anyone was around it would only be whoever stuck him in a cage in the first place. Maybe it was just some kind of prank. Someone was hazing the little intern who was lucky enough to be invited to one of Mr. Stark's parties.Peter's stomach dropped. What had happened with Mr. Stark? Had he made a fool of himself in front of his hero?He heard the soft creaking of old hinges as a door opened. Footsteps tapped down wooden stairs. A shadow grew as a figure blocked the light from the stairway. Tony Stark entered the room."How you doing, kid?" He asked. A friendly smile lit up his handsome face."Please, Mr. Stark. Can you get me out of here?"He shrugged. "I could, but I don't want to. Not yet. I want you to understand what's happening here first." He approached the cage and sunk into a crouch.Peter shook his head. No, he didn't understand and he was terrified. Nothing good was happening here."Last night, I took you from the party. Got you into one of my cars. You were so pretty and blushing, hanging off my arm, desperate to please..." He smiled wistfully as he looked away. Peter blushed. "Then I gave you a little something to drink."Tony grimaced. "It must not have agreed with you. You passed out pretty quickly. You didn't even make it to the city limits.""You drugged me?" Peter moved away from the bars, putting as much distance between them as the cage would afford."Don't worry. I was careful to give you just enough. It shouldn't have caused you any harm and you only fell asleep so it's not like you hit your head. Drooled a little on my shoulder, though.""Why would you do that?""Because, dear," Tony reached a hand out and touched the bars. "I wanted to. Because you're beautiful. Because I want you."Peter shuddered. He pulled back from the bars. "You can't just drug people and put them in cages!""Why not?" The man grinned. "I'm Tony Stark. I can do whatever I want. I have the money and the resources to make you disappear. According to all legal records, you died last night. Body so unrecognizable that if it weren't for the cell phone that was recovered from the burning car, the police would have no idea it was you.""You..." Peter blanched. He thought he might puke. "You killed someone... To fake my death?""Now even your closest friends and family won't be looking for you. You don't exist any more." The sparkle in his eye was so self satisfied that Peter wanted to punch him."I'm sure this is a lot to take in," Tony smirked. "I'll leave you to think it through."He stood and turned away from the cage."You're just going to leave me like this?" Peter's fingers wrapped around the bars once more."You're mine now, dear. I can do whatever I like with you. Do yourself a favor and accept it."Tony kept walking, all the way up the stairs, ignoring Peter as he called out to him.Peter wrapped his arms around his legs. The basement was cold and dim. He felt alone. He felt lost. It made him sick what Tony had done. Was it possible that his aunt really believed he was dead? She had to know that he was still alive. She had to be looking for him. He clung tightly to the idea that May would somehow figure it out and send the police to rescue him.By the time Tony returned, Peter was sore from sitting on the thin cushion, which he had realized was nothing more than a large dog bed."So, how are you fairing?" Tony called. His voice was sympathetic. "Scared? Hungry? I brought you some dinner."Dinner? Peter thought. How long had he been down there in the basement?Peter refused to meet his eye. "I want to go home.""You are home, dear."There was a thunk as Tony set the plate he was holding on a table. "Would you like to eat?""I want to go home," Peter repeated.Tony sighed. "I'm going to let you out and you're going to eat your food. And we're not going to have anymore talk of this 'going home' 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Dark!Tony
Bondage
collaring
Cages
Cock Cages
Spanking
Painful Sex
Drowning
Water Torture
Gaslighting
Mind Break
Manipulation
fear kink
Dehumanization
Physical Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Stockholm Syndrome
sensory depravation
Crossdressing
Branding
Crying
Dacryphilia
Ass to Mouth
Mindbreak
Overstimulation
Prostate Orgasm
Choking
Anal Fisting
Minor Character Death
Murder

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

