Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Hey, Spidey, you can’t just leave me like this!”Peter didn’t bother turning around to look at where he had Deadpool up against the wall with his  hands and feet bound with webbing.  He answered dismissively, “The webbing will dissolve in a few hours.  You’ll be fine.  I suggest when it does dissolve, you take your trouble-making self out of my city.  I have no interest in having to baby-sit you while I’m trying to work.”He raised his arm and aimed, readying himself to swing away.“That’s not what I meant.” Deadpool called, the hint of desperation in his voice halting Peter’s departure.  “Seriously, man, you can’t just leave me like this.”“What are you talking about…?” Peter started to say as he turned towards Deadpool.Deadpool nodded his head significantly down, indicating his lower body.  And the very obvious erection that he was sporting.“Oh.”“Yeah.”“When did…?”  Peter knew he was going to regret hearing the answer--because seriously, Deadpool--but he couldn’t stop himself.  “Was it the fighting or the tying up?”“The fighting,” Deadpool muttered.Peter’s eyebrow arched up in surprise, though Deadpool couldn’t see it.  “Seriously?”“Yeah, well, don’t tell me you don’t get hard fighting sometimes, and fuck, have you seen your ass?  All pert and tight, and gliding under that spandex—”Peter flushed and he was glad that his mask hid his face.  “OK, I get the point.”“The tying up bit made it worse because seriously, mix in a little shibari style, and you should be charging money for this, it’s so fucking hot…”“I get it,” Spider-Man insisted more forcefully.Deadpool pouted petulantly.  “You asked.”“I know.  I did.  I regret it.”“Anyway, seriously man, you can’t just leave me like this.  I don’t want to be left hanging in your webs in this state for someone to come by and laugh at me.  Or worse, snap a shot and instagram or tweet this shit.  This city is super-hero central.  Someone will come by, and I get laughed at enough, y’know?  Hurts a guy’s feelings.”They were tucked up in a tight corner on a rooftop, not particularly visible unless someone was flying directly past or overhead, which, considering Deadpool’s point—that they were in super-hero central—was entirely possible.  Deadpool might be an annoying mercenary who probably deserved most of what he got, but Peter wasn’t that much an asshole to leave someone in such an embarrassing state.  There had been enough terribly embarrassing things that had happened to Peter that were spread all over social media so he knew how much it did hurt.Still, he couldn’t resist being a bit of a bastard.  Because it was Deadpool and Peter was at least somewhat an asshole so he had to give the guy a hard time first.  He placed a hand on his hip and commanded, “Beg me.”“…Wha…?” Deadpool wondered, confusion clear in his face despite the mask.“You heard me.  Beg.”And he did.  “Oh, please, Spidey, I need this.  I need to feel you.  Your hands, your mouth.  Oh, please.  Your mouth…the hot wetness enveloping me…I need it.  Please…”Peter’s jaw dropped open.  Wow.  That was not the kind of begging he had been expecting.  He had thought Deadpool would beg to be released, not...for release.********************Spider-Man was just standing there at the moment, but Wade figured he only had a few more seconds before the superhero got over his shock and kicked his ass.  What Wade was saying was completely true, and he thrilled in the opportunity to say it in a way that he could pass off as joking, so he continued, desperate and breathless, “I need you.  Please, oh please, I need you.  Fuck me.  Bend me over, slam into me.  Make me scream.  I need to feel you inside me.  Filling me up.  Fuck me until I can’t stand up.  Please, please.  I need it…I…what are you doing?”Wade broke off his begging in confusion as he discovered that suddenly Spider-Man was pressed up against him and was sliding down his body.“YOU were the one asking for this,” Spider-Man retorted and then he was lowering Deadpool’s pants and boxers down his thighs.  At some point in all of this, Spider-Man had pulled his mask up over his mouth and yes, that was indeed a Spider-Man’s mouth touching him.  Licking him, and oh my god Spider-Man was swallowing him and he couldn’t…“I’m coming…” he barely got out in warning before he shuddered, shooting come into Spidery-Man’s mouth.Wade watched as Spider-Man leaned back onto his heels and wiped off some come that had dribbled out of the corner of his mouth.Fuck.  He hadn’t been this quick on the draw since he was a teen.  And he had come in Spider-Man’s mouth, and you just don’t do that to someone without making sure they want it!“Well, that was quick.”Spider-Man didn’t sound upset about having Wade come in his mouth, so that was a relief, but he did sound amused, and that was almost as bad, because now Spider-Man was going to be laughing at him about how pathetic he was.  And he wanted to curl up in a little ball, cover his face with his hands, or at the very
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Mildly Dubious Consent
Light Dom/sub
Light Bondage
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Fluff and Smut
Hurt
Comfort
Bottom Wade Wilson
Top Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

