Chapter 1: Phoenix Rising
    




Chapter Text
A proud phoenix rising from the ashes of destruction invokes powerful imagery and deep admiration from those that witness the rebirth. The notion of being reborn strikes a chord in all humans. There are few people so arrogant as to believe they have lived their life to the best of their ability. There are mistakes, regrets, false starts, lost loves, missed chances, lies, debts, and betrayals that consume every person because that is the human condition. People always dream of the path not taken and lust after the greener grass of their neighbor's yard. Humans live their lives in an almost constant state of restlessness, upheaval, and folly. Alexander Pope once said to err is human. Imperfection is the cornerstone of humanity. However, the flaws make the flames of the pyre burn brighter and ensure that the end is breathtaking.One could say that there was no end quite as spectacular as the fall of the once mighty S.H.I.E.L.D. organization. It burned as violently and brightly as the helicarriers did when they fired upon themselves and exploded in the sky. Everything S.H.I.E.L.D. ever stood for was betrayed and its fall left a magnificent burning crater to mark the place it once held in the world. However, while their enemies warmed their hands next to the funeral pyre, S.H.I.E.L.D. was rebuilding, reassembling, rising from the ashes.In the nearly twelve months after S.H.I.E.L.D.'s fall, Hydra and governments around the world that classified them as terrorists or enemy combatants decimated the organization's infrastructure and resources. Former Director Fury had planned for a catastrophic end such as this by squirreling away money, weapons, and equipment at three highly classified secret bases. One of those bases, Paradise, had been compromised when Maria Hill led Major Talbot there.However, the other two bases had escaped detection and were now the foundation of the rebuilding agency. As great as Fury's planning was, the resources he set aside in case of emergency were not enough to finance S.H.I.E.L.D.'s rebuild in its entirety. They would need to collect resources from other avenues.One of the generous benefactors was none other than Tony Stark. He trusted Phil Coulson even if he didn't trust anyone else that worked for the organization. He trusted the funny looking man in the poorly selected navy and black suits was the right person to rebuild it. Tony didn't always love S.H.I.E.L.D.'s methods but he was certain that the world needed the organization to help protect it from incomprehensible threats. Despite their arrogance, the world was not ready to protect itself from alien threats or villains with superpowers. Loki and the Chitauri's attack on New York was proof positive of the world's incompetence. If not for the Avengers, the Earth would be kissing Loki's ring for the next several thousand years.Tony spent two months working with Phil to help modernize the Playground. A large portion of the technology used to run the base came from Stark Industries. However, Skye was the person Director Coulson trusted to implement the upgrades and security protocols. It was no surprise to anyone that he made her the head of the Security Technology Department.However, even with Tony's help their uncomfortable relationship with countries including the United States was hampering the rebuilding effort. S.H.I.E.L.D. needed capital to rebuild. They had an acceptable amount of money in reserve that Hydra was unable to liberate but it wasn't enough.Normally, if they were in a bind financially they could ask for assistance from the United States, the European Union, or Japan. However, even the countries not hostile toward the agency were unwilling to open their checkbooks. Politicians across the world were concerned about looking foolish again. They were all beholden to their constituents in one way or another. However, public opinion of S.H.I.E.L.D. was starting to shift into a more favorable light because of Phil's current operations.Director Coulson was focusing his efforts on apprehending the criminals Hydra freed to distract him in the days after S.H.I.E.L.D. fell. The freed super-criminals were wreaking havoc all over the world and were now working with rogue assets from SH.I.E.L.D.'s index. Bands of super-powered criminals roamed freely taking whatever they liked and killing anyone foolish enough to get in their way.Most of the governments were overwhelmed and frankly were not capable of containing them even if they managed to capture them. Coulson knew that incarcerating these dangerous individuals was down to him. Apprehending the criminals served dual purposes, he needed to protect the innocent citizens that were suffering in their wake. Moreover, he hoped it would engender some sort of appreciation from the governments that were wary of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s true intentions. He looked upon the public's increasingly favorable view of the agency as a positive sign.In the meanti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Skye/Grant Ward
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Attempted Murder
Prison
No need for redemption
Assassins
Aftermath of Violence
Non-Graphic Smut
Angst
Fluff
Fake Marriage
Fake Character Death
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Skye/Grant Ward
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

