Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Dear Card Dealer of Life,I feel like there is something sketchy happening within your system. You see, for whatever the reason, I keep getting handed the crappy cards. Maybe it’s just a bad hand this round. Maybe next time I play, I’ll be lucky.The thing is, though, too many bad things have happened for it all to be a coincidence. Here’s just a basic list of things that have happened to me in my short 15 years of living:  - My parents are killed in a plane crash  - Uncle Ben is killed in the Battle of New York (in which literal aliens fly out of a giant wormhole in the sky).   - I got bit by a radioactive spider and gain super powers (this is not necessarily a bad thing)  - Aunt May is shot and killed in a mugging gone wrong.I hope you can see how this all is just a little too much. So, if you could very kindly back the fuck off, I’d appreciate it. Sincerely, Peter Benjamin Parker.* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *It’s public knowledge - for anyone who bothers to look it up - that Peter Parker has had a tragedy filled life. He has been orphaned twice now, and he’s barely 15. Like, his birthday was not even 10 days ago. He’s not sure what he did to piss off the universe so much, but he’s sorry, okay?  For a 15 year old, he can (and has) survived a lot. When May died, Peter went into the foster care system. The first family he went to was very kind, but two weeks into the arrangement, the mom’s job moved them across the country, and Peter wasn’t allowed to go with them. He just hoped the next foster home was good. As the car pulled up to the small house, his spidey sense started buzzing. It was a soft hum at first, but the closer he got to the door, the louder it got. Peter nearly doubled over in pain when the door to the house opened. He felt like he was being electrocuted on the inside. His spidey sense was screaming, but not like an  ‘ah, I’m scared’ scream, it felt more manic, like a patient in a psych ward who didn’t take their meds.  Mrs. Gunther, Peter’s social worker, introduced the teen to the man standing in the doorway. “Steven Westcott, but you can call me Skip.” The man had a large crooked smile plastered on his face - his yellow stained teeth on display. If Mrs. Gunther saw through the large man’s facade, she didn’t say anything. In fact, she didn’t say anything else to either of them before pulling Peter’s duffel bag out of the trunk of the car, placing it on the ground by Peter’s feet, and leaving.  Once the social workers car had turned the corner, Skip dropped his act. His eyes scanned over Peter’s body, up and down several times, before promptly turning on his heel and marching inside the house. When Peter didn’t follow, Skip grabbed his arm, and dragged him inside the house. The door hadn’t fully closed before the older man slapped the teenager across the face. He pinched Peter’s cheeks tightly between his thumb and forefinger, pulling his face closer to his. “You get in my way, and I will kill you.” The strong scent of alcohol, assaulted Peter’s sensitive nose, almost making him gag. “You are just my paycheck. I can always replace you with someone else.”  Two weeks.  There is a lot that Peter Parker can handle, but in just two weeks, Skip had broken him. Between the daily (sometimes twice daily) beatings and restricted food (meaning he was only given one PB&J sandwich everyday) Peter was already close to his breaking point. Then Skip had to come into his room one night. After that, Peter left.  He packed a few items into his duffel bag (Including the blanket from his bed, because he’s not an idiot. He knows it gets cold at night.) and left.  Okay, he also may have stolen the cash from Skip’s wallet, but in his mind it was the least the man could do after he had stolen Peter’s childhood from him.  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Peter Parker has been living on his own - as a homeless runaway - for a month. He is currently “living” in an abandoned apartment building. It’s only temporary. There’s a risk that comes from staying in one place too long, and it’s not one Peter is willing to take. Since leaving, Peter’s had to stop going to school. He went to school the first day after he ran away, but was called to the principal's office during his second period class. Ned had given him a weird look, but Peter shrugged his shoulders, trying to hide his panic. He doesn’t know if it was his spidey sense that helped him out or just a gut feeling (would they be counted as the same thing?), but Peter knew something bad was going to happen. When he walked into the office, Principal Morita was sitting behind his desk. In front of him was Mrs. Gunther and Skip. All of them wearing an expression filled with worry - although Skip’s worrying was for a different reason. One look at the adults in front of him, and Peter was sprinting out the door. He ignored their calls for him to stop. There was nothing - NOTHING - that was going to make him willi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Angst
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Child Abuse
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Homeless Peter Parker
Foster Care
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Mild Language
Not Canon Compliant
Not Beta Read
I Take Full Responsibility For My Mistakes
Angst with a Happy Ending
Peter Parker is a Mess
Panic Attacks
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Dad Mode
and he doesn't even know it
Legal Inaccuracies
Adoption
Original Character(s)
Adopted Peter Parker
BAMF Pepper Potts
Awesome Pepper Potts
Shopping
Suits Are Expensive
And Peter Doesn't Want One
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Protective Pepper Potts
I Think Flash Wet His Pants A Little
Don't Mess With A Mama Bear's Child
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Steakhouse Lingo Is Hard
Did Anyone Order Angst With A Side Of More Angst?
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Self-Worth Issues
Peter Parker Whump
Friday is Sassy
Heart to Hearts
Press Conference
Family Feels
angry teenager
Puberty Sucks
Lasagna Is Basically A Thinly Layered Pizza
All The Feels In Here
Mental Health Issues
Therapy
Russian
Natasha always knows
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
pepperony wedding
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

