Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
PrologueNot much can be said about a junkyard. It was a trash heap, a place where people sent things they deemed worthless to rust, rot, and wither away amongst all other pieces of garbage. It was meant to be nothing more than such, but more it became. Children saw it as a treasure trove for the ultimate game of hide and seek. Teenagers and young adults saw it as the ultimate hangout spot where they can get away with all kinds of shit. Drinking, dealing, sex, running away from parents and life in general, paintball, the works. Adults mostly saw it for what it was, just a trash heap.HYDRA, however, saw it as something more.The junkyard in question was in the middle of the forest about a mile or so from a small New Jersey town. It was abandoned, desolate and disused after the town started expanding westward, leaving it to decay. Apart from an old farmhouse where an elderly couple formerly resided before passing on in their sleep, there was nothing but trees, bugs, and wildlife for miles.Until HYDRA made its mark.Down in the desolate area, passing by stacks of rusting cars and trash heaps, charged in a man who was not in the mood to be trifled with. A man who once possessed a handsome, charming quality that matched his outgoing, alluring personality. A man who was now the opposite of alluring and charming. A man with an X on his chest, a burned and misshapen face, and a terrifying thirst for vengeance all working together in harmony.  A man who was called Crossbones.Marching through the filth and muck of the yard, the sun just barely peeking over the tops of trees in the early morning light before inevitably covered by the thick set of clouds hovering in the sky, Crossbones grabbed hold of a forgotten crowbar and sent it flying into the nearest windshield, shattering the already broken glass upon impact. He was angry, incensed beyond comprehension. Positively boiling over the colossal fuck up that was the last mission. How could it have gone so wrong?!The Avengers were handled, the tower was vulnerable, and Kilgrave was there for the taking. There is no possible reason why the mission failed as badly as it did, no explanation that could ease the rage threatening to overflow from the HYDRA agent. His two best teams filled with the best assassins, agents, and so much more were neutralized in a manner of seconds. 36 men either ashes or rotting somewhere cold and alone. 36 men Crossbones swore up and down to his superiors were enough to take out The Avengers, destroy their A.I., and find out what Kilgrave knows about Omega 13 and Insight.And now he had to explain to those same superiors how and why his specially chosen men failed in their tasks even though he still hadn’t debriefed on the full situation just yet. He gritted his teeth, moving towards the hidden panel installed in the oldest stack of rusted cars. Crossbones was not a speechmaker, the last guy to be picked for motivational crap and rallying the troops. He’s the guy that gets shit done, rag on his opponent a little bit, and then move along.The foot-tall metal door opened with a creaky popping sound and promptly fell to the earth floor. Crossbones rolled his eyes and kicked it aside, too frustrated to fix it now. He typed in 1941, listened for the bleep, and then turned around to face the retinal scanner that emerged from the snow-covered dirt. He leaned down slightly, opening his eyes as wide as his burned face would allow him too, and kept still as the blue light from the scanner swept across his eyes.A loud, robotic sounded from the robot before speaking slowly in its monotone voice. “Welcome back, Mr. Rumlow. Please remain still as you descend.”A loud crack, motors whirring away, and suddenly Brock Rumlow was lowered beneath the ground. Descending further and further until disappeared from the junkyard and emerged into the underground estate that held one of the three last remaining HYDRA headquarters. The other two were in deep in underground bunkers in the middle of farmland. One in Mother Russia, the other on the outskirts of London.Insight was a specialized project made up of scientists that were tasked to find the ultimate second gender from all three identifications. Alpha, Beta, and Omega. Created by both HYDRA and SHIELD for mutual goals and hoping for the same results. Much of the project dealt with experimentation that commonly involved unwilling parties. Experimentation that tested the body, the mind, and the will of each subject that turned up on the surgical table. Modifications of the most horrendous sort performed on the subjects, leaving them deformed, maimed, dead, or some combination of the three. It also involved a far worse experimentation, one that would enrage even the most depraved individuals across the globe.Forced second gender modifications.If an Omega was brought in on the table, they would leave as a Beta or 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Pietro Maximoff/Steve Rogers
Pietro Maximoff/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)/Pietro Maximoff

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Dark
Alternate Universe - Mob
Alternate universe - Mafia
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Eventual Happy Ending
Eventual Sex
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Romance
Angst with a Happy Ending
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Coercion
Precious Peter Parker
Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Pining
Alpha Steve Rogers
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Possessive Natasha Romanov
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Angst and Feels
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Kidnapping
Manipulation
Implied/Referenced Dubious Consent
Implied/Referenced Torture
Dark Avengers - Freeform
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Soulmates
Romantic Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Platonic Soulmates

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Pietro Maximoff/Steve Rogers
Pietro Maximoff/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)/Pietro Maximoff

