Work Text:

Bucky's so used to touch only bringing pain. He's forgotten that a hand coming towards his face does not always constitute an attack. The first time Steve reaches to curl a hand around the back of Bucky's neck ("Just for a hug, Buck. God, I'm so sorry, I should've warned you"), Bucky flinches, jerks back. He has to relearn everything. He has to relearn touch.

Steve helps. He's good at telegraphing his movements, letting Bucky see where he's going to reach, where he's going to touch. After a while, he doesn't have to anymore. Bucky trusts Steve's touches. He trusts that Steve's hands won't bring him pain, or an attack that requires an active defense. After a while, Bucky learns to relax. He learns that not only can he trust Steve's touches, he can enjoy them.

The first time Bucky realizes he can take pleasure in a touch is the day Steve slides a hand through his hair and gives his head an affectionate scratch as he's passing by the couch. Neither of them are expecting the startled moan that comes out of Bucky's mouth. Steve stares at him, shock plain on his face. "Did you like that? Do you want me to do it again?" Bucky nods, and then Steve's hands are running through his hair again, and it feels so good that Bucky can feel his eyes watering. He almost tries to stifle the tears because they're a weakness, but then he remembers what Sam and Steve have both told him—that tears are good, that they mean he's healing, that it's okay. So he lets himself cry, for the first time since he can really remember, he lets himself cry, and instead of a harsh command and a slap across the face, he gets Steve's warm fingers brushing over his cheeks and a soft, low voice asking if he's alright, if he needs anything. Bucky lifts his hands to cover Steve's, and directs them back into his hair. It feels a bit like coming home.

After that, Bucky is much more eager to receive Steve's touches, and Steve is eager to give them. They've fallen into the habit of watching movies on Steve's unbelievably comfortable couch, but now, instead of keeping a solid foot of space between them, Bucky tries out what it feels like to press himself up against Steve's side. It's wonderful, is what it is. Steve is warm and solid and secure and he smells like comfort. The soft, pleased noise he makes when Bucky curls against him is enough to prompt Bucky to snuggle closer. Steve's right arm wraps tenderly around Bucky's shoulders, and his hand bends back to curl through the hair at the nape of Bucky's neck. It's grounding in a way that no therapy Bucky has been to has yet achieved. Bucky doesn't really watch that movie. He's pretty sure Steve doesn't either. But that is the night that he learns that Steve is his home, his true north.

Bucky starts pushing after that night. He's curious how much more comfort Steve's body can offer him. Now that he's had a taste, he's realized how famished he is for it, how starved he was before. When he wakes up from a nightmare a week later (a silent one, thankfully), he considers how much better he would feel if he could be touching Steve right now. He slips out of his bed, out of his room, and into Steve's, into Steve's bed. Steve doesn't stir immediately—Bucky's still a master of stealth, he won't ever not be—but when Bucky slides close enough that his breath is ghosting over Steve's face, Steve awakes with a start. Bucky watches him closely, wondering if he's overstepped a boundary. But as soon as Steve recognizes him, he's relaxing again, sinking back down into the bed and reaching for Bucky. "Did you have a nightmare?" Bucky nods. "You can come closer—I'll keep you safe." Steve rolls onto his back and Bucky curls himself around Steve's torso. Steve's chest heaves briefly under Bucky's head, and then Steve's arms are curling around him as well. It's the safest Bucky's felt in his entire life. He falls asleep in seconds.

It becomes a habit, then. Bucky doesn't even bother using his own bed anymore. He always sleeps so much better in Steve's embrace, and the way Steve's face lights up when he wakes up to find Bucky still in his arms makes something in Bucky's chest hot and tight, in a delicious way he can't yet define.

The first time Steve kisses Bucky, he does it on accident. Or rather, he doesn't do it on purpose. It's a thoughtless thing, like a reflex. Bucky's sprawled out on the couch, scrolling mindlessly through his StarkPad (courtesy of Howard's son), when Steve arrives home with groceries. 

"You want grilled cheese for lunch, Buck?"

"Did you get tomato soup?"

"Yup."

"Then, yes."

Steve smiles, like that's exactly the response he was expecting, and Bucky smiles back. As he's passing the couch, Steve bends down to ghost a chaste kiss over Bucky's lips. "I'll get it started, then." He announces, striding into the kitchen like he didn't just turn Bucky's world upside-down.

Because kissing—Bucky hadn't even considered the possibility of kissing Steve, but now that he has, he can't stop. He's 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Recovery
Touch-Starved
Touch Therapy
Developing Relationship
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

