Work Text:
Look, it’s not his fault, okay? How the holy hell was he supposed to know the guy he broke out of prison was driving the crazy train to crazy town? The guy could have been innocently imprisoned. It happened all the time. Peter didn’t even know the guy assassinated the president until after he broke him out.Besides, that Xavier cat seemed pretty sane even if he did look like he crawled out from under a bridge, so Peter was just following his lead.
It’s also not his fault that he was born with freaky gray hair like a grandpa and therefore the most easily identifiable person on the Most Wanted list.(It’s totally wicked being on the Most Wanted list. He is such a boss).He could escape any time. Like ten seconds from now. These clowns can’t hold him, with their puny handcuffs and puny guards and puny cameras. He’s really just here, in a holding cell at the Pentagon, because he wants to be.Honest. He’s always wanted to know if the movies were right. Are they going to good-cop, bad-cop him? Do they all eat donuts? Does the coffee taste like shit? Coffee always tastes like shit in the movies. Cops and Feds are always swigging it down and giving a manly grimace and says it tastes like shit but they drink it anyway cause crime doesn’t stop because the coffee tastes like shit, you know?So yeah. He could leave any time.Any time.Like right now.The cuffs nearly take his hands off when Peter tries to speed out of them, the table falling over on his knees with a god awful fucking squeal. His back slams in the wall, knocking the breath out of him, arms bleeding all over his jeans from the scrapes.Goddamn it, he liked these jeans. That shit doesn’t wash out. (Or maybe it does. He’ll have to ask his mom. Girls know how to get blood out of stuff, right? They kinda have to.)He’s fucked, isn’t he?No!It’s cool! It’s totally cool. He’ll just wait until someone shows up and then he’ll get them to bend down for a juicy secret and then he’ll steal the keys and uncuff himself and get the fuck out of Dodge.
Except nobody comes for a long, long time.Peter naps slumped on the overturned table because he’s still cuffed to the damn thing, even though he knows he’ll wake up with back problems to go with the old man hair he’s got. But it’s whatever. He won’t give the rent-a-cop watching the security footage the satisfaction of looking uncomfortable and ready to cry for his momma.(He kinda wants to cry for his momma. Not, like, because he needs her. But for her. For the fact that here he is, her eldest pride and joy, in a Pentagon holding cell because he broke out a psycho murderer out of prison so he could try to kill the president again on national television and no wonder Peter is so fucked up if that who his fucking dad is, Jesus ---)No! He is not going to think about that. Peter Maximoff doesn’t have a dad. He’s a pure-grade bastard, right here, you’re looking at him Mr. Rent-A-Cop behind the camera. Peter can feel his judge-y eyes from here and suddenly he’s pissed again.He jerks his head up and flips the camera off, but it feels flimsy and pathetic. He’s got something a lot longer and thicker than his middle finger to shake at the camera if he can reach the button of his pants.Peter gets to his knees and pushes up close to where the handcuffs are wired to the dent in the table. The buttons and fly of his jeans come undone easily enough but shucking them down proves more difficult. Lying on the floor, he wiggles as best he can and uses his heels to push the fabric down and eventually, with a lot of shimmying, he’s got his pants and his boxers pulled down far enough to shake his bare ass at the camera.“Looks like the moon’s out early, boys!” He crows right before the door slams open.Peter’s first thought is one of triumph because he had to have seriously pissed someone off to get that quick of a reaction.
His next thought is much more unpleasant because he knows what happens in prison to young, hot boys like him and here he is, shaking his bare ass and handcuffed to a table, and that’s kinky and all but he’s totally not ready for that and –“What are you doing?”Fun fact about Peter Maximoff: he would rather be eaten alive from the inside out by one of those freaky scarab beetles in mummy movies than sit still for more than five seconds at a time.And yet at the sound of that voice, his body locks up and all his boundless energy speeds off into the night without him.“Um.”That’s it. That’s all that’s coming out. Peter looks in the eyes of his father, standing tall and proud in a three piece suit and a fedora, looking like a fucking mob boss, and all he can say is “um.”Erik Lehnsherr murdered one president, tried to murder another president, and then spouted off a bunch of shit about murdering all the other humans so that the mutants could rule the world and he’s looking at Peter like Peter’s the crazy one?“I was mooning the security guy,” he explains and realizes too late that it doesn’t really prove his sanity by the way the man c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff

freeform: 
bratty teenagers
Mooning
Erik's terrifying
Peter's freaked
No one knows what the hell they're doing
awkward father/son bonding!
Emotionally Constipated Erik
dadneto

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff

