Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Washington DC.American Capital.Triskelion. Base of operations of SHIELD.The Target was located here. His mission control was within the building. In the two months since he had awoken from cryo, the Asset had gathered intelligence on his Target. It was not difficult. Captain America was a celebrity, familiar to millions with his white smile and stars-and-stripes uniform.A good man, an honest man, a brave man.He was a hero.The Asset required additional data. He had an identity to familiarise himself with and usurp. He read books on the history of Captain America and his comrades. He scanned online data banks. There was even an exhibit at a museum. The Asset gathered every bit of data he could about the man who was to be his template.James Buchanan Barnes.Little was said about his nature. He was classified as an exemplary soldier, a high-grade marksman, and the survivor of a brief internment in a HYDRA facility. The fact that the man was rescued from the facility by the Target was a source of interest for some. Many speculated - in books and in online forums - that the friendship was much more intimate. The Target had not confirmed or denied the rumours. The footage from the period suggested that Barnes’ relationship with the Target was amicable. The asset stood in front of the viewing screen in the exhibit, watching grainy footage of the two men play on a loop. It was silent, but the mood was tangible: both men were smiling and at ease.There was no audio available, but his handlers indicated that the American accent he had developed would be appropriate. He could not remember learning English or learning an American accent. His handlers prepared him well enough that it felt natural. He visited the exhibit several times, committing all available data to memory: the way the man held himself and moved, the natural smile, the way he punctuated conversation with animated hand gestures. The Asset knew he had to be precise, if he was to disorient the Target. Each night, he retreated to the appointed safe house and processed the intelligence. His handlers indicated that he was responsible for the approach, and the subsequent success or failure of the mission. Assassination was much simpler: identify the weakness of the Target’s security system, infiltrate, terminate, exit. When he was expected to mimic the Target’s weakness, it complicated matters.The Asset crouched over the data and images spread across the floor around him.James Buchanan Barnes was dead, killed seventy years earlier. The Target knew it to be true, and would not look for or expect to see his friend’s face. To destabilise him, the Asset simply needed to be seen to plant a suspicion, a doubt, a hope. He watched the Target’s building from a distance for days, learned his routines, identified the places that the Target visited with frequency. His handlers provided direct feeds to camera footage across the city, giving him eyes on the man whenever he left his apartment. It was sufficient to plan an encounter.The first encounter had to be brief, like a ghost in the machine.The Asset went into the bathroom of the safe house, carrying several of the images of Barnes, as the Target would remember him. He looked at his reflection in the mirror, shifting his expression into those of the man in the images. His handlers said the resemblance was strong, but he could not see it. The man in the images was young, smiling, naïve. It was etched on his face. The Asset was none of those things.He turned his mouth up in an expression not unlike the picture.“Hey, pal,” he said in English, shaping the words. “Great day, isn’t it?” No. Too rigid. He swung his arms, rolling the right and lifting the heavier weight of the left. He drew a breath, held, released, once, twice. “God, what a day, huh?”There.That was the tone.He went to the computer console, logging into the encrypted server.There were no notifications for his attention. He typed a single word: [Tomorrow]He did not anticipate a response, and he closed the computer down. Everything was prepared.He set the safe house in order, ate his protein bars, then took the four pills that were to replace his need for cryo sleep. The effects were immediate, as he lay down on the narrow bed. Darkness and quiet descended, and he rested. He woke to the buzz of his alarm, and rose to prepare. It didn’t take long. He cut his hair, but left if long enough to curl over his brow. Less formal than Barnes’ military hair-cut. He brushed his fingertips over the stubble on his chin, then took up his razor. Finally, he slid a synthetic flesh glove over his left hand. It would not do to stand out.Appropriate clothing had been provided.He examined himself in the mirror, compared to the photograph he had taped to the glass.There was a passing physical resemblance now, with the right accessories.The casual smile felt unfamiliar on his face, but it was his now for the duration of the mission. When he stepped out the doo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Slow Burn
Memory Alteration
Memory Loss
Complete

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

