Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He wasn’t going to be his Mother.That was what Tony had decided when he’d been old enough to understand that his parents relationship and their relationship with him wasn’t healthy. He was not going to be like Maria Stark. Subservient and cowed. Dependant and despondent. He would not let an Alpha walk all over him the way that Howard walked all over Maria, he would not lose all self-respect and dignity to the point where he just let it happen and buried his misery in bottles of pills, he would not allow anyone to treat him the way Howard treated his Mother, nor would he ever allow his Alpha to treat their children the way Howard treated him. Of course, that was the black and white view his child self had, when he’d been wiping blood from his nose after Howard’s fist had struck again. He had yet to go to college and be exposed to endless supplies of alcohol and drugs, had yet to meet Ty Stone and find himself date raped by the sack of shit. He’d yet to lose his parents to a car accident because Howard had been driving pissed out of his skull. He’d yet to be married to Obadiah Stane. The marriage had been arranged by Howard as soon as it had become clear that Maria would bear no further children. Already two had been lost, a son at three hours old, a daughter stillborn, and countless miscarriages, before finally she had delivered a healthy Omega Son, Tony. A Beta Son or an Alpha Son, those would have satisfied Howard. Not an Omega. The world may have changed but he hadn’t, as far as he was concerned no Omega or Beta woman was fit to handle business, high finance, or anything more complicated than nursing their litter. It didn’t matter how intelligent Tony was, how astonished the world were by his rapid progress, all Howard saw was a weak, dependant Omega whom he needed to have secured to an Alpha he could trust so he could make sure SI would be safe. His friend and business partner Obie was perfect in his opinion as the man was practically family and would put the needs of Stark Industries before anything else. So he drew up the betrothal, arranging for Tony to be married to Obadiah when he was eighteen. By 1992 betrothals were rare in Europe and America, but were still legally binding, so Tony had no choice even though Howard and Maria were dead, to agree and marry Obie. The wedding was listed as the wedding of the year, Tony was dressed in traditional Omega garb, green and white symbolizing fertility and virginity, a waisted floor length frock coat with an open collar, close fitting trousers, and slightly heeled court shoes. At least he’d been allowed to have his friend Rhodey in attendance, otherwise he’d have had no one but Obie and his Parents socialite friends and business associates. Tony had gone through the whole ceremony feeling sick to his stomach. Since Ty he hadn’t wanted and Alpha near him, but now he had no choice, his heat was approaching and the marriage had to be consummated. “You take care man, and if you need anything, you call me.” Rhodey had said as Tony had been bundled out to the car to take him and Obie to the airport where they took the Stark jet to honeymoon in Paris. There Tony’s heat hit and he spent three days being fucked by Obadiah. The Alpha was not overly cruel, but he was certainly not gentle in his handling of the young Omega, and Tony was left aching and sore with red raw thighs and bruises all over his hips and wrists by the time the heat was finished. “What happens now?” He asked Obie as he sat on the bed his knees to his chest feeling used and raw.“Now, we go back to work.” Obie replied lighting up a cigar, “We’ve a company to run. While you can’t officially take over as CEO until you’re Twenty-One, you can get started in R&D and I want you to. You’re ten times the engineer and scientist Howard was and I want to put that genius of yours to use.” He took a long pull of his cigar and went to his suitcase, taking out a small packet of pills which he tossed to Tony. “After heat pills. They’ll get rid of anything that might have been conceived, you’re too young for pups and I don’t want them.” Tony was relieved by that, he wasn’t ready for a litter, wasn’t sure he’d ever be ready, and quickly swallowed the first pill. “We’ll make the best of this Tony.” Obie said giving Tony a toothy grin, “Howard might not have seen it, but I do. You’re a golden goose, you are special, and I’m going to take care of you.”And that marked the start of the next sixteen years of Tony’s life. He was Obie’s Omega and that meant he was off limits to everyone else, not that it stopped people flirting with him and he learned to flirt back, drowned his nerves with whiskey and put on a loud and brash show when in public, only being himself in the lab, where only Obie, Pepper, and Rhodey saw him. Pepper became his PA in 2000, after Obie got sick of Tony constantly being late or just not showing up to meetings, not returning phone calls, e-mails, and just disappearing into his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Pregnant Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Adoption
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Precious Peter Parker
original child character - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Unhealthy past relationship
Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con Elements
Avengers 2012 branch timeline
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
not wanda maximoff friendly
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Mentions of Cot death
Mentions of miscarriage
Non-Consensual Body Modification

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark

