Chapter 1: prelude
    


Notes:

is this??? another a/b/o fic???? in a d/s universe??? you bet.
   this is beta'd by mira yet again, whose english is probably better than mine.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


prelude





CSM James B. Barnes, 32557038. Male, Alpha. Dominant, precise rank unknown. Born 03/10/1917, New York, New York. KIA 02/01/1945.

 
SHIELD gave him a box of files on all the people they assumed he’d care to know about in the future. Peggy’s file had been at the very top. He’d had to dig around to find Bucky’s, it was near the bottom of a stack of former Howlie agents. He ends up looking through it three or four times a day. There’s a bit of brief information on his childhood and teen years, all facts that someone had probably gotten from Bucky himself because hardly any of it is true. He’d been born on a boat to New York, for one. Then, some assessments by Army officials from his time in boot camp, then in sniper training, then actually deployed. There’s even a couple of letters to Winnie and his sisters that must’ve never made it to the mailing office. There’s just one photograph of him. Steve spends maybe half his time sitting at his kitchen table just looking at the grainy image of Bucky’s unsmiling face.
 
There isn’t much that a string of numbers can do to one’s emotions. Bucky’s date of birth and date of death do a lot. 
 
*
 

Codename: Winter Soldier. Male, Alpha, 9-0. DOB unknown.

 
It’s not a lot of information. It’s a lot more than he’d had thirty years ago, but not any more than what he’d learned after SHIELD first picked him up. His designational rank is fixed now, that’s all. SHIELD can’t even give him a narrow age range. He’s anywhere from thirty to sixty years old.
 
He’s had a few names since the 80s. He’d been Winter for a long time, but that hadn't felt right. A coworker joked that he looked like a John, and he’d gone by that for about a year. Of all the names he’s tried, he’s known that none of them were right. Eventually, he realized that names really only mattered to civilians, and he hasn’t spoken to a civilian probably for a good decade. Now, people just call him Soldier.
 
It’s fine. He’s made peace with the mystery of his past. It’ll give him and God something to fight over in the afterlife.





Notes:


okay y'all chapter one will be up ummmm later this week??? next week??? see you then
   "CSM James B. Barnes, 32557038."mira: is it weird that I know this number by memory lol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom Bucky Barnes
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Omega Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Identity Issues
Identity Porn
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Mental Health Issues
Depression
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Daddy Kink
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Mating Bond
Reunion Sex
Emotional Sex
Smut
Angst
Misunderstandings
Hurt/Comfort
Canon Divergence - No Hydra Takeover
Gun Violence
Blood and Injury
Vomiting
Motion Sickness
Dehydration
Shock
Explosions
Canon-Typical Violence
Mood Swings
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Emotional Constipation
Touch-Starved
Creepy Brock Rumlow
Non-Consensual Spanking
Body Dysphoria
Scent Marking
Come Eating
Oral Sex
Oral Fixation
Anal Sex
No Condoms
Retirement
Mpreg
Crying
Age Play
Goat Farm
Angst with a Happy Ending
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

