Chapter 1: Mary Fitzpatrick
    




Chapter Text

"It's yours, Mr. Stark."

 

The proof was indisputable, all labeled out clear as day in the paper in front of him. He searched through it, looking for anything that would prove the woman in front of him wrong, that he was not, in fact, having a child. Because he couldn't, he just couldn't. He wasn't supposed to be a father, and he most certainly wasn't supposed to be a dad.

He looked up at his assistant, who was checking things off on her clipboard, yet kept glancing at him expectantly, clearly waiting for a response. She waited a few more minutes before she got fed up with him sitting in his stupor, because she carried on.

"The mother, Mary Fitzpatrick, has asked for a meeting with you. I suggest you attend," she said, a hint of a warning in her voice, as if daring him not to meet the mother of his future child, "When would you like that scheduled, Mr. Stark?"

"Um, just--God," he covered his face and sighed through his nose, "Just get her over here as soon as possible. And I really mean as soon as possible. And, cancel everything else for the next few days."

"Very well. Will that be all, Mr. Stark?"

"Yeah--yeah yeah. That'll be all, Ms. Potts, just...don't tell Obie for the moment."

She gave him an odd look, but didn't question him, just continued typing and making notes. It was fair. He didn't exactly know 

why 

he didn't want to tell Obie, he'd known the man before he was even born, but something about the situation made him not want to. Tony knew how he would take it, it would be business as always, and that 

wasn't 

how he wanted to handle this...

How 

did 

he want to handle this?

"Of course, Mr. Stark. I'll alert you when she's ready to meet you."

"Thank you, Miss Potts," he grabbed a company stress ball off of his desk and threw it between his hands, just trying to find something to distract him from the news that was threatening to overwhelm him, "Dismissed."

Pepper left with a simple nod, her heels clicking on the floor as she did.

Tony leaned back in his chair, exhaling harshly through his nose. A kid, a baby. He was having a 

baby. 

Well, Mary Fitzpatrick was having a baby, he was more or less along for the ride. God, how had he been so careless? He should've, he should've--

Well, there was no point worrying about what he should've done, all he could do was plan for what he was going to do. And for now, the plan was to go home and...drink probably. To work in his lab and just try to forget, at least for a little while.

 

 

"Ughh, mmMMMm."

"Good morning, sir."

The voice of his AI rang through the room, worsening the headache that suddenly made itself apparent. He groaned in response, which Jarvis apparently took as a sign to turn his lights on, making him open his eyes before squeezing them shut again.

"I'm extremely sorry sir, but Ms. Potts has asked me to wake you up for your meeting,"

Meeting? He didn't have any meetings, Pepper had canceled them all. Unless--

Reluctantly, Tony got up, and, ignoring his throbbing head, he headed to the kitchen. When he looked out the windows overlooking the ocean, he realized just how late it must be. He vaguely wondered when he passed out last night, and how he got to his bed, before shrugging it off. It didn't really matter if he was being honest.

When he got to the kitchen Pepper was there waiting for him on her tablet, a pizza sitting on the counter next to her. He jogged over to her halfheartedly, making her look up.

"Good morning, Mr. Stark," she greeted.

"I hope that's for me," he said, forgoing a hello and grabbing the box, as well as pouring himself some juice. He stuffed a piece in his mouth, "Jarvis said I had a meeting, and I thought--"

"It's with Ms. Fitzpatrick. She also wanted a meeting as soon as possible so I went ahead and set it up for today. It's in a few hours at Stark Industries, and I'd advise you to not be late, Mr. Stark."

He swallowed his pizza nervously, feeling trapped under her piercing glare. Yeah, he should probably listen to her this time.

"Of course, Ms. Potts. Wouldn't dream of it."

 

He 

did 

end up being on time, for the most part at least. A few extra minutes making sure he got a good coffee couldn't have hurt, though judging by the look Pepper gave him as he walked into the pristine conference room, he was 

very 

wrong. She apparently decided to try and not make a big deal of it at the moment though, instead gesturing for him to sit down next to her. Reshuffling the stack of papers in front of her she turned to address the woman in front of her, who Tony had been pointedly ignoring.

He finally looked at her, and she looked right back, staring at him with a challenging gaze. Her curly hair was drawn back in a bun, and though she was probably seven or eight months pregnant she looked remarkably put together, sipping on a tea. She readjusted her glasses as they stared at each other until Tony finally looked away, turning to Pepper inste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Female Peter Parker
Intern Peter Parker
Genius Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
spiderson
Spiderdaughter
??? - Freeform
Past Sexual Abuse
Dark May Parker (Spider-Man)
steve/bucky - Freeform
Minor
it's kinda there

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

