Work Text:
The sex was, as always, amazing.Tony could coax responses out of Steve's body that he hadn′t dreamed were possible; could keep him trembling on the edge of orgasm for hours, until Steve was cursing and begging and threatening Tony in the same fractured breath, and Tony was laughing down at him.And eventually, when Steve was lying sated and limp and aching, Tony would fuck him, and Steve would fall asleep with Tony lying half-on, half-off him, breath warm against his neck.And when Steve woke, a few hours later, Tony would be gone.Steve pulled on t-shirt and sweatpants and wandered through to the library. Iron Man was sitting in his usual chair, the one reinforced for his weight, feet resting on the coffee table as he read the evening newspaper."Is he...?" Steve asked."Workshop," Iron Man replied, and Steve couldn't see it through the helmet but he was pretty sure Iron Man rolled his eyes."Thought so," Steve said, and, as he always did, stretched out on the sofa. A moment later, Iron Man tossed him one of the glossy supplements and they settled down to read in comfortable silence.Iron Man had to know that Steve was involved with Tony but he'd never commented on it, or even mentioned it in passing. Most of the time, Steve put it down to the selective blindness required of a bodyguard. Sometimes, he suspected it was just that Iron Man had seen so many people go into - and out of - Tony's bed that one more was irrelevant. Even if the one more was Iron Man's friend."I didn't know you were so interested in interior design," Iron Man said."Hmm?" Steve twisted round to look at him."You've been reading about what the well-dressed dining room is wearing for half an hour.""I have?" Steve glanced at the article in question, grinned ruefully, and tossed the supplement onto the table. "I guess my mind's on other things.""Anything I can help with?" Even through the voice synthesiser, Iron Man's offer was clearly genuine."No." Steve shut his eyes and let his head fall back against the arm of the sofa. "I'm just trying to figure out the twenty-first century. Still.""I've been here since it started," Iron Man said. "I might be able to give some hints."He might be able to give some hints about Tony, too. "I'll sound like a dizzy schoolgirl," Steve warned."I can cope with that," Iron Man said, voice dry."Your boss," Steve said, and he had to blurt it out before he changed his mind. "Does he ever get serious about anybody?" Time stretched without Iron Man replying, and Steve said, "Sorry, I shouldn't have- You can't gossip about your boss, I understand that.""He's serious about you," Iron Man said, cutting in."Oh," Steve said."Is that good or bad?"Steve thought about it. "I wish I knew."The next night, Steve woke up as Tony was sliding out of bed. "You don't have to go," Steve said through a yawn.Tony kissed him, as deep and filthy as Tony's kisses always were. "You might be up for another round," he said, "but some of us aren't super soldiers.""I didn't mean that," Steve said. "Just..." He wasn't going to say 'stay and cuddle' but it was exactly what he meant."I've got work to do," Tony said."I could watch?"How could Tony pack so much sexual promise into a single look? "You'd be a distraction."Steve tried to get back to sleep but, eventually, he gave in and wandered through to the library to join Iron Man, who was concentrating on his laptop."Was Tony able to get the dents out of the armour?" Steve asked as Iron Man looked up, his head cocked at the precise angle that Steve always interpreted as a smile.Iron Man lifted one arm, and the light gleamed dully off the gold metal. "As good as new.""Good," Steve picked up a newspaper from the table and settled onto the couch. "That was one heck of a punch."Iron Man shrugged. "Hey, it's what the armour's for. I'd rather it got dented than I did.""I'm with you on that," Steve said, and they slipped into the same easy conversation they did every night, until Steve dozed off on the couch, newspaper resting on his chest.He woke briefly - or thought he did - to Iron Man looking down at him, gently smoothing Steve's hair off his forehead with a hand that could easily crush his skull. Steve smiled sleepily up at him then slid back into sleep.It would be easier, Steve thought, if his entire body didn't light up when Tony was near. If the mere smell of Tony's aftershave, mixed with the always-lingering scent of hot metal, didn't make his heart race. If he could feel the tickle of Tony's moustache against his neck without his cock getting hard.But he couldn't, and it just brought him back to Tony's bed again and again, and every time he promised himself it would be the last, that he would tell Tony, that-He groaned, and shuddered into Tony's touch.Maybe he shouldn't. Maybe this is what relationships were in the twenty-first century. Maybe it didn't get better than this. Maybe this was all love was to Tony.But when his orgasm cascaded through him and he looked up into Tony's eyes, he di
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Iron Man

freeform: 
Community: kink_bingo
subspace/headspace
Identity Porn

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Iron Man

