Chapter 1: Demigods
    




Chapter Text

 

Stepping into the Avengers common room, amped up on the adrenaline rush and hyper-focus of a new job and living space, Brock knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that there was another demigod nearby.
The soft well of hidden power prickled against his senses, a seductive taunting of cool magicks and the all too familiar heat of blood lust began to rise within veins as if from the depths of his soul, a sharp staccato of instant readiness as opposed to the almost lazy undulation of the unknown Power.
Tongue flickering out to lick his lips as well as to taste the magick, he almost purred in anticipation, hoping the other demigod would be a challenge even as his entire being slipped seamlessly into a Hunting Readiness. Rough fingers encased in fingerless leather gloves itched to draw swords from their hidden places, his personal glamour keeping them from being spotted by the mundane that were mortals while his instincts – honed like a fine strung chord - were all but screaming at him about the danger another demigod could pose.
Briefly locking eyes with Thor and then dismissing the Norse deity as not the one to set his awareness all akimbo despite his attention having automatically been drawn to the biggest physical threat within the room. Said Norse god was happily making himself a peanut butter sandwich in the open floor planned kitchen at the other side of the common room.
Both nodded at each other, their eyes seeing beyond the veil of the mundane, in tune with the magicks that flowed in and around and throughout Gaia and her inhabitants.
Thor knew, of course. The Norse god of thunder had taken him aside after the first battle they had fought side by side and told him rather clearly that he didn't care whose son he was, if he hurt or betrayed the Avengers, he would wake up dead faster than he could blink.
Mjölnir would ensure it and that Valkyrie blessed [or cursed] War Hammer had thrummed her own menacing counterpoint.
Brock had nodded in agreement, assuring the thunder god that he meant no harm [currently] and that had began the epic bar crawl where they bonded while reminiscing about the gods of old, those Olympians that spawned the Dawn of Heroes by most democratic nations standards.  There was talk of the differences between their respective pantheons and cultures, as well as the parallels.  There was still a hot debate over whose sire was the worst – Brock and Thor finally conceded there was enough evidence regarding both sets of sires that a tie would not be remiss even as they spoke of how the Old Ones were still watching over the world and how he, Brock, had been chosen to infiltrate Hydra.
As son of Ares, the most infamous and brutal of Olympians, he lacked neither self-esteem nor prowess, and it had been ridiculously easy to beat the shit out of the other recruits - sometimes literally, most often psychologically, and physically without question.
He went full asshole to appeal to the Hydra recruiters; it had been fun at first but got boring really fast. Those who insinuated his mother’s influence soon learned to hold their tongues or Brock would force them to hold their tongues – unattached from their mouths.
Thankfully by then, most others were too scared of him to bother him much.
Hydra had taken him in gladly and he had volunteered for their serum trails, faking that it had worked, ruining their research in the process, when all he did was use more of his natural born strength.
Playing fake mercenary was helluva fun too and he got to beat up a lot more people, which satisfied his father and eased his inner unrest and the constant need for bloodshed, for the next war, the next death to savor like fine wine. Both of which meant a lot, because Ares was still furious that they made him use a taser rod as if he were a son of Zeus while fighting Steve Rogers in the elevator.
His father could be rather petty.
Working for the new SHIELD had him bored even faster, far too less beating up people and too few hidden agendas he could dive into or bust.
He itched for fights if only to let off some steam.
So when Stark had offered him a place as head of security for Avenger Tower, Brock hadn't hesitated and agreed. Maybe he would go back and do merc work if things got really, really boring.  Or he could always quit -  not that it could be any more boring than the current load of paperwork he did at SHIELD.   Avengers Tower tended to get attacked at least once a week by some random super-villain and the variety and consistently inconsistent threat appealed to him.
He was really looking forward to the day he got to stretch his claws and sink his fangs into something or someone dumb enough to come at the Tower.
He could always beat the shit out of Wade- the nut job occasionally visited him and always babbling about much needed comic relief for the readers before trying to stab him.
But somehow he doubted it would grow boring; after all, there was a demigod in Avengers Towe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Demigods
Not Canon Compliant
triple agent brock rumlow
Triple Agent
Triple Agent!Rumlow
Alternate Universe - Demigods
Incest because Greek mythology and Zeus
Feelings
Happy Ending
taserbones

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

