Work Text:
"Oh, fuck," Tony says, right before the bomb goes off, and he wakes up to Steve saying Oh fuck in his ear."You got that right," he says, sitting up. Steve, who is standing a weird distance away considering he was just whispering in Tony’s ear, looks startled as he turns to him."What right?" he asks, and then the voice in Tony’s ear — no, in his head, oh shit, says, God, what if he’s concussed? Why won’t he pad his goddamn helmet?The guy who set them up the bomb was ranting right before it detonated about how he would bring all of Manhattan together. Tony has a really bad feeling about this."Me too," Steve says aloud, and then looks confused. Tony gives it a shot. I think we’re telepathically linked, he tries.Steve stares at him, eyes wide.Oh, FUCK, they think in unison.***Tony doesn’t know whether the guy who telepathy-bombed them intended for this level of chaos. Hulk stomped him right after the detonation and now he’s in a coma, so he can’t explain his goals.The city, meanwhile, is a mess.Every single person in Manhattan now has another voice in their head. And that is causing a lot of freaking out. SHIELD, too, is freaking out, because they have no idea how to handle this. The Avengers, to an extent, are freaking out; Tony and Steve are doing okay, but Bruce has some woman in his head who is yelling at him a lot about hiding from her, and the depth and breadth of Thor’s memories are unsettling Jane. Clint and Natasha and Phil are in a three-way bond which would probably be awesome if all three of them didn’t have super-dark pasts that now all three of them are aware of on a visceral level. Sam has some lady in his head he’s never met, which is justifiably wigging him out. And it’s horrible for nearly everyone because the first thing you think about, of course, when you find out someone else is in your head, is: shit do they know about [insert horrible thing I have seen/done/thought here]?The weirdest part about it is that, okay, Manhattan has a daytime population of about three million people. All of them now have a voice in their head. But there are also — well, later, the SHIELD numbers will show about 2.8 million people outside of Manhattan, all over the world, also had a voice in their head. The voice of someone in Manhattan. Someone needs to figure out what happened and how to reverse it, on both the biological and the engineering sides, but someone also has to keep riots from breaking out in Manhattan, and make sure city services stay operational.I should be out there with you, Tony thinks to Steve, as he works on what’s left of the bomb. He dragged it to a nearby garage and set up a makeshift workshop, but any damn engineer could do this, and the city needs Iron Man.We’re doing fine, Tony, Steve says. He’s across town, helping mobilize the police, at least the officers that are managing to function with someone else in their head. He’s already had to break up a fight when one officer found out his wife was in another officer’s head.  His words are reassuring, but Tony can feel the undercurrent of longing, of wish-you-were-here, and also the resolute way in which Steve is ignoring that. They are both ignoring the immediate discovery that Steve has a schoolboy crush on Tony and the only reason Tony hasn’t jumped his bones in the last six months is that he was worried it would ruin one of the best friendships of his life. I really need you to fix this, Steve adds. No pressure. I know you can do it.Yeah thanks, no pressure, Tony replies. When this is over, can I buy you dinner?Not right now, Steve sends, less stern than desperate. "Tony," Bruce says over the speakerphone. He’s at a nearby hospital, having commandeered a lab to work on the biological aspect of this. Tony somewhat wishes he’d had Bruce in his head instead. Bruce sounds stressed."How you doing, big guy?" Tony asks."Well, Betty stopped yelling," Bruce says. "My head is killing me.""From the yelling?""From the ignoring.""Bruce, you gotta talk to her sometime. I mean, she’s in your head, now you’re just being a jackass about this.""She knows," Bruce sighs. "And so do I.""Okay, well, I’m not going to pile it on. What’ve you got?""Zip. We’re dealing with unusual parts of the brain lighting up. I’ve got four MRIs going, but I’m getting nowhere. It’s a totally new science. I am literally the leading expert in a branch of medicine that did not exist two hours ago." "How can I help?""Keep working on the bomb, I guess. I just needed confirmation I’m not crazy.""You’re a little crazy. You need to talk to her." "I thought you weren’t going to pile it on?""Yeah, I lied," Tony says. A spark shoots out of the remains of the bomb, and he jerks back. "Careful," says a voice. Tony glances to the side. Super-dramatically, a man about his age, with a streak of grey in his slick black hair, steps out from the shadows."If you are an alternate universe me, I really don’t have time to kill you right now," Tony says. The man smiles."My name is Stephen 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Pepper Potts/James Rhodes
Background Sam Wilson/Female Character

freeform: 
Soulmates
Telepathy
involuntary telepathy

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Pepper Potts/James Rhodes
Background Sam Wilson/Female Character

