Work Text:


I.
The pale, pitted circle of the full moon was banked behind a thick curtain of murky clouds, and the steady, drumming rain made trudging through the woods a thorough misery.  At least he was far enough from the roads and the town and its multilayered stench of entropic humanity; the wood-scent was cut sharp and clean with earth and decaying leaves and bark.  Erik sniffed at the air, fur plastered and bedraggled, and sneezed, ears flattening back against his matted skull.  Lycanthropy might make him immune to many things, but a cold was not one of them.He couldn't have stayed in town during a full moon, but Erik silently cursed the leads that had caused him to overstay his time this close to humanity.  He should have left the town at least two days ago, found somewhere remote, wild, and preferably dry and waited out the moon before returning.  Now he was soaked, running out of woods and padding out into what looked like a vast, unkempt garden.  Weeds had choked up slate walkways and a silent fountain; a hedge maze was now an impenetrable nightmare of interlinked branches and leaves, and the thick grass from what had probably been a once-trimmed lawn brushed his belly and smelled as wild as the woods behind him.Before him was a massive old house, a mansion, Erik mentally corrected himself, stately in its magnificent disrepair.  It looked abandoned; several of the cloudy windows were boarded over from within, and it was utterly dark.  Perfect.It took some cursing and nosing around before Erik found a way in; a small door set in the side of the rambling mansion, probably a servant's entrance, left ajar.  He nosed his way in gratefully, shaking himself out over the tile, sneezed, and shook himself again luxuriously.Padding deeper into the house, Erik quickly revised his previous opinion about the house's lack of occupancy.  The kitchen looked and smelled used, with a lingering hint of something deplorably vegetarian in the air, hot water, and spices, possibly from someone's lunch, though the kitchen itself was scrubbed clean.  Underlying the soap, the stew, the oil, and wood, however, was a scent that Erik would recognise anywhere.Another werewolf.And, Erik realized, with a dawning sense of amazement as he sniffed at the air, a female one.  Alone.  With no pack.  And in America, of all places, the badlands for others of their kind.  Small wonder that she was hiding in an abandoned house in the middle of nowhere, but still - females, and young ones at that, judging by the scent of it - were rare enough that had this been the Continent, or the Eastern Bloc, or even in the Orient, she would have long been sought out.Erik felt an instinctive stir of primal interest that he quickly controlled.  If he could smell her, then she too would know that he had trespassed, and if she had survived this long on her own, she was either insane, canny, highly dangerous, or some combination of all of the above.  He would announce his presence, stay politely where he was until the rain ceased, and leave.His inquiring yip was met with silence, at first, then a long, muffled howl that made him crouch, the fur on his hackles trying to stand on end, full of pain and despair.  Quickly, Erik found himself bounding forward through the kitchen, sniffing at the ground and its crisscrossing scents, following the ebbing wail of sound until he circled further into a storeroom and to a trapdoor.  Dragging it open with his teeth in the iron ring took ingenuity; he pulled it up, grimacing at the ache in his jaws, until he could twist and put his shoulder to it, scrabbling  back and careful of the gap until it slammed back, revealing a gaping drop beneath and a ladder that only a human could climb.A trap, Erik thought, uncomfortably, hesitating by the edge.  He was a big wolf, and he couldn't smell anyone else in the house or in the basement level.  He could handle most other werewolves and less organized trappers, particularly if he hid somewhere and had the element of surprise.  In the morning, he could, at the very least, shift out to his human form if he investigated the basement cellar and needed to get out of it.  If he entered it now, he would be trapped in there.Then there was a scrabbling sound, a bark of pain, and another long, wailing howl that had instinct push him through into the gap before logic could take over.  Erik managed to land on all fours, blinking as he looked around the cellar.  On a table to his right was a candle on a stand, already burned nearly halfway down, dribbling wax and flickering, and beside it was a set of neatly folded clothes, men's, by the look of it, and smaller than what Erik could wear.  The table was one of two pieces of furniture in the cellar.  The other was a silver cage, and from within it, a small, common gray she-wolf was eyeing him with evident astonishment, too shocked even to snarl, the tip of her muzzle reddened from where she had accidentally brushed against the silver bars.Erik c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Sebastian Shaw

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Slash
Alternate Universe - Werewolf

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Sebastian Shaw

