Chapter 1: Homecoming
    




Chapter Text
 Come across you lost and broken
You're coming to but you’re slow in waking

You start to shake.

You still haven’t spoken, what happened

They're coming back and you just don’t know when

You want to cry but there’s nothing comin’

They’re gonna push until you give in, say when

 

Now we’re here and it turns to chaos

Hurricane coming all around us

Double crack throws you back from the window, you stay low

 

It all began with the man and country

Every plan sends another century around again

Another nation fallen

 

Maybe god can be on both sides

Of the gun never understood why

Some of us never get it so good, so good

Some of this was here before us

All of this will go after us

Never stops until we give in, give in

 

Say when
  * * *  
Steve
 It had been twenty-three days and five hours since they got the call from Fury. Twenty-three days and five hours since he’d pulled on his uniform and had gone down to Tony’s workshop to kiss him goodbye.Back in the war, Steve had always had the feeling that time moved faster when you were away from home. With all the turmoil around camp, with death always hanging right above your head, he hadn’t thought much about anything other than the task at hand. And life had moved on. Months had felt like weeks, weeks like days, and days like hours.Now that he had someone waiting for him at home, twenty-three days and five hours felt like a whole lifetime gone by.Steve reached into the utility belt of his uniform. He released a long sigh, and began to fiddle with the little hot-rod red hexagonal handle of Tony’s favorite mini-screwdriver. It was a bit silly, really. He’d started carrying the thing around, back when he’d just recently been assigned as Tony’s personal assistant. Back when Tony had meant nothing to him. Although, thinking back on it now, the whole thing should’ve probably made him re-evaluate his feelings a bit earlier, but at the time, he’d just figured it to be some kind of weird game for dominance between them. Or at least—that’s what Steve had told himself.Tony would constantly leave the tool lying around. In the living room area in Malibu, or in his office, in the kitchen, in the gym, where he himself never set a foot in and where he knew Steve would find it eventually. So Steve would swipe it, and simply wait and see how long it took Tony to come to him and ask for it. At first, it had probably been more of an accidental slip on Tony’s part, but later on, Steve was pretty sure he had been doing it on purpose. The game had ceased after the Chitauri attack, but Tony had started it up again after Fury had summoned Steve on his first single mission a few months ago.There was never a note, just the screwdriver. But like so much else between them, the game had changed. Tony had never once asked to have it back. He wanted Steve to keep it. Instead he’d just smile, ask for it whenever he actually needed a screwdriver, and Steve would give it to him only to pocket it again afterwards.And so it was that Tony’s screwdriver went with Steve whenever he had to leave New York. Ever since, it had become part of his daily ritual. He’d find a quiet spot and sit, reaching for the slotted tip and turning the tool around between his fingers. And he’d remember, and smile, and wish to be with Tony again. He’d think about how he had learned more about himself in the past months than he had in all his years before. He would remember how adorably disheveled Tony looked whenever he woke up next to him. How his eyes were still unfocused, how his hair was sticking up everywhere, and how the line of Steve’s tank top was often imprinted across the bottom of his jaw where he’d been asleep on him.Nowadays—at least whenever he wasn’t on secret missions—Steve’s life involved a lot of work out, reading, grocery shopping, cooking, and evenings spent watching classic movies with his team before crawling into bed, only to start the whole cycle all over again. It was all terribly domestic and… he loved it. A lot. He figured that eventually the novelty of having a family and a steady relationship would wear off, and Tony and he would concern themselves with other things aside one another, but for him, that day wasn’t coming anytime soon. His mind was full of Tony, and he craved to touch him again, to kiss him, to hear about his day, and to laugh with him over dull TV shows.It was his life and it was perfect. Not objectively, sure—he and Tony argued and bickered far too much for that—but to him, it was perfect.God, he’d been gone from home for too damn long.Behind him, in the cockpit, Natasha and Clint both snorted in unison as Steve bolted upright as soon as the Quinjet finally began its descent on the landing pad of Avengers Tower.“PDA incoming,” Clint sing-songed from the front passenger’s seat.Next to him, Natasha nodded solemnly. “You still remember the times when he wrote extra reports for us because he didn’t have anything better to do af
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Iron Man 3 Remake
Tony Feels
Tony Has Issues
Angst
Panic Attacks
Tony Is Not Helping
Snarky Tony
So Much Snark
Steve Feels
Protective Steve
Established Relationship
Hurt Tony
Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Team Dynamics
Eventual Smut
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Switching
Anal Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

