Work Text:
Kurt Marko enters Charles’ life on the eve of his tenth birthday.  From that point on, Charles will forever associate his birthday with a) the greatest mistake his mother ever made, and b) the moment Charles decided the kind of person he would be in the future.“Charles,” he remembers his mother saying, “this is Kurt.  He and I have been, well -”“Dating for over a year,” he finishes for her.“I thought you said you hadn’t told him yet,” Kurt says to Sharon, irritation written all over his face.  She looks embarrassed for a moment, mutters something about it being impossible to keep secrets entirely from a telepath, especially a young one who hasn’t quite got control of his power yet.“Wait,” says Kurt.  “He’s a telepath?  He can fucking read minds?”“Yes,” Charles replies, even though the question was not directed at him.  He cocks his head to the side and frowns.  “Wait, are you going to ask my mother to marry you?”Sharon lets out a thrilled shriek and throws her arms around Kurt’s neck.  Kurt responds in kind, laughing a little and holding her close, all the while glaring at Charles from over her shoulder.  Charles can’t bring himself to care.  Moments later, Sharon is running through the house and calling for Cook to make something extra special for dessert (as if Charles’ birthday cake isn’t special enough), leaving man and boy to face off in the front parlor.  Kurt’s stony face is intimidating, but Charles is all of ten now and stands his ground.“You’re not going to make this easy for me, are you,” Kurt says.“Anyone would think you’re the telepath with an observation like that,” replies Charles.  Obviously this is the wrong thing to say, because two seconds later Kurt is looming over him, stony face turned wrathful.“You might have that ace up your sleeve, kid,” says Kurt, “but don’t forget this: I can make your life miserable, and I won’t even bat an eye doing it.”“Right back at you,” Charles says, and then Sharon is back with them, crying and laughing like she’s suddenly gotten everything she’s ever wanted.Charles finds it hard to share her joy, and he goes to sleep that night filled with more bitterness and anger than is probably healthy for someone his age.  And the next afternoon at his birthday party, Emma Frost tells him so.“You look awful,” she says.  “Is this because your mom is marrying Mr. Marko?”“What, did you lose your powers overnight or something?” Charles snaps at her.  Emma sniffs dismissively.“He wants her money,” says Emma, and Charles could hit himself for not looking deeper into Kurt’s mind the night before.  “I’m pretty sure that’s why half of the people here got married, though, so maybe it’ll turn out alright in the end.”“I hope not,” Charles grumbles.  He picks at the dry vanilla cake the staff had put in from of him a few minutes ago.Emma sighs.  “You’re boring,” she tells him.  “Want to play Who’s Sleeping with the Pool Boy This Week with me?”“I don’t think we’re even supposed to know what that means,” Charles says mournfully, but he sets his fork down and runs off behind her to see what dirty laundry they can dig up from present company.  (Emma wins.  Charles maintains for years that this only happened because he was forced to stop playing and open presents; Emma maintains that he’s a sore loser.)(Much, much later, Emma will tell Erik all about this game they played together, and Charles’ face will turn the most brilliant fire hydrant red.  Erik will, of course, turn to Charles with a devilish grin and say, “Pool boys, Charles?  Really.  How fascinating.”“I was ten, you pervert,” Charles seethes.“Ten and prying into your mother’s friends’ sexual affairs,” Erik shoots back to him.  “I’m very impressed, and we should talk more about this later.”“Not happening,” Charles says.)Once all the presents have been opened and the appropriate number of photographs taken, Charles rejoins Emma at the children’s table.  Most of the children present look positively bored, which Charles thinks is odd considering the contents of the goody bags he and his mother had put together (shiny, ridiculously expensive things - Charles barely knows what half of them even do).  Only Tony Stark seems to be amusing himself; he’s in the process of turning his party favors into a trebuchet of sorts.  Charles is fascinated but knows from experience that nothing Tony builds will end in anything short of disaster.It’s time for a diversion, Charles thinks to Emma.  She raises an eyebrow at him but sighs and nods in agreement.  Charles stands and clears his throat; the children turn their attention to him.  “Ladies, gentlemen,” he says, mimicking the tone of voice he’s heard each of their fathers and mothers use on occasion.  “We’re going to go on an adventure.”Two hours later, Sharon is tugging a muddied and bruised Charles by his ear through the mansion.  “You are in so much trouble, young man,” she hisses.  “What were you thinking?  No, you know what?  Don’t answer that.  I don’t want to know.  You are gr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Domestic
Kid Fic

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

