Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Becket Singers isn’t necessarily a new intern to Stark Industries Research and Development department, but he hasn’t been here as long as the singing roomba has.Becket hasn’t worked in a lot of companies. He’s only a junior at MIT with a background in chemistry. He finished his honors thesis on organometallic compounds by sophomore year and wanted something a little more challenging for the summer. He’s got grad school in his future—of course, because in this day and age it’s very hard to get a decent paying job in STEM without getting some sort of graduate degree—and while his research already looks fantastic on his resume, there’s nothing quite as fantastic as Stark Industries Intern (even if only for a summer semester).Where was his point in this? Oh, right. So, Becket hasn’t worked at a lot of companies, but even he thinks the roomba that follows his boss and plays Mmm Whatcha Say full volume every time Mr. Stark drops something on the ground is more than a little weird. He knows it’s The Roomba and not just a roomba by the printed out stock photo of Mr. Stark’s face that is haphazardly taped to the top.(He hadn’t believed it at first, when the other interns told him. He thought it was some sort of hazing ritual to get the new guy to believe whatever dumb bullshit they make up on the spot. Then he saw it with his own eyes and he hasn’t been the same person since.)Becket had asked about it exactly once.  His lab supervisor told him a tale, in a haunting tone, about how the roomba just showed up one day, started following Mr. Stark around and not a single person—in all of the brilliance that is the SI staff—could get rid of it. Apparently, once, they’d tried throwing it down the garbage shoot, never to be seen again. Only for a new and better roomba to show up that very next day as if nothing perilous had ever happened to it. If the roomba breaks, it’s fixed by the next morning. If someone destroys it, it comes back even more powerful.No one knows who created it and repairs it and, unfortunately, no one knows why.It’s not the only thing he wonders about. Becket doesn’t know a lot about Tony Stark, but he always wonders why, exactly, a man like Mr. Stark allows a roomba that plays Mmm Whatcha Say whenever he drops something to continue to follow him around a very prestigious building full of business people and researchers from around the world. Becket swears he’s even seen Mr. Stark holding open a door for it, once. (The other interns call Mr. Stark eccentric. Becket is convinced that he, like everyone else, simply can’t kill the roomba because it’s too powerful for even a man like Mr. Stark.) Becket won’t ever get the chance to ask, though—perks of being a lowly R&D intern for the inorganics lab is the fact that he’s seen Mr. Stark exactly five times in his two months of being here and most of them were during casual 2am coffee runs on the third floor. A part of him is still convinced that he experienced a mass hallucination based solely on lack of sleep and several hours spent working on stoichiometry.Logically, Becket knows the mystery of the singing roomba is going to remain a mystery. It’s not like he has anyone to ask—no one had ever seen the roomba repair guy and lived to tell the tale. Perhaps that’s the reason why he’s so surprised when walking into the inorganics lab, bright and early at exactly six-forty-five AM, only to see a child crouched in the corner of the room with several empty drink cans, various screwdrivers, and a roomba at his feet.To top off his morning, Becket recognizes the stock photo of his boss taped to the top. This is no mere roomba.The kid, as if sensing him walk in, jerks his head up and meets his eyes. Becket tries to keep his voice even and says slowly, “…What are you doing with that roomba?”The kid freezes, screw driver held in suspension looking akin to a deer in the headlights. “I’m, uh, I’m fixing it?”The roomba makes a sad beeping noise. The kid absentmindedly runs his fingers over the sleek, black side as if it were habit.“Why are you fixing it?”“So it works?”It’s then that Becket comes to a terrifying realization that could rock the very foundation of the SI intern social ladder.“You’re the Roomba-Man,” Becket breathes and tries to keep the horrified awe out of his voice. Then, seeing as the kid goes up maybe to his chin, he corrects, “Roomba-Kid.”The kid puffs up like a balloon and says, like he has a lot of practice, “I’m a man.”“Oh, god,” Becket says and tries not to think about the fact that he’s solved the biggest mystery in the history of SI within just two short months of working here.“Sorry about crashing in your lab but inorganics had the stuff I needed so,” the kid scratches the back of his head awkwardly then gathers his remains—roomba, screwdrivers, trash, and all—before standing up and heading out. He pauses at the door, turns around and says, “Thanks for letting me sit here for a sec and y’know, not screaming for security.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
POV Outsider
Peter and Tony Centric
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Interns & Internships
Fluff and Humor
Interns Thinking That Mr. Stark Has A Kid
Interns Being Confused On The Very Principal That Is Peter Parker
Peter Parker Being Resident Cryptid
there are original characters but its outsider POV so
is tony stark a secret dad? tune in for more intern debates
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

