Chapter 1: Let's Meet a Reindeer
    




Chapter Text
“Greetings, my name is Reindeer Games.”Darcy read the words that were swirled on her lower hip. The mirror displayed them backwards but she memorized them from the moment she could read. They were written in an inky green with a strange font, everyone had a different font. She had just never seen one like hers, its large sprawling letters written in an elegant motion.Darcy looked at her bare hip, she sighed, patiently waiting for Reindeer Games. That was the other thing about her mark, who the hell was named Reindeer Games? She shook it out of her mind, she had better things going on, like her first day working as Tony’s personal assistant. Pepper had quit her job after she married Tony and he was determined that he always needed an assistant, despite Pepper’s opposition to the idea.She had gotten a stellar report from Jane and Tony was awesome so she had the job in a blink of an eye. She slipped on some curve hugging leggings and a loose maroon skirt and a button up shirt pared with a blazer. She had some high heeled brown leather riding boots to finish of her look.It was a bright November day, the sun barely making up for the frigid air that nipped at her exposed face, it was times like these she missed New Mexico. The cold couldn’t get her down, not today. She was about to start working for the most hilarious Avenger on Earth, honestly all the other ones were a bit stiff. Except Natasha, she had gone out for drinks with her one time and they may have ended up making out on the dance floor with about five people filming them. S.H.E.I.L.D. thankfully removed the videos after they went viral the next day.“Earth’s Mightiest Hero Caught with Girlfriend.” In her defense Nat is supermodel hot and they were both admittedly hammered. Still, great night, it ended up with S.H.E.I.L.D. worthy shame fame so that was a win in her book. She’s pretty sure Tony still has the video somewhere in his personal files.The Avengers building was bustling with random low level agents, which took Darcy off guard considering the building was usually lazier than a stoned snail. Still she ignored the commotion, Banner probably watched the last episode of his favorite soap opera again, that usually sent him into a lonely and sullen rage.She rode up the elevator with a stupid grin on her face, silently counting the floors till she reached the top. Everything was working out in her life, she had gotten an amazing job with a ridiculous wage, Tony was supplying her with an apartment in the building and Jane was focusing more on Thor then science lately so no more 2:30 in the morning calls for copies of equipment logs.The elevator stopped, before it opened she heard yelling and assumed it was Tony yelling at a robot for using a fire extinguisher incorrectly again, but another voice answered back to Tony.The doors opened, revealing two silhouettes, one was Tony and the other was, well, not Tony. It was a tall man, about six inches taller than her boss. Jet black hair was greased back showing of his frankly amazing cheekbones that you could probably cut yourself on. He was wearing a dark suit with a hunter green tie.She recognized him immediately, it was Loki, for the past few months she had heard that he was working with the Avengers with sciency stuff that Darcy avoided when her internship with Jane was done.They both turned their heads when they saw Darcy, who was in shock a bit. Loki murmured something to Tony that sounded like “If you insist I use it.” He strode up to her with a sarcastic smile and held out his large hand.“Greetings, my name is Reindeer Games.”And she gave her soulmate a right hook to the jaw. *}{*}{*}{*}{*}{*}{*}{*}{*}{*}{*She spat in Loki’s face, who was still recovering from her punch. The vivacious mortal had a devious hook. He looked at her and her blue eyes lit up with fury.Anthony came over, barely breathing he was laughing so hard. Loki whipped her spit off his cheek.“Lokes, I think you just got rejected.” He said with a hand on Loki shoulder. He looked down at Stark with confusion.“I was just using the name you dared me to! Why did she punch me for it?” he hollered at him, mortals were always so confusing.Stark shrugged. “I didn’t know she was going to do that.” He turned to the woman. “Good job Darcy, remind me to give you a raze.”“Would you care to elaborate on why you punched me?” Loki hissed.“It isn’t you!” She yelled at him. Those where words he knew far too much, words he had been reading since he was young. The same words that climbed up his left shoulder blade.Loki looked at the mortal woman, cursing under his breath. His soulmate couldn’t be a mortal, it just couldn’t.“Not you.” He whispered, her eyes got wide and she threw another punch          .“Don’t say that to me, I’m the one who should be complaining!”Loki shook the second punch off quicker than the first.“I'm missing something.” Stark said with his arms crossed and his eyes honed in on him.“
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
tasertricks - Freeform
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmark AU
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Loki saves the day
Tony is a blackmailer
Loki is a flirt
Darcy is a hothead but we still love her
Thor visits
Fury comes to dinner
Loki and Darcy have a 'chat'
'cough cough' smut 'cough'
The Grand Return of Jane
Loki has nail polish troubles
Loki Quotes Shakespeare
ceiling sex
Sad
Sad sad sad sad
like really sad
Calla Lily
Town Tour
Odin you douche
necklace
Loki has the best friend ever
gone
minty
New Years Eve

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

