Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Notes:
WARNINGS:- Mentions of SUICIDE, RAPE, TORTURE (sometimes graphic), and SELF-HARM. If such themes will trigger you, please, please do not read! There are also mentions of child abuse (depending on how you look at it), eating disorders, panic/anxiety attacks, descriptions of medical procedures, etc. Such themes DO get more graphic as the story progresses.- There will be sexual content in the later chapters as well. NOTHING horrible or ultra smutty: just general sex and the intimacy one might expect of a comfortable couple. Of course, that is not for everyone, so following the general warnings rule for My War Is Over, such scenes with major themes of sex/sexual intimacy will be marked and/or disclosed at the beginning of the chapter so that one can skip such scenes if one desires.- Be aware that some things may be missed/are too minuscule to warrant a blocker: so read at your own risk.DISCLAIMERS:- None of the characters in this story belong to me. All character credit goes to Marvel.- The cover artwork used for this story is not mine.-All lyrical credit goes to SYML's The War.EXTRA:- Links to SYML's song The War for Apple Music, Spotify, and Youtube are all below. I highly recommend listening to the song, especially to get a grip on the inspiration for this story.LINKS:- The War (Apple Music): us/album/the-war/1324022741?i=1324022878- The War (Spotify): track/4SQ0ytpTP8v1Rx8FWR22cv?si=S9YYbm0fT5ewi5jMdeB0Tg- The War (Youtube): watch?v=Wy_XQH9Jtuk- My War is Over Official Pinterest Board: https://www.pinterest.com/sparklzzzxo/my-war-is-over-official-board/Happy reading!




Chapter Text

Here stands a man

At the bottom of a hole he's made

Still sweating from the rush

His body tense

His hands they shake

Oh this, this is a mad boy.
 It's the cold that finally wakes him. Not the frigid-temperature type, the kind of cold that sends small quivers down one's spine, rattling their very bones; for that type of cold is estranged to his very being. But it's the cruel kind of cold, the lonely kind. The sharp pressing of metal against abused flesh, the unfamiliarity of something, someplace that is not home. But what even is home, for a monster like me?He hasn't slept dreamlessly, without fear, without waking to fresh pains, in years. But he won't count this one as sleep for he can feel the haze of the drugs he faintly recalls one of the mortals harshly injecting into his neck still lingering inside of his system. He isn't particularly fond of them, drugs. There are fewer variants on Asgard, the practice of healing being much different than that of Midgard, but he was of course still aware of them as in his youth he'd been a rather sickly child. He cares not for the fog drugs leave lurking inside of his head, or the plain fact that he is unable to truly control himself, to mold his every action, his every soft breath into a calm, acceptable perfection while under their influence. Not to mention that whatever substance they'd shot into his neck was not administered with the intention of kindness, but rather just an extreme attempt to keep him quiet; to keep him controlled. Though he really ought to be accustomed to such feelings of helplessness, he muses, as he's been under the control of The Mad Titan, by different methods, granted, for over a year now. It's the inevitable thought of The Mad Titan, the reminder of His touch, of pure agony; that finally betrays him. Attempts to slow his now labored breathing, to still the small tremors of fear racking his aching body, are futile. It is then, by means of his slight shivering, that he notices the borderline painful press of sharp metal against his tongue, restricting its movement and indenting the cold reinforced steel of the cruel gag against his skin. He tries, he really, really tries to be quiet; just like he's always done. To control his shivering and to regulate his panicked breathing. There are eyes on him, he can feel them, watching and waiting. But his lips burn, the unforgettable biting pain of the thick golden thread dragging through them by the wide silver needle consuming his head until all he can think about is pain and heat and misery. Please, please make it stop- 
Here stands a man

With a bullet in his clenched right hand

Don't push him, son

For he's got the power to crush this land

Oh hear, hear him cry, boy.
 It's a bit...weird...to watch someone sleep, Tony decides. He's never done that before, at least not that he can recall. He's never allowed himself, much less even desired, to stay in bed beside a one-night stand or even Pepper back when they were a "thing". But the others seem perfectly content with just staring, so Tony masks his discomfort with the entire situation behind the faceplate of his suit, standing uncharacteristically still beside the cell their resident psycho god lay unconscious inside of, surrounded by layers upon layers of Hulk-proof glass. Seeing as Loki had been tossed around like a mere rag
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Loki is innocent
Protective Tony Stark
Torture
PTSD
Mind Control
Nightmares
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Protective Natasha Romanov
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Anorexia
Suicide Attempt
Self-Harm
Self-Hatred
Self-Esteem Issues
FrostIron - Freeform
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Good Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Has Issues
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Anxiety
Blood and Injury
Recovery
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Loki Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Thor is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Loki's Lips Sewn Shut (Marvel)
Mild Smut
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Past Rape/Non-con
Loki is freakishly powerful
like seriously he's gonna burn the world to the ground
Temporary Character Death
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Natasha is sweet to Loki
suppressed trauma
loki tries really hard to forget
it really doesnt work
Hair Braiding
Odin's Bad Parenting (Marvel)
Protective Frigga (Marvel)
recovery is like a rollercoaster going up and down people and thats how its told here
Relapsing
Blood and Gore
Body Dysphoria
mentions of eating disorders
Eating Disorders
Suicidal Loki
tony and loki are both recovering together
so we're gonna talk about tony too
damaged seidr
you'll see - Freeform
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Insecure Loki (Marvel)
Insecure Tony Stark
loki thinks hes a monster
powerful tony
thanos promised he'd come back
so he does
Battle

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

