Chapter 1: Soul for Sale
    




Chapter Text

CHAPTER ONE      SOUL FOR SALE
 Thor wasn't sure why he was standing in the middle of the crowd, drenched in his own perspiration due to the sweltering summer heat. If it wasn't for his friends' dare, Thor would be back in his chambers resting. His face still felt warmth from Fandral suggestive tease. "Dear friend, you are almost a century old and yet have you taken someone to bed? If its reputation you are worry about, why don't you go and purchase a slave from the market. You can just use them and discard them to the brothels once your done." As minutes passed by, the crowd grew bigger. Many hopeful buyers congregated at the spot, eagerly waiting for the slavers to unload their "goods". Thor let out a sigh. If the swealtering heat was not enough, the prince has to avoid getting sardined in the middle of the crowd. Whoever Thor gets his hands on better be worth his time and effort, the thunder god told himself.  Or there will be hell to pay. His name was Hawkr and he was eager for today's spoils because he had learned that they were rare, gems of all the other realms and if there was one thing Hawkr prided himself on, it was collecting gems.  At first they showed the Dark Elves, chained together and broken in spirit but he has no interest for them.Then came the Light Elves, mostly children. Hawkr paid them no heed because they are good for nothing other than manual labour.It was when the dealers brought forward a figure covered in a cloak that his interest piqued and he sat up straighter as the man announced the 'beauty' of Jotunhiem.The cloak was pulled off and Hawkr's eyes widened.  He was beautiful, indeed, just looking at the creature made his mouth watered.
Bright green eyes, black hair, tied back in a band, pale skin made to be kissed and marked, Loki stood there, before them all, trembling.He wore only a long knee length tunic, and fear in his eyes, trying to cower from the many men that leered at him.The man beside him, the one selling him off gave a crooked smile.  Loki whimpered when his hair was grabbed in an iron fist and he was made to stumble forth."A virgin!" the man hollered to everyone around "worth more than ten gold coins, yes?"
A cheer went through the crowd as the bidding started. Thor looked at the rows of slaves with disinterest. Not that he has specific taste but somehow none of the creatures that were displayed were up to his liking. The elder prince was about to take his leave when the crowd turned rowdy. Some of the men were wolf-whistling and shouting vulgar phrases on top of their lungs. He waded through sea of people to see the cause of their reaction. The sight of a creature on center stage almost took his breath away. His emerald eyes were stunning, contrasting the color of dark his mane. Thor imprinted the slave's pale and luscious body in his mind. His imagination already run wild when he heard the slaver's announcement; Thor would claimed him in the most passionate way and make the creature beg for more. The urge of lunging himself at the platform right now and take the creature on the spot was so great that Thor had to turn away when he saw the slaver manhandled the creature for the crowd's inspection. The prince watched in disdain when a few men tore the slave's tunic, showing more flesh beneath the ruined cloth. Possessiveness bubbled within the thunder god as sweating palms prodded and slide against the creature's body. He was not going to let these bozos stained his treasure with their filthy hands "500 gold coins!" His booming voice silenced the crowd. Thor smiled victoriously when no one voiced out to contest his bid. He turned and looked at the Jotun lying limp on the platform.
 

You are mine, creature!
 Loki screamed and cried as he was touched and pulled, trying to jump away from them but the man only pushed him back.It was only when a booming voice shouted from the crowd, silencing everyone that Loki was released and he fell on the platform, crying loudly, his eyes closed as he lay there, defeated.Hawkr turned to see who had outbid him and growled when he saw the Thor, his own prince standing there. He looked at the slave who was sobbing from his sealed fate and shook his head in utter disappointment. Hawkr was not going to let the prince have him, but his money was limited, whereas Thor's wasn’t. But perhaps he could appeal to him in another way."Majesty!" he stood, turned and smiling to Thor. "What a surprise to see you here, my lord. I did not expect to find a man of your station at a slave auction."Thor was taken aback when his identity was exposed. 
So much stealth mode.
 Thor made a mental note to himself to have a word with his captain once he is back at the palace. And also punching Fandral for daring him in the first place. His ego got the best of him and now he was going to face the consequence. Thor could almost feel his father breathing down his neck, lecturing him for hours like the lad he was.
 
No m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Frigga & Loki (Marvel)
Fandral & Loki

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Jötunn Loki
Master/Slave
Slave Loki
Past Child Abuse
Loki Angst
Dysfunctional Family
Hurt Loki
Hurt Thor
Past Torture
Loki Needs a Hug
Protective Thor
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Frigga & Loki (Marvel)
Fandral & Loki

