Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It comes out before Phil can stop it.  Clint just so sweet under him, making high, breathless little noises as Phil fucks him fast and deep, those big blue eyes wide with surprised pleasure.  Phil is cradling the back of Clint's head in one hand, holding him close and it's so good that he can't help himself.  "Call me daddy," he breathes, and cringes inside immediately as Clint blinks, glassy eyes clearing.  Phil slows and then stops as Clint puts a hand to his chest, pushing him away.  It's not violent, at least."What?"  He doesn't sound disgusted so much a incredulous.  The disgust will probably come later.Twenty years ago Phil would have snarled, "Did I stutter?"  Now he sighs, pulling out and carefully removing the condom, knotting it up and tossing it into the trash can.  He would suddenly rather be anywhere but this shitty hotel room in New Mexico.  "I think you heard me," is what he actually says, and Clint smiles, tight and unhappy.  "Yeah, I guess I did."  He's staring at Phil as though he has suddenly transformed into something so gruesome that he can't look away.  Phil does his best not to squirm.  "I... uh, look.  I've never really," he makes a vague gesture that Phil assumes is meant to indicate the sudden and all-consuming awkwardness that has rolled in like river fog, "and I don't exactly...""Don't."  Phil holds up a hand.  "I shouldn't have sprung it on you like that.  I'm sorry."  At least there are two beds."Okay," Clint says, and does absolutely nothing to keep Phil from getting up, collecting his clothes, and going to the other bed.  His bad knee is aching and it makes him feel old and used up and worthless as he curls up under the scratchy and garish bedspread, blue-balled and embarrassed enough to fucking die.  He can feel Clint watching him for a long, long time, and they both wake up feeling hungover and unable to meet each other's eyes.  They get coffee and road breakfast and don't talk, blasting down the featureless desert highway at about seventy.  Phil usually drives, and is disgracefully glad of it now.  Clint is just staring out the window at nothing (or everything, Phil is starting to suspect that Clint has a higher flicker-fusion rate than other people) and the only sound in the car is the quiet purring of a well-maintained engine.  Clint breaks first."Jesus fucking Christ, turn on the fucking radio," he mumbles around a doughnut, and Phil obliges him.  Of course the lyrics, 'let me be your father figure, put your tiny hand in mine' assault their ears and their sensibilities in the second before Phil changes it over to something else, anything else (except maybe 'Cherokee Louise,') breathing a sigh of relief when he hits 'Lodi.'  Everbody doesn't like something, but he's never met anyone who actually hates Creedence, and Clint is no exception.  He's singing along by the second verse, and a knot of tension inside Phil loosens.The day is uneventful, because God hates guys like them.  Any time Phil could actually use an alien invasion or a sinkhole full of pissed off lizardmen or some dickhead's out of control robots, it never happens.  Everything outside of their speed is so still.  Blank land under the cloudless sky, without even a vulture.  It feels like they're never going to get anywhere, no matter how fast they go.Further proof of divine disfavor comes that night, when a storm strands them in a small town in the middle of a convention.  Phil isn't even surprised when the only vacancy they can find is a single room.  Two beds, at least.  Phil would have paid out of pocket for his own room, but there's no helping it now.  They sweep the place like the professionals they are, and then Clint claims the bathroom while Phil carefully removes his suit, claiming the bed by the window.  He leaves his boxers and undershirt on, and settles on the bed with his laptop, trying not to think of anything but work.  He doesn't look up as Clint rattles around, making his own preparations for the night.  He knows Clint's movements almost as well as he knows his own, and can tell from the sound of the motion on the sheets that Clint has curled into a tight ball, a position he only assumes when something is bothering him."Hey, Coulson?" Clint murmurs at last.Phil forces himself to look up and meet Clint's eyes.  He's sitting up in the other bed, wearing a black t-shirt and hugging his knees. "Yes?""About last night..."Phil waits, but Clint really doesn't seem to have any idea what to say.  "Yes, Clint?""Uh, what the hell was that?""It was me whipping out the kinky shit without consulting you.""So, no eight-year-olds?""Never."  Phil sighs.  "I like the vulnerability of an adult acting childlike.  The vulnerability of actual children is not sexy.""Okay, good."  Clint still looks confused and disturbed, and Phil shuts his laptop.  "Oh shit," Clint says, "here we go.  Feelings."Phil smiles.  "Well, I do feel feelings about you, Clint.""Yeah, I didn't figure you slept with
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Age Play
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Awkwardness
Bottom Clint Barton
Hotel Sex
Condoms
Insecure Phil
Feelings
Oral Sex
Deepthroating
Crying During Sex
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Kink Negotiation
Cuddling & Snuggling
Aftercare
Oral Fixation
adults using their words
Sharing a Bed
First Dates
vietnamese food is delicious
Finger Sucking
Hand Jobs
Pacifiers
Stuffed Toys
Action Figures
Breakfast
cock nursing
Sex Toys
Butt Plugs
Angst
Battle of New York (Marvel)
Coulson Lives
Reunions
Clint Needs a Hug
clint gets a hug from his loving daddy

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

