Work Text:
Peter barely remembered the week after he came back, five years and two minutes after dying on Titan. He had flashes of the hospital, too loud and too bright, sitting with Pepper and Rhodey, waiting for Dr. Cho to save Mr. Stark—Tony. There’d been a possibility he wouldn’t make it; Dr. Cho and Dr. Banner had both been honest about that with them, and Peter hadn’t known if he should think about it, to try and prepare himself, or to only think about the positive outcomes, as though he might will them into being. He’d ended up caught in a terrible mental limbo, not really able to do either and mostly trying not to think about how Tony had looked, lying there in the wreckage of the compound.He remembered a few things very clearly—like the moment Pepper’s phone buzzed, and it was Happy and someone named Morgan. Pepper got all teary-eyed on the phone and eventually passed it to Rhodey, who had a conversation that consisted mostly of, “Uh huh” and “That sounds great, sweetheart” and “Is that right?” “Am I terrible for not telling her?” Pepper asked Rhodey once he’d disconnected. “I just—it’ll scare her, and if he doesn’t—if—”“It’s the right call, Pep,” Rhodey said gently, and Pepper nodded, covering her face with her hands.“Who’s Morgan?” Peter asked. They both stared at him as though they’d either forgotten he was there or forgotten that he hadn’t been for the last five years. Five years. It was still impossible to think about, a week later. But Morgan Stark was proof enough. Peter remembered, too, the moment May had shown up at the hospital. Just, she was suddenly there, clutching at him like her life—or his—depended on it, crying. “Oh God, baby, I missed you,” she said. I missed you, too, he wanted to say, almost instinctively. But he hadn’t. He didn’t remember being gone. He remembered being dusted, remembered being scared out of his mind, and desperate, and then he remembered being awake again. Time skipped after that. May and Pepper tried to get him to leave the hospital, but he refused, too afraid of what might happen if he did. May found him clothes to change into that weren’t his suit, and that was when everyone else realized that Peter was kind of... injured. It was just cuts and bruises, he’d barely felt it, but May had looked horrified and made him sit down while she sewed up the worst of the cuts and put arnica on the bruises. Peter thought that was about the time he stopped talking. It was too much, all at once, and he just couldn’t respond to it anymore. So he stopped talking. He didn’t say a word when Dr. Cho came out, looking twenty years older, to tell them Tony would live. He couldn’t muster a word when Pepper took him back to see Tony where he lay, still unconscious. In a medically-induced coma, Dr. Banner said, and those words echoed in Peter’s head as he stared at Tony’s unnaturally still form. Where his right arm should be, there was only a sheet. He was very, very tired, Peter realized suddenly. How long had it been since he’d left his house that morning?  Five years was a long time to go without sleeping. Or eating. Peter was starving, though he couldn’t imagine eating any more than he could imagine speaking.Somehow, he ended up at a house with May. It was on a lake, and there were lots of pictures of Tony and Pepper and their daughter. Some of them even had Happy and May in them. Peter was glad Tony and Pepper had taken care of May. That had been really kind of them. Happy was there, too. He hugged Peter––hugged him––and then he introduced Peter to Morgan. That part, Peter remembered distinctly. Remembered looking at Morgan Stark and feeling––to his immediate shame––wildly, insanely jealous that Morgan had had those years with Tony and Peter hadn’t.“Tony’s going to be so pissed he missed this,” Happy said, sounding choked up. He’d been filming it with his phone, and Peter wondered what Happy wanted him to do. Morgan had looked like she was thinking the same thing. Her face was serious and wary. Peter didn’t think anyone had told her how badly injured Tony was, but she was obviously smart enough to know that something had happened.“I’m Peter,” Peter had said, his voice rough with disuse. “I’m Morgan,” Morgan had replied. “You’re Spiderman.”Peter had stared at her. “Who told you that?”“My daddy.” With that, Morgan had turned and left the room––left the house, in fact, running down the hill toward a small tent. Happy had lowered the hand holding his phone. “Sometimes she takes a while to warm up to someone,” Happy said, as though reassuring Peter. “And it’s been a tough few days. But she’s really a great kid.”“Yeah,” Peter said, staring out the window. Morgan had just disappeared into the tent. Peter didn’t speak another word for two days. ***
“How worried should we be?”

“He did this before, when his parents died. He didn’t talk for a month.”
Peter stared at the ceiling, listening to May and Pepper’s hushed, worried voices. They were in the kitchen, far enough away from his room u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark Lives
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Depression
Sibling Rivalry
Jealousy
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Sleepy Cuddles
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Mental Health Issues
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
do not copy to another site
selective mutism
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

