Work Text:
The last two weeks of Peter’s high school career were supposed to be spent navigating the industrial bliss of a prestigious internship at OSCORP. Peter had slaved away at his application for six months. He’d done four separate interviews to be chosen as the right candidate. And he was determined not to screw it up once he’d been granted the position.Yes, it meant living Upstate for two weeks, away from Queens and from May, but the hotel was decent and Midtown Tech was paying for the whole trip, so he really didn’t have much to complain about.Except that Upstate New York was practically an uninhabited wilderness.He didn’t know how people managed to get around when their roads weren’t on a grid system. And why the hell was there so much...empty space everywhere?? Didn’t these people know there was a housing crisis in America? Every single property Peter frantically jogged by took up more land than his entire apartment building back in Queens did.So really, it wasn’t his fault that he was running late. OSCORP’s R&D facility was supposed to be a twenty minute walk from his hotel. He left forty minutes before he was scheduled to be there for the first day of his lab tech practicum. He should’ve had plenty of time. Nothing was supposed to go wrong.And then everything did.The GPS on his phone decided it couldn’t find where his location was. Fine, whatever - Peter was a genius. He could figure this out old-school style.But then it decided to add roads that definitely, absolutely were not where they should be. The map said to turn left onto Richter Street and then right on Morrison Ave. What it failed to mention was that Morrison Ave followed the curve of a roundabout and branched off into North and South. So was it right onto Morrison Ave North, or Morrison Ave South? Peter chose North.North was not correct. Of course, Peter didn’t realize that until ten minutes later (seriously, why the heck would anyone want to live in a place where you could walk for ten straight minutes and not reach a new road?? There were like four whole buildings within a ten mile radius, it sucked) and by the time he turned around ran down Morrison Ave South, he was already dangerously close to being late for his first day of his practicum.Acing this practicum would be the fastest, most sure-fire way to guarantee a career at OSCORP after he’d obtained his biochemistry degree. It was the future he’d been working towards since middle school, and he was not going to blow it just because everything five miles north of New York didn’t know how to label their dumb roads properly.His only chance of making it to the lab on time would mean cutting across the private property separating him from the main road. Normally, Peter wouldn’t dare trespass - May taught him better than that - but desperate times called for desperate measures, and his whole future was at stake, here.Mind made up, Peter jogged across the barren road and skidded into the mouth of a long, winding driveway. The whole property was fenced; a tall, solid wood wall that towered a good three feet over Peter’s head, complete with overlapping rows of barbed wire at the top.Not exactly the most welcoming place. But he didn’t have time to spare - even if it meant slicing his hands up jumping over it, cutting through this person’s backyard and jumping their fence was the only way he’d make it to the lab on time.Luckily, the fence was decently shrouded behind a whole forest’s worth of daunting, luscious trees. It reminded Peter of an overgrown Central Park, dark and shaded as he sneakily followed the fence around the perimeter of the property. He tried to be as unobtrusive as possible, but thankfully, no one seemed to be around. Even the glimpse he caught of the fancy house further up the driveway had all of its windows dark, like nobody was home.So he wasn’t too worried about getting caught, even though he felt bad for violating the prominently displayed NO TRESPASSING - PRIVATE PROPERTY sign that was riveted to the outside of the fence beside the driveway.Whatever. It wasn’t like he was here to steal anything - he was just trying to get to work on time. He doubted they’d even be mad enough to call the cops if they caught him.As Peter ventured further into the backyard, the state of the fence steadily declined, like the homeowners didn’t care about the parts no one could see. Rich people should take better care of their stuff, Peter thought to himself, grumpy that he hadn’t yet come across a spot easy enough to jump over. He’d have to start climbing trees if he didn’t find one soon. He was running dangerously low on time.Just as that thought hit him, the fence took a 90-degree turn, and through the dense trees Peter saw a gate breaking up the monotony of the heavy wooden wall. Invigorated, he sprinted to the gate, only to have his hopes dashed when he realized it was as locked and barred as it could possibly be, given its state of disrepair. Heavy iron chains looped around the lat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Stuck in a Wall Porn
Dark Tony Stark
Dark Steve Rogers
Dark Avengers Team
Unrealistic Sex
Coming Untouched
Bondage
Dirty Talk
Humiliation
Praise Kink
Non-Consensual Spanking
Non-Consensual Touching
Public Humiliation
Gangbang
Come Swallowing
Unprotected Sex
Loss of Virginity
First Time
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Spitroasting
Mindbreak
I Want That Twink Obliterated
- Tony Stark
Omorashi
But very very very light omorashi
Like literally less than a sentence of omorashi
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Avengers Team

