Chapter 1: Revolution, Part 1
    




Chapter Text

Stiles is exhausted and trying so hard to pay attention to the professor in his psychometrics and assessment class. He glances around and everyone else in the class seems to be in the same boat - nodding off, leaning their heads against an arm, blinking lazily at the ceiling. With a sigh, he tunes back into the professor, only to get a hard jolt from just behind his ribs. He may be tired, but even if he was dead asleep, he wouldn’t miss 

that

. The wards on his house have gone off. His class lets out just before Derek’s shift at work ends, so he’ll just text Derek as soon as the class is done. Their house doesn’t have anything dangerous in it unless the people inside wish him harm.

And hey, if Derek gets home first, he’s pretty sure they’re going to find their insides on their outsides. On second thought, maybe he should text Derek after all and remind him they just got the carpets cleaned.

When the wards for his desk goes off, Stiles frowns and contemplates risking his dick professor kicking him out of the class if he looks at his phone. Or throwing his pen at Stiles’ face, but Stiles is really good at ducking. This professor may think he’s progressive with his techniques, but Finstock was throwing things at Stiles’ face years ago.

Stiles can map the intruder’s way through the house with all the doors and cabinets that get opened. The exploration isn’t rushed, so he doubts it’s a thief. Some of the more expensive items are moved but not 

removed

, although he makes a face when his PS4 is lifted and put back. Like he’s going to hide anything in there.

His Jedi wards - aka his 

this isn’t the information you’re looking for

 wards - never go off. Honestly, the whole experience feels more like a curious exploration than a search for something. Books are slid out of the bookshelf, but always put back and none of the dangerous books are moved.

When the wards for the fridge goes off, he can’t help his 

what the fuck

 expression, because what the hell is he supposed to have hidden in his fridge? Stiles almost pulls out his phone to text Derek, but stops. His instinct tells him to wait, to not leave the class early like he wants. Usually when his gut screams at him, he pays attention. It’s kept him and his pack alive for eight years. He’s not about to ignore it now. After a few deep breaths, his muscles relax and his body goes slack again.

Derek will kill him when he realizes that Stiles is going home without alerting anyone that the wards on the house have been breached, but now 

he’s

 the curious one. He’s a curious cat and he’s going to get fucking murdered one of these days. Maybe today.

As soon as the lecture is done and leaves the classroom, he can practically 

feel

 someone watching him. He restrains from doing a 360 on the sidewalk with his middle fingers in the air, because he’s an adult and a professional, but it’s hard. Stiles also doesn’t pull out his phone to check his messages or emails. He’s not about to risk someone watching and assuming he’s asking for help.

Instead, he lets himself get pulled into a conversation with two classmates as they walk toward the parking lot. One peels off to head in a different direction, but Stiles remains engaged with the other student and sings the Mission Impossible theme in his head.

On the drive to the house, Stiles makes sure to blare the music - and if it’s his fight playlist, then there’s no one to judge him, 

maybe

 - and bop around to the music, singing the lyrics he knows and absolutely butchering the lines he doesn’t. Nothing out of the ordinary, and he lets his exaggerated motions cover his fidgeting.

And if he stops through the drive-thru for curly fries, well. Someone raided his fridge, and he doesn’t know if his after-school snack is still there. If someone 

is

 there to kill him, he’s not going to go down without a fight and full stomach.

If Stiles hadn’t warded the shit out of the house, he never would have guessed anything was wrong when he finally arrives home. The door is locked and there are no scratch marks around the lock. If the wards also hadn’t alerted him that the front door was breached, he would assume they came in through the window.

He hitches his backpack higher on his shoulder so he can shove the door open. Stiles tosses his keys into the bowl he and Derek keep by the door but keeps his bag with him. There are definitely two people in the house, but they’re not waiting to ambush him right away. The lights are still off and nothing looks disturbed. It’s not dark enough to hide anyone since the sun is still up, but it’s getting closer to the evening and the setting sun creates shadows in the living room and kitchen.

As flippant as he’s been so far, he’s still pretty pissed. The wards are supposed to be an “in case of break-in” scenario that should never happen. He can’t think of a single person who 

knows

 that he and Derek are there that’s stupid enough to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Recovery
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Humor
BAMF Stiles
excessive sarcasm
Misunderstandings
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Assisted Suicide
Emotional Manipulation
Sarcasm
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski Feels

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

