Chapter 1: Moira's Preperation
    




Chapter Text
“Moira, are you sure you don’t need me to fly out there and stand up with you? It might help make a bigger statement.” Pepper asked over the phone for what seemed to be thousandth time.“Pep, I know you are worried, but you’d worry more about our friends here than there.” Moira reassured. “I studied and prepped for this. Besides, I know you want to be there when Evie and Rhodey get back from their tests. I got this.” Pepper chuckled.“I know you do. I’m just worried that this is a hail Mary.”“Maybe, maybe not.” Moira said. “But no matter what, it’s time to lay the foundation to take those bastards down a few pegs.”“Moira, you’re the best.”“Why thank you.” The blonde woman smirked.“Helen’s back, I’ve got to go. Good luck. And remember the entire circle will be watching and we have your back.”“Thanks, Pep.” Moira hung up and checked that she had all the notecards with her statement on it and in order. She then stood and straightened her blazer and dress that she had bought a few months ago on a shopping trip with Christine and Maria. It had been meant to be for her first day at work but she had decided to wear it today. It felt like having a piece of her friends with her. She glanced at her phone to check the time. In just ten minutes she would be going onstage in the press room of the tower to deliver the statement.This was the most nerve-racking experience of her life, if it had just been a standard release about a merger or something else, she might have been fine. But two of her best friends were currently in the hospital, one paralyzed and the other having just come out of a coma. And she was mad as hell. It would be hard to keep her emotions in check during the conference. A knock on the door startled her and a security guard poked his head in. "It's time, ma'am." Moira nodded and squared her shoulders as she picked up her statement and strode to the door. 'Enjoy your high horse while it lasts, Rogers.' She seethed. 'Because we are going to knock you down so hard, you'll never get back up.'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Female Tony Stark
Press Conference
actions have consequences
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
None
