Work Text:
Tony and Vision finished the final checks of the new security system at the revamped Compound and started inputting the identification data of the newly designated Avengers and support staff. Every few minutes, Tony caught Vision staring off into the kitchen area, his expression pensive."She really did a number on you, huh?" Tony said. "Look, V. Don't feel bad. Everyone's first goes to crap. That's just the way love works.""I don't think much of emotions in that case," Vision replied. "They seem quite problematic.""Buddy, you said a mouthful." Tony finished inputting Velasquez, Marta, their security systems analyst, and then got on comms. "Marta, you should be able to get into the control room now."After a pause, Tony said again. "Ms. Vasquez? Please respond." He shared a concerned look with Vision, who said, "I will check on Ms. Vasquez. Perhaps she's gone on break.""I've got the rest of your list. There are only a couple left."Vision nodded then floated off silently. Tony got back to copying identities and biometric data. It went incredibly fast when he didn't have to use a keyboard. He'd just finished up the last item when the door sensor alerted him to an entry that shouldn't have occurred.Tony spun around to find himself confronting the stars of his nightmares. Rogers. Maximoff. Romanov. Barton. Wilson. No sign of the ant, but Tony heard he returned home with an ankle monitor. "Well, well," Tony said. "What are you assholes doing here?"  Tony silently alerted Rhodey to the situation. He wasn't finished with PT yet, but that didn't mean he couldn't direct things behind the scenes. Steve looked pained. "Tony—"Tony overrode him. "I thought you were enjoying your luxurious life as criminals in exile. I know, top-secret," he held his finger to his lips. "But that's quite a sugar daddy you found. I think he's richer than I am.""Jealous, Stark?" Wanda said. Her eyes glowed red. Tony smiled sweetly. "I'm just glad you're not leeching off me anymore. I was starting to feel anemic."Wanda growled. Clint did something near his waist that had Tony sending another silent message, this one to FRIDAY and Vis. "Guys," Steve said, making a calming motion. "Tony. We wanted you to be the first to know. King T'Challa has been in secret talks with President Ellis. He's granting us all a pardon."Tony laughed. "He's doing what? What's the point? You barely broke any US laws. Well, except for the kitchen renovator over here." He pointed to Wanda. "I'm sure Vision will be happy to pursue a civil suit against her. But the rest of your crimes took place in Europe; in Africa and Russia."Clint clenched his fists and stepped forward. "That doesn't matter. We're home now. I'm going home.""Oh, are you?" Tony said, amusement coloring his tone."Yeah," Clint said belligerently. "It's been a fucking year. You've kept me from my family long enough, asshole.""Oh, I did. Really? Little ol' me. I plucked you up from your happy home life and dropped you in a situation where you didn't belong, in a country where you had zero jurisdiction, to create a whole fuckton of property damage in the name of...what, exactly? What were you fighting for, Clint? Do you even know? Did Steve ever mention it when he dragged you away?""You motherfucker," Clint said and started toward him, his bow coming off his back. It suddenly flew out of his hands and straight up to the ceiling, where it got caught in a glowing blue field.Clint jerked to a stop, a hilarious expression of dismay on his face."Sorry about that," Tony said, almost laughing as Rhodey announced over the intercom, "No weapons to be used outside the training areas," in a snooty voice."Try taking my weapon from me," Wanda said, striding forward, her hands already swirling with feral red energy. It dissipated immediately with a sad pop."What?" she yelled. "What just happened?"Tony shrugged. "Like Rhodey said. Weapons bad.""Tony." Steve stepped forward, the rest of them doing the same, moving as a front. "Stop this game.""Oh, this isn't a game, creampuff. This is your life. I'm not sure why you're here, but we pulled your invitation a while ago. Now get out.""Tony, be reasonable," Steve said, and Natasha added in her quasi-persuasive tone, "The president himself gave us the all-clear. I know you've got pull, but it doesn't go that high.""How wrong you are," Tony said under his breath, and thankfully before the boot-in-mouth crew could kick themselves in the intestines, Vision came wafting through the wall."Ms. Velasquez was overpowered by...ah. I see you located them," Vision said, pretending surprise. "Very efficient of you," he added, his voice dry as the void between stars, and Tony choked back a laugh."Yeah, I'm good that way. Is Marta all right?""I took her to the infirmary and left her with Dr. Strange." Vision emphasized the doctor's name, and Tony hid a smile."He's a great doc; I'm sure he and Rhodey will take care of...things.""Great, terrific. Can we please stop with the back and for
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Not Steve Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Not Sam friendly
I hate your band
Don't Like Don't Read

fandom: 
None
