Chapter 1: A Brush with The Devil
    




Chapter Text
 
 
 
 
Chapter 1: A Brush with the Devil        Steve jerks the handle of his suitcase for the umpteenth time, cursing as the top left wheel gets stuck in place again and skids against the airport floor.He’s half-running, half-walking, full-on wheezing across the terminal, not realizing that international flights to the US board almost an hour before takeoff until after he got in the coffee shop line. It’s his first international flight ever (second, counting the flight here), and he’s learned, quite fast, that a lot more work goes into it than he thought. He moans as he sees yet another security checkpoint set up at the gates entrance, a bright red sign reading: NO LIQUIDS.He gazes longing at his unfinished Frappuccino before taking one last, reverent sip and dumping it in the trash. What is it with countries and their fear of liquids?He hands his shiny new passport with all of one stamp and his boarding pass to the falsely cheerful attendant. She scans it, then points him towards a line of serious looking security guards.“Any liquids, sir?” The woman behind the table asks as she does a cursory dig through Steve’s unmentionables.Steve thinks about his Frappuccino. “No,” he says morosely.He eventually gets his stuff back and enters the plane. He thumbs the pass uncertainly, then hands it to the flight attendant, who leads him past business class and to the first row of economy, in the exit row.As a small thank you for visiting, his Aunts and Uncles in Dublin offered to upgrade his ticket home. He steadfastly refused when he looked up the price that would be – already the flight is nearly $800, he’s not spending a thousand more – and after hours of polite arguments, they’d settled on an upgraded seat at the front of coach.Steve smiles warmly at the memories of his trip to Ireland. It was the first time seeing his mother’s side of the family since she passed away a few years back. Sarah Rogers was a first generation Irish Immigrant, and while she brought Steve up as American, she tried to keep her Irish roots. After she died, her relatives had been adamant on seeing Steve, so Steve cobbled together all the could from his uneven art sales and the small, steady income from the coffee shop he owned and ran, and managed to get himself a flight to Ireland to see them.Despite it being a hassle to get there, it was completely worth it to bask in the memories of his mother and hear her native tongue again, even if he didn’t remember more than a few words.“Your seat, sir,” the flight attendant says kindly. “I’m afraid you’ll have to put your bag in the overhead bin as there is no seat in front of you.Steve doesn’t mind, and he settles in for the ride. Though he doesn’t need the legroom, being only five foot [REDACTED] inches, his back pain flares up if he sits too long, and the space in front of him is large enough to stand up if he needs it.He’s lucky there’s no one in the middle seat. He’s in the window, and in the aisle sits an elderly woman with curly brown hair and a serious expression, choosing not to return Steve’s smile and greeting. Steve shrugs it off as he settles into his seat. Maybe she’s having a bad day.The woman pulls out a bag of pistachios and starts to shell them, and Steve reflexively glances at his phone, checking his email, despite knowing he’s not paying eight bucks for internet on the flight home.They eventually get around to taxiing and taking off, and Steve wonders, not for the first time, how a thing like this is capable of flight. Planes always made him think of a bird that’s been frozen mid-flight, that someone found and strapped an engine to and launched across the sky. It’s a silly picture, and Steve aches for his sketch pad. When the seatbelt sign clicks off, he jumps up to retrieve it from the overhead bin, with minor difficulty.As he’s digging through his bag, the woman in the aisle seat says something sharply in a language he doesn’t recognize, before he hears the sound of something scattering across the floor.Steve looks down to see that she’s accidentally spilled her bag of pistachio shells in front of the seat, and she was struggling slowly, trying to reach them.Steve jumps to it without a second thought. He helps collect the shells in hand and pour them back into the bag, going so far as to get on his hands and knees and dig under the seat for the ones that had fallen there.When he finishes, the woman is looking at him in surprise and gratitude, and says something in… Russian? But not quite, as it doesn’t sound like anything Natasha has ever said before.Steve just blushes and says, “you’re welcome, happy to help,” and settles back in his seat to start his silly sketch. He doesn’t emerge from his art stupor until the drink cart arrives, and he orders a glass of wine while the woman next to him points at the orange juice.They are served and Steve pops the tray table out of the weird side compartment it’s in. He spares a glance
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Other(s)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Alternate universe - Mafia
Identity Porn
Mafia Bucky
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Roger's Health Issues
Protective Bucky Barnes
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
also a stripper
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Protective Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Def Not
steve misses his mom
POV Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes is built like a brick house
Crack Treated Seriously
Fluff
Smut
Angst
the holy trinity
Explicit Sexual Content
Which is well marked
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Size Difference
Flexible Steve Rogers
candid discussions of health issues
one use of the f-slur
some killing
A realistic approach to pre-serum Steve's health issues
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Misunderstandings
Hilarity
Hospitals

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Other(s)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

