Chapter 1





Chapter Text
April 2011
“Hey, Gringo?”“Hm,” he hummed softly in reply to the voice in his concealed earpiece.“Uhh, heads up,” his controller advised, sounding a bit distracted. “We’ve got a sparrow coming in to the AO. …Not clear where they’re coming from, but they’ve got a broken wing.”Rollins’ eyes scanned around the room using the bar mirror to see if anyone was watching him before he looked like he was talking to himself. The bar was pretty empty for the weekday evening and Jack hid his question behind his glass. “How bad?”“They can fly, but I don’t have details.”“Who is it?” he checked. He allowed a long pause before pressing, “Well?”“Checking. Waiting for the link to TOC 3. ...Still standing by.”“For fuck’s sake,” he muttered to himself. He couldn’t blame the guy at the console in DC. At least it sounded like he shared his frustration and was working the problem. But still, “I need a name. Something.”“We’re working on it,” the controller promised. “All I got is it’s one of the Horsemen, comin’ in on foot.”“Not exactly helpful,” Jack grumbled.“Yeah, I know,” he agreed, starting to sound as impatient as Rollins felt. “...Gringo, I don’t have a name. I got an ETA of 3 to 5 mikes, but I still don’t have a link to their controller. I’m just seeing the flash messages. I’m gonna send a runner over to TOC 3 and get someone to pick up the fuckin’ phone and talk to us.”“1 in 4’s not bad odds,” he reasoned. “I’ll figure it out.”“I’ll advise any updates.”“Copy,” Jack mumbled, ahead of the last sip of his drink.The bartender wandered by again and Jack motioned for him to stop. He tipped his head to the activity outside the window on the street, asking what was going on. The bartender looked outside as a pair of police cars running their sirens stopped at the curb. The man explained, in a thick, local accent, “Someone killed the Jackal. Police are looking for anyone suspicious, tourists traveling alone.”He nodded his thanks for the information and ordered another shot of the hotel’s watered down whiskey, taking a casual look across the windows, trying to spot whoever the Horseman in trouble was. He only saw the police and curious locals looking back over shoulders as they passed the authorities. His next drink was poured and Jack dropped another bill on the counter for the bartender to pick up next time he went by.“Watching the clock, they should be there soon. See anything?”“M-mm,” he negatively hummed. “Local cops just showed up, though.”Jack turned over his shoulder, hearing a commotion behind him and seeing the police coming into the lobby. The rest of the patrons staring gave Jack permission to watch without drawing any attention to himself. The senior officer was just assigning duties to his men, when a woman walked in alone. She stopped, eyes scanning the lobby, as an officer approached her. She turned her head, still looking for something when she locked eyes with Jack. Rollins sat up a little straighter, setting his glass back on the bar.“What?” she distractedly asked, still looking at Jack as he stood up from his barstool across the way. She gave her attention to the officer, feigning ignorance of the language and apologetically begging, “I’m sorry. What?”“You’re passport, Miss,” the officer insisted again, this time in English.“Passport?” she questioned, giving a small shake of her head in confusion. “Oh, yes, of course. Sorry. It’s in-”“It’s okay, uh, Officer? Sir,” Jack spoke up, sliding his palm across the small of her back, stopping to stand with her at his hip. “There you are,” he grinned down at her. “Thought you got lost, or something.”The flash of relief at seeing a familiar face beside her was unmistakable. A small part of Jack was relieved to see her, too. He’d have a harder time selling a cover for any of the other Horsemen. With a woman, it was easy. The odds of this ending in a blood soaked mess were greatly reduced.“It’s okay,” he promised the cop again, with a sheepish grin, keeping her close and holding up his free hand as a sign of submission. He fumbled through an apology in piss poor Spanish, as if he wasn’t fluent, and explained, “She’s with me. Sorry, Officer.”Before the officer could push the issue any further, Jack turned away, guiding her to move with him by taking her hand in his. He offered another poorly executed apology to the officer, as they went. With a friendly grin, Jack glanced over his shoulder, giving a small awkward wave goodbye. When he turned his attention forward again, his face instantly sobered and he quietly checked, “You okay, Lieutenant?”Addams answered with a subtle nod. “Got into a fight. Got nicked.”“What were you doing so close?” he scowled, glancing down at the brown leather tote on her shoulder she was clutching to her side.“I wasn’t,” she frowned. “I got cornered on my exfil by a couple soldiers checking IDs. They tried to take me in. One got off a shot.”“GSW?” he worried.“Just grazed,” she shook her head. “Still bleeding. Probably need so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
AU
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Explicit Language
Explicit Sexual Content
Canon-Typical Violence
Weapons
Fighting
Injury
references to violence
Drinking
Action
Action/Adventure
Post-Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Secret Empire
Hydra (Marvel)

fandom: 
None
