Work Text:

-1979-
 The first thing Logan notices when he comes to is that everything is red. The walls, the floor, the ceiling: all red. There are no windows, and the only light is a muted glow coming from a panel set high in one wall. The second thing he notices is the boy crouched in the corner of the room. The kid's scared, that much is obvious, but he's not cowering. He's just keeping himself small, his palms spread flat against the walls. He's listening intently, moving his head minutely every time Logan makes a sound."Hey. Hey, kid. You hurt?"The kid jolts, jerking his face towards the sound of Logan's voice. They've got him kitted out in some weird metal eye-mask with padding behind it. It doesn't look like a bandage, so it's got to be something to do with whatever this kid's mutation is, keeping him in check maybe, but Logan can't figure why on earth the kid would voluntarily wear something that blinds him. Logan's not great at guessing ages, especially with the mask covering half the kid's face, but his skin is smooth and there's little more than a light dusting of stubble on his jaw, so Logan figures he can't be more than about sixteen. Too young to be in here alone, caged like an animal. Logan curls his lip, thinking of all the very bad, very painful things he's going to do to Stryker the second he breaks out."Don't freak out, okay? I'm not here to hurt you. I'm a prisoner. Just like you.""You're nothing like me.""Mutant, right?" Logan smirks and makes sure he lets the sound of it leak into his words. "Yeah," he sighs. "If I had a nickel." He has to read the kid's expression from the set of his mouth, but Logan knows a scowl when he sees one. He gets it. The M-word still sounds strange in his mouth, like something from a science fiction novel. He gets closer and squats down to what would be eye-level if the kid could see him, keeping loose, all nice and friendly-like. Then he realises that body language isn't worth a damn here and wonders if he has the kind of voice that's likely to reassure anyone. "Listen, sooner or later somebody's going to be stupid enough to open that door, and when they do, I'll get us out of here.""Yeah? What can you do?""Enough. Don't worry. I'll get us out.""No, I mean, you're like me, right? A mutant? Otherwise you wouldn't be in here. So, what can you do?""Oh. Well, I have these..." Logan glances at the back of his hand and for the first time in longer than he can remember his claws seem just a little bit silly. He's never had to explain to somebody in precise and exact terms how much of a freak he is. The claws usually speak for themselves. He reaches out, but pauses before actually making contact. "I'm going to touch your wrist, okay? Don't freak out.""Stop telling me not to freak out."Logan figures that at least it wasn't a flat "no". The kid draws back a little, bristling with distrust, but he doesn't complain when Logan hooks two fingers in the cuff of his jacket and tugs. He settles the kid's hand on the back of his own, safely behind the line of his knuckles. The kid's palm is warm and dry, and his hand is steady. Logan clenches his fist a couple of times, double-checking that the kid's hand is back out of harm's way, and he extends his claws. The kid sucks in a breath, going very still as the claws slide out, slow and whisper-soft. There's a sharp pain, just like always, but it's an old pain, and it's one that Logan knows to expect."Careful. Don't touch the underside of the blades. They'll take your fingers off."The kid nods and slides his palm over the back of Logan's hand and along the back of the claws."They're warm," he observes. Logan doesn't reply. He just stares at his forearm and wonders how it all works; how his bones are aligned, what extra muscles and tendons he must have, where the claws lie when they're hidden away in there. It's not something he thinks about very often anymore. They've always been there, a part of him -- even if the new gleam of the metal still catches him off guard -- and it's not in Logan's nature to question something he knows can't ever be changed.The kid taps one claw a couple of times with his fingernail and cocks his head, listening to the faint answering hum of vibration. He feels around carefully, tickling Logan's knuckles and ghosting over the places where the claws sliced through the skin. The tips of the kid's fingers slip between Logan's, testing the tiny human webbing there for a second before drawing back. It feels strange. Intimate. People who aren't Victor or Kayla don't usually get this close once they've seen what Logan really is. It's almost a relief when the kid sits back and blows out a stream of air."That's a new one," he says."Yeah, well. It's a whole new world." Logan sits back against the wall, wishing he had a cigar, and looks around their cell. There's too much red. It's giving him a headache. He watches the play of light glint along the edge of his claws. "How long you been in here, kid?""Uh, a couple 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Logan (X-Men)/Scott Summers

freeform: 
Prison
Blindfolds
First Time
First Kiss
Older Man/Younger Man
Amnesia
Superpowers
Mutant
Trust
Red Room

fandom: 
Logan (X-Men)/Scott Summers

