Chapter 1: Home
    




Chapter Text
It was kind of weird, being stateside again after six months of searching for his brain-washed best friend throughout Europe.New York was a lot warmer than Siberia, thankfully, but it still kind of felt like a foreign country to him. Even after all this time, after being back for well over a year, it was still so strange to see how much the city he once called home had changed.Seventy years could do that, he supposed.At least he’d gotten used to getting his shield through automatic sliding doors.“Morning, Cap.” A familiar voice greeted behind him, one that made the super-soldier grin as he turned around.“Morning, Nat.”She grinned hugely at him, walking over and giving him a quick, but warm hug.“Missed me?”“Shut it. I’m just glad that you didn’t freeze your patriotic ass off, cause I’d be the one who had to drag it back.”“Hah, and what makes you so sure that you’d be able to find my patriotic ass?”“Please Rogers, I know Siberia like the back of my hand.”“Well, that woulda been helpful.” Sam muttered as he walked in, a box under each of his arms. “This genius got us lost a grand total of way too many times.”“Weren’t you in charge of the map?”“What good is a map in the middle of Siberia? There’s literally snow everywhere.”“You didn’t have to come.”“Yeah, but then you would have frozen off your patriotic ass.”Steve rolled his eyes, his eyes wandering over towards the door for just a second when he saw another familiar face.“Ah, here’s another one.” The super soldier murmured, pointing at the door. “Barton, right?”Luckily for Natasha, Steve was a kind man. One that wouldn’t tease her for the way her gaze softened when she saw the archer, how her face flushed just a tiny bit when their eyes met.Sam, however, was not so kind.“Aw, Nat, you do have feelings!”“Swear to god, Wilson.” She muttered as she walked towards her fellow former SHIELD Agent, turning around and making an ‘I’ve got my eye on you’ gesture for a moment before turning back to face front.“‘Love is for children’, she said.” Steve commented with a chuckle. “Knew that line was bull from the start.”“Too bad. I was gonna ask her out for dinner.”“Didn’t peg you for the stupid type.”“Hey, it could happen!”“In what universe?”“Now, boys, you shouldn’t start fighting just yet. You’ve only been here a couple minutes.” A woman said behind them, her voice accompanied by the sound of high heels clicking against a tile floor.“Ah, hello, Ms. Potts.”Pepper smiled warmly at him. “Please, Captain, call me Pepper.”Steve returned the smile. “Alright, then, Pepper. Where’s Tony?”“Upstairs. Actually, there’s something I need to tell you about-!”Steve sighed, walking towards the elevator. “Can you tell me on the way? I just got off a long flight from Siberia, kinda jet-lagged.”“Ditto here.” Sam agreed as he followed him, punctuating his sentence with a yawn.“I, uh, I don’t really think that it’s that sort of news...” She started to explain, getting into the elevator with them.“I’m sorry, Pepper, but if takes longer than the ride up, then I don’t think I have the energy to pay attention.” The soldier said as the doors closed, resisting the urge to lean back against the elevator and fall asleep.Pepper sighed, pressing the button to the top floor. “Fine. I tried to warn you.”Steve chuckled as the elevator started to rise up. “Trust me, ma’am, I think I can handle anything that Tony can throw at me.”“Oh, you’d be surprised.”The soldier chuckled once more as the elevator came to a halt. “I’ll keep that in mind.”The elevator doors hissed open, revealing the huge, open area before them.Sam whistled appreciatively. “Stark didn’t spare any expense, huh?”“Tony’s got a different definition of ‘expensive’ than most people.”“How so?”“Well, let me put it this way: The only thing he’d really have to save up to buy is the moon.”“The fuck would he do with the moon?”“If the plans I found in his lab are any indication, build a moonbase.”Steve chuckled as he walked over to the couch. “God help us if Tony ever manages to build a moonbase.”“You said it. Anyway, your floors are still being set up. They should be ready for move-in at around two.”The soldier hummed as he set his bag and his shield down, laying down on the couch. “Wake me up then, I guess.”He heard both Pepper and Sam chuckle, followed by the sound of footsteps coming closer and then moving farther away.Steve sighed contentedly, wriggling around until he was comfortable and closing his eyes. He’d rather be asleep in a bed, but a quick nap on a couch would have to do.Just as he was about to fall asleep, though, he heard footsteps coming towards him, closer and closer until they stopped. A soft clang rang out next to him, one that could only have been someone lifting up his shield.“Put it down, Tony.” He scolded half-heartedly, not once opening his eyes.He heard a sharp gasp, one that sounded nothing like Tony, followed by a much louder clang. Steve opened his eyes, jolting upright in shock.His ey
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Kidfic
Baby Peter
Baby MJ
Baby Harry
well four-year-olds but close enough
Tony is a good dad
Peter is the most timid four year old in the world
He likes Tony and Transformers
And Captain America
Steve attempts to bond with him
To varying degrees of success
Pepper is the best
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
clint is a butt
Superfamily (Marvel)
eventually
Norman Osborn is a terrible dad
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Compliant
Iron Man 3 Compliant
Sort Of
I'm keeping the arc reactor okay
Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Deaf Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Bobbi Morse Friendship
In that Clint tries to be Bobbi's wingman
Wanda Maximoff: Reality Warper
Maria Hill is not good with kids
Panic Attacks

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

