Chapter 1: Contact
    




Chapter Text
Peter started writing letters to inmates as soon as he turned eighteen. It had started as a light interest and quickly became a passion project. The kid had a heart too big for his sleeve and it bled out into words on paper. He hadn’t been much of a writer before, but it was an obsession that resulted in ten letters a week of varying length being sent out into the world and across the country. It was all friendly, nothing beyond an offer of an ear to vent to and compassion in a prisoner’s darkest moments. It wasn’t until…  him that Peter found himself in a whole new territory he had not prepared himself for. ___ His profile had been short, something Peter had a tendency to avoid, as he’d learned quickly that shorter profiles either meant an inability to carry a conversation or a potential scam. Normally he would have glanced past such a profile, looking for ones that displayed depth and intelligence, emotional or literal. His had neither. He didn’t come off as unintelligent, really, it just seemed like he didn’t want to give anything away. It was the exact profile Peter should have skipped, but then he saw the picture. Steely blue eyes framed by long dark hair looked back at him, unsmiling, but there was something behind them, something Peter couldn’t quite place. The man had slid his features into emotional lockdown but for some reason, Peter was drawn to the glimmer in his eye, one that hinted at mischief that wasn’t quite an ‘open’ quality of the man. It drew Peter in and without thinking, he jotted down the address and anything interesting he could squeeze from the meager details given. He stored it in the notebook he kept specifically for this sort of purpose, before logging off the library computer and running to catch the subway home. The train station was surprisingly light on traffic, then again, hadn’t that been the whole point in hiding out in the public library after school? The subway during its lighter hours was prime time for writing. The sway and quiet background chatter lulled him into a state of ease. Words always flowed out of him best in the strange subspace the metro plunged him into.  Pulling out a fresh notebook, Peter began writing. Usually, he would write to the oldest letters first and work his way towards the newest and any new contacts. Today he broke his normal routine. Balancing the first notebook, Peter grabbed the earlier one he used to keep track of information and set it on top of the first. He read over the information he’d jotted down as he tried to come up with a way to start the letter. 
 James “Bucky” Barnes  

 Birthday: March 10th, 1988 (32 yrs)  

 Gender: Man  

 Earliest release: 2080 

 Incarcerated Since: 2010 

 Address:  

 James Buchanan Barnes #19251003 

 Hydra Unit  

 25353 Shield Ave. 

 Trenton, ML 45789 

 Notes:  

 -Served in the military. Unclear what branch.  

 -Arm amputation at some point?  

 -1940’s music and WW2  

 -Gay, Single.  
Peter stared at the last point. He couldn’t for the life of him explain what possessed him to write down that detail. He knew better, he hadn’t started this looking for romance, the world wasn’t a place where a prison romance could work. It didn’t help that the man was nearly fourteen years older than him, or that he’d be over seventy by the time he saw the outside world again, if ever. Yet, his eyes kept settling on those two words. If nothing else it couldn’t hurt to just strike up friendly conversation? He often found it easier to talk to other gay men. A lot of things could go unspoken and understood, easier to make those deep connections. He’d done it and not fallen for them, even the hot ones. Bucky would be no different once he started talking to him and realized just how little they had in common, it would be the same as every other time. No need to get hung up on it. With pen to paper, Peter wrote everything that came to mind. He knew better than to second guess himself on the matter. Honest and open had always gotten him the same in return, and despite his attempts to construct the outline for the emotional barrier he needed to put up, he couldn’t help but hope that Bucky would find him as interesting as he found the other man. It was a childish want but he clung to it more than he was proud to admit. The letter mostly spoke of his love of photography and technology, the occasional joke or detail on his life. A few photos to give a face to a name, and he sealed it. It was harmless. Completely and utterly harmless.___The first letter came a little less than a week later.That morning the tower was quiet. Dad had left behind a note and a quick breakfast, but was otherwise not a part of his morning. It was always a rough start to the day when he didn’t see his father, but Tony Stark was in high demand and Peter would have to wait his turn. With a sigh, he ate the breakfast sandwich Tony had shoved into the warmer, the one he'd insisted they needed for times like this. W
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Prison
Prison Penpal
Age Difference
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter is still in high school but he is 18
Soft Peter Parker
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky and Peter both have some issues
Implied/Referenced Sexual Harassment
Codependency
Overprotective Dad Tony Stark
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Obsessive Behavior
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Tony Has Issues
mainly in making up his mind if he's going to be protective or ignore his son
Threats of Violence
Sexual Themes
Abandonment Issues
Anxiety Disorder
Dark
This story will get a bit dark but for now
Fluff
Imagine mutual pining but like
one of them is defo obsessed
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
it's unclear within the story what happens
Dark Bucky Barnes
Unhealthy Relationships
Non-Graphic Violence
Non-Graphic Torture
Vigilante Justice
Minor Character Death
Off-screen death
Dirty Talking Bucky Barnes
Dirty Talk
Daddy Kink
gratuitous ball worship as Ru likes to say
Oral Sex
kinda sorta shower sex
Subspace
Spit As Lube
Dom/sub Undertones
Light Feminization
Swing Dancing
aggressive sex
trying not to get caught
Praise Kink
Creampie
Under-negotiated Kink
Exhibitionism
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

