Work Text:
Bucky wants to fuck the shit out of the skinny little blond the second he first lays his eyes on him.He’s finishing up with a client when he hears Peter call out from the front desk, “Barnes, you’re two-thirty consultation’s here!”He’s rubbing down the guy’s back with green soap to get the rest of the excess ink off his skin, examining the final product carefully to make sure it lives up to his standards. He’s nothing short of a perfectionist when it comes to his work (which is why he works at a place as well-reputed as Stark’s Art and has the long line of clientele that he does). All of the lines look crisp and straight; all the curves are flawless and the colour is vibrant with the right amount of blending into the shading, just like the client asked for. He feels good about it, but he always feels better when they get to see it for the first time in the mirror and get excited about it. That’s how Bucky knows he really did a great job.“Yeah, I’ll be there in five!” he calls back before looking back to his client – Wade, he thinks his name was? “Alright, man, all finished. Take a look at it and then I’ll bandage it up for you,” Bucky says.Wade swings his leg from off the chair he’d been straddling and checks out his fresh ink. To Bucky’s delight, he gets a gigantic grin across his face and exclaims, “Fucking right, dude, this is sick. That’s exactly what I wanted – I fucking love it.”“Awesome, I’m glad. Now, the colours will look a little less vibrant once it heals but it shouldn’t be that much different from how it looks now. If you find anything about it you don’t like within the first thirty days, touch-ups are free. After that, it’s half-price per session.”Wade keeps staring at his tattoo from different angles as he asks, “You ever get many people coming back for touch-ups?”“Not really, no,” Bucky answers honestly. He explains the aftercare steps to the customer so that the tattoo won’t become infected, but it’s really just a formality at this point, since the guy’s already decently covered in them and undoubtedly must know the drill by now. After applying a thin coat of Bacitracin to the tattooed area and bandaging it up, he sees Wade to the front desk so he can pay.Peter takes it from there. Bucky gives Wade a courteous parting goodbye and then leans on the desk, asking, “My next appointment still here?”“Yeah,” Peter replies, pointing his pen in the direction behind Bucky. “He’s sitting on the couch with his buddy.”“Thanks, dude.”Bucky turns and sees two guys who can’t be any older than their early twenties at most, lounging on the sofa and chatting with each other. The one who catches his attention immediately is the smaller of the duo; thin and blond, with shaggy bangs sweeping across his forehead; the rest hidden under a black beanie. He looks like he’s practically swimming in his loose-fitting red v-neck t-shirt, but he seems to make up for that with how tight his black jeans are. He’s got a pair of black and white Vans on and about six thick bracelets on each wrist, along with an older-looking watch that looks like it has no business complimenting the overall look.Bucky almost falters in his step when he takes the sight of him in because goddamn. Everyone in the shop is a tight-knit bunch, so they know what his sexual preference is like. Bucky’s not what you would ever call ‘high strung’ – he’s always been more of the carefree spirit, living life one day at a time and never letting himself get too stressed out about the unimportant little things. He basically lives by the phrase carpe diem, which is why he has it inked in cursive down the top of his spine.How this translates into his sex life is that Bucky likes to have sex. A lot. He’s not a dick about it; he doesn’t go promising anybody the world when all he wants is something with no strings attached. Though lately, he’s been starting to get a little tired of living the bachelor life with no signs of it changing, because he’s three years shy of thirty and yeah, eventually he’d like to settle down and have a family. But it’s looking at people like this guy that makes him think, ‘Okay, just one more night of hot, sweaty, emotionless sex and then I’ll try and get my act together.’He’ll have to have a talk with the gang later – about them being bad influences on him; how Natasha and Pete can’t keep giving him the talk about when are you going to find a girlfriend? Or a boyfriend? and then go sending him gorgeous twinks for clients. They know he has a soft spot for twinks – they know. It’s his goddamn kryptonite.He isn’t sure which one of them is the client (though fuck, he hopes it’s the blond one, c’mon god, be a bro), so he walks up and claps his hands together, saying, “What’s up, guys? I’m Bucky; I think I have a consultation with one of you…?”They both glance to him, and that’s when Bucky notices the best goddamn thing in the universe: Blondie’s friend looks to his face and gives a friendly smile while Blondie himself seems to visi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Reference to Mary-Jane Watson
Tell me if you find her
Reference to Bucky/Brock
Reference to Steve/Scott
But never actually seen
Tattoo Shop AU
Tattoo-artist!Bucky
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Rich-boy!Steve
Tattooed/pierced!Bucky
Tattooed/pierced!Steve
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Rimming
Hand Jobs
Marijuana
MDMA use
Just the one time
Drug Use
Drug-Induced Sex
Everything is consensual
Grinding
Dirty Dancing
Dirty Talk
Tattoos
Piercings
Nipple Piercings
Tongue Piercings
Guess which one has which
You'll just have to find out
Happy Ending
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Needles
Needle fetish
Pain
Bucky and Steve both get off on it
Bucky teaches Steve how to tattoo!
Tony runs the tattoo shop
It's called Stark's Art
My kingdom if someone will design a logo for it
Lots of Sex
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Stucky Porn Prompt Challenge
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Warning: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

