Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter looked around the Avengers compound, amazed by how big it was. Sure, he had been here before, but it didn’t stop him from admiring the place. Perhaps, the fact that it was much emptier and quieter than the last time he came, made the place feel bigger. There weren’t many people living there, now. He only knew that Mr. Stark and Captain America lived here together now, which was why Mr. Stark invited him to live there, too.With May gone, he had to live alone. So Mr. Stark told him to stay here after he graduated until college started. He said the compound was too empty now and there were too many empty rooms, it was creepy. Peter was sure that Mr. Stark was looking out for him so he wouldn’t wallow alone in his apartment. Peter was grateful for this. If he was here, he could keep himself busy too, by learning from Mr. Stark.He was kind of nervous though. He knew he had nothing to be worried about, but he still felt jittery. Had been since the morning.After a while, he finally reached the Avengers living area, the place where he was supposed to stay now. The door opened automatically for him—he remembered Mr. Stark said something about how the system here was based on DNA and that he had already registered Peter’s DNA. He walked inside, dragging his suitcase with him.He had never been here before and he was surprised to find the place being quite cosy. What he noticed first though, that the living room smelled nice. Sweet.“Spider-man! How are you?”He almost jumped when he suddenly heard Captain America’s voice. The man just stood up, apparently had been sitting in one of the sofas and noticed he was coming in. Once he took a look at the Captain though, his surprise was new again. Captain America looked different from the last time they met. Last time, the captain was supporting a beard, but now it was gone, he was clean-shaven again. And he was bigger.The captain was wearing a tight shirt, his protruding stomach and chest were clearly on display. He was several months pregnant. Mr. Stark didn’t say anything about this, though he knew that he and Cap mated after the decimation. He knew that after so many people gone—most of them omegas and females, somehow, that there was a movement to encourage females and omegas to procreate. There was even a demand from some people to start breeding omegas again, ‘just like old time’, to replace the half of the population that were gone, though the ones who demand that were conservatives who wanted to use this chance to have power over omegas again. The government did encourage people to start creating babies more, though. So, he wondered if Cap was doing what the government wanted, though, after the accords, he knew that Cap was not to type to follow orders blindly.“I’m fine,” he answered, gulping down his saliva and tried to act normal, “Thank you for letting me stay here.”He walked closer to Cap, and he noticed as he got closer, the more he realized that the sweet smell in the room came from him. The scent got stronger and his mind registered that it was the omega scent. He smelled...ripe, bred but still ready to be knotted. Peter wanted to slap himself and stopped walking. What the hell was he thinking about? This was weird, how he smelled Cap’s scent so strongly. He was a beta and even after he got enhanced, he didn’t manage to smell omega’s and alpha’s scent so easily.“It’s not a problem,” Cap said, he walked closer to Peter and the scent of cinnamon, apple, and other things penetrated the air. The captain patted his back and continued to say, “Come, we have prepared your room.”Peter basked in the scent. Cap walked first and he numbly followed the man, suddenly feeling drunk on the scent. His hand was itching to touch the omega, to rip his clothes off—no, that was wrong. What the hell, Peter? He quietly slapped himself, trying to get himself together.They arrived in the room and Cap opened the door, “Here it is.”They went into the room—and it still smelled the same. He was still surrounded by Cap’s ripe scent.“You like it?” Cap wondered. Peter turned and saw that he looked worried, probably because Peter hadn’t been talking much.“Oh, yes, this is great!” Peter said, even though he hadn’t inspected the room, “Makes me feel like an Avenger.”“You are an Avenger,” Cap smiled, though he looked sad, “So, how are you coping?”The loss of their closest ones still hurt. The reminder almost made Peter sobered up instead of being drunk on omega scent.“It’s fine, I am getting used to it,” He shrugged, “Mr. Stark has been helping me a lot. At least now I am not so alone.”“Oh, I am so sorry,” Cap suddenly hugged him and Peter stiffened—not because of the hug itself, but because of the sweet scent. It hit his nose and suddenly he felt so weak. His hand touched Cap’s shirt, ready to rip it off so he could bask in the omega, “I can help you, too, with anything.”But then he sobered up again and let go of the shirt when Cap pulled away from him. What the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dubious Consent
Alpha Peter Parker
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Pregnant Sex
Rutting
Breastfeeding
Male Lactation
Intersex Omegas
Hermaphrodites
Weird Biology
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Breeding
Knotting
Come Inflation
unbetaed
First Time Topping
Mpreg
Pregnant Steve Rogers
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Intersex Steve Rogers
multiple pregnancy

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

