Chapter 1: A Simple Field Trip
    


Notes:
Thank you quarantine for giving me too much time on my hands. This is going to be a small fic that I’ll be writing in my spare time. Updates will be sporadic at best, but whatever. Infinity War and Endgame happened, but they were only gone for five months and many things happened differently in Endgame that will be explained in these beginning chapters.EDIT: first chapter edited! I'm so sorry it took so long, school's kicking me right now but I promise I'll try to be more consistent now that the first couple weeks are over!




Chapter Text
This all started because of a field trip. Peter didn’t know that, the Avengers definitely didn’t, even the ones guilty of starting this did not know that their greatest plan would hinge on a field trip. But, as the fates will have it, a field trip did indeed start what people began to call The Germany Meltdown. Or, as the series of Avenger-centered documentaries  directed by Stan Lee named the movie, Avengers: Bonds of Blood and Love.

Peter groans. His alarm clock won’t stop beeping and it’s getting on his nerves- wait.

“Peter!” Aunt May yells. “Wake up, you have school today!”

“Wha?”

“School!”

“Oh shit!” Peter leaps out of his bed, slams the off button on the alarm, and rushes to get ready. Of course he shouldn’t be surprised because he does this almost every single day, but hey, a routine’s a routine? 

“Language!” his aunt calls as he runs into the bathroom.

“English!”

Once he’s ready, he calls out a “Bye May!” before snatching his lunch off the counter and sprinting out of the apartment, being chased by a “Stay safe!” shouted at his backpack. 

On the subway, Peter goes through his messages and notifications. His messages are mainly Ned texting him about his latest LEGO set, with only one coming from MJ who was reminding him to not be late to Decathlon again, something about a surprise from Mr. Harrington. Bet it’s not going to be a good one, Oscorps certainly wasn’t. All the notifications are from his social media accounts, a couple people reblogged his posts on Tumblr and a lot of people liked his aesthetic pictures of the city on Instagram. Twitter was a different story, about a hundred likes had poured in after he dissed a homophobic and transphobic user. He smiles at the sight of that and screenshots it.

Once the train stops, Peter jumps out and runs to the school, just making it in time for the five minute bell. Quickly grabbing stuff from his locker, Peter rushes to his first class, thankfully making it with time to spare. 

“Dude, I was worried about you!” Ned complains after they do their handshake. Classic greeting, honestly he doesn’t get why making a complex handshake with your best friend isn’t seen as ‘cool’. 

“Why’s that? I wasn’t late!”

“But you almost were.”

“I had thirty seconds! That’s plenty of time!”

“You and I both know that’s a lie.” Harsh… but accurate. 

Then Flash interrupts their argument, smirking. “Aww, look at the nerd couple. It’s their first married argument!” 

Ned and Peter glare at him. Yay... the other part of the routine. Flash. “For the hundredth time, we’re not a couple!”

“Besides, I’m straight,” Ned adds.

“And even if he wasn’t, we wouldn’t be a couple. Ned’s my best friend, my bro.” As close to a brother as is possible without being blood related, and even then, well, blood doesn’t really mean much compared to actual feelings. 

Ned grins and dramatically gasps. “Bro...”

Peter starts fake crying. “I know bro, I know.”

“Best bros for life.” Ned’s pretending to hold back tears and all Peter can think is how much he loves Ned for knowing exactly how overly-dramatic he wants this to be.

“For forever.”


“Bro...”


Flash sneers, confused as to what he just saw, and walks back to his seat. Yeah that’s right bitch, just back the fuck up.

Miss Dar runs into the classroom, a pen in her hair and papers threatening to slip from her grip. “I’m here I swear!” she yells before actually looking around. “Wait, why am I at school?”

“Miss Dar, you’re our teacher,” Betty helps, everyone use to their teacher’s occasional memory lapses in the mornings. She should seriously get help for that but on a teacher’s salary... 

“Really?” Then it clicks. “Oh shoot, I’m so sorry everyone! I promise I’m trying to be better about this, really I am.”

“It’s okay Miss Dar, we know you’re trying,” Peter reassures, speaking on behalf of the class. Miss Dar is really nice to everyone and has helped him with anxiety attacks in the past. She’s also the first teacher he told when he started to transition, and she’s the one who helped him talk to the other teachers and school board. No one hates her, even Flash. Well... okay he’s never been able to openly express his hatred for her in school or online under his name. 

“Right right, thank you Betty and Peter, now class, where did we leave off?”

School continues like that, Peter rushing around the school to get to classes and taking notes. Lunch comes and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Loki & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Shuri
Carol Danvers/Maria Rambeau
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

freeform: 
Irondad
Angst
Fluff
Kidnapping
Threats of Violence
Violence
Beating
Anxiety
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Spider Mom Natasha
Self-Esteem Issues
Self-Doubt
Self-Hatred
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Bi Peter Parker
Everyone Has Issues
Asexual Bruce Banner
Supportive Avengers
Trans Male Peter Parker
Bullying
Panic Attacks
Nightmares
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Implied/Referenced Torture
Psychological Torture
Past Torture
Child Abuse
Past Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Body Dysphoria
Aromantic Asexual Natasha Romanov
Hydra (Marvel)
Unethical Experimentation

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Loki & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Shuri
Carol Danvers/Maria Rambeau
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

