Work Text:
The thing about Charles is that... well, it's almost embarrassing how easily he gets under your skin. Erik thought it was just him, at first--he doesn't make a habit of asking out guys who break his nose, even if they have incredibly blue eyes and adorable floppy hair--but everyone loves Charles. Moira, of course, who jokes that Charles is the brother she never wanted and always needed, and the children at the daycare, but also people on the street. The girl who checks out their groceries at the supermarket. The entire staff of the children's department at the bookstore where they first met. Even the homeless man on the corner always has a smile for Charles. Everyone's drawn to him. He knows it's not just a telepath thing--Erik used to work with a woman called Emma Frost, a world-renown heiress and telepath whom Erik hated on sight and would be happy to never see again. It's just a... Charles thing. It's like he leaves a trail of rainbows and goodwill in his wake.It would be annoying, if it wasn't so fucking endearing.***They're at the grocery store. Erik's not a particularly good boyfriend, usually, though Charles seems happy to put up with him, but he's trying to pull together everything he knows about making Charles happy. The cart is filled with Charles' very particular idea of comfort food and some appalling overpriced tea. A month ago, if Charles came home exhausted and covered in paste and too tired to even mentally fill Erik in on the day, he would have made fun of him. After helping Charles at the daycare, however, Erik is quick to offer what little comforts he can. He had tried, even, to get  Charles to stay home, but after a quick nap, Charles insisted he'd better come along, lest Erik forget something important.(He said "forget" in a tone of voice that made it clear how much forgetfulness Charles thought was involved in Erik conveniently leaving the store with two canisters of coffee and no tea the last time he went shopping on his own.)So they're at the grocery store and Charles has wandered off as Erik surveys the ice cream, searching for the elusive chocolate peanut butter that Charles loves so much, but never seems to be in stock. It takes more hunting in the freezer than is probably socially acceptable, but Erik finds the last two pints and triumphantly cradles them to his chest as he steps back, glaring at the middle-aged woman giving him a dour look. This is Charles' ice cream now. She can find her own.Charles is, of course, missing, along with the grocery cart. The benefits of dating a telepath, however, mean that...
Charles?

Cereal aisle.
...he isn't that difficult to find.He's leaning against the cart, when Erik gets to the cereal aisle, and bending over. Erik takes a moment to admire the view until he realizes the reason Charles is leaning over is because there's a munchkin trying to climb his leg.Erik struggles to put a name with the face. Blonde with plasma energy. Likes to set fire to the little blue furry one's creations. Alex Summers. Right. He'd singed the whole sleeve of Erik's favorite black turtleneck the last time Erik had been at the daycare. He probably wouldn't have worn it if he knew supervising daycare was like going to war, and he'd already made a mental note to wear something he liked less next time, maybe that odd purple turtleneck instead."Alex! I told you not to run off!" A gentleman pushing a cart quickly appears at the other end of the aisle. There's a car seat hooked to the top of the cart and it's filled with diapers and baby food and juice boxes."Mr. Charles!" Alex says in reply, his arms around Charles' neck."I'm very happy to see you, Alex," Charles says, "but you shouldn't run away from your father. Next time ask nicely to come over and I'm sure he'll take you.""I'm sorry," Alex's father says, running a hand through his hair. "We're all exhausted because of the baby. I'm afraid my reaction time is slipping." Charles chuckles and hoists Alex farther up on his hip."It's no problem," he says. "Alex is a pleasure, as always."Erik clears his throat quietly to make his presence known."I found your ice cream," he says, presenting it to Charles somewhat awkwardly before dumping it in their cart. Charles grins at him with an easy, warm delight."Thank you, darling," he says, and leans up on his toes to kiss Erik's cheek. Stepping back, he glances down at Alex, who is regarding Erik with a pout. "Alex, you remember Mr. Lehnsherr, don't you?"Alex frowns, concentrating, and then slowly nods."Good to see you again, Alex," Erik says."New baby," Alex says. He points at the cart his father is pushing. There is, indeed, a sleeping newborn in the carseat hooked on top."Erik, this is Christopher Summers, Alex's father," Charles says. "Mr. Summers, this is Erik Lehnsherr.""Nice to meet you," Mr. Summers says, shaking Erik's hand. "Do you work at the daycare too?""No, no, no," Erik says quickly. "No. No. ....no.""Erik filled in for Moira when her aunt died suddenly," 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Domestic
Established Relationship
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

