Work Text:
There are both advantages and disadvantages to the start of summer. The interns are gone, for one, but, of course, the summer interns will be starting in a week. The days are longer, but they're hotter. Charles begins to wear short sleeves and sweats very prettily, but he's also exhausted and dehydrated by the time he gets home from work every evening, good for very little aside from slumping in front of the air conditioner.Summer's never truly begun, however, until Erik's annual family sick leave."Family sick leave?" Charles asks over dinner, sushi eaten straight out of the carton, while lying on the floor in front of the air conditioner. "I mean this with the utmost sensitivity, Erik, but you don't actually have any family.""True," Erik says. "But, there is a work obligation that I do my best to avoid by claiming various relatives have died."Charles laughs, full and incredulous."How long have you done this?" he asks, pushing himself up on his elbows."How long have I worked for the firm?" Erik asks, counting backwards. "Six years? So, five years.""Oh, Erik," Charles says, but his disapproval is enveloped by laughter."I went one year," Erik says. "It was all I needed to see to know I never wanted to experience it again.""What is it?" Charles asks. "Some sort of training or review?""Something like that," Erik says, and effectively ends the conversation by leaning over and licking a smudge of soy sauce off the corner of Charles' mouth.***The email goes out the next Monday. Azazel sees it first."Now would be a good time to invent another great aunt," he says, apropos of nothing when Erik comes in with their morning coffee."That time already?" Erik asks. "Brilliant. I'll come up with something.""I would think you would enjoy the chance to show off your arm candy," Azazel says.Erik rolls his eyes. "I have no desire to torture Charles by forcing him to mingle with those idiots," he says. "I'm perfectly aware that I have the most desirable spouse of out anyone in this department. I don't need to spend eight hours in the sun in a park on a Saturday to prove it."Azazel shrugs. "You know," he says, "most people here look forward to the company picnic.""I'm not most people," Erik says, sitting at his desk, but not missing the skeptical look Azazel shoots him behind his back.***Charles ruins it.Of course he does.It's in his usual optimistic, charming way, so Erik can hardly blame him. It doesn't stop him from trying, though.It's Tuesday evening. The day's been fraught with thunderstorms and cloudy skies, the temperature dropping to a cool sixty-five degrees.  Charles is in high spirits (and, tragically, a cardigan) after a day spent reading stories and leading crafts instead of running around outside, and easily agrees to dinner out, going so far as to let Erik choose their destination.So, really, maybe it's not entirely Charles' fault after all, since Erik should know better than to choose the cosy Italian restaurant two blocks from his office."Lehnsherr!" he hears before they've even sat down. Charles looks at Erik questioningly.My boss, Erik tells him, and he can't even keep the frustration out of his mental voice, so he smiles weakly and waves at the man instead of acknowledging him aloud."What a surprise! Wonderful to see you--Lehnsherr works so quickly and quietly we hardly ever cross paths, even in the same building," The second half of the sentence is directed at Charles, who smiles broadly."Well, he is brilliant," Charles says, and gives Erik a look so affectionate and proud he's torn between preening and hiding under the table from embarrassment."Charles, this is Phillip Coulson Sr. His son is my direct supervisor," he mutters instead, gesturing towards his boss and not meeting the gaze of either of them. "Mr. Coulson, this is Charles Xavier.""It's a pleasure!" Charles says. "I believe you're the first person that Erik works with that I've ever met!""How bout that," Erik murmurs.Be kind, Charles chastises.You don't have to work with the man every day, Erik shoots back."Well, then I'm sure you're looking forward to the company picnic," Coulson says, and it's all Erik can do to keep from burying his head in his hands.Tell them you're sorry but we have an urgent family matter to attend to that day! he thinks wildly.Charles glares at him and says, "Company picnic? I'm afraid Erik hasn't told me about that yet, but it sounds marvelous."This is your family leave? Charles thinks. He sounds crosser than his grin would normally lead Erik to believe."A week from Saturday," Coulson says. "It's funny, now that I think about it, I don't know that Erik was there last year.""Family emergency," Erik mutters. Coulson claps him on the shoulder."Well, luckily there's none of that this year, eh?" He grins. Erik simpers. "I'll leave you boys to your dinner. I'll see you tomorrow, Lehnsherr. And I look forward to seeing you a week from Saturday, Mr. Xavier.""I look forward to it as well," Charles says. "Have a pleasant e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Azazel (X-Men)/Janos Quested

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Kid Fic
Domestic
Established Relationship
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Azazel (X-Men)/Janos Quested

