Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Steve grunted as he punched the boxing bag one last time and it swayed. As it came back, Steve punched it again. He was trying his best to pent up all the frustration that was stored in him for the past 70 years of sleep. He was so focused on punching that he almost missed a beat when he heard one of the boys in the gym let out a huge wolf whistle. Instead, Steve caught it and looked around.


The gym he worked in didn't get many people working in it, but it had about 8-10 people in it, all men, including Steve.But then he noticed the reason for the wolf-whistle. A beautiful young woman, no older than 20, if he had to guess, entered the gym with her duffel bag on her shoulder. She had pink hair that was braided and wore grey leggings, a black hoodie, and sports shoes. He didn't know that women came here, at all."Look who finally decided to drop by" Alex, one of the heavy hitters of the gym chuckledThe girl dropped her duffel near the lockers and laughed. A sweet sound, Steve noticed."Sorry Alex. Had important stuff in Malibu""for two whole weeks?" Henry, another man who came to the gym asked. Steve didn't really know anyone personally, but he made sure to learn all their names. He was more of a coming-working-leaving kind of guy. After 70 years of being frozen, he didn't feel like socializing with people."Yeah. Job demands" the girl shrugged "So, who's up for today?"Alex beamed "Get in here, flower petal"The girl chuckled and to his shock and surprise, she unzipped her hoodie and threw it over her duffel bag.Steve so wanted to remove her eyes off of her, but couldn't. The girl was technically a goddess. She was way too beautiful, had a perfect body that would have men falling like dominoes for her. And by the way, she walked, it seemed she had the air of confidence and self-esteem wrap her around like an aura.Steve slowly felt his cheeks warm up. What the hell he was doing? Sure women didn't show off that much in the '40s, and that had changed a hell lot, it didn't mean that Steve will ogle any woman who did that too. Where were his morals?Flushed and embarrassed, Steve slightly cleared his throat and went back to punching the bag. His only job here was to beat the hell out of the punching bag and go back to the new apartment SHIELD had arranged for him. No more no less. No matter how cute, adorable of beautiful the girl was. The realization only caused him to flush even more."If I win, you'll buy me ice cream for a whole week" he heard the woman's voice."sure sure" Alex laughedSteve tried his best but couldn't help. He stopped punching the bag and looked ahead where the woman and Alex were standing in the boxing ring, but they weren't wearing gloves, which confused him."So, are we up for MMA?" the woman askedAlex smirkedEveryone in the gym knew that Alex was the best MMA fighter in the locality. He had people challenging him and getting their ass handed back to them. And it made Steve curious. If grown-up and muscular men couldn't hold it up to a man like Alex-who was all muscle, can a young woman like her?"Then you are in for a treat" the girl giggled and took a fighting stance, Alex copied and took his own position."60 bucks on flower petal!" Someone from the crowd shoutedThe woman only laughed"come on, no money on me?" Alex asked, but didn't sound much sincereBut no reply came, which only made the woman laugh more"guess it's decided then, huh?""Don't be so sure" Alex chuckled and went for an attack.Steve had to admit. That woman was a fighter. She used her disadvantages to her advantage. Her lack of muscle and size was pretty much made up by her quick reflexes and agility.And that shocked Steve. From where he came from, women were not this open, ever. They sure didn't were lingerie to the gym, but that also never fought like that. Women were supposed to be more sublime and polite, but this woman clearly defied all the rules.Quite ironic for a girl who was called flower petalThe match ended with Alex being dumped on the ground with a sack of flour and the woman pressing her knee on his back and holding his head in a headlock.Alex reached and tapped the ground a couple of times and the woman released him. She stood up, panting and extended a hand towards Alex, who excitedly took it and stood up. Both of them were catching their breaths and were covered in sweat"It was awesome" he grinned, as if he wasn't just beaten down by a woman half of his size"Yeah, it was" she chuckled and then yelped as Alex pulled her into a quick hugShe pulled back after a while "I'm hitting the showers." And then she exited the ring, picked her duffel and entered the showers.Steve noticed perispherically a few guys handing over bills to who placed the bet"She's a masterpiece, huh" someone chuckledSteve turned next to him and noticed Mike, another man who was great at boxingWhen Steve didn't reply, Mike looked at him"Look, no offense kid, but I saw the way you looked at her," he saidSteve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Pepper Potts
Harry Potter & Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

freeform: 
Female Harry Potter
daughter harry potter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Parent Tony Stark
Genius Harry Potter
BAMF Harry Potter
Tony Stark Feels
Makeover
Legilimency

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Pepper Potts
Harry Potter & Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

