Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“That shield doesn’t belong to you.”For several long moments after Steve – no, not Steve. Never Steve again. Rogers. For several long moments after Rogers and Barnes shuffled out of sight, Tony’s words seemed to echo through the room. Tony kept his eyes on the shield, which lay on the frozen ground about fifteen feet away from him. Just one more thing that had been cast aside like it meant nothing.The pain in his chest was more than just physical; within maybe ten minutes, Tony heard a jet lifting off. His breathing quickened as he realized that they had left him behind. His eyes swept across the room, searching for any other signs of life… but there was nothing. Just Tony, the broken armor, the shield, and the sound of the cruel wind as it whistled across the Siberian tundra.So, this was it. This was how Tony Stark died. The realization settled heavily onto Tony’s shoulders, weighing him down further. Rogers had broken the arc reactor powering the armor, and the back-up power supplies had been damaged in the fight. His only hope was that FRIDAY would realize what had happened and contact someone to help, but Tony didn’t know if she was advanced enough to make those calls on her own. JARVIS? No question. But FRIDAY was still so young.This wasn’t how it was supposed to be. Tears burned hot at his eyes, even though he tried to blink them back. Tony had been a fool. There was no other word to describe it. He wondered now if Rogers had ever cared about him, or if he’d just seen Tony as a means to an end. All those nights when Rogers had held him and rocked him to sleep, had they ever meant something or were they all a lie?“A lie,” Tony breathed, knowing the truth in his heart. If Rogers had felt anything towards Tony, it was a pale mimicry of what Rogers felt towards Barnes. At best, Tony was a substitute. At worst, Rogers was only pretending to get better access to Tony’s resources: money, connections, jets. Tony honestly doesn’t know which is worse.At any rate, now that Rogers has what he really wants, Tony has ceased to matter. The realization cuts deep, deeper than it should considering how he can now look back with open eyes and see how things really were. He’d always thought that Ultron was the mistake, the force that drove the Avengers apart, but that was wrong, wasn’t it? There were cracks in the team long before Ultron. That was just the first time that Tony had consciously noticed them and couldn’t ignore them any longer.He had spent so long fighting for Rogers’s attention. Trying to be whatever Rogers wanted. Looking the other way when Rogers did things like bring Maximoff onto the team, even though she had gone into Tony’s head and forced him to see terrible things. Ignoring Pepper and Rhodey when they tried to point out that Tony was being stupid. Tony had sacrificed so much for Rogers because he’d convinced himself that Captain America cared about him, and that if only Tony could be a little better then Captain America would want him.And this was how he was being re-paid.He gulped in a breath and coughed. Bright agony seared across his chest and Tony choked, freezing in place. Waves of pain radiated up into his head, making his eyes water anew. He couldn’t be sure what was wrong, but something definitely was. A supersoldier couldn’t just ram a vibranium shield into gold titanium alloy without doing some serious damage to the fleshy human underneath. It was probably a toss-up as to whether he was going to freeze to death or die from inner bleeding.If he got out of here, Tony thought, things would be different. He would never again allow himself to be taken advantage of. He would work to surround himself with people who actually cared, even if that was limited to just Pepper, Rhodey and Happy. He would figure out some way to shield himself against magic. He would never again let himself give literally everything for the proverbial carrot.But that was a big if, and Tony could feel himself beginning to slow down. His hands and feet were entirely numb now, no longer prickling painfully. Each breath he drew was shallow, and the tightness in his chest suggested that he couldn’t have taken a deep breath even if he’d wanted to. He belatedly wondered if he had collapsed a lung, or maybe there was a build-up of fluid in his chest.At least he hadn’t slipped into his headspace. If he had, he would’ve been a panicking, squalling mess on the floor. Though maybe if he had, the end would’ve come sooner. Tony blinked slowly at the ceiling, pondering that. If he couldn’t breathe, he would pass out. If he passed out, he wouldn’t have to sit here and think about how damn stupid he’d been.Captain America as Tony Stark’s daddy. Ha. What a joke. At some point his eyes drifted shut, which Tony wasn’t fully aware of until the shifting of displaced air registered. He opened his eyes and blinked, realizing that someone had literally appeared in the room with him. Tall and imposing, the figure was c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
alternate universe - littles are known
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
little Tony Stark
Baby Tony Stark
daddy stephen strange
daddy Steve Rogers
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
team civil war iron man
not team Cap friendly
Crying
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Feels
Diapers
Pacifiers
bottles
thumb sucking
Carrying
Hugs
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
tony stark has steve issues
now those steve issues and daddy issues are combined
steve rogers is a terrible daddy
tony stark is moving on
steve has a hard time understanding that
the best revenge is living well
Protective Stephen Strange

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

