Chapter 1: It's Not Pathetic. It's Just Desperate.
    




Chapter Text
When the Goddess of Sex died, no one on Asgard wanted to take her place. She was a beautiful woman - seductive, alluring, wise - but her job was impossible. She walked the worlds surrounded by lust and primal needs, a job not fit for the weak of heart. She knew her time was coming to an end and someone, but not just anyone, needed to take her place.She died with a whisper that she wanted - no, needed - the new God or Goddess of Sex to be someone with great restraint. This person had to be able to withstand sexual requests and prayers and only grant the wishes to a few lucky hearts. After she passed, there was a lull in the realms when it came to sex. Romance lasted, for the God of Love was still alive and well, but the sex, the passion and the desire had fizzled out. Pleasure was being depleted and that needed to remedied.But with every single person that Odin requested take up the mantle, they declined. No one could handle the frenzy of sexual prayers without being tempted by them. It was a frustrating endeavor and Odin was beginning to believe sex and lust would fade from existence for good.That is, until Loki stepped forward.Loki entered the throne room with a smug grin on his face and Odin immediately knew why his son was there. There was mischief glittering in his eyes and a confident swagger in his step. His body language shouted that the boy would get what he wanted by the end of this, Odin could tell. In fact, it was likely that Odin wanted Loki to get what he wanted. Because what Loki wanted was exactly what Odin needed - a new God of Sex.“I take it you know why I’m here,” Loki said, his smirk still evident on his face. Odin simply grunted and leaned on his throne, feeling old as he looked at the prideful youthfulness of the man before him.“You want to be the God of Sex,” Odin mumbled.“In addition to the God of Mischief. Let that be known,” Loki stated, a challenge written on his face. Odin raised a thick eyebrow. “Mischief and sex are not a healthy combination, son.”“So you think,” Loki drawled. He stepped closer to the throne, waving one large hand around in front of him. “But really, consider it. Being the God of Mischief includes being the God of Lies. What better person would there be to discern truthful passion from violent lust than a god so trained to detect a slight of mouth?”Odin did not want to admit that his son was right. Instead, he just peered at Loki with one narrowed blue eye.“You think you have what it takes, then?” Odin asked.Loki’s smile was one of a viper. “I am the only one who has what it takes.”“What makes you say so?”“Look around you. Are the pillars collapsing? The streets in havoc? The unruly roaming the city?” Loki paused and waited for a grunt from Odin. “It could be. I’m a mischief maker. If I wanted to, Asgard would be a land of chaos. I know when to stop. I know when to start. I know when to give. I know when to take.”“You seem to know a lot of things, Loki,” Odin muttered.“I also know that no one has wanted to be the God of Sex,” Loki said with a smile. “You have asked 746 people whether they want to be the God of Sex and none have said yes. I, oh great Odin Allfather, am agreeing take the mantle.”Odin sighed and stood from his throne. He fisted Gungnir and stepped down the dais towards Loki.“I don’t believe I ever had much of a choice in this matter,” Odin mumbled before lifting Gungnir and his free hand. He waved the staff and his hand over Loki, reciting ancient words in the old tongue. A gold light glittered and shone through the hall. It dusted over Loki, coating him until he, too, glowed gold. Then, with an explosion of light, Loki, God of Mischief and Sex, was born.And the previous Goddess of Sex was right, it was not an easy job. Slowly, as Loki grew into his new power, feelings of passion and desire rose again. And much to Odin’s surprise, Loki was genuinely good with his new title, balancing it perfectly with his duties of his original title. He was patient – not a trait one would consider when describing Loki – and he didn’t sprinkle aphrodisiacs across the realms. As time went on, Loki had become recognized as the new God of Sex. No one of the realms prayed to the old Goddess, meaning Loki was the one hearing the pleas of the sexually frustrated. Loki was used to hearing prayers for successful pranks and childish squabbles as his title of God of Mischief require, but the prayers for sex were overwhelming.He had entered his temple – the new one deigned in much more black than green – and listened to the sexual prayers raised to him every day. These people were mad, thirsty creatures and they tried to cater to him with sexual favors for him should their own endeavors succeed. Loki was not easily won over. He let the lovers love and the fools stay celibate. Occasionally, he’d allow some desperate being to fall into bed with their desired, but only if he deemed their intentions true. It 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
Tom Hiddleston/Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Smut
Fluff
Angst
Oral Sex
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Cunnilingus
Hand Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
Blow Jobs
First Time
Kissing
Body Worship
Loss of Virginity
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Prayer
Self-Esteem Issues
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Loki is the God of Sex
POV Second Person
no y/n
Fingerfucking
Finger Sucking
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
Dom/sub
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Master/Pet
Masturbation
Teasing
Grinding
Riding
Sexual Content
Sexual Tension
Hand & Finger Kink
Praise Kink
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Choking
Sex Toys
Mutual Masturbation
Chains
Collars
Shower Sex
Showers
Violence
Minor Violence
Floor Sex
Leashes
Aftercare
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Fluff and Smut
Massage
Blindfolds
Voice Kink
Bondage
Wall Sex
Clone Sex
Spanking
Morning Sex
Punishment
Morning Cuddles
Wake-Up Sex
Overstimulation
Forced Orgasm
Pain Kink
Sub Loki (Marvel)
But mostly Dom Loki
Breeding Kink
Throne Sex
Public Sex
Exhibitionism
Dancing
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M
Romance
Love
Falling In Love
Cock Warming
BDSM
Painplay
Flogging
Riding Crops
Temperature Play
Hair Braiding
Depression
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Alcohol
Gun Violence
Blood
Drama
Family Drama
Betrayal
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Altar Sex
Happy Ending
Pregnancy
Pregnancy Kink

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
Tom Hiddleston/Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

