Chapter 1: Coulson
    




Chapter Text

The fact that anyone thought Phillip J Coulson 

didn't 

know about an entire training camp for enhanced individuals was absolutely absurd. He knew it was there. What he 

didn't 

know was how to get in, and whether it was full of mutants or inhumans. Or both?

He wrote down "both?" on his chalkboard. So basically, he had nothing. But he knew it was there! He knew where it was, and he knew someone was using magic to conceal it. He wanted to recruit them. An entire group of fully trained adult enhanced individuals? That would certainly help his mish mosh team of scientists and spies. 

The tricky thing was, his team had been investigating for months and had gotten nowhere, only seeing a few kids disappear within a magical barrier. He knew of a group of people who had the means and ability to help, but they would not be happy to see him.

That was how he found himself and Agent May walking through the front doors of the beautifully renovated Stark Tower. Alarms immediately went off and Phil rolled his eyes. Stark probably had face recognition cameras pointed at every entrance to this fortress, and this was likely quite alarming. 

"We come in peace," Phil put on his non-threatening, placating smile and raised his hands above his head, nodding at May to join suit. Surrounded by security, Phil and May waited patiently as a fully-suited Iron Man flew over to them and walked through the security bubble.

When his faceplate rose up, an unimpressed eyebrow rose as well and Stark put his hands on his hips.

"Agent Agent, lovely to see you among the living," came his snarky reply. Then he pressed a button on his neck and spoke into his communication device. "Not an Avengers-level emergency, but assembly is still requested."

"En-route," came the fuzzy reply. Oh boy, Phil recognized that voice. He was in 

trouble

. 

Less than a minute later, the main elevator doors opened only to reveal (fully suited up) Captain America, the Winter Soldier, and the Falcon. Yup. He was done for. 

"Phil," May whispered next to him. "I think we should call for backup." 

"No," his reply was at full volume, leading her to roll her eyes. "They're not a threat to us. We come asking for help," he directed that at Stark as the three veterans reached them. Phil didn't 

want

 to overanalyze their posture and stance, but his mind couldn't help it. The Falcon (Sam Wilson; pararescue; threat level low) looked rather confused but leaned slightly to his right, likely ready to follow whatever the Captain did. The Winter Soldier (James Buchanan Barnes; rehabilitated Hydra agent; threat level unknown) looked gruff but calmer than the Falcon, likely also waiting on his leader to proceed. Captain America (Steve Rogers; lead Avenger; threat level ... Usually low... Possibly high considering the circumstances) looked unwaveringly blank and at ease. Looked like he was working on his poker face.

"Agent Coulson, how... Interesting to see you," Captain Rogers spoke slowly and deliberately. Likely containing his anger or confusion. Phil was working on what the underlying emotions were.

The Winter Soldier choked. "Coulson? You mean dead Coulson?" His eyebrows flew up into his hair. "Everybody's coming back from the dead these days, huh," he shook his head and rolled his eyes.

"An unpleasant experience, I assure you," Phil replied.

"You're about to have another unpleasant experience if you don't explain yourself," Starks voice came from his right and Phil flicked his eyes over, though he kept his attention on the three veterans to his left. Stark was volatile but the Captain likely had more skin in the game and was more likely to act out. 

"My team needs your help."

"And what makes you think we would help you? How long have you been alive? Where have you been? What team?" Stark questioned him.

"I'm sure we can discuss this in a more secure location," Phil replied. It was a sensitive topic after all.

"And why are you coming here for help after all this time?" The Captain spoke quietly, but his posture was strained, he was holding himself back.

"I assure you I can explain more when there aren't ears and eyes all around," Phil lowered his arms, May following suit, and raised his eyebrows at the men. The ball was in their court.

"Debrief room. Now."

_____________________________

"So you want our help finding a secret enhanced hideout. And you didn't think before now this was an Avengers level issue? What if they're a threat? You're describing a fully trained community of enhanced adults," the Captain was raising his voice, losing patience.

"Exactly that reason," May spoke up. "You would take them on as a threat without considering the other options."

"We don't know that they're not a threat, and we should treat them as a danger until we know more," the Captain responded, standing up. "If you want our help finding this secret society, you're going to have to deal with protocol. We find it, we take them in,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Percy Jackson/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Crossover
Hurt/Comfort
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Percy Jackson/Peter Parker

