Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Goodbye, Eddie.
Venom’s words echo in Eddie’s head even after he has managed to swim to shore between the flaming debris of the rocket. Even as he makes his way through the forest, ducking behind trees to avoid being seen by the approaching emergency teams, even though he knows they won’t spot him in the dark. The words echo in his head as he makes his way, cold and stumbling, back to the city.Anne finds him at the other end of the bridge, offers him a ride and her guest room for however long he needs. She tells him that his apartment is evacuated and roped off. He’d be better off not going back there where the police will question him anyway.Eddie sits numbly in the passenger seat of her car, and doesn’t say anything at first. He can still feel the sensation of the symbiote’s skin burning and boiling away from the heat of the explosion. The parachute Venom had made slowed Eddie’s fall enough for the water to not break his bones like hitting a wall, and had protected Eddie himself from the heat, but Eddie’s not sure if he feels like it matters. He can still feel the pain, and he knows that Venom is gone. It’s quiet and empty in his head.It’s not until Eddie realizes that Anne’s not driving anywhere that he looks over at her.“Something’s wrong,” she states, looking at him with a worried expression. “What happened?”“Venom’s dead,” he says flatly, almost not believing it even as he says it.Anne falls silent for a moment, then, quietly, says, “I’m sorry…”Eddie stares down at his feet until she finally starts the car and drives away, taking them farther and farther from the Life Foundation.He hadn’t had the symbiote all that long, all things considered, and up until the last time they merged barely even a couple hours ago, Eddie wouldn’t have called himself a big fan of the alien. He had been slowly killing Eddie, after all. But working together like they did, fighting for the same cause, to bring down Carlton Drake, to save the Earth, had created a sort of bond that Eddie wouldn’t have given up after that, had the symbiote not died.He had saved Eddie’s life. Twice. Literally brought him back from the dead, fully healed after being skewered by a massive blade, and then had sacrificed himself to save Eddie as the rocket exploded.Eddie sniffs loudly and wipes the back of his hand across his nose. Goodbye, Eddie, echoes in his mind again, and a shiver runs down his spine. It hasn’t really fully hit him yet, he thinks. He still feels a little numb, his nerves still thrumming from the fight and the explosion. But he’s sure it’ll sink in soon, and the real grief will hit him.Eddie doesn’t have it in him to answer Dan’s myriad of worried questions when they get to Anne’s place and she leads him carefully upstairs. He quietly takes the clean clothes Anne offers him, and lets her guide him to the guest room where he collapses in exhaustion and soon falls asleep. ***** It’s a couple days later that Eddie finally decides it’s probably safe to return to his own apartment. Being near Anne again has had a certain comforting effect on him, but it also hurts. It hurts that she’s not with him, and it hurts to be back in his old home, only as a guest this time.It has helped, though, taking some time to recoup after the events of that night. He thinks it’ll help more to be back in his own place.It turns out, it was a mistake.His first night back in his own bed, he awakes to a quiet sound in his apartment, and tries to sit up quickly. A hand goes over his mouth, forcing his body back down, and Eddie makes a fearful noise beneath it. He struggles, but more hands come to pin him down. He can’t see their faces well in the dark. A needle stabs into his thigh, and he cries out and fights harder, but it’s not long before his muscles weaken, and then everything goes dark.When he wakes up, there’s a blinding light in his face, and he immediately scrunches his eyes shut. It’s cold, and as he tries to move, he realizes he’s restrained. His arms, ankles, chest and hips are strapped down to the flat platform he’s on.Footsteps sound to his left, and he twists his head and squints against the light.“You’ve made things very, very hard for me, Mr. Brock.”“The fuck are you?” Eddie slurs weakly.“Theo to my friends, but you’ll be calling me Mr. Drake.”Eddie’s only able to make a questioning noise, his head still spinning.“You might remember the name,” he continues. “You did murder my brother after all.”Eddie groans quietly. If it’s not one thing, it’s another. For a moment he hopes this guy isn’t as twisted as his brother, but considering Eddie is presently strapped to a table and he’s pretty sure he’s wearing nothing but his boxer briefs, the odds of that being the case are looking pretty slim.“What do you want with me?” Eddie still can’t see well, but he tries to make out the face of the man standing beside him.“You managed to put a pretty big dent i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Original Male Character(s)
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Rape
Porn
Canon Compliant
at first
Alternate Ending
The Life Foundation Survived
Kidnapping
Captivity
Medical Torture
Needles
Blades
Blood and Injury
Whump
Sexual Slavery
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Painful Sex
Crying
Dirty Talk
Spit As Lube
Gang Rape
Pet Names
Discipline
Eddie/OMCs is non-con
Eddie/Venom is developing relationship
Beating
hole spanking
Obedience
Oral Sex
Bondage
Gags
Forced Prostitution
sex dungeon
Dildos
Fucking Machines
Nipple Piercings
Deepthroating
Rimming
Suicidal Thoughts
Figging
Anal Hook
Double Penetration
And now what you've all been waiting for:
Head Eating
Dismemberment
Blood and Gore
Character Death
Hurt/Comfort
Rape Recovery
Venom is a big softie with Eddie
supportive Venom
supportive friends
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Healing

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Original Male Character(s)
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

