Work Text:
Peter stumbles into the kitchen at a time much too early to be awake. Nightmares kept him up nearly all night and Mr. Stark is on a business trip so he couldn’t go to him for reassurance. Now, he’s exhausted and grumpy and extremely hungry. So that’s his excuse for not noticing his senses screaming at him that there were people sitting around the kitchen counter. His kitchen counter. In the building that he lives in with Mr. Stark and Rhodey. “Who the hell are you?” Wanda Maximoff demands. Huh. Interesting. Peter continues towards the coffee maker, starting a pot and staring at it longingly as it begins to brew. He really needs to get out the ingredients for breakfast, if he doesn’t eat Mr. Stark will not be pleased. Maybe he’ll have some waffles with a side of bacon. But first, coffee. Except, he obviously can’t get any peace around here because a large hand encloses his arm in a tight grip and turns him to face the kitchen counter once more. And, in doing so, away from his precious coffee, the only thing that could soothe his soul at this time. This morning kept getting worse. “Dude what do you want?” Peter asks, more than a little put out. “Son.” He knows that voice, has heard it various times at school from a TV so the teachers wouldn’t actually have to explain anything to them. Peter bursts out laughing—what he’s sleep deprived—and says in a drawling, disappointed tone, “So you got a detention.” He gets the immense pleasure of watching the good ol captain’s face turn redder than the Iron Man armor. Yet Rogers soldiers on, “We asked you a question, son.”Instantly, Peter sobers up. “Don’t call me son,” he responds. “You’re still ignoring the question,” Barton pipes up. “Who are you?” “I don’t think that’s any of your business, Barton,” Peter says coolly and turns back to the coffee maker to pour some into a mug. That really ticks them off. “Like hell it isn’t our business,” Barton continues. Maximoff picks up for him, “Yeah, this is our home.” Peter really wants to whirl around at that, but he forces himself to face them calmly. He brings the mug to his lips, casually taking a sip—thank baby Jesus he was gonna explode without it—before deigning to speak. “No, it’s not. This is Mr. Stark’s home. You all are simply an ungrateful leech infestation I’d thought he’d gotten rid of.” He raises an eyebrow. “No matter, I’ll deal with it. Though, Miss Potts and Colonel Rhodes are going to be extremely disappointed to hear they weren’t here for this.” “Kid,” Peter lets that one slide for now (he kinda wants to hear where this is going). “You don’t understand what’s going on. Tony only told you his side of the story, and he probably lied to make himself look better.” Humming, Peter tilts his head and pretends to think about it. “One, don’t ever refer to me as ‘kid’ or ‘son’ or any other nickname. Two, I can comprehend everything that happened with the Accords better than you did, Captain Illiterate. And three, Mr. Stark, which is what you’ll refer to him as, never once tried to sway me to his side.”   Rogers takes on this annoyingly confused face, “Then why are you defending him?” Peter shrugs, “He’s a good person.” Nearly every Rogue laughs, bar Wilson and Barnes. Interesting. He’ll look deeper into that later, for now he goes back to sipping his coffee, seemingly unbothered. Inside he was seething, how dare these asshats show up at his dad’s house and accuse him of being a bad person. More than anything he desperately wants to break Rogers’ jaw right now. He restrains himself by attempting to start breakfast. After all, Mr. Stark would still be mad if he missed a meal, even if the reason was defending his honor. Especially if that was the reason. “Well, why do you seem to hate all of us then?” Rogers questions Forgoing his mission to find the recipe for waffle batter, Peter looks Rogers right in the eyes. “Siberia,” he deadpans. Out of the corner of his eye, Peter sees Barnes flinch and look down guiltily. Even more surprising, is that Wilson reaches a hand under the table, presumably to give Barnes’ leg a reassuring squeeze. In contrast, Rogers’ face doesn’t change. Not even a wince in regards to what he’d done to his former teammate, his so-called family. Pathetic, Peter thinks, utterly pathetic. Reaching out, Rogers tries to place a hand on Peter’s shoulder and he can’t help but flinch away. Those hands had hurt Mr. Stark, had hurt his dad. Nearly killed him, quite frankly. So forgive him for being uneasy around this man. The audacity he has, to try to touch Peter when he so clearly despises him. Rogers doesn’t seem to notice, or if he does he doesn’t care. His hand still comes to rest on Peter’s arm, fingers tightening their hold nearly imperceptibly. “Listen, you don’t understand. Tony attacked us first, he wanted to kill Bucky.” Peter didn’t miss the way the ex-assassin seemed to wince at the name. He’d have to ask about that later. Under his breath, Barnes says “Rightly so,” but Peter picks it up 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
not beta read we die like men
Gay Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark mentioned
Harley Keener/Peter Parker mentioned
implied Sam Wilson/James “Bucky” Barnes
Homophobic Steve Rogers
Homophobic Language
F slur used like 3 times i think
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
BAMF Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Sleepy Cuddles
Platonic Cuddling
yes i’m still bitter
Soft Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

