Chapter 1: Aw Fuck!
    




Chapter Text
Disclaimer: I do not own Spiderman or Deadpool. They belong to people with a lot more money me.
 
Aw Fuck!
Peter Parker had been born an Omega. It was just a twist of fate, something he had always although begrudgingly accepted. He got teased in elementary school, bullied in high school. His Aunt May and Uncle Ben, while they were a pair of Betas, they had always treated Peter with love and respect and like he was their own and not one destined to end up with some asshole of a Alpha. For this, Peter had always, always been thankful because it allowed him to focus on school and his passion for science and not on the typical topics most Omega’s grew up thinking about: Will I find a nice Alpha? When will my slick happen? I hope I’m in a safe place when my first Heat takes place. And so on and son on since the first Omegas were born from a freak mutation because of a low birth population and Alpha’s were created in response to handle these unique creatures.
That didn’t mean Peter hadn’t lived life completely immune to being an Omega. When he had his first heat at the age for fourteen, Aunt May and Uncle Ben had bought Peter suppressants to stop his heats and as long as Peter took his pill every morning, he didn’t have a single Heat or have a herd of Alphas come chasing after him, trying to claim him. However, all this started to change when he was bitten by a genetically mutated spider and discovered some pretty amazing and downright terrifying powers that went along with it. Such as spider webbing coming from his wrists that he could shoot out and fly through the city along with speed, agility and shift his body in ways he never thought possible, and increased strength. But more surprising was his Spidey sense. It was an extra sense that warned him of eminent danger but it also had another interesting side-effect: It warned him of nearby Alphas.
 Peter wouldn’t lie, he could sense an Alpha nearby as could all other Omega’s but with his Spidey-senses, he could sense them a mile away and it was really unnerving. Especially when the Supervillains decided that New York was the perfect place to set up their Supervillain show of horrors. When Peter designed his Spiderman costume, he figured out pretty quickly that most Supervillians laughed at him, thinking he was only a Beta in disguise so he came up with the solution of soaking his costume in synthetic Alpha scent. The first time he had done that, the villains had turned their heads and treated him like a real threat and not just some annoying spider. Granted this led to some impressive fights, body injuries, and some awkward conversations with his Aunt and Uncle about why he smelled like an Alpha, Peter was able to brush them off saying that he was playing with the synthetic hormone in order to make him feel safer walking through the city.
They believed him and Peter was going to school during the day, fighting villains at night, taking his suppressants and had finally found a nice girlfriend.
And then Deadpool showed up.
Peter wasn’t sure when or how, but when Deadpool arrived in the city, Peter’s Spidey-senses went into complete alarm that left him unable to sleep for days, resulting in him being grumpy, late for class, and throwing a police cruiser at Doc Ock before spinning a web so large he connected both sides of the Brooklyn Bridge with Doc Ock hanging tied in the middle like a giant offering. Later, when Peter thought about it, it was more like a warning to Deadpool to keep the hell out of his city and the hell away from him. It worked, to a degree. Most of the Supervillains actually stayed quiet for three weeks after this incident but obviously Deadpool lacked the foresight, intelligence, or whatever Deadpool was lacking mentally when he trapped Spiderman in an alleyway next to a pair of abandoned buildings.
“So you’re the web-swinger, huh?” Deadpool asked, hands on his hips.
Spiderman’s senses were going haywire so bad he thought he would fall over. It was making him physically sick to be near him.
“Why don’t you leave before you can, or I’ll tie you up in my web.” Spiderman threatened.
Deadpool seemed to consider his threat before shaking his head.
“Sorry Spidey, but there’s a bounty out on you, a big bounty that dragged me across at least three dimensions to come check you out. Have to admit, I am a little disappointed. I thought you might be like the big bad bat back in Gotham, or that mutant dude with his iron obsession, but nope. You’re just some skinny guy.” Deadpool said, shaking his head.
Spiderman gritted his teeth and shot off two strands of webbing, catching Deadpool off guard. He grunted, falling to the ground as Spiderman webbed his hands, his ankles, and hogtied him with his spider silk.
“Now you listen to me.” Spiderman snarled, his mind spinning. “You stay the fuck out of my city or I will drop you into the Hudson with so many weights they’ll never find you.”
Deadpool wiggled onto his side.
“You k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Thor/Loki

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha!Wade
omega!Peter
Male/Male
man smut
lots of smut
I'm trying
Alternate Universe
I'm still working on tags
it's going slowly
Posting from my tumblr page
NC-17
Fisting
Masturbation
Restraints
Exhibitionism
Train Sex
Cock Rings
Forced Heat
Mpreg
orgasam delay
Foursome
Foursome - M/M/M/M
Sex Toys
make a dick
my poor soul
Shower Sex
Dirty Talk
Alpha!Bucky
Omega!Steve
Character Death
Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Thor/Loki

