Chapter 1: you break me down, you build me up
    




Chapter Text
It’s a very normal morning on a very normal Thursday when Steve Rogers pops into existence on Bucky’s patio.
With the kind of things he’s seen and the life he leads, this wouldn’t usually be cause for concern. Steve gets up to all kinds of shit with the Pym particles these days. Something about time travel having inter-dimensional consequences. And since Steve exchanged Grant for Responsibility sometime between lying on army enlistment forms and crashing a plane into the Arctic, he’s running around under the careful watch of Hank Pym and Stephen Strange, doing things Bucky takes care not to ask about.
But the Steve Rogers that pops into existence on Bucky’s patio is not the right Steve Rogers.
He’s dressed all in black, for one thing.
He’s got a metal arm, for another.
 
-
 
A right metal arm.
“It’s like we’re mirrors,” alt-Steve says, peering curiously at Bucky’s Wakandan-made left arm. Alt-Steve’s arm is also clearly vibranium, not the titanium-adamantium model the Russians put on the Winter Soldier(s). But the design is different; the black’s a deeper, more matte shade than Bucky’s, and the veins threading through it are silver, not gold.
“I have a feeling we are,” Bucky says, redialing his Steve – and it’s embarrassing, how thinking of this world’s Steve as his makes something warm bubble up in his chest, even though he knows full damn well it doesn’t mean what he wants it to mean – without looking away from alt-Steve.
Alt-Steve isn’t looking away from Bucky either. Quite the opposite. He’s staring intently, with a look in his eyes that makes Bucky want to squirm. It’s not hostile, far from it, just very intense. But Bucky’s helpless to look away, meeting jewel-blue eyes like a man bewitched.
In his ear, the phone rings and rings, but there’s no answer.
“You’re taking this very calmly,” Bucky says carefully, putting the phone down. He’s left six missed calls and an all-caps message, but there’s been no response so either Steve’s working or–
Bucky doesn’t think about the or. Steve will get back to him when he checks his phone. He always does.
Alt-Steve shrugs and finally blinks. Bucky lets out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding.
“I’ve been in this situation before. Well, not quite,” he amends. “But close enough.”
“Oh?”
Alt-Steve nods noncommittally. There’s something very sharp about him – his eyes, the way he holds himself, the quiet consideration put into every word and gesture. It’s starkly different from the Steve in this world – oh, fuck it, no one’s judging his thoughts except his damn own self and Bucky can handle his own bullshit.
It’s different from Bucky’s Steve who walks and breathes like a soldier, not a predator. It’s different from Bucky himself too, though he can’t yet pinpoint exactly how.
“You’re being very calm yourself,” alt-Steve says after a pause, and it’s not a question, but it’s still expectant.
Bucky lets out another slow breath.
“I usually am,” is all he says.
Alt-Steve blinks again, and Bucky gets the feeling that he’s passed some sort of test.




“This happened in my world,” alt-Steve says, leaning back into his armchair with the same forced casualness with which he strode across the patio and dropped into a chair while Bucky stood there open-mouthed and stunned. “We freaked out a lot in the beginning. Me and Bucky, I mean. My Bucky.”
Oh, Bucky envies it, the ease with which he says My Bucky, voice fond and a little possessive, the way Bucky gets when he thinks of Steve in his head.
“Another Steve showed up?” Bucky asks. And then, because he can’t help it, “If you were the Winter Soldier, then your Bucky – he’s, is he…?”
“I fell from the train,” alt-Steve says simply, no emotion evident in the words. “Bucky crashed the Valkyrie. When he woke up, they gave him the shield and told him to be the new Captain America.”
Bucky shudders, and he can’t help the reaction but doesn’t want to either. Alt-Steve gives him a knowing look.
“Bucky had that same expression when he told me the story. He didn’t agree until the aliens came, and then, it wasn’t much of a choice. And to answer your other question, no, it wasn’t another Steve that showed up in our world. It was you.”
“Me? As in, specifically me?”
“No.” Alt-Steve’s got a killer smile. His face is a little sharper than Bucky’s Steve. His eyes are more sunken, cheeks hollower. It does obscene things to his cheekbones, which gleam like they can cut a man when he smiles. “He was from the 40s. It was after Kreischberg though, so he wasn’t shocked that I looked the way I did or that me and Buck were both kicking around in 2030. Well, maybe a bit shocked about that last bit and the stories that went with it. I have a feeling neither of us fell from the train in his world, once he went back.”
There’s so much information to digest in all that. Bucky just sits there staring like a dumbass for a while, brain working a mile a minute.
“2030?” he asks in the end because that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Dimension Travel
Comic Book Science
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Minor Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers
Selfcest
Steve Rogers as the Winter Soldier
Commander Rogers
Captain America Steve Rogers
All the Steve Rogerses
Prayer Circle for Bucky's Asshole
Double Penetration
Dominance and Submission
Voyeurism
Rimming

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

