Chapter 1: i.
    




Chapter Text
Toni sees the Chitauri mothership high above her, sees the hundreds and thousands of warships that circle the Earth, and she knows, she knows.She thinks, oh, I understand. A beat.Her hand burns.
Wow, we are so fucked.
She lets the bomb slide out of her hands, watches as it floats towards the mothership, and fire rains down on her, even in the dark, pale, cold hollow of space.She laughs, breathlessly, thinks of all the ones who’d loved her the most, and dies.There are hands in her chest, wet hands, big hands, streaked with blood and her insides, and she sobs, hating herself for it, remembering Afghanistan, that fucking cave and she’s supposed to be fucking better, fucking stronger.For one long, terrible second, it all stops, and she’s greedy enough to lean into the relief, stupid enough to reach for it, because it’s just for a second, and she opens her eyes and a woman is standing at her hip.She sees all of them in that instant: Maria and Ana and Peggy and Pepper and Sharon; all their faces and their eyes and their hands and their mouths and the things they say to her (Ahalya, Antonia, Toni, Tinkertoni, lelkem, FIGHT).And then, she sees her.She has dark hair and dark skin and dark eyes and hands like corpses, rotted and peeling until she can see the pale sinew underneath.She touches her.Toni cringes away.But she grips her throat like she would crush the life out of her in a moment.She leans in.“Earn your names, Antonia,” she demands.She kisses her hard on the mouth and Toni tastes her death.And then she’s screaming like an animal in a trap, all ugly and loud, when someone fists her red, bleeding, beating heart in their big hands.And then she lapses into unconsciousness.When she stirs, her eyes are raw, rimed with salt, and she can hear the steady functioning of her heart and lungs in her ears, a shrill mechanical edge to every heartbeat, every desperate pump of her lungs.
What the fuck.
She lifts her hand to her face.Five fingers, knuckles, tendons and a thin, bony wrist.She turns it over.The pads of her fingers, calloused, lines etched into her palm, the shadow of blue veins under her brown skin, and a pulse that thuds painfully.She fists her hands in her hair, long and thick and brown.Two eyes.She winces she pokes them, but it was necessary.Brown, she thinks. They’re brown, almost black, her eyes. She’ll have to check when she gets her hands on a mirror.The arch of a fine nose.Not her original one, she remembers, and Howard’s firm, unyielding face blooms in her eyes.
“This will be good for you, Antonia. It’ll help. You’re not doing anything a thousand other Jewish girls haven’t done before.”
A familiar rage curdles in her belly.A full, pink mouth and a thin jaw. Ears, a long, lean neck and shoulders and elbows.When she tries to grope her tits, her fingers hit metal instead.She stamps down the flutter of panic.
There were go.
There’s always something.She jackknifes to her waist, and she clutches at her skull, which pounds – God, she might even vomit; she might have already, she can taste the bile, rancid, in her mouth.The room spins, but she can see it’s dark and cold, with just a hint of gaslight, but her eyes tilt downward until they settle on her chest. There’s plating over it, from under her arms stretching down to the edge of her ribcage, the stain of it the colour of blackberries with thin silver lines running through it, like circuitry.She’s completely naked on the cot, which is lucky, if not concerning, because she can see her stomach is bare and brown and fleshy, when she pokes it. She wiggles her toes to be sure and sighs, because it’s just her chest – she’s around 88% sure that it’s just her chest.She’s most certainly not panicking.Her lungs are most certainly in her throat.No, she is most certainly not panicking.But in good news, she’s breathing better than she has since she was fourteen and discovered Polish vodka and cigarettes.She slips of the cot onto shaky feet, fingers gripping the edge, and closes her eyes, the world still spinning somewhat.Her ears ring.She presses a hand to her aching sternum and cringes immediately, the metal where there should have been skin only making her skin crawl.The door to her glamourised cell swings open, and a large thing (thing is the only word that comes to mind, even if it isn’t the most PC of terms) storms inside, as alien as the Chitauri had been to her, but with humanoid features: red eyes like blood, a sharp noise and pale, thin mouth, with skin the colour of a vicious bruise.His eyes flicker with surprise when he catches her on her feet, but nothing more, nothing heated, nothing hungry.“You’re awake,” he rumbles.She lifts a brow. “Apparently so,” she says, dryly, motioning to her shaky legs.He gives her an imperious look. “You are summoned.”“Am I?” she says, pertly, dragging a foot against the cold, hard stone that covers the floor (fear blossoms, but she stamps it down – I am strong, Jarvis always said I was strong)
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Unrequited Tony Stark/Thanos
Gamora & Tony Stark
Nebula & Tony Stark
Gamora & Nebula (Marvel)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony is Kidnapped by Thanos
Canon Divergence - Avengers (2012)
Tony is the Soul Stone
Female Tony Stark
Obsessive Behavior
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Possessive Behavior
Emotional Manipulation
Stockholm Syndrome
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
Domestic Violence
Forced Relationship
Gaslighting
Indian Tony Stark
Hindu Tony Stark
Rape

fandom: 
Unrequited Tony Stark/Thanos
Gamora & Tony Stark
Nebula & Tony Stark
Gamora & Nebula (Marvel)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

