Chapter 1: Home Sweet Compound
    




Chapter Text

“In other news, no word from Stark Industries on when Toni Stark will be available for a statement. It has been almost two weeks since the infamous press conference and the Accords Council has simply stated that they will make an announcement when they have all their facts and such in order. Until then be advised, arrest warrants for the Winter Soldier and former Avengers, sans Iron Woman, War Machine and Vision are still out with the instructions not to approach. But some can’t help wonder if that is the right call-”
“FRI, turn this off.” A certain genius commanded as she walked slowly through the entry way of the common room. Everyone besides Rhodey who had been resting on the short couch jumped up from their various places.“Evie!” Mrs. Rhodes chastised as she and her husband ran to support her to the nearest couch which Izzy and Harley cleared. “What are you doing up?! We told you to let us know when you were awake!”“Sorry, Mama R. I just thought-” Evie hissed as she was lowered onto the pillows that Pepper piled on for her, “I could make it on my own.”“You foolish girl, what I ever did to be cursed with another stubborn daughter, I’ll never know.” The older woman teased tapping her nose.“Can’t blame me for your son bringing me home.” She shrugged.“She’s right let’s blame him. It’s easier.” Mr. Rhodes agree with a chuckle.“Hey! I thought I was your favorite.” Rhodey protested pretending to glare at them. Evie laughed before groaning.“Oh, stop it hurts to laugh.”“You heard her, second favorite child.” Harley joked as he spread a blanket on her and Izzy handed over her tablet.“Oh, great everyone is against me even the minion. I quit!” Rhodey declared crossing his arms.“Permission denied.” Maria countered causing everyone to burst into laughter.“Get used to it, Colonel. Your stuck with us.” Daniel ordered causing Rhodey to mock salute.“Yes, sir!” Evie shook her head as Izzy and Harley flicked through the channels and found a movie playing causing everyone to settle down as Mrs. Rhodes moved to finish making her specialty soup for her proclaimed babies.It had been almost two weeks since she had awoken from her coma and three days since she and Rhodey had returned to the US, unfortunately to the Compound for the next few days until Rhodey could get around. The doctors had been reluctant to release them both, her more so than Rhodey. But Helen had fought them and won.Pepper was managing alerts on her own tablet and looked up at her friend.“Evie, Danny Rand wanted to meet with us about the Accords and he also put in another request saying he wants to reassure himself that you are alright in person.” Pepper informed her as she sorted through her emails. As she took her bowl of soup from her pseudo mother figure, the brunette mulled over it.“I can meet him, if you don’t want to.” Rhodey offered immediately not wanting to stress his friend out. They all knew the importance of keeping her calm in the few coming weeks.Evie knew that Danny wasn’t the first person she wanted to see, but he had been one of her closest friends since childhood and keeping him in the dark seemed cruel and callous. She wasn’t stupid (hello, certified genius), she knew he had joined up with other enhanced. Yes, she kept an eye on him (sue her), in case he needed backup, but he never did.Besides, she knew Danny would have her back. They always did when they were children before life got in their way. And it was high time they got back to that, and hopefully became even closer.“No, I need to do it. See if he’s amendable to come to the Compound the day after tomorrow, if not two days later when we are back in the city.” Pepper nodded and forwarded the message. “Oh and let him know if he wants to bring a few friends, I’m amendable to that as long as they are cool with FRI monitoring.”“Me as well.” Pepper added sternly.Evie smiled slightly everyone insisted on making sure she was in good company unless she was in the privacy of her own room. Most of the time it was Pep, Maria or Moira. Christine and surprisingly Hope would arrive once they returned to the city. Rhodey still won’t admit to what was said between him and Hope so she’d press for details on that later. She returned to absentmindedly tapping away on her tablet designing a solution for Rhodey’s legs.“Evie! Rhodey!” Mrs. Rhodes chastised standing in front of the television brandishing a wooden spoon with her hands on her hips. “If I have to come in here to tell you two one more time to eat your soup, I’ll spoon feed it to you both myself! Don’t test me!” Both heroes ducked their heads.“Sorry, Momma.” Both piped before eating the food. Once she was satisfied, she nodded and walked back into the kitchen area. Mr. Rhodes shook his head at the two.“Don’t think she won’t do it.” Evie giggled slightly before hearing her phone ring. She dug it out of the mass of blankets and went wide eyed at the number.“Vis?” The synthetic humanoid rushed o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Toni Stark/Original Male Character
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Sokovia Accords
Pro-Sokovia Accords
actions have consequences
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Team Not As Family
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Press and Tabloids
Female Tony Stark

fandom: 
Toni Stark/Original Male Character
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision

