Chapter 1: Poof!
    




Chapter Text
Wade Wilson looked down at the butterfly cupped gently in his best friends (and secret crush’s) hands, watching with the sort of wonder that only an eight year old boy can do. He blinked as the butterfly slowly clapped its wings together then quickly took off, flinching as it fluttered crazily around, almost hitting him in the face before it made its way higher and higher above their heads before the wind carried it away. He grinned as he turned to his friends. “Wow! That was so cool Petey! You’re right, they’re really pretty when you’re not squishing em!”
Peter Parker smiled back at him, a triumphant grin on his six year old face. “See? Toldja so!” He sat back on the grass, leaning back on his arms as he looked up at the clear blue sky above them. “I hope it gets home ok…or at least finds a safe place to stay”.
“Uhhh yeah” Wade replied back as his gaze turned back to Peter, blushing as Peter cutely pushed his glasses back up the bridge of his nose with a finger. He flumped forward to lay belly down on the grass, pulling at it disinterestedly as he waited for the blush to fade, wondering if Peter had noticed. At least the voices were staying quiet. For now at least.
He kicked his legs languidly then leant up slightly, resting his head in his hands with his elbows on the grass. “So what ya wanna do now?”
Peter shrugged and looked down at him. “I dunno. Aunt May said she would pick me up when then big hand gets to the twelve again” He held out his arm, pushing up the sleeve of his long brown jumper to show Wade his Captain America watch, who looked at it with raised eyebrows, whistling in admiration.
“Wow sweet! Did Captain America give it to you?”
“No, Auntie May got it for me to help with my time telling, but I still can’t do it good, so Captain America’s helping me”. Peter smiled at Wade as he spoke, no trace of smugness or superiority in his voice, which made Wade love him all the more. 
Ever since they had met that fateful day in the park, Wade had held nothing but affection and admiration for Peter. Being his usual clumsy self, Wade had fallen and gotten hurt whilst playing on some big rocks, losing his hat slash makeshift mask in the process. After a desperate few minutes of trying to find it, a small boy had approached him, handing him his hat and staunching his wound with a band aid, despite the fact that it was already well on its way to healing due to his healing factor. Wade could do nothing but stare after him in wonder as the kid had smiled and waved goodbye, disappearing with some blond haired nurse lady. 
After begging (and some bargaining) with his guardian Logan, Wade had returned to the park everyday hereafter, hoping to catch another glimpse of the little brown haired boy who’d selflessly helped him. After some (unsuccessful) attempts at trying to garner the boy’s attention, Wade had been on the verge of giving up when the boy had approached him instead, introducing himself as Peter and forever stamping himself on Wade’s heart. The two were now inseparable and played almost every day. 
“So what time is it now?” Wade asked, scurrying up to sit beside his friend, leaning in to look at the watch, despite the fact he wasn’t very good at telling them time either. No reason for Peter to know.
Peter squinted as he looked at the watch. “It…its…five minutes to…we have another five minutes left!” he replied, looking up with a proud grin as he let his sleeve cover his watch up again. Wade grinned and ruffled Peter’s hair. “Wow, well done Pete! You’re really smart!”
Peter blushed and fiddled with the cuffs of his jumper, muttering a ‘thank you’ as Wade flinched and quickly removed his hand from Peter’s head, blushing also as he scooched away from Peter. But not too far.
[Silly boy, you’re going to scare him away if you keep this up. Then you’ll grow up with no friends at all]
{Like Logan}
Wade shuddered and turned back to Peter, who was now inspecting a loose thread on his jumper. “Well ahh…I should go anyway….I gotta walk back to the house. Besides, I think your Auntie’s here to pick you up already” Wade said, nodding over to the park entrance. Peter looked over as Wade stood, recognizing his Aunt’s silver car and stood, brushing dried grass and other dirt from his pants as best as he could. Even when they played inside, Peter always managed to become covered with dirt whenever he played with Wade. Which, coincidentally, seemed to be all the time at the moment. “Yeah that’s her. I’ll see you tomorrow Wade!” he said, moving to leave when Wade coughed, making him look back. “What?”
Wade blushed madly, looking everywhere but Peter as he scuffed his foot, clearly embarrassed as he held out his arms towards Peter, who blinked at him curiously before a smile lit up his face in recognition. He ran to Wade and wrapped his arms around his neck, burying his little face into Wade’s neck as Wade slowly wrapped his arms around Peter’s waist, squeezing him tightly. 
After a fe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Superfamily (Marvel)
Young Peter Parker
Young Love
Kid Fic
Portals
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

