Work Text:
Steve breath skitters when he catches sight of Bucky. It feels like the beginning of an asthma attack for a second, that sinking, shrinking feeling in his chest, but then he inhales and it expands, spreads out and turns warm and then hot, takes his breath in an entirely different way than mere shock.What the fuck was Bucky thinking, though, wearing that? He looks like he's out cruising and while Steve is pretty sure he has no right to mind that, the thought still turns in him like needles, bristling. But even that doesn't distract him from sheer... awe. Because hot damn. Just... hot damn. That shirt he's wearing is just one shade away from being see-through, and how tight are those pants? He looks... Steve can't take his eyes off him for one second, that's how he looks.And that's before Steve registers the glint of metal under the shirt. Oh, there is the arm, of course, shining under the streetlamp as Bucky strides past, all confident swagger. But this is a necklace? is Steve's first thought, but no, even as he thinks that he already knows what it is. The metal chain dangling from Bucky's neck, the metal resting at exactly the right spot on Bucky's chest, probably warmed from his body, is as familiar to Steve as nothing else is.Two weeks ago there had been a break in at the Smithonian. Nothing had been taken except a notebook full of sketches and notes from Steve, and his dogtags.Steve has just found the dogtags.Heat explodes up in him at the realization – that Bucky took them like he has the right (he does), but more than that, that he's now wearing them. He's claiming Steve and at the same time marking himself as his, and fuck, all Steve wants to do is bite him for it. Suck a mark into his neck right where the metal chain rests so he'll always feel it until the mark fades. Use the chain to pull Bucky close, keep him right where Steve wants him.What else is this, but a bold statement? Combined with that shirt, see-through, a goddamn tease too because not enough so to clearly see his nipples, just the outline, and fuck if that doesn't make Steve's heart beat double-time in his chest. God, but he wants to throw Bucky to the floor and just have him, ravish him, again and again. Put truth to the statement of Bucky wearing Steve's tags, stolen and unasked, without permission.They've never done this. In hindsight Steve is, has been, acutely aware of just how close they were to it; all it would've taken would have been a tiny nudge. He's spent nights lying awake trying to remember every time he had the opportunity but take use it – when his hand was on Bucky's back, lingering, and all he needed was slide it a little lower, keep it there a little longer. When Bucky turned to him and all Steve would've needed to do was glance at his lips. They'd always been on the precipice, half-aware of it and half terrified, because once they stepped past that invisible line there would be no way back. They wouldn't be able to return, to pretend they still were the people they'd been before they took that step, to pretend they still could live like they were normal. If they had done something about it, they would've had to do something about it.In hindsight, it seems easy to say that he should've done it anyway. Should've risked it for the reward was better than any hardship. But he knows now and had known then, in that half-aware way he'd been, never consciously thinking about it (for if he had done that he would've had to do something about it), that it had the potential to tear them apart. A coward, Steve is not, except when he is.But now here Bucky is, pretty as you please, an invitation, a statement and a question mark.He didn't come to Steve's door. He didn't call him or write to him or contact him in any direct way. Instead, he walks the street at night, amidst a group of people that it appears like he even belongs to, wearing that shirt and Steve's tags. In the middle of Brooklyn, two blocks from where Steve lives now. Just how often has he worn this get-up already, waiting to encounter Steve? Walking the streets of New York at night.The thought has possessiveness well up in Steve to a degree that would have surprised him just half an hour ago, but half an hour ago he hadn't seen Bucky yet, hadn't known that it was really Bucky, hadn't seen this bold statement. Half an hour ago he had been wandering the streets because he couldn't sleep even though he'd felt exhausted.He's not exhausted now. Quite the opposite; he feels wide awake, blood pumping in his veins and perfectly alert. Another Chitauri army could attack now and he'd fight it off – another Chitauri army could attack now, and he'd not allow it to distract him from Bucky.Bucky, who is on the other side of the street, and he and his group of people are coming towards Steve, so Steve crosses the street and puts himself in their path, leans against the wall close by but not exactly under a street lamp. The people come closer, in their mid-twenties and seemi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Reunion Sex
Dog Tags
Possessive Behavior
Marking
Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

