Chapter 1



Notes:
I need to thank kingstoken for making me this wonderful banner for my story.




Chapter Text



Tim Drake stared at the Wayne Manor, the place that he once he had hoped and thought that he had found a place that he could call home only to have it stripped away from him. It hurt to see Damian in the Robin outfit, to know that Dick had taken it away from him.
The omega let out a small whine, one that he tried to silence he had thought that he had finally found a pack and his alpha but he was wrong.
It burned deep within him that Dick hadn't trusted him enough, that he hadn't believed in him when he told him that Bruce was alive.
Dick the one person that Tim trusted and loved above everyone, the one that Tim had been so certain would always have his back had instead hurt him the worst.
The moment Tim saw Damian in the Robin suit a cracked had formed between him and the others, one that only grew at each cruel word from Damian reminding him that he wasn't really family along with every reminder from Jason that he was only a replacement, the throw-away son and brother and as try as hard as Tim refused to let those words get to him it looked like they had been right all along.
"I am the unwanted son." Tim whispered his voice tapering off into a choked sob, "Just the replacement, a filler." Tim didn't want to believe that it was true but he was a detective, he was... no, he had been Robin and partner to Batman he knew how to look at the evidence and everything he believed looked to be a lie and that Damien and Jason had been right this whole time.
He knew that this wasn't his place anymore and as much as it hurt it was time to move on and put Timothy Drake-Wayne behind him.
But it was hard, harder than Tim ever thought it would be to turn away from the manor he had called home for so long to say goodbye to the pack that he had thought he had belonged to.
"Goodbye," Tim whispered under his breath as he forced himself to move. It was time to move on no matter how hard it was and start anew.
Every step that Tim forced himself to take felt like he was walking barefoot on a bed of thrones, he knew that if he still had Kon and Bart to turn to, to cling to that he might have not been so destroyed over losing the Robin suit, his place in the family and Dick but he didn't and their losses only added to his pain and agony.
Tim pushed himself to move even as his mind replayed everything over and over again. If Dick had asked him he would have given up the Robin suit even though it would have pained him to do so.
"Why can't I ever be enough?" Tim didn't understand why no one wanted him to stay. His parents rather travel than spend time with him, he never knew love and affection. They didn't want him, that much was clear and it only became clear when he presented as an omega instead of an alpha like his mother wanted and his dad hoped for. Janet Drake wanted an alpha heir to groom to take over and be the CEO of Drake Industries she was not happy to have an omega son. Even though omegas were to be treasured and cherished to Janet and many in the business world they had no place in the boardroom let alone a CEO.
Jack had tried in the end Tim knew that but Dana had been more important to Jack and he knew that Jack had wanted to start a family with her. Tim had loved his parents or as much as he could, it was hard when they spent more time away from him and made it clear that he was a disappointment. His first real family had been with Bruce, Dick, and Alfred. Tim had finally known what it felt like to belong to a pack. 
It had taken time, Tim knew that Bruce had been hurting from the loss of Jason, his son and that is why the alpha kept him at arm's length he was mourning the loss of his son and didn't know what to do with this omega that refused to leave and let Batman be swallowed by the darkness he fought against. Tim knew that he was right that Batman needed Robin to be the light to his darkness and when Bruce lost Jason.
Tim had been a replacement just like Jason claimed he was. Tim was never meant to be a part of Bruce's pack that became clear when Damian appeared and tried to kill him and not one of the alpha's he was around did anything besides giving the younger but deadly alpha a scolding. Packs love and cherish their omegas and protect them from harm if Tim had really been their pack omega.
The final blow had come when Dick took Robin away from him and given it to Damian without discussing it with him first or asking if Tim was ready to let go of Robin and move on to something else. Seeing Damian's smug look as he appeared in the Robin uniform didn't hurt as much as Dick doing it behind his back.
Tim wasn't sure how to describe his feelings for Dick. He had been in awe of him the moment they met that faithful night at the circus when Dick hugged him for their photo. Tim didn't know a time when he wasn't in love with Dick. The alpha had influenced Tim for so much on his life. His first hug came from 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tim Drake/Dick Grayson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Roy Harper/Koriand'r/Jason Todd
Diana (Wonder Woman)/Bruce Wayne
Tim Drake & Kon-El | Conner Kent
Bart Allen & Tim Drake
Cassandra Cain & Tim Drake
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tim Drake
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Loki/Thor
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Cassandra Cain/Darcy Lewis
Tim Drake & Tam Fox
Tim Drake & Owens & Zeddmore Washington & Prudence Wood
Tim Drake & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Omega Tim Drake
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Kid Peter Parker
Alpha Dick Grayson
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Tim Drake-centric
Hurt Tim Drake
Tim Drake Needs a Hug
Bucky Adopts Tim
Steve Isn't Surprised
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
Batfamily Wants Tim Back
The Avengers Aren't Going to Make It Easy
Tim just wants to be loved
Protective Bruce Wayne
Protective Jason Todd
Jason is a softy
Jealous Dick Grayson

fandom: 
Tim Drake/Dick Grayson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Roy Harper/Koriand'r/Jason Todd
Diana (Wonder Woman)/Bruce Wayne
Tim Drake & Kon-El | Conner Kent
Bart Allen & Tim Drake
Cassandra Cain & Tim Drake
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tim Drake
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Loki/Thor
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Cassandra Cain/Darcy Lewis
Tim Drake & Tam Fox
Tim Drake & Owens & Zeddmore Washington & Prudence Wood
Tim Drake & Peter Parker

