Work Text:
The Soldier trudges out of the water step by painful step, his body aching and his heavy burden in tow. He drops the target on the riverbank, and the man chokes out a weak breath, water bubbling from his lips.
Mission incomplete
The Soldier kneels beside the target, studying him. The face is familiar to him. He knows it, he just doesn’t know why. He doesn’t know why a few pleading words from the target were enough to still the Soldier’s hand. Targets have pleaded with him before. None of them received any mercy. So why is the captain still breathing?
Mission incomplete
The words pound painfully through the Soldier’s brain. He does not leave his missions incomplete. Failed missions mean the disappointment of his masters. He cannot disappoint his masters.He just wishes he understood why this mission is so hard, why seeing the fair-haired captain in his antiquated stars and stripes is tearing at his insides in ways he has never experienced. He wishes he knew why all of his instincts are screaming at him, telling him to tend to the target’s wounds, to wipe away his blood and get him to safety.
Mission incomplete
The chaos in the Soldier’s head is so strong that he clutches at his own hair, fighting to find some semblance of control, of clarity. This shouldn't be hard. The captain is his mission, and at the moment he is one of the easiest targets the Soldier has ever encountered. So why can’t he make himself move?
Mission incomplete
The captain’s eyes begin to flutter open. He looks up at the Soldier, and his expression fills with equal parts pain and hope.“Buck-”
MISSION INCOMPLETE
With a wild cry, the Soldier reaches out and twists the captain’s head to the side, snapping his neck with a dull crunch that seems louder than a gunshot. The captain falls still, and the Soldier staggers back. His ears are full of a muted roaring, and his stomach roils. He retches into the weeds, and only foul yellow bile comes up.He doesn't understand. He completed his mission. The captain is dead. So why does it feel as though he has done something terrible, as though he has knocked the world off its axis? Why is the screaming in his head louder than ever?The Soldier lurches to his feet, desperate to get away from the captain’s body. He starts running, although he knows there is no running from what he’s done.For the first time that he is aware of, the Soldier longs for the Chair. It hurts, yes, but it wipes him clean, leaves him blank and empty. The Soldier is desperate to be empty again.*****Even in the utter chaos that has overtaken the city, it doesn't take the Soldier long to return to his handlers. The rendezvous points and contingency plans are burned into his brain, and his handlers are waiting for him in the third place he tries. There are three of them, men he doesn't remember. They look nervous, worried. This isn't unusual though. The Soldier is used to being feared.“Mission report,” one of them demands.“Mission complete,” the Soldier intones, the words burning his throat on the way out.The handlers exchange glances. The Soldier knows his mission reports are supposed to be longer, more detailed. But he thinks he will start screaming if he tries to say more, so he stays silent.The men choose not to push. They strap him to his seat in the back of their armored van and drive him to the renovated bank vault in which he is stored between missions. The Soldier sinks gratefully into the Chair when led to it, and the handlers look surprised. They start talking amongst themselves, but the Soldier doesn't bother listening to their conversation. It doesn't matter. The new people that enter the vault and join in the conversation don't matter. Nothing matters.The Soldier wishes they would just turn on the Chair already. His head is a war zone of screams and tumultuous agony, and he just wants it to stop.The conversation drags on too long for his liking, but eventually one of the people breaks away from the cluster and approaches him. Her face is familiar, but not in the warm, bone-deep way the captain was familiar. He knows she must work with him regularly. She stoops slightly to study him, and her face is cold.“Well,” she says at last. “Here we are.”She doesn't seem to want a response, and the Soldier doesn't give one. He wishes they would just wipe him, grant him the peace of feeling nothing.“You have done much for us,” the woman continues. “Given us much. But I’m afraid you’ve rather outlived your usefulness. So now it's time for us to give you something.”She looks at the technician standing at the Chair’s controls.“Restore him,” she orders. “Restore everything.”The technician looks nervous and uncomfortable.“I’m not really sure about-”“Do it!” the woman barks.The startled man hurries to obey, pushing the buttons that activate the Chair’s restraints. The woman leans over the Soldier as he is clamped in place.“You failed us,” she hisses, her eyes filled with furious disgust but her expression composed. “You deserve this 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Angst
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Remembers
First Kiss
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
but only in flashbacks
Flashbacks
Angst with a Happy Ending
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
slight AU
this may not be the angstiest thing i've ever written but it's certainly in the running
it has a happy ending though i swear
you just have to trudge through a crapload of feels to get there
the M rating is for dark themes not for sexytimes fyi

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

