Chapter 1: Fun-size
    




Chapter Text
“It seems we blotched this one.”“Really? What gave it away?”“Shut up, dude,” Tony mutters as he moves to the edge of the roof to glance down to the street below. “This wouldn’t have happened if you’d let me concentrate.”Spider-Man joins him on the ledge. “I’m sorry, ‘concentrate’? I didn’t know that word was a part of your vocabulary. Maybe you meant ‘aggravate’? ‘Mutilate?’ ‘Annihilate’?”“All right, smartass.”“Nauseate…” Spider-Man quickly adds.“All right, Emily Dickinson. Let’s just be glad no one got hurt,” Tony says, even as he is infrared-scanning the piles of rubble to make sure no one has gotten trapped underneath. He should have called for back-up on this one, but he really though it wouldn’t be a big deal. Just some idiot flying around on a hoverboard with a gun. Until it turned out that said gun caused shockwaves that could blast entire buildings apart.“I’m glad you showed up,” he admits. “This is bad, but it could have been a lot worse. Of course, the press is going to claim otherwise.”He turns towards Spider-Man now, looking into the brown eyes that peek back at him from behind a pair of silly black goggles.“Why can’t you take off that stupid, stupid mask, underoos?”“There are two reasons for it, Stark.” Spider-Man says. “The first reason is, I don’t want to, and the second happens to be that same reason also.”Tony sighs, looking back down at the debris covering the streets down below. “I am one hundred percent going to blame you for this clusterfuck.”“You are a real douchebag, you know that?”“Yes,” Tony replies, smugly.-Pepper sighs a deep sigh as she clicks through the news. “That was an utter disaster. The press is having a field day.”“It wasn’t my fault,” Tony defends. “That Spider-Guy never knows when to shut up. Just an incessant stream of nonsense. He distracted me.”“Either way, your reputation took a blow,” Pepper tells him. “Nothing new. And just like the previous one hundred times, it will be fixed, of course. All we need is an inspired bit of good PR to get you back on that insanely high pedestal the public always puts you on. I’ve already set it up.”“Set what up? What, am I going to make flower arrangements with the elderly? Organize a benefit for single mothers in Ethiopia?”Pepper slides a piece of paper towards him. “Try an orphan. His name is Peter Parker. He lives in a group home. He is fifteen. He is exceptionally intelligent. He loves superheroes. And his biggest dream is to meet the great Tony Stark. He was brought to my attention a few weeks ago by some foundation that makes dreams come true, you know the type. I didn’t act on it then, because I didn’t want him to be disappointed when he met the real you.”“Harsh, Pep.”“I’m still worried about it, to be honest,” Pepper says. “We need the good publicity. But I’m worried you won’t be able to deal with him properly. Because…” She hesitates.“Because?”“Apparently he doesn’t talk much. Sometimes not at all. Trauma-related.”Tony glances down at the piece of paper, and the picture attached to it. The kid has a wide smile and sparkling, brown eyes. He doesn’t look like an anxious or sad kid. But everyone copes with trauma in their own way. “All right. Set it up.”Pepper raises her eyebrows. “That’s it? I thought you were going to be insufferable about this.”“Please. A smart kid who doesn’t talk? Perfect combination. If only all my employees were like that.”Pepper eyes him for a while, tapping her pen against the desk. “The last thing this boy needs is his big hero making fun of him.”“You think I’ll make fun of a kid for having issues? You don’t exactly have a high opinion of me, do you?”“You’re socially inept,” is Pepper’s unforgiving response. “You might not intend to make fun of him, but even just by being your sarcastic self, you can really throw people off.”“Thanks for sugar-coating that for my benefit.”-Tony is briefed over the phone by Melissa, a particularly coarse social worker, the next day.“Don’t sweat it,” she says through a crackling line. “Only thing you gotta remember is to not get all up on him about not talking. And don’t worry, really. Everyone thinks he’s all delicate because he’s so quiet, but he ain’t delicate at all, I’m telling ya. He can be a snarky little shit. He’s just subtle about it.”Tony rubs his forehead. “All right, all right. How will I know what he wants to do? Does he… - are you in a tunnel or something? The connection is terrible – Does he write stuff down?”“Nah, it’s not like that. He talks. It’s just he generally sticks to only a few words. As for what he wants to do… Literally anything you can think of, I can guarantee he’ll be all hot in the biscuit to do it with you. Can you hear me better now? I’m on my balcony. Smells of pigeons out here. He pretty much stopped talking after his aunt died.”“Ah. He was close with her, then?”“She raised him. His parents died in an airplane crash when he was nine. He moved in with his uncle and aunt. His uncle was shot last 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Foster Care
civil war never happened
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

