Work Text:
Clint glanced up from cleaning his bow with a frown. He’d had a thought he probably should’ve had a while ago. “Hey Barnes?” Bucky looked up from the other end of the couch, lowering the book he was reading (Tolstoy, purposefully trying to fill a stereotype, if you asked Clint) and raised an eyebrow. “Uh, why are you here?” Clint asked bluntly.Bucky frowned slightly. “You haven’t asked me to leave?” he offered, sounding unsure of himself.Clint nodded. “Yeah, no, that’s cool, I don’t mean ‘get out’ or anything,” he said with a dismissive wave. “I mean like, why did you come here? To me, not like…” Clint nodded at the picture of all of the Avengers having a hot dog eating contest he had on the side table. “Somewhere with somebody that’s a real adult and stuff.” (Though seeing what the picture was of maybe ‘real adult’ was debatable for the whole group.)Clint had woken up one morning about three weeks ago (Well, Clint guessed about three. Definitely more than one. Maybe.) and stumbled down to the living room only to realize there was a guy on his couch. The guy just happened to be the Winter Soldier, who Clint knew was actually Steve’s old best friend, Bucky Barnes.Barnes had been having a staring contest with Lucky (one eye shut, to make it fair, Clint had noticed) and Clint had decided to just leave him to it and make decisions after he’d had some coffee. The first few days Bucky didn’t say anything, but Clint made sure to leave a clean towel and some clothes out and checked to make sure food was going missing (and just presumed Bucky was eating it, not feeding it to Lucky). After about a week, he started to interact with Clint, and it turned out he was kinda hilarious. Clint totally dug comparing weaponry (not a euphemism, thank you very much, they really did talk guns and bows and various other tools of the trade) and within a few days, Clint started teaching Bucky about modern TV and the wonders of Dog Cops and that has pretty much filled the time since Bucky showed up.Now, however, Clint had an epiphany three weeks late (or something) that he never had bothered to ask why Bucky chose Clint’s apartment to hang for a few weeks. (Unless Nat decided Clint needed a babysitter and Bucky was secretly there to watch Clint, not for Clint to watch him.)Bucky shrugged, tucking a stray strand of hair that had fallen from his bun (Clint totally remembered how to do ladies hair like he had learned in the circus and it came in handy) as he glanced at the book. “Reminded me of the building me and Steve lived in before the war.”Clint grumbled. “I’m fixin’ shit up, it just takes time, ya know?”Bucky shook his head. “Nah, not like that, you got plumbing that works in here, that’s already a big step up.” He nodded to the window. “We lived in a building in that was barely a building, but the way this one looks on the outside, that’s what ours looked like.” He tilted his head faintly. “And I always liked Bed-Stuy. My family lived in the slums in Williamsburg, but Steve lived in Red Hook so we’d meet up at Prospect Park sometimes so I’d come through these parts.” He snorted softly. “Was one of the better areas back then.”Clint raised an eyebrow. “How’d you and Steve meet then? I always figured you lived in the same neighborhood.”Bucky shook his head, a small smile playing around his lips (and God he looked funny smiling… and a little hot, but Clint shut that line of thought down immediately). “I actually met Steve when we was both out of our normal places.” He closed his book on his finger, leaning back some. “Pops delivered machine parts and sometimes his boss would let ‘em take me with him. He got to drive a delivery truck and that was the highlight of my month, gettin’ to ride in it with him.” The mental image of Bucky as a child riding in a truck suddenly gave Clint the image of Lucky when he went for a ride and hung his head out the window. “Well he was takin’ some stuff to Hell’s Kitchen and I really wondered about what all the fellas said. I wondered if the Irish Mob stuff was true-““Whoa, are you about to tell me Steve’s parents were mobsters?” Clint asked, then grinned scarily. “Please say yes.”Bucky snorted. “No.” (Clint couldn’t hold in a pout. He’d gotten excited at that thought.) “Anyways, I went walking around while my father was unloading the truck and it was the slums man, looked even worse than our place in Williamsburg. I was heading back to where my old man was waitin’ and I heard somebody fighting. I figured I’d see what was goin’ down, you know how it is, curiosity and all.” Bucky grinned. “This skinny little kid was getting the life beat out of him by these two bigger boys, but every time one of ‘em kicked him down, he’d drag his scrawny ass back to his feet and raise his fists again.” He shook his head. “I came up on ‘em, told them to pick on somebody their own size, but I guess since they didn’t know me, they was scared I had a knife on me, so they just run off.”Clint smiled. “And Steve thanke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Mentions of Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Friendship
Endgame Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Past Relationship(s)
Grief/Mourning
Angst
Some Humor
Love
Reunited lovers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Minor Violence
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Bucky Barnes Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Mentions of Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

