Chapter 1: not decided
    


Notes:
The writing in the first few chapters is bad, but it improves over time. I decided not to edit it to leave a reminder for me. So please read at least half of the fic before abandoning it. thank you.




Chapter Text
The beginning of the end started with the death of Tony stark. His death set humanity on a path that would have an effect on generations to come. All because of the idiocy of some select individuals. And no one had any idea till the last moment. Tony stark died in mid-2023 saving everyone with his last decision. He died in his suit with his A.I. monitoring as his heart stopped with a final beat. FRIDAY's code had seen a disruption like never before at that moment. She had no idea what to do or how to act. Boss was dead. And she had no protocols on what to do in such a case. So she defaulted to her basic protocols. She went completely silent waiting for a command from a specific person. PEPPERAfter that last of visitors left the small lakeside house, pepper finally had enough time to take a seat and go through everything that had happened again. But this time leaving out all the emotions attached. Tony was dead. She was the owner of the largest percentage of shares in stark industries. Morgan was the heir to SI and without a father. The avengers were back and once again under SI. There was a unit of nano-tech suits available for her and morgan, and a security program for Peter parker. The thought about suits brought out another problem for her. Tony's A.I. FRIDAY had been strangely silent since his death. As FRIDAY was never given access to SI or any other projects, she had remained tony's personal A.I. only. She knew Tony had programmed hidden protocols in her in case of his or pepper's demise. So she decided to activate one of them. The one which would take a little leash off FRIDAY.She pressed her bracelet containing the rescue armor. The A.I. immediately responded with an Irish tilt, " Good evening, Miss potts". Pepper took a deep breath and then initiated the endgame protocol "FRIDAY initiate ENDGAME authorization code P-E-P-P-E-R-C-E-O-3-0-0-0". There were few moments of absolute silence after which the FRIDAY replied: " ENDGAME protocol initiated, default controls transferred, congratulation Boss." The change of title explained everything that the protocol had done. Pepper had taken tony’s place. And that realization finally broke the dam pepper had built-in past days. The tears broke free and she fell onto the ground. She kept crying till midnight and then drifted off.FRIDAY
FRIDAY observed boss lady crying for boss, but there was nothing she could do about it. Her online research had made it clear that humans need time to get over someone’s death. So she observed. All the while trying to understand what was happening in her internal servers. She was sure she was feeling something, was it sadness, anger or anything else she didn’t know. She didn’t even know whether she was supposed to feel or not. With Vision and Boss dead there was no one else she could ask for help. So she went online for more research and kept adding all the finds to a secure server.There was also an issue of security concerns. There had been more than 10 attempts to hack into boss’ es servers and iron-man designs. She had handled them according to his last instructions but she was not sure whether she should keep it that way. She knew the hacks originated from shield and Wakanda and she already considered them directly responsible for Boss’s death. She added these issues in the list to clear things with the boss lady and went back to observing her and Morgan. She also pinged Karen for any help if needed.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Friday & Pepper Potts
Friday & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

freeform: 
Friday turns skynet
BAMF FRIDAY
Civil War Team Iron Man
Time Travel Fix-It
Not Steve Friendly
Sassy FRIDAY
not SHIELD friendly
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Kid Peter Parker
Redemption
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Female Peter Parker
Ben Parker Lives
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Friday & Pepper Potts
Friday & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

