Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony never intended to go back this far—but he’s curious; curious to see his father before time and war and drink corrupted him and turned him into the unkind and distant man he’d called Howard. He’s supposed to be making sure the timelines are intact after they defeated Thanos; Steve is in the 70’s replacing the stones they took from his dad, and this is...just a little side trip. No big deal. He’d landed in 1943 a few days ago and managed to steal some clothes before finding a decent hotel to stay in, thankful that he’d brought some of the cybercurrency he’d created—and sure he’d based the idea off of the psychic paper from Doctor Who, but really, watching the money transform into the currency of any time or place was just so cool. When he’d seen the newspaper headline about the Expo he’d found it impossible to resist, and that’s how he found himself here, sweating in the heat of the last days of summer, amid a crowd of thousands of New Yorkers, watching his own father up on stage. It’s like looking into a mirror in some ways—same dark curling hair, playful eyes and a talent for working a crowd. “Steve, c’mon!” He’s jostled on his right and turns to cut a sharp word at the stranger who’s stepped on his toe when he’s suddenly struck dumb because that’s James Barnes looking back at him with an apologetic frown. “Hey, you all right mister?” Tony nods numbly as the younger man smiles and reaches out to pat his arm, “Sorry, got a coupla dames ta show a good time, ya know?” he says with a sly wink, his reputation as an Alpha’s Alpha well earned. He jerks his chin to indicate the two pretty women standing behind them, and Tony smirks by rote and nods; “Good luck,” he murmurs, watching as they turn away and face the stage. Another body jostles him and he looks, and then looks further down because the man who’d knocked into him is short, barely five feet tall, with sandy blonde hair and a frame so thin it looks like a strong breeze could send him toppling over. The man looks up and his heart lurches for the second time tonight because that’s Steve—his Steve but not, staring back at him with wide regretful doe eyes and a faint smile. “Sorry sir, just trying to get to my friends,” Steve murmurs, pointing to where Bucky and the two women are standing a few feet ahead. Tony nods and steps aside, ignoring the complaints from his right as he bumps into someone. “No problem,” he replies, smiling warmly—too friendly if the confusion on Steve’s face is anything to go by. The younger man just nods and slides by, sidles up behind the two women and leans up onto his toes to watch the show. Tony watches him the whole evening, how he tries to talk to the one woman and is resolutely ignored, how he’s too short to see over the crowd, how his shoulders droop with each minute that passes as he’s ignored. When he tries to share his popcorn and is once again rebuffed, Tony can’t help but step forward and nudge Steve’s arm, smiling when the younger man looks up at him. “Hey sunshine, mind if I have some?” Steve stares at him, brow furrowing and Tony lifts his hands in a show of peaceful intent, “Sorry pal, just seems like we both got left behind by our dates,” he lies, nodding to where Bucky and the two girls have slipped away. Steve stares for a moment at the empty spaces and then crumples inward, shoulders dropping with an air of defeat. It’s the saddest thing Tony’s ever seen and he can’t help the hand that lands on Steve’s shoulder, squeezing gently as the younger man sighs and shakes his head. “Guess I’ll see him later,” Steve murmurs and looks back up at Tony with sad eyes and a sadder smile. He offers the popcorn to Tony with a vague wave of his other hand, “Here mister, why don’t you enjoy it, I’m gonna go,” he says, sounding defeated. Tony hesitates and then shakes his head—seeing Steve so small and defeated is just wrong. “Ah, you know, I’m hungrier than I thought and popcorn just isn’t gonna cut it,” he explains, “you want to grab a bite with me?” Steve stares at him, brow furrowed in confusion, lips parted as though he’s about to speak and Tony realizes how weird it is for a stranger to ask another stranger for dinner so he hastily shoves his hand forward, cursing internally when Steve startles back and the popcorn goes flying. “Shit, sorry,” Tony mumbles, reaching out to steady the younger man and earns himself a glare in the process, “Sorry, I’m just, uh, new in town and you look local. Thought maybe you’d know a good place to eat,” he explains(lies) hastily. He extends his hand again, “Antonio Carbonell,” he says with a brilliant smile. His mother’s maiden name is a good alias—one he’s used in the past when trying to fly beneath the radar. Steve hesitates just a moment and then takes his hand, shakes it firmly and Tony’s surprised by the strength in the grip and the calluses on his palms—the Steve he knew had soft hands because of the serum, painters hands he’d always thought. “Steve Rogers.” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Porn With Very Little Plot
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Mentions of Breeding
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Cum Play
Scent Marking
Bonding
Knotting
Double Penetration
Double Penetration in One Hole
Double Knotting
Face-Fucking
but like loving face fucking
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
pre winter soldier Bucky Barnes
1940’s au
Not Captain America: The First Avenger Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
fuck the Russo’s
And their shitty time travel
Time Travel Fix-It
FUCK endgame
Pregnancy
Surrogacy
Family Feels
Family Fluff
Medical Jargon
Alpine - Freeform
Bucky Gets A Cat

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

