Chapter 1: The Deal
    




Chapter Text
"Thirty million pounds? I knew you had an extreme weakness for gambling but even you should have known when to stop." Laufey lifted his tired eyes and looked upon Odin as the man took a sip of his scotch. "I lost control of everything when Farbauti died," Laufey tried to explain. He noted the brief look of sadness that crossed over Odin's face at the mention of her name. "I cared not for anything. I won some, I lost some, but didn't realise how much. And look at me now, about to lose my company and end up on the street." "And so you called me for help," Odin stated as he fixed his one-eyed gaze upon his childhood friend. "Like you always did whenever you got yourself in trouble." "It was your speciality," Laufey said with a crooked smile. "You always enjoyed being the hero. To make everyone look to you for your guidance." "Is that malice I hear?" "Oh no, old friend. I'm simply stating the truth." Odin gruffed and took another sip. "Yet how Farbauti still chose you will forever be an enigma." Laufey wisely didn't say anything while he waited for Odin to make a decision. He was asking for far too much, he knew that. Even Jotunheim Inc., for all its brilliant tech, wasn't worth that amount. He knew Odin had the money but it would take Laufey and his sons an eternity to pay him back, but if Odin wouldn't save him his sons would end up homeless. "I will clear all your debts. In return, I want the complete ownership of Jotunheim and Farbauti's boy." Laufey frowned. "Loki?" Odin glanced at him thoughtfully for a moment before he elaborated. "I will take him under my wings. He's going to be mine, mind, body and soul. If he pleases me, I might let him take over Jotunheim when the time comes. How old is he now?" Laufey narrowed his eyes. He didn't want Odin to lay his dirty old hands on Loki but he knew that arguing would only result in his own downfall. "He recently turned seventeen." "A good age. I will take him with me when I leave London tomorrow evening, you'll make sure he knows what is expected of him. As for your other boys..." Odin halted as he tried to recall their names. "Helblindi and Byleistir," Laufey filled in. "They will keep their positions at Jotunheim, they have done a splendid job with designing tech and shouldn't be punished for your mistakes." 'But Loki will,' Laufey thought sourly. "And like I've stated, Loki might inherit the company some day even though he is the youngest. I expect there will be no arguments from his older brothers." "There will be none, I assure you." "Good. You best go tell Loki of our arrangements, and have him come and meet me. I haven't met with the boy since he was about ten." Laufey nodded and left the room. Once the door closed, he let out a shuddering breath and had to take a moment to compose himself. Odin had always been obsessed with Farbauti, that is what had driven her away from him and eventually into Laufey's arms instead, and Odin had never quite managed to handle that rejection particularly well. But for him to push his obsession with her onto her son? Laufey could only hope that Loki wouldn't break.  *** It took longer than Odin cared for, but finally there was a brief knock at the door before it opened. Laufey and Loki entered the home office and Odin got his first look at the young man. His black hair was slicked back, still a bit wet from having just showered, and he smelt of citrus soap. He was tall and pale just like Farbauti, he had luckily inherited her green eyes instead of Laufey's brown, her slim built instead of the sturdy one of Laufey and his half-brothers, and he was immaculately dressed in a smart suit. He was very pleasing to look at. "Mr. Borson," he greeted with a surprisingly titillating voice for a teenager as he extended his hand, which Odin accepted with both of his own in a possessive gesture. "I'm pleased to meet you, sir." "Pleasure is all mine," Odin said as he looked him over. If Loki would have had any problems with the arrangement, he let nothing show. His face was as light and carefree as it could ever be, without looking decieving. Odin almost dared to believe that the boy was looking forward to his new future. "And please do call me Odin." "Loki, why don't you show Odin to his guestroom," Laufey suggested as he poured himself a strong drink. "I'm sure you have much to discuss." Loki smiled at Odin, who still held his hand in both of his own. "This way," Loki said lightly as he led Odin out of the room. Odin placed one of his hands on Loki's shoulders, but as they kept walking through the large villa it slid down to his waist. Once the door shut behind them, Odin went and sat down on the bed. Loki remained standing until Odin patted the seat next to him. "Did Laufey tell you what is going to happen?" "He did," Loki said with an almost eager nod. "I've always wanted to go to the States." Odin smiled and rubbed circles on Loki's back, "I'll take you anywhere you like. You'll never be lack
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Odin (Marvel)
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Human
Porn with some plot
Arranged Relationship
Age Difference
Slightly underage (Loki is 17)
Creepy Odin
Daddy Kink
Extremely Dubious Consent
Unsafe Sex
First Time
Rimming
Character Death
Disturbing Themes
Creepy
Anal Fingering
Spanking
Sex Toys
Temperature Play
Sexual Roleplay
Forced Feminization
Somnophilia
Rough Sex
Watersports
Comeplay
Dacryphilia
Sex in a Car
Limousine Sex
Reverse Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
Rape/Non-con Elements
Snowballing
Crossdressing
Ass to Mouth

fandom: 
Loki/Odin (Marvel)
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

