Chapter 1: The First Time
    


Summary:

You and Bucky have sex for the first time.





Chapter Text

“What?” You would have laughed at the look on Bucky’s face if you hadn’t been so unbelievably embarrassed by the fact that you’d just had to tell him you were a virgin. Not that there was anything wrong with being a virgin, not even a little. What was embarrassing was having to tell the man interested in having a strictly sexual relationship with you that you were a virgin. 

You blew out an irritated breath. You didn’t exactly want to repeat yourself, not with this anyway. “I’ve never had sex,” you repeated. “I’m a virgin.” You dropped your head into your hands, too shy or too embarrassed to make eye contact with Bucky any longer.

“You...you didn’t mention that before,” he said. “I thought -”

You didn’t raise your head to look at him. You were too afraid of what you might see on his face. Disappointment. Rejection. “You thought I was experienced,” you finished for him.

“Hey,” Bucky murmured softly. “Hey, Y/N, look at me.”

You reluctantly raised your head, eyes locking with Bucky’s. He smiled sweetly at you, putting you immediately at ease. He was so good at that.

“There’s nothing to be ashamed of,” he said, rising to his feet and crossing the room to kneel in front of you. He took your hands in his, his thumbs rubbing circles on the back of your hands. “No need to be embarrassed.”

You shrugged one shoulder and shook your head. Easy for him to say; he was the one with the experience, the one propositioning you, while you were the one having to sit back and say “oops, I’m a virgin, probably not what you’re looking for in a woman.” The thought made your stomach twist in a painful, nauseating knot.

“I don’t know what I was thinking,” you mumbled. “Maybe I’m not ready for this.”

Bucky put a finger under your chin, forcing you to look at him. “Say the word, doll, and I’m gone. I’ll walk away and leave you alone. We can be friends, you and me. Just friends. Nothing more.”

“That’s not what I want,” you whispered. “That’s not what I want at all.”

Bucky pushed open your legs, easing between them, his hands falling to your waist. He moved closer, so close you could feel his breath blowing against your face.

“Can I kiss you?” he murmured.

Your heart pounded so hard you thought it might beat out of your chest. You swallowed and nodded slowly, staring into his bright blue eyes.

He tugged gently on your chin, silently urging you to move toward him. You slid to the edge of the couch, meeting Bucky halfway. He brushed a kiss across your lips, his metal arm wrapping around your back, his warm vibranium fingertips drifting across the skin between the top of your jeans and the bottom of your blouse, causing goosebumps to rise on your skin. His tongue traced your lips and when your mouth opened, he leaned into you, fully exploring your mouth, his tongue moving over your teeth and lips, his nose brushing against yours as the kiss deepened. You moved to slide your hand up his metal arm, intent on wrapping your arm around his neck, but he caught it, taking hold of your wrist and pulling your arm behind your back, holding it there as he kissed you.

“Now, that wasn’t so bad, was it?” he smirked when you broke apart.

“No, but that wasn’t sex,” you retorted. “That was just a kiss.”

Bucky chuckled and shook his head, then he rose to his feet, his arm still around your waist, lifting you off your feet. “Come to bed with me,” he said. It was a question, but at the same time, it wasn’t. “Let me show you how good it can be.”

A shiver raced through you, from head to toe, while your stomach clenched, fear of the unknown making you slightly nauseous. You swallowed past the lump rising in your throat and forced yourself not to lose it. You wanted this, wanted Bucky, even if it meant getting that in only one way; not as his girlfriend, but as the woman he had sex with every now and then.

“Okay,” you murmured. “I..I want to try.”

Bucky scooped you up, his arm under your legs, and carried you through his apartment to the bedroom. He kicked open the door, stepped inside, turned around, and set you on the floor just outside the bedroom. You leaned over the threshold, taking it all in. It was an almost non-descript room with white walls and pale blue blankets on the bed. The bed was enormous, plain with strong, oak wood, and four sturdy posts. On the wall above it was a large photograph of New York, an old one from the looks of it, probably taken before World War II, definitely not modern. The other furniture in the room, sparse as it was, just a chair and one large dresser, matched the bed.

You were glued to the floor, unable to move, scared you would mess up, do or say something so stupid that Bucky would shoo you out of his apartment with a disappointed laugh. You watched him as he walked backward into the room, his chestnut locks pulled back in a low ponytail, his blue eyes sparkling, watching you, waiting for you to make 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Explicit Language
Explicit Sexual Content
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Loss of Virginity
Oral Sex
Light Bondage
Light Dom/sub
Light BDSM
Edging
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Denial
Dominant Bucky Barnes
Spanking
Flogging
Safeword Use
Semi-Public Sex
Sex Toys
Angst
Heavy Angst
Character Death
Shower Sex
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Canon-Typical Violence
Kidnapping
Pregnancy
Hospitalization

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

