Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
It is a commonly known fact that each sentient being in every realm has a soul mate. All, at some point in their lives, have a name written on their wrist. Sometimes, the name is there from birth, and at others it comes later on in life. These are the names of the person’s soul mate. The mark, much like a tattoo, is there from birth if a person’s soul mate is born before them. If it is not there from birth, then it will appear later on, when that person’s soul mate is born.However, knowing the name of your soul mate does not mean you are going to find them. It only reminds you of the potential. And there are also cases, very rare ones, of those with more than one name on their wrists. This is their story. 
 Thor, Loki and Sif were the first, all three of them having the other twos names on their wrists, one on each. For an age they did not understand how Thor and Loki could have each other’s names, but then their parents confided in them the truth, when they were believed to be old enough. It had unsettled Loki greatly, almost sending him over the edge. Had it not been for Sif and Thor, he would undoubtedly have done something highly regrettable. However, they knew that there was still a long way to go. Each of them felt strangely incomplete still, a feeling that had been described to them as one that came with (and mostly being ignorable) of those who had not yet found their soul mate. Yet their wrists had no other names. They knew then that there were, or would be, others who would eventually join them, and they resolved to keep an eye on what was happening.James Buchanan Barnes was the next name to appear on their wrists, followed a few months later by Steven Grant Rogers. Little did the three know that the two grew up together, Bucky protecting Steve who had a myriad of health problems- and didn’t let it stop him to his soul mate’s dismay. Steve was always picking fights with those assholes who decided to bully and harass others, often leading to Bucky stepping in to protect the smaller of the pair, and then cleaning him up afterwards. Neither of them recognised the other three names on their wrists, Thor and Loki’s on their right, and Sif on their left, just under the other name. Ten years after they were born, Natalia Romanova appeared on the other five’s wrists. While the Asgardians wondered if she was close in location to Steven and James, Bucky and Steve wondered if she was in Russia, like her name may indicate, or somewhere else. Similarly, they also wondered if the other three were close together, and if they were near Natalia. She was only new-born, so she needed someone, and it was obvious that Loki, Thor and Sif were the oldest of the group so far- wouldn’t they be best to watch out for the kid?Natalia was a different matter. She always tried to not focus on the names on her wrists. To do so could lead to her looking for them later on. That could become a weakness, and in the Red Room there was no room for weakness. Besides, if they were found, the Red Room may use them too. Or worse- use them against her. So it was best to ignore the names, she decided. Make it seem as if they meant nothing. As if they didn’t exist.When Bucky fell from the Hydra train, Steve was devastated. While they had had to hide their relationship in public, it made it no less painful to lose his soul mate. His very heart felt like it was tearing itself to pieces, dying with Bucky. The only comfort he had was that Bucky’s name hadn’t disappeared. It had simply lightened from jet black to grey. He didn’t know what it meant; all he knew was that he had lost the most important person in the whole world to him. And anger at Hydra for his loss spurred him on in his mission. The Asgardians had been in the midst of battle when it happened, and it was noticeable that something was wrong. The lightning attacks increased, killing enemies from the oncoming army ten in each direction in front of Thor. Sif truly showed her mantle as Goddess of War, cutting through her opponents as if they had simply been standing there, unarmed. Several had the chance to raise their weapons in defence, yet it mattered not. One swift stroke of her double bladed sword destroyed whatever weapon they had and killed them quickly and efficiently. A battle cry left Loki as magic streamed out of him, doing as much damage to the oncoming army as Thor had done with his lightning. After the wave of raw energy had passed, he was a blur, sending knives into the soldiers stupid enough to continue trying to come at him. He worked his way towards the other two, keeping in mind their safety. They had lost one they did not yet know. He did not want to lose someone he already knew and loved, and was sure the other two would feel the same. Natalia felt relief at the sight of the faded name. She didn’t know what it meant that his name was grey, instead of gone completely, but she was sure it meant James Buchanan Barnes was dead. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Fem/Harry
Multi-way Relationship
Soul Bond

fandom: 
None
