Work Text:

The first time it happened was a complete and utter accident. Truly.

Peter was maybe 4 or 5, and Tony knew something was wrong with him. Because he was attracted to his baby, and that’s 10 kinds of wrong.

He was fucking his wife, Mary, and being rough. He was enjoying it, based off her howling she was also enjoying it. They weren’t being quiet. Mary because it felt good and Tony because he was drunk.

And then he heard little Peter, asking why daddy was hurting mommy.

Tony had frozen. Mary has started crying, covering herself as much as she could. She must be thinking about Peter’s well being, about the future therapy and the life long scars this will surely leave.

Tony was fucked up. He was wondering how long Peter had been watching them. He wanted to show Peter it didn’t hurt, it felt good. He wanted to hold his son and pet his hair, tell him it’s okay.

Mary sobs and shoves him harshly, screaming “do something!” At him.

So Tony shakes his head, picking Peter up and trying to ignore his hard on for now. He could be a decent person. This once.

He took his son back to bed, tucking him in. He answered all of Peter’s questions calmly and patiently. He felt like his hard on should have faded, but it didn’t.

“Okay daddy... as long as you pomise it don’t hurt mommy,” Peter had said, nodding to himself. He didn’t want his daddy to hurt his mommy.

Tony had only nodded, kissing Peter’s forehead. “It doesn’t hurt. I promise. It just feels really really good. That’s why mommy was making those noises. And daddy too, because it felt really good for daddy too.”

Peter pouts, noticing his daddy was about to leave. “Daddy don’t go! Stay with me please.”

Tony hesitated. On one hand, he would end the world for his baby if he asked him to. On the other... “how about I’ll be right back, baby? Daddy just has to get rid of this-“ he points to his still raging hard cock “-and then I’ll be right back.”

Peter only sniffles and tears up. “Please daddy? I can take care of it! Right daddy? You can teach me?”

Peter always had been such a smart boy. “Okay baby. You can help daddy, as long as you promise to never ever tell anyone. Okay?”

Peter nodded, eyes wide. “I won’t tell daddy! It’s secret. ‘M good at secrets.”

Tony nods, not questioning what he meant. He sits on the bed, pulling Peter into his lap. He grinds against Peter’s ass once, before slotting him so that his dick peaked out between Peter’s legs. He kisses Peter’s cheek softly. God, it’s so fucking sexy. “Okay Peter. Gently wrap your hands together around it. Oh god, that’s it baby. That’s perfect. Okay, now move the circle up and down. No, like this. Yes, just like that.”

Tony moaned into Peter’s ear softly for a while, just enjoying the sight and the feeling. His baby is just so perfect. He wishes he could record and keep this moment. Forever. “Okay b-baby. Now, some stuff is gonna come out in a second, okay? It’s messy, but I’ll clean it up. I promise.”

Peter seemed to understand and he kept moving his hands even as he gasped, watching the stuff come out. “Icky!”

Tony had chuckled after it was over, hugging his baby close. “Yeah baby, icky. Daddy will clean it up, and then we can go to sleep okay?”

~

But that was only the first time.

The next time after that, it wasn’t as much an accident.

His wife was out of town and he was lonely, god dammit, and his baby was right there. So, as any pervert that shouldn’t be allowed children would do, he had picked his baby up and plopped him in his lap. “Peter?” He had asked.

Peter had looked up, smiling at his father. “Yes, daddy?” His sweet, innocent, angelic little voice asked.

Tony is going to hell. “Do you remember a while ago, when you touched daddy and made the icky stuff come out?”

Peter had nodded, smiling brightly. “Yeah! Cos I made daddy love me more than before!” He says proudly.

Tony hates himself for not correcting Peter. “Yeah, baby. That’s right. Do you wanna do that again? So I’ll love you even more?”

Peter gasps and nods, crawling over to his daddy and touching his knees. “Please daddy? Wan daddy to love me aaaaall the much!”

Tony swallows his guilt and picks Peter up, placing him beside him on the couch. “Okay honey. You sit there and let daddy look at you, okay? You’ll make daddy so happy, honey.”

Peter giggles and does as he’s told, letting his daddy undress him and watch him while he played with his big boy pee pee.

Peter got curious after a while, watching to touch his daddy instead. Tony doesn’t seem to be mad he did; the opposite actually. He makes an appreciative noise, dropping his own hand as he watches Peter’s little one move up and down on his.

“Daddy, I like makin you feel good,” Peter says honestly.

Tony bites his lip and then decides ‘fuck it, I’m already going to hell’. “Yeah? Can daddy touch you, sweet thing? It’ll make me feel so good.”

Peter gasps and nods, wiggling in his seat excitedly. “Daddy! Please touch me. Wanna make you feel good!”

Tony groans and a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Grooming
Pedophilia
Peter is a cock slut
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Rape/Non-con Elements
Statutory Rape

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

