Chapter 1: Scream for Me; Stevetony
    


Summary:

70. "Say my name over and over again and, once you think you’ve said it loud enough, scream it. I want the whole neighborhood to know who’s making you feel good.“



Notes:
Requested by in-umbria-gratia on tumblr




Chapter Text
Much to Steve’s surprise, Tony is actually quiet in bed. He gasps and whimpers and moans but Steve never hears the screams he would expect out of someone as loud and larger-than-life as Tony is. Tony says it’s because of how he grew up, that being loud was a privilege he couldn’t afford, first because of Howard’s bigoted ways and then because of a shared dorm room, and then it just became a habit he never got around to breaking.Which, of course, makes those times when Steve can get him to scream all the sweeter.“I want you to be loud, sweetheart,” he whispers in Tony’s ear. They’ve been here for almost three hours. Steve has come in Tony’s tight little hole four times. Tony, having pleaded with him to test how many times Steve could come, is wearing a cock ring and–at Steve’s last count–has come dry three times. He’s overstimulated and desperate and so fucking gorgeous Steve wants to keep him this way for the rest of his life.Steve is getting closer to the peak of his fifth orgasm. He’s pretty sure this will be the last one but he wants to get Tony screaming first. He wants Tony begging and strung-out.“I want you to say my name over and over again and once you think you’ve said it loud enough, scream it. I want the whole tower to know who’s making you feel good.”“Steve,” Tony moans, tapering off into a whimper when Steve’s cock brushes against his oversensitive prostate. “Can’t. Bucky’s right next door.”Steve doesn’t care. It’ll be payback for the years Bucky brought his dates home and fucked them in the living room because they were too poor to afford a two-bedroom apartment. “Come on, sweetheart,” he murmurs. “Tell me how good I’m making you feel.” He punctuates his sentence with a sharp thrust.Tony arches up off the bed, hands fisting in the sheets, gasping out, “Steve!” It’s barely louder than the whimper from earlier but it is still louder and Steve counts it.“That’s it,” he encourages. “You can do this for me.” He sets up a slow, rolling pace with his hips. Each motion drags the head of his cock over Tony’s prostate, punching out moans and whines from his lover and always, Steve’s name.A series of fast, quick thrusts gets his name drawn out into a long moan.Teasing the head of his cock at the rim of Tony’s hole gets Tony sobbing.Coming inside him until Tony’s full of him gets him crying out but it’s still not the scream he’s waiting for.He pulls out, finally spent, moves down Tony’s body, pressing sloppy kisses to every inch of his oversensitive skin that he can reach. Steve slides two fingers back into Tony’s pliant hole and bypasses his cock to lap around his fingers, licking his own spend out of him. They’ve never done this before and it seems that he’s completely broken Tony, who freezes for an instant. Steve readies himself to grab onto Tony’s hips to keep him where he wants him but he doesn’t need to. Tony shouts and presses his hips further into Steve’s hand. “Please, please, please,” he babbles in time with the thrusts of Steve’s fingers. He hitches Tony up closer to his mouth, sucks as his cum slides free into his mouth. It’s not the best taste but it’s intimate and raw and Tony is wailing his pleasure and not even an Assemble could tear Steve away from him right now.He pulls his mouth free just long enough to tell him, “You know what I want.” His other hand steals out from under Tony’s hips to flirt with the edges of the cock ring. Tony takes in a deep, shuddering breath and Steve–Steve can tell that this is it. He fits his mouth around Tony’s hole and sucks and at the same time, he presses his fingers to the locks on the cock ring and–And Tony screams, “Steve!” as he comes, shooting over his stomach, hips still pushing up restlessly. Steve pulls his mouth away to watch but he continues thrusting his fingers, drawing out Tony’s orgasm. Tony is always gorgeous when he comes but Steve thinks he likes him best like this, oversensitive and trembling and sobbing in Steve’s arms. He slides his fingers out and crawls back up Tony’s body to pull him into his arms, murmuring sweet nothings to bring him back down.“Thank you,” he says eventually, when he thinks Tony is ready to hear it, “for giving me this.”Tony hums and leans up to kiss the underside of his jaw. “Can’t talk,” he mutters. “Sleeping.” From the other room, they hear Bucky getting out of his bed and stomping toward the hall. Tony eyes the door. “And you’re dealing with that.” And then he tucks himself back under Steve’s chin and closes his eyes.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Sam Wilson
Tony Stark/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Hope Van Dyne

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Felching
Overstimulation
Lingerie
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Regency
Alternate Universe - Western
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Vikings
Arranged Marriage
Asexual Natasha Romanov
Knotting
Kissing
Hurt/Comfort
Whump
First Dates
Fairy Tale Curses
True Love's Kiss
POV Outsider
Implied/Referenced Homophobia

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Sam Wilson
Tony Stark/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Hope Van Dyne

