Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Steve was, apparently, functionally immortal.
 
Jury was still out on whether or not this was actually a 

good

 thing.
 
----xxxx----
 
Even though puberty had hit Steve like a 16-wheeler and he now looked like every coach’s dream player, that wasn’t who he 

was.

 Deep down, he was still that mouthy little brat who was more used to touching lips with a fist than a cheek. Which meant that he wasn’t all that comfortable in the clubs and bars that Bucky frequented.
 
That night he had parted ways from Bucky early. It was still in the middle of the night, perhaps a couple minutes past one. He’d left through the back entrance to avoid the crowds.
 
That was mistake number 1.
 
There was a man back there, drunk and wobbly, having just finished throwing up on the ground beside a dumpster. Steve, being who he was, of course went over to help the guy up.
 
Mistake number 2.
 
He took the man by the shoulders and stabilized him, letting the drunk lean onto his side and let the man lead the way, going deeper into what he would realize later was a dead end.
 
Mistake number 3.
 
And then the man had stumbled, shoving Steve off of him in the process, causing Steve to fall against a wall and hit his head, stunning him.
 
Mistake number 4.
 
The man had stared down at him in confusion for a moment, before a sloppy smile crept onto his face.
 
“Fuck. That’s a pretty pair of lips…” he muttered. 
 
And with that, the man was unzipping his pants, pulling out a thick cock, already half hard and growing harder with each sharp tug.
 
And, dazed as he was, Steve didn’t have a chance to really fight back before the man had stepped forward, grabbed him by the head and shoved his cock into Steve.
 
But not into his mouth. Into his left eye.
 
All Steve could do was choke on his own breath. He gasped and shuddered as the man went to town, too drunk to notice how thoroughly he was ruining his victim.
 
All he knew was that this whore’s mouth was stupidly wet and massaged his cock like nothing he’d ever experienced. 
 
Within minutes, Steve had gone limp, his tongue lolled out as his head bounced rapidly between the drunk’s groin and the brick wall behind him. Though a deep concussion was obviously the least of his problems at this point. There were no real thoughts in his mind, just distorted images of that fat dick, seen through his right eye, as it ravaged his body.
 
And, oddly enough, a weird sort of pleasure. 
 
Steve’s cock had been leaking cum since the moment his rapist had penetrated his brain, cum wetting his pants in an ever-growing stain from a constant orgasm.
 
After nearly thirty minutes of harsh pounding, his rapist finally came. It went without saying that the man didn’t care enough about Steve to pull out. Instead, he clutched at the wall and gave a couple more deep hard thrusts, just 

slamming

 Steve’s head against that wall with the force of it. 




And then he was coming. His hips twitched and his balls strained as he shot load after load of cum into Steve’s skull. He came until his seed was pouring from Steve’s lips, ears, nose and his free tear duct. Every inch and crevice of his brain, the parts that weren’t dick-churned mush, were filled and soaked with cum.
 
The rapist let out a very happy sigh and slowly pulled his cock out of Steve’s eye socket. He didn’t even bother to spare a glance at his victim before stuffing his cock back into his pants and wandering off.
 
Normally, this would be something later seen on the news, titled “Underage teen killed in unusual sex crime,” because “Dumb teenage bar-whore dies with literal cum-for-brains,” doesn’t read as well in papers.
 
But instead… Steve woke up. 
 
Less than half an hour later, Steve woke up with vision in both of his eyes. He blinked slowly and, for a moment, believed that he’d had a really, 

really,

 weird dream. But his face is covered in thick, dried cum. He can taste it on his tongue, blow some of the leftovers out of his nose, and feel some leaking out of his ears. 
 
But he was alive?
 
He stood up carefully and slowly made his way out of the alley. 
 
Maybe… maybe he had just been drunk and the man had simply turned his head this way and that to completely cover him in jizz.
 
He told himself that this was 

fine.

 
But deep down, Steve would always know that he had been murdered for someone else’s pleasure that night. He had been nothing more than a cock sleeve, used and discarded like trash in an alley behind a bar.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Everyone

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Gang Rape
Eye Sex
Face-Fucking
Skull Fucking
Necrophilia
no actual death
Underage Sex
Double Anal Penetration
Triple Penetration
Double Oral Penetration
Come Inflation
Bukkake
Watersports
Asphyxiation
Choking
Drowning
Come in lungs
Breast Inflation
Sexual Abuse
Marathon Sex
Brain Fucking
Ear Fucking
Nipple Fucking
Docking
urethral Penetration

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Everyone

