Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
  


"Do you really think it's a good idea to go back to Earth?"
It wasn't. From the very beginning, Loki had argued against the plan. Certainly, there were a few advantages, being right in the middle of Yggdrasil just one of them, but the people of Midgard were greatly divided, possessed but primitive technology, and already had more than enough problems on their platter to want to add one more. There was no way they would allow the Asgardians to take refuge on their planet.
Perhaps Vanahiem would be a better option, Loki had suggested; even the travel time would be greatly lesser. Even Heimdall had supported him on that. But Thor wouldn't have any of it.
"Yes, of course, the people of Earth love me, I'm very popular."
To say that Thor loved the humans dearly would be an understatement. His time on Midgard had developed in him a deep appreciation for the mortals. While Loki could never understand exactly what it was that made his brother adore them so much, he had to admit that in the short time he'd spent with humans, he'd seen their insatiable curiosity and their unrelenting tenacity, qualities he could appreciate. 
But humans weren't the issue.
"Let me rephrase that: Do you really think it's a good idea to bring me back to Earth?" 
He didn't want to go back to Earth. Not only was it terribly thought-out and a bright and clear invitation for further hassle, it was a stark reminder of everything that had come... before. After everything that had happened, after everything he had done, he couldn't face going back.
He knew quite well he was needed to rebuild New Asgard, but the thought of it made him want to run.
And the Tesseract's inviting hum resonating from his dimensional pocket did absolutely nothing to assuage that urge.
If only he'd not been weak enough to succumb, it would never have happened. If only he'd been clever enough to find a way to escape. If only—

If only he had never let go.

"Probably not, to be honest, but I wouldn't worry Brother, I feel like everything's gonna—"
His head was suddenly struck by sharp, excruciating pain. He let out a blood-curdling scream.

If you fail, there will be no realm, no barren moon, no crevice —


"I assure you brother, the sun will shine on us again."


He could taste the metallic tang of blood in his throat. Smell the fear, the death that surrounded him.

Thor, his brother, his crimson blood on his scarred face, chained, defeated, was writhing in agony, helpless and desperate, his head clutched by —

There he was. Thanos.


"I know what it's like to lose—"


Screams of horror, of agony, of pain, filled his ears.


You think you know pain?


"—to feel so desperately that you're right and to fail, nonetheless—"

"—Odinson,  the rightful King of Jotunhiem, God of Mischief, do hereby pledge to you, my undying fidelity."
He was in the Mad Titan's fatal grasp, flailing in his hold helplessly,  gasping futilely for precious air —

He will make you long for something as sweet as pain—

His world was going dark. Dark and black. Black as the Void. The world was fading; his life was fading, and he couldn't breathe—

"You... will... never be... a god —"


"——Ki!"

"——Ki! Loki! Brother!" He flung open his eyes in alarm and sat up swiftly, terror evident on his face, his heart pounding, his breath irregular, only now becoming aware that he had fallen on the floor, to see Thor sitting beside him, brows furrowed with anxiety. 
"Brother! Are you all right?"
"I — He–he's coming — " Loki gasped for breath, voice full of sheer, unmasked dread. 
No, no, no, this couldn't be happening. After all these years? After he thought he was gone for good? After he finally thought he was free? When he was finally starting to heal? When he was finally starting to hope?
"Thano — The Mad Titan— He–he's coming for— he's here for me —" Loki slowly turned his head towards the window of The Statesman, bracing himself for the inevitable.
And through it, he saw... Nothing?
The massive form of The Sanctuary II, Thanos' ark, was nowhere to be seen. He only saw what he had been seeing before — the endless expanse of the Void. 
No, he would come. Soon. 
Dread it, run from it, destiny arrives all the same, a voice whispered in his head.
"Who? Loki. Loki, look at me." Thor said, "All right, calm down, calm down, just breathe." Loki inhaled sharply and forcefully, tears threatening to spill down his cheeks. His heart was hammering in his chest, adrenaline pulsing through his body.
Not knowing what else to do, Thor carefully pulled his trembling brother into a soft embrace, perhaps the first one they'd had in years.
He was coming. The Mad Titan was coming to get him. Loki knew it. What he'd just seen — the Norns had just given him a glimpse of his Fate. 
He was living on borrowed time.
"I— I— Thanos—" he swallowed, one hand involuntarily gripping Thor's leather vest.
And it would all be over soon 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Canonical ships
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Compliant
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Fluff
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Protective Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Or Rather He Tries To Be
He Does Need To Learn a LOT though
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Fix-It of Sorts
Tony Stark Has Issues
Time Travel
Unreliable Narrator
Marvel 616 References
Marvel Norse Lore
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Precious Peter Parker
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Minor Character Death
Technically Thor: Ragnarok Compliant But in a Slightly Dodgy Way
By Which I Mean The Plot Stays the Same
But We Ignore the Existence of Dudebro Thor
Worldbuilding
Yes Beta We Live Like Loki Does Every Single Time
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Implied/Referenced Torture
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Fantastic Racism
Asexual Loki (Marvel)
Aromantic Loki (Marvel)
Additional Warnings In Author's Note

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Canonical ships
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

