Work Text:
“I wasn’t hiding it from you.  Honestly, I didn’t know for certain until yesterday, which I think we can agree was bad timing and not the sort of thing one springs before the heat of battle,” Charles says earnestly.Erik evidently does not agree, judging from the twitch of his jaw and the rattle of everything metal in the room.“Prior to that, I was actually slightly concerned that I was experiencing side effects from Cerebro, or perhaps had a tapeworm,” Charles continues.  “I could feel it, you see, and it wasn’t as if I had all the data, so perhaps you can forgive me for jumping to some less exotic explanations, although genetically speaking--”“You can feel it?” Erik says hoarsely.Charles rests one hand on his stomach.  “Not -- not physically,” he says.“My god,” Erik says, and looks like he is genuinely in danger of vomiting, which is completely ridiculous, because if anyone has the right to vomit, it’s Charles.  He tries to remember if his mother ever told him anything about morning sickness during about her pregnancy.  It might shed some light on what he’s in for, but since this would actually have required his mother to talk to him, he comes up empty-handed.“At any rate, Hank thinks I’m about two and a half months along, so I don’t imagine I’ll be feeling the baby move for a while yet,” Charles says, although he’s mostly bullshitting because he read exactly one book on gestation, which was enough for him to tell Raven that she probably didn’t want any part of that until she was at least thirty, or perhaps never.Erik had taken off that terrible helmet on the beach when Charles had given him one extremely good reason not to kill a lot of people, but Charles resisted the urge to peek to see what specifically was underneath Erik’s anger and confusion.“How long do you think you’ve been able to--” Erik trails off.Charles coughs.  “Well, although our immediate evidence seems to suggest that many mutations manifest at puberty, others are clearly present at birth -- Raven, for example.”“And it’s never come up before?” Erik asks.“Well, of course it hasn’t, it’s not like I -- that is, you know I was a--”Erik knows precisely, and the self-satisfied quirk to his lips is simultaneously stupidly attractive and intensely aggravating.“My point is,” Charles says, enunciating, “you got me into this.  You’d better take some responsibility.”He expects an argument -- he expects Erik to lash out with bitter cold words, to act out of the same fear that has driven Erik for more than a decade, a fear not extinguished with Shaw’s death.But instead Erik pulls him close, hands shaking where they clasp him, terribly, carefully gentle.  “Charles,” Erik says, and his voice is a low murmur felt more than heard, and Charles takes a moment to be grateful that he’d been grossly exaggerating when he’d told Erik those months ago that he knew everything about him.***At this point, Charles should probably know to be careful what he wishes for -- which is to say, his elation at Erik agreeing to take responsibility should have been tempered by the realization that Erik was going to interpret that promise extremely broadly.The mutant who calls himself Azazel takes them as far as Miami, before announcing that he is inclined to part ways.  They end up at in a set of rooms that Eric procures with an enviable command of Spanish, and then Erik begins what he does best: making terrifying plans.“We need to go to ground for awhile,” Erik announces.  “Preferably in another country.  I know a place in Canada--”“Canada?” Alex says incredulously, as if Erik had suggested they make camp on the moon.“Really, Erik, I think we can safely return to the mansion, don’t you?” Charles says.Erik frowns.  “Charles, it’s hardly secure.  The CIA is going to figure out that we made it off that beach alive, and from there, it’s not much of a stretch to think where we might go.”Charles bites his lip, because it’s not that he can’t see the sense in Erik’s reasoning.  Still -- “I was really rather hoping to go home,” he says quietly.Suddenly everyone in the room is pretending like they did not just look in the direction of Charles’ stomach, except for Sean, who says, “I dunno, kind of sounds like a bad--” before Alex claps a hand over his mouth.Erik, in particular, looks stricken.  “Charles, be reasonable, it’s not safe--”It could be, Charles thinks at him.  Moira could take care of it.Only if you take care of Moira when she’s done, Erik thinks, along with a vague impression of Charles wiping away memories.Charles closes his eyes in grief, but even without Erik radiating all of his long-stymied protective impulses, he would know that anonymity was the best protection they had.“We’ll go to the mansion,” Erik says finally.  He looks at Angel and Riptide.  “We’re all mutants, we’re all in this together.  Come with us.”“You couldn’t protect us before,” Angel says, her voice cracking in pain and defiance.  “What makes you think you’ll do any better this time?”Riptide say
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Mpreg
Alternate Universe - Canon

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

