Work Text:
“I can’t get drunk,” Steve reminds everyone ruefully when Thor comes back from Asgard with a barrel full of mead.Thor waves him off. “Asgardian mead is a fine drink,” he says jovially, “Its intoxicating effect is merely an additional draw.” His smile widens as he pushes a stein into Steve’s hands. “Drink! You will see.”“C’mon Cap,” Clint wheedles. “We’re not planning on getting drunk.  We’ll restrain ourselves, just for you.”“The drink itself is not what inebriates the drinker.   The drink merely adjusts itself to the drinker’s desires: it will not do anything that you do not want it to,” Thor explains. “See?” Tony chimes in.   “Nothing to worry about.”Steve shrugs because the others are already murmuring in agreement.   What the hell? he thinks as he takes a drink and—wow, Thor’s right.  It’s delicious.  Sweet, but not cloying.   It tastes like honey, spiced with something that Steve can’t quite identify.“Thor, this is great!” he says before taking another long swallow. “You should have brought some by sooner.”Thor laughs and claps him on the shoulder. “I would not lead you astray!”The others take it slow, just as they had promised, but all of them had said they have no intentions of getting drunk tonight, so it isn’t like it really matters anyway.   Steve’s not exactly sure how the drink works.   Bruce murmurs something about gods and magic, and Steve isn’t certain as to just how much either of them apply, but he figures it isn’t something he should bother dwelling on.   He eagerly accepts a refill when Thor offers, though the others are still working toward the halfway point.“Your cheeks are looking a little rosy,” Natasha says, smiling over the rim of her own stein.Steve huffs and reaches up to touch his face: it feels warm under his fingertips, and he realizes he’s starting to get a little hot under the collar.   “Still gets the blood flowing I guess.”“That’s adorable,” Tony declares, staring avidly.  The man leans forward in his seat.Steve feels the heat in his cheeks grow even stronger, pleased and embarrassed all at once.   Over the last eight months he’s developed the worst kind of crush on Tony, and even the slightest bit of attention from the man makes Steve’s heart skip.   He takes another drink in an attempt to hide his reaction and to avoid Natasha’s knowing smirk.They’re arguing about what languages are the most difficult to learn a few minutes later when Steve realizes that not only does he feel warm, he’s also loose and happy.  He blinks at the almost empty stein in his hand and then glances up at Thor, a wondering sort of surprise blooming in his chest.Thor catches his look and he winks back.  “Another?” he offers. “Please,” Steve says, nodding eagerly.  He may actually be getting a buzz—the first time since he had gotten the serum.   He can’t quite believe it, and he forces himself to rein in the excitement that surges through him.   It’s just wishful thinking, is all.“Whoa,” Tony says, with a dramatic wave of his hands, “are we gonna have to cut you off, Rogers?”Sheepishly, Steve swallows the mouthful of the newly-refilled glass he’s already gulped down half of.   He gingerly wipes at the wet ring around his lips. “No, no.   I’m fine.”Everyone laughs and he sets aside the stein, chastising himself.   What was he thinking?  Even if he could, he shouldn’t be getting drunk.But ten minutes later when he gets up to take a trip to the head, everything wobbles and he grabs a hold of the back of Bruce’s chair to keep from tripping and falling onto his face.“Steve, are you all right?” Bruce asks, concerned.The sensation passes quickly, but his hands and feet feel far off.  He licks his lips and realizes they’ve gone a little bit numb.  Startled, he says, “I think I’m drunk.”Tony lets out a bark of laughter. “What? Really?”A sly grin spreads across Thor’s face. “Aye? As I said, Asgardian mead is a fine drink.”“No shit,” Steve replies fervently, and then blushes at the laughter that his swearing garners.“Oh my god,” Clint says. “I’m sober as hell and for once I could not be happier.  This is gonna be fantastic.”“I need to pee,” Steve announces.“Sure you don’t need any help?” Tony calls after him, and Steve’s just sober enough to bite back a reply of: “No, why don’t you come give me a hand?” 
  Tony falls silent after the remark, but Steve’s too preoccupied with his bladder to think twice about it. 
He’s slow on the trip to the bathroom, limbs heavier than normal.  He has one hand against the wall to keep him steady as he relieves himself.  Then he washes his hands and stares at his own blushing face in the mirror.  He can’t tell if his eyes seem dilated or not.  He prods at his lips, and grins at the the way they tingle around the edges.  He really might be drunk!“There you are,” Tony says when Steve reemerges in the living room. “We were thinking about sending a search party.”Steve grins and drops into the empty chair beside him, flinging his arms out when it rocks back on two legs.“Whoa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
blushing Tony
Flirting
Fluff
Drunk Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

