Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony huffed softly as he dug through the piles of discarded rations, looking for anything of use. He had a dirty backpack strapped to his back, filled with different supplies that he needed. Blankets, some food, a canteen with water inside it. He found a first-aid kit and quickly scrambled for it, opening it up. All of the Tylenol was missing but everything else was there. He put it in his bag.The omega’s head snapped up when he heard papers rustle behind him. He was up in an instant, gun drawn and pointed at the small group of people approaching from the front of the store. Their smell alone told him two of them were alphas and the third was a beta.“Hey,” one of them - a tall blond - soothed, his hands out to show he wasn’t holding a weapon. “It’s okay, we don’t wanna hurt you.”“You all alone?” The brunet alpha took a few steps forward and immediately had a gun pointed right at him.“Stay away from me,” Tony snarled, a whining hiss making it’s way out of his throat. He was shaking slightly, his grip on the gun still tight.“You’re okay, I promise. We can help you,” the beta murmured soothingly, though he didn’t get close to him.“I don’t want your help, I want you to leave me alone.” Tony bared his teeth at them and slowly started making his way towards the back door. He didn’t find nearly enough food but it wasn’t the first time and it wouldn’t be the last. He watched them closely until he was at the door and then he booked it, heading straight for the woods and back to his campsite.He took the long way back to his camp just to make sure the unfamiliar trio didn’t follow him, making his anxiety rise the longer he was away. He’d set up inside a cave that had thick lichen covering the mouth, keeping him effectively hidden.Him and his pups.Tony made his way to the back of the cave where his two pups were wrestling in the nest, growling and nipping at each other playfully. He purred as he knelt down beside them, pulling a blanket out of his bag and adding it to their nest. A stuffed bear also joined the nest much to Peter’s delight, the little boy immediately wiggling out from under his brother to latch onto the toy.“You like it, bambino?” Tony asked, crawling into the nest and curling around both of his pups.“Love it, mama,” he purred, nuzzling against the omega’s throat. Harley crawled over and nuzzled against his mother’s chest, sniffing out for the milk scent. It was faint now that the boys were almost four, but it still lingered.“Are you hungry, little one?”Harley nodded his head and pawed at his mother, who chuckled and removed his jacket and shirt. His eldest pup immediately latched onto a nipple and started suckling, followed by Peter a moment later. He pulled both pups into his lap as he sat up, holding them close while they fed. He didn’t know how much longer he could support them with milk.They suckled for awhile before they fell asleep against his chest, Peter sucking on his thumb while Harley snuffled and snored softly. He leaned back against the pillows and dozed with them.Tony woke a few hours later when he heard shuffling outside of the cave. The scent of alpha and beta drifted through the lichen and he swore softly, laying his pups down and pulling his shirt back on. He grabbed his gun and pointed it at the lichen, placing himself between his pups and the mouth of the cave.The scent of omega filled his nose and his brow furrowed as a blond omega pushed his way through the lichen, empty hands up. He kept his scent soft and soothing, trying not to irritate or pressure Tony into acting rash.“My name’s Clint,” the blond murmured, stopping a good few feet away from Tony’s nest. “What’s your name?”“T-Tony. What do you want?”“We just wanna help, Tony. Bucky caught your milk scent and no pack scent, figured you were out here by yourself with young pups,” Clint explained to him, smiling softly. “Looks like he was right. What’re their names?”“Harley and Peter. We- I don’t need your help,” the brunet said, taking a step back to be closer to his babies. “I can smell the alphas out there.”“You don’t like alphas?”“In my experience, groups of alphas only want one thing from omegas,” he growled. He heard a whimper behind him and turned back to his pups, Peter wriggling around in search of his mother’s warmth. Harley snuffled again and blinked open his eyes, looking around blearily.“Mommy,” the younger of the two whined, reaching out his arms. Tony picked him up in one arm, nuzzling his face and scenting over him protectively. He kept his gun trained on Clint, hiding his pup’s face in his shoulder. Harley wrapped his arms around one of his mother’s legs.“Tony, I promise you we only want to help you. Steve would rather cut off his own arm than touch an omega who didn’t want him,” the blond man told him seriously. “I’ve got pups too, three of them, and I’ve been raising them with this pack since my youngest was born.”Tony bit his bottom lip nervously, tightening his hold on Peter. He cou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Apocalypse
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Bonding
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Widow Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
what a mom
Protective Tony Stark
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Alpha/Alpha/Omega
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
Omega Clint Barton
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Beta Sam Wilson
Mpreg
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Cute Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Parent Bucky Barnes
Parent Steve Rogers
Big Brother Peter Parker
Big Brother Harley Keener

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

