Work Text:
Tony is just over 17 years old when he starts hearing voices. Well, okay, it’s really just a voice, singular, but that doesn’t stop him from immediately freaking the fuck out.His first thought is that the pressures of being a genius billionare teenage superhero philanthropist must have finally driven him over the border to Crazytown. His second is, geez, I thought insanity would be more interesting than this, because they’re mainly just random snippets of completely mundane things like where to buy milk and the best kind of laundry detergent.He Googles ‘voices in my head’, wikiwalks into ‘auditory hallucinations’ and ‘schizophrenia’, and promptly descends into a black hole of hypochondria. Two weeks later, he’s holed up in his room and has almost convinced himself to never come out again when Pepper bursts in and demands to know ‘what the heck is wrong with you Tony, really, this is weird even for you and I was there for that thing with the pumpkin and the goats’.So because Pepper is his best friend and deserves to know all his deepest darkest secrets, he confesses to her that he’s hearing some guy inside his head and he’s terrified he’s going insane. He’s mortally offended when she stares at him for about twenty seconds then starts laughing so hard she nearly falls over.‘All those IQ points, and no brain space saved for pop culture,’ she says, once she’s regained the ability to form words again. Tony sulks in his chair, pointedly not looking at her.‘Seriously, if you’d ever watched a rom com once in your life-‘‘-you know I refuse to support the romance-industrial complex-‘‘-you’d have realised what was happening,’ she finishes, looking serenely smug. ‘Although I guess you’re younger than usual, probably why your Googling didn’t turn up anything, but you always have to be precocious, don’t you?’Tony stares at her.‘You know what this is?’‘Of course I do,’ Pepper says dismissively, tossing her hair. ‘You, my friend, have a soulmate.’ ~ Pepper spends the rest of the evening explaining the concept to him in excruciating detail, since Tony apparently grew up in a romanceless wasteland (her words) and has no idea what the hell she’s talking about.Soulmates are rare, maybe one in a thousand people, maybe less – no one’s really sure. Between the ages of eighteen to twenty, they start hearing another person’s voice in their head. And somewhere in the world, that person is hearing their voice too.The rarity of soulmates means that often, they never meet. When they do, however, it’s the kind of thing mythologised in song and story – one touch and they love each other forever, for the rest of their lives, never to be parted.Pepper’s starry eyed as she chatters on and on about how romantic the whole thing is, and how much she’d love to have a soulmate, and how lucky Tony is. Tony sits in silence, running the numbers in his head.He thinks of the vast number of people in the city – in the world – who are English-speaking men of, at a guess, twenty to twenty five. He thinks of the number of people he will realistically meet in his lifetime. He calculates the (low, vanishingly low) odds of him ever meeting the person speaking in his head.He thinks of living his whole life knowing there’s someone out there for him, who would love him just as he is, unconditionally, forever, and never meeting that person through a quirk of geography.He thinks, Fuck that noise.‘Thanks, Pep,’ he says, cutting her off mid-gush. ‘Appreciate the infodump. Listen, can you leave me alone for a bit?’Pepper narrows her eyes at him. ‘What are you up to, Tony?’He rubs his hands together gleefully, the spark of creation already gleaming in his eyes. ‘I’m going to try science.’ ~ It takes him four months of coding and wrangling voice synthesisers and more caffeine than a human being should be able to consume, but at the end, he’s done it.Tony’s new creation is essentially the bastard child of a voice search engine and a dating website. You upload a recording of your voice, saying a standardised sentence. The site then walks you through a series of audio clips and questions, identifying the gender, nationality, and rough age of the voice in your head. He’s even got it down to regional accents in some places.It then finds the people who match your inner voice on the site and lets you hear their recordings. If you both think that you hear your match, you can set up a meeting.He calls it JARVIS (Justified Analysis of Regional Variance In Syntax), sets it up online, and crossposts to every tech forum he can think of. ~ The site goes viral within the week. Tony makes the front page of every magazine in North America (Pepper frames the one calling him a ‘charming teenage cyber-cupid’, because she is evil). Within the first few months, more than three hundred people from all around the world have found their soulmates using JARVIS. Tony keeps a counter at the bottom of the webpage for when he needs a nice little ego boost.(JARVIS is, unfortunately, also
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmates
Hearing Voices
Alternate Universe - Soulmates

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

