Work Text:
“What we need,” said Bucky, fanning himself with a magazine, “is a fire escape. Sit outside, catch a breeze, cool down. Why doesn’t SHIELD send someone to fix your goddamn AC?”“SHIELD has better things to do,” Steve said. He looked down at Bucky, lying on the floor. Bucky had stripped down to his boxer shorts, but he still wore his hoodie and glove.  “Why don’t you put on a t-shirt?”Bucky snagged the pitcher of lemonade, dripping with condensation, and held it to his red cheek. He always wore the sweatshirt and glove when he wasn’t on missions, and often when he was on them, too. (“No need to warn the bad guys that we’ve unleashed the secret weapon,” Bucky once told Steve, tugging on his glove to make sure no glint of metal showed around his wrist. “You didn’t hide your arm when you attacked us,” Steve said. “That was different,” Bucky said. “That wasn’t supposed to be stealthy. You don’t become a legendary ghost assassin by waving around your fucking metal arm like a calling card.”) Even the breeze from the electric fan felt hot on Steve’s face. He nudged Bucky gently with his foot. “You’ll be cooler,” he urged. Bucky propped himself up to take a swig of lemonade from the pitcher and ignored Steve. “Or a fire hydrant,” Bucky said. “We could knock the top off one of those things and run around in the spray, like when we were kids.” He was silent a moment, shifting the pitcher from cheek to forehead. “Or ice cream,” he said. “I think I have some left in the freezer,” Steve said. “I ate it for lunch,” Bucky said. He tossed the crumpled magazine across the room. “Soviets made it better.” Steve didn’t want to get into an argument about what the Soviets did better, so he didn’t reply. Instead he shifted the electric fan on the table with his foot, as if he might somehow move it to a pocket of air that was actually cool. It was embarrassing, really, how dependent he had become on the air conditioner. As Bucky pointed out, they had lived through weather like this just fine when they were kids. Well, more or less fine. The heat tended to make Steve’s asthma worse. But now that he no longer had asthma, he ought to be able to deal. “Or an ice truck,” Bucky said now. “Run after the ice man and beg ice chips off him. Physics be damned, I swear they were colder than the kind you keep in your fridge.” Steve wondered sometimes if Bucky really remembered these things, or if he just cribbed this stuff off some website (probably with a title like “Stuff kids did for fun in Brooklyn back in the bad old days”) and tossed it scattershot at Steve to see what stuck. “I couldn’t run after an ice truck,” Steve reminded him. “Asthma.”“Oh,” said Bucky. “Well. Wouldn’t be a problem now.” Steve tilted his head back on the couch cushion and closed his eyes. A tiny breeze riffled the curtains. They both looked up hopefully, but the sky remained cloudless: no sign of the cooling rain that the meteorologists so confidently promised. Bucky shifted the lemonade pitcher to his other cheek. Steve closed his eyes and tried to will himself to sleep. “I got a funny story about a fire escape,” Bucky said. Steve opened his eyes, then squeezed them shut again. “Is it actually funny? Or does it end with you shooting someone?” “Not all my funny stories end with me shooting someone. The one where I killed the gulag commander with an icicle is pretty hilarious.” Steve covered his eyes with a forearm. “No. No, it really isn’t. Especially not when you imitate his death throes.” “He deserved it,” Bucky replied. He propped himself up on his elbows, getting ready to argue, then collapsed back to the hardwood floor. “You don’t like any of my funny stories,” Bucky said, and consoled himself by finishing off the lemonade. “I like the funny stories that are actually funny,” Steve said. “The one where you used an ice cream truck as a getaway vehicle, that one’s fine.” “Not as funny as the one where I chased the guy through Tblisi,” Bucky retorted. “No,” said Steve. “You don’t even like the part where I shoot a single lock of hair off his head to let him know I’m still there? Come on. That part is great. He just about shit himself.” “No,” said Steve again. In between the heat and Bucky’s glee, he was beginning to feel a little sick. “For Christ’s sake, Buck, go put on a t-shirt. You’re going to get heatstroke in that sweatshirt.” Without a word, Bucky set the lemonade pitcher on the coffee table, rolled to his feet, and headed for his room. Steve sat up. “Wait - “ he started; but Bucky shut the bedroom door firmly behind him. Steve fell back on the couch and smacked the heel of his hand against his forehead. Direct orders. Bucky still followed direct orders like that, immediately and without complaint; Steve tried not to give them, but sometimes they slipped out -No, it hadn’t slipped out. Steve ordered him away on purpose, because he couldn’t handle it when Bucky talked like (a bully) - Steve shoved the thought away. - when Bucky talked so callously, as
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Scars

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

