Work Text:
It’s six in the morning on a Tuesday, and Clint is standing in line for rocket-fuel coffee in an annoyingly twee new coffee shop a couple blocks over from his building, proof that the hipsters are finally starting to push in from Williamsburg. Last week, he was three weeks into a deep cover mission that was suddenly and unceremoniously aborted; while on the transport back to New York HQ, he received a completely baffling and terrifying SHIELD alert that Captain America was a priority red fugitive (armed and dangerous, shoot on sight, what the actual fuck). In the middle of debriefing, half of the onsite agents suddenly turned on the other half, and he had to help Agent Woo fight off a bunch of former colleagues who were apparently HYDRA sleeper agents the whole time (not enough what the fuck in the world), and as soon as they were able to stop for breath it was only to see the Triskelion get destroyed by a crashing helicarrier on CNN, which by that point wasn’t even that surprising. As if that wasn’t enough, in the five days since then, in between bursts of frantic, desperate activity, he’s watched his best friend tell Congress to fuck off (group text from Tony: “I told you they were assclowns”); he’s learned that his second-favorite handler was a Nazi double agent; and he’s slept a grand total of about fifteen hours, most of it on transports. 
It’s been a long week, is the point, and Clint just really needs to drink a very large cup of coffee before he goes home to take a caffeine nap and maybe shower before he shows up at the Tower for Tony’s latest Avenger meeting (meeting topic “NO SERIOUSLY WHAT THE FUCK”; sometimes he really loves Tony.)
He’s trying not to think about the casualty lists, and especially not Director Fury. Most senior SHIELD agents loved and hated the Director in equal measure, because he was an absolutely ruthless son of a bitch who lied and manipulated as easy as breathing, but he also protected his people, listened to them and backed their plays, and he didn’t care if you didn’t fit into the traditional mold, like maybe you preferred a paleolithic weapon to a nice ordinary rifle, or you were a brainwashed Russian assassin who had tried to kill him, or you sometimes turned into a giant green monster and broke part of a city; you could still find a place in SHIELD. Director Fury was a fact, the center of the earth, solid and unshakeable, and a world where he is dead just doesn't make sense.
All this is to say that Clint’s maybe not at his best at the moment, so when the girl in front of him in line gets her order and turns around and squeals “Clint? Oh my God! Come here, you can have this one, we have got to talk, what have you been doing all this time?” and grabs his wrist and tows him out of line into the blind corner behind the stand with stirrers and napkins and shit, he actually squints at her face for a minute trying to figure out where he knows her from before he really sees her—eyes red and face pale under heavy makeup, smile stiff, body tense—and a cold jolt of adrenaline washes the fog out of his head.
He’s never met her before in his life, but he knows desperation when he sees it. Of course, it’s possible that she’s a HYDRA assassin—there’s a lot of that going around—but unless she’s going to try to take him out with a hazelnut macchiato, he thinks it’s safe to play along for long enough to see what she wants.
“Oh, hey!” he says. “It’s, um…”
“Skye,” she says. “We met at Peter Clark’s Fourth of July cookout last year?” and Clint freezes, because that is an old Delta passcode that only three people ever knew, and one of them is him and one of them is dead.
“Oh, right, of course!” he says, giving the girl (and what kind of alias is “Skye,” anyway?) the world’s least convincing flirtatious grin. “It’s been a while. I’d love to catch up.”
“That’d be great,” she says, eyes darting around the shop. “Maybe we could go somewhere a little more private?”
“Walk with me, Skye,” he says. “I know just the place.”
He takes her home. It might be stupid of him, but it’s got good security and a Starktech anti-surveillance package and multiple weapon caches, and the more he watches Skye the more she looks like a stiff breeze might blow her over, so he’ll take the chance. She follows him in silence, the flirty pick-up banter abandoned, and when they finally get to his apartment she folds down onto the couch in a heap, head in her hands.
He watches her for a minute; her fingers are trembling. “You wanted to talk,” he says at last. “So, talk. Maybe start with who you really are, how you know me, and where you learned that code.”
“I really am Skye,” she says. “I was a SHIELD agent, but then SHIELD tried to kill me, so I think I may be unemployed and/or on the lam.” She pulls out her phone and holds it up, showing him a photo of a SHIELD badge; sure enough, she’s listed as [NLN], Skye.
“You have a picture of your badge but not your actual badge?” 
She shoots him a disgusted look. “I may no
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Truth Serum
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Reunions
Reunion Sex
Fix-It
loose interpretation of Manhattan travel times
Crymaxing
Caretaking
Clint Needs a Hug
Phil Needs a Hug
Everyone Needs A Hug
Skye Saves The Day
Love Confessions
Dog Cops
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Avengers Tower
Marvel 616/MCU Crossover

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

