Work Text:
It was well past four in the morning when Wade slinked into Peter’s bedroom. Not that he technically belonged there, leaving smeared bloody foot prints on the floor as he was, but then again Peter wouldn’t leave his window unlocked if he didn’t want him coming in like this. Or so Wade’s thought process went and had been going for some time now and dear ol’ Spidey had only ever kicked him out once (well, plus the occasions when he got webbed to the floor, but those times he’s still INSIDE you see), so Wade figured it was okay. Besides, that’s what boyfriends did, right? Well—they weren’t technically that either—Wade just liked using the word, though neither of them had spoken it aloud. They kissed and cuddled and sometimes fucked if Peter was in some weird almost-died mood. Something like that. It was close to boyfriends, so Wade took what he could get.Boyfriend or not boyfriend, Wade liked to sneak into Peter’s bedroom at night. He was quiet though, not wanting to wake up the poor little Peter Parker from his sleep (with his fluffy hair and cute sleeping pants and the little spot of drool on his pillow that told Wade he had pretty much passed out from lack of actual sleep that week, he was just so cute when he was exhausted) as he stripped down very quietly out of his blood covered uniform and even set down his swords and guns all gentle-like on the web-crawler’s desk before grabbing up a Peter-approved towel to tip toe to the bathroom for a quick shower.Essentially he just stood there under the spray, letting the water run down his body getting off the bits of blood and dirt off until it ran clear down the drain. It was only then did he scrub up a little, using up a ridiculous amount of body wash that he loved and adored because it smelled like Peter (obviously, it’s his fucking shower, creep). Washing off, he did a once over of his body making sure all the gunshot wounds and other various injuries healed up nicely before he stepped out clean and smelling like an adorable spider as to not track any more blood onto his floor by accident, always getting yelled at for that in the morning.Now, here’s the part that if Wade were a decent human being instead of the piece of shit he is, he would slip his uniform back on (even if it was still dirty) and leave the way he came. If he was a better person, Wade would not have stopped at the edge of Peter’s bed and looked down to notice that—A)     Peter Parker had turned over to sleep on his stomachB)      He was shirtless, as usual, and those pajama pants looked like super soft cotton riding low on his hips all twisted in his sleep and currently pulled tight over his glorious assC)      The dim light from the street casting in from the window was doing wonderful things to make Peter glowD)     They were sort of boyfriends. Sort of boyfriends that had sex. And sort of boyfriend that wouldn’t mind if sex happened even if he was sleeping because his ass was up there on religious items that should be worshiped.Wade could continue on in that thought process all the way through Z and well into the numbers and all those weirdo symbols no one ever actually knew the names of unless they’re nerds in his endless poetry and praise of Peter sleeping and particularly Peter’s all too holy bottom, but that would mean he would have to think and, really, Wade Wilson was a man of action. A man of action with a killer boner who was currently drooling over a butt.And, okay, yes, his voices argued a little bit as they always did because Spidey was going to KILL us for this and he’s never going to leave his window unlocked and you’re already going to ruin the best thing we’ve got going for us so why not start now? But Wade had gotten pretty good at ignore them sometimes, particularly when those times involved Peter. By the time he shut them all out and got them to be quiet, Wade had already made up his mind and was kneeling on Peter’s bed, bracketing Peter’s legs in the perfect position to lean down and touch his ass. The only time it ever looked better was when he was wearing his skin-tight suit (and yes, Spidey did go commando Wade very proudly found out) or when he was wearing nothing at all, which was exactly how he saw this night ending.Wade got a little gleeful being this close to that ass, unable to stop himself as he gave the pajama-clad rum a little swat and watched it bounce and jiggle for him. He waited a moment after; making sure Peter was far off into his sleep before doing it again and suppressing a little squeal of joy as he did so. The third hit just wasn’t enough for him after that and all too quickly Wade was very gently easing down the waist band of Peter’s pajamas, letting them now rest right at the cress of his thighs as to expose Peter’s ass in all its glory. Dear lord, it was just perfect.Pale creamy skin that seemed to glow in the lamp light of the night, unmarked, plump, a perfect little bubble-butt from all the crime fighting Spiderman put it through ever
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
Somnophilia
Mildly Dubious Consent
Multiple Orgasms

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

