Work Text:
‘Message from Nova Prime.’ Peter drops into a seat at what is currently acting as a dining room table- he’s fairly sure ten minutes ago it was a bunch of boxes of ammunition but he’s choosing to ignore that fact and pretend the sheet is actually working- and looks around at his fellow Guardians.

‘Another milk run?’ Rocket is fiddling with something as he absentmindedly eats. Peter is also ignoring that; the no bombs at the table rule hadn’t even lasted a week. ‘We going to go to some poor planet and wipe kids noses again?’


‘That was one time!’


‘Yeah, and it paid shit.’


Drax looks up from his meal. ‘We were not paid in shit.’


Peter tries not to roll his eyes. Sometimes he’s sure Drax is doing this on purpose. ‘Metaphor buddy.’ He waits for Drax’s uncertain nod before he continues. ‘But this is better. Recovery mission.’


‘Oh sure, a recovery mission is going to be so much better.’


‘I am Groot.’ The treeman says from his seat, where he’s once again trying to escape his pot. Gamora, who is walking past with her own breakfast, pushes him back down into it and no one comments on Rocket’s small- and possibly grateful- nod.


‘No, you don’t get an opinion. Especially not one that agrees with him!’


‘Perhaps if we knew more Quill?’ Gamora asks as she sits down. ‘What do they need?’

He knew he liked Gamora best for a reason. Other than her being incredibly hot. ‘Simple check in and pick up. They’ve lost contact with a base two clicks from the Outer Rim. We’re to go see why and grab the data disc with the last month’s logs from the main station.’
‘Sounds simple enough.’ But even as she speaks, Gamora’s eyes are considering. She opens her mouth to speak.
‘How much?’ Rocket cuts her off but her nod indicates that was probably what she was going to ask.
‘Hundred thousand units for the check up. Fifty thousand more if we manage the retrieval.’ Everyone exchanges worried looks and Peter knows what they’re thinking. ‘Yeah, I know it’s high-’
‘Too high. They’re not telling us something.’
‘I am Groot.’ Peter doesn’t need Rocket to translate to know Groot is agreeing with his friend.
‘I know guys! But it’s the first decent paying job we’ve had in weeks that’s even slightly legal and it’s us. We can do anything.’
The rest of his team gives Peter incredulous looks but Gamora’s is considering and Rocket has that greedy glint in his eye.
They’ll do it, Peter’s sure of it.
*********
‘Nova Base, this is the Milano. Do you copy?’
Still no response. Gamora and Peter exchange worried looks while Rocket goes back to fiddling with the Milano’s long range scanners, trying to improve them. They started hailing the base the moment they might have been in range and they’re now gotten close enough to see it without a single sign of life.
‘Nova Base, this is the Milano. We’re here under orders from Nova Prime; authorisation Nova One Nine Six Nine stroke Two Zero Zero Eight.’ Still nothing and Peter takes a deep breath. ‘Nova Base, this is the Milano. Please respond.’
‘Quill, you might wanna stop that hailing.’ Rocket’s eyes are wide as he reads whatever is on his screen.
‘You got something?’ Peter tries to look over at the screen while still maintaining control of the Milano.
‘Life signs.’ And Rocket sounds utterly defeated, so much so that Peter stops the Milano as fast as is possible so he can see the screen too. ‘About a dozen. But...’
‘What is it?’ Drax is shaking his head sadly and Gamora has buried her face in her hands. This has got to be bad. Especially as Peter is quite sure Nova Prime said the Base was staffed by over fifty people.
‘Message being broadcast faintly on the emergency channel.’ Rocket huffed. ‘Because instead of sticking it on all channels, these idiots stick it on the one channel that’s broadcast by a short range transmitter.’ He rolls his eyes. ‘It’s like they don’t want people to hear it.’
‘Perhaps they didn’t want people to hear it.’ Gamora offers.
‘What message is it?’ Peter will swear his voice doesn’t squeak in outrage. ‘I’m not flying my ship so I can see it, so can I see the message?’
‘Geez, no need to be rude about it.’ Rocket swipes at a screen and brings up and unmutes the message.
A young Xandarian, still wearing her Nova Corps uniform, appears on screen. Below her face, a subtitle identifies her as Corpsman Teil.
‘This is emergency protocol 13. There has been a base wide quarantine declared. I repeat, this is emergency protocol 13, we’ve declared a base wide quarantine.’ She looks the camera dead on. ‘We have a dozen confirmed cases of the Varicella spatium virus.’
‘Varicella spatium virus?’ Peter whispers over the Xandarian’s repeat of her message.
‘Space pox.’
‘Oh right.’ Suddenly the entire situation is crystal clear to Peter. ‘How old is this message?’
‘Three days old.’
‘Space Pox truly is a fast acting disease.’
‘Don’t I know it.’ Peter mutters, gripping the edge of Rocket’s seat so he doesn’t try and scratch at his scars. That had been one hell of a month.
The others give him 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Team Bonding
Hidden Talents

fandom: 
None
