Work Text:
 


157.

It's a hot, syrupy sort of summer day, the kind of day that makes you feel like you've been dipped in batter and are being fried alive.  The concrete shimmers under their feet as they make their way downtown.  Garbage is piled up at the edge of the sidewalks and the smell of it is everywhere.  There are flies in their apartment that are only just beginning to lose the war against the papers Steve hung up last week.  The apartment doesn't smell of garbage - they're up too high for that; it smells of other people's cooking instead - but it's miserably hot in there, unbearably hot, and when Bucky had asked last night, "Coney Island?" Steve had grumbled but finally, finally given in."It's my birthday," Steve is complaining, but he's saying it with a smile so Buck doesn't mind too much.  "Tomorrow," Buck says, even though his hand is rolled tight around the money in his pocket, weeks of squirreling away any extras, hiding dimes from Steve, the anticipation tugging at his stomach.  He feels like a little kid.  It's hard not to skip ahead.  The heat's better once they're on the train.  The windows are down and it's enough of a cross breeze that Steve finally lays off mopping the sweat off his face every five seconds.  They don't talk much.  With the windows open the clatter of the train across the wooden beams is deafening.  Steve pulls his sketchbook out of their duffle and starts doodling.  Bucky sits and watches the curve of his own hands appear on the page."Do those girls next," he urges, "the ones up at the front."  They're up on tiptoes, peering through the front window, shifting with the motion of the train.  Then, "that old man over there, with the big hat."  Then, "do one'a me winning the Strong Man competition."  Up close Steve smells like the cheap laundry soap he's smelled like since childhood, like the sweat Bucky can still see along his hairline, down the back of his collar.  He frowns and shoulders Bucky away when he leans in close.  "You're too hot, Buck," he says.  "Go bother those girls if you wanna get fresh with someone."By the time the train gets to Stillwell Avenue he's old friends with the girls, who are 19 and 20 respectively, and live in Manhattan, and have never, ever been to Brooklyn before.  Someone's obviously warned them against talking to strange men on a train but the younger one had looked Bucky up and down and decided he was okay.  They part on Mermaid Avenue with an address on 53rd scrawled in Steve's notepad and an invitation to come calling.  “Why didn’t you ask them to come with us?” Steve asks.  He looks genuinely curious.  At Steeplechase Park, Bucky shoulders Steve out of the way to drop fifty cents for the two of them.  The look on Steve's face is the highlight of his morning.  "Get used to it, Rogers," he says, "it's your birthday.""Tomorrow," Steve says, but he lets Bucky pull him into the Blowhole Theater, onto the Fairy Whip.  He hangs gamely onto the horse on the steeplechase ride.  He balks at the Parachute Jump, newly arrived from Queens.  Bucky'd been on it when it was at the World's Fair, had laughed all the way down as his sisters screamed into each ear.  They fall together in the Barrel of Love and tumble out still tangled up, giggling like kids.The boardwalk is stuffed full of people dressed in everything from their skin to their Sunday best.  Bucky wishes, envious, for a white straw Panama.  They squeeze onto a bench to watch the parade flow by.  Bucky buys corn on the cob from a passing cart, hands one over to Steve.  He licks stray drops of butter off his fingertips, looks over to find Steve watching him.  "Two months," Steve says.  "We ain't killed each other yet.""It's a marvel," Bucky agrees, although it's come close a few times.  Bachelor living has been a rough adjustment for Steve, who hasn't had tidiness drilled into him by Army living, but they've come to a hard earned truce about who does what around the place and why.  Pest control is Steve's problem; cooking and washing up is Bucky's.  Bucky's only hardship has been the endless, driving guilt from his mother, who is happy to have her couch back but thinks the $20 a month they give to Bucky's mother's uncle would be better spent saved."You don't even live there half the time," she says, which is true, but Rebecca, Esther and Frank don't live there at all, which gets him swatted with a dish towel when he says as much.They get changed and find a little patch of empty sand on the beach to pitch a blanket on.  It's getting on afternoon and the crowds on the beach are migrating back to shore, for hot dogs or cold beer or for more kiddie rides.  The water's still too thick with people for good swimming, so Buck pushes the duffle up under his head and closes his eyes.  Steve pokes him in the stomach and they negotiate the release of the sketchbook and the pencil Steve forgot to pull out of his pocket before he stuffed all his clothing away.  Crisis resolved, Bucky lays back down.  Afte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Brooklyn
Pre-War
Period-Typical Homophobia
Period-Typical Racism
Period Typical Attitudes
Animal Death
Jewish Character
Interfaith Character
Bisexual Male Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

