Chapter 1: You Don't Know What Love Is
    


Summary:

The Winter Soldier doesn't need anyone to protect him.



Notes:
Chapter title fromYou Don't Know What Love Is by Gene de Paul and Don Raye. (lyrics)It was hard finding a version of the song with the lyrics, but, here's what the lyrics would sound layered on top of the music above.




Chapter Text
The Winter Soldier doesn't need anyone to protect him.He is a highly trained, medically enhanced super assassin, and he is quite capable of taking care of himself.That is, at least, what he told himself when he left Captain America on the side of the river. Hydra doesn't own him anymore, and so he is free to do as he wishes.Though, it is harder than he thought it might be, having freedom and independence. He visited the Smithsonian, seeking answers from a display case and the picture of a stranger who wore his face. Is he Bucky Barnes?When he strains hard enough, or finds himself just on the edge of consciousness, it almost feels as if he could be. Fleeting glimpses of memories that do not belong to him. Of a familiar face, but smaller, and skinnier. These strange visions of the past are foreign and distant to the Soldier, but it is hard to ignore the feeling of peace they give him. Steve Rogers wants him to be Bucky Barnes. Bucky Barnes died a long time ago. Whether he used to be Barnes or not was irrelevant. He is the Winter Soldier, now.When the urge to see Steve and make sure he was still alive becomes too much to resist, he finds him and watches him. For the first few months it is somewhat tricky to locate him, even for the Asset. Rogers is keeping a low profile, him and the man with wings that the Soldier remembers fighting in the sky. They are looking for something, and it took a few weeks before he realized it is him. They never get close to finding him, of course. The Soldier leaves a lot of false trails for them to follow. A man at a bar who saw a stranger with a metal arm. The elderly motel owner who swears a man with dark hair and a hand that made odd noises had rented a room upstairs, paid in cash. It makes it easier to find him when he needs to see him.He knew him. It is oddly comforting, to realize someone cares enough to come looking for you. He doubts Rogers has any interest in him as a weapon. He isn’t searching for the Asset. He is looking for… for Bucky Barnes.But Bucky Barnes is dead. If Steve has no use for the Soldier, and Barnes is dead, then, why is he still searching?A few months later the Winter Soldier decides that is something he can use to his advantage.Steve Rogers isn’t the only one trying to find him, though he is the only one who probably didn't intend to imprison him once he did. Hydra is still searching for their strongest weapon, and the Soldier knows there are more close calls than he would like. Times where he can hear the boots on the stairs, even as he slips out the window or out across the roof. When he has to make a run for it, the screeching of tires not far behind.He is a capable assassin and he is much stronger and faster than any of the remaining agents Hydra can muster to capture him. But his body demands food, and rest, and it is during these times that he is vulnerable. He is hunkered down in the burned out shell of a warehouse on the outskirts of Harlem when they find him. The Soldier pushed himself to the brink of exhaustion before finally deciding to rest a few hours, and that weariness makes him even more vulnerable than usual. He does not hear the Hydra soldiers approaching, or the sound of a taser being charged, until the electrified prongs are buried in the flesh of his neck and several pairs of hands are grabbing for him. When he snaps to consciousness, it is to the sight of a black bag being shoved over his head, and the feeling of electricity numbing his body.He knows he has a very small window of time to escape before the safe word Hydra had implanted in him to shut him down is uttered, and it is with an edge of desperation that he launches into action. If they get him under their control, it's over, and he will become their Asset once more, and that is suddenly the very last thing he wants to happen.Metal fingers collide with the nearest moving object, and he cqn feel bone crunching beneath them as a pair of hands drop away from him. With a snarl and another carefully placed punch, he is unrestrained enough to be able to launch his body sideways and roll free of his captors, ripping the bag from his head so he can assess the situation.Two Hydra agents down, ten more trying to regain control of the Soldier, who takes one last look at them before launching himself out of the window. He tucks and rolls into the impact of the concrete three stories down, ignoring the incredible pain that blossoms in his shoulder as it takes the brunt of the fall, finding his feet and taking off at a sprint.He can't go back to Hydra, not now that he is starting to remember who he might be. It's winter, now, and snow mak
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Commission fic
Hurt/Comfort
First Time
Emotional Manipulation
Past Abuse
Past Torture
Happy Ending
Slow Burn
Flirting
Past One Sided Pining
Eventually Earns the Explicit Rating
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Romance
attempts at seduction
Awkwardness
Mistrust
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Developing Friendships
Psychological Trauma
Cuddling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

