Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter liked to keep the three parts of his life separate. Occasionally there was some crossover, but for the most part he managed. His boss didn’t know his secret identity, he made time to have lunch with Aunt May every Sunday, and his best friend didn’t know that Peter had a crush on him the size of Texas. Sometimes he’d think about how much easier it would be to have less secrets, but he always remembered how close his life had come to falling apart the last few times he chanced it. He was already struggling to control who knew his identity, adding more people to the mix would just make it more complicated. Besides, he’d been living a double life since he was fifteen, so he was more or less used to it.It was a risk to work for Stark Industries, but after spending years sneaking into college campuses to make his web fluid, having access to such an advanced lab was irresistible. He was even able to make some improvements to his suit, and he got full benefits. Suck on that, Jameson. His life was more stable than it’d been in years, considering the chaos of superherodom, and he was happy to keep it that way.So when Deadpool strode through the hallway outside of his lab on a random Thursday, Peter felt justified in his panic. The mercenary was whistling to himself, absolutely carefree while Peter stared.The morning had been otherwise normal. Peter had showed up five minutes late and gotten another lecture from Jen, his supervisor. He’d checked on the results of the tests that had taken all night to process before he started setting up the next batch of tests. It was routine work, but necessary. His mind had wandered to the weird guys he’d caught in the park the night before trying to perform some kind of summoning ritual, so he didn’t respond right away to the unusual sight.“Is that Deadpool?!” He heard Jen hop off her stool, which clattered to the floor. Peter was still too shocked to look away from his patrol partner walking down the hallway. That entire wall was made of glass, so the two of them were able to watch Deadpool disappear into a conference room a few doors down.Jen grabbed him by the arm and shook him. “Oh my god, Peter! Tony’s in there getting ready for a meeting! I saw him when I came in this morning. We’ve got to say something!”“Uh…” Peter really had no idea what to say. Tony typically treated Wade like something he found on the bottom of his shoe. But the only way Wade could get this far into the Tower was if Tony let him. “We should probably just focus on our work.”Jen gave him an incredulous look. “One of the most dangerous people in the city just walked into a room where he’s alone with Tony Stark, and you want to just ignore it? No way. We have to see what’s going on.”She started herding him into the hall. Peter was flustered enough to let her. While he wasn’t worried about Deadpool hurting Tony, he was worried about what they were talking about. Really, nothing good could come from the two of them being alone. Besides, he didn’t like Deadpool showing up where he worked. It was hard enough keeping his alter ego hidden from his boss, he didn’t know how well he could fool his best friend. After years of hanging out and patrolling together, Deadpool knew him ridiculously well and it was possible he’d see right through Peter if he wasn’t careful. It was a headache he didn’t need.Jen successfully bullied him in front of the door to the conference room. She pressed an ear to the wood in an effort to listen. Peter’s enhanced hearing picked up the occasional word, but he couldn’t make much sense of it. Then without warning, the door opened and Jen fell directly into Deadpool’s chest before Peter could catch her. She looked up and squeaked when her eyes met the whites of his mask.She immediately jumped back and straightened her lab coat with a huff. “Sorry, didn’t mean to fall on you.”“Don’t worry, ladies fall for me all the time. I’m used to it.” Deadpool giggled and posed like he was primping his hair, one hip cocked out. “I’m irresistible in all this red leather.”Jen seemed unsettled enough to step back until she bumped into Peter. She was a couple inches taller than him, so he was smacked in the face with her ponytail. He put a hand on her arm to steady her and get space enough to breathe.“So, what’s a little mouse like you doing over here? Could it be?” Deadpool gasped dramatically and put a hand over his mouth. “You were eavesdropping? For shame! Looks like you’ve got some flies in your tower, Tin Can.”Jen growled. “I’m not a mouse or a fly,” she snapped.“Mice, flies, spies-what’s the difference?”“I’m not a spy either!”Tony started pushing Deadpool down the hallway. “Quit harassing my employees. You have work to do.” He shot Jen and Peter a hard look. “And so do my scientists. Go on.”Deadpool skipped merrily to the elevator and shouted, “See you later, Mouse!” with a jaunty wave over his should
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Past Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson - Relationship
Past Peter Parker/Felicia Hardy
past Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Mutual Pining
Minor Violence
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Misunderstandings
Explicit Language
Identity Porn
Identity Reveal
pov switching
Parker Luck
it's practically it's own character lets be real
tony is nobody's side character
Mental Health Issues
I don't read comic books
The boxes are little gremlins
Canonical character deaths mentioned
they happened before the events in this fic
Aunt May is a national treasure
inaccurate portrayal of a mental hospital
the last chapter gets a little steamy but nothing explicit happens
there is a reference to deadpool's origins
he finds people in a similar situation and goes a lil crazy
it's very brief and there's a happy ending
So don't worry
THIS IS A HAPPY FIC
Currently under revision
re-edited version coming soon

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Past Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson - Relationship
Past Peter Parker/Felicia Hardy
past Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)

