Work Text:
 Bucky wants to ask for more, has wanted to since the instant the jet touched down, wanted to tear the uniform off Steve and get his mouth on every inch exposed. God, Bucky doesn't know how they waited.Their gear is all over the floor of the hallway, dented body armour and frayed holsters with their weapons still in them discarded, layers unbuckled and peeled off and thrown aside one by one leaving a trail ending at the bedroom. Each piece shed takes more and more of the adrenaline with it until the hard, brittle edge of the battle high is softened and they can reach for each other with desire rather than desperation.Steve's still so damn warm to the touch from the rush of the mission, that unbelievable strength coiled just under the surface where Bucky can feel it under his fingers. The serum burns like a furnace within him, like fire through him, and Bucky can't help how he wants to touch Steve everywhere, kiss every part of him, chase that heat as if it can burn the ice out of him, can cleanse him of the tinge of the Soldier that comes back whenever he gives himself over to the fight.They both smell like gun powder discharge and smoke and metal and faded fear but Bucky can't get enough, and it seems neither can Steve, something needful in him woken by the rush of a victory that was never a sure thing, his hands on Bucky's body as much as Bucky's hands are on his. Every inch of him where Steve's bared skin meets his own is alight, every inch of friction sets his every nerve on fire. It’s still not enough, but even as Bucky pulls them both up against the bedroom wall, opens his legs and lets Steve pin him there with his whole self, hands and body and heart—he can’t ask.The words are there, rising, but he can’t say them, he can’t. It doesn’t matter if Steve would probably say yes in an instant, would say yes to pretty much anything that Bucky can dream up. What matters is that he’d be asking for something selfish and he just can’t—Even as Steve bodily lifts him up the wall so Bucky can brace himself and wrap his legs around him, even as Steve’s slicked hand works into him and Bucky’s head slams back at the heady drag of those fingers, he can’t ask. When Bucky is open and ready Steve throws the little tube over his shoulder—lucky shot, it lands on the bed—and then he’s pushing carefully inside, breathless and eager, filling him completely Mary mother of God—Steve kisses him, unhurried, indulgent, and for a time it keeps Bucky from thinking too hard, from tensing while he adjusts to the girth of him. It hurts, just a little, when Steve starts a shallow rocking, steady and tentative—but he’s never cared about that and damn it, tentative isn’t what Bucky needs right now. It’s just not enough.He needs more, tonight. Bucky wants to drown, to be taken apart, but the words lodge in his throat, a spasm of fear he can’t quite quell. Under the throb and sensation he feels a dull, weary kind of hate for those that did this to him, beat the silence into him.Hollow, it makes him feel so damn hollow and frozen, ringing suddenly with deeper echoes of the Soldier. Echoes that he thought he might have finally buried, echoes that keep rising up and choking him when he can’t defend himself. Skin to skin with Steve, mouth to open mouth, joined together like this in the nearest thing he’s ever known to bliss, Bucky’s desperate not to let anything taint this. He won’t let that bitter tide anywhere near what they have together. He won’t.It makes him angry, what they took from him, how they twisted him, broke him, but that’s not what he feels fury for, real fury. More than anything it’s that the damage done to him won’t stay done to him alone, won’t stay within the lines of him. It splashes chaotic and crazed onto anyone who gets near him, still, a contagious emotional carnage that’s long outlived his choice to stop killing. That the people in this new life of his are so often collateral because of was done to him, that it can still make others suffer—make Steve suffer—it takes him beyond mere anger, makes him furious.But fury, well…fury can be used, even here. Bucky can turn that righteous rage around, carefully, aim it at himself like he’s been learning, until it overpowers that fragment of programming, the reflexive, nerve-deadening terror that won’t let him speak for himself. He lets that old hate ignite, lets it burn through him until it’s a rising, pent-up pressure in his chest, until it forces out—“I ain’t made of glass, damn it,” he gasps, “Even you can’t break me.” A tiny flare of triumph runs through him at the sound of his own voice, and he dares to lick a hot trail up Steve’s neck, mouths the skin behind his ear, kisses the corner of his jaw, pulls little noises out of him that make him even braver. “Harder,” he growls, low and urgent and Steve actually moans, “I wanna feel how strong you are. I wanna see you lose it—”“Jesus, Buck—”“I want harder, I want everything you got,” he pleads, decides he doesn’t care 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post CATWS
Post-Recovery Bucky Barnes
past trauma
Past Torture
Psychological Recovery
Healing
Steve Feels
Bucky Feels
oh so many feels
Love
Smut
Post-Mission Alone Time
Established Relationship
Things Are Said
...Did I mention the feels?
And the smut?

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

