Work Text:
//




//


“Under my tutelage, you’ll grow from boys into men, from men into gladiators, and from gladiators, into Swansons. Behold! The Swanson Pyramid of Greatness!”



- Ron Swanson, Parks & Rec 


//


(Book I: The Voyage / Book II: Hemispheres) 


//









//

Picture, if you will, a bed.

Now, picture, if you will, three women, one with red hair, one with blonde hair, and the other with raven-ish hair that probably trends more towards brunette, but we’ll go with raven because that makes the upcoming a bit easier to decipher. Picture, if you will, those three women, on a bed, naked, lying together, and picture the redhead and the blonde cuddled up - in a certain sense of the term - to the raven-haired woman, of whom is currently fingering them-

“M-Mama…”

-while the blonde moans the aforementioned. And now, with that overly lengthy tangent out of the way, it came to the attention of a certain metaphorical creator of worlds that were, worlds that are and worlds to be that at this very moment, Yelena Belova was alternating between being fingered by Melina Vostokoff, humping the woman in question’s fingers like her life depended on it, and sucking away at one of her breasts while moaning the word-

“Mama-”

-over and over and 

over 

with the sort of reverence usually reserved for the Pope. With a smile on her face and affection pulsing in her breast, Melina Vostokoff watched as her baby sisters fed from their eldest, moaning softly into her tits as she fingered them. On one side, Natasha clutched at one of her tits and sucked away with a certain sense of concentration, grinding her needy, wet cunt against Melina’s soaked fingers, and on the other, Yelena practically bounced atop her fingers, greedily sucking away at Melina’s other breast. The feeling of milk being sucked out of her made the older woman moan and shake, and it was to this sight-

-that Wanda Maximoff woke up to.

After approximately nine orgasms, give or take three-quarters and a few percentile, the brunette clawed her way out of that strange sleep-not-sleep that only being fucked into unconsciousness could possibly bring. With a soft little moan she sat up, rubbing blearily at her eyes, and-

“Hello cherub, did you sleep well?”

-had her attention pulled in the direction of the writhing, moaning, fucking trio of sisters. Astonishment began to flit through Wanda’s freshly-woken mind, and she stared at the sight with perhaps a bit more gobsmacking than was entirely necessary. Before her, Natasha - Wanda’s girlfriend, arguably the most serious Avenger and probably the most mature one of them all - moaned and squirmed like a little girl, humping Melina’s fingers, but that wasn’t the surprising part. What surprised her was how Natasha suckled Melina’s breast, the older woman moaning softly with pleasure as her redheaded baby sister did what a newborn would’ve been doing. 

“I...I did, yes. Thank you.” Wanda murmured, as she stared at the sight, transfixed by the way that Natasha and Yelena moaned and humped their big sister, the way they moaned and keened letting her know they were close. As the two sisters came, moaning and shaking for Melina, Wanda felt residual heat begin to pool between her legs. She gazed upon the sight for a moment more, before excusing herself. As she got up and padded away a bit faster than was entirely necessary, Melina’s voice cut through her haze of astonishment.

“Come back when you’re done, my little cherub, and don’t put on any clothes.” 

Pausing for just a moment, Wanda nodded and did just that. A little part of her was surprised that she was obeying the directives of the older woman, but something in Melina’s voice seemed to set a fire alight in Wanda’s spine, a drive to obey, to follow the commands of the older woman. So she cleaned herself up a bit, to the specifications defined by Melina, and went right back to the bedroom. 

The scene had changed, so to speak, Natasha and Yelena were now simply snuggled up against their older sister, mewling and humming contentedly as they came down from their highs. Yelena’s eyes were half-lidded and she was yawning, and Natasha looked as if she was attempting to catch some sleep. With a confident, lazy smile, Melina watched as Wanda stepped into the room, her lips curling up-

“Come to bed, my sweet cherub.”

//









//

-and a command issuing forth. 

Wanda obeyed, hopping onto the bed and folding her hands unto her lap, watching as Melina pressed a kiss to Yelena’s forehead and then lifted her up, gently setting the blonde next to her sleeping redheaded sister and grasping at a blanket, throwing it over them both. The naked raven-haired woman pressed a kiss to Natasha’s forehead, then turned back towards Wanda. “Come to me, little cherub.” She commanded, and Wanda crawled forth, hands and knees moving as she was welcomed into Melina’s bosom.

“Good girl.”

“Melina?” Wanda asked, as she was gently pulled into the older woman’s arms. One settled acros
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Melina Vostokoff
Wanda Maximoff/Yelena Belova
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Yelena Belova/Melina Vostokoff
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Yelena Belova
Wanda Maximoff & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova & Melina Vostokoff
Natasha Romanov & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova/Natasha Romanov/Melina Vostokoff

freeform: 
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Threesome - F/F/F
Sibling Incest
Mother-Daughter Relationship
Parent/Child Incest
Pseudo-Incest
Implied/Referenced Incest
Half-Sibling Incest
Incest Kink
Sibling Love
Motherhood
Mother Complex
MILFs
Age Difference
Age Play
Inspired by Music
Rush (Band) References
A Farewell To Kings (Album)
Hemispheres (Album)
Animated GIFs
Blushing
Blushing Wanda Maximoff
Big Sisters
Big Sister Natasha Romanov
Little Sisters
Little Sister Wanda Maximoff
Big Sister Yelena Belova
Mommy Melina Vostokoff
MILF Melina Vostokoff
Breastfeeding
Milking
Milk
Foursome - F/F/F/F
Lesbian Sex
Lesbian Character
Pre-Black Widow (2020)
Family
Family Bonding

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Melina Vostokoff
Wanda Maximoff/Yelena Belova
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Yelena Belova/Melina Vostokoff
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Yelena Belova
Wanda Maximoff & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova & Melina Vostokoff
Natasha Romanov & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova/Natasha Romanov/Melina Vostokoff

