Work Text:
It was supposed to be a relaxing day. You know, one of those things that Peter experiences so rarely that he isn’t entirely sure they actually exist.To be fair, his day does starts off great. Exactly the way he expected.It’s that blessed, rare moment when there’s a lull in college schoolwork — that period of time right after midterms but before all the new, just as horrible projects and essays are piled onto you. And, even better, it’s right after Spider-Man defeated his most recent super-villain.Things don’t line up this perfectly very often, okay? Because after Spider-Man takes down a super-villain, there’s a lull very similar to the one after midterms. As if all the criminals and up-and-coming villains (not yet supers, thank God) take a brief respite from their evil deeds as if realizing, wow, holy shit, that’s what I’m up against.And Peter is in heaven. Because for the first time in his memory, he has a day with zero responsibilities. No homework, no essays, no group projects. No villains wreaking havoc down the street. And because maybe — just maybe — Peter’s finally built up enough karma in his life to have something good happen to him, he also doesn’t have work today.He was supposed to, granted, but his boss called him at the last minute and revealed that they’d accidentally scheduled two people for the same shift. If it were any other day, Peter probably would’ve been pissed, because he needs the money. But today, it just seems like the cherry on top.Peter Parker, possibly the busiest man in New York (not that many people would know it), has nothing to do today.And it’s great. Or, it was, at least.He slept in this morning. Something so novel that he actually sat bolt upright and searched frantically through his sheets, searching for his phone, before realizing he hadn’t set his alarm on purpose, for once.After that, he’d gone ahead and made himself a nice breakfast. He had the time, so he’d fried up some eggs and microwaved up some bacon, because he was still poor enough that even when he did splurge on bacon, it wasn’t the kind that you made on a stove.And then he’d taken a nice, long bath — a rarity, when he wasn’t doing so to soothe aching muscles and occasionally even broken bones. He’d caught up on several shows, done a load of laundry, and even tidied up his room while music was playing. And he hadn’t even abhorred every second of it!Finally, since it’s a relaxing day — one in a million — he decides to, well. Take his time, with certain activities. Certain activities that usually occur in a rushed manner, like for two minutes in the shower before work. Or the occasional slower, drawn-out five minutes before bed, if he can spare the sleep. And the sheets.Yeah, Peter Parker doesn’t get much time for himself. Which is why today, he’s pulling out all the stops. And a few toys.Honest to God, Peter hasn’t gotten to use any of these in forever. He clicks a button on one of them and is amazed it even buzzes to life, because he can’t for the life of him remember the last time he charged it.So Peter takes his time. He warms himself up with slow touches, wets first his fingers with lube and then the toy, and pops it inside of him. God, it’s been way, way too long.Which is why he decides to continue taking his time. Something he’ll regret later, he can assure you.Because the toy is an egg-shaped vibrator, and it’s currently inside him. Peter pulls on a pair of sweatpants and bothers with nothing else, grabbing the vibrator’s remote from his bedside table and standing carefully.Yeah, that feels good. He can feel it inside him, and it shifts very slightly with every step. Just knowing he has it inside him, that he could potentially have it inside him even if he were to leave the house, turns him on. He would never do it, because despite what he may fantasize about, he’s actually a very private person. The thought of doing anything voyeuristic is definitely mortifying. But in the safety of his own home, the thought of it is a thrill.So Peter makes his way into the second and last room of his apartment — the living room-slash-kitchen. He sets the remote on the counter, and he clicks a button — the lowest setting — and starts washing the dishes.The vibrator feels delicious inside him. He’s up to his elbows in soap and water, dishes getting scrubbed clean between his hands, and yet he feels dirty. Chores have literally never been so fun.He turns the vibrator on and off as he goes about doing other menial tasks. Letting the pleasure build and taking it away, forcing himself to calm back down before he turns it on again, just for the thrill of it. Just to make it last longer.It feels like nothing could turn his good mood around, save for, like, an alien invasion.But of course, he’s Peter Parker. And just — this is his life.“Webs!” Wade’s voice calls, and Peter’s in the living room, his DVDs recently reorganized in alphabetical order — don’t judge him — when he sees Deadpool climbing in through his bedro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Humiliation
Humiliation kink
Sex Toys
Vibrators
remote controlled vibrators
Caught in the Act
Accidental Voyeurism
Smut
Explicit Sexual Content
Getting Together
First Time Together
Translation Available
Spanish Translation

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

