Chapter 1: Good Boy
    


Notes:
Hey everyone, thank you so much for being here! In each chapter, we'll make a short note to warn you about the kinks/sex stuff that will be included and any other warning that is needed. For general warnings/tags/kinks please check the 'Additional Tags' of this story! In case we're missing something, please let us know!Xx Lien & KimKinks & other sexual warnings: Oral Sex, Hand Jobs, Praise Kink, hinting at a potential Daddy Kink, talking about kink in general.Other warnings: None




Chapter Text
Peter likes living on campus at MIT. His friends are all there and sharing a room with Ned is definitely a huge plus. The parties are great and he practically has a spot with his name carved into it at the library. However. Peter  loves  being with Tony. Especially when they’re tangled together in the sheets. Like they are right now. Tony’s rough hands gracefully glide over Peter’s chest as the billionaire peppers him with kisses. His lips are hot on his own, always the slightest bit demanding but yet so soft and caring it makes Peter’s heart flutter in his chest every single time.“Tony…” he whispers in the other man’s mouth. The low grumble he gets as a response makes him shiver. “-I’ve missed you so much.” “Missed you too, c’mere.” His fingers dig into Peter’s back as he pulls him in closer. His hands reach up to Peter’s shoulder to slide off the button-up he so slowly unbuttoned earlier, enjoying the hungry look on Peter’s face. It doesn’t matter how many times Tony undresses Peter. The sight takes away his breath every single time. How do a shirt and a sweater hide the fact that Peter is  so  strong. The lines carve his pale skin as if he’s a marble statue for Tony to marvel at. The boy sighs happily as he feels the cold air on his back, together with Tony’s fingers tracing down to his hips. Peter gently holds Tony’s face, urging him to kiss him even deeper. A muffled groan escapes Peter’s lips when Tony pauses the movement of his hands.
"P-please,” he whimpers into Tony’s mouth. Tony’s chuckle shoots through Peter like a bolt of electricity. Peter never admitted it out loud to Tony but he loved how composed the older man was - up until a certain point that was. He loved feeling taken care of like that. Knowing he was safe. Wanted. Loved it when Tony teased him into pleading for more.
“Please, what?” Peter frowns with his eyes closed as he presses his lips back on Tony’s.
“More,” Peter urges. “K-keep going.” Tony slides his hands beneath the waistband of Peter’s jeans and grips him tightly. “Like this, baby?”
Peter can’t help but grind down against Tony as he gasps a broken “Y-yeah, fuck.”
“Language.” Tony’s stern voice made Peter huff.
“What are you gonna do about it, you’re not my dad.” There’s a short pause and Peter’s left eye twitches when he notices Tony’s flushed face. The billionaire clears his throat and collects himself.
“Old enough to be your dad.”
“Don’t ruin the moment, Tony.”
“Then stop reminding me, boy. Now take off my shirt.” Peter chuckles and wiggles his eyebrows before moving to tug at Tony’s shirt.
“Yes, daddy,” he snorts, pretending not to notice Tony shifting. He decides to let it go for now and smiles up as he moves back a bit to create enough space to unbuckle Tony’s belt. His gaze lowers as well as he tries to pull the fabric down. Tony lifts his hips up and kicks it off his feet with Peter’s help. Peter stares at the outline of Tony’s dick through his underwear. He swallows, realizing his mouth is dry, and he licks his lips. He’s been thinking about this for quite some time now, and he finally feels bold enough to straight up ask. He doesn’t look up at Tony, to avoid the piercing gaze of his mentor. Instead, his eyes are locked on what he wants. “Tony, I… Can I please suck you off? I want to try.”
“Are you sure?” Tony presses his lips on top of each other. “I don’t want you to do anything you’re not certain of.” Peter breathes through his nose, finally daring to look up at Tony, who nearly falls apart at the sight of Peter’s big, doe eyes.
“I want this,” he whispers breathlessly. “Need this.” Tony needs to do everything he can to not grab the boy and fuck him hard, because by god, does this sweet angel deserve it.
“Alright then,” Tony says with a smile. He nods at Peter and looks down at his cock, twitching under the fabric of his underwear. “I’m all yours, Peter.”Peter licks his lips once more and shuffles back a bit. Leaning forward, he tugs the underwear down and takes a deep breath when he realizes just how close he is to actually doing this. He curls his fingers around the base of Tony’s cock, as always. He gives a few gentle strokes up and down, enjoying the ragged breaths leaving the other man’s lips. He moves closer this time, closer than he’s ever been, and slowly licks at the tip.The high-pitched moan that he’s met with is the best thing he’s ever heard and he’s going to do anything he can to hear it again. Eagerly, he sucks the head into his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Adult Peter Parker
Kink Negotiation
Consensual Kink
Praise Kink
Kink Exploration
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Daddy Kink
Sugar Daddy
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
Sugar Baby Peter Parker
Established Relationship
Exhibitionism
Public teasing
Public Display of Affection
Sensation Play
Temperature Play
Wax Play
Candles
Tickling
Self-Discovery
Self-Acceptance
Age Difference
Male Slash
Male Homosexuality
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Oral Sex
Oral Fixation
Safe Sane and Consensual
Safewords
Communication
Healthy Relationships
Sometimes they have a slight miscommunication
But they work through that
BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Dominant Tony Stark
Submissive Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Occasional angst
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Pet Names
Name-Calling
Verbal Humiliation
Porn with Feelings
Feelings Realization
Subdrop
Porn With Plot
Food
Shower Sex
Anal Fingering
Fingerfucking
Dry Humping
Manhandling
Edging
Orgasm Delay
Orgasm Control
Shibari
Rope Bondage
Japanese Rope Bondage
First Time
First Time Bottoming
first time anal sex
Anal Sex
Phone Sex
Sex Toys
Feminization
Strip Tease
Window Sex
Suits
Suit Kink
Suit Sex
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Power Dynamics
Power Play
Power Imbalance
Bottom Peter Parker
Birthday Sex
Cuddling & Snuggling
Party
Birthday Party
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Humiliation
Prostate Massage
Vibrators
Alcohol
Drunkenness
Non-Consensual Kissing
Drunken Confessions
Drunk Peter
thigh riding
Teasing
Sauna
Semi-Public Sex
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Peter Parker
Switching
god worship
Body Worship
Cock Worship
Worship
Rimming
Massage
Master/Servant
Service Kink
Non-Sexual Submission
Tears
Crying
Men Crying
Emotional Sex
Lingerie
Lipstick & Lip Gloss
Handcuffs
Couch Sex
Office Sex
Sexual Fantasy
Fantasizing
Spitroasting
Voice Kink
Blindfolds
Sensory Deprivation
Spanking
Fights
Dubious Consent
Mildly Dubious Consent
Extremely Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con Elements
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Attempted Sexual Assault
Sexual Assault
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma
Psychological Trauma
Sex Pollen
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Drug Abuse
Voyeurism
Pet Play
Puppy Play
Butt Plugs
Doggy Style
Collars
Leashes
Domestic Kink
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

