Chapter 1: Emergency
    




Chapter Text
The new facility in Manhattan isn't SHIELD. It isn't anything yet, really – it's smaller, only staffed by people Fury trusts. It's not flashy. Most of it is underground, figuratively and literally. Steve knows everyone, from the doctors to the technicians to the cleaning staff. Fury claims that they're dedicated, now, to transparency among the ranks. And still Steve didn't know about the containment and observation room where they put Bucky.
"I would have told you if you'd asked," Fury says with a shrug. "I wasn't hiding it, you just didn't notice."
They shaved Bucky's head when Steve brought him in, stripped him of all the trappings of the Winter Soldier, including the arm no matter how much Steve protested. He rejected the sedative again and again and halfway woke up twenty or thirty times before Banner and his staff got the dosage right, and after that he was under for a week while Tony repaired the arm. Whatever he did to it, it came back shiny, with a little red and gold striped star on it. Steve supposes Tony really can't help himself. There are probably a hundred apps built into the thing; Tony tipped Steve a salute on the way out and said something about an inspector gadget.
Steve watched it all, wanting to be in the containment room but contenting himself with being on the other side of the glass the whole time. He didn't think he was punishing himself, but he had to wonder when Sam told him to stop being a martyr and go take a nap. It was just – he could envision, clear as day, Bucky waking up, taking down everyone in the room, and running off into the night before Steve could even talk to him again. And Steve needs to talk to him. He dreams about their conversations, about Bucky sitting still and silent, listening, absorbing all of Steve's...whatever Steve has to offer him. He dreams about a giant splinter in Bucky's brain, and Steve's voice removing it.
When Natasha handed him Bucky's file, she had to help him decipher the meaning behind some of the triggers. "Most of these are pretty standard," she said. "Kill order, kill order, protection order – there are about twenty people he would be required to protect at all costs – kill order, kill order. Wow. Kill order. That's high up."
"I didn't even know that one was an assassination," Steve said, looking over her shoulder.
"Oh," she said, pointing to one section of the report. "I know this training. This is easy, actually – you get the subject to believe all things are machines. Equally worthless."
"So they're easier to kill?" he asked. "I guess that makes a twisted sort of sense."
"Not just other people, everything," she said. "If everything is a thing, including yourself, nothing has any value. Flowers, trees, dogs, humans, everything is the same as a glass bottle you shoot with your slingshot when you're a kid. You don't care about the glass bottle. You don't even clean it up when you're done. It's nothing, and you're nothing. You're the glass bottle too."
*
Since Bucky woke up from sedation, he hasn't talked. No amount of questioning from the doctors, or even from Fury himself, will get him to say a word. He's not unresponsive, however; Steve watches him every day, and he can almost always tell how Bucky's reacting, if not what he's thinking. Whatever happened to him between the battle on the Potomac and today, he's aware that he's not just a thing anymore. He's not Bucky – he doesn't move like Bucky, doesn't look at things like Bucky did. Before the war, he strolled when he walked, hipshot like a tomcat, and during the war he moved like he was suspicious, like any soldier would, with his left shoulder forward to shield himself or to bear his rifle. All that is gone, but he's not the Winter Soldier anymore, either. He doesn't look like a dead man who's been reanimated. He just looks like a stranger.
If food is set before him, he eats it, and if not, he doesn't ask for it. Nothing like the Bucky Steve knew, who enjoyed food with the same exuberance he enjoyed everything else. He was forever prowling around and finding little dive bars nobody else knew about, where the food was cheap and good. When his meal was good, he'd lick his fingers with a wink until Steve threw a napkin at him. He loved to take Steve out and feed him.
"Don't do anything too fancy, okay?" Steve tells the cooking staff after a week. "Give him a Reuben and a Coca Cola. That's his favorite."
After the orderly brings Bucky the sandwich and soda, he looks at it for a long time, expressionless. He eats it tentatively, and when he's finished, instead of watching television and doing pushups as he's done for the last twenty days, he goes to his bed and stays there for several hours. Steve watches the line of his back, the rise and fall of his breath, wishing he could disobey Fury and go into the room, knowing it's best if he doesn't.
He moves into the facility. Since he refuses to leave, and didn't renew his apartment lease in DC, Fury lets
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

