Work Text:




Art by @Juefeifeifei [weibo, tumblr].

i.
They find the shield on the third day. They don’t find Steve.On the fifth day, Hill is still assuring the press that the search parties will find Captain America alive. By the seventh day, they stop believing it, and Sam has to turn off the television and throw out the newspapers, leaving such gems as How Many Times Can One Man Die? and Martyr or Madman, Dead or Alive? unread. On the ninth day Fury gives him the shield for safekeeping and he spends a sleepless night cleaning and repainting it, if only to convince himself that Steve is going to need it again.On day thirteen, there is a much-broadcasted memorial service at the White House. Sam doesn’t go. (Ostensibly because the world ought to know from experience that Steve is harder to kill than they think, but also because he missed a step going down the stairs in his house and spent half an hour hyperventilating on the floor, trying to push the too-familiar sensation of falling from his stomach. If you hadn’t been grounded, says a tireless voice in his head, you could have saved Steve and he would have been all right. He’d be here now.)On night fourteen, Natasha invites herself into his house after he ignores five calls from her. She makes herself a cup of tea and sits down, spreading a stack of files and papers across his kitchen table. “Did you know,” she says, quite conversationally, “a bunch of crazies showed up and picketed the funeral?”Sam shrugs, peering at the documents over her shoulder. “Dicks will be dicks. Can’t be helped. Did you go?” “No,” says Natasha. “I was busy looking for these.” She shoves a file into his hands. She is in full combat gear, and her hair is frizzy and windswept as if she’s been running, and Sam doesn’t know if he has ever seen anyone so beautiful or so terrifying. He opens the file and feels his jaw drop. “Who did you steal these from? The FBI?”She doesn’t answer. He leafs through the contents of the dossier, frowning. There are police reports, and autopsies, and several blurry photographs. Two top-secret bunkers thought to belong to HYDRA have been blown up in the last three days. Eighteen corpses have been recovered. An image captured from CCTV footage shows a man-shaped shadow skulking in a doorway with a pistol in each hand and an assault rifle strapped across his back, and a glint of silver shining beneath the hem of his left sleeve.“Barnes,” Sam says. He slaps the file shut, forcing the rattle of gunfire from his consciousness. It will return later, as soon as Natasha is gone. “You think he’s got Steve?”"Could be." “It’s a long shot. The man doesn’t remember him at all. If he’s alive and free—“ That doesn’t bode well for Steve, he thinks, but can’t bring himself to finish the sentence.She tilts her head up to study his face. Her narrowed eyes are green, and dangerous, and omniscient. “You giving up, Wilson?”“No.” It’s only half a lie. He has spent all day chest-deep in the Potomac, and his feet keep moving and his mouth keeps giving orders, but the place in his heart that once believed with iron-clad faith in Steve’s invincibility has gone dark and silent. “’Course not.” “Good.” She gets up, gathering the files together. “I’m going to find Barnes and bring him in, for his own sake and for Steve’s. I—you could say I owe them both a debt.” She does not elaborate, and Sam has worked a helping profession long enough to know when to keep his mouth shut. Instead, he watches her pace around the kitchen in tight circles, like a sleek, restless cat caught behind bars. She is a spy and a killer and she is wanted in more countries than he has fingers to count them on, but for some reason he feels safer with her around. “If you want in,” she adds, “I know someone who can fix your wings.” He clenches his hands into fists under the table, pacing his breaths. He doesn’t tell her that the nightmares have started again. He doesn’t admit that he runs through scrubby desert grass every night, screaming Riley’s name, only to find that the man lying dead is wearing Steve’s face. He certainly doesn’t say that he almost enjoys the dreams, because they are the only times he gets to fly again, to feel the wind beat at his face and hear the swoop of his wings as he whirls and cartwheels across the sky.He says, only, "Do you want me in?" She gazes out the window into the quiet street, her face unreadable in shadow. “My usual partner’s laid up in Minsk with three broken ribs and a concussion, so yeah, why not.” She’s quiet for a second or two, fingers tracing arcane patterns across the windowpane. He doesn’t remember having seen her fidget like this before. “Besides, I trust you.”He hardly knows her, but trust is a scarce commodity in this line of work, and he understands what it must take for her to say this. He understands so well that he’s already sunk. His mother always said that his utter inability to turn away someone in need was going to get him killed someday. But his own death d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Hurt/Comfort
Road Trip of Vengeance
PTSD
bucky pov
Sam POV

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

