Chapter 1: Black Light
    




Chapter Text


 2:05 am. She is furious, driving her black Corvette in the middle of the dark, at a bar hidden among the cold and dark streets of New York. When she received a call from Clint at dawn, she imagined thousands of terrible problems. An alien attack on the planet or a crazy villain wanting destroy a city.She can't imagine the emergency was this.A mess in a elegant club caused by a group of young girls part of the SHIELD team. (Jemma, Skye, Darcy, and Wanda.) A big collection of destroyed expensive alcohol bottles, (beer, tequila, vodka, whiskey, champagne, broken glass and tables, and four wounded civilians.Natasha is angry, furious, no one interrupts her hours of rest to take a care of four stupid, immature young girls. The mission in Mumbai was really difficult, after 92 hours of constant stress and paperwork, Natasha wanted to sleep for days.  But, she owes Clint a favor. The man begged for not being too hard with Wanda. It was his idea to make Wanda create a friendship with young girls with the same age and maybe help her deal with a new home.  Upon entering the luxurious bar, she saw a crowd of people, some surprised others scared, left the place. The smell of alcohol and cigarettes filled the air. Small shards of glass and stains of liquor scattered on the floor.  Natasha decided to be nice and pay for property damage. She played and manipulated the owner of the club and persuaded him not to call the cops and press charges against the girls. The fat man accepted ten thousand dollars and forget the accident. Moments later, Natasha was guided to a room at the back of the bar where the girls were.  The girls seemed embarrassed, except for Darcy who enjoyed the whole situation describing it as the best night in her young life. None of them seemed hurt (fortunately). Skye and Jemma apologized to her for the disaster this night.Natasha just kept silent, she turned and saw Wanda wearing her red leather jacket in the corner of the room, her face bowed looking at her hands. The girl avoided making eye contact with her. "Shut up! and sit down now." Natasha ordered, cold eyes and contempt accompanying her words.   "Hey, come on Ms Red." Darcy laughed and touched Natasha's shoulder. "Relax, the girls and I went out to have some fun jus ..."  "Shut the fuck up, Lewis." Natasha hissed, feeling the rage grow inside her. She grasped Darcy's hand and squeezed it harder causing the noisy brunette grimaced. "I'm not your friend. Don't call me, red. Now get your ass on the seat!"" "Sorry, Ms Romanov." Darcy winced and blanched, her hand ached. She immediately sat down on the worn couch next to the other girls.A heavy and awkward silence washed over the room. Natasha stood there watching the girls scared by her presence. "Now, can anyone tell me what the fuck happened here." The four girls looked at each other, deciding who spoke first but none dared to speak. Natasha hissed. “Agent Simmons, report." “Agent Romanov. The girls and I want enjoy the streets of New York, our unconscious walk brought us here at Darcy's request. ” The scared girl took her agent stance, straight back and hands behind her back, the trembling voice filling her words, feeling intimidated by the Black Widow. “Four men started teasing us with dirty words, we ignored them, until one of the guys slapped Skye in the ass. After that, everything got out of control. Skye hit the asshole and threw it against the bar, Darcy used her taser on another boy and Wanda used her powers and knocked the remaining two unconscious. ” "Traitor!" Darcy whispered indignantly. Natasha was silent analyzing the situation. The atmosphere grew heavier with every second, while she's thinking what to do. "They ... are ... they going to be alright?" Wanda broke the silence in the room. "Yep, they just suffered minor injuries, Wanda." Natasha's heart clenched in her chest when she saw the young brunette look sad, she remembered Clint's words about not being a bitch with Wanda. "Okay, Can we go home now?" Darcy sighed in relief, not so excited this time. "Oh sure, Lewis." Natasha pretend a soft and sweet voice. "I just want to let you know ladies, you owe me two thousand dollars, each of you .." "Whatttt?" Darcy gasped, surprised. "Two thousand dollars, Why?" “You broke many bottles of expensive liquor, Idiot. Not to mention damage to private property. More other damages. Ten thousand dollars for the incredible party. Congratulations ladies. Oh, one more thing, I need my money in two weeks. ” Darcy exclaimed. "How am I going to pay that two thousand dollars?" "I don't know, Lewis! Get a fucking job, I don't really care” Natasha said angry. "Some problem with you." Jemma and Daisy scared, shook their heads."The taxi is here, Miss. Romanov ”A security guard entered in the room. "Oh, thanks." Natasha smiled. "Just give me two minutes."The man smiled, nodded, and closed the door behind him. "Simmons, Johnson. Hill is waiting for you at her off
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Girl Penis
Girls Kissing
Vaginal Sex
Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
Girl Penis Natasha Romanov
Nudity
Soft Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Car Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Sexual Fantasy
Come as Lube
Come Swallowing
Rough Sex
Masturbation
pussy slapping
Top Natasha Romanov
Mommy Issues
Mommy Kink
Older Woman/Younger Woman
Large Cock
Deepthroating
Blow Jobs
Finger Sucking
Cuddling & Snuggling
Neck Kissing
Nipple Licking
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Jealousy
Creampie
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Bath Sex
Sparring
Party
Rough Oral Sex
Size Kink
Hotel Sex
Orgasm Control
Lingerie
Clothed Sex
Touch-Starved Wanda Maximoff
Sugar Mommy Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff Is A Brat
Feelings Realization
Possessive Sex
Shower Sex
Lap Sex
Dark & Romantic
Rimming
Super Soldier Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff Gets a Hug
Office Sex
Pool Sex
Sex Toys
Bottom Wanda Maximoff

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov

