Chapter 1: Drinks Are On Me
    




Chapter Text

PARASITE?
“Yeah, it’s a term of endearment.” 
APOLOGIZE. 
“No.”
APOLOGIZE!
“Fine, I’m sorry. So, what’d you wanna do now?”
THE WAY I SEE IT, WE CAN DO WHATEVER WE WANT. 
Eddie chuckled and rolled his eyes as he came to the crosswalk near Mrs. Chen’s shop. The twilight had descended upon the city, illuminated by the sharp colors of neon lights, bouncing their reflections back and forth in shop windows and rearview mirrors of parked cars. The walk from Anne’s place in Telegraph Hill back down to Chinatown had been short and leisurely, but darkness had fallen fast, and with it came the predator instincts prickling at the base of his skull. Perhaps it was only the adrenaline still flooding his system--they had just eaten a guy whole, not two minutes prior--but he noticed that his perception was heightened. Colors were brighter, noises easier to separate into layers. He could roll his senses around in his mouth like a wine, picking up notes of phone conversation across the street, canned sitcom laughter trickling from an upstairs window, a car alarm from a block away. He could taste in the air the distinct scents of five different Chinese restaurants competing for his attention. His world had never seemed so saturated with raw stimulus. We can do  whatever we want. “It’s a big world out there,” he said, blinking a few times to clear his thoughts, “You’ve gotta give me some options here, big guy. Don’t wanna have me overloaded by choices.”He bounced on the balls of his feet as he waited for the light to change, and he could feel his symbiote’s thoughts turning over.WELL WE’RE NOT HUNGRY ANYMORE, said Venom decisively.“Yeah, I figured as much,” Eddie said with a laugh as the crosswalk sign lit up for him, then a look of realization slapped him in the face. “Hey, so that guy we just ate. Did you just absorb him into your mass and turn him into goo, or are you gonna co-opt my digestive system?”
I SUPPOSE WE’LL FIND OUT SOON ENOUGH. 
Somehow Eddie could hear a smile in that disembodied voice. He shook his head and gave a low groan.“Ah fuck, I’m not looking forward to that. If I barf up a human toe later, I’m kicking you out.” A stranger passing by them in the crosswalk looked up from her phone and gave him a horrified look. Eddie quickened his pace across the street, and ducked down a busy pedestrian street that was little more than an alleyway, packed with lingering visitors to the fortune cookie factory and patrons of the florist shop. He could feel a sense of amusement spreading its tendrils out from his hindbrain, but he also felt a stronger awareness guiding his perception to the crowd around him, marking out those who might pose a threat. It was always a tight squeeze through this alley, and he usually didn’t mind crowds. However, he found himself drawing in his shoulders and checking over his shoulder for routes of escape. He noticed for the first time that the alley was so narrow, he could easily stand on one fire escape and reach his arms out and- well no, his arms weren’t quite long enough. But Venom’s certainly were.“So, food is, uh... off the table, as they say,” he said in a lower voice barely audible over the tangled din of Cantonese surrounding him, “Is there anything else you wanna do? The night is young. Personally I think we could use some well-earned fun.”
WHAT DO YOU USUALLY DO FOR FUN? 
Eddie gave a shrug and ran a hand through his hair. “Tell you the truth, before you came and set up shop in my nervous system, I spent most nights for the past few months getting drunk and feeling sorry for myself.”
YOU REALLY ARE A LOSER. 
Recent memories bobbed to the surface of Eddie’s mind like detritus caught in the tides of the bay- the thick and familiar smell of Eddie’s favorite bar, and the smooth feel of the bar top under his hands. The listless buzz of cable news on a lonesome night at home. The hollow despair in the pit of his stomach as he drank himself to sleep. He could feel Venom examine each memory with swift precision, then toss it back into the waters. With some effort, Eddie dragged their focus back to the present, to the old walk back home that somehow felt as though he were taking it all in through new eyes. They emerged from the alley and turned unto Washington Street. Eddie kicked an empty can out of his way and shoved his hands into his pockets.“Hey, we’re both losers, you and me. A couple of losers, who just so happened to save the world. So maybe celebrations are in order.”He rounded a corner onto a wider street and soon came to another crossing. He reached out for the crosswalk button, but paused with his hand in mid air.“We turn left here on Clay to go home. Is that what we’re doing, or have you thought of something fun?”WELL, said Venom after a moment, LETS GO TO YOUR FAVORITE BAR AND GET DRUNK LIKE LOSERS DO. “That’s the spirit,” Eddie smiled, pressing the button to continue straight ahead. “It’s a bit of a walk- all the way back in t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Anne Weying
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Original Female Character(s)
Xenophilia - Relationship
kink negotiation - Relationship
Tentacles - Relationship
consentacles - Relationship
resolved emotional tension - Relationship
just so much fuckin dialogue
i just want everyone to talk about their feelings

freeform: 
venom gets drunk
I have no fuckin clue what I’m doing
this is only the second fic I’ve ever written
how do tags
disconcerting degree of research in San Francisco geography
mild dubcon
Loss of Control
Body Sharing
Power Exchange
Fluff
Autistic Eddie Brock
Domestic Fluff
Panic Attacks
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Denial of Feelings
Under-negotiated Kink
Bondage
Venom Symbiote Takes Care of Eddie Brock
Inspired by Venom (Movie 2018)
Male Pronouns for Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Top Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Venom Symbiote Loves Eddie Brock
Slow Burn
Consensual Mind Control
Body Horror
Out of Body Experiences
Hallucinations
Bisexual Eddie Brock
Bottom Eddie Brock

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Anne Weying
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Original Female Character(s)
Xenophilia - Relationship
kink negotiation - Relationship
Tentacles - Relationship
consentacles - Relationship
resolved emotional tension - Relationship
just so much fuckin dialogue
i just want everyone to talk about their feelings

