Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Do you want to talk about it?”Bucky glanced up, puzzled. He wasn’t sure what it was that Steve thought they should be talking about. He’d just loaded up his plate with a ridiculously large stack of French toast and bacon, so it couldn’t be another intervention about how he needed to eat more. They’d moved on from that problem only a few weeks after he’d moved in with Steve. He hadn’t been on a mission in days, so there was no need for the “But how do you feel about what happened out there?” routine. It had been at least four nights since he’d woken up panicked from a nightmare, and they’d been dealing with those events on a case-by-case basis. Bucky and Steve had been sharing an apartment in Avengers Tower for six months now, and things had been going about as smoothly as could be hoped for, given that they were living in the wrong fucking century. At least, Bucky had thought things were going smoothly – with the way Steve was keeping his eyes fixed on his French toast and blushing like a schoolgirl, clearly Bucky had missed something.There was nothing for it but to ask. “It?” he repeated, taking a bite of his breakfast. There was absolutely no discussion in the world that was going to keep him from Steve’s French toast. Back in the day, they’d both known how to cook, how to stretch a meager supply of staples into enough to fill their bellies, but Steve had usually ended up doing the cooking just because Bucky was so often working. In this century, Steve had taken that skill and turned it into an art. Sam teased Steve about being a “foodie;” Bucky still wasn’t totally sure what that meant, but it seemed to involve them spending every weekend at farmer’s markets and gourmet grocery stores searching out ingredients he’d never heard of. He’d asked Steve about it once, and Steve had explained that when he’d first woken up, he’d really had nothing to do a lot of the time. He’d been watching some cooking shows on late night TV and decided to try a few of the recipes, and was surprised to discover that cooking was soothing. “It’s like drawing in my sketchbooks,” he’d explained. “It feels good to create something that makes people happy.” He’d left the “instead of destroying things” unsaid – that part, Bucky understood all too well.Steve’s cooking definitely made Bucky happy, and he might have moaned just a little as he forked in another bite of French toast. It was his favorite of all Steve’s recipes – Steve had explained how he made it once, something involving brûlée and caramelization, but all Bucky cared about was that it ended up with some sort of crispy, sugary coating that tasted like sin. And yeah, actually, that was a little weird, now that he thought about it. The French toast had to be prepped the night before, so Steve wouldn’t normally dish up Bucky’s favorite breakfast on a random Tuesday morning. Bucky realized then that Steve was still staring at his plate, blushing, pushing his food around. And he hadn’t answered the question. Whatever they needed to talk about, clearly Steve had felt that Bucky needed to be buttered up first, and that was a little worrisome.“Steve?” Bucky prompted, wanting to just get whatever it was the hell over with so he could enjoy his breakfast. He took another bite of fucking gift from heaven French toast and was trying to figure out how to be pitiful enough that this would appear on the breakfast table every day when Steve finally looked up.Bucky immediately regretted that last bite of food when Steve responded, “About masturbation, Buck. Do you want to talk about why you haven’t been?” There was absolutely no response Bucky could give to that other than to choke on the most perfect French toast in the world. He grabbed for his coffee and took a gulp, but the coffee was still damned hot, so Bucky was left coughing and gasping and he was fucking grateful for that because it bought him precious moments to figure out what to say.Those moments were no help, though, and once he could breathe again, all Bucky could come up with was, “What the hell, Steve???” Sure, okay, no – he hadn’t been doing…that. But how did Steve know? And why would Steve care? Most importantly, what made Steve think this was a thing they should be talking about over breakfast – or, you know, ever?Steve was still blushing, but he seemed determined to keep going with the topic. “Buck, you show up for breakfast every morning with blue lips. I go in the bathroom after you shower and it’s like walking into an icebox. You’re doing the cold shower thing, I get it, but…” Steve took a sip of his own coffee, cradling the mug in both hands like the warmth would get him through what he needed to say. “We lived together for a long time. Always ignored what was going on in the other bed, cause that’s just…you do what you gotta do, right? But I know you, and it was every night for you, and now it’s every damned morning that you wander in here looking like you’ve been back in cryofreeze.” Buc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Masturbation
Masturbation Interruptus
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
Food Porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

