Chapter 1: P/S, dom/sub, anon sex, big dick Peter, oral, leg humping, slight exhibitionism
    


Summary:

Steve encounters a mutant who seems to know exactly what kind of treatment he has been dreaming about.





Chapter Text
Steve is startled and concerned when something wet hits him and plasters him against the wall of the alley. He knocks his head against the brick and squints as his vision takes a moment to return.
A red and blue figure drops from the dark sky. It comes closer to Steve and his knees almost tremble with relief.
"You're that spider-kid Tony told me about-"
Spider-Man comes uncomfortably close into Steve's personal space. Steve stops squirming to get out from the web material when a gloved hand pushes against his chest.
Steve tries to see through the white lenses covering the eye of the mask but cannot make out any clues about the person's identity. Spider-Man jerks his head at the door Steve emerged from and tilts it in an inquisitive manner.
He knew where Steve had been. Steve starts to get a hot feeling of embarrassment and panic. He holds his tongue for a couple minutes before caving against the other man's silence. "They don't know. The other Avengers. And I don't think anyone in there knows who I am." He ducks his head in shame. "I just..." He can't finish that thought because of the weight of all the horrible and perverted things he feels and desires blocks his throat. 
The gloved hand on his chest slides up to settle on his shoulder and starts urging him down.
The webbing has slackened, and Steve drops to his knees with a gasp. Spider-Man steps away and starts rubbing his own groin. Steve's gaze is riveted on the crux of the hero's thighs. Mindlessly, a whimper escapes him and he can feel himself start to salivate. The sound snaps his brain to its usual higher function, and he looks up to the man's face with a cringe.
Spider-Man runs a hand through his hair soothingly and starts to tug at his costume with the other. Steve lets his spine sag and his ass presses against his heels. "I want to. Can I?" His voice comes out breathy and slutty; his body is releasing endorphins giving him a floaty and fuzzy feeling. He wants this.
Spider-Man pulls out a hardening dick and the size of it boggles Steve's mind. How could the man have that tucked away in what looked like Spandex?!
The fattening tip is offered to Steve and he wastes no time in leaning forward and rubbing the shaft with his cheek. He pushes his nose into the man's pubic hair and inhales the scent before pulling back to lap his tongue at the glans emerging from the foreskin.
The cock fills rapidly, ending nearly as long and thick as one of Spider-Man's thighs. It's something Steve would have thought biologically impossible for such a slender figure to carry. This enhanced is enhanced, he thinks, and has to stifle a hysterical mental giggle.
Spider-Man ends the foreplay by pulling Steve's head forward and cramming as much of his dick that he can into Steve's mouth. It pushes past Steve's reflexive gagging and he can feel it snaking into his throat. Steve is helpless as his partner takes full control over his head using his supernatural strength; he gasps and swallows as he is used. Tears run down his cheeks. He loves it.
Spider-Man's entire body goes rigid when he comes. Steve's face is pressed against his crotch and he is at Spider-Man's mercy, unable to move to gain himself a breath of oxygen. He can feel every throb and twitch of that dick as it pumps what seems like an impossible amount of semen into his stomach.
When his head is released the cock slides out of Steve's throat and he can feel every inch. He nearly collapses onto the disgusting piss-reeking concrete of the alley.
Spider-Man shifts his stance, placing one foot on the ground between Steve's knees. He taps his foot and Steve glances down to see the toe of the booted foot point at his own dick. Steve is hard and his pants are tented with his excitement. He hadn't really noticed, being so consumed with pleasing the other hero.
He raises his eyes to the expressionless mask. Spider-Man nudges his boot under Steve's cock and balls. Steve lowers his hands to unzip his trousers, but Spider-Man shakes his head emphatically and pushes his shin into Steve's crotch.
The man's meaning hits Steve and he closes his eyes and groans, hitching his hips forward into the man's leg to rub himself. He grips his wrists behind his back while Spider-Man's gloved hand twists roughly in his hair and grinds against the leg until he comes. Spider-Man stands still, supporting him until Steve catches his breath, then carefully steps backward. He nods and does an odd two-fingered salute before whisking himself back up into the sky.
Steve was left sprawled on his ass in an alley, sated but unsatisfied. He hoped to meet Spider-Man and be able to talk with him, and maybe do something like this again.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dominance
Weight Gain
Feminization
Bottom Steve Rogers
Size Difference
Oral Sex
Chastity Device
Small Penis
Large Cock
Male Lactation
Humiliation
Dehumanization
Mpreg
Bestiality
Safe Insane and Consensual
Anal Sex
Sex Toys
Medical Kink
Hulk Sex (Marvel)
Pony Play

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

