Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Your  smell.It  was  the  first  thing  that  Steve  noticed  about  you  that  crappy  Tuesday  morning.You  smelled  wrong.He  was  distracted.  Everything  that  had  happened  in  Sokovia  had  landed  him  with  an  apocalyptic  amount  of  meetings  and  paperwork  to  last  him  a  lifetime.  Oh,  the  paperwork.Unable  to  do  more  than  glance  your  way  as  you  walked  past  with  Pepper,  both  of  your  Omega  scents  trailing  around  softly  behind  you,  like  autumn  leaves  bouncing  around  on  the  ground.  Pepper’s  scent  he  knew.  But  your  scent  was  off,  not  right  but  before  he  could  dedicate  more  than  a  look  over  his  shoulder,  Tony  called  his  name.						***The  next  time  he  noticed  you  was  a  few  days  later.  You  were  listening  to  Tony  explain  why  you  should  side  with  him  on  his  new  proposed  budget  before  submitting  it  to  Pepper.  From  what  Steve  could  tell  based  on  Tony’s  gesturing  and  your  skeptical  expression,  you  were  doubtful.Steve  managed  to  slide  into  the  elevator  with  the  two  of  you  before   the  doors  shut.
Again,  he  noticed  you  didn’t  smell  like  an  Omega  should  in  their  either  late  twenties  or  early  thirties.  Your  scent  was  perfectly  fine.  It  had  attracted  the  attention  of  his  inner  Alpha  immediately.  It  smelled  of  lemony  tea  and  those  shortbread  cookies  Natasha  was  always  hiding  from  him.“Tony…I  don’t  understand  why  you  need  llamas.”Your  use  of  his  name  instead  of  Mister  Stark  had  Steve  looking  you  over.  From  the  painful  looking  pumps  you  had  on,  to  the  knee  length  skirt  that  while  office  appropriate  was  just  this  side  of  indecent.  A  silky  button  up  blouse  completed  the  look  paired  with  a  few  pieces  of  jewelry.“Who  doesn’t  need  llamas?”  Was  Tony’s  immediate  comeback.Tony  looked  over  at  Steve  as  the  elevator  doors  finally  shut  and  it  went  upwards.  Dark  eyebrows  rose,  seeking  Steve’s  support  in  his  quest  for  a  new  budget.  “Am  I  right  Cap?”“Llamas  Tony?”His  fellow  Alpha  on  the  team  had  come  up  with  some  outrageous  ideas,  but  llamas  was  perhaps  the  most  out  there  yet.
Lifting  your  eyes  for  the  first  time  from  the  paper  since  walking  into  the  elevator,  you  looked  over  at  Tony  and  the  man  known  as  Steve  Rogers.  Not  that  you  could  mistake  him  for  anyone  else,  like  ever.  You’d  smelled  him  the  second  he  stepped  in  with  you  and  Pepper’s  Alpha.  It  would  have  been  impossible  not  to  and  yet,  nothing,  nada,  not  even  a  twinge.  Those  days  were  behind  you.  You  were  broken.  Which  was  a  shame  considering  the  moral  captain  had  been  looking  at  you  like  you  were  a  snack.  But  you  couldn’t  do  it  again.  You  greeted  Captain  Rogers  with  a  polite  smile  then  told  Tony,  as  Pepper  insisted  you  refer  to  him,  “Llamas  spit.”Immediately  Tony  turned  to  you,  hands  up  and  pressed  together  in  front  of  him,  “My  llamas  won’t  spit.”You  frowned  before  looking  back  down  at  his  list  of  required  inventories  for  the  coming  year.Forget  the  llamas,  Pepper  wasn’t  going  to  give  him  half  of  this  stuff.As  you  flipped  to  the  third  page,  Steve  noticed  your  nails.
Normally  he  wasn’t  a  fan  of  all  the  new  wild  colors  and  styles  on  nails  these  days.  Did  nails  really  need  to  be  neon  green  with  fake  crystals  all  over?  But  your  nails  had  a  professional  looking  French  manicure.  However,  the  tips  were  filed  to  a  discreet  little  tip.  Baby  stiletto  he’d  heard  Natasha  tell  Wanda  one  evening  in  the  common  room.
The  two  women  had  things  called  Pinterest  Boards  that  required  a  significant  amount  of  discussion.  While  he  didn’t  totally  understand  the  purpose,  it  seemed  to  be  something  Wanda  enjoyed  and  Natasha  found  great  amusement  in  encouraging.  “Tony  no…Pepper  is  not  going  to  let  you  host  a  Renaissance  Festival  on  the  grounds  here…”“Exactly!”You  glanced  up  at  him  again,  you  knew  you  were  frowning  and  you  couldn’t  help  but  notice  that  Captain  Rogers  was  paying  more  attention  to  you  than  his  teammate.  It  wasn’t  surprising.  Your  Omega  scent  would  make  Alpha’s  take  notice  and  then,  when  they  realized  you  weren’t  putting  off  the  pheromones  you  should,  they’d  lose  interest,  he’d  realize  that  you  weren’t  putting  off  anything  that  would  promise  a  good  time.  You  didn’t  know  if  you  ever  would  again  and  were  ok  with  it.  “If  I  put  something  that  crazy  on  the  budget,  Pepper  will  say  no,  but  she’ll  counter  and  boom…I  have  a  herd  of  llamas.”You  couldn’t  see  your  friend  agreeing  to  that,  but  it  wou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Possessive Steve
Alpha Steve Rogers
Avengers Compound
dark themes
more tags to come
Omega/Reader - Freeform
different POV
Smut
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Mating Cycles/In Heat
moderate fluff
dark!Natasha
Rut Cycle
Sassy Tony Stark
post Age of Ultron

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

