Chapter 1





Chapter Text
You slowly opened your eyes with a soft groan, your vision beginning to focus in the semi-dark room. The pounding in your head started to fade as you blinked away the sleep from your eyes. One of the first things you noticed was that it wasn't your room. You didn't recognize it at all or remember how you got there...There were no windows. The single lightbulb hardly filled enough light for the room. And it was cold. So cold...Your hair fell in your eyes as you saw the single bed a few feet in front of you. Why were you standing up? When you tried to brush the hair from your eyes, you realized your arms were chained above your head. Your heart pounded as you struggled. It was useless. You couldn't get yourself free. How were you going to get out of those chains?Not caring how dry your throat felt, you opened your mouth to scream. The sound came out quiet and muffled. You were gagged. Why were you chained up and gagged? None of this made sense to you. And why couldn't you remember how you ended up here?Your body froze as you heard a door behind you open, heavy footsteps entering the room as you desperately tried to turn your head. Your heart pounded again when you heard more than one person...Were they here to help you? Were they the ones that brought you here? You got your answer when you heard the first one speak. "Looks like our little angel is awake. Who wants to play first?" You couldn't suppress the shiver that ran down your spine when you felt a gloved hand touch your back. You didn't want him touching you. You didn't want any of them touching you. They had to let you go."I want to play first," the second man spoke, his voice even gruffer than the first."I don't know if you should," the third chimed in. "We don't want our toy broken too quickly."You renewed your struggles when you heard that, your voice still muffled by the gag. It was evident by your tone that you were pissed, even if you were terrified. A toy to be played with? To be broken? You didn't know who these men were, but you weren't going to play their little game. "Now, now. Enough of that. We like a bit of fire. It was one of the reasons why we chose you...but you will behave for us. Do you understand? And if you don't understand that now, we'll make you understand very quickly."You still couldn't see their faces, but you could feel their eyes on you...on your body. The feeling was unsettling. Almost as unsettling as the realization that you were hardly wearing any clothes...A simple, short dress so low cut that it barely covered your bra. It would be easy for them to just reach out and...No, you didn't even want to think about that.Your eyes widened a bit as the men finally moved in front of you. Each of them were in some form of tactical gear and you could tell that they were in shape. Under normal circumstances, you might have found them quite handsome. Right now, they were three of the most intimidating, dangerous men you had ever seen. And they all had their eyes on you.The first, and you assumed that he was the leader, was staring with brown eyes like he wanted to devour you. His gaze was almost...possessive. Those eyes never once left your face even as you dared to glance at the next. The second gaze was even more piercing than the first. His icy blue eyes seemed to stare right into your soul. If your throat hadn't already been dry, that gaze alone would have robbed you of your breath. The third had blue eyes, too, that weren't as cold as the second pair. It didn't bring you any comfort though when it looked like he was itching to get his hands on you. "It would be rude not to introduce ourselves before we play. I'm the Handler. He's the Asset. And he's the Captain," the first introduced as if that explained everything. "In time, when you've earned our trust, we'll tell you our real names. Until then, you can address us by our titles or Sir. Even Daddy, if that suits you.""We can see you shaking...we haven't even started yet," the second, the Asset, said as he reached out to brush a tear from your cheek. When had you started crying?"But don't worry. We chose you carefully. You were made for this...for US," the Captain added, not bothering to hide the lust in his eyes as he looked you up and down.You didn't understand. Why did they keep saying they chose you? What did they mean? WHY did they choose you? There was nothing special about you at all. You were just an ordinary person."I'm going to take your gag out. Behave," the Handler warned as he slowly pulled the gag down. "Please, let me g-" you began before something large and cold was shoved into your mouth. Your body trembled with fear as your mind registered what it was...a gun. The Handler had shoved a gun into your mouth. "Listen very closely, angel, and get this through that pretty head of yours. You're ours now. You belong to us. This is your new home. No amount of begging will ever make us let you go. In fact, the only thing you're going to be beg
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Brock Rumlow/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow/Reader

freeform: 
Hydra (Marvel)
Hydra Steve Rogers
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Gang Rape
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Kidnapping
Rape/Non-con Elements
Not Beta Read
Gunplay
Forced Orgasm
Dom/sub Undertones
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Cock Warming
Gaslighting
Panic Attacks
Breeding
Breeding Kink
Choking
Stockholm Syndrome
Mind Games
Anal Sex
Double Penetration
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Medical Examination
Extremely Dubious Consent
Betrayal
Angst
Alternate Universe
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Face-Fucking
Alternate Universe - Dark
Not Canon Compliant
Marathon Sex
Memory Loss
Repressed Memories
Forced Pregnancy
Shaving

fandom: 
Brock Rumlow/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow/Reader

