Chapter 1: Day 0 - Hook Up
    




Chapter Text
The bar is crowded and dim. Steve had gone through three beers - including the one from the handsy guy whose ass he had ended up kicking, but Steve hates wasting food, or drinks, and there is no need to let a good pint of beer go to waste.The fourth beer comes quite unexpectedly, from a guy Steve had not spotted before. He can usually tell if people are watching him, even if they are not in his line of sight, but he had not seen this guy, not before the bartender sets the beer on the counter in front of Steve. He turns to the direction that the bartender points, and the guy raises his glass, nods, and...wow, smiles. There is something magical about that smile. It’s beautiful and earnest and it kinda lights up his whole face. Sparkles shine in his eyes and butterflies start to fly in Steve's stomach. Things seem to run away, all of a sudden; and he feels like he is 20 again, carefree and shy and damn he is absolutely blushing.“May I sit down?”Steve looks up and it feels like someone has knocked the breath out of his lungs. He opens and closes his mouth and tries to say something but no sound seems to come out. He nods, after many attempts at finding words and failing miserably, and the guy sits down on the stool next to him, not even two inches away.Steve tries to look away. He wants to be polite and not stare, he wants to at least take a sip from the drink the guy bought him but he just can’t. He looks at the guy and his dark fluffy hair and wonders if that third drink has actually got to him because he seems to have a hard time keeping his hands to himself. He suddenly has this urge to touch this man; those eyes, that hair, and the perfect mesmerizing whole-face smile. “Tony,” he says and he stretches his hand out. Steve manages to grab the hand and shake it, and mumble something which, thank God, sounds very much like his own name. The guy, Tony, brings his other hand forward, holds on to Steve’s hand with both of his own, and smiles again. “Nice to meet you, Steve,” and Steve’s heart starts to race in his chest. They talk about unimportant stuff, from baseball to world peace. Steve does his best to keep up with the unlimited string of words and funniest jokes in human history, but he fails mostly. He constantly catches himself with an open mouth, holding his fifth and sixth beer halfway in the air and nodding like a stupid goofball. It’s not like he can’t talk about basketball or memes; he finished a 300-page book about Gen Z and meme culture, thank you very much. But this guy… is just impossible. Every single word out of his mouth is pure genius, and the scent he spreads as he moves is just intoxicating.Steve blushes at a dirty joke, giggles and blushes a bit more, embarrassed from giggling and blushing in the first place. Tony smiles at the whole show Steve’s got going on and lays a reassuring hand on Steve’s shoulder. Steve’s body freezes for a second, and he feels numb from the touch before something starts to burn through his left shoulder down to his chest and set his whole body on fire.Steve has never felt this way before. He is fascinated by this guy’s eyes and his jokes and the most beautiful laugh he has ever heard, but it’s not just that. There is something about sitting here and blushing shyly that feels right. It feels to have been decided for him by a greater power, somehow, that had brought him to this bar randomly and had made him stick around even after the disastrous approach from that previous douche bag. Not that Steve wants to get spiritual about meeting a sexy man, but he feels like he's been waiting for this for so long, for eternity maybe.And he knows what he needs to do next. He is certain. He is ready.So he just does it, he leans forward and kisses Tony.Steve’s body is burning with desire as Tony cups the back of his head to pull him in, and he starts trembling as Tony wraps his other hand around his waist to keep him close. They kiss, lips, tongues, and teeth, and Steve knows that he is being horrible and clumsy, but Tony doesn’t seem to care at all. He tightens his hold on Steve’s nape as soon as he breaks away and pulls Steve back into another wet and sloppy yet more breathtakingly amazing kiss. Steve is not sure about what happens next exactly. He remembers being held tight and kissed as they pay for their drinks, walk out of the back door, and into a hotel lobby that is apparently right behind the dingy bar. He remembers the hand that’s wrapped around his waist the whole time, as Tony talks to the hotel reception and the amazing feeling of Tony’s body pressing him onto the elevator mirror all the way up to level one hundred and fifty-something. Tony is gentle and relentless and Steve can’t quite figure out how those two things can be true at the same time. He is smaller than Steve, height and build and all, but Steve feels absolutely powerless in his hands. He allows Tony to drag him along to the bedroom of what seems to be a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Meet-Cute
Hook-Up
Virgin Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
First Kiss
First Time
Hand Jobs
Quarantine
Pandemics
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Sharing a Bed
Panic Attacks
Identity Porn
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Mutual Pining
Artist Steve Rogers
Shower Sex
Wall Sex
Intercrural Sex
Falling In Love
Anal Fingering
Kitchen Sex
Scars
Explicit Consent
Cooking
First Dates
Celebrity Crush
United States
Dubious Consent Due To Identity Issues
but not really because hook up?
Sexual Roleplay
Light Angst
Love Confessions
Strip Games
Truth or Dare
Spanking
Slapping
Blindfolds
Handcuffs
okay we did not go full bdsm here suddenly
they are just discussing things very lightly
Dom/sub Undertones
very light undertones
Licking
Strip Tease
Dancing
Slow Dancing
Confessions
Frottage
Playlist
Mutual Masturbation
Gratuitous objectification of Steve Rogers
Simultaneous Orgasm
houston
Identity Reveal
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Insomnia
Anal Sex
Rimming
Gentle Sex
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Getting Together
stony hug and fly

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

