Chapter 1: When Good Days Go Bad
    


Notes:
EDIT: Thanks to free hotel wifi, now with proper line breaks and fewer doubled-up words!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony was having a good day. A fan-fucking-tastic day he thought to himself as he shot through the sky over Manhattan. First he’d somehow managed to get an entire ten hours of nightmare-free sleep without having to drink himself into a stupor first. That never happened. Never! These days, Tony’s sleep options were limited to alcohol-induced-haze or passing out exhausted on a bench in his workshop after pushing himself and his inventing beyond what most people thought possible. And yet there he was, snuggled up cosily in a duvet cocoon feeling the most rested he had for months. Things had only improved when, upon descending to the tower’s communal level, Bruce had placed a great big steaming mug of liquid ecstasy in front of him and Steve had replaced his usual disapproving frown and reprimand (Tony, you really have to stop drinking so much coffee, you’re far too reliant on caffeine) with a cheery good morning and a plate full of homemade pancakes. Tony had decided right there and then that more gods than just ye olde thunder master must reside in his tower because Steve was clearly the god of breakfast foods. He’d had a moment an hour later when he thought his good luck had run out when a resolved looking Pepper had interrupted his merciless teasing of everyone’s favourite bird-brain and archer extraordinaire, demanding to speak to Tony privately. Things had been strained between them after Pepper had announced one rain drenched evening that she just couldn’t take it anymore; that after the whole extremis debacle, watching him risk life and limb with the rest of the Avengers was too much and they were better off as no more (but no less either, she was adamant to point out) than friends. Tony had of course blamed himself entirely, knowing full well that he was the problem, knowing that he just wasn’t good enough to be someone’s boyfriend, partner, significant other. Following that, it had taken both Bruce and Steve six months and an infinite amount of patience to drag Tony out of the bottom of the bottle into which he had sunk. Even now, a further eight months on, he hadn’t managed to completely quit the alcohol, turning to it regularly in attempts to drown out the terror that awaited him in his dreams (nightmares). But it had given him a newfound appreciation for his team mates and he now took great delight in treating both men as his platonic cuddle buddies much to everyone’s embarrassment except his own. (The shade of red Steve turned whenever Tony nuzzled into the crook of his neck was particularly delicious)  So it was with some trepidation that he had followed his ex-lover back up to the penthouse suite. His bee-line for the bar with the usual rambling nonsense falling from his mouth had been cut unexpectedly short however by Pepper’s short and sharp “Tony, please. ” The subtle undercurrents to her tone of voice had betrayed her nervousness, the slightly raw pleading edge slipping past her usual cool façade of professionalism. He himself had almost not caught it and wouldn’t have at all if hadn’t been for their shared history from as far back as his MIT days.  As it was, he had caught it, and it was enough to bring him up short and render him into silence (an occurrence so rare that anyone who managed to induce it ought to be awarded a medal). “Pep…” his own nerves could clearly be heard in the way his voice had trailed off. “Look Tony, it’s been months now since we… since we decided to go our separate ways.” At this point Tony had suddenly taken great interest in the tasselled edge of a red and gold cushion and Pepper had known then that she had to get out what she came here to say now, before he dropped back into the pit of depression that Steve and Bruce had so painstakingly dragged him out of. “What we had between us was great Tony, and some of my happiest memories are of our time together-”  “But you’ve met someone else.”  Even now after all their years of knowing one another, Tony had noted, she was surprised when he was able to make leaps of intuition like that. They don’t call me a genius for nothing,  he’d thought wistfully.  “Yes. Yes I have, Tony. He’s-”  “Are you happy?” He’d asked, cutting across her for the second time.  “We both are Tony, both Happy and I are happy.”He’d blinked right past the revelation that the man she was seeing was his long time bodyguard, driver and friend and honed into the part where he was having feelings. Happy feelings,  he’d realised with wonder. Instead of the expected jealousy, anger and self-loathing, joy had surged up within him; he was happy (he’d giggled internally at his own name-based pun) that two of his closest friends had found each other. He had been so busy exploring this unexpected revelation that he hadn’t seen the second one 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Magic!Tony
Hurt Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Loki Hates Tony
Only then he doesn't
Protective Loki
Nightmares
Anxiety Attacks
Panic Attacks
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Odin's A+ Parenting
Jötunn Loki
Tony is a Mage
Tony Stark Hates Magic
Science Bros
FrostIron - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

