Chapter 1: Setting the Scene
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter stared at the downturned permission slip on his desk, slouching back into his chair as the full weight of Pepper’s statement at breakfast – which he’d, at the time, ignored due to the pancakes topping ten on his plate – crashed over him. He stared listlessly at the slip, resisting the urge to put his head in his hands.
“Peter,” said Pepper, a little more uptight than usual. The new products were delayed, thanks to a manufacturing error in one of the German factories receiving the wrong pieces from one of the South Korean factories, and she was evidently (as always) more stressed about it than anyone else at the long table.But that wasn’t his fault, which judging from her tone alone was all he was about to be presented with: blame. Not that Pepper had ever blamed him for anything—except that time he’d nearly managed to blow up half the sitting room, which had been a joint venture between himself and Clint anyway, not that the archer had taken any responsibility.Peter kept his eyes set firmly on the stack of pancakes in front of him, oozing maple syrup and topped with an unhealthy amount of bacon.“Peter,” Pepper tried again. “Listen. Something is going to happen at school today, and you’re probably not going to like it.” She sat primly in her chair next to Mr. Stark, eating her own pancakes—a much reduced amount in comparisons to a few of the towers around the table. “But this is actually out of SI’s hands, so I thought I’d give you advance warning so you can prepare suitably for it.”Humming, Peter delivered a non-committal response as he dug into his pancakes.
Why the Hell hadn’t he listened? He should have figured it out; he was smart, after all, smarter than most of the people in the classroom, teacher included, even considering his school was STEM—so why hadn’t he?The slip mocked him as he shoved his elbows against his desk with a little force, rattling it and causing a few of his classmates to glance across to him. Mr. Harrington recalled their attention easily, though he was having a hard time gaining Peter’s. “... So, we should take this opportunity to immerse ourselves in the environment of the fields you’ll one day be working in.” Pacing along the length of the white board, Mr. Harrington slowed up and finally came to a stop. “Now that that’s settled – would you actually like to know where you’re going on your field trip?”A collective murmur came from most of the class, Peter excluded. His stomach churned as he watched Mr. Harrington’s mouth form around the words, “Turn over your slips.” But he was already prepping himself for the inevitable explosion of noise.The rustle of paper splintered around him and—“No way!” shouted Flash from a desk forward, practically leaping from his seat as the noise bubbled around him. “Stark Industries? We’re going to Stark Industries?”“That’s right, Flash,” Mr. Harrington preened, turning to the white board. “Now, class, I have to go over a few things with you...”Peter continued not to listen, his eyes ghosting across the words STARK INDUSTRIES FIELD TRIP with calculated horror in his system. It was scheduled for Friday – this Friday, Peter realised with dread, which was one of the weekends Mr. Stark and a delightful array of Avengers spent in New York. Why not next week? he thought with dismissive concern, knowing too well it was futile to even begin planning anything—to try and convince Pepper to have it rescheduled. There was no point of that considering, as he read the slip more carefully, he realised it really was out of their hands.Dammit, it’s that stupid governmental initiative. Peter clenched his fist against the desk, resisting the urge to shake his head at the small print; Secretary of Education, Maria Rosendale, maintains the nation-wide Open For All initiative for the enhancement of students and progressive learning by taking the classroom to the companies. If there was one name (well, there were quite a few actually) which got dragged through the mud at dinner, it was Secretary Rosendale’s.Thankfully, Peter had never met her but he’d witnessed the aftermath of a meeting Mr. Stark had taken with her on discussion of the stupid Open For All scheme; she’d been hoping to have an endorsement from Stark Industries to put on her papers—especially after failing to get one from Oscorp. But Mr. Stark – having been recently chastened by Pepper for not taking enough interest in paperwork – had read through the entire 243-page document and said he wouldn’t give a penny to it in a conversation Peter was reliably informed went like:Mr. Stark: “Look, I have kids. I know kids. This could be a good thing—except you’re the current US administration. You just cut funding to underprivileged schools, and stopped supporting valuable initiatives which sought to put good kids without a hope in hell of gettin’ somewhere into internships like ours. We’re s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Aunt May is dead
Sorry Not Sorry
Precious Peter Parker
Bullying
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Field Trip
Irondad
Fluff and Angst
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
probably
Domestic Avengers
Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Peter Parker is a Mess
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

