Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 You have been selected.  

Steve stared at the harsh black words on the slightly-too-yellow-to-be-called-white page he held clutched in his hands. Reading it ten times hadn't made it make anymore sense at all.

 You have been selected.  

The subway car rattled and shook, knocking his shoulder against the tall beta beside him and earning him a reproachful look. He muttered an apology, folding the paper up and shoving it back in his bag so he could hold the metal bar between the seats to steady himself. It was too warm. Someone else's hand had just been there, leaving an invisible hand print that made him want to wipe his palm on his jeans. 

 Selected.  

The word stood out, cold and empty, somehow crueler than "chosen" or "wanted." He'd been selected. By an alpha. He'd read the letter enough times now that he almost knew it off by heart.

 Dear Omega, 


 Congratulations! You have been selected. 

That was where he always got stuck. Maybe it was the exclamation mark that stung the most, making his mental voice twist upwards in a mockery of cheery excitement.  Congratulations!  That meant he should be happy, right? Happy that some alpha with a boner and nowhere to shove it had flipped through an endless list of lost, desperate, begging omegas and had settled on him - for some ungodly reason. He should be happy that, despite all of his efforts, he had managed to appeal to someone, someone who was so alone, so unappealing, that they had to resort to the registry to find a mate. Not that Steve really had a leg to stand on there.
Lust wasn't on most alpha's minds when they met him. At first glance, maybe, there might be some interest. He was small, thin, angular, maybe seemed easy to handle or small enough to toss around, at first. But when anyone got close, small turned into short, thin turned into scrawny, and angular turned into jagged. Even if that wasn't enough to turn even the most open-minded alpha off, he wore a perpetual scowl that Bucky assured him yelled, "fuck off" loudly enough that no one wanted to test what would happen if they didn't. He'd been passed over - first for kickball teams in the schoolyard, then for dates as unsure teens, adjusting to new expectations, then for bonding, as pairs matched or were matched and marched off into their new adult lives. 
Then he was passed over for jobs, apartments, scholarships, healthcare, and, finally, perhaps the biggest blow, the army. 
This selection was the one -  one - time he was counting on his innate and unshakable ability to be passed over, and it had failed him. His name had been plucked handily out of the fishbowl of fate, like Primerose fucking Everdeen being reaped - and he had no sibling to get him out of this one. 

 Congratulations! You have been selected. 

The subway screeched to a halt with an unholy grind of brakes on time-smoothed metal and Steve braced his hand against the pole to keep from rocking into the beta beside him again. The doors chimed, then opened and people filed on. They were mostly betas, a few alphas mixed in, sharp, spicy scent tingling the back of Steve's nose, and a few bonded omegas. He kept his chin down but couldn't help flicking his eyes over each person that stepped on. 
They said you never dreamed new faces, only ones you'd seen before, and Steve had to assume he couldn't draw new faces either. They were all amalgamations of faces he'd seen before, puzzle-pieced together into something pretending to be new, unique. So he figured he'd fill up his catalog as much as he could, give his dreams, and therefore his sketching pencil, as much fodder as possible. He watched people.
His ability to be passed over had always aided him here, too, allowing him the freedom to openly study those around him without getting strange looks or accidentally appearing challenging. 
A slim omega with a green, felt hat sat across from him, clutching her purse in her lap. Her alpha stood nearby, leaned against the pole to use both hands to look down at his phone, and she kept sliding her eyes up to him and pursing her lips like she was finishing an argument they'd started earlier in her head - maybe more to her liking this time.
Steve traced the curve of her eyebrow with his eyes, fingers twitching almost imperceptibly in his lap as he imagined the way he would capture it on the page. She had a unique shape to her face, long but not unpleasant, her mouth small and tight and her eyes large and expressive. She was heavily made-up in a way that was clearly designed to look completely natural, three layers of primer and foundation smudging away the natural freckles that peeked up over the neckline of her blouse. Heavy mascara made her eyes look even larger, while pink blush washed back in the healthy glow the foundation had covered up. 
 Was she from the registry? Steve couldn't help but wonder. Maybe not. Maybe they'd met at a party, a few years ago, her alpha spotting her from across the room as little hearts 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Identity Porn
Angst with a Happy Ending
Domestic Fluff
Pining
Mutual Pining
Misunderstandings
Arranged Marriage
Celestial Navigation Remix
Poverty
Stress About Money
Attempted Sexual Assault
Sexual Harassment
Explicit Sexual Content
Romantic Steve Rogers
Iron Man 1
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Slow Burn
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Possessive Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Artist Steve Rogers
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Fake Dating
kind of
bed sharing
Falling In Love
Secret Identity
Getting Together
Romance

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

