Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Two weeks ago..."Ya know, for a self-proclaimed Southern Gentleman, you sure don't take me anywhere nice, these days," complained Marie. "It was not my doing this time, cherie," said Remy, hamming up his stupid accent. Logan rolled his eyes. The pair ran hot and cold more than he did. Today they were hot, and therefore insufferable. "Could you two at least pretend to focus?" he asked, his tone a touch more surly than he intended. "Just because you ain't gettin' none…" muttered Remy, too quiet for any typical person, but clear as a bell to Logan's ears. Logan shot him a filthy look, and got a cheeky wink in return. "Just keep pokin' the bear, Cajun."There was a soft swatting sound, followed by girlish giggles. Logan gritted his teeth and darted across the next clearing. A mansion lay half a mile ahead. Rumor had it the owner was kidnapping mutants. No one knew why, but the reasons were never good. He, Remy, and Marie were approaching from the east, while Scott, Kurt, and Hank slipped in from the north. So far there hadn't been any issues, but that luck wasn't bound to last. The overwhelming odor of rotting vegetation and fetid water clung to the inside of his sinuses, turning his sour mood even darker. Swamps were his least favored terrain, even more so than that time he was lost in the Namibian desert for a month. Sure, he nearly went insane from the constant sunburn, starvation, and thirst, and he still found red sand in his gear five years later, but at least it didn't stink to high heaven.The soft crunch of footsteps ahead caught his ear. He lifted a fist and and tucked against the nearest tree. The pair were quiet as they copied him. It took three minutes for the patrol to reach them. It took less than 3 seconds for he and Marie to silently dispatch them. "Nicely done, mes amies," said Remy as he slipped further into the trees. Logan frisked the unconscious guards and found an ear piece. He jammed it into his ear. Other than loaded weapons, the two had nothing of interest. They caught up with Remy at the edge of a soupy pond that stretched beyond their sight in either direction. The Cajun whispered, "I know there's a bridge, but this will be less noticable."Logan bit back a groan. He wasn't a princess, nor was he made of sugar, but these mucky pools were never as easy to cross as they looked. And there were likely crocs lurking nearby. The reeking swamp cancelled out any chance he had of sniffing them out first. Plus he'd just gotten these leathers broken in. Marie hovered above the surface. "Ah could carry y'all across."Remy perked up. "You can carry me  any --"Logan cut him off with a sharp wave of his hand. "Yeah, let's get it over with."Marie hooked her arms under his armpits and they whooshed over the water in a breath. She dropped him from a few feet up.  It wouldn’t normally be an issue, but as he landed, his boots sank deep into the muddy ground and he over-balanced, toppling flat onto his back with a wet thuck. From there, things just got better. His damn skeleton weighed him down just enough that he couldn't haul himself loose without sinking further. The muck was quickly closing around his face when he stopped struggling. Swamp ooze flooded through every possible opening in his leathers, leaving him soaked through and through, and fuming with restrained fury. That restraint barely held when Remy was set lightly to his feet, nearly snorting with laughter as Marie hovered above, trying her best to get a grip that would let her pull him free. In the end, it took the combined effort of Marie and Remy and the assistance of a thick tree branch to haul him out of the thick mud. Clumps of muck fell to the ground in wet plops, and all the ooze that had snuck behind the leather began running down his skin in frigid rivulets. The earpiece was long gone, sucked away in the mud that was now occupying his ear canal. He began walking, ignoring how his boots squelched with every step. His hands shook in tight fists as Remy doubled over in laughter and Marie turned away to hide her own reaction. "I'm going to stab both of you when this is done," he growled."Oh come on, Wolverine. You'd be laughing if it was Swamp Boy.""Yeah.  After , when we aren't attempting to sneak into some rich asshole's shack to find him torturing innocent people.  Can we please get this over with?"He stalked forward without waiting for the chucklefucks. The mud that wasn't falling away was starting to stiffen, and the water filling his boots was causing severe chafing over his ankle bones. Healing factor or no, it hurt like a bitch, evaporating any hope of salvaging his focus. That was made crystal clear when Hank popped into sight without warning, making him jolt and nearly jam his claws into the man's chest. "Sorry to catch you off-guard, friend." Hank lifted his brows. "Did you go…swimming?"Kurt apparated beside them and made a low gagging sound. "Couldn’t you have waited until after we were done to wallow
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Logan (X-Men)/Original Female Character
Remy Lebeau & Rogue
Remy LeBeau/Rogue
Rogue - Relationship

freeform: 
Sweet/Hot
Slow Burn
Kissing
Eventual Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Smut
Bakery and Coffee Shop
Coffee
Baked Goods
Original Character(s)
Non-Canon Relationship
Angst and Romance
Romance
Eventual Romance
Slow Romance
Action & Romance
Adventure & Romance
Drama & Romance
Falling In Love
Love at First Sight
Friends to Lovers
Romantic Friendship
Fights
Mystery
Action/Adventure
Mutants
Mutant Powers
Post - X-Men Origins: Wolverine (2009)
Original Fiction

fandom: 
Logan (X-Men)/Original Female Character
Remy Lebeau & Rogue
Remy LeBeau/Rogue
Rogue - Relationship

