Work Text:
Hank's been alone in his lab for three days. Alex is all about giving people their space, and processing time, and whatever else the Professor likes to babble on about, but this is enough; Alex draws the line.He doesn't bother knocking; he knows Hank will try and put him off, if he answers at all. Instead, he comes up behind Hank and puts his arms around his neck. Pushes his nose into the mane of hair that now surrounds his head, and just breathes. It still smells like Hank - his shampoo, his soap. The weird musk-man smell he'd always tried to hide is back in full-force, and Alex breathes in again, deeply.Hank stills almost immediately. “What are you doing?” he asks, voice a half octave too high.“I missed you,” Alex says. It’s not really his thing, talking about how he feels, but he knows it gets Hank where it counts, so he can suck it up for the moment. "You've been avoiding me, bozo --" So sue him, he's still Alex Summers -- "and I was giving you your space, but I'm done playing it your way."Hank flinches, a little. "I haven't--""I'm not a genius, but I'm not stupid, Jesus." Hank's idea of subtle is a lot like a brick to the face. "I know you're - we're all - shit happened, okay, I get that, and when you look in the mirror your face isn't yours -" Big flinch there, good to know Hank still has all the same issues. "But I miss you, and I'm not letting you lock yourself away in here just because the Professor isn't up to kicking your ass yet."Hank doesn't say anything, just places one of his hands on Alex's arm. The skin there is courser, thicker than normal, than it used to be. It still feels good."I'm sorry for hiding," he says. "I never thought -""Yeah, you do a lot of that for a smart guy," Alex snaps back, and hides his grin in the side of Hank's neck. "I get needing alone time, okay? And I know the lab's your space, or whatever, but you were sort of freaking me out.""I'm sorry," Hank says again, and he's the sort of guy that would say that all night if you let him, but Alex has no taste for it."You're forgiven," he says easily, swinging around to sit on Hank's lap, and then laughs. "Jesus, you're so big." And he's not even talking about the obvious - just the stretch of his thighs trying to straddle Hank in his chair. He wants to call him a beast, really, but Hank's still touchy about, oh, everything, and Alex only pushes him so far. And not in moments like these.He decides to kiss him instead. It’s not their first time doing this, just the first time since Hank’s transformation. And yeah, Hank's bigger, and bluer, and from the way he's sniffing Alex and biting his neck, its going to get a lot beastier too, but Alex doesn't care. He's definitely not afraid; he's never afraid with Hank. It sounds stupid, but its one of the things he likes best about him. Right now Alex just wants to work on figuring out the new shape of Hank's lips, the points of his teeth, the texture of his tongue.I'm gonna figure you out, Alex thinks to himself. I'll relearn you, every bit, every inch."Come on," he says. "Hank, come on." He really doesn't fucking care that Hank's big and blue - they'll figure out the logistics as they go.They run to Hank's bedroom; it's closer, and considering how much time Hank spends in the lab, almost immaculately clean. In contrast, the sheets on the bed are rumpled, tossed everywhere, like Hank failed to fall asleep and then took it out on the bed. Alex yanks off his shirt, pulls off his pants and in his peripheral visions watches Hank do the same. Hank's hands are clumsy, excessive; he fumbles twice with the zipper of his pants, he wrenches three buttons off of his shirt. Which Alex might make fun of him for if he wasn't so eager to take a look at Hank's dick.He's just saying - Hank got bigger, maybe everything else grew proportionately.His dick is blue now - which, big surprise there - but a darker shade than the rest of him, like his hair, or his lips. More purple. Especially around the head, which is big, and wet already.  Alex wants to fucking choke himself on it, Hank's hands in his hair, pushing him down, greedy, while Alex gasps and swallows and swallows until he's got every last inch he can take, and he's not gonna stop sucking until Hank has gone soft and when his dick slips from Alex's mouth it leaves a wet trail of spit and come all down Alex' face. Alex - he knows he's staring, he feels the way his jaw dropped slightly, the drool pooling in his mouth. He wants, oh, he wants --Hank catches him staring, and that's it, the awkward-face is back."Don't even," Alex says, and he launches himself at Hank for good measure. Literally launches, and he knocks Hank onto the bed more by surprise than force. "I can't wait," he slurs, because sex does this to him, it knocks him out, it makes him languid, it makes him want. He gets pushy and malleable all at once. "I want to suck your cock so bad," he croons, shoving one hand between Hank's legs, fingers sliding just over the head, and Han
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

freeform: 
Knotting

fandom: 
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

