Chapter 1: "he told me, please don't worry"
    




Chapter Text
When Bucky came back Tony knew it was only a matter of time before Steve left him. It wasn’t hard to see, it was a love that stretched past time and death themselves. Tony knew Steve was taking his time because Tony was the pack omega and you don’t just leave your omega without risking the whole pack going with or separating as a whole, and Steve loves them all too much to lose them.
Well not Tony,  of course,  and obviously Steve wants his pack to be led by Bucky. 
The thing was, Tony was raised by Maria Stark. That  meant something. Maria Stark was the highest social elite there ever was, adored by all and who’s glamour and poise was so desperately copied. Maria taught Tony all he needed to know to survive in this world as an omega.
Ruthlessness, wit, and a  wonderful legal team. 
Maria Stark was a woman who spent 12 hours a day in heels and never once took them off until she entered the bedroom for bed. Tony remembered all the band aids, blisters and blood on his mother's feet as he sat on her bed, looking in awe of her.
“Jesus , Maria, you are allowed to wear other shoes.” Howard would grumble almost angry, but more concerned as he put on new band aids for her. Maria giggled and reached over and pinched Tony’s little cheek.
“We mustn't let the wolves see us bleed.” Was all she said, booping the end of Tony’s nose. It wasn’t until Steve came back with Bucky did Tony finally understand what his mother meant, what all her nuggets of wisdom meant.
And of course Tony was everything Maria taught him to be. A wonderful host and an even better wife. Tony did everything  perfectly. He had the pack organized and united, he had their ritual with all of them. Natasha would make him dinner on Fridays, Thor always took Tony out on Mondays, everyone sought Tony out for everything.
That’s what it means to be the pack omega, the emotional support of everyone. The mother, the guardian, the shield, the empath, the  warmth. 
Tony was always in perfect physical condition, everything toned and trimmed and tailored. Perfect, always. And Tony loved it because they adored him for it. They whispered soft, nice things in his ear and ran their hands through his hair like he loved. It was perfect, it was beautiful. 

 We mustn't let the wolves see us bleed. 

Tony thought as he stood in the doorway of his and Steve’s bedroom. This is what his mother meant, keep your breath, keep your poise,  wait, then pounce.
Tony’s knee jerk reaction to seeing Bucky getting railed from behind by his husband and alpha was to  scream, yell, yell until his voice became nothing. To scream and yell and cry, but  no,  that’s not good enough.  

 To unjust. 

So Tony simply turned around and headed down the stairs, to see most of his pack. They all turned to him and all their eyes widened. Even  Natasha  couldn’t hide her surprise. On any other day Tony would have taken that as a victory, but today it's just  sad . Tony could see all their questions on their stunned lips.

 Aren’t you supposed to be in Paris? Jarvis didn’t announce you were home. 


 What are you doing here? 

Tony looked at all of them, eyes wide and barely holding back tears. He  would  keep them back,  don't let the wolves see you bleed. Tony could hear Bucky come, and Tony just shook his head and let out a small laugh.
“You  knew.” Was all he said, then all chaos erupted from his pack mates, worry and sadness in their voices and eyes. They fled to him as if afraid he would disappear, as if they could touch the sun. As if to throw themselves down to the omegas feet and beg their savior for forgiveness. Tony held up his hands and no one dared to move closer, to say a word. Tony could tell by the sounds of upstairs that Steve was clueless as ever. 
Tony just shook his head and walked out the door and got into the car he came back in. Tony simply entered the driver seat, the car’s dashboard and inner lights turned on, JARVIS was saying something but all Tony could hear was a loud ringing in his ears, loud white noise. Almost as if someone was screaming. 
“Take me to Pepper.” Tony mumbled out, the car started to move and Tony looked blankly into space until the car eventually stopped. Tony had no idea how long he had been driving. Tony assumed JARVIS called ahead of time because Pepper was waiting outside Tony’s country vacation house that was 4 hours outside of the city. Pepper must have been taking a weekend to herself.
Tony got out of the car and looked at Pepper who’s eyes looked concerned. Pepper knew Tony too well, she was a wonderful alpha. Tony walked up to Pepper and smiled at her.
“I thought you were in Paris, is everything okay?” Pepper asked, putting her hands on Tony’s arms and rubbing them. “Tony you’re shaking.”
“I came back because I peed on a stupid stick it was positive. And I came back to find my stupid alpha fucking his long lost stupid love and my stupid pack completely complicit in it as well.” Tony sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Pepper Potts
Alpha James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Omega Janet Van Dyne
Cheating
Infidelity
sex sex in later chapters
Self-Indulgent
Crack Treated Seriously
tags and relationship tags will change as the story goes probably
Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Mpreg
IronStrange endgame
Alpha Stephen Strange
I'm Bad At Summaries

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

