Chapter 1: June 24-30, 1935
    


Notes:
If you reconize it then it's not mine. Un'betad so hopefully there aren't too many mistakes. I have done a quick edit changing Euphemia's last name, but it's not important until the thrid book




Chapter Text
The day had started out like any other day. Sixteen-year-old Steve Rogers was sitting outside in the tiny greenspace near his house sketching, when there was a blinding flash of golden light. When he could see again there was the body of a small boy lying in front of him. Seeing the blood, he threw down his sketch pad and rushed to see if the boy was still alive. Noticing the rise and fall of the boy’s chest Steve let out a sigh of relief. Looking up Steve called out to his friend, glad for once that James Barnes was never far. “Bucky! I need a hand over here!”“Steve, what’s going on? Are you okay…who’s this?”“I don’t know. He came running around the corner looking panicked and scared, then he fell and passed out. You have to help me take him home.” Steve was quick to lie in order to cover up the boys clearly magical arrival.“Steve, we don’t know anything about him…”“Bucky, he’s bleeding out. We need to get him to my Ma, so she can patch him up. He’s in no condition to do anything to anyone.”Shaking his head Bucky bent down to pick the small boy up. “You better run ahead and warn your Ma Steve.”Nodding Steve took off towards his house. He was glad Bucky had suggested he go ahead. Crashing through his front door Steve yelled for his mom. “Ma! Ma, we need your help!”Sarah Rogers stepped out of her room, her hair a wild mess. “Steve sweetie, what’s wrong? Are you hurt?”“No Ma, its not me or Bucky. I don’t know where he came from, he just appeared out of nowhere. His back is badly injured and he’s losing a lot of blood. I think we need to call granddad.”Nodding, Sarah tied her apron and pulled her hair up into a messy bun before clearing off the kitchen table. “Where is he?”“Bucky’s bringing him.”“Go get my emergency kit then call your granddad.” Not waiting to see if her son followed her orders, Sarah put pots of water on the stove to boil while covering the table with a stained, but sterile cloth. Steve returned with his mother’s emergency kit just as Bucky arrived carrying the small boy. “Put him down on the table James.” While Bucky put the boy down Sarah gathered what she needed from her kit. “If you need to head home James, Stephen and I can handle this.”Understanding the dismissal when he heard it, Bucky frowned, but headed towards the door. “If you need help, you’ll come and get me?”“Of course, James.”“Don’t worry Bucky, Ma and I have this under control. I’ll let you know how he’s doing.”With one last glance at the unconscious and bloody boy Bucky left, heading back to his house. The moment he left Steve pulled out a second emergency kit from behind the stove. Opening it he began pulling out potions and other magical medical supplies. “Granddad said he would floo in a couple of minutes with more supplies.”“Good. Help me take his cloths off, I need to see just how badly he’s hurt.” Together mother and son worked to uncover and clean the boy’s injuries.“Sarah? Steven?” a deep masculine voice called out from one from the back rooms.“In the kitchen Da.” The man that entered the kitchen was tall and young looking, he looked no more than 30, though he was closer to 60. His shoulder length blond hair was tied back in a low ponytail. All in all, Lord Theodore Grant was a very imposing figure. “Steven said this boy is probably magical, what have you found so far Sarah?” Theodore walked closer to the kitchen table, staring down at the unconscious boy.“I haven’t had much time to examine him, but the cuts on his back are definitely magical in origin. Could you cast a diagnostic charm Da?”“Of course, dear one.” Pulling out his wand Theodore allowed himself a moment to bemoan the fact that his only child was a squib and that due to his illnesses his grandson was little better. Though, he thought as he cast the spell. It’s probably Steven’s magic keeping him alive though all his medical issues. Scanning the parchment Theodore scowled and recast the spell.“Dad…is everything alright?” silently he handed his daughter the parchment, then began casting spell upon spell on the boy. Reading the parchment Sarah paled, “oh my.”“Ma? What’s going on?” coming up beside his mom Steve took the parchment from her hands and read it over.
Hadrian (Harry) Jameson Potter-Black born July 31, 1980

Father: Jameson (James) Fleamont Potter – deceased

Mother: Lily Elenore Evans – deceased

Godfather: Sirius Orion Black – incapacitated 

List of Injuries

Spider bite with poison – left leg

Large cut – right arm

Horcrux in curse scar….
Steve wasn’t sure which alarmed him most, the boy’s birthdate or the massive list of injuries. “How accurate is this Granddad?”“Very. I can understand your concern, but I haven’t miscast a diagnostic spell since I started healer training. Somehow this boy managed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Time Travel

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

