Work Text:
“Kid, what are you doing?” Peter’s in the living room, head hanging off the edge of the couch with his feet thrown over the back. He’s just laying there, not moving. Which is odd, Tony notes, because his kid is nearly always either moving or talking or both. Right now he’s doing neither. When he speaks Peter’s voice is unusually dull, “Waiting for the sweet release of death, Mr. Stark.” Tony stops dead in his tracks, mouth opening and closing as he tries to find a way to respond to that. Finally, he regains his ability to move and goes to sit next to Peter on the couch. “Pete, what’s up?” Tony asks, trying his damn best to stay calm but Peter’s words and tone terrify him. Huffing, Peter sits up—you know, like a normal human. He mumbles something under his breath that Tony can’t catch. “I can help, but I need you to talk to me.” Tony reaches out to brush a hand through Peter’s curls. To his surprise, Peter moves away from the hand, glaring. Now he knows something’s up; his kid is constantly wanting for affection, for a hair ruffle or a hug or a pat on the back. Still glaring, Peter says, “I can’t believe you’d ruin my life like this.” The hurt must show on Tony’s face because Peter looks slightly regretful. “You just had to go and give this stupid field trip to my school. Of all the schools you could’ve picked to tour Stark Industries you chose mine. ‘Cause you obviously want me to die.” Tony laughs, much to Peter’s chagrin. “That’s what you’re upset about?” “Yes, that’s what I’m upset about,” Peter mocks. Still laughing, Tony ruffles his kid’s hair as he responds, “Kid, I’m sorry that it upsets you but I had absolutely no control over that. This is the first I’m hearing about it.” “What?” The look of complete shock on Peter’s face is absolutely hilarious and it takes all of Tony’s willpower not to start cackling upon seeing it. “Yeah you should probably ask Pepper.” Peter hums in agreement, turning to bury himself in Tony’s arms. “Sorry I went off on you.” Tony only presses a kiss to his hair and mumbles something about being allowed to have his moments of teenage angst. It’s only a few minutes later that Tony’s phone screen lights up with the name “Peppy” written across the top. He quickly hits the answer button and answers with a bright “Hey Pep! What’s up?” “Tony have you signed those papers I gave you last week?” she asks. Giving a little wince, Tony decides its best not to confront the issue at this time. “There was something Peter wanted to ask you,” he says abruptly, thrusting the phone into Peter’s hand. His laugh at Peter’s betrayed face is bordering evil. Tony leaves the room looking like the cat that caught the canary. Peter’s gonna kill him.“Hey Miss Potts! I was just wondering if you were the one who gave Midtown the field trip to SI?” He hears her hum in thought before she answers. “No, I didn’t do that. Did you already ask Tony?” “Yeah,” he sighs. “Who else would have the clearance to decide on this?” The line goes quiet for a bit so Peter fidgets with the hem of his shirt. He desperately tries not to think of all the situations in which this field trip could go horribly wrong as he listens to Miss Potts shuffle through stacks of paper on the other end of the call. “Ah, here it is. Okay so it looks like only me, Tony, Happy, or...” Peter jumps from his seat on the couch, asking, “Or who?” “Harley,” she answers reluctantly. “Please don’t kill my intern. I need him.” Harley had asked to move into the Tower about a year ago and Tony being Tony said yes. During a meeting he’d walked in on, Harley had proven that he was scarily capable in the business world and Miss Potts had immediately made him her personal intern. Currently, Stark Industries is set to be inherited by both Peter and Harley; Peter on the science and technology aspect and Harley on the business end. For some god awful reason this position affords Harley the power to ruin Peter’s life. Groaning in exasperation, Peter rubs a hand against his forehead to alleviate some stress. It isn’t working. “I’m not gonna promise you that, because I might actually kill him.” “It could still have been Happy?” Miss Potts offered weakly. Peter lets out a snort, not believing that for a second. “Yeah, sure.” He takes a breath. “Well, thank you for answering my question, Miss Potts. I’ll see you for Sunday dinner.” “Of course, Peter. Will Harley be there?” “That’s yet to be determined,” he says through a laugh, hanging up the phone. Tony’s head pops into the room, a slightly terrified look on his face. “Is she gone?” Peter rolls his eyes even as he answers, “Mhm she’s gone.” Releasing a relieved gust of air, Tony steps back into the common area. “Alright kid, what do you wanna eat tonight? Is Harley gonna be here for dinner or is he gonna be down in the labs getting on to interns?” A wicked smirk overtakes Peter’s face. “Oh, he’s gonna be here.” Tony decides that he really, really doesn’t wanna know. *** At dinner that night, they’re all sit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Soft Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Adopted Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
ish
Protective Harley Keener
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
im sorry
Harley Keener is a little shit
Genius Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Harley Keener
not steve friendly in a vague way ??
not wanda friendly in a vague way
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Field Trip
Precious Peter Parker
Mutual Pining
Boys In Love
Idiots in Love
Boys Kissing
no beta we die like men
someone’s probably ooc
does anyone read these ???
if so hi :D

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

