Work Text:
Clint says Bucky has a drinking problem. 

But he just doesn't understand his Eastern European genetics okay, Natasha totally has his back on that. And who gives a shit about what Clint says anyway, he's only right like 16 percent of the time. 

And also, fuck that. This is college. Whatever.


"I hate it when you're right," Bucky moans, rolling onto his back. Clint's spinning in Bucky's desk chair and snacking on white cheddar flavoured popcorn, occasionally taking time to lob some at Bucky's head which is so beyond cruel, because Bucky is a dying man. This is what dying feels like and Bucky is dying.

"It's not so much being right but knowing the basic human knowledge that drinking a bottle of --"

"Fuck, don't say it oh god--"

"-- Jack Daniels and missing dinner would only end in this." Clint says flippantly and ends it with a popcorn toss that sticks in Bucky's hair.

"I hate you." Bucky says.

"Oh please. You love me. And I brought you that bottle of water for a reason. Come on. Sober up. Chop, chop. We have orientation in 3 hours."

Bucky gets to his elbows with one eye closed because it's still too damn bright and unscrews the lid, taking a generous chug which he knows isn't wise, it'll only make him puke (again) but really, he's only human.

"I think it's adorable that you think I can even get out of bed let alone go to orientation. I'm a sophomore why the hell do I need to be there." Bucky throws himself back on the mattress.

"Um, hot guys and girls on the beach?" Clint says and looks at him like he's an idiot. "And food. Food okay? Nat’s meeting us there and she had more than you last night so yeah, look at your life." Clint gets up, carrying his popcorn like he's cradling a baby. 

"I'm coming back for you and you better be dressed." And heads to the door of Bucky's dorm. "Also open a window it smells like whiskey and bad decisions."

"You smell like whiskey and bad decisions," Bucky mumbles into his pillow but Clint is already gone and it was a miserable come back anyway. 
 Bucky calls it a victory that he’s up and dressed five minutes before Clint returns with two large slurpees. When Bucky takes a sip he chokes. Clint’s eyes light up. “Is that vodka? Are you demented?” Bucky asks wildly to Clint’s retreading back as he makes it out of the dorm room and Clint levels him with a look over his shoulder, eyebrow quirked.“It’s not like you’re never going to drink again. And it’s orientation.”   “You keep saying that like that matters to me.” Bucky almost forgets, and turns back into his room for his baseball duffel carrying his mitt and ball. He might as well try and have fun and get some practice in if he’s going to be dragged against his will. He shoulders it and follows Clint out, kicking the door shut behind him. Clint presses the elevator button. “You’re gonna be thanking me when you’re neck deep in homework and living in the library stacks.” “I wouldn’t hold my breath,” Bucky mutters when the doors open and reluctantly, takes another sip. 
  The beach is packed and littered with so many students, it’s hard to tell who’s just at the beach and who is here for orientation week. A couple of food trucks are parked on the board walk and there’s a volleyball net set up close to the water but mostly there’s just teenagers, sitting on the sand or benches or standing, nursing solo cups and laughing under the sun. Bucky hates to admit it but, it’s kind of nice.  Natasha is already there, her red hair topped with a straw hat and she’s sipping on iced tea and smiles when they approach her. “Well somebody looks chipper after last night.” Bucky stops. “I was going to hug you but I don’t think you deserve it any more.” She laughs over Clint’s shoulder who pulls her into a crushing hug and then reaches for him anyway and Bucky is already too much of a sucker for her to not respond in kind.  “You boys going to toss a ball around like father and son?” She asks and Clint slaps a hand on Bucky’s right shoulder and holds on.  “Someone’s gotta make sure this guy gets into the big league.”  Bucky elbows Clint in the side, but he’s smiling, fond. Natasha takes another sip, smiling around it. “I’ll get us something to eat. Unless, you’re still in that phase where food is the enemy Bucky.” She winks when Clint just barks out a laugh and Bucky groans to the sky.  “I am never drinking with you two again, I mean it this time.”  “You’re kind of doing it now.” Clint points out. “That’s iced tea.” Bucky says to Natasha's drink. She quirks a perfect eyebrow just as Clint loses it, shoving Bucky a little too hard through it.  
 Their twin jumbo slurpees are half way finished and melting in their spots in the sand and Bucky is already feeling the warm buzz of stepping into the precipice of being moderately tipsy. They make sure to find a spot not too crowded with people and take turns in pitching and catching. Right now, Bucky’s throwing a good couple of feet away from Clint who catches the ball perfectly every time.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Kate Bishop
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
steve is a hipster
Bucky Needs To Use His Words
clint and natasha are bro's
Misunderstandings
pre-serum steve
beyond fluff
i swear to god i never thought i could be capable
clint is the best friend you want
Background Relationships
Fluff and Crack
crack fic sort of
Recreational Drinking
please drink safely
Frat Parties

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Kate Bishop
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

