Chapter 1: ipod
    




Chapter Text
Dudley was the one who got Darcy her first iPod. Well. It was an MP3 player; iPods hadn't come out yet, but he would give her one of them too eventually.She was sat hunched at his kitchen table, knobby knees pulled up to her chest as the wireless blared. Hiding. Not that she would admit it. Things had been strange lately. Not her usual type of strange, which usually spelled Voldemort, but an internal sort of strange. She'd felt it again earlier, railing against old Tiberius Nott and his archaic proposed werewolf legislation, stronger than ever. A sort of liquid, all-consuming warmth that spread from the base of her throat across the rest of her body. The scariest part was that it wasn't scary at all. It felt familiar, felt right even.And Darcy had heard horror stories about the caliber of dark magic that made you feel like it was right. Those were the kinds of things that turned bubbly, sensitive young Hufflepuffs into someone called "Emerick the Evil". After Voldemort in her brain, and now with this feeling in the year since his death...Darcy didn't know what to think. She'd had her head checked at St Mungos and then in the Department of Mysteries for goodness' sake! Hermione had chucked every dark detection spell known to wizards at her after the Forest! There was nothing in her head.She still didn't feel safe.But somehow in her cousin's dingy, rundown flat she felt more safe than surrounded by scores of friends and admirers, any of whom she knew would lay down their lives for her in an instant. It was ridiculous, especially since for the first good half of her life Dudley was the one she should have been hiding from. Yet here she was. She heard him long before he entered the room, of course; he wasn't morbidly obese like when they were children, but he had a boxer's bulk, and was unjustly tall to boot. He'd never manage to sneak up on her, which was a relief no matter how guilty. It wasn't paranoia if they really were out to get you.Still, he startled her with the little parcel clutched in his big, rough, bloody-knuckled hands. Dudley wasn't one for gifts, and it wasn't even Christmas! Darcy must've looked more surprised than she thought or something because he harumphed, ears going red in a very endearingly Dudley way. He put in on the table with a thunk and then sat across from her."You're blushing," she pointed out gleefully, as if it wasn't a semi-often occurance. He was a touch browner in skin tone than Darcy, but he hadn't had the benefit of growing up around the Weasley Terrors and a magic castle full of angsty, troublemaking magic users. Even Neville, once the most rosy-cheeked of them all, was practically immune to embarrassment these days. Dudley grunted and glowered in response, as if she would be intimidated by that."You're not frightening," she told him. "Voldie's stink eye was much worse. He probably could have won a competition, even as a kid."She grinned to herself at the thought of baby Tom Riddle standing in front of a panel of muggle judges like on those cooking shows, scowling as they cooed over the exquisitly angry line of his brows and the foreboding tilt of his head. One judge, she imagined, would be the requisite old curmudgeon and say that the squint of his eyes was much too much to be believable.And then baby Tom would pull out his wand and kill them all with that familiar hateful snarl and they'd fall in a way that was just as familiar, like a puppet with cut strings, dolls dropped carelessly to the floor and-Darcy reached for the package.Dudley didn't seem to have noticed anything. Good. But honestly! Now she couldn't even make silly jokes of her dead nemesis in the privacy of her own head?! By Loki, what was the world coming to? A small, slightly scuffed muggle device fell into her palm."Ooh, interesting!" she said, trying hard to sound normal. She'd always been a good liar...unless she blurted out something stupid in the heat of it. Like with Malfoy and the Polyjuice that got her detention for a month. It would've been longer, except it hadn't completely worn off, and with her face still half Parkinson even Snape couldn't have identified her. So instead he gave her detention every week for the stupidest-"It's an MP3 player," Dudley mumbled. "It, ah, holds songs, so you can listen to them whenever you want to.""Aww," Darcy said, forcibly shaking herself out of the nervous thought circle. "D, that's sweet of you. Thanks."And it really was. She was fine, happy.  The wave of bad memories retreated back into the ocean, or whatever poetic dung Snape had gone on about in an effort to make her learn Occlumency- Dudley grunted again, bringing her out of her head and, okay, maybe she wasn't fine, per se. But since when were any of them?The red flush had spread from Dudley's ears down his neck and into his cheeks by the time she clocked back in fully. He avoided eye contact, thank Merlin, instead looking down at his bruised hands. Darcy unfolded and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Dudley Dursley/Original Female Character(s)
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Female Harry Potter
Darcy Lewis Is a Good Bro
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Couch Cuddles
Ancient History
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate History
Queerplatonic Relationships
Werewolf Lavender Brown
Lavender Brown Lives
Werewolf Draco Malfoy
HP Mental Health Fest
Timeline What Timeline
What-If
Fix-It
I Will Go Down With This Ship
I'm Bad At Tagging
Feel-good
Light Angst
Mystery
Eventual Romance
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Protective Siblings
Protective Darcy Lewis
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Good Loki (Marvel)
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Gets a Hug
Darcy Lewis Needs a Hug
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Hugs
Ice Powers
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Muspellsheimr | Muspelsheim
Fire Powers
Alternate Norse Religion & Lore
On Hiatus

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Dudley Dursley/Original Female Character(s)
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Jane Foster/Thor

