Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony notices her tears first.
 
Tears are not something he’s comfortable with, from fucking anyone, but on the face of Darcy Lewis they’re like a punch to the chest that knocks out his breath.
 
He makes a habit out of not lying; he’s noticed the quick disintegration of Darcy’s quirky personality since she latched into a relationship with what society has deemed as “soul-mates”. He’s noticed the lack of smiles, the fading of her fan-fucking-tastic confidence, the shadows under her eyes from strenuous training and the weight that’s melted away under the care of nutritious drinks and no affection. Pepper has kept him from speaking up, though God (and Tony) knows she wants to eviscerate Barnes and Rogers as badly as he does, but it … it’s killing him, like literally, watching the vivacious woman lose herself to the belief that she’s not good enough.
 
(And fuck, fuck is Darcy good enough. Yes, she’s beautiful, drop-dead gorgeous with her breasts and curves and wicked, painted mouth. Pepper whispers about her in bed as he fucks her, and he returns the fantasies as he brings her off – there’s no denying the temptation of her body. But Tony loves being around her for more than just looking; loves her lack of filter and disregard for social norms (formal dress code means nothing, it’s great). Loves how her soft-science degree doesn’t keep her from knowing about his work, how she twists words to make jokes that poke and tease but don’t sting. Hatesthemfortryingtotakethataway).
 
Darcy’s standing against the glass of the workshop windows, and he notices her tears first. Then the shaking of her shoulders under her hefty sweater, the utterly defeated look in her eyes (where are her glasses?), the hesitation to come in when before she would have just busted in, no cares and all words.
 
“Jarvis,” he barks, already moving, watches as Darcy jumps when the door slides open, blue eyes moving to his, wide.
 
“C’mere,” he demands gruffly, pulls her against his chest before either of them can think enough about it to not do that, ew, emotions, wraps her as close as possible until his body aches from the effort and he wonders if hers does to. “You’re wanted kid, ok? Pepper and I would tie you down and fuck you all night every night if you’d let us. But we’ll settle for having you around, friends or … whatever shit it is people do these days.” He plays it off light.
 
“…or both?”
 
It’s quiet, muffled against his shoulder, tentative but definitely there. Tony smirks.
 
“Definitely both.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Hurt/Comfort
Darcy Feels
Steve and Bucky are Darcy's soulmates
And they suck at it
Tony thinks so too
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony
Protective Pepper

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Pepper Potts

