Chapter 1: Prelude
    




Chapter Text
This takes place after Infinity War and Endgame. Tony is alive, Nat is alive, and Steve is also alive. The Avengers live as a big family in the tower as the compound is being rebuilt. In this Aunt May is alive but has moved to Italy to pursue her dream job, leaving Peter in the capable hands of Tony and Pepper Stark.  Shortly after he was adopted by them. He has been living with them for almost two years. Morgan is here as well, Harley lives with the Starks and goes to school with Peter. Peter is sixteen (16), Harley is seventeen (17), and Morgan is ten (10). Harley addresses Tony as Dad, he considers Peter and Morgan as siblings even though he has a younger sister back in Tennessee. The Starks and Harley live on their own level but go down to the communal floor for movie nights, good homemade food, and gatherings of all the Avengers. They live at the tower along with the Avengers who Peter refers to as his aunts and uncles. The Avengers with families can live in the tower if they want. Clint and his family live in the tower. Scott on the other hand only visits the tower with Cassi on some occasions. Pietro is alive, he and Wanda are seventeen (17) and along with the other Avenger kids attend Midtown School for Science and Technology. They were adopted by Natasha.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Tony Stark acting as Nebula’s Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Pepper Potts
Everyone is Protective of Peter Parker
Swearing
a lot if it
it takes so long to tag things
honestly this is a shit show
Knowing me I forgot a few characters
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

