Work Text:
It has been a stressful week for your girlfriends, busy with their duties as heads of one of the largest mobs in NYC. Apparently one of the lesser-known mobs tired to take over part of their territory and let’s just say that they won’t be a problem anymore. They also had a big weapons deal that would be going down in a few days so they had to make sure everything was being done perfectly. Wanda was more on the club side of things while Natasha dealt with more weapons dealing. Unfortunately for you the handoff was being done in one of Wanda’s clubs, so she was quite involved with it this time, so neither had really paid attention to you over the last week or so. You were getting impatient and bored since you had no one to take care of you and shower you with attention like they normally do. You knew once this deal was done, they would come back to your side and give you the attention and praise you were craving. However, that wasn’t the case. Once the big deal with the Starks had been completed, he suggested that they celebrated, which would land you in the predicament you were in right now. They had decided to go party at one of their clubs for safety reasons, but now you were bored out of your mind to put it lightly. Stark was holding your girlfriends captive at a booth in the VIP section of the club. Since they were too busy to actually give you the attention you decided to find it somewhere else. Walking to the bar you spot Carol, Yelena, and Valkyrie or Val for short, best friends and right hands of your girlfriends, getting drinks. Greeting them and wedging yourself between them with a gleam in your eyes. “Whatever it is I'm not helping you. I know that look and it can't be good.” Carol said before you even got a word out. “Wow, I didn't even ask for anything yet and you are already rejecting me.”“Okay, what do you want from us?” Yelena asked from your right.“Nothing, I'm just bored out of my mind and want someone to drink and dance with.”“So, you are trying to get Wanda and Nat's attention?” Carol spoke up.“What! No, I'm not...”Carol gave you a look that said you know you can't lie to us; we can read you like an open book. “OKAY FINE! You guys got me. It's just they have been so busy and I'm about to pull out my hair from the lack of attention.”“I'll help you.” Valkyrie said after downing her drink in one go. Carol looked at her like she was insane. “You know I'll jump at any chance to tease Nat.”“It’s your death bed and I want no part of this,” raising her hands in defeat, “I'm going to sit here and complain to Yelena about why my girlfriend wants to get herself killed.” Sticking your tongue at her, you and Valkyrie left the two alone.“So, what's the plan?”“Uhh... To be honest, I haven't thought this far yet.” You said shyly.“Well then let's do what you said and go dancing.”Taking your hand and pulling you from the outskirts of the dance floor with a naughty smirk. Hitting the dance floor, she instantly pulled you close to her making sure the two of you were in Natasha's line of sight. The two of you were just casually dancing at first nothing more than jumping and swaying together. After a while Valkyrie noticed that you had caught the eyes of Natasha and decided to play it up a bit more. Leaning down into your neck and grabbing your hips to pull you even closer to her. “Looks like we got you the attention that you wanted.” She said into your neck. Looking away from her you saw Natasha staring at the way Valkyrie was holding you. Her jaw was clenched and by the way she looked at you, you could tell that you were in trouble tonight. Right as Natasha stood up to get to you, Wanda appeared and whispered into her ear while holding eye contact with you. You could see Natasha physically relax once Wanda pulled away with a smirk on her face and with both of them looking at you like that you knew you are going to be in for a long night. As the night went on you continued to hang out with Valkyrie. Much to your dismay Wanda and Nat didn't pay any more attention to you after the whole, you are going to be in so much trouble tonight looks that they gave you. Maybe they knew that you were being a brat on purpose and didn't want to give you the satisfaction, either way you were still bored out of your mind and you just wanted to go home and cuddle with your girlfriends. ~~~~What you didn't know was Wanda and Nat have been planning your reward for being such a good girl for being so patient with them the past week, but after seeing your little stunt, they decided that a little punishment should come before the reward. Getting tired of the business discussions and wanting to see how far you would push your luck today with being a brat, Wanda moved over to sit at the corner of the bar where she could keep you in view without making it too obvious that she was keeping an eye on your movements. Not being much of a drinker, as well as being the driver, she ordered a glass of water and watched as you placed y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Threesome - F/F/F
Overstimulation
Strap-Ons
Breeding
Oral Sex
Filming
Rough Sex
Double Penetration
bottom reader
Top Wanda Maximoff
Top Natasha Romanov
Smut

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader

