Work Text:
A slight AU, in which they meet for the first time in Oxford. May 1st, 1961For a town that seemed to be entirely made up of alleyways, Erik thinks, dragging Xavier after him more by his cufflinks than his wrist, Oxford is strangely devoid of private corners.I'd never truly appreciated that, Xavier babbles into his mind, bringing with him a slurry of warmth and the smell of old libraries and the sweet sting of too much champagne. But you're quite right. Beauty follows function. Is that right?“Form,” Erik snarled at him, and suddenly he can feel Xavier rifling through his mind for the correct quotation, a loose mental rustling that makes the hairs stand up on the back of his neck and his toes curl. He would demand that the man get out if it wasn't for the sheer delight he was taking in Erik's mind.Because you are quite delightful, Xavier informs him, swaying closer. His cheeks are flushed and his mouth slack; his eyes lazy and his bowtie hanging loose around his neck. He is ridiculous and temptation made flesh, and Erik needs to get him out of the sight of the crowd. He needs answers.They're not the only ones staggering along these cobbled lanes – giggling debs in ballgowns, boys in tailcoats drinking champagne from the bottle, long-haired girls with guitars and too much make-up around their eyes. They weren't important, but he wanted them gone, wanted to have the town, and Xavier, to himself.A stone archway, below gargoyles with time-softened scowls, and he shoves Xavier out of the flow of the crowd, pushes him against the faded stones. The sun is not quite up, and the light is ghostly, caught out of time. “You,” Erik demands, as Xavier allows himself to be pressed between Erik and the wall, his wine-slick mouth laughing. “Who are you?”I'm like you, Xavier tells him, putting his hand over Erik's heart. My friend, I'm just like you.Erik isn't sure if he's about to kiss the drunken fool or throttle him, but he's stopped by a sudden jingle from behind. There are morris dancers passing them, and a man dressed as a tree behind them, and he wants to hurt this town.Technically, and there are fingers creeping inside Erik's shirt, reaching out to brush his nipple, it is a city. The chapel of-“Do you have any boundaries?” Erik demands.Xavier grins at him, sloppy and good-humoured. Well, of course. I'm a telepath, did I tell you?“I'd noticed.”Very important to have a code of ethics. For a telepath, that is. One must have rules to live by.“And do you ever keep to those rules?”Xavier chuckles into his throat and reaches for his belt. “When I'm sober.”Erik has been looking for an expert in human mutations for months, seeking out venerable and learned men in the great cities of the world. More than one had told him that Oxford was the place, a young chap there doing amazing things. So to Oxford he had come, on a slow and wheezing train, only to find Xavier absent from his lodgings. He had been greeted by a somewhat improbable blonde, who had rolled her eyes and reeled off a list of balls and parties where he might, if he was lucky, find her brother.“A popular man,” Erik had drawled at her, “to be invited to so many places.”She had laughed at that, although it hadn't been a joke, and said, wearily, “Charles tends not to need invitations.”“Nor to offer them, I see. I don't suppose I could persuade you to join me in the search for your brother?”She hadn't blushed, but her smile had become softer, as if suddenly she wore a kinder woman's mouth. “I have to work.” Then, after a moment's hesitation, she had added, “But – you should know – if he happens to tell you that you have a very groovy mutation and then makes a pass at you, it's not personal. He's just drunk and I'd appreciate it if you didn't hit him too hard.”And with that, she had closed the door in his face, and he had wandered out into the Oxford twilight, a little more intrigued than he had been.And it is the grooviest mutation I've ever seen, Xavier tells him now, and Erik uses the man's watch to gently lift his hands away. Even a few of the drunken revellers are starting to notice them now, and he's already got plans for Xavier which don't involve being arrested on the street.Somewhere private, then, Xavier decides, nodding a little too gravely. An image drifts into Erik's mind: a library filled with light, lined with bookshelves, and himself spread across a desk, clothes scattered around him as Xavier dreamily nuzzles down his chest.No, you're right, Xavier muses as Erik grabs at his shoulder for balance. People will be wanting to study soon. So, not college – perhaps-“You live in this town,” Erik reminds him, and his fingers are tight around Xavier's shoulders and he can feel how Xavier likes that, little thrills shivering through his own mind in response. He's not as drunk as Xavier is, but he's not sober either, not after a night prowling through medieval courtyards where the drinks pressed into his hands were the perfect cover. He's losing focus, losi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Drunk Sex
Telepathic Sex
Alternate Universe - Canon

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

