Chapter 1: 22 Days
    




Chapter Text

Day 5

Peter had never seen anything quite as beautifully tranquil as the vast expanse of outer space. Beyond the thick panes of glass, he could see galaxies, as tiny as the heads of push pins, dotting the sea of darkness. Some of them were large enough for him to make out the swirling pattern of stars and planets in it. Close enough for him to see, but too far away for alien civilizations to hear their distress signals.
That, in and of itself, was a blessing and a curse.
All of those planets, the thousands floating off in the distance, couldn't hear the Benatar's distress signals, and that would spell out their deaths. But it also meant that Peter couldn't hear the distress of all those thousands of planets that he had failed. The screams and cries of billions were swallowed up by the beautiful numbing void of space. Muted, even to Peter's ears. For that, he was grateful. It was bad enough that Peter had to watch people disintegrate in his nightmares. At least during the time that he was awake, he could smother his guilt by focusing on his survival.
Every night was different. Some nights Peter would remember how that odd bunch of aliens, the Guardians of the Galaxy, and Doctor Strange had flaked off piece by piece and gotten lost in the wind. Sometimes he watched May crumble in to ash in their kitchen. Other nights it was Ned and MJ who would dissolve in to nothing in the school cafeteria.
Every night, Peter would wake in a cold sweat and with a scream on his lips. Every night, Mr. Stark would come to him and hold him like a child while he cried. Five days ago, such an act would have embarrassed Peter beyond belief. Five days ago, Peter had been under the delusion that he was grown up enough to handle being an Avenger. He was always trying to prove himself to his mentor. Trying to prove that he was capable enough to handle himself and shoulder the responsibility of hero work. But he wasn't capable. Half of all life in the universe paid the price of this realization. In the wake of his failure, Peter could see how, in the grand scheme of things, he was still a kid.
The expanse of space that stretched out before him held a small mercy; Blissful ignorance as to who was dead and who was alive. Peter only had to witness the deaths of the four that had been with them on Titan. Everyone else that he loved, and all those who he didn't or who he had never even met, lived in a state of being both alive and dead. Like Schrodinger's universe.
"You gonna stare at the stars all day, or are you gonna make yourself useful?" Mr. Stark's voice came from behind Peter. Peter blinked to refocus his eyes and saw the man's reflection behind his shoulder in the giant window of the Benatar. Peter turned around to face him and saw that Mr. Stark was carrying a box with various tools in it.
Peter wasn't exactly sure what he looked like right now, but whatever it was made Mr. Stark's face crinkle with concern. In these past five days, Peter found that he felt too much and also too little. There were times, like those nights when he would wake up screaming from nightmares and crying in to Mr. Stark's chest, where he felt too much. The weight of his grief would crush his lungs until they could barely function and he was left drawing breath in shaky, rattling bursts.
Other times, Peter felt oddly detached from everything. It felt as if he was living in a dream and everything was just happening around him. Like nothing was real and he was just walking around in a sleepy haze.
Peter kinda felt like that right now.
Shifting the box of tools under one arm, Mr. Stark wrapped his free arm around Peter's shoulders and guided him away from the window. Peter could feel the weight of Mr. Stark's arm, yet it didn't really register in his brain. Nor did he really feel aware that he was walking.
"C'mon, kid. We got an engine to fix." Mr. Stark said softly. Peter said nothing in response as they walked down the hall towards the engine room. The fuel lines in the ship had been damaged during the fight. They had been repaired on the first day, but within the first 48 hours the ship had run out of gas. The problem, as far as Peter was aware, wasn't with the engine. He couldn't help but wonder if this was just busy work for Mr. Stark. Maybe he needed the illusion, the dream, that he could fix this. "The Blue Meanie thinks she might've spotted where the problem is."
Five days ago, Peter might have said that it was unfair to call Nebula a 'meanie'. She wasn't mean, just socially awkward. Then he might have thought about it some more and realized that Mr. Stark was making a reference to some old tv show or movie that Peter had never seen. Then Mr. Stark would have laughed and called him a kid when Peter admitted that he didn't get the reference.
But Peter didn't say any of those things now. He couldn't find his voice. It was lost, just like he was lost.
He was lost in space.
His voice was lost in himself.


Day 10

B
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
snap
Five Years Later
Peter Parker Survives the Snap
Family
Grief/Mourning
Fix-It of Sorts
Friendship

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

