Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter and May Parker practically bolted out of the theater to beat the rush of people that was sure to come out behind them. It was a Friday night, and school was coming to a close on Monday for the summer. So, May decided to treat her nephew to a movie of his choice for successfully completing his sophomore year of high school. Originally, Peter was going to see if Ned wanted to join them, but he decided against it as it was a nice chance for him to spend quality time with his aunt. Between him being Spider-Man, being in school, spending time with Ned and MJ, participating on the Decathlon Team, spending time with Tony Stark, and May working a lot, it was hard to set aside time for just the two of them. Thankfully, this particular Friday night was just the perfect opportunity to get that quality time. Unfortunately, it had begun storming as they were walking to May’s car, so they both got soaked. However, neither Peter nor May minded. This was a special night for aunt and nephew. Nothing was going to ruin it.“You know, maybe we should just park closer to the theater next time,” Peter said laughing as they got into the car.“Maybe we should just have Mr. Stark invent jets or rockets so that I can park in the air next time,” May retorted as she put the car in reverse.Peter couldn’t help but laugh at the mention of his mentor, Tony Stark also famously known as Iron Man and a member of the Avengers. It had been 10 months since the Vulture incident and since Peter turned down Tony’s offer to join the Avengers, and surprisingly, ever since then, Peter and Tony had been slowly getting to know one another becoming closer. The picture they took together at Stark Industries to—as Tony put it—provide more evidence that Peter completed the Stark Internship and when Tony boosted his confidence to MJ that same day seemed to act as the domino effect for them. They had been through a lot together in such a short amount of time, and after May found out about Peter being Spider-Man all those months ago, she of course became more aware of how much Peter looked up to Tony Stark and admired him…and how much Tony came to care about her nephew.“Aunt May?” Peter suddenly said jolting May out of her thoughts. “Are you okay?”“Oh yeah, I’m fine, sweetheart,” May said as she started the car. “Just lost in thought, that’s all.”“You sure?”“Yeah, baby, very sure.” She gently reached out and ran a hand through his brown hair.Peter could only smile and nodded blushing a little at May calling him “baby.”“So, when is the next time you’re going to Mr. Stark?” she asked as they turned onto the street.“Monday, after school lets out,” Peter replied. “He’s got some new ideas for my suit and the nanotechnology project, and he wants to run some tests. Actually, he texted me earlier today about that. He said that after we work in the lab, he wants to take you, Happy, Pepper, Col. Rhodes, Vision, and me out to dinner…you know to celebrate me finishing the year.”“Tell him I think that’s a great idea,” May replied smiling.“Awesome!” Peter said excitedly making a mental note to text Tony tomorrow that his aunt was on board with his plans for Monday. “I’m glad you changed your mind about him.”May smiled at her nephew. She wasn’t afraid to admit that she wasn’t Tony’s biggest fan at first when he suddenly came to their apartment a year ago and whisked Peter away on a “retreat” for the “internship” a whole month later. However, he was finally growing on her as she saw how great he was with Peter…even acting as a father figure to him. She couldn’t help but wonder if he realized he was acting like that or if it just happened naturally…much like how she and her later husband, Ben acted when Peter came to live with them after his parents…Ben’s brother and his wife…died. “Well, just remember not to tell him that,” she finally said. “It could inflate that big ego of his.”Peter laughed yet again and shook his head. “Don’t worry,” he said. “Your secret’s safe with me.”May widened her smile as she reached over and ruffled his hair earning a chuckle from Peter in return.Both aunt and nephew fell into a comfortable silence as May continued to drive through the various intersections to get back to their Queens apartment. Peter leaned his head back against the headrest as he looked out the window watching the buildings roll past them, and he couldn’t help but think about his uncle Ben, May’s husband and his dad’s younger brother, and how he used to take him and May to the movies on Friday nights. He would always sit in the backseat and watch the buildings and the people rolling past them.“What do you think Ben would’ve thought of Mr. Stark?” Peter finally asked.May sighed with exaggeration earning a chuckle from her nephew. “You know, I don’t know,” she replied. “I mean when he became Iron Man, it was all over the news that he was shutting down the weapons division in Sta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Adoption
Car Accidents
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
May Parker (Spider-Man) Dies
Hurt Peter Parker
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Pepper Potts
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Not Spider-Man: No Way Home Compliant
Sick Peter Parker
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

