Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Someone tugged at his sleeve with his pajamas. He just grumbled sleepily and pushed himself even more under the covers. He felt a gentle touch on his face, and warm breath tickled his ear.  "Dad, are you asleep?" he heard a whisper, then a wild toddler climbed over his side. Tony hissed and turned on his back. Perfectly. Now he won't fall asleep again.
 "I'm not asleep anymore, but you keep quiet so you don't wake your mom, she needs to rest," he mumbled, but then he couldn't help smiling as he felt their baby crawling under his duvet. The next moment he was lying pressed to his waist and swung his foot over his belly. 

 "But Mom isn't here," Peter countered disconcertingly. "Dad, where's Mom? I'm hungry. Get up, you said you are not sleeping!" Peter was pretty talkative for an almost-two-year-old kid. 

 "I'm getting up, I'm getting up," he assured him grumbly, rubbing his red eyes and sighing deeply. So she was gone again. And she promised to take a break from work. Tony got up on his elbows and smiled when he saw Peter's brown eyes glaring at him. He tousled his hair and Peter giggled. "Come here. You haven't even kissed your dad for a good morning." 

 Peter squeaked loudly, and if Tony were after a wild party, he would probably have a terrible headache long afterward. The baby swiftly climbed his father's torso, then wrapped his arms around his neck with his small hands. Tony grabbed him around his waist and he kissed his cheek. Peter giggled and pushed him away. "Dad, you're scratching!" 

 "Maybe I should shave, what are you saying?" Tony asked him with a smile and took him in his arms. Peter rubbed his eyes, muttered something in agreement, and Anthony glanced at the clock. He groaned. "You bat, what were you thinking? Getting up at five in the morning?" 

 "I'd like to be a bat," Peter dreamed. "I would have big wings," he held out his arms, "and would fly out! And if I went to sleep I would hang upside down. That would be fun, wouldn't it, Dad?" 

 "But neither I nor your mom are bats, so we'd probably have a heart attack," Tony said, getting up with Peter in his arms. "So we're going to get up so our prince doesn't starve." 

 "I'm a bat, Dad!" 

 "Really?" Tony raised an eyebrow, then grabbed Peter by the feet. He screamed loudly as he wasn't expecting it. When he found himself upside down, he laughed and waved his arms around him. "So how do you like it?" 
"Very much!" Peter nodded joyfully, and then laughed and landed in soft duvets. He peeked at his father and brightened when he found him smiling. "Again, Dad!""No no, now is the time for a good breakfast," Tony commanded. Peter rolled his lower lip in disappointment but eventually held out his hands and Tony took him in his arms again. "So what would you like to eat?""Kookies."“They are cookies, not kookies. And you don't eat them for breakfast. So let's see what we have in the fridge," Anthony said. Peter shook in his arms a little as they walked into the kitchen."... yes, of course, you can count on me. See you later." The balcony door closed and then a beautiful woman turned to Tony and Peter. Her brown hair was cut to a mikado, her eyes sparkling cheerfully, and when she saw them both, she walked to them with a big smile."Mom!" Peter called to her and held out his hands powerfully, the wonder he didn't fall from Tony's arms.“Why are you not sleeping? It's so soon! Did I wake you up?” she asked them and kissed both of them."I could ask you the same thing, honey. You should have a rest," Tony said gently, pulling her lovingly to him for a moment. She shook her head in a rush, and in a moment she broke free from his embrace.“I have to go to work, it's urgent. I'll try to be home soon. Do something together, okay?” she smiled at them and pinched Peter's face. "And you go to bed after lunch, okay, bunny?""But I'm a bat!" Peter shouted, frowning a little. His mother chirped his nose gently."Oh! Last week you were my sweet little bunny. And I bought you so many carrots, who's eating them now? Well, I guess we'll have to find out what a bat likes," she said, and Peter rejoiced. She glanced at her watch." Well, I really have to go, or I'll be late. Bye.""Bye!" Peter waved after her, and when her mother put on her shoes, she sent him an airy kiss. Then she disappeared.Tony sighed, but when his son looked at him, he smiled. “Then we are alone again. We'll have a lot of fun, how about it, bunny?""But Dad! I'm a bat!"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Mary Parker/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Aunt Natasha Romanov
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Pepper Potts
Mother-Son Relationship
Father-Son Relationship
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Fluff
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Mary Parker/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov

