Work Text:
Tony doesn't hear the first signs of his little boy waking up until he's drying off from his shower. He tosses the towel to the side and pulls on a pair of lounge pants, option to stay shirtless. He takes his time going to the nursery, checking the time on his phone. It's been hard getting the both of them on a schedule, but he's will to do whatever he needs to to get his little boy settled in to his new home. The upset noises get louder as he gets closer, and he shakes his head with a sigh. He really has a fussy baby on his hands today. He opens the door to the nursery (decorated with little wooden blocks spelling out PETER) and coos at the soft sniffles the fussing changes into. He leans over the crib, looking down at a teary-eyed Peter cuffed to the rungs sucking anxiously on his pacifier gag. "What's the matter little man?" Tony questions softly, moving the cuffs so that his limbs are pinned together in front of him. He carefully picks him up and holds him to his chest despite his resistant squirming. He's used to it by now and lays him on the changing table with ease, quickly cuffing him to it. "Some day you won't need these anymore. You'll be good and sweet for me, won't you Petey Pie?" He doesn't hold back his condescension, pinching Peter's cheek even as he glares up at him."Such an angry face!" Tony opens his onesie and starts on his diaper, making the brown eyes close and cheeks redden in embarrassment. Tony gasps, eyes widening as he's met with a stench. "Look at that! You finally made a poop in your diaper!" He blows a raspberry on Peter's stomach, listens to the reluctant giggle. "I knew all you needed was a little bit of Daddy's special juice." The glare he gets only makes him chuckle as he goes about cleaning Peter up, taking the cock cage off momentarily to wipe him clean before putting it back on just as quick. Peter doesn't protest with a vengeance until Tony's sliding a baby wipe inside, properly cleaning him out. He's guessing that it stings, if the pained groans and hissing are anything to go by. When he's done, he puts a cream on it, specially formulated to loosen the muscles with each application and works the hydration back into his skin. He starts fingering him easily, the ring of muscle giving in after the cream being applied during every diaper change. He cleans his finger off and works on lube next, wasting no time and easing two fingers in with a firm push. Peter keens behind his gag and squeezes his eyes shut. Tony coos above him as he stretches him with practiced motions."You're being such a good boy for Daddy today!" He wonders if he can make Peter have a permanent blush on his cheeks if he embarrasses him enough. A slight movement below him has him looking down at Peter's caged cock, grinning at its little twitches of arousal. "Aw, are you trying to get those big boy parts working? Is Daddy making you feel good?" He slides another finger in and rubs against his prostate, forcing moans out of him. His hips twitch up despite him clearly trying to hold still and not do so much as squirm to show how much he's enjoying it. Tony keeps his fingers working as he slides Peter's onesie up until his nipples are exposed; he shivers under him as his nipples perk up, tears starting to prick his eyes and drool pooling behind the gag. Tony's cock throbs in his pants as he pinches Peter's nipples, rolling them between two of his fingers. Peter squirms and fights under him, whining and drooling on himself. Nothing has ever been more erotic to him. "Even the noises you make are precious." He finishes stretching him and plucks at his nipple one more time before cleaning his hands off with a baby wipe. He shift Peter's cuffs until his ass is on the edge of the changing table, legs spread wide and slick hole bared. He rubs his cock through his pants and stares down at Peter's hole with a predatory look, so focused on it that, if it weren't for his little boy squirming on the table, it would be easy to imagine that he's fucking a realistic sex doll. It shouldn't make his cock throb in the way that it does, but he doesn't feel anywhere near guilty for it.He pulls his pants down enough to expose his cock to the air, it jumping with interest as he brushes his fingertips over Peter's thighs. He tries squirming away again, and Tony finally starts getting annoyed with him. He clamps his hand down on his thigh; it makes Peter freeze and let out a noise of pain. "Stop squirming. You knew this was coming the day I brought you into my home." He leans into his face, cold stare looking into wide, terrified brown. "I saved you from your miserable life. You will never want for anything while I take care of you. The least you can do, is sit there like a good boy and let me use that pretty little hole of yours. Do you understand me?" Peter stares up at him, and he squeezes down tighter, knowing he'll be leaving deep bruises as a reminder. Another sound of pain and a wince before he grips Peter's chin an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Con Age Play
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
non-con infantilism
forced age play
Forced Infantilism
Implied/Referenced Kidnapping
Diapers
diaper use
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
diaper change
Forced Orgasm
Forced Ejaculation
Non-Consensual Touching
Non-Consensual Bondage
Non-Consensual Groping
Prostate Milking
Daddy Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

