Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
December 5, 2002 The first sign that something was wrong happened when Peter woke up an hour early from his nap. Tony was in the lab working on the newest prototype for the company when the baby monitor relayed Peter’s cries. At first it was only sniffling and Tony thought the baby might settle down on his own. Unfortunately, for the inventor, the sniffling turned into screaming, and Tony hurried up the stairs to comfort his son. Tony found Peter, red in the face, wailing, while holding on to the bars of his crib.  “Petey,” Tony cooed while picking up his son, “what’s wrong?” Obviously, Peter didn't respond, but his screaming lowered to a whimper that melted his dad’s heart.  Tony went to brush Peter’s curly brown hair out of his little face, but as soon as he put a hand on Peter’s forehead, he could feel the heat radiating off of him.  “ Poverino ,” Tony whispered to his son placatingly.  Somehow, those words didn't work for Peter because not a minute later he threw up all over his dad’s chest.   March 7, 2016Peter’s hand shook slightly as he walked into the kitchen holding the permission slip for his upcoming field trip. He needed one of his parents to sign it, and, naturally, the only way to get them to do that would be to lie. Peter’s parents, Mary and Richard Parker, were disappointed in him for a lot of reasons, but one of the big ones was his hero worship of Tony Stark.  It wasn’t clear to Peter why his parents hated Mr. and Mrs. Stark. (Maybe it was because of their money and lifestyle?) But for Peter, Tony Stark was his role model ever since the man became Iron Man. Mr. Stark had immense power and influence and instead of wasting it he used it for good.  This is why Peter had to lie; the field trip was to Stark Industries. It had been announced during Physics that Mrs. Emerson’s freshman class would be visiting Avenger’s Tower where the Stark Industries offices were based.  Of course it was just Peter’s luck that his parents would never let him go on the trip if they knew where they were  really  going. His parents were always extremely controlling, and somehow their ideas of what was good never aligned with Peter's. He dreamed that just once his parents would understand that the people he admired weren't terrible. But until then the teen had a plan.  “Hey Mom.” Peter sat down at the kitchen counter. “Good morning dear,” Mrs. Parker replied while pouring Mr. Parker a coffee.  “My class is going on a field trip, can I get you to sign the permission form?” Peter lifted his paper, showing her the consent form that had been carefully cut to remove the paragraph detailing the location of the trip. She barely glanced at the paper before grabbing a pen.  “That sounds fun,” she remarked while signing her son’s life away on the school form. “Where are you going?” “Uh, Oscorp Industries,” the teen said, phrasing it more as a question than a statement.  Mrs. Parker handed the paper back ( mission successful ).“That’s interesting, what class is it for?” This was more questions than Peter was used to getting from his parents. “Uh, physics class.” His mom stopped moving to look up at him. “Really? I thought Oscorp specialized in bioengineering?” Peter stood up from his chair in case he had to make a run for the front door if his cover was blown.“Uh, yeah, weird.” An awkward pause stretched for a beat. “Anyway, I have to go to school, bye!” March 11, 2016Peter sat at the back of the school bus three days later with Ned on their way to Stark Industries.  “Do you think Tony Stark will be there?” Ned asked, talking almost too fast to be understood.  “He’s probably in the building, but he won’t be  there  there.” Peter didn’t want to get Ned’s hopes up even though he himself was daydreaming of meeting Mr. Stark.  The pair of friends continued to chat for the rest of the ride and only stopped when their teacher started giving instructions.  “Alright class, remember when we step off this bus you’re representing Midtown Tech, so I expect you all to be on your best behavior. We’ll be going through security, so if you have any cameras on you please leave them here. When we get inside our tour guide will give us instructions. Any questions?” No one raised their hand. “Ok, follow me.”  Mrs. Emerson and the other chaperone from the school, Mr. Ashby, lead the way off the bus and into the huge lobby of Stark Industries. Peter and Ned looked around in awe. The lobby was beautiful, a full wall of windows looked out on the street. The Stark Industries logo hung on the wall behind the long reception desk. A vaulted ceiling with railed balconies belonging to at least twenty floors towered above them. Metal and glass staircases connected the floors to each other in a spider web of organized chaos.  The class was ushered over by the tour guide, and he greeted them. “Hi Midtown School! It’s so nice to see you all! I’m Javon, I’ll be you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
May Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
AU
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Asthma
Hurt/Comfort
Family Bonding
Pre-Spider Bite Peter Parker
will get bit in the story
Spider Bite Time
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Canonical Character Death
not tony
I promise
will add more tags as story progresses
Panic Attacks
Good Friend Ned Leeds
guy in chair ned leeds
Nightmares
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Richard Parker's a dick
recovering alcoholic Tony Stark
Self-Esteem Issues

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
May Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

