Chapter 1



Notes:
Warning for graphic physical abuse and non-graphic allusions to sexual abuse of a child.




Chapter Text
The part of her mind still left thought it wasn’t fair. They worked her until she could tolerate anything, and then they changed the rules so she was full of a whole new kind of pain. She had figured it out in-between the burning and the drowning. If she could teach herself to endure everything, then they lost their power over her. But every time she thought they’d run out there was another, more creative, layer. Even the old tortures returned in new ways. A blindfold twisted even simple knives into invisible and undefeatable enemies.In-between the isolation and the immobilization, she grew in her understanding. True strength was not immunity to all torture. It was accepting that there were as many ways to break a person as there were minds to imagine. There would always be something new to endure.Her trainers identified that as the first day she was brought to heel. She was eleven years old, with eyes like the damned. That night, she willingly crawled into her handler’s arms for the first time.He soothed her gently, rough hands up and down over smooth legs. She shivered, but held still.“We’re done for the day,” He promised. “Unless, of course, you make me punish you.”
Unless, of course. Unless, of course. Unless, of course.
She was 13 when she realized her trainers had begun to only punish insolence and vivacity when it was against Him. Failure continued to earn stripes, but she was no longer forced to respect anyone else. She started lashing out, verbally and then physically, establishing her reputation in ever-widening circles. When she crossed a boundary, He was there to remind her of its presence. His rules were her whole world. A flat expanse, with edges more dangerous than bottomless waterfalls.For years, nothing changed except the background scenery. What language, or what fighting style, today? Practice disarming with a smile, now with undetected fingers, now with sharp knives that bury in so deep they’re lost in the fold of flesh and gush of blood.The first time she killed her sparring partner, she stood rooted with fear. This, surely, was against the rules? She dropped to her knees, closing her eyes to prevent her reflexes from dodging her away.But the hand on her shoulder was not harsh. He squeezed with strong fingers and murmured, “Красивая. Мой хищник.”From then on, she killed whenever she could. She quickly grew too good, too dangerous.“Vous devez être prudent, le plus cher,” He said to her one day, because Tuesdays were for French. “Personne ne veut vous enseigner.” His tone was admonishing, but she could tell he was proud. She promised to be good, smiling with full red lips. To anyone else, the smile promised death. He reveled in it.But not all days were so perfect. He grew harder to please as she grew older. It pushed her forward to creativity. New tricks always made him smile at her.When she was 15, she completed her first mission alone. Regardless of the emptiness on the rooftop, she was determined to prove she didn’t need Him by her side. She was not a burden. She was flawless.Six months later she failed her first mission. She’d been assigned five targets in total. Timing gave her 14 seconds to reach the door, 20 seconds for the first two guards and staircase, 15 seconds for the third guard and door, and 8 seconds for the fourth guard. That left her 40 seconds to break into the strong room for the final target with 3 minutes to get out of the mansion and away into the night. Her support team was standing by to light the house on fire once she was clear.Everything fell apart at the lock. With four bodies already behind her, a warning came over her com that the local security might have been alerted to her presence. Her support team had been ordered to blow the incendiary devices immediately.“You still have time,” He promised her. “Finish him and just reroute your exit via the roof.”He said it like it was nothing. Nothing to stand in a great mansion and know it was on fire. She had assumed that a thousand tortures would have minimized the effects of a trauma formed long ago, in a forgotten childhood.They hadn’t.Suddenly, everything was adrenaline and imagined heat. She coughed on smoke that wasn’t there, and her hands trembled too much to be any use. After a few seconds of fighting with the lock, she threw her tools to the floor and fled to the roof.She jumped freely across the tops of buildings for a while, but ended up back home. Habit emerging from a blank mind.The first words out of His mouth were, “I guess I’m doomed to forever be repeatedly disappointed in you.”It hurt more permanently than any physical punishment he might choose to inflict afterward. Sometimes a verbal reproof was the end of it. Sometimes it wasn’t. She just knew to bow her head and be grateful either way.That day, he made her hold her hands open on the desk. Even when she begged to have them
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Hurt/Comfort
Sexual Content
Swearing
Violence
Child Abuse
Stockholm Syndrome
Espionage
Spies & Secret Agents
Angst
Praise Kink
BDSM
Bad BDSM Etiquette
but they learn better i promise
Discipline
Character Development
sexual exploitation
Sexual Abuse
Torture
Self-Harm
Slow Build
Drowning
Sensory Deprivation
Human Trafficking
Discussions of non-consensual surgery
Breathplay
Language Kink
Flogging

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

