Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Charles loves his mother. He really does. She's done her best by him. She is reliable and has taken care of him as well as she can--the endless stream of boyfriends is perhaps something he could do without. The fact that she forgets that she has a son who is still a child despite how mature he sounds, is another thing he could live without too. But she’s his mother and so he loves her as much as a teenager could.But when she asks him, well, demands of him to attend a dinner party she’s hosting in the evening, he declines her request. And when that doesn’t work, he lies to her, claiming he has promised to help out at the hospital and the head nurse will be expecting him at the children’s ward. It’s not that he doesn’t want to be in the company of Mother and her high society friends, with their elegance and sophistication as they wax poetic about her diamonds.But he knows what she’s like.It’s just another opportunity for her to show off her prodigious son, the only source of comfort in her bleak life. Sometimes it’s hard for him to not scoff at this, because life would be better if she could just stop living in the past and notice what’s in front of her.So he lies and concocts a story that, if he’s to be honest, he would rather not carry out.  But for the sake of his sanity he’s willing to try. ****The Xavier Medical Institute was built in 1909 by his grandfather.It had stood tall and imposing even back then, with its sleek finishings and state-of-the-art machinery.  It was built as part of a scheme to not only improve conditions and provide private healthcare, but for poor immigrants to have steady work as part of the labour workforce.It’s still tall and imposing as ever, even as it approaches its hundredth year.The glass doors slide open as Charles crosses the threshold and enters the building, bag slung over his shoulder while the security guard scans his ID card.There are over ten floors in the main building, with four separate buildings spread across the span of nearly twenty-five acres. The children’s ward resides on the west side.He greets the receptionist at the entrance desk once he’s cleared through.‘Hello Nicole,’ he says warmly. ‘Had a nice day so far?’ he asks as he folds his arms over the polished wood of the tall front desk.Nicole’s young, just a few years older than Charles, and speaks with a fantastic New Jersey accent that Charles wishes he could imitate.She rolls her eyes and snorts. ‘As nice as it can get in here. I’ve just had to deal with a,’ she puts on a high pitched voice, ‘Mrs Rodriguez, who finds our hospital gown tacky. Not up to her standards,’ Nicole says with a huffThe great thing about Nicole is that she speaks her mind. Despite the fact that Charles could be a potential owner of this place, she doesn’t seem to give a damn.It’s quite refreshing.‘So I told her, it’s either that, Mrs Rodriguez, or nothing . Of course, that didn’t go over too well.’ She shrugs. ‘So what brings you here, Charles?’ she enquires, getting up  to check the filing cabinet behind her.He’s not sure if he’s technically allowed to just volunteer himself without informing the head nurse at least. It’s worth trying, though.‘Um, I wanted to help out in the children’s ward today.’‘Shouldn’t you be out, having fun and enjoying your holidays? You’re only fourteen you know,’’ she mutters, flicking through patient files.Charles looks down at the floor for a moment, because what can he say? It sucks at home, there’s nothing to do there besides watching Mother play a charade of a life. So he leaves these little titbits of his life.‘I just wanted to hang out with some of the kids. Can I go?’She looks up from her papers and watches him intently, cocking her head to the side. She must see something in his expression because she smiles. ‘Yeah, sure, kid. I’ll send a message over to let them know you’re coming.’ ****  Part of the charm of the children’s ward is that it feels less like a section of a hospital and more like a child’s playroom. It’s bright and cheerful, painted with warm colours and different scenes on each wall.There are numbers painted on the floor for hopscotch. Rockets, moons and stars decorating the entrance hall at the front. Along with this are toys scattered around the floor and numerous beds. They even have a classroom staffed by teachers on the far end for some of the older kids, and a Disney room on the floor above for the girls.Charles is bent over, pretending to be Snake as a nurse reads The Gruffalo, hissing his way across the floor with as much dignity as one can muster, except it’s hard with James laughing at him, his IV bag on the pole as it trails behind him, while he follows Charles.James is five and has a rare strain of scarlet fever, a blotchy rash still covering his arms and torso.Mary, the head nurse, comes in, shaking her head at his antics.‘Come on, Mr Charles. It’s time to go.  Otherwise your mother will start calling again.’All the children groan at this
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Romance
Fluff

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

