Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter Parker opens his eyes and smiles. The sun is shining through the broken window and strokes his face with a promise of a beautiful day. For a second, he forgets it’s January and his home has been an abandoned warehouse for the last couple of months. He forgets how cold he was when he returned from patrolling last night and he needed four blankets to fall asleep on his makeshift bed made from cardboard and an old mattress. His teeth just couldn’t stop chattering.But it’s morning again, a beautiful morning with blue sky and sunshine. He doesn’t even have to get dressed because he slept with nearly all of his clothes on. He just needs to grab his backpack and go to school where it’s warm and where he can meet his friends again. Ned and MJ are the only family he has now. And even though he misses his parents, his uncle and aunt, he knows he should be grateful for his friends. And no, he never feels jealous because they have all the basic things he lacks: parents, home and a warm bed.Okay, maybe sometimes he does feel jealous. He wishes his parents were still alive or he wishes he could still live with Aunt May. And she would wake him up every morning instead of his phone. She would make him breakfast and when he leaves for school, she would say: ‘Take care, Peter!’ Now no one makes him breakfast and no one looks out for him.But it’s fine. Because he can take care of himself, thank you very much and it’s a beautiful morning, so there’s really no need to complain. He’s Spiderman after all, a superhero, of course he can take care of himself. Even if it’s January and he lives in a deserted building. Plus, he has a lot to do. He has school, then work and at nights patrolling. He’s way too busy to feel sorry for himself.Peter grabs his backpack and swings down from the second-floor window of the warehouse. As usual, he lands on the ground behind the building to avoid attention and then reaches into his backpack to pull out a sandwich that he can eat on his way to school. Benefits of working at a grocery store. Before the store closes for the night, the manager gives Peter food that they couldn’t sell next day. Like this ham and cheese sandwich. And the tuna sandwich that will be perfect for lunch.As he walks down the street to the subway, a car suddenly brakes next to him and the sound of screeching tires practically freezes him. A car horn. A yell. Peter doesn’t dare to look. If somebody has just been hit, he doesn’t want to see. He knows he should check if he could help, he’s a superhero after all and this is the right thing to do anyway but he just stands there on the sidewalk with eyes squeezed shut, half-eaten sandwich falling from his hand.~“Mr. Peter Parker, come into the principal’s office, please.”“I’m so sorry, Peter, there has been an accident. It’s your aunt.”“I’m sorry, son, she’s gone. She died on impact; there was nothing we could do.”“Peter, is there someone who could pick you up? A relative maybe? Is there anyone?”“Peter, my mom says you can stay with us for now.”Those few weeks were like a blur for Peter. He doesn’t really remember what happened after he had got the news on her aunt. On the hit and run that happened while she was going to work. There was a social worker, and then Ned’s parents were kind enough to let him stay with them for a few weeks. Until they find him a foster family, that is.And when those first few horrible days passed, Peter understood he might have lost more than his aunt and his old home. Of course he couldn’t stay at Ned’s forever, even though that would have been the most convenient way to settle things. And it wasn’t really likely that they would find him a foster family in Queens, so that he could stay at his school and with his friends. No, they would take him away, maybe out of the city and he would have to start everything anew. New family, new place to live, new school, new friends. And he didn’t want that. He didn’t want to let go of the very last pieces of his old life. He didn’t want more changes. He couldn’t turn back time and go back to his old life when he had lived happily with Aunt May, he knew that but he wasn’t ready to leave literally everything behind. He just couldn’t do that.He had to stay as close to his old life as possible. He had to keep what he could: his friends, his school, Queens. If only he could have stayed on his own here! He was already 15 and May always said he was much more mature than kids at his age. He could take care of himself. He did all the time when May had to stay late at work. It couldn’t be that hard. But he couldn’t do it legally. Which sucked. So he came up with a story. He was thinking about it at many sleepless nights in Ned’s room and he worked out every tiny detail.Aunt May has a cousin, Mary. No, Carol. No, Julia. Yes, her name is Julia. She lives in Brooklyn with her husband and three kids. Two sons, one daughter. They didn’t meet that often, but May and Julia talked over the phone someti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Alternate Universe
Irondad
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Family
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Drama
Family Drama
Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Emotional Hurt
Action/Adventure
Action
Peter Parker Deserves Better
Homeless Peter Parker
Poor Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Peter is important
Depression
Self-Worth Issues
Injured Peter Parker
Angry Peter
Feels
Self-Esteem Issues
Adventure
spiderson
Trust Issues
Orphan Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

