Chapter 1





Chapter Text
His heart is beating quickly as he makes his way through the Brooklyn sidewalk traffic that afternoon, glancing over his shoulder every few moments to see if he’s still being followed. Each time, he can still see the man even though he’s kept a respectful distance between them so far. Except for the fact that the guy is still fucking following him to begin with. Raking a hand through his short hair, Bucky exhales, trying to pull his rattled nerves into some semblance of order. It’s been harder to do that the last few months than ever before, and he doubts anyone can really blame him for being on constant edge, all things considered. He decides to take a new route, turning a corner and making his way down Decatur Street toward the market. The guy won’t touch him in public, he knows. He also knows the police won’t do a goddamn thing if he tries calling them. His ex isn’t a cop, but he might as well be. Glancing behind him once more, he groans with frustration to see that he still hasn’t managed to shake the guy. Maybe he could catch a taxi…Just as he starts to seriously consider that -- even if he can’t really afford it, it’ll at least be easier to lose him in the streets if he’s not on foot -- he spots a tall blond man on the corner, frowning down at the phone in his hand. He’s not sure what makes him do it, but he calls out. “There you are!”Steve is still not really used to reading directions off his phone. The thing is, he’s not used to needing directions at all, because this is Brooklyn and he grew up here -- but the thing also is, it’s like living in a weird funhouse Brooklyn, where everything is almost the same but not quite, and he actually ends up needing directions more than he’d like to admit. (Then again, when your eyesight is as crappy as his was growing up, you tend to learn your way around by landmarks; and admittedly, nearly all of those landmarks are gone.) But it’s a nice day, and it hadn’t seemed like navigating by phone would be all that hard. Except it is, and he’s standing there frowning at the little blinking dot in its colorful, cartoon street map like it can tell him why he isn’t where he expected to be, when he hears a voice that makes him look up, despite not being the only person out on the street. But it seems like his instinct was right, because there’s a man making his way toward Steve with a single-minded determination that says he knows what he’s doing and he’s intending to do it. Steve can’t help the way his gaze fixes on the man, the hand with the phone dropping a little and his mouth opening a bit as he says, now that the guy is in range, “Uh -- yeah, here I am.” Is it because the guy recognizes Steve? That does happen -- not as often as you’d think it might, but that’s because people don’t expect Captain America to be walking around on the street. (Well. People don’t expect Captain America to be alive; it’s only been two years, they still forget.) And even if they do, they seem to expect him to be wearing the red, white, and blue getup from the forties, or some form of forties fashion, and not the regular jeans and t-shirts and hoodies that people all seem to wear these days. People, including Steve, because he’s not stupid. Standing out is honestly the last thing he wants to do -- at least, on his days off. Bucky can’t help casting a wary glance behind him once more, and sure enough -- the man’s still there even if he’s slowed down. He looks back at the tall blond, whose attention is now definitely focused on him, and Jesus, he’s actually gorgeous. His heart is beating impossibly fast and he wonders if he’s really about to do this -- it’s crazy, he knows that, but he doesn’t know any other ways to get the man following him to back off and leave him alone. He grins at the man as he makes his way toward him, licking his lips nervously. “Please just go with it for a few minutes,” he says, voice just loud enough for the blond to hear. He hesitates a moment before moving closer and resting a hand at the back of his head, tugging him down for a soft kiss, eyes drifting shut. This… was not how Steve was expecting today to go at all. Even accounting for being recognized, which he does have to work into most of his plans for going out, he hasn’t been pulled into a kiss by a stranger in, oh, about seventy years. He actually hasn’t been pulled into a kiss by someone who’s not a stranger for roughly the same amount of time, which probably shows in the fact that even when ‘going along with it,’ Steve is not an experienced kisser. But he is going along with it. Because everything else aside, the guy has this look in his eyes, like not-quite-perfectly concealed anxiety, and he’s giving off the same scent. It’s nothing anyone else would’ve probably picked up, but Steve’s stupid, oversensitive (alpha) nose definitely has; and that, coupled with the look on the guy’s face and the actual spoken plea, is enough to have Steve’s hand curling around the man’s lower bac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
past Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanoff
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes & Becca Barnes

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Soulmates
Shrunkyclunks
Modern Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Panic Attacks
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bites
Mating Bond
Creepy Brock Rumlow
Alpha Brock Rumlow
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Knotting
Stalking
Domestic Violence
not between steve and bucky
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
HYDRA sucks
Hydra is evil
BAMF Bucky Barnes
BAMF Steve Rogers
Brooklyn Boys
Family Dynamics
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Alpine the Cat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
past Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanoff
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes & Becca Barnes

