Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Natasha nudged her way through the crowded train, doing her best not to let her annoyance show. She’d known about the reputation for Japanese trains being so full and crowded that there was barely even room to move, but this was her first time experiencing the reality of it. She couldn’t let herself get angry though. She had a meeting to get to.Fury had sent her on an undercover mission to take down a seemingly law-abiding Japanese businessman who they’d recently linked to HYDRA, and today was the day she was going to make first contact. She was dressed the part of an aspiring businesswoman, with a black business suit and skirt combination. She needed to get into the mindset of an office worker as well, which meant she gritted her teeth and did her best to ignore the hands that accidentally (or maybe not so accidentally) brushed against her breasts and her ass as she worked her way through the swarm.Her hope was to make it as close to one of the walls as she could, and it was with that purpose that she inched her way through the sea of Japanese businessmen. She was coming close to her objective, but a sudden bump knocked an overweight man against her from behind. Her body was thrown off-balance by his bulk, and she stumbled forward until she hit something solid.The solid thing she’d hit was another person, a person who had apparently had the same idea as her and was leaning his back against the wall behind him. She muttered an apology as looked up from his chest and into his face, and she had to stifle a gasp when she got a good look at him.Underneath a mop of untidy black hair that she immediately wanted to ruffle and muss with her hands, she could just make out a faint scar in the shape of a lightning bolt. His face was fair and handsome, but her gaze lingered on his eyes behind his glasses. While she herself had green eyes, this man’s were a deeper, purer, more vivid shade of green. She’d never been the mushy type, but she could easily imagine getting lost in those eyes.Natasha cleared her throat and mentally shook herself, disgusted with herself for becoming so easily distracted by a handsome face. Unfortunately the train somehow got even more crowded as more passengers slid in, and she couldn’t step back. She was pushed right up against the man, their chests in intimate contact as she wedged him right up against the wall.“Sorry,” she whispered. She didn’t need to do any more than that for him to hear her because their bodies were flush against each other, and her mouth was very close to his ear. It wasn’t her fault, obviously, but she was still invading his personal space.“S’ok,” he whispered back, his accent identifying him as British. “Not my first time getting crowded like this on the train. Usually the company isn’t nearly so attractive though.” Natasha grinned, and very nearly giggled like a schoolgirl instead of the trained assassin turned spy that she actually was. What the hell had gotten into her? She couldn’t honestly say, but privately she agreed with him. If she was going to be pressed up against someone on the train it might as well be this cutie.They stood in comfortable silence for a few minutes, or as comfortable as it could reasonably be considering the complete lack of personal space or room to move. Natasha did her best to forget about her current surroundings and focus on the job she had to do after the ride was over and she got off of the train, but that was easier said than done. This handsome Englishman was hard to ignore, especially since they were practically embracing. She couldn’t remember the last time she had had such close physical contact with another person, never mind one this handsome. And though she couldn’t get a good look at his body underneath the business suit he was wearing, his chest certainly felt hard enough as she pressed against him. Despite herself, she could feel her nipples stiffening inside of her bra.The man shifted his hips to the side as best he could, which was not much at all given how cramped together they were. Natasha cocked her head at him, curious at what he was trying to accomplish, but it became crystal clear moments later when she felt something stiff poking against her belly. He was hard inside of his pants. Hard for her, hard because he could feel her body pressed against him.She looked up into his eyes and he winced. He looked at her apologetically, blushing in embarrassment, and seeing his pale cheeks take on a red tint only made him look even cuter.“Sorry,” he whispered, but she shook her head.“It’s okay,” she whispered back. She wasn’t upset. Truth be told, she was flattered. Flattered, and excited. He was feeling it too then. It wasn’t just her who was being affected by their close proximity; it wasn’t just her who was trying to tamp down her arousal. And then she came to ask herself an important question: why should she tamp it down? Why bother trying to ignore what she was feeling if he was feeling it too?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Public Sex
Voyeurism
Creampie
Elevator Sex
Airplane Sex

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

