Chapter 1



Notes:
This is the lovely title image   buffaluffalo drew, and this one is the alternate title image.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The child refused to talk. He just sat there, knees to his chest, glaring at the wall, and flinching from all touch.The one time Dumbledore tried to use Legilimency on him, he had nearly strangled the old wizard with chains that had risen around him, hissing like snakes.“He’s amazingly powerful for his age,” Dumbledore had commented after they had forced the boy to take a Calming Draught, “He seems to be already capable of Occlumency with a tiny bit of Legilimency. Of course, that must have been why Shaw had been interested in him.”Brian Xavier felt somewhat ill; out of all the Death Eaters, it was said that Sebastian Shaw was the one most prone to horrific “experiments” involving Muggleborns and their innate magic. That this child had somehow managed to escape was a miracle all on its own.But now, since he refused to talk, and any attempts to see in his mind was met with a storm of furious magic, no one really knew what to do with him. All they knew was that he was a Muggleborn child whose parents were dead, and he had escaped from Shaw because the Xavier Mansion’s wards, tuned to distress and need, had seen that and let him in. It was unknown whether or not he had relatives that they could return him to, and the Order was much too stretched to go investigate.There was a war to fight, so Brian just hoped that the boy would manage to find his own way to heal inside the walls of the mansion.--Erik could feel the brush of another’s mind against (the high, high concrete and metal walls of) his own. He had felt it since he had walked into the mansion. At first, he had thought that it was the mansion itself, like in the beginning when he had slammed into something invisible running to the seemingly empty grounds and had felt something slip into his mind (so softly, like a tendril of smoke, not like the cold knives that Frost had ripped through his mind) and then the invisible barrier had suddenly dropped and he had been let in. He had been willing to ignore that at the time since the mansion was not a person (not someone who would laugh as his partner played his parents’ deaths over and over and over to see what sort of magic he would bring up next in his fury), but when words and emotions began to bleed through (curiosity, Who are you? What’s your name?, loneliness, friendliness, We could be friends?) he had thrown up all the barriers that he could (that he had been trained to) and lashed out at the other mind (blindly, he had never been especially good at it).There had been a small wail of pain, and then the other presence was gone, and he was alone again (as it had been since that day). But it came back quietly, day after day, knocking on the walls of his mind with tentative motions, breathing Can we be friends? It’s just, there’s no one here to play with, and Erik tried making the walls higher, thicker, tried smacking back the other mind (sometimes he would hit it, and it always cried but then sent back so many emotions of compassion and hurt feelings that he felt sick), tried burying himself, tried ignoring it, but he was getting tired.What do you want? he finally yelled through his mind.The other mind pulsed with excitement before bubbling, I just want to be friends!The walls of Erik’s mind developed spikes as he became suspicious, Why?Because you’re fascinating, the other mind promptly responded.Erik snarled (“You are fascinating Erik, do you know that? As a Muggleborn specimen, you are simply superb. We’re going to learn so much from you.”), forming knives in his mind, Wrong answer.Wait, wait! shouted the other mind, sending a wave of peaceful feelings with a hint of panic to wash against the walls of Erik’s mind, I didn’t mean it that way! I just meant—I’ve never met anyone like me before.Erik paused in his efforts to figure out which way to throw the knives, What do you mean like you? he asked cautiously.Normally, children exhibit magic by making things float, or vanishing things, or maybe causing people they don’t like to break out in boils, but I’m different. I can do this, Legilimency, which according to the books I read, normally takes years of practice, but here I am, the other mind expounded excitedly, I thought I was the only one, but you can do it too! Well, actually I think you’re actually doing Occlumency with a tiny bit of Legilimency when you’re angry, but—Who are you? Erik cut in, putting an end to the other mind’s (almost endearing, and why does he think that?) babbling.A small hand tapped Erik’s shoulder, and he turned around to see a small boy with wavy brown hair and the bluest (like the sky on a clear, clear day) eyes he had ever encountered.The boy smiled and stuck out his hand, “My name is Charles Xavier. You are not alone here.”Erik stared at the other boy (Not alone?)  for a few mo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Hank McCoy/Mystique

freeform: 
Fluff
Crossover
Angst and Humor
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Big Bang Challenge
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Hank McCoy/Mystique

