Chapter 1





Chapter Text
            I look around the hotel bar. It is not very often that I get to come to the United States, it is a long trip and much easier to travel through Europe undetected. I had landed in Miami two nights ago, alone; a privilege no others in the program can tout. I order a club soda with lime and wait for my targets to come down to the bar as they have for the past two evenings. Like clockwork, they do. People are so predictable.
            “Boys, it is good to see you again,” I smile at them, raising my glass.
            “Lucy, good to see you. How is the merger going?” one of them leans against the counter, ordering a beer. The others order their respective drinks.
            “You know how these things are, just people droning on to hear themselves talk, to sound important,” I roll my eyes and laugh. I had introduced myself when I first arrived. Lucy Thompson from Los Angeles. Here for a company merger with a tech firm based in Florida. They say they are here for a pharmaceutical conference. It is actually a funny cover. I might have to tell them that before I kill them. They are picking up one of the largest shipments of cocaine to ever come into the United States and crossed the Russian mob to work with the cartels in Mexico. So, in a sense, yes, it is a pharmaceutical conference. “But you would think, as we do all this important work for our companies, they would at least put us in a nicer hotel,”
            “This is one of the nicest hotels in Miami,” one of them scoffs, “We own it,” Five of the guys look over at the one leaning on the counter. He is going to ruin everything. Why would a drug company own a hotel?
            “Are pharmaceutical company investing in hospitality? Clever! Med retreats are all the rage out on the West Coast,” I save the mission quickly from this idiot’s blunder. The others relax. “You must be staying in the presidential suite if your company owns the building,”
            “We are in the penthouse,” another boasts.
            “Oh, I bet you have the most amazing view of the ocean,” I sigh dreamily.
            “We can show you,”
             “I would hate to impose,”
             “No, please. We insist,” I smile demurely, and we leave the bar with our drinks. I pretend to stumble slightly as I get off my stool and grab onto one of them for support. I give his muscles an appreciative squeeze and raise my eyebrows. His chest puffs out.
            “I may have relaxed a little too much after this day from hell,” I giggle. In the elevator, I ask them about the conference, using vague enough questions that it won’t seem like I am prying. I can feel the weight of my gun in my Birkin, knives are strapped to my thighs under the pencil skirt. This would all be so much easier if I could wear actual combat gear and not have to hide my weapons like some housewife.
            Finally, the elevator reaches the top floor. Surprisingly, it does not open to the suite like the plans indicated, but to a hallway. It is fine, this is an easy adjustment. The keycard swipes and we step into the room. I pretend to be awestruck by the room while really, I am looking for cameras. There are none. I am good to go.
             “Oh my God, I have to get a picture of this view,” I reach into my purse and pull out the gun. I quickly kill three of them with shots straight to the forehead. The other three have time to react and pull out their guns. There is a spray of bullets, but I dodge them, ducking down and killing each in the same fashion. They are dead. I look down at my leg and frown. I have been hit, extremely inconvenient, and am losing a lot of blood. The door to the bathroom opens. There is a maid. Shit. I forgot to check the bathroom. I can imagine the lashing I would get if Ivan were here, what I will get when I tell him. This is an unexpected variable. Variables have to be eliminated. I hold up my gun and shoot. The blood loss makes me sloppy and I hit her throat. Her scream is gargled as she collapses to the floor. I walk forward and fire another into her skull. Mercy, a weakness they have not been able to beat out of me, no matter how hard I want it to go away.
            “Black Widow, you’re a hard woman to find,” I forgot to watch the door. Stupid, Natalia. I turn to face him, ready to accept my fate. My gun is out of bullets. My act of kindness will be the death of me. Had I let the maid suffer, I would already be gone. The archer dead. However, he lowers his bow slightly, no longer a kill shot.
            “Aren’t you going to kill me?” I ask.
            “You’re a kid,” he states.
            “I’ve never been a child, and I am definitely not one now,” I reply, “Do what you came to do,” I am getting dizzy, but I will not show weakness as I stare down death.
            “You aren’t going to fight back?” I hesitate. I should, I probably could, still take him down, but no.
            “I don’t think so,” I look down at the maid, I took another innocent
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Maria Hill & Natasha Romanov
Nick Fury & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Nick Fury
Clint Barton & Maria Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov
Cooper Barton & Lila Barton & Natasha Romanov
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Pre-Canon
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
POV Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Feels
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
POV First Person
Hurt Natasha Romanov
Prequel
Protective Clint Barton
Minor canon divergence
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Past Brainwashing
Past Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
Past Torture
Strike Team Delta
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Flashbacks
Car Chases
Car Accidents
Super Soldier Serum
Rescue Missions
Undercover Missions
Missions Gone Wrong
Natasha Romanov centric
Red Room (Marvel)
Natasha Romanov-centric
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Domestic Avengers
The Avengers (2012) Compliant
Clint and Laura Barton's Family
Protective Laura Barton
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Marvel Universe
Canon Compliant
Social Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Maria Hill & Natasha Romanov
Nick Fury & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Nick Fury
Clint Barton & Maria Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov
Cooper Barton & Lila Barton & Natasha Romanov
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov

