Chapter 1





Chapter Text

     Tony prayed to gods he had no hope in that this wasn’t happening, for it to stop happening. 

     His father bargaining Tony away to the crown prince to avoid his punishments shouldn’t have shocked him, but it did. Selling faulty, cheaply made weapons to the castle was bound to bite Howard on the ass eventually. Of course, Tony was taking the bite for him. 

     “Please, mamma I don’t want to go!” Tony begged his mother, “Make them reconsider, there has to be something else the castle wants as payment.”

     His room was being ransacked by soldiers, the group efficiently packing things away to take to his new home. Of course Tony was grateful that he even got to have his possessions brought with him, but it was just another violation in his personal space that was piling up to make him wildly uncomfortable. Tony was ready to jump out of his skin, gripping at one of his nest blankets brought some comfort, but not nearly enough. He thought he might vomit at the sight of the blankets and pillows of his nest being touched by strangers and shoved into crates for the long journey ahead of him. The soldiers’ alpha and beta scents were flying around and the comfortable, familiar mix of himself and his family was being completely thrown off. 

     Tony didn’t know what was more insulting, being traded off to some unknown knothead prince, or the fact that said knothead hadn’t come to get his prize himself. Tony dreaded meeting his future alpha, afraid that he was going to be treated like a new toy being shipped from somewhere exotic and all interest would quickly be lost when he didn’t meet expectations.

     “Oh, my Anthony, the castle was very clear about what our options are. You just need to be strong for us, I love you. I’ll miss you.” Maria whispered to Tony, teary eyed, stepping away from him to allow the soldiers to take him aboard the carriage. 

     Tony could hardly believe his mother’s compliance in this. Here Tony was, being shipped off to live with someone he’s never met, someone he knows nothing about, and his mother still plays the dutiful omega, bending to Howard’s will. 

     “C’mon omega, we gotta get moving if we’re going to make it to your wedding in time. Gotta get you fitted for your wedding night.” A tall, blonde alpha soldier came and grabbed his arm to lead him away. Tony couldn’t help but let out a little growl at the contact, already on edge from his nest being moved and the blatant disregard for his person being traded away for his father’s sake.  

     The big soldier chuckled at his weak attempt at sounding tough and pulled him along, gently lifting him into the carriage. Tony curled in on himself once he was settled inside. He was happy to be out of all of the activity, able to comfort himself somewhat with the blanket he grabbed from his nest before the moving party burst in to haul him away. Tony could hear the soldiers laughing and moving around outside, getting ready to move out and away from his life and everything that he knew. The laughter grated on Tony’s ears, any amount of joy or hilarity seemed just so out of place with the situation. It was hilarious, Tony thought bitterly, being forced out of his life to be taken by some spoiled, entitled alpha was absolutely the funniest thing in the entire world. He heard enough of the alphas talking before to know that they're making fun of his misfortune. A little virgin omega being carted away to the big bad alpha to be filled full of babies for the rest of his life, what a fantastic fairy tale to tell his children. Tony shivered at the thought, at being treated like his mother the rest of his life. Maria was loved, and Howard seemed to treasure her, but she was given nothing important to do and it seemed she wasn’t really all that respected because she’d only had an omega son.

     “Those assholes aren’t going to stand a chance I can tell you that much right now, Barton. I give it like, two days, before they’re completely wrapped around that little omega’s finger.” A voice came from outside.

     “Blow it out your ass, Wilson. Those idiots aren’t going to last twenty minutes under those doe eyes. I’m half in love with him already and I haven’t even shared a word with the little thing.”

     “You horny beta, you’re in love with every pretty omega you see. Let’s move out before we’re late and we have to explain to Winifred why her new omega child was later than she wanted.” The red headed female alpha silenced the male soldiers with her order to move out, stopping, or pausing, the bickering on how long the aforementioned ‘assholes’ would last under his supposed omega charms. 

     He’d be having multiple alphas? It made sense that no one would think to mention that to Tony before he was to leave. Dear lord, he’d be having to deal with twice the amount of alpha than he’d anticipated and potentially twice as many children. 

     Resigned to be the laughing stock or gossip fodder for the remai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
bratty tony
Protective Bucky Barnes
Possessive Steve Rogers
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mpreg
Male omegas are intersex
sorry if that is not your thing
it just makes more sense to me
for babies ya know
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Updating tags as I go
slower updates
omegas comfortable in gender neutral clothing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

