Chapter 1





Chapter Text
  The sun shone blood red in the smoky afternoon sky. From the high vantage point on the roof of Stark tower, Tony could see plumes of smoke from at least a dozen fires around the city. His HUD helpfully showed him even more.“Well, this is a fine mess,” Tony said, and Iron Man’s computerized voice came out as a drawl. He turned to look at the Avenger's Tower a few blocks away -- one of the few buildings which was not on fire. Gee. Why would that be? “What’s the phrase? Good enough for government work?”The two bird brothers from another mother scowled at Tony. Captain America’s jaw did that clenchy thing it did when he was really pissed.To be fair -- and Tony was always fair, no matter what some in the League of Villains said -- the Avengers did look the worse for wear. That’s what three days of fighting an undying army of hulklings across the city would do to a trio of do-gooders. But the Avengers were no closer to saving the day. Meanwhile, the city was getting more... smashed.Something had to be done, and Tony was a lot of things, but at least he did what needed doing.Avengers and Villains stood in two separate groups, a strip of no man's land between them -- but that was okay. For Tony’s plan to work, they didn’t have to function as one unit.“How do we know we can trust them?” Falcon asked, loud enough to be heard by all.Captain America glanced over at Tony’s side of the roof.“We don’t,” Cap replied, “but I’m not seeing much of a choice here.”“Hey bird boy, this is your side's mess," Tony said. "General Ross subcontracts for SHIELD. Those are his hulklings--”“Using the Hulk’s blood--” Cap blurted.“That he took from force after he kidnapped Doctor Banner.” Bruce was a known part-time Villain League member. Tony could use his name. "Blaming the victim, much, Captain?"“This feels wrong,” said Captain's other flunky. The archer who dressed in purple and black leather. Hawkguy? Hawkeye? Something like that. “Two weeks ago, Iron Man was trying to bomb Roxxon Oil. Now he’s giving us an antidote?”By Tony’s side, the Winter Soldier shifted his weight from foot-to-foot. “Tell the complainer to shut up, or I will do it for him,” the Winter Soldier muttered in Russian -- incidentally, all he spoke, even though he understood English just fine. Tony couldn’t see the Soldier's face under his muzzle-like mask and sunglasses, of course, but imagined he looked more murderous than usual.Captain America gave the villains a quick, suspicious glance, “What did he just say?”“That he’s ready and raring to go.” Tony’s voice came out flat through the Iron Man armor.The Winter Soldier snorted.Captain America was big and wore a dumb flag motif, but he wasn’t a fool. He clenched his jaw again. “You say the Villain League has the means to stop the hulklings, but only the three of you showed up? That's it?”“We’re a League,” the Black Widow said from Tony's other side, “not an army. Iron Man sent out a call. We answered.”"Deadpool said he'd be around later," Tony added. He didn't miss Captain America's wince. Yeah, he felt the same way. Deadpool wasn't on anyone's side, per say. He just... was.Tony didn't bother explaining motivations. This was Iron Man’s city. Tony loved it, let himself be labeled a villain and lied to his husband on a daily basis in order to keep it safe.  The Winter Soldier was always ready to pay back a pound of flesh for whatever SHIELD had done to him before he escaped to join the League. The Black Widow actually was a double-agent working with SHIELD to infiltrate the League -- she was good, JARVIS was better-- but Tony believed firmly in keeping your enemies closer, ect, ect. Whatever. She was there and ready to fight.Cap said nothing, and Tony shrugged.“Welp, I guess he doesn’t want our help.” Tony turned. “Gentleman. Lady.”“Wait.” Cap looked like he was chewing nails. Then he stepped forward and extended a hand to shake. “You're right, the safety of the city comes first. Truce?”Tony wouldn't have taken his hand anyway, but before he could think of a comeback, the Winter Soldier stepped right in his path. Putting himself between Tony and the Captain.The Winter Soldier spat to the side. “There will be no truce, Comrade, as long as you remain a dog for SHIELD.”“Um.” Cap glanced at Tony. “What?”“This isn’t a truce, Cap," Tony said, glancing sidelong at the Soldier. Comrade? He'd have to ask about that, later. "Today we have the same enemy. That’s all.”The Captain’s fingers curled in. He nodded once, his hand dropping. For a weird moment, the expression on the uncovered portions of his face almost reminded Tony of Steve -- how he wanted to make friends with everyone. How it hurt him every single time it didn't happen.Tony ruthlessly pushed down a small spike of pity."I'm assuming you have a plan," Cap said.Tony snorted. "Do we have a plan," he repeated in derision.Black Widow pulled out a small box from... somewhere out of her catsuit, and flipped up the lid to reveal the antidote Bruce 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Villain Tony Stark
Tony Stark is a villain
OR IS HE
Evil SHIELD
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Super Husbands

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

