Chapter 1: When MJ Met Wanda
    




Chapter Text
Peter and MJ exited his room. “So, what’ya think?” questioned the fun loving spiderling.“This is insane!” replied MJ. Peter had offered to take her to go see the Avengers compound, and well, that’s not exactly an offer you turn down. “I can’t believe that all you guys live and train here.”“Well, not all the time. I still live with May during the school year, and honestly most of us are barely here. Like I’ve hardly ever seen Carol and Strange here.” From far away, the sound of splintering wood cut through the stillness of the compound.“What was that?”“Oh, I think Wanda is doing some training downstairs.”“You mean Wanda like, the Scarlet Witch?” asked the slender brunette, trying to mask her excitement. Obviously, she was in a serious relationship with Peter and wouldn’t do anything to damage that, but she’d always had a little thing for Ms. Maximoff, especially when she got that powerful red glow in her eyes. She could obviously never act on said feeling for a multitude of reasons, but she wouldn’t complain about catching a glimpse of the stunning Sokovian in real life. She hadn’t decided to come to the compound for that reason, but it was definitely at the back of her mind. Now she knew that wouldn’t happen, she of course knew she couldn’t intrude on a training session.“Yup, that’s her,” answered Peter obliviously, “hey I’m getting a little hungry, lemme show you around the kitchen.” Peter lightly skipped off down the hall. MJ was left a step behind, thinking about Wanda glistening with sweat before she noticed Peter walking away.>>>When they arrived at the kitchen, Peter pulled out a leftover enchilada and threw it into the microwave. “You want anything?” he asked.“Just need a refill, thanks Pete.”He pulled the water jug from the fridge and poured some into MJ’s hydro flask. “So uhm, besides the obvious answer, who would you say is your favorite Avenger?”“Well I hardly think that there’s an obvious answer,” replied MJ with a smirk, “but I’d have to say…” she was cut off by the sound of soft footsteps and heavy breathes. She turned and saw none other than the Scarlet Witch herself. And lo and behold, she looked better than MJ could’ve imagined. Her torchlight hair was pulled back into a bun that had clearly been tossed around during training. Her curvy, exquisite body gleamed with sweat, the rise and fall of her chest emphasizing her ample breasts. She wore a fitting athletic tank top that cut off at the midriff exposing her flat stomach. Maroon yoga pants hugged her taught legs, emphasizing her thicker lower body. God Bless yoga pants, thought MJ.“Hey Peter, just came in here to make my smoothie,” spoke the Sokovian.“What’s going in it,” answered Peter.“Mango, banana, avocado, and some pea protein.”“Mmmm, sounds yummy.”“You want?”“Oh no, I’m all set,” he said just as the timer for the microwave went off.He popped out his enchilada, not waiting for it to cool before digging in. He noticed Wanda glancing at MJ. “Oh sorry, this is Michelle. She’s my uh…” Peter understood that MJ was his girlfriend, but he’d never actually said that openly to anyone other than Ned and May.“Girlfriend,” interjected MJ, with a little side eye being thrown toward Peter, “I’m his girlfriend, and you can call me MJ.” Though she appeared cool and friendly on the outside, her brain was currently rising through ten different levels of panic, finally settling upon the highest level known eloquently as: FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!Wanda quickly scanned the younger girl up and down. Hmm pretty cute, Wanda thought to herself, not bad kid. She slid over to the fridge to prep the ingredients for her smoothie. Despite her hearing Peter and MJ talking, every time she looked over, she caught MJ’s earthy brown eyes staring at her before the caramel skinned girl would quickly avert her gaze.As she began blending up her smoothie, the pair headed off down one of the many hallways. “It was nice meeting you!” yelled MJ over the sound of the blender. Wanda shot them a smile and watched them as they walked away, admiring just how endless MJ’s taught legs seemed to be. Not bad at all.>>> “Hey Peter, where’s the bathroom?” asked MJ“Two doors down the hall and on the left.”“Thanks,” said MJ as she strode down the hall. Truth be told, she was actually a little underwhelmed by the compound. As a woman of science, it was an immaculate facility, there was no doubting that. But she had just expected to have all the different Avengers running around and doing……. what do they do during their off time, she thought as she swung open the bathroom door. When she passed by the mirror, she realized just how badly she had been blushing after her run in with Wanda. She promptly splashed some water on her face to try and cool herself off. Suddenly, horrifically, the unmistakable WHOOOOSH of a toilet flush came from behind a sliding door, from which out stepped the Scarlet Witch.“Oh shit, I’m so sorry, I didn’t realize 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Michelle Jones/Wanda Maximoff
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Carol Danvers
Cassie Lang/Michelle Jones
Carol Danvers/Wanda Maximoff
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Carol Danvers & Michelle Jones
Cassie Lang/Wanda Maximoff
Cassie Lang & Natasha Romanov
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Michelle Jones
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Wanda Maximoff
Carol Danvers/Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Shameless Smut
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Smut
Light Angst
light fluff
Bondage
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Lesbian Sex
Lesbian Character
Femslash
Dom/sub
Domestic Avengers
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Vaginal Fingering
Finger Sucking
Anal Fingering
Scissoring
Strap-Ons
Dildos
Masturbation
Sex with Powers
Porn with Feelings
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Threesome - F/F/F
Foursome - F/F/F/F
Fivesome - F/F/F/F/F
Marriage Proposal
Voyeurism
Sex
Rough Sex
Sex Toys
Sexual Roleplay
Roleplay
Mutual Masturbation
Gratuitous Smut
Fluff and Angst
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Domestic Fluff
Teasing
Whipping
Whining
Possessive Sex
Slut Shaming
Vibrators
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Delay
Hurt Valkyrie
Drunk Natasha Romanov
Hurt Carol Danvers
Drunk Brunnhilde | Valkyrie (Marvel)
Natasha Romanov Feels
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Written to Jessie Reyez
Why Am I Adding Tags After it's Already Finished
Gangbang
Kissing
Rough Kissing
Neck Kissing
Forehead Kisses
Girls Kissing
Gentle Kissing
Fisting
Anal Fisting

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Michelle Jones/Wanda Maximoff
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Carol Danvers
Cassie Lang/Michelle Jones
Carol Danvers/Wanda Maximoff
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Carol Danvers & Michelle Jones
Cassie Lang/Wanda Maximoff
Cassie Lang & Natasha Romanov
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Michelle Jones
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Wanda Maximoff
Carol Danvers/Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov

