Chapter 1: On the things you have done
    




Chapter Text
At Natasha’s insistence, they’d stopped by Steve’s apartment before they got on the plane. He grabbed some clothes and shoved them into a duffel bag as quickly as he could. He was impatient to get going.Natasha refused to tell him any more about it until they were on the plane. It was a private jet that Tony had sent, and they took off immediately after Steve and Natasha got on. Steve’s normal fear of flying was overshadowed by his impatience, and he fidgeted in his seat while staring at Natasha.Once they were in the air, Natasha finally put down her phone and looked at him.“I’m sorry, Steve. I didn’t mean to leave you hanging like that. I just didn’t feel comfortable discussing this in public. You never know who’s listening.”Steve tried not to roll his eyes. “My apartment isn’t public.”Natasha raised her eyebrows at him. “No, but you haven’t swept it for bugs lately, have you?”Steve frowned and opened his mouth to reply, but he stopped himself. “Okay, never mind. Just tell me.”“Okay,” Natasha said calmly. “First of all, this happened three days ago.”Steve stared at her. “You found him three days ago, and you’re just telling me now?”“Yes,” Natasha said. She didn’t flinch under Steve’s glare. “Well, found isn’t really the right word. We more of… ran into him. We were chasing down that Hydra guy we were hunting, and just before Clint took the shot, someone else did. So we waited for a while out of sight, and sure enough, Barnes walks up and starts going through the guy’s pockets. I don’t know what he was looking for. But anyway, Tony dropped down and made some stupid joke, and Barnes shot him. Obviously Tony was fine, but he reflexively jumped back. You know those modifications he was making to some of Clint’s rifles?”“Yes,” Steve said slowly.“Well, he failed to mention that those modifications can also be controlled by his suit. He accidentally triggered the rifle Clint was using when he moved, and it fired. It shot Barnes –““You shot him?” Steve shouted.Natasha winced slightly. “Yes, but he’ll be fine. It was just an accident. Clint knocked the rifle away when it fired, and it missed. Mostly. It went through his lung – Steve, calm down.”Steve was frantically running his hands through his hair. “I should have been there. They shot him, oh my god –““Steve, stop. He’s fine. Everyone’s fine. He still tried to run even after he’d been shot, but he didn’t get far. We had to sedate him, and we brought him to Tony’s country house. Bruce took care of the gunshot wound, and he’s already healing.”Steve’s frantic breaths clearly indicated that he was not, in fact, calming down. Natasha was watching him carefully. “Steve, take a slower breath. Yeah, like that. It’s all right.”“I should have been there,” Steve said again. He was trying to remember the tactics that Sam had taught him on how to calm down, but his mind was going blank.Natasha shook her head. “I think we did the right thing, Steve. I still don’t think you’re ready to be out in the field right now.”“Yeah, well, look what happened when I wasn’t there!”“That would have happened whether you were there or not."“You don’t know that,” Steve started to say. But he was already stressed, and he was just too tired to argue. He slumped back in his seat. “Okay, fine. Forget it. It’s too late now, anyway. How is he?”Natasha seemed a little taken aback by his rapid change in demeanour, but she answered him anyway. “He’s okay. Physically, he seems all right. He’s definitely underweight, but other than that he seems healthy enough.”“Other than the bullet wound,” Steve muttered under his breath.“Yes, other than the bullet wound. Mentally… I don’t know. He’s clearly capable of living and acting on his own accord, considering that he’d been hunting and tracking the same guy we were. Not to mention that he’s kept himself alive and safe since Hydra went down.”“How’s he been since you found him?"“He’s been sedated almost the entire time.” Seeing Steve’s frown, Natasha hurried to explain. “We tried to let him wake up, but then he tried to kill Bruce when he went in to check on him. Things almost got… a little out of hand, and we thought that we would wait for you before we let him wake up again.”Steve slumped back against his seat. “So that’s all you know? Nothing about where he’s been since Hydra went down? What he’s been doing?”Natasha shook her head. “Nothing. I’m sorry.”“No, no, don’t be worry,” Steve said hastily. “Thank you, Natasha. For bringing him in, and for coming and getting me. I appreciate it.”She smiled at him a little. “Don’t worry about it. You should get some sleep before we get there. You look tired.”Steve laughed sharply. “Honestly, I feel like you’ve only ever seen me when I look tired.”Natasha thought about it. “That’s probably true.” Steve did what she said anyway. He tried to take a nap, but his mind was working too quickly. He’d been feeling more relaxed after his mini vacation in DC, but already h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Grief/Mourning
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Panic Attacks
Drug Abuse
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Insomnia
Self-Harm

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

