Work Text:
A murmur goes through the crowd, but Loki pays it no heed. He flees the throne room with as much dignity as he can muster, which is little enough, Thor thinks ruefully.“There is no reason for concern,” he placates their guests, already rising from his seat. “But if you will excuse me I will retire early. Loki does not take well to Asgard’s summer and I will see if I can provide some relief for him.”He willfully ignores his mother’s knowing smile and strides out of the Great Hall as swiftly as courtesy allows, hastening his steps as soon as the doors fall shut behind him. Very little goes by his mother and he is sure she knows what really ails his husband.A familiar sight greets him upon entering the chambers he now shares with Loki: clothes strewn carelessly on the floor, a haphazard line of tunic, breeches and boots leading to the bedroom. Loki has taken to wearing Asgardian garb as soon as his body starting changing, the many layers far less revealing than the simple length of silk he prefers to wrap around his hips.Thor crosses the room quickly and follows suit, shucking his light armor and the shirt underneath. He pauses at the open door leading to their bedroom, taking a moment to simply enjoy looking at his husband.“Stop staring at me like a fish, you oaf,” Loki pants harshly. “Come here, I have better uses for your mouth.” Thor might be insulted if it were not for the sight of him: two fingers hooked into his cunt, already sliding in and out wetly, the movement slightly hindered by the gentle swell of his belly, his other hand kneading one of his delightfully plump breasts roughly.Loki’s legs tilt open eagerly, making room for Thor as soon as he kneels on the bed. Slim fingers curl around Thor’s neck and he succumbs to the pressure willingly, bending low until he can lap at the fingers still buried deep inside Loki.Loki’s taste explodes on his tongue, salty and familiar, and Thor chases it eagerly, licking up between the plump folds of Loki’s sex until he can wrap his lips around the little nub of Loki’s clit. He sucks lightly, testing Loki’s mood. Loki’s moods are as unpredictable during these short bouts of heat as the times at which they occur. Sometimes Thor fucks him to tears, filling him with his fingers when Loki is too sensitive to bear his cock any longer and still demands more; other times Loki is content to simply lie there and hold him inside, Thor’s cock seemingly enough to quench his desire. “Harder,” Loki demands, his voice tight with need, raising his hips impatiently. Ah, it is one of these times then, and Thor cannot say that he minds because he has been hard and leaking into his breeches since he left the Great Hall. He is the god of fertility; fucking is his very nature, etched into his whole being, and to have someone who did not shy away once he revealed the true extent of his appetites is more than he ever dreamed of.Thor complies and sucks hard on Loki’s clit, slipping two fingers deep into his cunt along Loki’s own. Loki hisses at the additional stretch, but he clamps down hard on their fingers, greedy, and draws them deeper, his thighs quivering against the sides of Thor’s face. “Yes, like that, yes, again,” Loki cries out, a full-body shudder sweeping through him when Thor plucks his clit with his lips and spreads his fingers, gently rubbing him inside.Thor spreads him open with a hand on his thigh and pumps him with hard strokes, his own arousal ratcheting higher with the rising pitch of Loki’s moans. Every time he curls his fingers inside Loki’s slick heat Thor can feel the answering press of Loki’s own fingers against his knuckles, asking for more. “Thor— I, oh gods, please…“ Each roll of Loki’s hips into Thor’s strokes is harder, faster, slicker and it is almost Thor’s undoing when he looks up, his gaze lingering on the small bump of Loki’s belly before it travels higher to Loki’s perfect tits and the drops of wetness pearling at the and the golden ringss adorning them. “You are so beautiful like this, sopping wet and wanting,” Thor rasps. He releases Loki’s thigh and reaches up, plucking a nipple and teasing more wetness from Loki, tits and cunt both, and Norns, he simply has to taste him again. He licks roughly over Loki’s tightly stretched rim, lapping up the salty wetness he finds there until suddenly Loki’s back bows sharply and he comes with a breathless gasp, a gush of wetness coating their hands, Thor’s chin and lips.“You are quite talented with your mouth when you are not talking,” Loki laughs shakily, his fingers slipping from Thor’s hair and over his cheeks, lingering on his lips. “You are easy to please.” Thor rests his cheek on Loki’s thigh and flicks the tip of his tongue lightly against Loki’s fingertips, pleased at the small gasp it earns him. “Maybe I simply taught you well.” Loki struggles into a more upright position, forcing Thor to relinquish his comfortable resting place, and reclines against the mound of pillows that covers their bed, bo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Mpreg
Pregnant Sex
Pregnancy Kink
Lactation Kink
Male Lactation
Intersexuality
Bodily Fluids
Cunnilingus

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

