Chapter 1: Monsters are real
    




Chapter Text



 
 
All he ever wanted was to feel loved. Was that too much to ask? Staring at what seemed to be the remains of the mirror, he almost didn't recognise himself. His eyes looked so empty, like all of the emotions had been sucked out of him. And that was the truth, wasn't it? Tears flowed down his face as he clutched the shard of glass in his shaking hand , while the other one lay bare , in the agonizing wait for the pain to finally end. He would finally be at peace. He brought the shard closer to his wrist, and pressed. 
And then he felt nothing. 
..........
When Tony had snapped, he had saved everyone. Just like he always did. 

"Iron man saves the day!".

They brought back everyone they lost 5 years ago. And Peter...he had almost lost Tony. Almost. 
It was horrifying for Peter, to watch him like that, because no matter what, he was still just a kid, too young to get dusted in his mentor's arms, too innocent to be involved in a deadly battle, too fragile to see anyone die in front of his eyes, let alone his own mentor, his hero. It was far too much trauma for a 16 year old. So when Peter saw him laying against the rock,  burnt and blistered on one side , blood trickling down his lips and nose and looking like he was on the verge of his last breath, Peter had cried, God knows he had cried so much.

"Mr Stark, can you hear me? You did it, you did it mr. Stark we won! we won Mr stark.....


...I'm sorry, Tony." 

Peter knew that he'd blame himself for Tony's death if he died..but he didn't. He barely made it, but he did, and Peter was soo thankful for that.
 So he stayed by Tony's side in the medbay all the time.  He was scared to leave him, it was like if he'd leave , Tony would disappear and it would all just be like a dream. It had taken Pepper an hour to make him believe that it was all real, So Peter believed her.  He knew he had to leave soon, because May was coming to pick him up. 
Oh yeah ...May. 
He had missed her so much. And he was finally going to see her. 
But somewhere deep down in his heart there was this ache, this stabbing pain that drove home the fact that he had left her, alone, for 5 whole years.He had left the bus even when May told him not to. 
How could he be so selfish? How could he leave her alone like that? After everything May has done for him..How could he?
.........
When May came to pick him up, that was when he first saw David. 
After the snap, when May had lost Peter, she mourned him alone until she found David. And it's not like Peter could blame her becuase how could he? May was alone and she needed someone. She deserved all the happiness in the world and Peter knew somewhere that he could never be anything more than just a burden on her.. Especially after this.
He still blamed himself for Ben's death even though May told him otherwise.
 
May ran to Peter as she got out of the car never bothering to shut the door behind her as she hugged him tightly, so tight that he could almost feel his bones breaking. 
There seemed to be some movement behind her but Peter couldn't seem to care less about that right now. She held him as trails of happy tears made their way down both of their faces. At that moment, Peter looked at her, and she looked happy, so happy like she's never been in ages. He couldn't believe he could ever give someone so much happiness. The guilt and pain in his heart was almost drowned out by the warmth her embrace offered him.
It wasn't until May released him from the bone crushing hug that he realized that someone else was standing beside them. 
 

"You must be Peter right? , I've heard a lot about you."


"Peter baby, this is David, he's my boyfriend."

Peter stood there for a while, shocked. He looked back at David as he scanned him. He was Tall, muscular, quite handsome , and he had electric blue eyes that could tear right into someone's soul, and right now, that soul was Peter's.
He watched as David cradled May's face in his hands and wiped her tears, His touch radiating nothing but care and affection for her, and he could almost see why May had fallen for him. 
May deserved all the love and care. And all he could ever give her, was sadness. Peter didn't really like the idea of having someone else between their happy little paradise. But May was happy, she was so happy, and not because of Peter, but David. And it was about time that he'd finally stop being so selfish.
.........
Everything was going great. May was soo happy and David had been the perfect boyfriend to her. He would make her smile , he would compliment her and make her blush, they would do stuff together and David would play with May's hair. It was great..for them.
Them. 
Peter...
He felt a little alone. But it was nothing Ned and Mj couldn't cover up for. That's what he thought.
It was like sometimes they would forget he's there too. They'd be so busy doing their thing and Peter couldn't help but feel a little jealous.
He loved May.
And he also l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Sexual Assault
Child Abuse
Suicide Attempt
Non-Consensual Touching
May's Abusive Boyfriend
Self-Harm
Depression
Depressed Peter Parker
Guilty Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

