Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When you're the most feared assassin in the international spy world, who happens to also be an omega, it's not exactly easy to scrounge up a willing partner. After all, everyone assumes you're an Alpha based on your size and generally grumpy nature. And then the organization Bucky worked for went tits-up in a massive overthrow by fucking Captain America of all people, which, okay, they’d been secretly Nazis and needed to go, but he no longer has access to the high-powered suppressants that kept his scent and heats in check.Bucky had been in deep cover in Brazil when it had all gone down. By the time he’d made it back to the states, it was clear that the government and SHIELD were of the mindset of ‘lock them all up and ask questions later,’ and thanks, but fuck you, so he’d gone to ground. Hiding in plain sight in a city of nearly ten million people was fucking child’s play for him, especially when you didn’t have expensive tastes and were so fucking paranoid because of your job that you had a secret safe house and lots of money and different ID’s stashed at various bank vaults like you were fucking Jason Bourne.This is fucking ridiculous, he thinks, as he scrolls through the website in a heat-induced desperation. It's supposed to be highly confidential, and at this point he doesn't even care about that. All he wants is a cock in his ass instead of the giant dildo he's riding. He can't endure another heat alone. Instead of once every three months, he's had five heats in as many months since running out of suppressants, as if his body was trying to make up for lost time. Or it's another lovely side effect to the serum they'd given him, and something in there had heightened his Omega needs in addition to enhancing the rest of him. Either way, scent blockers and filters did only so much to dissipate the stink of his den, and normal suppressants barely made a dent in his hormones.“Might as well call this site ‘Mail Order Mates’ and stop beating around the bush,” he grumbles. “Call a spade a spade.” The website is an online matching service that seemed doubtful to his skeptical mind, but it was also the best one out there based on a million reviews—both from their own site and several other Omega chat boards and blogs. He’d checked out both the Omega side of the site as well as the Alpha side, because being thorough was his fucking job and what had kept him alive to see his thirtieth birthday come and go two years ago.There’s even two types of membership: one for those only looking for heat/rut partners, and one for those looking for a mate. He doesn’t see what the fucking difference is. Your designation wouldn’t let you fuck someone whose scent didn’t agree with you, which, at least in Bucky’s mind, makes everyone a potential mate by default. His thumb hovers over the mate button for a moment before he taps on partner. He has no interest in dragging someone into the hot mess that is his life, and really, he’s not exactly mate material anyway.The questionnaire is annoyingly long and detailed, but he answers it honestly—probably far more honestly than he would if he wasn’t in heat—and submits everything. He doesn’t expect an answer any time soon. He’d been extremely blunt about his own build and personality, and not many Alphas, at least in his experience, were interested in a male partner built like a fucking tank. Not to mention the fact that he wasn’t on any suppressants, and had included a statement about having frequent cycles, more often than the average Omega. And while you’d think that a monthly booty call sounds like fun to most Alphas, who seem to think only with their dicks, it’s work, and no Alpha has that kind of stamina or flexibility of scheduling. He’s hoping that maybe he’ll get lucky and can match with a few different people, so they can at least get a break every other month. He’s not that selfish, after all. ***** Things go well enough, considering that beggars can’t really be choosers. Bucky gets a handful of potential matches, and after exchanging scent samples, he doesn’t recoil in disgust at two of them, so they go forward with information exchange. They’re not an ideal scent, either of them, but he can get past that for the cock they are willing to give him. One goes by the name of Brock (he thinks it’s a fake name, but then again so is the name Bucky gave him—Shawn) and is a bit more rough than he’d prefer, but it’s only every other month, so he puts up with it without complaint. He can defend himself if needed, even with a knot stuck in his ass.Brock smells like old smoke, like the kind that comes from a campfire when you extinguish it. Which…it’s not terrible, but the moment he’s through the worst of his heat, Bucky kicks Brock out and lights several scent neutralizers to clear the air because there’s just something about it lingering in his space that gives him anxiety.His other semi-match is an absolutely gorgeous mountain of a man named M’Baku who loves to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow (mentioned)
James "Bucky" Barnes/M'Baku (mentioned)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Shrunkyclunks
Not Canon Compliant
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Canon-Typical Violence
Identity Porn
Modern Bucky Barnes
Modern Winter Soldier (but no metal arm)
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Prayer Circle for Bucky's Asshole
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Angst and Humor
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
I absolutely promise there's a happy ending
where everyone knows everything and it's all rainbows and unicorns
Rimming
mentioned mpreg
mpreg exists in this universe now
so thanks for that brain
i wasn't expecting that
oh god i just made a horrible pun in my tags i'm so sorry
Come Marking
Come as Lube
Spit As Lube
Rough Sex
Claiming Bites
almost-fisting
fist-as-a-knot fucking
now with art!

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow (mentioned)
James "Bucky" Barnes/M'Baku (mentioned)

