Chapter 1: Soul-mates believe and the ugly truth
    


        Chapter by beizanten


Notes:
Disclaimer: I do not own anything. Genre: Romance /Angst Warning: NC 17 slash. Thanks for all that review Beta by: Virgilia Coriolanus

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Chapter by beizantenBeta by: Virgilia Coriolanus Soul-bonding was a rare occurrence with only 3500 bonding confirmation in America since the early seventeenth century. The rarest and ultimate bond of soul-bonding was called the Twin-flame; they claimed to have spent many past reincarnations together. Soul-bonding was a romanticized notion. The Alexandrine Institute for the Study and Tracking of Soulmates had this to say on the subject of soulmates- [Soulmate:] A person with whom you had an immediate connection the moment you met. The connection was so strong that you were drawn to them in a way you had never experienced before. As this connection developed over time, you experienced a love so deep, strong and complex, that you doubted you had ever truly loved anyone prior. Your soulmate understood and connected with you in every way and on every level, which brought a sense of peace, calmness, and happiness when you were around them. And when you were not around them, you were all that much more aware of the harshness of life, and how bonding with another person in this way was the most significant and satisfying thing you would experience in your lifetime. You were also all that much aware of the beauty in life because you had been given a great gift and would always be thankful. Children were taught about how perfect, wonderful and sacred soul-bond and Twin-flame were since they could speak. Notwithstanding the bullshit that TV and adults tried to brainwash children with things like 'Something about being with your soul-mate made your blood sang with the serene hum of Zen gardens and all the ever-lasting beauty and joy of meeting your soul-mate.' Tony wasn't fooled the slightest, his parents were living proof of the ugly truth. Soul-bonding wasn't the sacred or glorious thing that people, novels, and television made it out to be, and not all soul-bound couples were happy. The statistic that never got mentioned was that 2% of soul-bonded couples had broken up or divorced since the early 17th century. Every case highly publicized in the news because people believed soul-bonds were sacred and everlasting and wanted to know what went wrong. Then there were the soul-mates who weren't happy but stay together anyway, clung to the idea of the ideal relationship and what society expected of them. That was the situation his mom-Maria stark- was in, she was trapped in a never-ending cycle of misery, waiting, still waiting for her soul-mate to make her life perfect again, and grew increasingly bitter, resentful and withdrawn the longer the ideal eluded her. Tony promised himself, he would never let himself be that pitiful.XXX Sure his mother once told him how his father used to be a great lover and Alpha, but now she drank and smoked to forget a husband who was never there… not since she became pregnant with their son.  Howard had searched for Captain America obsessively again after his son was born. When Tony was only two years old and Howard's search had yielded nothing since finding the Tesseract, he turned to the bottle to forget his woes.  Maria had been drowning in depression that she completely neglected Tony’s care. There were never any hugs of tenderness or encouragement. She never or cared about any need of her son. She mostly forgot Tony even exist... only paying him attention when he was paraded out for social events. Otherwise, it was up to the nanny and Jarvis to look after him. And that was before Howard lost interest in his wife and started cheating left and right. After that, his mom started to spout poisonous words and treated him harshly. Howard and Maria became increasingly bitter and angry with passing years.XXXX Sometimes Maria blamed Tony, saying it was all Tony’s fault for being Captain America’s soul-mate, that his existence had renewed Howard’s desire to find the Super-Soldier relic. For years, Tony believed it. Her verbal abuse grew more and more frequent as she fell into depression with the passing years. In her drunken ravings, she spewed whatever poison she managed to come up with at Tony from day to day.




Notes:

Level or sexual caste doesn’t indicate who is strongest only level of pheromone induces and fertility though usually higher level and sexual caste usually gets higher position in the pack. But we all know Avengers are hardly normal pack and Steve and Tony are going to be co-leader while Steve is an alpha and Tony is an Omega. Steve:  Pre-serum: average -54% alpha Captain America: more than 100%/off the chart alpha. Tony and Natasha: high level Omega. One with strong will to controls any alphas. Natasha even harnesses her caste and uses it as a weapon Pepper and Cl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soul Bond
Tony Feels
Twin-flame
Omega Tony
Character Study
Child Abuse
PSTD
Hate to Love
Insecure Tony
Hurt Tony Stark
Depress and Angry Steve Rogers
friendship and family - Freeform
Alpha Steve Rogers
Pepper Pott/Tony Stark
Pepper and Tony wasn't soul-mate but they were good together
Protective Rhodey
Hurt Steve Rogers
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Alpha Peppper
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Half-mate
Maria Stark A+ Parenting
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Twin-soul
Some soulmates are forever
Some truth about real life soul-mate
Soulbound dreams is pastlife memories
Tony have a heart
Misunderstandings
Tony Needs a Hug
Steve Needs a Hug
Omega courting in later chapters
natasha/clint in later chapter
mention of bruce/betty
Dominant Omega Tony & Natasha
Alpha Rhodey
Of the chart Alpha Steve
mention past Steve/Howard
Natasha/Clint - Freeform
Thor/Jane - Freeform
mention Thor/Loki platonic soulbond
Sub Alpha Steve
steve/tony slowburn
Friendship/Love
Team Bonding
enemies to teamate

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

