Work Text:
This is a world where Steve Rogers should’ve been transformed into Captain America, but isn’t.This is also the world where Steve Rogers should’ve been transformed into the ultimate weapon, and is.Under the surface, there really is no difference between being a weapon and being a killing machine; the two can be wrapped up in separate packages but they will always be one in the same. In that sense, he becomes the very thing they’d set out to turn him into.Technically, Steve Rogers dies in that metal sarcophagus. Before it happens, all he knows is pain. It could’ve ended for him – he could’ve continued on with the life he’d always known – if he’d just let them stop when Dr. Erskine had ordered it to. But he’d fought it; demanded that he could do it.He could, but yet he couldn’t, either.For a split second in time - one that, to him, lasts forever because in that single moment, he straddles that line between life and death - his heart stops beating. His body has succeeded in getting bigger – stronger, durable, but it’d taken just a heartbeat too long, and then that very same heart gives out. He only remains standing because in that chamber, there’s nowhere else for his body to go. But had they opened it up and stopped the procedure there, he wouldn’t have for very much longer; the body they’d wanted would’ve been revealed to the world, but the man who’d powered it would’ve been long gone, and he would’ve done nothing more useful than fall to the floor – an empty shell, a vessel now useless to them.But that’s not what happens. Because he’d already stopped screaming before his heart had taken its final beat, and so they wouldn’t have known to stop it there. The fact that they did see it through to completion is the only reason Steve Rogers is brought back from the brink of death.Now, they’d never be able to explain why or how what happened happened, but time – decades of it – has given Steve the chance to come up with his own hypotheses. He’ll never know for sure, of course, but here is his guess: though his heart stops beating, he’s inches away from death but hasn’t actually died yet. His body, in this moment, is between two states – he is both alive and dead. Any longer, had the procedure ended, and he would’ve drifted quickly into the latter, and his story would’ve been over.But the vitarays and the serum and the DNA in his body are still changing him – it’s still unrelenting - and so it brings him back while also failing to at the same time. He’ll never be able to understand for sure how it had made him what it did… But, straddling that line between life and death, the serum turns him into something completely different. And that’s the real transformation that happens to Steve Rogers, and that’s the real definition of pain that his body’s never felt before.When the procedure is over and the machine opens, he’s no longer dead but he isn’t human. His heart had been beating so fast when it had all started but he doesn’t feel it anymore. It had, in fact, taken its final beat. It’ll never beat again, but of course, Steve doesn’t know this, not at first. It takes time for him to fully realize the extent to which he’s changed.He knows he’s bigger and that he feels taller, but he doesn’t understand why everyone reacts the way they do. He’s under the impression that the experiment had been success… Only they don’t stop gasping and he thinks he hears someone shouting, and they’re all backing away with a look of fear across all of their faces – and he’d be paying this more mind if everything wasn’t so discombobulating.He’d expected Erskine’s serum to amplify his senses – he’d been given the whole ‘bad becomes worse; good becomes great’ speech the night before – but he isn’t prepared for what happens when he opens his eyes for the first time. The lights are too bright and there’s too much dust floating in the air. It doesn’t matter that the men in the stands are a good twenty feet away, he can still see every pore on their faces. Their gasps sound like screams and their screams sound like thunder booming in his ears, and his head spins, it spins and it’s too much, too much, please stop, and there’s this smell…Steve doesn’t know what it is at first, but it’s sweet like nectar and immediately has fire ripping through his throat because some basal need inside of him requires it like air. It’s instantly maddening and he’s scared, he’s terrified, and then beyond the deafening sounds around him there’s this chorus of loud booms… Pitter-patters that sound like drums and canons. They’re all quick and they’re coming from everywhere but there’s nothing in this room but him and the people still too scared to come near him.It’s only when his eyes finally land and focus on Howard Stark… When he’s able to zero in on his senses – try and focus them on one person to stable himself, even just a bit… that he realizes he can see the scientist’s pulse fluttering away in his neck. And that boom-BOOM, boom-BOOM, boom-BOOM surrounding
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Alternate Universe - Vampire
Character Turned Into Vampire
Vampire Sex
Vampire!Steve
Eventually Vampire!Bucky
Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Blood Kink
Blood Drinking
Blood
Mild Painplay
Biting
Anal Sex
Anal
Blow Jobs
Rimming
Rough Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Safe Sane and Consensual
Forced Suicide
but like
It's Hitler and his wife
So you can only feel so bad
It's the super soldier experiment that accidentally turns Steve into the monster
Steve goes to rescue Bucky in Hydra
Oh no Bucky's practically dead
It's either turn him or let him die
Steve and Bucky having nothing but each other
And they're fucking BEAUTIFUL
But constantly hungry or wanting to fuck
Angst
Angst and Porn
Angst and Feels
Violence
Consensual Violence
Blood and Violence
Bucky gets off on the pain
Warning for plenty of violence and gore
and mature content
Twist on historical facts
Whole thing takes place during the war
Warning: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

