Chapter 1: Meta- Sten and Vendan, Named
    


        Chapter by aenor_llelo, Alderous, Falrisesi, Jaybird314




Chapter Text
 I first thought of Sten and Vendan about the instant I saw Change Your Mind. Steven's a fusion! How fucking wild! And then it never came up again, because, y'know, the series was over. And when Future was coming out, and we were getting all the Pink Mode Steven teasers, I thought Steven being a fusion was going to be something they brought up again, but it didn't work out like that. Not criticizing the choice, I love the story they chose to tell, but still. The implications were too good for me to resist, and so I created Sten and Vendan. I wanted Connie to be the one who names them because- it's Connie. She was the one who was there when it happened, who has always been there for him. Steven being split was damn traumatic, it's not something he's going to want to think about. So Connie is the one who goes "holy shit, you're two actual people in there" and goes through that effort to name them, to person them. Which, she might not have realized at the time, but that was something Steven really needed to hear. That was something he really needed. So, name meanings! Because i'm a nerd who looks up name meanings, and Connie definitely is too. Even if she didn't quite get the implications of what she was about to do, it wasn't something she was going to take lightly. Sten. Scandinavian male name, meaning stone. Because he's the solid, grounded part of Steven. Very tethered to reality, to mortality. He's fragile, he's emotional, he's attached to earthly matters like death and empathy. It was also canonically confirmed that the reason Steven is so powerful, powerful enough to take on White Diamond, is his human capacity to change. Without Sten, Steven wouldn't be near as powerful as he is. He's also, to put it very cruelly, Rose/Pink Diamond's gravestone. Vendan. Both in Indian Sanskrit and Tamil, meaning emperor. It's his gem that signifies Steven's birthright, his power, his legacy. He also has a very strong personality, very I Will Do This And So It Shall Be. He's territorial, he's possessive- but he treats his "possessions" with the highest respect, and for this version of Steven, that's the root of his deep kindness. Everything belongs to him, everything is his responsibility, everything is his to protect, everything is his to care for. Sten gets a name that's almost Steven, but not quite. Because at that time, Sten was the bulk of Steven's physical appearance. Then suddenly he's weak, feeble, delirious with single-minded desperation.Vendan gets the Tamil name, a name from Connie's culture. I think he left the bigger, grander, impression on her, that's for certain. Also, because I think I'm funny- (Ste)n and (Ven)dan. (Ste)(Ven). Steven. -Aenor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Meta
Concept Art
Height Charts
character design
Official art
OMAKES
FADIAMT
Codes & Ciphers
Authors' Commentary

fandom: 
None
