Chapter 1: Forgotten Underwear Entrapment + Ginding with Pre-Serum Steve and Bucky
    




Chapter Text
Steve’s drunk at the time, which isn’t surprising since he weighs all of a buck ten soaking wet. He always gets so playful when he’s had too many, a little too hands-on with Bucky’s tiny body, but Bucky doesn’t mind so much. He gets off on it a little, and he thinks Steve enjoys lording over someone smaller than him when he’s always belittled for out outside of their home.
One thing leads to another and Steve’s teasing him about being smaller than his dick, and that he could fit in his underwear with room to spare, and Bucky’s challenging him back saying to do it and see what happens.
And he actually does this time. Bucky, not one to let someone call his bluff, gets to work. Steve was already hard to begin with, turned on by the humiliation play and the size comparisons and Bucky in general, and it only takes him about two minutes of licking and rubbing for Steve to finish in his underwear with a moan.
Bucky waits to be taken out.
And waits.
And then abruptly finds himself pinned under the weight of Steve’s hips, followed by the sound of asthmatic snoring.
The bastard passed out.
His waistband’s too snug, the elastic’s too strong, and even if Bucky could get himself out from under this skinny pelvis he knows from experience there’s no escaping the confines of his underwear without help. Frustrated and maybe a little amused, he finishes himself off too and resigns himself to a night’s sleep under body heat. He’s slept in worse places.
Steve wakes up a little hungover, a little still drunk, and a lot late for work. Cursing under his breath, he slings on pants and a shirt that are rumpled and unpressed, tugging on one shoe and then the other before bolting out the door toward the supermarket where he runs the register.
All that jolting is a chaotic mess for Bucky, who’d been sound asleep right until Steve snapped himself out of bed and started jostling him all around with his panicked, thoughtless moving. 
Yelling up at him does nothing, it’s swallowed by the underwear and the pants and the distance. Prying himself out from under balls doesn’t do it either, so his intention is to get Steve’s attention by pounding on the most sensitive parts of him to get him to look down.
Truth be told, Steve forgot he put Bucky in there. Anything from the night before’s a black fog, a fuzzy brain, and so when his cock starts tingling and zinging with sensation he’s thinking it’s just the sight of the pretty girl standing on the train in front of him. He flushes red with embarrassment when he feels himself going half hard, and subtly turns to adjust his dick so that it’s curved up toward his belt instead of sticking straight out. 
For Bucky, it’s rigid and ungentle fingers digging around through the cloth until it finds him, smashing him up against the underside of a dick and dragging them both into position to be restrained by boxers and trousers. 
The train shakes and jiggles everyone on it, including the beautiful cleavage of the brunette that Steve’s doing his damnedest not to notice - and failing, as his mind sinks farther and farther toward the gutter for some inexplicable reason. Whatever she’s doing to him is making him so hard he’s twitching, tingling, rigid.
The walk to the market is brisk and hurried, and he does his best to hide his boner the whole way until he’s behind the register.
Fortunately, there’s nobody in the store right now - but he can’t leave the till to go to the back for a jerk-off session while he’s on the clock. If someone comes in trying to check out, the owner’ll kill him. Doubly so if someone skims money out of it.
He also can’t take his dick out here, on the chance that a customer comes in and sees him.
Can’t ignore it, because he’s too damn hard, Christ, he could pound nails.
Only one thing for it. He braces his left arm on the counter, settles at the edge of his wooden stool, and - with his eyes fixed on the door in case he needs to stop - he grabs himself over his pants and starts massaging.
Steve’s fingers are steely, brutal things. They press hard, grinding cloth into him and him into cock, smushing him along the underside, griping him and rubbing him up and down in the same circular two or three inches. Then they start to shake at the same time, roughly jerking himself off through the clothes and inadvertently finding incredible sensation at all the places Bucky’s stimulating him just by being there.
He comes silently, a small choked noise, a hot rolling throb that goes from Bucky’s toes all the way up past his head, and then he spills hot and wet down the front of his underwear, and all over Bucky’s body in the process. Those fingers work him through it, smearing him through slickness against his dick, milking out every bit of it and coaxing himself into afterglow.
Great. Twenty minutes into Steve’s six hour shift. Only five and a half to go.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Dean Winchester/Sam Winchester
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Meg Masters/Dean Winchester
Jo Harvelle/Dean Winchester
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Sirius Black/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Macro/Micro
Giants
noncon
dubcon
Watersports
insertion
Underwear entrapment
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Giantess - Freeform
Shrinking
Public Sex
Threesome - M/M/M
Humiliation
Unaware
Growth
Size Difference
Size Kink
Vore
Cock Vore

fandom: 
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Dean Winchester/Sam Winchester
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Meg Masters/Dean Winchester
Jo Harvelle/Dean Winchester
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Sirius Black/Harry Potter

