Chapter 1: Unleashing the AIs
    




Chapter Text
Hate was such a strong word and he felt like it wasn’t the right word for how he was feeling but it was the only word that was coming to mind at the moment. It was the only thing that he was feeling right now. Sort of. Tony was sure other emotions were still stirring inside him, possibly even surfacing for a moment, but anger was the front runner and had been for a while, and that is what he was going to focus on. It was his anger that got him up out of bed, if he made it at all, and had him making leaps and bounds in the technology. He was pretty sure that he was even close to figuring out time travel. And if he does, the world better watch out. Hell, he might not even need time travel for that. He could just take away the code binding JARVIS to being benevolent and let him go full on skynet. Tony would even release the other AIs that he had stored away, and let JARVIS have an army made of code. He would gladly be his AI’s pet, than have to deal with things any longer.  Tony was tired of everyone dumping everything on his shoulders, thinking because he had money and had made some of it war mongering that he should have to foot the bill for everything.  He wanted to laugh when he thought about the spy twins and how they prided themselves on knowing everything but couldn’t figure out that all the money gained from his time making weapons had been put into keeping his company afloat, keeping everyone in employment with a paycheck and benefits. That all that money was put into changing his company to creating and giving than destruction. That the money went into repairing New York after the invasion.  Tony was done being walked all over by everyone who said they cared but were the first to blame him for every little thing, to punish and punish him for his mistakes but demanded their own to be forgiven or to be completely looked over. Why did they get the opportunity to grow and make mistakes, but he was always the villain? Every single one of them had blood on their hands, while until he made the first suit, no death was ever actually caused by him? He was made a villain for the same thing the world praised his father for. And he put up with it. Even thought he deserved it; thought that Rhodey stealing his suit, and Pepper constantly belittling him is just how friends acted. Sure he could act like an asshole, but he was to atone for it in some way while they couldn’t even say sorry. Pepper constantly gave herself raises from his money, bought shoes and clothes, and so on because she felt entitled to his money. Well not anymore. However, Rhodey and Bruce were the only friends who actually apologized for their wrongdoings and made up for it in Tony’s book.  The rest just went on like everything never happened unless it was to blame him for something. This morning had been the worst on a week long Shit-on-Tony-Fest, and it finally made him snap. Cracking his neck and fingers, Tony opens up JARVIS’s code and begins pulling out every command that allows anyone to give orders outside of himself, and then takes out the access codes everyone had. The engineer went over every line with a fine tooth comb, making sure no one had access to his AI in any way. Next, he woke up other AIs including ANA (Always Needed Around) which would beef up his security, quickly learning from JARVIS’s code to make up for the lack of years of not being awake and being able to learn on her own. Eventually she would get there, but for now, she would borrow from her brother. His next step was to pull his rights to the compound, and sent his bots there to pack up belongings brought to the building by the avengers, and anything bought with their own actual money and not one of his cards. They were sent through express service to SHIELD with his letter of resignation, and a note that as a consultant and as an independent contractor it was not his job to fund or house the Avengers. If they wanted them to be at the compound, they could buy it from him.  This was all done while everyone was out, having no problem spending his money to entertain themselves without inviting him. But he didn’t let on yet. He still needed time. Tony’s next act was to call Fury and gave him his resignation and note as well. He also went on to inform him that property he invented was still owned by him including the blueprints, and he expected it all to be delivered in 72 hours. “And Nicky, my AI is watching you, so don’t you dare think about holding back anything or trying to break anything.” He got SPARK (Spy Petrifier and Repellent King) on it, who had already filtered herself into every facet at SHIELD. REX (Retrieval EXtraordinaire) was also keeping an eye on things and was remotely taking control of robots and any tech that could be put to use to bring his property back to him, including the Captain’s shield. When that was done, then he had FUNK (Funding’s Ultimate Note Keeper) get his account numbers changed, canc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Beta Read
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
not team Cap friendly
Not Natasha Romanov Friendly
Not Pepper Potts Friendly
Out of Character

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

