Chapter 1: Arrival
    




Chapter Text
It was interesting to see – to experience – the difference between being handed a destiny and choosing one. Selecting your own punishment, even if it wasn’t any better than the last one, was both liberating and enraging in two distinct ways that weren’t completely incompatible with each other.The anger simmered like a boiling, sulfuric lake at the pit of his stomach, and he clutched at his midriff to attempt to soothe the burning ache that his decisions – his own decisions – have caused him… and it was freeing to know, that for the first time he had truly, honestly, intended and succeeded in being – selfless.It was a painful opportunity he’d been presented with if Lucifer had to be honest with himself.And though he generally had to be honest, he’d recently come to realize that he tended to be quite the opposite, independent of his wishes on the matter.Losing everything – again – hurt. Excruciatingly.It was a dull agony and a sinister, familiar loneliness creeping in like a cold spider on the back of his neck. It was rage – at his Father, at his demons, at his very being and at everything even remotely nasty enough to mention. It was disappointment – with himself first, and with his family second, though he was far from unfamiliar with it all. He’d ridden the carousel before and thrown up during the ride more than once to testify that the experience overall was a heinous undertaking.It was pain, fear and sadness – and what he’s now come to identify as self-hatred.The loss was already tearing a gaping hole into his heart and he could feel it bleed as well as he could feel the wind in his wings.Quite frankly, being uprooted even half as thoroughly as he’d been the first time around should’ve been the extent of the hurt that could be extended to him by now, but somehow –Somehow, this was worse.It was selfless, it was enraging, but worse in all the ways that succeeded to claw at his bloody, raw heart.His wings beat half-heartedly to maintain his altitude, but the tears that rolled unchecked down his cheeks had no issue obeying the law of gravity despite everything. Every moment brought him further from Chloe and closer to the destiny he’d fought against tirelessly for millennia – a destiny he spat, pissed, cursed and laughed at since he was cast out the first time around.A destiny he now… agreed with completely. He had to. He saw no other alternative. No other method of stopping what was a disaster in the making – the reality that was happening right at this moment, in fact. What happened with Charlie, Linda, Ella and Chloe… it was in his hands.And he knew, no matter how much it ultimately pained him to admit, that if he ever wanted to entertain any hope of a resemblance of redemption – he had to accept his faults, his actions and what needed to be done to protect the humans, the people, he loved and to ensure that their lives could be lived to the fullest.Without him.And it hurt. It hurt so much. Hurt more than the fall, the rejection of his Father – it hurt even more than his self-hatred.Leaving Chloe to save her home, Earth, was without a doubt the absolute pinnacle of all the good deeds he’d ever made in his entire existence – possibly the first, best and last good deed he’d ever commit.His love for her was absolute and irrefutable – and so he prepared himself for the travel. For the severance. He finally embraced his purpose and acknowledged that this was the end. The end of his fun. The end of staring happiness in the eyes.Her love would sustain him for eternity – of this he was certain.Lucifer cast one last lingering look at the top of his tower…and vanished from the Earth.-6-6-6-Lucifer did not, however, appear in Hell as he’d intended.Instead, he hit the ground hard – unexpectedly, and he probably would’ve sprained a wing if his crash hadn’t been briefly interrupted by his prickly arrival – collision – into a sharp cluster of cacti.“Bloody FUCK – “ he started with fiery vitriol but was interrupted when his back finally made conclusive contact with the ground and his head similarly became aquatinted with a large, loose piece of rock. Utterly shocked by the turn of events, he let out a startled cough and a groan to punctuate his discomfort.He heaved with residual panic, eyes wide and staring at nothing as he stopped moving entirely.  Dust was swirling around him like a mist, limiting his visibility and causing every hazardous inhalation to taste like the underside of a sandal. Moving his eyes around to survey his surroundings provided only darkness and grains of sand and an acute feeling of bafflement.The air was cool and dry. His wings were covered with the remnants of annihilated wasteland foliage and Lucifer recognized the taste of drought on this tongue.He smacked his lips in silent disbelief as he simply lied there for a couple of minutes, still completely unwilling to move a muscle.He was in a desert.Why, by everything holy and unholy, was he in a Father-be-da
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Implied Chloe Decker/Lucifer Morningerstar

freeform: 
Lucifer Redemption
Lucifer Morningstar (Lucifer TV) Devil Reveal
Depression
Drug Addiction
Angel Wings
BAMF Lucifer
Excessive Drinking
Flirting
Hurt Lucifer
Villains to Heroes
Self-Hatred
Dimension Travel
Social Media
Lucifer Morningstar (Lucifer TV) Needs A Hug
Not Beta Read
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
The Author Regrets Nothing
Crack Treated Seriously
Lucifer & Tony
Swearing
Terrorism

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Implied Chloe Decker/Lucifer Morningerstar

