Chapter 1: First Meeting
    


Notes:
Heyyy everyone who reads this! So, this story follows absolutely NO timeline, everyone is alive (because I say so) and I will try not to make this too much of a mess (but I can’t promise anything, sorry). It’s just something I wanted to write (I didn’t even plan on publishing it at first). Anyway, have fun reading this!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
He ran down the street. Away from the thugs that wanted the little money he had. He would even give them the money, they looked as if they would need it more than him, but they would want him to empty his pockets and then they would find the Spider-Man mask he had in his Hoodie pocket. And he was too scared to fight them. What if he hurt them? He couldn’t risk it. So running it was.He turned around a corner, out of the alleyway and into one of the busier streets. He could hear the frustrated breaths of his followers, but he wasn’t safe yet. He tried not to run into anyone, but it wasn‘t easy. His Spidey-sense went crazy with all the input from his pursuers and the people around him. Since he lived on the street his Spidey-sense seemed to think that every single human was a threat. At last he bumped into someone. The one he bumped into was JACKED, which led to him falling backwards. Out of reflex he looked onto the ground and mumbled out a small ‘sorry’. As soon as he wanted to stand up a hand was stretched out into his field of vision. That made him look upwards with a look of distrust on his face. He wanted to tell the person above him not to worry, but as he looked into the persons face he froze, his mouth agape.Watching him, slightly annoyed but concerned look, was James “Bucky” Buchanan Barnes aka the Winter Soldier!“Are you ok?”And he was talking to him! Wait, he was talking to him! He had to answer!“I... I’m k.o.... wait, no... I’m ok! That’s... yeah, I‘m ok.”He stood up and tried to hide his blush by looking at his feet. Old sneakers, accompanied by old, torn clothes. Not the best first impression. He looked up to find a small smile on the hero’s face. That only made him blush more. “Soooo, sorry I ran into you. That wasn’t intentional by the way. Like, I bet there are a lot of people who would love to run into a hero like you, but this was only me being clumsy. Not that I wouldn’t run into you intentional if I had seen you before. But no this time I haven’t seen you and I would have run into anyone at some point. I should probably be more careful when walking on a busy street like this. Aaaaaaand I’m rambling again, right? I’m so sorry, I’m just really nervous to see one of my hero’s standing before me and I’m so embarrassed to have walked into you, sorry again. I should just stop talking...”His blush now covered not only his ears and face, but his hands as well. He still covered his face with them to hide his blush at least a little.The Winter Soldier started smiling even more than before. The kid in front of him was weirdly cute and it was relaxing to have someone not trying to suck up to him or hating on him. But he should try to relax the kid as well, before he started having a panic attack or something.“It’s ok, you don’t have to be sorry for saying your opinion. By the way, you probably know my name, but I don’t know yours. Want to tell me?”Peter looked up with wide eyes. He didn’t think the WINTER SOLDIER was interested in knowing his name. Well, he probably only asked to be polite or something. He couldn’t REALLY be interested in knowing Peter’s name.“I’m so sorry! I haven’t realized I haven’t told you my name yet. I thought you wouldn’t be interested in it, as I’m just another one of your fans. I’m Peter! Peter Parker.”Only then Peter noticed something he didn’t before. Or rather someone. Sam Wilson aka The Falcon was standing behind the Winter Soldier with an amused grin on his face. His mouth fell open.“OMG, you’re here as well! I absolutely haven’t seen you there. Sorry, sorry... I’m sorry. I should go now. I shouldn’t even have bothered you that long! I’m sure you have better things to do than listening to a rambling teenager embarrassing himself. I’m sorry, I’ll go now...”The moment he wanted to go around the two heros he felt a hand being put on his shoulder holding him back. Out of reflex he tensed, but relaxed as fast, because his Spidey-sense was not ringing with these two. But the Falcon, who has put his hand on Peter’s shoulder, noticed it anyway and withdrew his hand immediately.“Actually, we would love to hear you ramble a bit more. Only if you’re interested. We were forced to go on a walk and we are bored as fu.. uhm as heck. So, you wanna join us for dinner or something? Our treat. You look like you need it. No offense.”Peter looked down at his skeleton like figure and shrugged. Then he smiled and looked at the Falcon with a mischievous look.“You are serious about wanting to hear me rambling or are you just amused by me embarrassing my
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki & Peter Parker
some others that I will decide sometime later

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Homeless
Peter is Homeless
homeless
Homeless Peter Parker
tony stark is a little shit
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
different first meeting
First Meetings
Worthy Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Worthy
Peter is Worthy
Worthy
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
but only when no one is there to see
Peter Parker is Adorable
Adorable Peter Parker
Avengers Family
eventually
Fluff
Angst
Peter Parker is a Puppy
Platonic Cuddling
does anyone even read these tags?
peter parker sings
Peter Parker can sing
Singer Peter Parker
Fix-It of Sorts
Everyone Loves Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki & Peter Parker
some others that I will decide sometime later

