Work Text:

When Steve and Bucky first see Darcy, she’s in the corridor outside of Tony’s workshop, head nodding slowly under the massive headphones over her ears, voice low as she sings the words playing to her soul.

“Honey I’m on fire, I feel it everywhere. Nothing scares me anymore…”



They don’t know who stops first, only that they’re on top of each other, watching with wide eyes and frozen breaths as the curvy brunette dances minutely through the workshop door and into the abyss of roaring rock music, the glass closing behind her and silencing it all.
“…Damn,” Bucky chokes. Steve can only nod.
They bear each other’s words – Is me savin’ your scrawny ass going to be a thing, punk? running across Steve’s shoulders, continued with Maybe I’ll save your ass next time, ya jerk. scrawled along Bucky’s. The words aren’t romantic, but they’re perfectly them (had been perfectly foreshadowing, actually, but they don’t talk about that outside of Bad Nights and bitterness), and there isn’t anything more to them. No extra set of words, no tender spots where they should go or would have been – there’s no indication that the girl with the music is for them.
They want her anyway.
And they are quick to instigate themselves into her life.
Her name is Darcy. She’s smart-mouthed and funny and has a wicked sense of humor that doesn’t wilt under their comebacks. She doesn’t flinch away from Bucky when he snaps from a headache, too much Winter Soldier leaking through, and neither does she make jokes about Captain America when swears slip from Steve’s mouth. Her full lips quirk at the sight of them, she steals food from their plates instead of getting her own, and she takes extreme joy in organizing (and hacking) the iPods she harasses Tony into getting for them (thinking absolutely nothing of it when they both request the song they had first heard her singing). She’s a breath of fresh air to them, not a soldier, not a teammate, not really a civilian they need to protect. She’s just … Darcy.
She carries words from someone else on her skin.
(“I don’t want a soulmate,” she reveals to them one night, curled up on the couch in Stark’s entertainment room and more than a little drunk. She chuckles at their looks. “Not mine,” she clarifies. “Do you know what they’re going to say to me? I do. It’s written right there, right on my skin. Babe, your knockers are huge. Yeah,” she nods. “Exactly. Do you know what that does to your self-esteem as a kid, that your “one-and-only” objectifies your breasts? My parents hated it, thought I was going to grow up to be a whore or something.” She winces then, and takes another chug of beer. “You guys are great, though. I’d be okay if they were like you, if we could have what you guys have.” She pauses and nibbles the inside of her cheek. “Yeah. I’d want them then.”)
It doesn’t keep Bucky from watching her, though – doesn’t keep Steve from drawing her. The sketches are on the back pages of his paper, of her infectious smile and tangled hair, the shine of her eyes behind her glasses, the sassy way she pops her hip when she’s cracking a joke, the tick of a frown when she’s annoyed. They don’t stare at them, exactly, because that would be a little creepier than they can justify, but on the Bad Nights the drawings somehow come out, and maybe they play that song, but those are Bad Nights and they’re just … them.
(“If her soulmate don’t treat her like a damned queen, I’m gonna fuckin knock their block off,” Bucky growls into Steve’s chest one night, skin slick and hot. “Off. And then I’ll use it to beat in the rest of their body until there’s nothin left of it to bother her ever again.” And it says a lot that all Steve does is snort at the declaration).
In the end, it turns out that the man behind Darcy’s heartless soulmark is not (and has never been) in a position to treat her like a queen, and Bucky almost does decapitate him, only Darcy gets there first.
It goes like this.
A man called Justin Hammer (Tony gives a few choice words to fill in as a middle name that quickly get more degrading) attacks the Tower with what looks to be giant Iron Man-inspired gray robot that walks too stiffly and moves more than a little slow. It’s huge, though, its punches heavy and hard, and it tears into the glass of the building like scissors to paper. Thor, Clint, and Hulk are handling the monstrosity from the outside while Tony, swearing fiercely about the “genius” behind Hammertech in dripping venom, digs for a way to hack into the system, Bucky as his guard. Natasha and Steve are directing the evacuations with quick efficiency and everything inside stutters to a halt when a worse-for-wear figure rolls from the robot’s invading fingers and onto the floor right and right in front of (what the hell is she doing here?) a startled Darcy.
“Okay, not the entrance I wanted, still pretty…pretty good,” the figure grumbles, rolling to a slow stand and brushing dust from his (seriously?) suit as he gathers his bearings. His eyes w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Justin Hammer/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Justin Hammer is the world's worst and most undeserving soulmate ever
Bucky and Steve are not dumb
One day I won't anon but that is not this day
One Shot
I mean it
This is only one shot
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Darcy Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Justin Hammer/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

