Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He's throwing back shots of Russian vodka like water as he watches Steve attempt to pick up Carter. It's a long time happening, he muses. Steve and Carter have been dancing around each other in a disgusting game of cat and mouse for months now. It only took someone else asking Carter out to trigger Steve into getting his head out of his ass. Bucky called him pathetic for waiting so long. He's about ninety-nine percent sure that Steve was postponing his inevitable relationship with Sharon for Bucky, saying that he needed to make sure that Bucky was ready enough to be re-integrated into society. It's not that he's ungrateful for his reinstated position in Steve's life, but it was frustrating and irritating that he thought Bucky had a loose screw. He needed a friend, not a security guard.
Still, the fact that he's alone on a Friday night watching his oldest friend chase a dame is not lost on him. A poisonous itch fills his chest as he watches Steve. Saint Steven, rescuer of damsels and the representative of all things good. How all the maidens fell before him and how the brethren wanted to be him. His lips twists into a cheap replica of a smile, it's as bitter as the alcohol that burns his mouth. Once again, he got nothing while Steve got everything. He doesn't even know why Steve still wanted him around, or even wanted him to come out. Ever since the serum, Steve needed him less and less, he could protect himself now. Steve is fine without him. He pours another shot. The liquid chafs his throat. Not needed. Not wanted. Gone. Gone. The thought seizes his throat and he thinks of how repulsive he's being. Steve is his friend. Steve saved his life. He wouldn't be here if it wasn't for Steve. And he owed Steve that much, at least.
A flirtatious laugh pierces sharply into his own musing. A young woman and man were standing close, the lack of space between them left no interpretation. Turning back, he thinks of when he used to be good at this, chasing girls and such. Flirting was easy, but it was the chase that he enjoyed the most. His only memory of what he can remember with something like that was Connie, a lover in his first life. He couldn't remember her last name, but he could remember the easiness he felt. Only pigments of memory, like he was looking through a funnel, only specific scenes. Velvet mornings, lavender haze. No pressure, just fun. He was fond of her, this much he can remember. It was easy. And it was free. Just a man and a woman. But he wasn't James Buchanan Barnes of the 1940's any more. He wasn't even sure he was Bucky any more. He didn't know who he was. And he wasn't ready to reveal himself anytime soon.
Frankly, he was exhausted. Debating his own life only lead to more disappointment and he did not want to suffocate in his own anxiety and have Steve coddle him like a fucking child. He's ready to abandon Steve to go home and sleep off the alcohol. He knows Steve wouldn't mind if he left, he pulls out his cell phone and shoots him a text but then deletes it. Steve's not his keeper, he doesn't need to report his every move like he's a child. He closes his eyes and tamps down the pressure growing inside of him. The music is pounding around him, a slick upbeat song playing, bodies grinding with each other. The bar was crowded but it only served to make him more isolated. He pours his last shot and downs it. The alcohol burns achingly down his esophagus. He looks around one more time. Steve looks like a lost puppy around Carter. He steps off the stool.
Ready to leave, he steps off the wooden stool, his feet stepping onto the sticky floor. He's heading around a throng of people when a woman steps up close to him. She's looking for something, perhaps a person. But there was also something wrong with her. Panicked and slightly pissed off is the look she wears, but that does he not distract him from noticing that she's beautiful. Rich dark hair, blue eyes and the type of body that he appreciated. She sees him and then steps close. He tenses, ready to utter the reformed words of 'excuse me'. For a moment, it feels like time freezes and then something resolute passes her face. He has a split second before she grasps the open collar of his shirt and tugs him to her.
"I'm sorry about this," is all she says. But he's distracted by the way her lips pout and the slight haziness of her blue eyes. She abandons the drink she's for his collar and jerks up. The drink spills down the front of his shirt and he feels the liquid soak through the layers of his shirt. For a split second, his synapses fire, anticipating an attack. And then her lips are on his. Surprise clears his mind as she moves her lips against his. It isn't a hard kiss, just a soft pressure. He freezes at the cold wetness he feels from her spilled drink and at the softness of lips, but then he reacts.
He backs up accordingly, his back hitting the bar. His arms wrapping around her tightly. The soft pressure of her lips inten
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
ha ha ha woops

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

