Work Text:
“Bucky!  How's your relationship with Captain America?”“Sergeant Barnes, what's your favorite thing about the modern world?”“Hey, Winter Soldier, are you ever going to answer for your crimes?”Bucky ignores the paparazzi swarming around him, even the ones trying to push up against him.  Bucky is totally good at not killing people for touching him these days.  He's focused.  He's on a mission of vital importance.  The fate of the world could hang in the balance.He's getting coffee.The thing is this: he and Steve haven't exactly left the Tower in about three days, since Steve's impromptu coming out on live television.  They've been...making up for lost time.  They'd been low on coffee when they went under, and they'd made do with the stuff Tony keeps in the communal kitchen, but it's fancy, expensive shit neither of them like.  And Steve Rogers without his coffee is not a fun man.The caffeine doesn't even do anything for him.  It's just all psychological.Bucky is still a little miffed that morning sex doesn't make up for the lack of coffee, but he doesn't really want to keep drinking Tony's stuff, either.  So here he is, being the hero, braving the world to bring home some coffee.  It's kind of like the old days.  Except for the reporters following him around.  And the fact that he can buy any coffee he wants and not even glance at price.  And the metal arm he keeps covered.  And, okay, everything.He gets back to the Tower without so much as growling at anyone, which he feels he should be compensated for.  That's not exactly an easy task on the best of days, and this morning he's had neither sex nor coffee because Steve had woken up at an even more ungodly hour than usual to go running.  Bucky should get a damn medal, really—a medal he'd actually have earned, unlike all those ceremonial ones the Army had given him after he didn't die.“Steve!” He cries triumphantly once he gets the door open.  “I got coffee and all these reporters swarmed me and I didn't say anything rude and I didn't punch anyone.  Get out here and reward me.  Any reward you want, but I'd prefer a blo—”He chokes, and he files the irony away for a moment when he is not screaming about blow jobs with Pepper Potts sitting in his kitchen.  She has her lips pressed together and Bucky senses she's trying hard not to laugh at him.  He knows these modern women don't go putting on airs about being pure as the driven snow as much as the dames in his day did, but he still feels mortified about broadcasting their sex life.“Hi, Ms. Potts,” he gulps.“Hello, Sergeant Barnes.” She tips her head to the side and gives him a playful smile.  She only calls him Sergeant Barnes instead of James or Bucky when he calls her Ms. Potts instead of Pepper.“I didn't know you'd be here,” he says unnecessarily.“I'm sorry.  I thought Steve would tell you.” She's definitely laughing at him.  Bucky can feel how red his face is.“Oh, didn't you get my text, Buck?” Steve comes out to the kitchen then and his eyes are a touch too wide to be truly innocent.  Steve knows for a fact Bucky left his phone on the bedside table.  Bucky shoots him a look that says there will be hell to pay later and smiles winningly at Pepper.“Well, least I had clothes on, huh?  I been caught in the altogether more than once.”“Mostly by me,” Steve adds.“Not that you minded,” Bucky leers and finally gets Steve to blush.  Payback.“Well, anyway.” Pepper is grinning openly now and Bucky feels more at ease.  “I'm not sure if you remember that press conference Steve held a few days ago?”Bucky laughs out loud.  Apparently being a sassy little shit is a prerequisite to working in or closely with the Avengers.  Steve takes the coffee grounds Bucky's still clutching in surprise and gets a pot brewing.“As you can imagine, it's been receiving mixed reactions.  Some people think it's great and some people think it's terrible.”“I don't mean any disrespect, but I genuinely do not care if people think it's terrible.” Steve makes a little face and Bucky has to bite his tongue to keep from sticking it down Steve's throat.  Okay, they've gotten a little carried away.  They need to relearn how to be around other people.Pepper laughs a little.  “Yeah, I sort of figured.  But we do need to consider damage control.”“Damage control?” Bucky raises an eyebrow as he pulls out eggs.  “Cinnamon,” he commands Steve, who's leaning on the counter beneath the spice cabinet and blocking it with his head.“French toast?” Steve asks hopefully, handing over the spice in question.“Of course.  Promised, didn't I?” Bucky winks at Steve because he had made that promise in the middle of round four last night.  For the first time ever, Bucky's thanking God he got that super soldier serum.“Not so much damage control as...a way to get the fence-sitters on our side.  There are some people who are going to denounce Captain America forever now, no matter what we do, but there are some people who are unsure.”“Does it really matter?” Steve's prac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Supersoldiers learning about modern love
Humor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

