Chapter 1: Memory
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
No matter how hard Peter Parker tried to forget, he could still remember that day. 
He could remember begging his parents for weeks to take him to the Stark Expo, because “Look, Mom! He’s so cool and he can fly around and makes cool inventions and he MADE A NEW ELEMENT can we PLEASE go see him?”
He could remember going there, riding on his father’s shoulders so he wouldn’t miss anything. He remembers his mother’s smile as he rambled about how incredibly COOL all the inventions are, how one day he wants to be a scientist just like Mr. Stark. 
Peter remembers the overwhelming joy that rushed through his body as he peered through the eye-holes of his Iron Man mask and watched Mr. Stark appear onstage and introduce these INSANELY AWESOME drones to the public.
He remembers how quickly that joy turned to horror as the drones started attacking the crowd. 
The feeling of panic when he realized his parents were nowhere to be seen. 
The feeling of utter pain when he found his parents lying on the ground, stiff and lifeless. The feeling of loneliness. The feeling of hopelessness. 
Peter can close his eyes and clearly see himself, at six years old, accepting death as he holds his outstretched palm out to blast the bad guy that appeared in front of him. 
He could be brave. Like Iron Man. 
Peter remembers the feeling of shock as cold, metal hands lifted him out of the way before the drone was blasted to pieces. 
“Nice work, kid.” 
Iron Man had saved him. Tony Stark had saved his life. 
And now, sitting on the floor in the cold HYDRA cell that he was supposed to call his home, Peter is starting to wish that didn’t happen. 
Because what’s the point of staying alive if your life is hell anyway? 
--------------
Peter spent a lot of time thinking. There really wasn’t a lot other to do when he wasn’t needed for training or testing. 
He didn’t like testing. He really didn’t like testing. They’d been doing tests regularly since Peter had arrived at HYDRA, a little over a year ago. 
When he first got there, they had injected him with a strange liquid. They called it the ‘serum.’ When Peter thinks about it, it's almost as if he can still feel his body burning, like it did when he was given the serum. He really didn’t like that. 
They threw him back in his cell, his body still feeling like it was on fire, and left him for days. 
The third day was when Peter realized that he was sitting on the ceiling. That had been really weird. 
When the scary people came back to check on him, they found that he was alive. They seemed happy, Peter thought. Smiling means happy. 
Peter can remember the harsh sounds of their voices, how the tones that were supposed to be soft and soothing hurt his ears. Why was everything so loud? 
“Come here, little spider. We’re not going to hurt you.” 
The light that filtered in from the open door was blinding to his sensitive eyes. Peter had tentatively climbed down the rough, cold metal wall of the room. He was so hungry. 
Peter was about to ask for food when one of the men inside the room picked him up. 
They brought him to the lab and did tests.
Peter hated tests. They always hurt so much. 
--------------
Today was a testing day. At this point, Peter had gotten pretty used to it.
Don’t struggle, let them take the tissue samples they want, and it doesn’t hurt any more than necessary. 
Those were the rules.
When he and the guard arrived at his cell, Peter immediately noticed something off.
There was a man in his cell. 
He was tall and had dark brown hair that covered part of his face. The look in his eyes was cold and calculating. It was analyzing every detail of information being given. He seemed almost inhuman, although Peter supposed he wasn’t entirely human either anymore. 
This man was terrifying.
He had a metal arm. 
“Spider, this is Soldier. He is going to train you.” 
Training? What did that mean? 
The guard left and the man continued to stare blankly. 
Peter went to sleep. 
--------------
The man had gone on a mission again. Every time the man leaves the cell, Peter hears screaming.
It can’t be the man screaming. Peter screams when the agents cut him open to take samples. 
The man isn’t weak like Peter. 
During training this man is harsh. He doesn’t accept anything less than perfection from Peter. 
Peter hears the man speak during training. His voice is low and gravelly. Almost soothing.
A lot of the time, an agent trains him, and there are always guards present when they let the Soldier train him. Peter doesn’t know why, it’s not like this man talks to him when they are alone anyway. 
Peter is pulled out of his thoughts by the sound of the heavy metal door swinging open. 
The Soldier walked through, followed by a guard. 
As soon as the guard left, the Soldier looked Peter in the eyes, an intense look plastered on his face. 
“Kid,” The Soldier muttered in a soft voice. Peter noticed the despera
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hydra Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Peter Parker Has Issues
Everyone Has Issues
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Hurt Peter Parker
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Mentioned Skip Westcott
Homeless Peter Parker
Background Relationships
Brainwashed Peter Parker
Bucky Barnes Recovering
BAMF Peter Parker
Suicidal Thoughts
Self-Worth Issues
things get better I promise

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

