Chapter 1: First Date
    




Chapter Text
It's always a mistake to trust your business partner. Charles has heard this before, but it always sounded like so much nonsense to him. Of course, he knows he's one of nature's more trusting souls, but he could never imagine how a successful partnership could function without trust.At least, not until he arrives slightly late to the speed dating event of the season thanks to his little sister's college football game and finds that Moira has not only taken over his half of the welcome spiel, but also signed him up to participate."There he is," she says cheerfully, handing Charles a mochaccino just the way he likes it with one hand and wrapping the other arm around his shoulder. "Charles Xavier, co-founder of Express Match, and the first name on tonight's list!" It certainly is first on the list, written big and bold next to the number one in permanent marker."You're fired," Charles tells her.Moira just laughs and pats him on the back. "And now that our straggler is in, if there are no more questions, I think we can start finding our places." She looks around expectantly, but apparently there are no questions, because chairs start shuffling around as everyone heads to their assigned table.With uneven numbers, normally at this point in the evening Moira would add her own name to the bottom because, unlike Charles, she emphatically is "looking" right now."You could just remove me if I wasn't on top," says Charles as she writes her name on one of the restickable coloured cards that they use for the second column."Go to your seat, Mr. Xavier," says Moira mock-severely, with a gleeful twinkle in her eye that says she's getting her own back for last Friday's celebratory fourth and fifth raspberry margaritas. "It won't kill you to go on a date or twenty."Just then Raven leans over so far that she's almost falling off of her barstool and snatches the card out of Moira's hand. "I've got this one, Moira," she says, and she's somehow fixed her hair since Charles picked her up after the game; how did she do that? She didn't bring a hair dryer into the front seat of the car. Charles definitely would have noticed. "You can supervise," she adds, and yes, she's definitely got her eye on someone behind Charles. "Can't have both of you taken up.""Thank you, Raven," says Moira, communicating something conspiratorial with her eyebrows, and Raven grabs Charles by the elbow and drags him out into the sea of elegant little bistro tables and Charles gives up and drains the rest of his wine.It should be fine. After all, Moira's never found a partner, in spite of participating five or six times since they got started. Of course, Moira's also not trying to finish her dissertation and teach two undergraduate courses and a seminar, and has no problem finding time to go on second dates every now and then. Charles, in contrast, has a hard time finding time to masturbate some days, let alone schedule multiple dates with the same person. Date #1: Alex SummersThe first guy who sits down at the table is way too young for Charles and not really his type, although in other circumstances (after a few pints) he'd be game enough for a snog, even in spite of the jock uniform - jeans, trainers, and spiky hair. Jocks tend to be great at giving head, he's found, which isn't that surprising when you think about all those locker rooms.Charles pays nominal attention to the stage where they search out mutual interests. It seems like a wasted five minutes at first: Charles has no knowledge of NASCAR racing, geology, or astronomy, doesn't play basketball or football, and doesn't know anything about motorbikes; and Alex doesn't know anything about genetics or evolutionary biology, doesn't care for chess, and enjoys running but doesn't have anything to say about it. Charles only tries Game of Thrones in the spirit of "watched anything good on TV lately", but he hits the jackpot because it turns out that Alex's baby brother is "into all that sci-fi stuff". His name is Scott and he's twelve years old but crazy smart for his age. Alex has been helping him make a Luke Skywalker costume for Comic Con and they've been checking out library books on laser beams because Scott is determined to make his own lightsaber."If he doesn't break up with Star Wars by the time he turns eighteen, he'll be majoring in particle physics and it won't stop until he's designed an electron torpedo," says Alex. "And he'll probably have the government thinking it was their idea."Scott sounds like Charles's kind of kid, he thinks, and by the time Alex leaves the table he's definitely talked him into enrolling Scott in the summer science camp run by the College of Engineering. Moira should be pleased about that; Charles even gave out his email address, although admittedly it was just because he promised to pass along the life-sized cardboard Yoda cut-out that the Rainbow Alliance liberated from Blockbuster after the release of Revenge of the Sith. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Speed-dating
Alternate Universe - Human
X-Men First Class Kink Meme
Fluff
Alternate Universe - College/University
Sexual Tension

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

