Chapter 1: Extra Extra Read All About It
    




Chapter Text
There was a clatter as the shield fell to the ground. Tone was left staring at the shield that was supposed to protect and defend, the shield his father built, the shield that nearly killed him. He listened as their footsteps retreated, listened as they left him there.According to protocol Mach 72 should be dispatched to his location, and would be arriving within a few hours. Which left a few hours for Tony to think.“Steve Rogers.” He calls out to the empty hydra base. “You’re a lying bastard.”He was angry, but he felt he had a right to be. He’d lost a lot over just a few days. He’d nearly lost his life, and still might. It was cold, so cold.He lost a friend, or someone he thought was a friend. In an instant he’d lost Steve, a friend, a hero, a teammate. And, where Steve went his posse followed so Natasha, Clint, and Sam were gone as well.Watching that video had felt like losing his parents all over again. The grief he thought he’d recovered from tearing through him like a hurricane as he watched his mother die. He mourned them for the second time as his teeth chattered and his lips turned blue.There were more abstract things that he lost, a willingness to trust in the good of others the most obvious. If Captain America was a lying vicious two-faced prick, were people good? Were there real heroes? He should have lost his trust with Obie, but no, he held out hope, and now he was here.He couldn’t feel his hands anymore.He couldn’t feel his feet.He couldn’t feel the pain anymore.Mach 72 came, grabbed him from the cold ground and rushed him to Helen Cho. It wasn’t until later that he found out what else he lost.The cold took three fingers from his left hand, and four toes.Roger’s shield and the subsequent surgery on his chest removed the remains of his sternum, and once again his chest was filled with metal.Somewhere, amidst all of that loss he lost something else. Something integral to who he was as a person. When he came back from Siberia he came back cold.The cold took up residence in his heart, and shone through his eyes. It was biting and sharp, wrapping itself around his words.That was not to say that he didn’t care anymore, although apathy loomed over him like a threat. When he woke up to find Rhodey sitting beside his bed, looking tired and scared. Peter pacing at the foot of the bed, all anxious energy. He felt it then, an echo of warmth, followed by a tidal wave of need. He needed to protect them, from Rogers, from the world.“Peter,” Tony rasped out his throat ached. Peter and Rhodey both snapped their eyes to him. “You did good kid.” Tony said, and watched Peter relax as sleep pulled him back under.The next time he woke up the room was dark, and Pepper was asleep next to him.“Friday?” He whispered, not wanting to wake her.“Yes boss?” Friday replied, and he could hear the happiness in his voice.“I need you to recover and save all footage from Siberia.” He says, knowing that she won’t let him make rash decisions from his hospital room. “Then I want you to recover some older footage, specifically when Thor choked me right after Ultron was created. While you’re at it, add in any footage of the team dismissing my concerns about another alien attack, and any instance of Wanda using her powers on me or the others.”“Of course, what would you like me to do with the compiled footage?” Friday asks, and Tony smiles darkly.“We’re going to show the world their heroes.” Tony says, and he slips back into sleep.By the time he get’s out of the hospital his plans have solidified. He holds a press release with the bandages still on, his face and body visibly bruised as he stands proudly. It’s easy enough to let just a bit of pain show through.“I know you all have a lot of questions.” He says, holding up a hand to silence the mass of press in front of him. “I’m still recovering, and thank you all for coming today. I’m gonna try and give you all the information I have.”“How did you get hurt?” Someone shouted, and Tony ignored them.“Now after the events you’re all aware of involving an airport and some heroes turned fugitives I learned that James Barnes was most likely framed, and that Steve Rogers and James Barnes were going to confront a group of potentially 5 super soldiers, and the man with the code words to turn James Barnes into the winter soldier.”There’re some murmurs of confusion running through the audience. Tony didn’t understand their logic either, so he wasn’t about to defend them.“Upon realizing this I followed them to Siberia because despite our differences I didn’t want to see them dead.” Tony smiles sadly at the crowd.“So, the Hydra Soldiers did this to you?” A CNN reporter asks. Tony shoots a glare her way.“When I arrived the Hydra Soldiers had been killed by the man responsible for luring Rogers, Barnes, and myself to this location. The rest of the story is better told through video. Friday, cue the lights.” The lights dim, and the screen turn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Frostbite
Serious Injuries
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Angry Tony Stark
News Media
Civil War Team Iron Man
Unreliable Narrator
villain wanda maximoff
Politics

fandom: 
None
