Work Text:
Captain America Caught With His Pants Down.Tony pushes his shades up onto his head. Why he’s wearing them inside is anyone’s guess. “Seriously, am I reading this right?” He looks around the room. Natasha is hanging over Clint’s shoulder, jabbing at his laptop and muttering, “Scroll down, scroll down. Stop! Go back. Is that?”“Yes,” says Clint. “Definitely. That’s definitely Barnes.” Tony peers over Clint’s other shoulder and lets out a low whistle. “I hate to say it but I gotta say it. T’challa’s done great work in making that arm look like a normal arm.”“Honestly?” says Clint. “I’m more concerned with what that arm’s doing.”“Oh. Right.”P“So,” says Natasha. “Barnes and Rogers. Rogers and Barnes.”“Whatever way you slice it, it still sounds more like a comedy duo than, like, a great romance.” .He feels, rather than hears, Bucky’s laughter beneath his palms. Bucky turns his head to the side and squints up at Steve through one eye. “You gonna just sit on my ass all day or are you gonna rub that lotion in?”“Seems kinda unfair that we can still get sunburn,” says Steve. “Even if it doesn’t last long.”“Still hurts like hell, though,” says Bucky. “So get to it.”Steve leans down and presses a kiss to the back of Bucky’s neck before squeezing more lotion onto his hand and rubbing it into the expanse of warm, if not unblemished, skin of Bucky’s back. . “What are we going to do?”“Do, Tony?” asks Pepper. “Do we have to do anything? Acknowledging the photographs at all will legitimise them.”“Can’t we just say that it’s clearly a pair of over-eager cosplayers?”“Tony. It’s not our place to intervene, especially when Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes are away.”.“You’re a funny guy,” says Bucky, glaring at Steve. The glare would pack a greater punch if Bucky’s hand wasn’t resting on top of Steve’s on the bar, his thumb grazing over Steve’s wrist, back and forth as though glorying in that steady, stately pulse.“Well, I told you if you were late, I was gonna order you the pinkest, gaudiest, umbrella-iest cocktail they had.” Bucky’s scowl deepens until he sips his drink. “Huh. It’s not bad. Ah-ah.” He curls over his cocktail protectively. “You’re not getting any.”“Oh yes I am,” says Steve, and he leans in to touch his lips to Bucky’s.
.“Hill. Hill. Hill. Hill.”“Mr Stark, I will quit on the spot, I swear to god.”“How do you solve a problem like Maria? I’ve always wondered.”“I hate you, Mr Stark.”“Join the club. We meet on Wednesdays. My place. Bring a friend.” Tony perches on the edge of Maria’s desk and she levels him with a look of pure loathing.“To what do I owe the pleasure, Mr Stark?”“Where are Manny and Sid?”To Maria’s credit, she doesn’t even blink. “On vacation.”.The bed is huge, which is just as well because they’re both big men, but it’s also round, which makes it hard for both of them to stretch out comfortably. There’s a nightly scuffle over who gets to be the big spoon and the one time Steve suggested they go top to toe ended, predictably, in a fierce mutual blow-job competition and Bucky declaring that sixty-nine was his new favourite position for everything..“They’re on vacation?” Clint stares at Tony. “That’s what I said.”“They’re not on a super-secret mission?”“That’s what I said too.”“So they’re on vacation, somewhere undisclosed, and they’ve been outed. Very publicly. In every media outlet.” Clint looks thoughtful. “We gotta call in the big guns.”.“Do you think anyone recognises us?” asks Steve, peering over the top of his book. Everyone else lounging by the pool appears just as lethargic as Bucky, who has a straw boater lying on top of his face to keep off the worst of the noon heat. “Do we care if they do?” “Good point,” says Steve, reaching for Bucky’s hand and kissing his fingertips and knowing that he’s smiling..Sam Wilson doesn’t close the door in their faces but it’s a close-run thing. “Gentlemen,” he says. “Are you lost?”“We’re looking for two escapees from the care home. We think they may have tunnelled out?”Sam closes the door in their faces. They probably deserve it..Steve never thought he’d enjoy a vacation this much. Having Bucky with him certainly helps. Bucky’s reclining in a giant rubber ring near the pool bar, with a suspiciously pink-looking cocktail in his hand. His boater is on his head and his skin is glistening with pool water and sweat and Steve heart swells with an emotion he’s only too glad to identify and admit to. “Your boyfriend’s awfully cute,” says the waitress who’s bringing over a bar receipt for Steve to sign to their room. “He is,” says Steve, with some satisfaction. “I think I’ll keep him.” “You two together a while?”Steve nods. “Feels like a hundred years, sometimes, and two months, other times.”The waitress laughs. “Yeah, I know that feeling. Enjoy the rest of your stay with us, sir.”.“Agent Carter, don’t slam the door in our face,” says Clint, desperately. Tony’s agreed not to speak this time.“Give me a compelling reason not to.”“Well, it’s just that it looks lik
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Coming Out
weapons-grade fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

