Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
 
The first thing Peter hears is the sound of crickets. It’s not what he is expecting but it’s peaceful and he let’s himself drift back into the darkness.
 
The second time he hears voices.
 
It takes him a while before the voices fade from indigestible chatter to fully formed words that Peter can understand.
 
“Why is he still sleeping daddy?”
 
The voice is unfamiliar but not threatening. It’s sweet with a definitive child-like lilt to it. It’s not one Peter recognises but the darkness has swaddled him comfortably and he feels he has no need to break free.
 
“Peter is healing, baby girl.”
 
This voice is familiar and Peter sinks deeper into the darkness knowing that he is safe.
 
*
 
The third time Peter wakes it is nothing like the darkness before. This time is all too aware of everything. The noise is the room is too loud and he’s aware of every breath in the room. He counts three separate heart beats, all beating too rapidly. His eyelids are too heavy to lift, and he doesn’t try to pry them open. His mouth is a concoction of something foul, stale and slick. He can feel the fabric of the clothes he is in, and he wondered where his suit is, but the thought is quickly lost as the pain flares.
 
His whole left side feels as if it is on fire. His muscles twist and he wanted to scream out in pain but can only manage to part his lips and suck in a harsh breath that makes his throat burn.
 
“Peter, can you hear me?”
 
While there is pain in his left side, there is a twinge in his right wrist. He flinches, fingers curling tighter around something and he hears a grunt.
 
“Peter, if you can hear me please let go.”
 
Reflexively his tightens his grip and the voice grunts again.
 
“Kid, it’s Tony.”
 
Tony. He was here, alive. Peter wanted to talk, wanted to spew his relief and gratitude and apologise for everything but he couldn’t, and his grip tightened.
 
“Kid, if you can hear me, you have to let go. You are crushing the wizard’s wrist,” Tony said, his voice urgent.
 
Wizard. Doctor Strange was here too? Peter sniffed the air. He could smell the familiar scent of coffee and motor oil that he knew was Tony. He could also smell the faint scent of tea and something that just smelt ancient. He had smelt it before when he was stuck on a ship in space with Doctor Strange.
 
“Don’t,” Strange’s voice was strained. “Don’t try and pry him off me. He could snap my wrist.”
 
Peter didn’t want that. He didn’t want to hurt the Doctor and he felt sharp pain through his fingers as he slowly released the doctor.
 
He felt his arm drop and thump against what he now knew was the bed. He felt beyond exhausted and when he tried to open his eyes he simply couldn’t. He couldn’t even move his arm’s anymore, not even a twitch in his finger. The pain was still burning through his left side. It was as if someone had shoved a red-hot poker under his fingers and was threading it up his arm and to his neck.
 
“What the hell was that?” Tony’s voice cracked as he spoke.
 
“Looks like his reflexes have returned,” Strange said with an audible wince. “His strength, it seems, has not been affected by his time unconscious. His healing is remarkable.”
 
“Jesus, kid,” Tony breathed.
 
“Daddy, is Peter going to wake up now?” It was the child voice again, soft and innocent. The third heartbeat in the room.
 
“Morgan! How long have you been here?” Tony said.
 
Peter heard the shift of fabric on fabric and the small sound of a kiss being pecked to someone’s cheek.
 
“I was looking out for him, like you said too,” Morgan said quietly.
 
“Perhaps best not to be alone with Peter anymore,” Strange said. “His senses appear to be in overdrive and are protecting him from any potential danger.”
 
Was he in danger? Was it Thanos? Had they lost again?
 
“Why is he moving now? After all this time?” Tony asked.
 
“I can’t be certain,” Strange said. “But his body may be allowing him to wake as the healing process begins to slow.”
 
Peter wanted to listen too more, he wanted to know what happened to him, what was happening now, but the darkness claimed him once more.
 
 
The fourth time Peter woke up the pain wasn’t as bad. He could still feel it pulsing through his left arm, but it was if someone had been running a current through his arm for too long, it felt hot, painful and numbing all at the same time.
 
It wasn’t the pain that had woken him up though. There was something rest against his right side and there was the scent of something sweet and artificial.
 
“Don’t tell daddy,” Morgan’s voice was now recognisable, but he wasn’t sure who she was. “I snuck you a grape popsicle.”
 
Something cold was pressed into his hand and his cheek muscle twitched.
 
“I can’t sleep, so I thought I would keep you company,” Morgan said. “I brought you another teddy, too.”
 
Curious and his right hand starting to go numb with the popsicle, Peter pried his eyes open. He blinked slowly; the room coated in a haze that slowly came into focus. The room was d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mention of Avengers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Fix-It
Post-Endgame
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Has a Family
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Hurt
Family Fluff
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Complete
Irondad
spiderson
Sleepwalking
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Mentioned May Parker (Spider-Man)
May Parker (Spider-Man) Dies
Injured Peter Parker
Grief/Mourning

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

