Chapter 1: A Slip of the Tongue
    




Chapter Text
See, the thing is, Clint's always been a freak. He learned it early on, when he realized that his family wasn’t like the ones on TV or even the ones next door, and the lesson was reinforced with every major development in his life; from a “troubled home life” to foster care, from the system to the circus, from the circus to the Army, from the Army to SHIELD. He’d always known that he was different from normal people, and he’d mostly decided he liked it that way. Sometimes being a freak meant free school lunch and bruises and holes in your shoes, but sometimes it meant shooting a target dead center from the back of a galloping horse. Sometimes it was sleeping in the horse trailer because that was the only way to get warm, but sometimes it was carrying off a mission without a hitch and going home knowing that you’d saved five thousand lives with a single arrow.The fact that he'd somehow made it into SHIELD, that he'd been given a chance to do something good for the world for once, was more than he’d ever thought life would give him. That now he had even more—real friends, a partner who was like the other half of him, trust and respect and the chance to make something of his life—he owed to Phil Coulson. Agent Coulson had been the first person in his life who had ever looked at him and saw more than just a burden or a problem or a tool. As time had gone by and Agent Coulson had gone from Clint’s SO to his handler to his friend, it was probably inevitable that Clint would eventually fall in love with him. He'd always had a tendency to get attached.What still surprised Clint every day of his life was that Coulson—Phil— loved him back. It's not that Clint was insensitive to his own charms; he did pay attention to his surroundings and he’d won "best ass in SHIELD" six of the last ten years. It's just that anything Clint had to offer, he knew that Phil could get elsewhere, from someone who didn’t come with the kind of baggage Clint was dragging along. But for whatever reason, Phil seemed to think that Clint was his best option (maybe he had an archery fetish, who knows) and Clint wasn't about to point out to him how he could be doing better. The way Clint saw it, he was already getting more than he deserved, and there was no reason not to do everything he could to hold onto Phil for as long as possible.He'd always known you have to hold on to what you've got, Bon Jovi lyrics notwithstanding, because there's no guarantee you’d get any more if you let someone take it away from you.How this all tied into sex, basically, is that while Clint had always liked it a little freaky in bed, he'd been reluctant to bring that into his relationship with Phil, because he had a relationship with Phil, and that was enough. It wasn't that he thought Phil would be disgusted or anything like that; he was more worried that Phil would, like, break up with him for his own good because he couldn't meet all his needs or whatever. Clint couldn't guarantee that in that case he wouldn't completely humiliate himself begging, and not in the fun way. He didn’t really need it, anyway; it wasn’t like he couldn’t come unless he was hanging by his toes while someone hit him with a bullwhip and sang Yankee Doodle Dandy. He just… liked it, sometimes, being able to let go. But if you put the possibility of that up against the reality of Phil, well, Phil would win every damn time.It wasn't like Clint's more… esoteric needs were completely neglected, either. Phil was a passionate guy, for all he liked to put on his unassuming everyman act, and when they'd been apart for a while he tended to manhandle Clint a little, which was awesome. Clint made a point of telling him so every time it happened. Positive reinforcement; Clint learned about that in his SHIELD leadership class when he got promoted to Level Five.The trouble with this, though, is that when they really got going it could be close enough to the way Clint wished it was that he forgot it wasn't real.  <-----<<<  >>>-----> It was his first night home in three weeks and he was on a week of downtime; Phil had invited him to spend it at his place. Phil had gotten Indian takeout and Clint had stuffed himself with naan and chicken tikka and those little cheese balls soaked in honey and rosewater, and he'd barely pushed back from the table before Phil had pounced, crowding him up against the wall and kissing traces of honey from his lips. Clint had gone pliant, moving where Phil put him, moaning into his hard kisses and rolling his body against Phil's just enough to feel the weight and strength of him holding Clint in place. It was so good, a safe wall at his back and someone he trusted at his front. It was a good place to be, a safe place to let go. Phil set his teeth on the edge of Clint's jaw and Clint moaned, “Please, sir, please.”He froze the minute the words were out of his mouth, but it was too late; he could feel Phil tense a little, his body g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
BDSM
Kink Negotiation
Insecurity
Aftercare
reassurance
Dom Phil Coulson
Sub Clint Barton
Minor internalized kink shaming
Self-Acceptance
Oral Sex
Sleepy Cuddles
Fluff and Smut
Clint Feels
Clint gets what he wants AND what he needs
Use Your Words
Praise Kink
Face-Fucking
Bisexual Male Character
Fantasy Fulfillment
Sexual Roleplay
Naked Male Clothed Male
Anal Fingering
Comeplay
Held Down
Orders
Obedience
Come Marking
Hand Jobs
Inspection
Endearments
Bondage
Leather
Birthday Presents
Birthday Sex
Collars
Handcuffs
Butt Plugs
Cock Rings
Public Display of Affection
Cuddling & Snuggling
Post-Coital Cuddling
Non-Sexual Submission
Hand Feeding
Caretaking
Dog Cops
Stress Relief
Overstimulation
Blindfolds
True Love
Edging
Pheels
Orgasm Delay

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

