Chapter 1: First chapter bitches. Buckle up.
    




Chapter Text

MJ swung around in her chair, staring at the ceiling. She’d been in her new room for a total of three hours and forty-seven minutes, according to Friday, and she thought she was losing her mind. “Friday, what happened to my phone?” She asked. 

“Clint Barton has your phone in a secure location which has not been disclosed to me as of this moment,” Friday informed. She swore the AI sounded disdainful.

“I think I’m losing my mi-ind.” She sang. 

“Michell, would you like to view the footage from around the tower until you are allowed to leave?” Friday asked. She perked up at that. 

“You can do that?” She asked, rolling off her chair. 

“I can do anything I am not specifically coded not to do,” Friday replied. 

She smiled.

“Wait, is that ethical?” She asked. “Never mind, I don’t care. Pull it up.” 

“Right away, Michelle,” Friday said. A small TV slid down from the ceiling. “Where in the tower would you like video access to?” 

“Wherever Peter is,” She said, grabbing her sketchbook. Peter was the most fun to draw. He had a good depressed face for drawing. 

“Patching you into the lab’s security footage,” Friday said. She sat up, excited to see what came up. The image blinked on, showing her Tony and Bruce in what seemed to be an argument.   

“Where’s Peter?” She asked. 

“My facial recognition is not fully accurate in low light, but may I suggest scanning the ceilings,” Friday said. MJ nodded and looked at the top of the footage. Sure enough, the spider boy was hanging from his feet on the ceiling, swaying nauseatingly, seemingly asleep.

“Hm, nothing good. There's something doodle worthy going on?” she asked. The TV blinked away, before showing her an unfamiliar living room. “Where is that?” 

“You are looking at the main room of Steven Rogers and Bucky Barns living room,” Friday explained. 

“Where are they?” She asked. 

“I believe they will be entering the room in Four… three… two…” 

Across the screen, she saw Steve and Bucky streaking across the room, accompanied by Bucky screaming over Steve’s ‘Captain America ™’ voice. 

“Turn it down.” She said, glancing at the door. Clint and Natasha were differently in favor of spying, but they might not be in favor of 

her

 spying.

“You can not post pictures like-” Steve said, his voice coming across monotone. 

“

I WILL POST WHATEVER I WANT! YOU LOOKED FUCKING ADORABLE!”

 Bucky yelled back. That line caught her attention. 

“Fri, what are they arguing about?” She asked. 

“It would appear that Bucky Barns posted an image to his social media outlet, which Steve would like taken down,” Friday informed. 

MJ pulled her laptop out, typing in Bucky's Instagram handle. There were several fake accounts she had to scroll through until she found his, which wasn’t hard, seeing as he was the only Bucky Barns account with an oversaturated photo of Steve's face.   

“Holy shit, is this the photo they’re talking about?” She asked, staring at the picture on her phone. 

“That does believe to be in keeping with the dialog from the conversation,” Friday informed. It was a photo of Steve, very angry, holding a baby duck, while stuck in the stairs.

“Damn, I figured out what I’m drawing.” She said, grabbing her sketchbook. 

“Glad to help.” 

--- 

“Hey MJ, here’s your phone, just don’t make us read Ned’s fanfic again- what are you doing?” Natasha asked, throwing the phone on MJs desk.

“No promises.” She said, hiding her computer screen. 

“Michell has been editing a video with my help, of Steven Rogers and Bucky Barns,” Friday informed. 

“Rude,” MJ said. Natasha perked up at Friday's information, sitting on her bed. 

“What exactly are you editing?” Natasha asked. 

“You wanna see?” She said, handing over her computer. Natasha watched what there was of the Imovie video, grinning widely before clam shelling the laptop. 

“That is very well edited MJ,” She said, still grinning. 

“Please don’t make me stop, that’s pretty much all I’ve been doing in here, but it’s harder to get good footage because Friday isn’t showing me anything rated above ‘G’.” MJ said. 

“Friday, override Clint Barton's codding,” Natasha said. 

“Of course, which date of code would you like to override?” Friday asked. 

“Yesterdays,” Nat said. 

“Coding erased,” Friday said. 

“Whow,” MJ said. “How did you do that?” 

“I and Friday have an understanding,” Natasha said. 

“Are you really okay with this? I kinda assumed you would be against me meddling in other people’s lives.” MJ said. Natasha just laughed. 

“I have been trying to get Steve Rogers a date for years, this video is the best thing that has ever happened in this tower.” She said. 

“You… don’t mind?” MJ asked. 

“I am so happy you are doing this, show me the finished video,” Natasha said, standing up.

“Cool. Can I post it?” She asked. “Once it’s done and all?” 

“Sure, but I better not be able to tell the account is yours,” Natasha said, leaving without another word. MJ gri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Phil Coulson & Nick Fury
Bruce Banner/Thor

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Can Wield Mjolnir
Angst
Crack
Crack Treated Seriously
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Natasha Romanov
Deaf Clint Barton
Protective Clint Barton
Family Feels
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
BAMF Michelle Jones
Michelle Jones is a Little Shit
Crack and Angst
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Nightmares
Soft Wade Wilson
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Wade Wilson Breaking the Fourth Wall
Protective Wade Wilson
Long
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Fanboy Phil Coulson
Wade Wilson is a Good Bro
Pansexual Wade Wilson
Everyone Is Gay
The Author Regrets Nothing
The Author Regrets Everything

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Phil Coulson & Nick Fury
Bruce Banner/Thor

