Work Text:
Tony gets that they think this is an ego thing. They think Tony’s getting pissy because Steve was the last one in and now he’s running the place. That’s not true. Tony doesn’t want to be leader – he’s not made for dragging people after him into the breach. He’s perfectly willing to let Steve do that part, and he’s not plotting to throw the guy into another ice floe. Steve just bugs him.Tony looks Steve up and down. “And honestly,” he asks, “what’s with the suit?”Steve frowns at him. “Your father designed it.”Clint laughs, from where he is lurking over in the corner of the room. The man likes corners. And heights. Tony guesses it’s an archer thing. Clint says, “Was that like a forties ‘yo mama’ joke?”Thor’s forehead crinkles. Tony doesn’t know if it’s not getting the joke – Asgardian humour doesn’t tend to subtlety, not that Clint does either – or that he thinks this is about to turn nasty. Thor says, “I believe it was Tony’s father that Steve was referring to.” Well that answers that question.“Colloquialism,” Natasha says, appearing out of nowhere. She does that. She turns to Steve. “Tony’s father made you the costume?”Steve shrugs, a movement which seems to involve the displacement of a lot of shoulder muscle. “We worked together.” He waits a long moment and then sets his shield down on the table. “He made this.” Steve’s fingers run along the smooth metal edge like he’s not quite sure about letting the shield out of his sight.Tony wants to touch it. He doesn’t. But he wants to. *Steve in his costume is more breakable than Tony in his suit. Out of them both, Steve could probably flatten him. He wouldn’t, because he’s the All-American Good-Guy and it would ruin his image, but he never looks like it even crosses his mind. They stand beside each other getting dressed in the locker-room, with Tony needling him the whole time, and Steve just ignores him.Thor gives a deep, rumbling sigh and puts his hand on the hammer at his belt. Tony takes the hint: Thor could squash both of them. And he might do it, because in comparison with ‘my brother, the Trickster God’, mortal squabbling always looks a little beneath him. But then he laughs his ridiculous boom of laugh or something and Tony remembers why everyone likes Thor. (Maybe not Loki, but that’s a little more complicated.) Plus Thor likes everyone in return. Even Banner, who Tony hasn’t got figured out yet. Only they’re still a team, is the thing. Somewhere along the line Tony has got co-opted into this weird little band where one minute he’s staring pretty idly at Steve’s bare ankle and the next he’s-“Tony.”“Sure.”-following Steve out the door without thinking about it.*Steve’s shield is lighter to hold than it looks when it’s in action. It’s lighter than the half-finished prototype Tony salvaged from his father’s things, as though the best had been saved just for Steve. It sings in the air when Tony tosses it lightly back across the street from where it had fallen.Steve catches it and his smile is white and genuine and untouched by anything but simple gratefulness. Tony hates him just a little bit. *“What was he like?” Tony asks. He’s never been able to leave a wound alone.“Who?” Steve asks.“My father. When you knew him. What was he like?”Steve looks at him. “A little taller than you. A few years younger.”“That’s great, that’s really gratifying for my ego.”“What do you-?”“What did you think of him?” Tony asks.“I…” Steve trails off. “He was the best civilian pilot I ever saw. Reckless, maybe, but the best. He was a brilliant engineer. A genius. And a war hero. He saved my life a few times.”Tony says, “Not the time that mattered.”Fury descends down the stairs. His timing ought to be studied. He says, “Howard Stark and his team spent weeks scouring the ocean floor looking for Captain Rogers. That’s how we found the device.”Steve straightens up. “Sir.” Tony wishes he would stop that. The more people call Fury ‘Sir’, the more he acts like one.“Gentlemen. I believe one of you is supposed to be giving me a report.”“Of course, sir.” Steve bounds off his chair and trails Fury into his office. Tony can hear him asking, “Weeks?”It happens less and less nowadays but Tony has always hated being outshone by a ghost. *Steve is a dead weight in Tony’s arms. Tony jets away from the fight and dumps him on the ground. He can hear Thor yelling a battle cry and it’s tempting to just let him deal with the problem but that guy threw Steve away like he was nothing. Tony’s maybe a little pissed off about that.Tony lowers his mask to look at Steve. Steve blinks back into awareness, staring at him. Tony glares. “Don’t go anywhere.”“What?”“Stay there.”“There’s smoke coming out of your suit.”Tony examines the elbow piece. “It’s a little charred. It’s nothing.”“Tony.”“I’ll bill you for it.”Steve laughs and it sounds like an old movie. He says, “Can I get an IOU?” Tony can see his chest rise and fall with his breath, and the flush which has risen on his cheeks from exertion. Steve is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Movie(s)
First Time

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

