Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 ~*~Sebastian~*~ 
"Where are the fucking chocolate chips?" Oh, shit! Did I say that out loud? I cut my eyes to each side and thankfully didn't see anyone. I'd been searching this aisle for-fucking- ever. The sign says "Baking Needs". Chocolate chips go in cookies. Cookies are baked. Therefore, chocolate chips should be in the aisle marked "Baking Needs”. Should be, but I can't fucking find them.I about jumped out of my skin when I felt a hand on my elbow.A soft female voice quickly said, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you."This grocery trip is getting better and better. I guess there was someone in the aisle with me. I'm in long baggy athletic shorts, a black t-shirt, and a zippered hoodie with the hood up covering an old baseball cap. I was suddenly very aware that I look like a homeless guy who wandered into a Wegman's on the rich side of town.I closed my eyes and mentally kicked myself in the ass before I turned around to meet the voice. Please, let it be a nice old lady.And... nope. She's a little younger and shorter than me. Her long light brown hair has blonde highlights and hung in messy waves over a Pearl Jam tour shirt. I stopped there and focused on her bright green eyes. She's pretty. Says the slightly scary homeless guy.I'm supposed to respond. Say something, Sebastian. "No, you didn't. Well, you did, but just because I thought no one was here to see me talking to myself.""Oh, good." Her soft pink lips curved up at the sides. She has a very pretty smile. One that lights up her face. "Can I help you find something? You seem a little lost."Yep, she thinks I'm a lost homeless guy. Well, that's the best case scenario. Her voice is soft, quiet, and soothing. Not afraid. More like she doesn't want me to be. Hmm."No, I'm fine. Thank you.""Ok." She smiled and nodded sympathetically before turning around.I knew my answer was wrong as I was speaking. I should fix it. "Actually, if you wouldn't mind.” She turned back toward me with raised eyebrows. I proceeded to verbal vomit all over her. "This isn't my grocery store. I'm up from the city helping my parents unpack from a move. Mom wants to make some fudge and sent me here." I pointed up to the sign. "I thought chocolate chips would be in baking needs."She smiled and her head bounced as she talked, "They are." She pointed down the aisle. "The other half of the baking aisle."I felt my cheeks getting hot and knew they were turning red. I fought the urge to smack myself on the forehead. Instead I grimace and shook my head a little, "I didn't know they were halved. This is embarrassing.""Not at all. It's not your store." She put her hand barely on my arm again, directing me. "This way."As soon as we started walking she took her hand away. I wished she wouldn't have. I walked with her down the grocery aisle. A couple of things were going through my mind. She's even prettier than I first thought. Her eyes are striking. They have a circle of dark around the green. Her face is chiseled, but soft. I know, those two don't go together, but they do. She’s maybe got on mascara. Blush? Hell, I don’t know. Too often anymore women are caked in things that leave stains on my shirt. She doesn’t. She’s pretty. I keep going back to her being pretty. Very pretty.Past the superficial, she seems kind. She offered to help a complete stranger. A rather sketchy looking one. And anytime I've said something self depreciating she refuted it with her tone of voice even more than her words. It's not often I run into a genuinely kind person. Sure, I know they exist, but me being me I struggle to believe it when I see it. I'm not so jaded to believe people put on act because of who I am. It's just that because of who I am it's harder to just meet someone and have them be real. They're more anxious than me and I'm making an effort to calm them, relax them, and be kind. So they're not being very genuine and it's hard to know if someone is kind if they're seriously trying not to shit themselves.I walked with the kind and very pretty women to find chocolate chips. I should say something. Maybe salvage my self esteem. "I'm guessing this is your grocery.""I'm here every week." She looked back at me, "Your parents just moved here?""Yes. They bought a house out by the river."Excitement lifted her voice, "The old Blanchard place?"I shrugged, "No idea.""Deck over looking the pool. Pool house. Gorgeous view of the river and mountains."How does she know the house my parents bought? Before I could ask, she answered. "Small town, big house, old family." She stopped and pointed at the shelf. "Chocolate chips."Half a wall of chocolate chips. Shit. I laughed, "That's a lot of chips." I scanned and grabbed the dark chocolate ones. "Thank you."She nodded and smiled, "What else is on your list?"I smiled back, "Marshmallow cream and evaporated milk."She took a few steps and pointed again, "Voila.""Wow, that was easy. I should have found you sooner. I was pacing that other half 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sebastian Stan/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Original Character(s)
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Romance

fandom: 
Sebastian Stan/Original Female Character(s)

