Chapter 1: Goddess of death
    




Chapter Text
Thor finished signing another batch of orders and leaned back in his chair. Paperwork, he had discovered, was exhausting – not to mention boring. Still, he knew it was necessary, and an important part of being king. Not the glamorous part he had always dreamed of, but the real one – this was what actually kept the realm working.He had been at it for quite some time, and finally it was done. He stood and stretched, mind going over all the other things he still had to do. There seemed to be a never-ending list of mind-numbing tasks waiting for him every day. And tomorrow was petition day, which meant more paperwork to prepare for all the matters he was required to rule over.“My King,” a servant said, entering the study. “You are being summoned to the throne room.”“Why? What has happened?” Thor asked with a frown.“I do not know. I was only asked to inform you.”“Very well.”As he walked, Thor couldn’t help the feeling of dread that began in his gut. It had been nearly a year since he had taken the crown, though it felt like an eternity. There had been so much to do that he had hardly had time to breathe. He had had to familiarize himself with every single thing in Asgard, every treaty they had, every contract with everyone both in Asgard and out, every important person who reported to him and their jobs, and a lot of little things he had never thought about. It would have been a lot more overwhelming if Loki hadn’t prepared him at least a little (both while pretending to be Odin and later). Even so, Thor had found himself utterly lost at times. Life had certainly been easier when he was just Prince, and his responsibilities had been much fewer.There was no use complaining, though. He was King, so he had to do his best. Be careful what you wish for was a very apt human saying, Thor had found.Fortunately, despite the enormity of the task, there hadn’t been a lot of problems, and he had made no major mistakes so far. Of course there had been a few issues, some things he hadn’t handled in the best way, but those had been minor – and easily excused given that he was still learning, and that, for the most part, people liked him.He was, however, well aware that he wouldn’t have been nearly as successful without Loki’s advice. His brother had come to Asgard a few times to see him and help him through some hurdles. It was not the same as having him at his side as an official advisor, but it was better than nothing. Thor had given Loki a ‘posthumous’ royal pardon, yet he was aware that such a decree was not enough to get people to accept Loki.He put all those thoughts aside as he entered the throne room. There were three women standing there looking nervous. Thor only recognized Lady Eir, the palace’s chief healer.“My King,” she said, bowing respectfully. The others did the same.“Lady Eir,” Thor returned the bow and approached. “Is there something the matter?”She hesitated before speaking, which made Thor even more nervous.“I have been monitoring King Odin and… I am concerned with the way his energy is fluctuating.”Thor frowned. “What do you mean? Is he ill?”“I… am not certain. He should be… more stable.”“Is there anything you can do?” Thor did not really understand the Odinsleep, but he knew that it did not usually last this long – though of course Eir didn’t know that Odin had been unconscious since the Dark Elves had been defeated, and he could not tell her. As far as she knew, it had not been long at all.“We are doing our best, my King, but I felt you should be… aware.”“Of course. Keep me apprised of any changes.”She bowed again but did not depart. The other women with her shifted uncomfortably.“Is there something else?” he asked.“Yes. We have detected… an anomaly.”“Anomaly? What sort of anomaly?”“It is… a magical anomaly,” she replied cautiously, as if she was afraid of his reaction.Thor sighed and went to sit on the throne, wishing fervently for Loki. He had never troubled himself to learn anything about magic. In fact, he had disparaged it (and by extension, Loki) many times, as if it was beneath him. Over the last several months, he had discovered that magic was an integral part of Asgard and the way everything functioned. It was not just the Bifrost, but all defensive systems and most of the infrastructure also relied on magic in some way. As King, he was connected to the magic of the whole realm, and it was a lot. The only reason he had not buckled completely under the pressure of it was because Loki had taught him many techniques to handle it. He was under no illusion that he actually knew what to do with it, though.“Please explain,” he told Eir.“In the simplest terms, we have detected an energy that should not be there. One that we cannot pinpoint the origin of.”“Is it related to Father?”She gave a helpless shrug. “I am not certain. It is odd that we have detected it now, when he seems to be growing weaker.”“I thought you said his energy was fluctuating.” What d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Canon Divergence - Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
AU
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
background frostiron
but Tony only has a tiny cameo

fandom: 
Loki & Thor

