Chapter 1



Notes:
Note: The fic itself is Chapters 1-15. Chapters 16-18 are fanart.




Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes had managed to have a reasonably normal day.
 He had woken like clockwork at 6 am, rolling out of bed into his morning workout routine—sixty minutes that he pushed himself through before checking the burner phone by his bedside table. There was nothing, but that was good news. T’Challa or Steve would only call if it was an emergency. Still, it had been four days, and he already found himself missing their voices.

 But it had been necessary. Stark had been coming to visit—something about bringing an intern to work with Shuri for a week. T’Challa had assured Bucky that Stark wouldn’t find him, but Bucky didn’t want to compromise the king’s position more than he already had.

 So he had moved out here, to a small industrial city that’s biggest accomplishment was being 'Home of the Largest Teapot Collection in the Southwest.'

 The city’s only saving grace was that it was known to have a pretty decent farmer’s market. Bucky was returning to one of the small apartments Wakanda kept as safehouses in the States, when he was greeted by a tied-up teenager in the middle of his living room, staring at him with wide, panicked, deep brown eyes.

 Bucky immediately went on defense mode, dropping his groceries and scanning the apartment for enemies. Only after he was sure it was clear did he make his way back to the living room, being sure to approach from where the teenager could see him. The kid's hands were bound behind him, with a thick metal wrapped around his ankles and mouth. 

 Bucky held up his hand, showing he wasn’t holding a weapon. “Okay, kid,” he said slowly. “l don’t know what’s going on, but if you try anything when I get close to you, if this is a trap…”

 Confusion filled the huge brown eyes, and the teenager struggled to move back as Bucky started to make his way towards him. “Hey, calm down,” Bucky said, keeping his voice low. “Whoever did this to you, it wasn’t me. I’m just as lost as you are. So why don’t I get that thing off your mouth and we can talk?”

 There was a pause, and then the teenager nodded.
“Good. I’m going to come over now." Keeping one eye on the doors and windows, Bucky made his way over to the boy, kneeling at his side. Now he was closer, he could see that the kid’s hands weren’t just bound—they were encased in a thick silver metal that started at his wrists and covered his fingers.
 Bucky decided to start with the metal fixed around the captive’s mouth—at least he could get some answers. On closer inspection, he could see that the gag was at least an inch thick, with no discernible lock or clasp.
 “Alright. This might hurt a bit." Bucky gripped the gag the best he could and pulled. Nothing happened.
 What the hell? Even without the metal arm, he should be strong enough to break it. He tried the metal on the kid’s arms and legs as well. Nothing. 

 Shuri. Shuri would know. “I can’t break the restraints,” Bucky told the teenager. He saw the panic flare in the large eyes, and quickly added, “But I know someone who can. I need to go to the bedroom to call her, then I’m going to come straight back. Nod if you understand.”

 The teenager nodded. Bucky squeezed his shoulder in what he hoped was a reassuring way before he hurried to the bedroom, grabbing the burner phone. He had gotten as far as pulling up Shuri’s number before a gunshot was followed by the sound of breaking glass.

 The kid. Bucky dashed back to the living room to see the teenager attempting to worm his way along the carpet, away from the smoking hole an inch from his head.

 A second shot rang out and Bucky was moving, dragging the bound teen into the kitchen, giving them shelter behind the kitchen counter as more shots rang out. He saw where the teenager’s t-shirt had ridden up in the process, leaving a nasty carpet burn up his side.

 “Sorry.” Bucky tugged the shirt back down. “Better than a bullet wound.”

 He still had an arm around the teenager’s chest, hugging him to his side as he reached into the cupboard under the sink and grabbed a gun and spare rounds, tucking ammunition into his pockets as he prepared the weapon. The teenager started to squirm in his grasp, but Bucky tightened his grip, stopping him from slipping into the gunmen’s view again.

 “I’m not going to hurt you,” Bucky insisted. “Same side, remember?”

 The words made the teenager still. Bucky exhaled, calculating what to do. One thing was obvious—they couldn’t stay where they were. Bucky looked down at the kid’s securely bound feet. “We have to move,” he told him.

 The teenager looked up at him in horror. “I know,” Bucky said quickly. “I’m going to carry you.”

 He saw the teenager looking at Bucky’s missing arm. “I’ll be fine,” Bucky continued. “I’m strong.” Carrying the kid meant that he wouldn’t be able to use the gun, but there was not a lot he could do about that. He tucked the gun into the waistband of his jeans, then gathered 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Challa
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Peter Parker
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Bucky Barnes & Peter Parker Friendship
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
Bucky Barnes & T'Challa Friendship
Tony Stark & T'Challa Friendship
Peter Parker Whump
Civil War Fix-It
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Genius Shuri (Marvel)
Bucky Barnes & Shuri Friendship
Irondad
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Challa
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

