Chapter 1: And who are you?
    




Chapter Text
“Put on the suit, let’s go a few rounds” Steve sneered into Tony’s face.At this point the tension in the room was causing Bruce’s mind to fog. Breathing became a chore and fuzz seemed to fill his ears. He briefly thought he’d heard Thor make a snide comment towards Stark and the Captain, however he couldn’t be sure as maintaining his emotional control had become his entire focus.He’d just opened his mouth to confirm this fact to the others occupying the lab when a resounding CRACK filled air. In an instant he felt both his mind slip and his body freeze. Bruce’s legs and arms locked together causing him to fall to the ground. His mind, which had already been stressed, had snapped and the Hulk was currently fighting against the mental and physical paralysis. Then as soon as the transformation began it stopped. A soothing sensation seeped into his bones and sleep took over.The others in the room had all readied their weapons the instant the noise interruption had sounded, only to have said weapons fly out of their hands. They’d turned around to confront the intruder to find that a man had somehow entered the lab undetected.The man in question had wild midnight black hair that swept down to just past his shoulders. Half pulled back in braids, keeping his face clear. The only visible blemish on the man was a scar on the left side of his face. It shot in a lightning bolt pattern across his forehead and down across his eye. Fierce, calculating green eyes swept the room. He was dresses in armor that resembled something similar to Thor’s. Thick leathers in a slate grey with onyx colored plates strategically placed for protection. His midnight black cape shimmered with an almost blue hue and seemed to sweep the ground in an imaginary breeze. He was tall, similar if not equal to Thor and held strong, handsome features. There was an almost etherealness to him. Even more so than the two known Asgardian’s held.His belt held one noticeable weapon. A sword with a ruby encrusted handle, though no one in the lab presumed this to be the only weapon this person held.With the shock of the intrusion slowly fading through the space, it was Fury that broke the silence.“And who are you?” The director’s voice was firm. Years of training kept the man seemingly calm in even the most dire of situations. However, it was Thor that spoke the answer.“Brother?”The man in question regarded the Asgardian severely before answering. “Thor.” His voice matched his appearance. The deep, smooth baritone commanded attention even when speaking one syllable. “Mother sends her regards.”The minds of the others in the space were reeling. Did he say brother?“The Allfather requested my assistance in returning our wayward brother back to Asgard. His schemes as of late have gone too far and it seems you are unable to handle the simple tasks appointed to you.” Thor had actually looked bashful at the accusations.The man took a moment to look around the room.“I take it this is the team assigned to assist you with the task?” The unnamed Asgardian’s eyes rolled over each of the Avengers before settling on the form of Bruce still lying on the floor. “I apologize for the unexpected intrusion. However, as this is a matter of urgency, I felt practicality overruled decorum.”Both Natasha and Fury, being the closets, stepped protectively over to Bruce’s sleeping form.“Have no worry regarding your scientist. I placed a strong sleeping spell over your companion. This way we’re are able to discuss matters without worry of any… emotional disturbance.”“I’m sorry but who exactly are you?” The question came from Steve who was still standing next to Tony. The latter held a calculating look.“Apologies, I am Prince Haraldr Odinson God of Magic and Master over Death.” Haraldr gave them a brief moment to ingest the information before turning towards his brother again. “Tell me what you can of Loki’s current plans. I assume the Tesseract is currently in his possession?”“Not exacly, he obtained it while the Midgardian’s were testing its qualities.” Thor readily explained. “I believe they were looking for way to harness its power. They unknowingly sent a signal that attracted Loki to the Tesseracts whereabouts.” It was almost laughable how quick Thor was to metaphorically throw the rest of them under the bus. “Loki sent it off with those under his control. We know not of its current location.”The rest of the Avengers watched as Haraldr’s strong jaw noticeably clenched. “When will mortals learn that some objects weren’t meant for their use.” As he said this, he unconsciously spun a black stoned ring on his finger.It was at this point that Fury decided he’d been quiet long enough. “Now who exactly do you think you are coming in here and telling us what we should and shouldn’t mess with?”“I’m the one that’s going to fix the mess that you caused.” A new fire seemed to light in Haraldr’s eyes, “Have you any idea what exactly it is that you w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Powerful Harry Potter
Magically Powerful Harry Potter
Master of Death Harry Potter
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting

fandom: 
None
