Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was the sound of Steve's laughter that tugged on Bucky's consciousness, dragging him from his sleep.Steve's breath puffed regularly over Bucky's forehead, where the sleeping supersolider had curled himself protectively around his pregnant mate.If Steve was still asleep, that meant Jarvis was trying to wake Bucky gently with the prerecorded sound of Steve's laughter. To Bucky this meant that something needed his attention, but nothing too urgent or life threatening. Maybe Bucky was having another nightmare and Jarvis was waking him before it turned to violence.When Bucky first moved into the tower he had found Jarvis' programmed alarm to be triggering. Alarmingly triggering. As in actually placing his finger on the trigger of the revolver he kept under his pillow, aiming the gun at the closed door of his and Steve's bedroom and pulling the trigger repeatedly. So literally—triggering.The sound of gunshots inevitably led to triggering the other occupants of the tower. They arrived with all alacrity, crowding into Steve and Bucky's apartment, in various states of dress and undress, but all fully armed. After the third (or perhaps 33rd) time this happened it was kindly suggested that Jarvis and Bucky work out a better alarm for waking Bucky from sleep when he was having nightmares, or when his attention was required, but not urgently.Jarvis and Bucky tried an assortment of sounds from roosters crowing (reminding Bucky of the war zone in rural France) to kittens mewling (reminding Bucky of the dying breaths of the Winter Soldier's targets) to train whistles (that was a stupid choice, Bucky thought to himself as he barricaded himself and Steve in the closet behind the upended mattress and box spring and bed frame) until Jarvis finally hit upon the solution. Jarvis played the recording of Steve's laughter, a full out, gut-busting, belly laugh, and it didn't trigger Bucky even a tiny bit. It woke him up with a grin ghosting over his face, nary a panic attack in sight.Steve found it a bit odd, but he tended towards modesty, so that wasn't anything for Bucky to worry over unduly. The other occupants of the tower were grateful for full nights of sleep. Bucky woke up without his hand on his gun or his knives, and Steve could live with that.Steve's laughter filled the room again, drawing Bucky from his sleep to the bedroom. He scanned the room for intruders by habit. He didn't expect to see any, but in his experience it was always good to make certain. He glanced over at the clock, which read 4:47 AM, then turned his head to nuzzle into Steve's neck.“What's up Jarvis?” Bucky kept his voice low so he wouldn't wake Steve. The big guy deserved his sleep.“I hesitate to wake you Sir, however I thought you should be aware of current events.”Bucky ran the fingers of his metal arm through Steve's hair with a delicate touch. “Current events?” he asked.“Indeed Sir. It appears that Peter Parker is scaling the outside of the tower. His current speed and trajectory suggest he will arrive at your bedroom window in less than 48 seconds.”Bucky took a deep breath, remembering the events at the barbecue the night before. Peter had been heat-high and burning through suppressants like a freight train while he confronted Wade Wilson, his current alpha. He hadn't yet reached that point where his scent was pulling in stray alphas off the street, but it hadn't seemed far off.“Why do you think he's headed here and not one of the unattached alphas in the tower? If his heat has hit I'm pretty sure he'd rather find an unattached knot-head than me and Steve.”“Well Sir, he is murmuring to himself, and I quote here Sir, 'Mommy will know what to do. Find Mommy. Mommy smells so good.'“I believe he was commenting upon your 'mommy smell' at the barbecue earlier in the evening, thus I surmised that you are his most likely destination.”“Well fuck.” Bucky began to disengage himself from Steve. “Can you tell me anything about his physical condition?”“While my exterior sensors are not as comprehensive as those within the tower I believe it is safe to say that if he has not yet entered full heat, he is moments away from doing so. He speech is slurred, his temperature is elevated, and he appears to be whining at erratic intervals.”Bucky dragged his flesh and blood hand over his face and sighed. “All right Jarvis. Unlock the window, then activate the air filters so we don't have every unbonded alpha in the tower breathing down his neck.”“Already done, Sir.”Bucky shook Steve gently. “Come on Sleeping Beauty. Incoming in ten seconds.”Steve startled awake. “Incoming?”Steve reached for his shield on his side of the bed as he began to drag Bucky under his body for protection.Bucky gave Steve a quick kiss to the forehead. “Nah, nothing like that. Peter's on his way here. I'm guessing Wade fucked up big time.”“Peter?” Steve asked, dropping the shield, brows knit in sleepy confusion.“Peter.” Bucky confirmed as he pulled open the window. Arms
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Bucky Barnes
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Steve Rogers
Hot Omega on Omega Action
Consentual Voyeurism
Preggers Bucky
Mpreg
Attempt at Humor
Hairy Man Butts
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Fisting
Omega/Omega
O/O
a/o

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

