Chapter 1: The Boy Who Wasn't
    




Chapter Text

Chapter One: The Boy Who Wasn't. 
A young man with green eyes and dark hair stood in the middle of a cave. Why was he in the middle of a cave, you may ask? He had to be somewhere in this strange world. This would be the best place for him to be.The truth was that he was completing the trials to achieve an extremely important accomplishment. He would make history if he accomplished this. If he finished this final trial, then he would have access to a title that many would give their right arm for. This young man didn't have to give his right arm to achieve something that lofty. It might have been easier if he had though."You are at the final trial. There are three portals before you. Choose wisely for one is the way out and the other two will lead to failure. One of the two leads to an extremely lethal encounter which you may be unable to return form."The young man channeled the energy around him. It flowed into his hands. Portal magic tripped some extremely hardened sorcerers up. One miscalculation in the spell could be the difference between sending you across the world and sending you into some kind of hell dimension.Time did run shortly and the young man went through the portal that felt right.Seconds passed, and he found himself out an old looking living room. There were antiques all about the wall. Some of them were harmless. Others were quite sentient. Regardless they were all fascinating looking and when he passed through the portal, the young man realized one thing."I did it.""Yes, you did, but I didn't have any doubt that you were."A middle aged looking man dressed in a black and purple cloak walked from the shadows. He still looked formidable but he also showed his age. He was the one and only Sorcerer Supreme of Earth, Doctor Stephen Strange. At least he was until about thirty seconds ago when his young charge exited the portal and became the youngest Sorcerer Supreme ever.He felt rather pleased, he had been at this post for over four decades, and finally found a worthy successor. Some people in magical power didn't know when to hang up their artifacts. This man felt time catch up to him years back."I knew my son could do it."An attractive redhead woman stepped into the shadows. Her green eyes matched of the young man who stood before her. She wore a nice female business suit. The red button up blouse matched her hair, and the skirt flowed down to cover her stocking clad legs. A pair of glasses over her bright green eyes added to the effect, even though she didn't really need them. It was just a handy disguise when she was incognito.There was just something about a pair of glasses that really fooled people.She leaned forward and wrapped her arms tightly around her son in a hug. Leaning in, the attractive redhead kissed him on the cheek."Good, job Harry," she said, beaming completely at him with pride.The woman's name was Lily Evans, the smartest witch since Rowena Ravenclaw. An inventive master of charms and potions, she decided to excel in other areas. Her inventive ability and wicked imagination to think outside of the book made her a formidable enemy for anyone who crossed her. Those who were her allies counted themselves glad to be so. Those who were her enemies feared that she could do so."I had some anxious moments," Harry replied with a smile and he bagged away from his mother. "But, after all that I've been through, the trials of becoming the Sorcerer Supreme aren't that bad.""Yes, and you give this old man some relief," Strange said, a dry chuckle escaping his voice. "I'm about fifteen years past due for retirement.""At least you're aware of that," Lily said, with a smile."And I feel that I've got as much out of this body as I could, the power that I had to use was taxing," Strange answered and he shook his head. "And the enemies I had to face took several years off of my life as well."Strange figured that he had a couple of more years to live, given pressing health concerns that visited him. He would make the most out of the life that he had left."So, what are you going to do now?" Harry asked curiously."I've got a place where I can wait out the rest of my days," Strange said. "I would say that you can call on me, but you know everything that I do and even more, thanks to your mother here."Lily tried not to get a swollen head from that praise. The pride she had in her son's achievements was enough to give any mother a swollen head.Strange didn't say that it took Harry far less time to complete his trials than it did for Strange. That did give him a bit of a pride that he had something to teach. He was willing to let go of the power, before it was removed for him forcefully like a couple of his predecessors.Now there was a young man who could withstand the test of time given his unique biology and abilities.Lily and Harry walked from the chambers. This was a year of intense training for Harry to even get to the point of the trials."You 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jean Grey/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Kara Zor-El

freeform: 
Lemon
Harems

fandom: 
Jean Grey/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Kara Zor-El

