Chapter 1





Chapter Text
As much as Steve hated being ungrateful, he was happy to be back in the States. Wakanda had gotten old fairly quickly, especially when the king made it clear that if any of Steve’s team left their assigned quarters, they would back out on the streets. The few palace staff members who had been allowed contact with the Avengers were curt at best and unnecessarily terrified at worst. It was irritating, especially with how they treated Wanda. As if she were some monster. Their leader was a hero himself, even if he wasn’t enhanced, Steve figured the Wakandans would have more respect for heroes. Apparently he was wrong. Thankfully, they were now headed to the Compound, where the staff was always kind and timid. It was awkward for sure, but it was far better than the hostility. Steve could tell the others felt the same. Clint was stretched out on the Quinjet, a content smile on his face, even though his eyes were closed. On either side of him, Natasha, who had joined the others a few weeks after they had arrived, and Wanda were slightly more cautious, but both looked confident regardless. “Seat belts on, we’ll be landing in five minutes,” the pilot, some air force fellow, announced.“Not to be a downer,” Scott piped up from where he sat on the other side of Sam. “But we’re seriously going to be welcomed back right? I mean…” He shook his head. “I know it’s been a while, but we were at each others’ throats a year ago.”Steve would've had the same concern, if he hadn't known Tony as well as he did. Sure, this tantrum had lasted longer than normal, but Tony knew that he needed them. That they were family. He expressed as much to Scott and Natasha and Clint agreed. "He'll be rolling out the red carpet," Clint added. "He knows he fucked up."Scott still looked unconvinced, but he hadn't known Tony. After a bit of a bumpy landing, the back of the jet opened, revealing three approaching figures, the Compound a proud backdrop to their brisk walk. None of which were Tony, but Steve didn't let that discourage him. The engineer was likely inside, preparing the new Avengers for their arrival. Instead, the short man who had delivered their pardons, conditional on their signature on the Accords, Everett Ross led Rhodes and a confident woman who Steve didn't recognize. Sam stood upon seeing Rhodes, guilty despite Steve's reassurance that his injury wasn't Sam's fault. Accidents happen after all. The rest of Steve's team unbuckled and quickly stood to greet their welcome party. The trio boarded the jet before they could join them on the tarmac. "Welcome to the Compound," Ross began, no hint of pleasure in his gaze. However, his expression was far more kind than the others, who glared at the new arrivals. Steve tightened his jaw, ready to play the diplomat through these final formalities so he and his team could come home. "It's good to be back," Steve agreed. His team nodded wearily. “I’ll be giving you a brief overview of the changes of both the Compound and the Accords. Obviously, you all know most of this because you signed, but it’s part of the move in process at the Compound now,” Ross explained. “Then Lt. Col. Rhodes, who I’m sure you know, and Major Danvers have volunteered to give you a tour of the new spaces. ”“Shouldn’t that be Tony’s job?” Natasha asked pleasantly, a small smirk on her lips. She was clearly just as amused as Steve was with all of this decorum. “Dr. Stark is currently facilitating a team building exercise with the Young Avengers. And regardless, this wouldn’t be his responsibility.”Steve frowned. “Why not? It’s Tony’s building, you’d think he would want to be the one to show off all his new upgrades and all.” After all, Tony lived to please, preening under any stray compliment tossed his way. It was a bit annoying at times, but it was very Tony. The idea that he would want to spend his time with some random children rather than his family was a bit absurd. Ross’ brow furrowed. “Dr. Stark sold the Compound to the UN a year ago. It was pretty big news for a week or so.” Ross studied them intently and Steve clamped down on his urge to squirm. “He rents out space in the basement to work on any consults for the UN, but his name isn’t on the lease anymore.” Rhodes and Danvers interrupted their intimidation tactics a moment to share an amused look. Steve couldn’t help but be irked at their uncivil treatment. Ross continued on, however. “Regardless, we have a schedule to keep. If you’ll follow me.” He turned briskly and his partners followed suit. Danvers waited for everyone to exit the jet before heading up the end of their group. Steve rolled his eyes at the lack of trust. They’d signed the Accords. They’d played Tony’s game for a while in exchange for continuing to do the work they were meant to do. The world needed the Avengers. Needed the hope they inspired, and the protection they provided. As they marched up to the front doors of the Compound, Quinjet taking off once they got out o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Young Avengers (Team)
America Chavez/Kamala Khan

freeform: 
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Panic Attacks
Mental Health Issues
Trans Peter Parker
not team Cap friendly
Non-Consensual Mind Reading
Sokovia Accords
Aca Dec Team (Cameo)
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Canon-Typical Violence
Minor Injuries
Concussions
Nightmares
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Gender Dysphoria
Body Dysphoria
Shooting Guns

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Young Avengers (Team)
America Chavez/Kamala Khan

