Chapter 1





Chapter Text

2023

Five years after The Snap
 Harry was excited. Tired, but excited. Things were looking up. He, Nebula and War Machine had already returned with the Power Stone, and the other teams had returned one after the other, having accomplished their objectives. Only Natasha and Clint were yet to return, but he wasn’t worried. He’d seen Nat’s determination firsthand; he’d felt it firsthand, when she decided he would be an important asset for the fight and did not stop until she’d convinced him to help. He knew that failure was not an option for her. She would not rest until the job was done, especially a job this critical to stopping Thanos. She and Barton would return with the Soul Stone; he knew they would.Sure enough, he turned around at the sound of their return. Only…it was just Barton standing there. Odd.“Clint, where’s Nat?” he asked. Steve Rogers tensed beside him, but Harry ignored the captain and looked at Clint, waiting for Natasha’s oldest friend to tell him what was up. But Barton didn’t speak. He didn’t say a word or make a sound. He looked up from the floor and directly at him, and Harry’s breath caught in his throat when he saw the tears in the archer’s eyes. He looked into Hawkeye’s grief-stricken face and he knew the truth.For the first time since Ron and Hermione had disappeared in front of his eyes five years earlier, Harry Potter lost control of his emotions, and his magic with them. The outburst of raw magical energy sent the other Avengers diving for cover, but he was unaware of any of it. He shouted, in devastation and in rage, and in his head he vowed to kill Thanos where he stood if it was the last thing he ever did.--The raging skies and the snow blowing in his face didn’t bother Harry in the least. This barren hellhole of a planet had already taken everything from him; there was nothing more it could do to hurt him. But things would be different this time. He’d had the one good thing remaining in his life taken away from him on this planet, but today he’d come to take something back.The shade that floated before him didn’t even make Harry flinch. He’d been told about the guardian of the Soul Stone; he knew what to expect. Even if this relic of a bygone era possessed the ability to harm him, he had nothing to fear. After the role he’d played in destroying Thanos and his army there wasn’t a living thing in the galaxy that would make Harry hesitate, especially not with what he’d come here to do.“I’ve come to make an exchange,” he said. “I’ve come to retrieve what you’ve taken from me.”“No,” the shade said. “It does not work that way. A soul, once given, cannot be returned. You cannot—““I don’t give a flying fuck what you think I can or cannot do!” Harry said with an impatient roar. “I didn’t come here to negotiate with some pathetic servant!” He looked beyond the shade of the former Red Skull, dismissing it as unimportant. It was time to use a title he’d long thought was best left in the past. “I am Harry Potter, Master of Death!” he bellowed. “I call upon Death herself!”The insignificant shade faded from view, and in its place another, far more powerful being rose. Harry could feel the power emanating from the source. Yes, this was who he needed to speak to. This was Death.“Not many call out to me,” the incorporeal being said, her voice soothing and terrifying at the same time. “Most spend their entire lives wishing to be as far away from me as possible. But I visit them all eventually. I will visit you too, but this is not your time.”“I’m here to barter,” he said. “Natasha Romanoff gave her soul in exchange for this.” He pulled the Soul Stone out of his pocket and held it between his fingers. “I will return it to you, and you’ll give her back to me.”“No,” Death said, and to Harry’s ears she sounded amused with him. “That is not how the exchange works. Natasha Romanoff knew what she was doing when she traded her life for the stone. The trade is permanent. If I allowed a soul to return once the stone was put back then it would not be a true sacrifice, wouldn’t you say?”  “I didn’t say I expected you to give her back in exchange for the stone alone,” he said. “I have more to offer.” He pulled a second stone out of his other pocket, one that he had not held in his hands for many years, not since he’d walked into the Forbidden Forest to what he’d believed would be his death He supposed it technically had been, at least momentarily. “I also offer the return of the Resurrection Stone, which you yourself created.”“That is an interesting offer,” Death said. She didn’t sound amused anymore. Now she sounded intrigued. That was good; she was listening. But he wasn’t done yet. Time to sweeten the pot.“I also offer you the return of this.” He pulled a wand out of his pocket, but it was not the normal holly and phoenix feather wand that he’d gotten before he went to Hogwarts and had used ever since, the wand that had unleashed such destruction in the final fight against Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Crossover
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Rough Sex
Cunnilingus
Parseltongue Kink
Rimming
Vaginal Sex
Pregnancy Kink
Creampie
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

