Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
In his will, Tony left Stark Industries to one Peter Benjamin Parker.While he was also given the role of CEO, Peter and Pepper both decided to wait until Peter becomes of age to throw on the official title to the public. That doesn’t mean he doesn’t act the part, however.While not officially, publicly, legally, CEO, Peter is a force to be reckoned with in the conference room. Not only that, Peter being the kind and friendly soul that he is, has befriended every single employee, intern, and staff member at Stark Industries. He is a known presence in the R&D floors, somehow able to work on his own, SI, and other interns’ projects simultaneously. In addition, Peter’s view on life as a teenager who has seen too much has contributed much to SI’s marketing team. Sales and their number of shareholders are skyrocketing. Even legal reaches out for Peter’s help every now and again.Despite his status as a high schooler, Peter has multiple Masters Degrees from MIT in the areas of chemistry, engineering, mathematics, physics, and computer programming. With the help of Tony’s MIT connections, they were able to set up online classes with each of Peter’s professors. Peter, the little genius, has Masters Degrees despite his three short years of online classes.Everything’s going great.Does Peter miss Mr. Stark? Hell, yeah.Would it be better if Mr. Stark were here to see his company flourish and thrive like never before? Infinitely.Would Peter give anything to have Mr. Stark here by his side, calling him son, radiating love and affection and pride and everything a father should? Without hesitation.That’s not the world Peter lives in, however. In this cruel, savage, dimension, Anthony “Tony” Edward Stark is dead and the world is still reeling, but they’re moving on. They’re accepting. They’re getting better.And Peter’s happy.He’s got a loving family by his side through every painful memory and devastating nightmare and all-too-real flash-
No.

Don’t think about him like that, Peter.
Remember the good times.And so he does.And Peter’s better because of it.-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-“Thanks, Happy!”“Yeah, Boss.” Grinning at Happy’s nonchalant tone (it’s secretly laced with adoration and love for the kid his best friend had taken under his wing), Peter scurries out of the black Audi, nearly tripping over his own feet in his haste to get out of the car.What? He’s a busy man. He’s got things to do.Pushing past the circulating glass panels Stark Tower and many others call doors (ya know, the spinning ones that you have to push in a circle to get past), Peter takes in a deep breath, a content grin settling across his face.Despite having his own private elevator in the garage at the back of Stark Tower, Peter insists Happy let him in through the front doors so that he may walk past the lobby, greeting people he knows with a cheery smile and wave as they pass.“Hey, darlin’!” Peter whips around as a familiar voice calls out to him, a tall mop of messy brown hair rushing towards him. Before Peter’s able to call out his lover’s name, the bundle of Southern goodness has Peter scooped up in his arms in a bone crushing hug.“H-Harley!” Peter exclaims with a laugh. Harley spins him around dramatically. Peter just laughs until Harley sets him down. He’s hardly given any time to recover from the sudden wave of dizziness before Harley has attacked Peter’s lips in a hasty kiss.The couple melts into each other and it’s a long time before either of them pull away to breathe.“Hey, babe. What’s got you so pumped?” asks Peter, curling his arms around one of Harley’s as the two walk towards one of Stark Tower’s many elevators. They don’t care for the scene they had just caused in the middle of the lobby, but everyone in the tower is already well aware and used to the couple’s inability to not publicly display affection. In fact, everyone is very supportive and they even get a few approving whistles as they continue their trek.“So you know how I tour guide here as a side gig?” Peter hums in approval.“Yeah, well I have another group comin’ in on Friday. They’re an overnight so basically Friday to Saturday,” Harley explains briefly as the two step into the private elevator, reserved exclusively for Pepper, Morgan, Rhodey, Happy, May, Harley, and Peter.“That’s great, Harley. But what’s so special about this tour? You’ve done it so many times before already.” Harley pauses to answer F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s question with, Floor 98, please, FRI. Thanks., and looks at Peter quizzically. Then he breaks out into a shit-eating grin.“You don’t know?” It’s Peter’s turn to look at Harley with a questioning gaze. This spurs Harley’s excitement even more.“Oh my god, ohmygodohmygodohmygod you don’t know. You don’t know! Oh my god, this is great.” Peter turns to Harley exasperatedly, but truly, he’s more amused at Harley’s antics than annoyed.“What do I not know? C’mo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones/Shuri

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Peter Parker owns Stark Industries
He's going to be CEO too
KARAOKE HOUR
Engineering Inaccuracies
Scientific Inaccuracies
Flash Thompson needs to learn to keep his mouth shut
BAMF Peter Parker
Thaddeus Ross is a Little Shit
Really Flash and Ross should both drink bleach
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
BAMF Michelle Jones
Explosions
in the lab
Implied Sexual Favors of a Minor
Identity Reveal
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Harley Keener is a Good Bro
BoyxBoy
girlxgirl
Kind of Drifted From the Field Trip Plot a lot
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Yep that means Tony's Dead
Sorry Not Sorry
Song: This Is Me
for Karaoke Hour
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Harley Keener is a little shit
Peter Parker Sister Snaps
A lot - Freeform
This Fic Lives Up To Its Name
Varying Levels of Gay
and disbelief
and badassery
Maybe Some Movie Inaccuracies
Tell me if you see any and I'll fix them
Definitely going to have a sequel
maybe multiple
probably
COMPLETED - YAY
Daily Bugle
is a little shit
But not in a good way like Harley
Same with Ross
He's a little shit but not in the good way
Peter curses a lot
in the last chapter
slash epilogue
Okay Ending
I Can't Believe I Wrote This
Because it's actually pretty good
not bragging
Okay imma stop butchering the tags now
Buh boi (bye bye)

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones/Shuri

