Work Text:
“Are your parents home?” You ask from your spot next to Veronica on the couch.She shook her head, “They went out for the night.”You smile, leaning your head in until your lips were pressed against hers. She couldn’t help but smirk into your lips, you were so predictable, but she loved it. Her hands went into your hair, pulling slightly to get you to moan for her. Smiling as you do, she knew exactly what to do to get you to come undone for her. Removing her lips from yours, she starts making her way down your chin to your neck, teasing you here and there with her tongue. You shiver, moving your hands to her hips, needing to feel her.“Baby.” You moan. She’s quick to pull your shirt off and is happily surprised when she sees that you hadn’t worn a bra today.Veronica starts moving down your neck and towards your breasts, licking and nipping at them until her lips locked onto your nipple and gave it a quick pull. You tense under her as the feeling went straight to your clit. Her arms moving to cage you into the couch, eyes never leaving yours, picking up any reaction you had to her movements as she continues to lick and suck at your nipples. Your hand finds its way into her hair and the other to the couch at the feeling of her mouth teasing you.After some time of playing and switching between the two to give each the right amount of attention, she knows she has you soaking for her and promptly retracts herself from your body. You whimper at the loss, and she smirks as she moves off the couch to kneel in front of you. Her hands tracing up your legs to the hem of your shorts, not even wasting a minute before she’s tugging them down your legs, throwing them and your panties somewhere behind her.Goosebumps appear on your skin as she spreads you wide open for her, gently pressing kisses on your thighs until she reaches your mound. “Fuck babe” she moans, sliding a finger up your slick folds.“V” you shiver, wanting her so badly as she eases closer, tracing her tongue up and down your core. Loving how you start squirming for her, she licks up your slit, making sure to avoid your clit. Not wanting to give you what you wanted just yet, so she continues this way until you beg her for more.“Baby” You groan looking down at her.Not being able to resist you much longer she gives in and finally takes your clit between her lips. Your so sensitive she has you shaking at the feeling, leaning your head back as you moan a little too loudly. You feel her smile against you for a moment, enjoying the pleasure she causes you before she regains her focus on what she’s doing. Her tongue never leaving you, not that you ever wanted it to, she always made you feel like you were touching the sky especially when she spent hours with her head in between your legs, those days you always had trouble functioning after.

Opening your eyes, you see Veronica on her knees not even looking at you she was so focused. Movement behind her has you glancing up and seeing her stepfather in the doorway staring at you. You didn’t know how long he was standing there or when he got home but you froze, what are you supposed to do, your girlfriend's stepdad was watching you, and judging by the bulge in his pants, he had been there a while.“Fuck” you moan gripping her hair roughly at the knowledge of Steve Rogers being turned on by you and his stepdaughter. Why did that excite you, she'd be mortified if she knew, you should tell her to stop or say something.Instead the other hand that wasn’t on Veronica’s head went to your nipple as you start tugging on it while staring into his eyes. He gives you a wicked smirk at the action, realizing you weren’t going to stop the show. You were so distracted by him that you didn’t even notice Veronica moving to slip a finger inside your slit until she was already inside you.Gripping her hair tighter in surprise you almost scream at the feeling. She continues her movements, enjoying watching you fall apart for her. “More” you whimper, causing her to comply by adding another finger.Looking towards the door again, you see Steve with his hands rubbing over the bulge in his pants. His dark eyes never leaving yours as he bites his lip. The image causing you to groan. Fuck how could someone look so good and still be fully clothed. Twisting the nipple still in your hand hard, wanting to tease him a bit. He nods his head in approval seeming to want to tease you back as he begins unbuckling his pants and reaching in to take his manhood out and stroke it.

“Fuck” you moan, bucking up into Veronica’s face. She brings the hand not currently inside your heat to hold your hips down and inserts another finger, not stopping her tongue on your clit. Steve only winked at your reaction, continuing to rub himself.“Please” you whimper unsure of what you’re asking for or from who you’re asking either, but Veronica understands, adding more pressure when sucking your clit and giving a curl of her fingers. Throwing you over the edge as you wrap
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Veronica Lodge/Reader
Veronica Lodge/You
Veronica Lodge/Original Character(s)
Veronica Lodge/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Veronica Lodge/Girlfriend!Reader

freeform: 
Smut
NSFW GIF
NSFW
Animated GIFs
PORN gifs
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
Lesbian Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Voyeurism
Accidental Voyeurism
Masturbation
stepdad steve
Face-Fucking
Blowjobs
pussy licking
Fingerfucking
Vaginal Fingering
Stepdad Steve and stepdaughters friend
fucking your girlfriends dad
Fucking
Kitchen Sex
Couch Sex
Alternate Universe
Girlfriend Veronica Lodge
No Incest
still taboo
bad girlfriend
Cheating
Infidelity
Hermione Lodge married Steve Rogers
Dirty Talk
Come Swallowing
Semi-Public Sex
Hair-pulling
girlfriends stepdad
Standing Sex
against fridge sex
Sneaking Around
first time cheating
no sex between Veronica and Steve
Caught
Daddy Kink
Taboo
inappropriate relationships
Out of Character
sex gifs
EXPLICIT GIFS
Erotic gifs
Reader-Insert

fandom: 
Veronica Lodge/Reader
Veronica Lodge/You
Veronica Lodge/Original Character(s)
Veronica Lodge/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Veronica Lodge/Girlfriend!Reader

