Chapter 1: stephen: future
    


Summary:

Stephen takes a bet.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

August - September 2023
Karl Mordo came with the night, catching Stephen off his guard. The blast threw him clear across the courtyard, over the neighbor’s well-tended garden and through the brick wall that had separated the two properties for sixty odd years. Stephen felt a rib break but did not let himself register the pain, instead rolling to break his momentum and throwing two spells, one defensive and one offensive, at the direction of his attacker.It took him a moment to recognize the other man, so changed and embittered despite the short years since they last saw each other. Stephen was exhausted, and seeing a ghost from a time before Thanos exhausted him even more. He fought the urge to sag into his knees. “Master Mordo.”“Master Strange.” Mordo gripped the Staff of the Living Tribunal tighter and said, “Or shall I call you Sorcerer Supreme?”“I am not worthy of that title,” Stephen raised a spectral blade with his left hand, calculating possible angles of attack even as he catalogued his own injuries. They had just returned from the riots in Cairo. He felt the weight of the last few weeks as he pulled more energy from stores he did not know existed.“No,” Karl agreed, advancing as he whipped the Staff, “no, you’re not.”Stephen surged backward when Karl lunged for him, shields sparking against the Staff’s onslaught, offensive spells on hold. Once close enough, he pulled the wards of the London Sanctum around him like a blanket, using its ancient energy to protect him as he gathered enough power for an offensive spell capable of destroying the Staff. He didn’t want to, but he saw the flat shadows in Karl’s eyes. He knew those shadows. Karl was prepared to kill him. Karl would kill him.I have a duty, he told himself, I cannot die. He threw his arm down and, with single-minded intent, cut the Staff in two. The backlash threw both men back. Stephen stumbled against the Sanctum’s shattered doors.The wards should have alerted them already, Stephen thought. Where’s my backup? I need to stall.Karl rose from the rubble with a snarl. Somewhere at the end of the street, a hapless civilian was calling for help. Stephen knew they wouldn’t come in time to intervene—the world was still in chaos, resources far too scarce and emergency services too overwhelmed to respond to every call—but nevertheless he acted accordingly, spinning his arms to shatter reality and envelop them in the Mirror Dimension. This was not going to be a quick fight. He needed to minimize the collateral damage.“Even after all this time, you do not see,” Karl spat, deprived of his best weapon but not his determination. “The laws are in place for a reason, Stephen. We cannot simply break them whenever we want. There are consequences.”Stephen bared his teeth, hissing, “Don’t speak to me of consequences, Karl, I know better than anyone what kind of consequences come out of—”“Do you?” Karl yelled as he threw spell after spell, blade after blast. “Do you?!”Stephen dodged and dodged and knew he couldn’t keep dodging forever, but the thought of killing Karl Mordo was—no, he thought, whipping out golden ropes of power in hopes to restrain this man who was once his mentor and friend.“You and your Avengers, you don’t know what you’ve done. How many times must you break reality before you understand the damage you wreak?”Karl Mordo had always been better at hand-to-hand combat, but Stephen grit his teeth against the pain and met his opponent fist for fist. Blast after blast bounced against shields, his ropes futilely reaching for Karl who knew just how to avoid them.“This painful new world you’ve made for the rest of us to suffer, it’s broken, and it’s your fault. It’s your responsibility, Sorcerer Supreme.”Something in Stephen snapped—something that had been holding him in check since he was brought back from the burgundy fog of the Soul Stone dimension—and with a roar of anger, he exploded in a surge of pure energy. Karl was thrown back again—Stephen sent another blast—and back again—another blast—Stephen pinned him down and kept him down and pierced two limbs to the ground with shimmering blades—“K-Kill me if you dare,” Karl Mordo snarled at him, teeth stained red and eyes shining with spite. “Kill me, but it ch-changes nothing. You saved nothing. B-Because of the stone, th-the world was already b-broken and you—” “I saved trillions,” Stephen snarled back, blind with a nameless black emotion that choked his throat. “I saved the universe.”“You c-can’t erase past mistakes,” Karl told him with a wet, gurgling laugh. “You c-can only make new ones. I th-thought you of all people would know.”Before Stephen could stop him, Karl wrenched an arm free and stabbed his own neck, yanking sideways for a quick end. Stephen stood there staring at him, at the life blood leaving his arteries, at his broken body, broken b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Christine Palmer & Stephen Strange
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Worldbuilding
Comic Book Science
Canon-Typical Violence
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Plotty
So wildly AU it's in a different dimension
Politics
Morally Ambiguous Character
Moral Ambiguity
Fix-It
Self-Indulgent
People may be out of character
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Stephen Strange
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Asgardian Culture (Marvel)
Asgardian Magic (Marvel)
IronStrange
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Christine Palmer & Stephen Strange
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

