Work Text:
Tony doesn’t even try and hide his surprise when he walks into his bedroom later that night and sees Barnes sitting on the side of his bed.“What--?” he begins, taking in the sight of him. The ex-Soviet’s feet are planted firmly on the floor and he’s leaning back on his hands – one flesh and one metal – as he stares up at Tony from under long, dark lashes. The look he’s giving him - that primal, dirty smirk - is enough for Tony to feel blood abandoning everywhere else in his body in favour of rushing down south.“Oh, fuck off; don’t even act like you didn’t see this coming,” Barnes interrupts, one corner of his mouth curling up even higher. Usually that sultry tone is reserved only for Rogers. But here he is, presenting himself to Tony as though he’s some goddamn Christmas present ready to be unwrapped.He supposes there’s no real witty comeback for that, and if there is, he’s having a hard time thinking of it – which says a lot. That simple statement holds a lot of weight behind it; it means that, one, he’s busted. He and the Captain are completely aware of Tony’s little private peepshow earlier that afternoon. And if they know about that, he can’t help but wonder how much they know about everything else, too – the recordings, all the times Tony’s jerked himself off to them... and maybe even the fact that he got off on watching them just hours before.But the second thing is that, no, he hadn’t actually seen this coming. If he had, he probably – being honest here – would’ve jumped up into the air and pumped his fist before spontaneously choreographing the world’s most enthusiastic victory dance. He also, more importantly, would’ve taken the proper time to prepare himself, both mentally and physically. Any prior thoughts he had in the past about being convinced that he literally wouldn’t survive a threesome with these two super soldiers were not in fact jokes. Staring at Barnes now, he sort of wishes they’d given him the head’s up so he could’ve had a chance to get ready… With yoga or Jazzercise or Lamaze classes or something.His mouth’s hanging open slightly – whoops. He didn’t even know he’d been gaping. Barnes’s eyes sweep down Tony’s body and then rise back up as he arches a brow and regards him with amusement. This is the first time he’s ever seen Tony squirm, and the bastard’s probably basking in it. Tony’s a little too proud to give it to him that easily, though. So he promptly seals his lips again and clears his throat; loosening his stance and giving a half-hearted shrug as though this whole thing wasn’t riling him up nearly as badly as it most definitely fucking is.
“Was sort of wondering why you and the Star Spangled Gramps kept staring at me the entire time we watched Marley & Me, not gonna lie,” he replies coolly. “Didn’t exactly seem like the proper response given all the crying in the rest of the room.”Tony needs to have a talk with Natasha about spending less time with Barnes, because the look he’s wearing right now is nearly an exact replica of the one she gets whenever she’s planning something mischievous. He gives a casual, innocent shrug and says calculatedly in that thickened Brooklyn accent of his, “Sorry… Guess you could say we got… distracted.”“Well, watching some sappy flick about putting a dog down isn’t exactly conducive to maintaining boners, I’ll give you that much,” Tony quips. Okay, good, he’s finding his footing again. Maybe he can even out the playing fields and make this a fair fight. At least the adrenaline spiking his heart rate isn’t translating to his outer features. As long as he doesn’t give in first, he can still walk out of there later with his pride, no matter how this turns out.Barnes makes that really fucking difficult when he hums low in his throat and leans back on his elbows, getting more comfortable. The hem of his grey t-shirt is rucked up his stomach a bit, revealing a small strip of his pelvis and the defined V of his hipbones. Tony shouldn’t stare, and he’s not going to, damnit, but yeah... He also wants to get his tongue on the skin. Fuck.“Why’re you still standin’ all the way over there?” he asks the billionaire teasingly. He knows right fucking well why, and Tony realizes that he isn’t fooling anyone. He almost makes a mental note to have a few words with his cock later, too – about things like not pitching a constricting tent in his pants when he’s trying to prove a point. He sways on his feet for a moment as though he’s about to take a step forward, or perhaps bolt from the room. Because this is exactly what his hottest fantasies have been made out of for the past, like, year… and now it’s suddenly about to happen (at least he’s pretty sure it is). And it’s a little too good to be true to process.“What about Capsicle?” Tony asks.Barnes’s smirk grows. “What about him?”Tony gives him a flat look and puts his hands on his hips. “Well, not that it’s not a pleasant surprise to see Robocop offering himself to me like some sort of strippergram – but I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Threesome
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Anal Sex
Anal
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Dirty Talk
Anal Plug
Comeplay
Come Swallowing
Deepthroating
Casual Sex
Established Relationship
Established Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Tony Has a Metal Arm Kink
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky
Top Tony Stark
Top Tony
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
Sequel
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Shameless Smut
Fluff and Smut
Some feels
NO Angst (Can You Believe It?)
Power Bottom Bucky
Dominant Top Steve
Crying from Overstimulation
Stucky Porn Prompt Challenge
Warning: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

