Chapter 1: i.
    




Chapter Text
Toni waits patiently as the school bell rings. It’s a sharp, bleating sound that splits the air clean, and Toni winces, as if on cue, her face twisting in displeasure. The doors blow open, far ahead of her, and the kids flood out like animals scrabbling in a stampede, bags thrown over their shoulders, screaming their freedom from the terrifying bondage that is the American education system.The elder kids are the first kids to come out, the ones that have had enough of school in the very few years they have been forced to attend the education system’s embrace. The younger children come at the back, and finally, it’s the kindergarteners, with their Barbie and Clifford backpacks, pigtails and bowl haircuts.Toni’s face cracks open in a smile, showing the razor line of her straight, white teeth, when she sees Peter in the shadow of the doorway. He scans the mob of parents on the other side of the school, warily, as if dreading the instance where she doesn’t show up, where she’s not waiting – Toni says fuck no to that, as if it’s inevitable that she’ll fail as a mother, as if there’s anything more important, worthier of her time than waiting here, waiting for her son to come out of those doors, so he can be sure that she’s there, so he can be sure, know for certainty that his mother is going to be there to take him home.Peter spots her, grins with all the adoration that a four-year-old can possibly have for his mother, and runs, pumping his little legs. He stops just short of her, and she crouches down, extending her arms so that he can surge up into them and she can lift him onto her hip, smoothing his dark hair away from his face.“Hi, Amma,” he says, cheerfully. “Did you miss me?”Toni presses her mouth to his hair. “Of course, I missed my baby, baby,” she teases, poking him in the stomach.He giggles, a high, pealing sound that makes her heart flutter in her chest.“How was school?” she asks, throwing his backpack over her free shoulder.“Very good. Miss Patterson wants us to do a family tree,” he explains, voice hushed. “Can we do it when we get home?”“Of course.”“But…” Peter hesitates. “You promised ice cream,” he says, carefully, like he’s preparing to bargain.She stares down at him fondly – more and more, as the years go by, Peter reminds her of herself.He has her look, of course, her dark hair and dark skin and her smile and her eyes; he has her intelligence, as far as she’s concerned, her sharp wit, her clever mind, her hunger, her interest, but there’s sweetness that is not hers, a kindness that she had lost a long time ago.Let him stay kind, she thinks. Let him not end up like me.The whispers follow her, as she walks past, Peter balanced on her hip, the parents, the mothers muttering to one another, sending her piercing, inquisitive looks, starved for scandal, hungry for gossip.They hated her for many things.They hated her for being rich – Toni thinks that’s the one they struggle with the most, the fact that Toni is hands-down the richest woman in the world and still enrolls her son in public school instead of home-schooling him with tutors and nannies, the sort of thing that they’ve come to expect from watching fictional rich people on television and in movies. They hate that she drives in an Audi and goes home to her high-rise penthouse apartment and has the opportunity of taking her son to her stately manor in Long Island on weekends whenever she wants to. They hate that she wears jeans and band t-shirts, gold at her ears and her throat and her ankles but not much else to pick her son up from school instead of wearing diamonds and rubies and tight little dresses that show half her tits and the six-inch heels that make her tower over everyone like she’s worth more than them.It’s desperately ironic, the fact that they want her to be all of those things but would hate her for it if she ever fulfilled their fantasies.They hate that she works, that she has the temerity to raise a son, on her own, nonetheless, and that not be the be-all and end-all of her existence, that a career (gasp-shock-horror) gives her just as much pleasure as motherhood does. Not only does she have a career, but she has a man’s career. She’s the CEO of Stark Industries, a multi-billion dollar industrial company, the largest tech conglomerate in the world, she’s the primary defensive contractor for democratic nations all over the world, and there are lines for ten blocks outside stores when she releases a new StarkPhone. She had the nerve to study a man’s education, engineering and maths and computers and science.They hated Ty when he was alive, his head of golden hair and blue eyes and proud, tall, lean frame, in a suit, at every preschool function, smiling that pearl-cut smile, arm draped over Toni’s shoulders like he couldn’t bear to be parted from her, ruffling little Peter’s hair and hoisting him up onto his shoulders.Their husbands are all pot-bellied, balding men screwing their secretaries, and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Mob
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Female Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Past Relationship(s)
Breaking Up & Making Up
Violence
Misogyny
Mob Boss Steve Rogers
Mob Boss Bucky Barnes
Protective Avengers
Indian Tony Stark
Hindu Tony Stark
Past Domestic Violence

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

