Chapter 1: Disciplinarian
    




Chapter Text
"Uh, hey, Mr. Harrington? Do you have a second? It's just, we're trying to do a feature on what happened in Washington D.C., I mean with Spider-Man and stuff. Could you say a few words for the Midtown Daily Newscast?"Roger Harrington had a million things racing through his mind as he hurried into school that morning. It had taken him hours to fall asleep, and then he'd somehow missed the first three alarms on his phone before he'd finally woken up. Now, he had 90 copies to make and very little hope of beating the morning rush to the copier, but still, the nervously worded question from Betty Brant made him stop in his tracks.He studied the teen in front of him, her blonde hair and bright blue eyes and nervous energy reminding him of another student on another field trip to Washington D.C. It had happened ten years ago, in a time when superheroes still belonged in comic books and Tony Stark was still the rich asshole who got drunk on national television and manufactured weapons of mass destruction. Back then, there had been no superheroes to save his kids when a young man in his early thirties had opened fire on them in The Museum of Natural History.The memory still made his breathing pick up and his chest tighten even a decade later. Blood and screaming and gut-wrenching, blinding fear. A seventeen-year-old girl lying dead and bleeding on the ground, her sightless eyes meeting his. He blinked away the nightmarish images and focused again on the girl in front of him. When he answered her question, it was with a gravity that clearly caught her by surprise."As you know, we made it out alive, and that's the important thing. I couldn't bear to lose a student on a school trip. Not again."Betty stilled, shocked that he'd gone there, her eyes flickering up towards the memorial plaque which stood prominently near the high school entrance. He wasn't surprised that she'd made the connection; some histories would never be forgotten no matter how many years had passed.Ashley Priest had been a senior like Liz Toomes in 2007. She'd opened a Facebook account only a few months before that field trip. He remembered that because Facebook had still been new then, and all the kids had been obsessed with it. He remembered her as being popular, brimming with joy and potential, with plenty of friends who would later be devastated by her death, just as he had been as her teacher. The dates bookending her cruelly short life, 1990-2007, were etched in harsh, indelible black.Now, fresh off another field trip to D.C. that could have cost him six more of his kids, Harrington could only feel profound gratitude that he'd been spared that pain a second time. "I could have lost all of my students if it hadn't been for Spider-Man. I know you'll probably never hear this, whoever you are, but thank you. Thank you so much for saving my kids."As he turned to leave, he noticed Peter Parker frozen a few feet away watching him with a very strange expression on his face. When their eyes met, the kid turned a deep shade of red and hurried away quickly. Harrington frowned, reminded that he needed to have a serious talk with Peter for sneaking out of his hotel room and blowing off Academic Decathlon. It would have to wait until later, though. Harrington needed to make his copies before the bell rang, or his classes would be an unmitigated disaster today.He hurried down the hallway, thoughts of Peter forgotten, at least for now...."Breaking News! We have reports that an armed and dangerous gunman has opened fire at the Museum of Natural History..."
Blood sprayed warm and wet on Harrington's face as a stranger went down in front of him, screaming. The deafening crack of bullets rang in his ears. The blare of proximity alarms added to the confusion as people panicked and jumped past the protective glass barriers to take cover behind towering dinosaur fossils.
"Ashley! Reva!" Harrington shouted wildly. "Where are you?"The rest of his students were hiding behind a gigantic allosaurus dinosaur, but Reva had asked for permission to go to the bathroom and he'd told her yes, as long as she didn't go alone. Ashley had volunteered, and now he couldn't see either of them. He crawled, dodging behind fossil displays, shaking and cringing every time the gun went off."MR. HARRINGTON! What…""Roger, what the hell are you doing? Get back here!"He ignored the voices of his students and his co-chaperone Monica Warren, his entire being focused on Ashley and Reva. As he ran and crawled and stumbled towards the door, he was certain he was going to die, that a bullet would hit him in the back or the stomach and that he'd collapse right here and bleed out in a room full of dinosaurs like an extra from Jurassic Park. Somehow, though, he made it out of the room uninjured and ran down an empty, blood-splattered hallway, headed for the bathrooms. For as long as he lived, he would never forget the sight that met his eyes when he rounded
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Roger Harrington & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Roger Harrington & Tony Stark
Roger Harrington & Principal Morita

freeform: 
Teacher-Student Relationship
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
School Shootings
ALICE Training
Gun Violence
Friendship
Heavy Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Growing Up
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Roger Harrington
Protective Tony Stark
Education
Character Study
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Trauma
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
POV Outsider
POV Third Person
Cross-Posted on FanFiction.Net
Realistic

fandom: 
Roger Harrington & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Roger Harrington & Tony Stark
Roger Harrington & Principal Morita

