Work Text:
"Out of all the crazy ideas you've ever had, this is the top. This is peak crazy, there's nowhere to go from here." Rocket couldn't stop laughing and Peter was looking at him with that stubborn look Rocket knew all too well. They'd been stranded on a desert-like barren rock for a week, and while their escape pod had landed safely, more or less, there'd been no sign of the Milano. They'd escaped in one of the target ship's escape pods when the mission went bad, hoping that Drax, Groot, and Gamora would be able to track them and pick them up. A week on, they hadn't.And there were more pressing problems. The escape pod had been fully stocked with survival caches of food, water, medical supplies, and tools -- all for a species that Rocket and Peter did not belong to. The water was usable, of course, but the food was nauseating to smell, to look at, and after touching it prompted an immediate rash on Peter's hand, it had been discarded as too dangerous to try eating unless it was absolutely necessary. Both of them were Terran, after all, despite being different species, and what would make Peter sick would likely make Rocket sick as well. They were both hungry and hollow-eyed -- Rocket more so than Peter, due to his small size, and he tried as hard as he could to hide how hungry he was, because all that got him was a look of sympathy and horror from Peter that was too hard to deal with on an empty stomach. He thought about telling Peter that, it was pretty funny. Don't look at me in that tone of voice on an empty stomach. A week of enforced closeness with Peter Quill was teaching him a lot he'd never known about the guy, and he'd thought they knew each other pretty well by now. That he was softer-hearted than you'd expect from a savage Terran raised by even more savage pirates. That he knew some of the filthiest jokes Rocket had ever heard -- some of them depending on knowledge of frankly upsetting-sounding sexual crap to comprehend the punchline. Even those were pretty funny just because of how Peter told them. Then again, Rocket was also pretty sure a lot of the things he'd been finding funny since he'd woken up at sunrise, stomach grinding painfully in on itself and his chest feeling cold and empty, weren't actually funny at all and that this was the start of some kind of delerium."You can't possibly be serious, Quill. You're gonna go hunting? That's your plan? We'll starve to death way before your dumb ass can find something edible." He choked on his laughter, and gave up on trying to wave away the water Peter was offering when it became clear that Peter was just going to dangle the bottle in front of his face with grim determination until he drank some. At least they had water. He'd asked Peter, trying to pretend that it was a completely casual question, how long Terrans could survive without food. Peter had thought for a bit, trying to remember, and had finally told him a couple of weeks, with plenty of water. That was good; the escape pod had a full water tank, and the filtration system still functioned. They'd even been able to add water to it, with Peter harvesting the condensation traps he'd set up around their campsite. Peter might get through this. Rocket was pretty sure he wouldn't, though, no matter how good Peter was at surviving in the wilderness.As he'd pillaged the escape pod for usable items, Peter had explained how he'd gone camping many times as a kid, with his grandfather. He'd learned survival techniques that had saved his ass many times in a pinch, and Rocket would never admit to how impressed he'd been, watching Peter set up a camp for them that was actually relatively comfortable. The escape pod's door had blown off, as designed, on impact, and it was so cramped inside that it was useless as a shelter, but Peter had dug through the pod's supplies and found a bag of survival blankets -- he'd used them to string up a shade for them to sit and sleep under, next to the pod, and torn one up into smaller pieces for the condensation traps. They'd kept a few for sleeping, since the desert's heat turned cold at night, and what had once been bizarre -- sleeping huddled up with Peter for warmth -- had become routine and unremarkable after a week.Now Peter was ripping up something else -- the heavy canvas bag the medical supplies had been packed in -- and put it down in his lap to stare at Rocket. "You need food. Worse than me. A hell of a lot worse than me, and I'm worried about you. We have water, neither of us are hurt, but both of us will die eventually if we don't eat. And I can hunt down one of those," he said, pointing off into the distance at a four-legged ungulate of some kind, grazing on the tough, inedible-to-Peter-and-Rocket grass that was some of the only vegetation they'd seen, aside from stands of tough little thorny trees. "Neither of us have any weapons, genius. Your guns are empty and mine is back on the fucking freaky-ass-alien ship we got the stupid pod from. You're go
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill & Rocket Raccoon

freeform: 
Blood and Gore
Animal Death
Hunters & Hunting
Male Friendship
Best Friends
Pre-Slash
Action/Adventure

fandom: 
Peter Quill & Rocket Raccoon

