Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
“We need you on an 0-8-4. Deep cover.” He doesn’t apologize for calling Steve in not three hours after he got back from another mission. Steve at least expected an offer of coffee from the man who had once carried his Captain America trading cards in his pocket along with a heap of hero-worship. But Coulson’s office is dark and cluttered with papers and his tone is weary. “Where?” Steve responds without thinking, not even sitting down as he steps into Coulson’s office—one of the first ones above ground since the main SHIELD base of operations had moved from the Playground to New York. While he still liked it better than he had liked Fury’s glass cage of an office, he mostly resents the idea of SHIELD’s renaissance in any sense. There was a job to be done, and he would help wherever he could, but he wouldn’t be on SHIELD’s retainer if it weren’t for Bucky insisting that he had to make something up to the whole world. Steve wouldn’t let Bucky navigate the waters of this organization alone; that’s for sure.  “Vermont. Caledonia. Blue Mountain Couples’ Retreat,” A file is shoved into his hands, and he can tell that Phil’s pissed, even if it’s not at him, “We sent in a team and they fell victim to the 0-8-4. I’m not going to put anyone else at risk who can’t handle it.”“What’s happening there?”“Couples are going missing. We tried to get our team in as staff, but no matter the fact that we threw actual PhD trained therapists at them, the administration said that they were already more-than-well-staffed, even though they’ve been taking on larger and larger numbers of clients at a time. Everything checks out, taxes, employees are all citizens who have existed for years and have high school friends and went to a college and have their pictures in the yearbook. No alarm bells. Except for the missing couples.”“Who do you want me to work with? Natasha’s still in Belarus cleaning up our last mission.” A mission Steve is burnt out from, having spent weeks squatting in a hovel on the border—the only reprieve being fighting off the mercenary lackeys of the HYDRA cell they thought they had taken down—as they waited for transport to become available. But he wouldn’t tell Coulson that. Not when the man was looking like he’d rip out what hair he had left, and when it was more tinged with gray than anything. Phil shakes his head, “As capable as Agent Romanoff is, I need to send you in with Barnes.”Steve hums in acknowledgement, meeting Coulson’s tired eyes, “You’re serious about safety on this one.” He doesn’t even think about the implications of going in on this specific mission with him. Because he knows covertcy—much as Natasha would disagree—using a couple that stands out rather than a bland heterosexual couple was a risk to the op itself. Clearly they were a last resort. “I can’t lose any more people. Not to another damn 0-8-4,” Coulson’s fist meets his desk and Steve supsects that his hand was hurt more than the mahogany, “I’m bringing Barnes in from—well, you don’t have clearance to know where he was, but be assured he’ll be meeting you at the airport at 0600 tomorrow.”“He won’t be home first?” He and Steve share an apartment, at least in name. They had mostly made the decision out of habit when they started working out of the New York office of SHIELD, which was now the main branch, as they were no longer government sanctioned. But the apartment was too big and modern and could barely be called a home, especially since neither of them were ever there. While Steve had been in Belarus for four weeks, and then Chechnya before that, Bucky had been in—well, wherever he was—for three months now. At least if the retreat was really a retreat, they might get a chance to rest, even have a decent conversation. 
I haven’t spoken to him since before Chechnya. What’s that been? A month and a half?
Coulson shakes his head, “It’s still hours until his next check-in according to his handler. And then it’s a long flight after that. I’ll tell him to sleep on the plane here so that you can take your flight to solidify your identities. Your equipment will be there with you on the plane.” Steve sighs and doesn’t mention the fact that Bucky didn’t sleep on planes. “But it’s low-tech. You’ll get mesh camouflaging masks, but they check the rooms and bags. Sneaking in surveillance equipment, no matter how well hidden, was what betrayed them last time.” “Contact lenses?” Steve knew there were lenses they could wear to see through those mesh masks, and it would make working as a team a hell of a lot easier if he could read Bucky’s expression on his face and not a stranger’s. “Of course. We’ll also have someone pull appropriate wardrobe for your aliases. Just pack the basics for yourself. No weapons.”Another file is jutted at him and Steve struggles to grab it before Phil lets go of it, as he’s already typing on his computer with one hand and reaching for his phone in the other. It’s almost a sign to go, but Coul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Undercover as a Couple
Undercover As Gay
Undercover
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Post-Canon

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

