Chapter 1: i.
    




Chapter Text
Some people would think that it starts off when Tony touches an infinity stone and gets transported to another universe.No, it doesn’t.It begins when the Rogue Avengers come back to the United States, and Tony is forced to put out a welcome party.“You okay, boss man?”Tony turns his head, from where he’s watching the monitor in his workshop. On the screen is a flight pattern, a flight pattern tracking the jet that’s bringing the Rogue Avengers from Wakanda to the Compound, all of them: Rogers and Barnes and Wilson and Romanoff and Barton and Maximoff and Lang.Vision had kindly offered to go to Wakanda to ensure that everything went smoothly, and Tony didn’t have the heart to say no, even if it would be protecting him.Vision hadn’t exactly been comfortable with what happened during the Civil War, as the press have now dubbed it, and surprisingly, the android had been going to weekly meetings with a therapist to come to terms with all those new, human feelings that he suddenly had to deal with. So, Tony had been reluctant to ask anything of him that would jeopardise his therapy, but Vision had offered and put forth such a case of logic that it would have been stupid to deny them this.Frankly, Tony commended him for his strength. He doesn’t think he would have been able to last hours in an enclosed space with Rogers without throttling him, so all the power to Vision if he can do that with Maximoff.Harley’s standing behind him, with an arched eyebrow.See, these are the sorts of things that make the press suspect that Harley is his illegitimate son; not that he doesn’t love Harley like a father would a son, but it just gets problematic with having to deal with the tabloids not only with his professional existence but his personal life as well.“I’m fine, Harley,” he says, hoping that he can muster up a smile to put the boy at ease.“Are you sure?” Harley asks, with his eyes narrowed. “Because those dickwads who hurt you are going to be arriving here like any minute or so, and you look like you’re about to throw up.”“Which you totally can, if you want to!”The new voice startles Tony into making an odd little noise, and his eyes drift skywards, only to be faced with a certain teenager sticking to the ceiling, his face cut in a sympathetic expression.“You’re on the ceiling,” he says, his voice high and thin.“I’m on the ceiling,” Peter agrees, soothingly.“Language!” Tony snaps at Harley, transitioning from one conversation to another seamlessly.Harley rolls his eyes, the perfect impression of Tony himself at his age, if only a little blonder and much whiter than Tony had ever been.Honestly, it really speaks to how dumb the paparazzi must be, because if they really thought that Tony, with his dark-skinned Indian mother who gave him beautiful, dark, Indian skin, and his Persian Jewish father who gave him those eyebrows and that nose that he was later forced into sharpening down because God forbid you be a Jew in a rich man’s world, impregnated a white woman and the resulting progeny would be white-white, well, then they’re much dumber than Tony originally had thought.That’s okay, though; he’s getting used to being wrong about a lot of things.In fact, one of those things is slowly approaching the Compound in a stolen Quinjet, and it’s making a nervous, anxious knot form low in his gut.“Hey, your mother only allows you to stay with me because I am supposedly a good role model and influence on a growing teenage boy,” he points out. “Letting you swear doesn’t seem like I’m being a good influence.”“My mother is absolutely fine with the fact that I have a sugar daddy,” Harley says, rolling his eyes. “She would forgive you for anything that you did.”Tony drags a hand over his face. “Look, you absolutely cannot joke about things like that. You might actually get me arrested,” he says, his voice thin and taut.Harley shrugs. “You’re rich and brown and not straight; isn’t that social gold in today’s day and age?”“Ignore him,” Peter says, jumping down onto the floor. “He’s just being an ass because he’s worried about you. Besides, he wants that new targeting software that you’ve been telling him about for his goggles so Spudnik can be as good a sniper as the Winter Soldier.”Harley huffs like he’s about to start stomping his foot. “I am not worried about him,” he tells Peter, sternly.“He’s worried about you,” Peter repeats, conspiratorially. “It’s okay, because I’m worried about you too.”Tony pinches the bridge of his nose. “Why are you worried?” he asks, warily.“Because the douchebags are coming home,” Harley says, plainly.“Douchebags?”“The Rogue Avengers,” Peter explains.“You know, we don’t actually call them that,” Tony points out.Peter and Harley exchange a look.“We do,” they say in unison.Tony bites back the groan that bubbles in his throat. “Look, I’m fine. It will be fine. They’ll come back and we’ll deal with it and everything will be fine.”“We don’t like them,” Harley says, folding his arms
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Marvel 616/MCU Crossover
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
all the salt
Dimension Travel

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

