Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“What do you remember about your dad?” Fury asks, as if he has a right to it. He’s barely looking at Tony which is making it harder for Tony to figure out what his angle is. He’s never been the best at reading people.“He was cold.” Tony decides to go for a partial truth. “He was calculating.” He watched Fury for a reaction, something he can work with. “He never told me he loved me. He never even told me he liked me, so it’s a little tough for me to digest when you’re telling me he said the whole future was riding on me and he’s passing it down. I don’t get that. You’re talking about a guy whose happiest day was when he shipped me off to boarding school.”“That’s not true.” Fury says, and all signs point to him being dead serious.“Well. Then clearly you knew my dad better than I did.” He wants to throw something. Wants to start yelling, but he doesn’t. Who is this man to come into his house and act like he knows anything about Tony’s childhood?“AS a matter of fact, I did.” He says, and Tony is seething. “He was one of the founding members of SHIELD.” Great, another one of his dads work buddies that thinks they know Tony. Exactly what he needed.“What?” He deadpans, hoping for some explanation that makes that relevant.“I got a 2’oclock.” Is all he get’s and Fury is heading for the door. Tony wants to believe that he’s reading this wrong, that Fury didn’t just drop by to drop a bomb on him and then bail.“Wait, wait, wait, wait.” Tony tries to stop him. “What is this?” He gestures to the box of junk Fury dropped on his table.“Okay, you’re good right?” Fury asks, and no he isn’t he’s dying and Fury is pulling some cryptic bullshit.“No, I am not good!” He’s so frustrated, he doesn’t know where he went wrong in this conversation but he has no idea what’s going on, and Jarvis is offline because of their fuckery so there’s no help for him.“You got this, right? Right?” Fury asks, Tony doesn’t know how he could possibly make it clearer that he does not.“Got what? I don’t even know what I’m supposed to get.” He huffs, frustrated. He misses Rhodey, Rhodey has always been the best at explaining things.“Natasha will remain a floater at Stark Industries with her cover intact.” Fury tacks on, as if that’s a decision he gets to make. She’s a liar, who infiltrated his company, and hurt Jarvis. “You remember agent Coulson, right?”“Yeah.” He says, looking over at the man pointedly. He opens his mouth to point out that Fury still hasn’t explained anything.“And Tony remember, I’ve got my eye on you.” Fury says, and then disappears out the door like a dramatic bastard. Tony is seething, but he turns to the other two waiting for some sort of explanation.“We’ve disabled all communications.” Natasha speaks up, leaving him with only more questions. “No contact with the outside world. Good luck.” And then she takes a page out of Fury’s book and walks out the door.He turns to Agent Coulson baffled and frustrated, and wanting these people out. “Please-“ He cuts himself off, deciding that he isn’t going to get a halfway decent explanation. “First thing, I need a little bodywork. I’ll put in a little time at the lab, if we can send a member of the goon squad sown to The Coffee Bean, Cross Creek, for a Starbucks run, or something, that’d be great.” He doesn’t think it’s too much to ask, what with the breaking and entering, and the harassment.“I’m not here for that.” Coulson says, voice cold. “I’ve been authorized by Director Fury to use any means necessary to keep you on premises.” As if holding him here against his will is no big deal. “If you attempt to leave or play any games, I will tase you, and watch Supernanny while you drool on the carpet. Okay?” He doesn’t deign to look towards Tony, and Tony has been treated like scum on the bottom of someone’s shoe too many times not to recognize it, but this man had just crossed the line.“No.” He says. First they break into his house, now they’re threatening to kill him. Coulson jerks slightly, so he must not have expected that.“What?” He asks, Tony can’t tell what he’s thinking none of the usual signs he reads are present. If he had to guess Tony would think Coulson was giving him a chance to retract his statement. Unlikely.“What, big bad agent has some issues with comprehension?” Tony asks. “It’s very simple Agent Coulson No means no. As in, no it is not okay.” Coulson’s hand twitches towards his hip, Tony presumes the taser is on his belt. “I have put up with a lot of bullshit from your organization, but I will not allow death threats in my own home, get out.” The line was crossed, Tony is done. He points to the door and he see’s Coulson roll his eyes in Tony’s periphery. The audacity.“Please, I’d hardly call a taser a death threat.” He says, as if Tony was not one of the smartest people on the planet, fully aware of the damage a taser can do. Maybe it’s the heavy metal poisoning, but Tony doesn’t think he’s ever been this angry before.“Of course, my bad. I’m sure SHI
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
News Media
Tony Stark Defense Squad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Autistic Tony Stark
Legal Drama
Police
SHIELD
Hydra (Marvel)
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 2
Fix-It of Sorts
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

