Chapter 1: The Eclipse That Stole The Son
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Prologue

The Eclipse That Stole The Son
   
March 2004
 Rhodey smashed at the metal door with his bare fists like it would somehow, against all odds, come crashing down. Tony on the other hand, could only watch ahead, dazed, frozen in place as his lungs heaved and chimed like broken machinery. His legs were trembling with such force that he was compelled to his knees. They thumped to the floor violently. He felt nothing. ”These assholes really think they can lock us up in our own home?” Rhodey said through gritted teeth, pushing at the door with his palms. He should be helping. He knew he should be helping, but Tony was paralysed. The adrenaline was pulsating so loud it felt like his heart had traversed to his brain and all he could hear was a perpetual thump thump thump. His vision was shrouded with a vail of painful anxiety and the only words that he could focus on were, he was failing. His child was out there all alone and he was failing. Tony stared vacantly at the puddle of water which was swelling around him from when they were both attacked by the sprinklers. He was soaked to the bone; his vest and Pajama pant’s three shades darker than they should be. Nonetheless, he wasn't shivering from the cold. He wished he was shivering from the cold. ”Tony...” Rhodey implored. ”Tones.” He had said his name at least several times by now but Tony couldn't bring himself to speak. His friend’s inferential plea for him to wake the fuck up was white noise. Each word sounded hollow, buzzing in the back of his skull. A withered reminder that he was real, as much as he didn't want to be. ”Tones, listen to me”, Rhodey crouched in front of him, gently putting a hand on his shoulder like he was an animal ready to lash out. Tony just looked lifelessly ahead, his eyes glazed over. ”I know you're scared—terrified—but you have to keep it together. You have to keep it together for him.” Tony exhaled shakily, surprised that he had any air to let out. ”You were right. All of you. You said that I couldn't be a father. You were right.” The words tasted foreign in his mouth. ”No Tony”, Rhodey reprimanded. ”We said those things before we saw how much you love that kid. You proved us wrong when you got your act together for your son.” ”My son”, Tony spoke firmly despite the way his voice cracked in grief. ”Is gone. I have nothing. Zip. Zero. Nada. I failed him. Failure.” “We don't know that.” Rhodey reasoned. He sounded as though his voice-box was crawling over eggshells—desperate to reach out and grab him, but too uneasy to so much as be in the same room. Tony didn't say anything in response. He didn't think he could. It felt like a snake had coiled itself around his throat, only allowing him one word answers. Raindrop’s pelted at the streets outside of the tower like bullets; integrating with the sound of the ongoing shooting coming from a few floors below. Every now and then, a particularly hostile drop of rain would whack a sheer glass window. It was as though the world was mocking him; jabbing a dainty finger as if to say ’We have him! We have your son!’ Perhaps it was karma. Retribution for all of the awful decisions he had ever made: the extensive reckless behaviour, the drinking, and the casual bitterness tossed towards the people he cared about. As a result, the universe was trying to seize the one good thing Tony had. His opportunity to be a better man, and a better father than Howard could ever be. ”He’s alone out there. He's too fragile to be alone out there.” Tony whispered, his voice hoarse and raw like it had been overused, even though he had barely spoken since the whole ordeal had begun. ”He’s with Cap Tones. He’s with Steve. You know,  that despite all of his perfect faults, Steve would do anything protect him. I know you know that.” Rhodey conversed slowly, emphasising every word to Tony. ”If he can't—” “He will.” Rhodey stressed, his face creased in grief and longing. However, Tony had known his best friend for enough time to read between the lines. The longing in Rhodey’s face wasn't from trying to reach Tony, it was from trying to believe his own words. Rhodey couldn't guarantee his son’s safety. On every other occasion, his candid friend would have been core strikingly honest—never once making a promise he couldn't keep. But this time, Rhodey had made a broken vow and Tony understood why. The incredible ’Tony Stark’ looked as though he was about to crumble into a dishevelled pile of clay if anyone so much as looked at him wrong. ”These people Rhodey, they're not...they won't...they aren't good people.” He rasped out, trying to breathe around the ginormous rock lodged in his throat. The shooting was getting louder. Rhodey’s head tilted downwards like he couldn’t bring himself to look into Tony’s eyes and acknowledge the love which had so quickly shifted to pain. ”I know...I kno
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Irondad
spiderson
Angst
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
But it might take a while for him to find it :(
Anxiety
PTSD
Hurt/Comfort
Pre-Civil War (Marvel)
Not Canon Compliant
I don’t hate Captain America
Worried Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Kidnapping
Torture
Childhood Trauma
Plot Twists
Angry Tony Stark
Peter Parker Whump
Angry Peter Parker
Sad Peter Parker
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Kid Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
but he has a right to be so
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Alternate Universe
Iron Dad
This Is Not Going To Go The Way You Think
Violence
all the feels
Eventual Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
Arguments
Father-Son Relationship
Human Experimentation
AU

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

