Chapter 1: My New Quirk
    




Chapter Text

(Location: Musutafu pre-school. Time: Recess)




The sounds of children laughing and screaming filled the air of the Musutafu preschool playground. It was time for recess, the time of day were kids were allowed to go outside, run around, and play to their hearts content. Some were playing sports like kickball, some were playing games like hide and seek, and some took this opportunity to catch up on their sleep. However, three kids weren't playing or resting like the rest.



At the giant oak tree that sat at the edge of the playground stood three little kids, two boys and one girl. One boy had blond hair and red eyes, the girl had pink hair and yellow eyes, and the last boy had green hair and eyes. The girl was holding onto a remote, trying to get her toy out of the tree branches.



"Can I blow it out of the tree?" The blond boy asked.



"No Baku! I worked so hard on it! I'm not gonna let you blow it up!" The girl exclaimed, appalled and horrified at the idea.



"M-Maybe we could get the teacher to get it!"



"No Zuku! We're not supposed to bring toys to school! They'll take it and tell my parents!"



The kids in question were Mei Hatsume, Katsuki Bakugo, and Izuku Midoriya, three lifelong friends since the age of three. They were staring up at one of the trees branches near the top, watching as something blue and yellow kept trying to inch itself out. They listened as it whirled, trying to get free from its wooden prison.



The toy in question was a crudely sculpted and painted figure of All Might, with little rotors built inside of it, giving it the ability to fly via Mei's remote. Sadly she ended up losing control due to it getting too far away, and the three watched in horror as it flew into the tree.



"Well we have to do something dumby! Recess ends soon!"



"Don't call me a dumby you…you…butthead!"



"The hell did you call me?!" Bakugo screamed, before he and Mei got into each other's face, growling and pushing one another back.



Meanwhile, Izuku walked away from his friends and stared up at the stuck toy, trying to figure a way to get it. The tree had no groves or holes, meaning he couldn't climb it. He couldn't call his mom since she was at work, he didn't know anyone that could fly or extend their limbs, and he himself didn't have his quirk yet. So he, with his child brain and hope, did the only thing he could do.



He reached up and began jumping, hoping that, by some miracle, he'd jump high enough to grab it. Or maybe all of his jumping would make it fall down?



Sweat built up on his forehead as his tongue slipped passed his lips, a small whine escaping him as his plan had no effect on the stuck toy. Pouting, he kicked the tree, only to yelp in pain and hold his foot, angry at himself for doing something so dumb.



With a grunt he reached up towards it one last time, and this time something surprising happened. His fingertips glowed green, and the toy began shaking in the branch. Concentrating more, the toy began shaking more wildly, before it finally became dislodged and started floating down towards him. With wide eyes and a bright smile, he watched in amazement as it floated down enough for him to grab it. All Might's poorly drawn smile, smiled back at him, as if saying 'good job' or 'thank you for saving me'.



"Guys! Guys! I got it! I got Sume's toy!" He called out in joy, running over to his friends.



Bakugo and Mei had ended up getting into a wrestling match while he went to get the toy. Mei was sitting on Bakugo's back, grabbing onto his blond hair. Bakugo had a hold on Mei's left leg, and was getting ready to bite it before Izuku interrupted them.



Mei squealed, before kicking Bakugo's head, forcing him to let go of her leg before rushing towards her green haired friend. She jumped into his arms and giggled, which he did as well.



"My hero!" She exclaimed, before kissing his cheek and grabbing her toy beofre presenting it to Bakugo. The blond haired boy was just not getting up, while dusting himself off with one hand and rubbing the spot where she kicked him with the other. Izuku was frozen, cheeks cherry red. "Look Baku! Zuku got my toy back!"



"How the hell did you manage that Deku?" Bakugo asked. The question was able to get Izuku out of his frozen state, and allowed him to smile wide.



"I-I just got my quirk!"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hatsume Mei/Midoriya Izuku
Ashido Mina/Midoriya Izuku
Jirou Kyouka/Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku/Yaoyorozu Momo
Midoriya Izuku/Uraraka Ochako
Kendou Itsuka/Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku/Usagiyama Rumi | Miruko
Midoriya Izuku/Shiozaki Ibara
Jirou Kyouka/Yaoyorozu Momo
Midoriya Inko/Yagi Toshinori | All Might

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma
loss of limb
Friendly Katsuki Bakugo
Powerful Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku Has a Quirk
Asexual Bakugou Katsuki
Death
Regret
Dabi is Todoroki Touya
Fluff
Harem
Bisexual Jirou Kyouka
Bisexual Yaoyorozu Momo
Bisexual Ashido Mina
Bi panic Jiro Kyoka
Christian girl isn't so christian later on
Midoriya Izuku Has One for All Quirk
Ibara corruption
Dragon Midoriya Izuku
Sleepy Cuddles
Izuku is Captain America basically
Dad Might
unwanted touching
Izuku and Kaminari meme a lot
Fake Dating
i own no music used
Rewrite of the original Captain Deku
Avengers Assemble - Freeform
Dadzawa

fandom: 
Hatsume Mei/Midoriya Izuku
Ashido Mina/Midoriya Izuku
Jirou Kyouka/Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku/Yaoyorozu Momo
Midoriya Izuku/Uraraka Ochako
Kendou Itsuka/Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku/Usagiyama Rumi | Miruko
Midoriya Izuku/Shiozaki Ibara
Jirou Kyouka/Yaoyorozu Momo
Midoriya Inko/Yagi Toshinori | All Might

