Chapter 1: The 14,000,606th Future
    


        Chapter by stuckystarker (sandean_cas)




Chapter Text
Peter lies on the floor, the occasional spasm pinning him in place. He can still feel the blows that put him there; lancing through his body. But in actuality, it hadn’t really been the blows. They were street level thugs, something that he could have easily dealt with just a few days ago.No, not days, he reminds himself, as he feels the dirt to his let become wet with his blood, years. Five years ago.In truth it was a memory that distracted him, rendering him a blubbering, inert ape. A punching bag for the thugs trying to rob the bank. It was the dust that triggered it, they flew it right into his mask, hoping to obscure his view. All it did though was toss him right back to that day. He watched the bug lady, the space man and the big tattooed man turn to dust. His main concern had been Tony. His eyes trained on him, waiting to see whether he too would disappear before his eyes.Strange had been next. One finger raised in a cryptic message; the one way they could still win this thing.Then for the briefest second it was just him and Mr Stark. He had seen the relief in the other man’s eyes. Only for his own relief, that he hadn’t been dusted to come crashing down. His spidey sense tingled – no it rioted within him – as the rot began to take hold. He felt it slowly, creeping up his legs, sending him crashing into Mr Stark, a stumbling incoherent mess who clutched at him and pleaded with him, begging for the impossible.He never expected his death of be quite to slow. So agonising. He could feel the individual cells die off, even as his body rushed to regenerate it. He felt himself turn to dust.That’s not something you just forget.He blinks against the barrage of memories, trying to force his body to heal. Karen is yammering away in his ear. But his head is too foggy to discern the meaning of the words. The robbers have escaped, that he’s sure of.Geeze, his lungs feel like they were shredded apart. Peter tries to raise himself onto his hands and knees, only for a sharp pain to bring him crashing down into the soggy dirt again.“I’m contacting Mr Stark.” Karen’s voice is suddenly as clear as a bell.Wheezing out, “Don’t.” doesn’t seem to dissuade her much.No way can he let Tony see him lying here pathetically. He’s an Avenger now, he needs to start acting like it. Avengers don’t get beat up by lower level criminals. They don’t have flashbacks in the middle of a mission. They don’t’ have to call their mentor because they can’t handle a cakewalk.Some super hero he is.Exhaling becomes harder, his lungs are clearly not on his side. Usually he feels as though his senses are dialled up to eleven, but at this moment? Peter thinks they might as well be at sixteen.…Tony pops his eyes open at the shrill chime. It’s F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s informal way of getting his attentions. His AI system knows fully well that he wasn’t sleeping.Sleep would mean peace. Sleep would mean rest. Sleep would mean reliving that moment over and over for an entire night.And billionaire, play-boy philanthropists just can’t handle that kind of emotional actualisation more than once in the same decade.But it doesn’t really matter. The inklings of it trickle in every time he blinks.
Mr Stark, I don’t feel so good. I don’t wanna go. Please, I don’t wanna go.

He sees Peter crumbling to dust. He sees Strange, giving up the time stone on a gamble. He sees Cap go down… Thor, Marvel. He sees Strange, holding up that one finger. This is what every effort over the past few weeks has cumulated into.

 He did it, he reminds himself. 

He saved the kid.

Tony finds himself, standing face to face with the mad Titan, Thanos. His aim, to get close enough to get one thing and one thing only.

Making the gauntlet and his suit from the same nanites meant that all of his Iron Man suits can sync with the gauntlet and transfer the stones across seamlessly. It wasn’t something that he thought of during the designing process but it now enables him to be the one in control. For a harrowing moment, he can feel the power of the infinity stones coursing through every atom of his being. He can taste it, feel it, breathe the power. Slowly the stones are overwhelming his atoms, one by one, forcing them into an eventual catastrophic failure.

Strange had it all planned out. From the start. This is how it was supposed to be. He lived so that he could die – save them all.

As Thanos does he spiel, he steadies himself against the power of the stones. 

“I am inevitable.” Thanos’ snap is like déjà vu.

Overwhelming sensations fire across his neurons then, almost forcing him to his knees. He raises his hand, outfitted with the stones, steeling himself.

There’s no way for him to do this and not die.

Suddenly, the energy beings drawing away from him… siphoning away into something… a new vessel. And for a moment he experiences true terror.

No one else on the field has a version of the nani
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Age Difference
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Feels
Precious Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Secret Identity
Secret Crush
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Peter Parker Has Issues
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Poor Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark-centric
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Tony Stark Lives
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Paparazzi
Identity Reveal
Slow Burn
Survivor Guilt
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
First Time
First Kiss
Crushes
Celebrity Crush
Fluff
Angst
Unrequited Love
Falling In Love
This Is Not Going To Go The Way You Think
Starker
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

