Chapter 1: the pound
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Jotun labor was a cornerstone of Aesir society. Most Jotnar—large and strong—were used for physical labor, hard work in the fields, in the mines, as indentured soldiers in other Aesir colonies. Through the centuries, though, it had become increasingly popular to breed Jotnar for other attributes. Jotun secondary sexual characteristics were appealing in many ways: the heat that came upon the omega breed, coupled with their submissive predisposition, made them perfect for sexual slavery. 

Of course, a Jotun could only be bred by another Jotun, so there was no fear of mixing blood. No mutts, no bastards, no troublesome pregnancies. It was an easy solution for the lusts that come upon Aesir men and women so easily. Indeed, ever since Jotnar sex slaves went to market in the reign of Bor, Aesir society had only improved and grown by leaps and bounds. Almost every household had a number of Jotun slaves. The alphas made good workers, and the omegas, good pets.

Thor Odinson has had a number of omegas in his care, all of them from the best pedigree, carefully trained and eager to please. They were even educated, a rare status for an omega, and could read and write and entertain Thor with music. As Crown Prince of Asgard, Thor could have his pick of any omega in the realm—of any omega in the Nine Realms and beyond. 

So when he decided to drop by a local pound one day, the rumors that flew through the court were shocked and scandalized. What could Thor Odinson want with abandoned or captured omegas? Everyone knew that pounds only had omegas with the worst breeding, those who acted out or were simply too broken to be of any use. It was scandalous.

But not as scandalous as the day Thor Odinson actually brought his new omega home. 

—

Days in the pound were marked by the sudden surge of lights overhead. The glaring, painful white lights shone over dank and cramped cages, filled with Jotun omegas. If the lights did not wake the omegas up, a blast of cold water did, sprayed directly into their cages by the handlers. The omegas at the pound were not allowed blankets or clothes or any personal items. They had one bowl attached to their cage, for hard and tasteless nutrient pellets. Water was hosed in twice a day, and they had no choice but to drink it from the spray or lick it from the cage floor. 

Loki had been in the pound for almost a month, abandoned by his previous master. He had spent about a year strapped into a breeding bench, kept in a dark basement and whored out to seedy clients. 

The pound was hardly better. The days were slow and torturous. Three times a week, they were let out for a walk around the cages, dragged along by their leashes whether they wanted to move or not. At night, the guards had their fill of whichever omegas they wanted. Loki was used to spreading his legs and taking it, but not all omegas were. Nights were filled with the sound of crying and wailing. The pound was heavy with the stench of miserable and frightened omegas.

The worst of it was when an omega went into heat and the guards didn’t fuck them. The begging and sobbing went on for days. Loki hadn’t been able to keep track of his heats, but he knew his would come one day. His previous masters had claimed him through his heat, or else sold his heats to the highest bidder, and Loki had never had to spend it alone. The idea terrified him. It was one thing to become so helpless that he begged to be taken—another thing to beg for it and not have his terrible, desperate need fulfilled. 

Every day, people would come and check the omegas, wandering through the cages and reading off the labels on the outside. Sometimes, they stuck their hands through the bars of Loki’s cage and pet him, or made him turn around and present himself for their fingers or cock. No one ever bought him, though, because Loki was defective: he could not talk.

His first master had told him that a slave’s place was to be silent. Loki had been punished terribly for any noise he made, and now nothing would come out of his throat, not a single sound, no matter how much he was ordered to speak or to beg. 

Loki knew that the longer he stayed in the pound, the closer he was to being put to sleep. 

Sometimes, he thought, he would even welcome it.

—

One day, there was a ruckus in the pound. Someone important was coming. Loki was too exhausted to uncurl himself from the corner of his cage. When the shadow of a large man came over him, he barely moved.

“Ah, my Prince, I don’t think you would be interested in this one,” someone said in a weedy voice. “He’s defective. Nonverbal. We have much better wares for you to—”

“What’s his name?” asked the shadow.

Something in Loki stirred. He’d never had anyone ask him for his name before. He looked up, wary, and saw that a man had slipped a hand through the bars of his cage. Shakily, Loki crawled over to kiss his fi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Jotun Loki
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Sexual Slavery
Dehumanization
Conditioning
Trauma
Master/Pet
Master/Slave
Past Abuse
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Hurt/Comfort
Hand Feeding
Praise Kink
Orgasm Denial
Sex Toys
Cockwarming
Power Imbalance
Horn Stimulation
Purring
Edging
Orgasm Control
Medical Examination
Original Character(s)
Group Sex
Loki and Thor Are Not Related (Marvel)
Dark Thor (Marvel)
Harems
Whump
Public Humiliation
Verbal Humiliation
Panic Attacks

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

