Work Text:
It's Saturday morning. Quite a nice Saturday morning, actually, in Erik's opinion. Charles was up early enough that Erik woke to eggs and bacon frying on the stove and coffee brewing on the counter. They have nothing planned for the day, and days with no agenda are the best kind, as far as Erik's concerned.There's breakfast and then a morning and afternoon of reading and terrible movies on basic cable. Erik's going to suggest going out for something to eat, when Charles phone rings."Could you get that?" Charles asks, not even lifting his head up from Erik's chest. Erik rolls his eyes and paws ineffectually at the end table, using his powers to nudge the phone a few inches closer until he can lift it. He glances at the display and groans."I shouldn't give this to you," he says, but then there's Charles in his mind."Emma!" he says, delighted, and raises his head enough to snatch the phone. He pushes himself up and, in the process, elbows Erik in the solar plexus as he cheerfully answers the call with, "Emma! Darling! I'm so happy you called!"Erik grumbles and sits up himself, leaning against Charles' back."Oh, that's wonderful," Charles says, leaning back against Erik. "No, no, I'd love to! And Erik--" He laughs and Erik's rather sure it's at his expense. "Well, he'll tolerate it," Charles says, tipping his head back onto Erik's shoulder. He smiles at Erik encouragingly. "Mm, no, because he loves me very much." He turns his head and presses his lips against the side of Erik's throat. "No, I know where it is. We'll see you at eight or so? Brilliant. See you soon, darling."He hangs up, grinning."We're going out for drinks with Emma tonight," he tells Erik, softening the inevitable with a quick kiss. "I know she doesn't thrill you, but she was my best friend when I was a boy and I'd like her back in my life. I promise I will do my best to keep it from being too excruciating."And there were so few good things about Charles' life back then that Erik can't help but allow it."Fine," he grumbles. "But we're not staying out long.""We'll be brief," Charles assures him with another kiss. "Thank you."***The bar Emma wants to meet them at is classier than the sort of places that Charles and Erik regular. Everything is sleek glass and chrome and even the tipsy people chatting at the bar are relatively quiet and civil. They find Emma at a secluded round table in the back corner. She raises a single, well manicured hand, and Charles unlaces his fingers from Erik's leaning down to embrace her tightly."Oh, Emma," he says."Charles, darling," she says. Her voice has the detached, cool cadence Erik's used to from working three obscenely long projects with her over the years, but he sees how tightly she clutches Charles. "I'm so happy to see you." They break apart and Emma glances at Erik over Charles' shoulder, raising an eyebrow. "Lehnsherr. Nice to see you as well."Erik grunts in response and takes the chair across from Emma, allowing Charles to sit next to her."Thanks for calling us," Charles says. "It was so good to see you at the picnic, Emma, and I was--well. I'm glad you're--I thought seeing you again might go differently.""Charles, you and Tony were the only people worth knowing for the first nineteen years of my life," Emma says. She reaches across the table to pat his hand. "It's not something I'd forget lightly, sugar."Something in Charles relaxes slightly. Erik has his arm across the back of Charles' chair and he can feel the minute shift of his muscles.Everything all right? he asks. He's careful to project it towards the lingering warmth at the edge of his mind, the presence that's always hovering there whenever he and Charles are together. He doesn't think that would stop Frost if she wanted to march into his mind and snatch it anyway, but it's better than tossing it out in the open where she could see it without even trying.Fine, Charles thinks back. It's just been a while.Let me know if you want to leave. And maybe that one is a little louder than Erik intended, because Emma glances at him and raises her eyebrows. Erik stares back, coolly.I'm fine, Charles assures him, and he looks fine, he sounds fine, so Erik leans back and shifts his thoughts to conductor materials and how much they can talk the firm into shelling out in order to get the job done right."So what are you up to now, Emma?" Charles asks, and Erik tunes out completely, relying on Charles to tap him back into the conversation if he begins to appear rude. Or. Well. Ruder than normal.Perhaps he should have at least kept one ear on the conversation, though, because it isn't until it's been stopped for several seconds that Erik notices the silence. He glances at Charles, but both he and Emma are staring at the bar where--oh.Where Tony fuckking Stark is waving and approaching the table.Several things become so clear that Erik feels like an idiot for not connecting the dots sooner. In the two weeks since learning Emma and Charles grew up together
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Established Relationship
Friendship
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

