Chapter 1: i.
    




Chapter Text
Captain America hates him.He was sort of expecting that, but to have the man staring down at him with unbelievable contempt, well, he’s not lying, it does sting.One moment, he’s blasting Loki into a well-earned sense of modesty, and then, Steve Rogers is facing him with that condemning smile on his face, saying that “you’re all about style, aren’t you?”To be fair, they’re both giving as good as they get, and Tony even leans into that steely edge of anger that he very rarely gets to channel and he’s telling Rogers that he’s a “wind-up monkey that wouldn’t understand individual thought if it bit him on the ass”, and then, Rogers is retorting that “I’ve known men worth ten of you with none of that”, and suddenly, time is freezing all around them.Tony curls his fingers around his right wrist, his thumb settling over where the words are written over his pulse point: James Buchanan Barnes.“Yeah, I know,” Tony says, quietly, and then, the entire laboratory is burning.
Tony is in the wormhole, and the Chitauri mothership is turning to flames in front of him, and strange, he hadn’t thought things would be able to burn in space, but if he focuses hard enough, the scent of scorched meat is burning his nose.And then, he’s falling, he’s falling, and for some reason, James Buchanan Barnes is the person he’s thinking of, when he falls.
When Tony walks up to the sound of the Hulk’s deafening roar, Steve Rogers is crying over his seemingly dead body. Tony can see the tear tracks all over his handsome, pale, dirt-smudged face.“Why are you crying?” he accuses, as he tries to sit up in the metal coffin that he’d thought would be a fun way to fight supervillains.Steve rubs at his eyes, furiously, his hair just as filthy and matted with sweat against his head.“I’m not crying,” he says, defensively.“You were crying,” Tony retorts. He looks around at Thor and the Hulk. “Please tell me that no one kissed me,” he tells them. He holds a hand to his heart. “I’m saving myself for marriage.”Steve snorts and helps him to his feet, albeit with a little stumble, and his body sways.Steve slings an arm around his waist, keeping him upright.“So, Loki?” Tony looks at the others, wearily.
After Loki is effectively imprisoned and gagged, and the others are resting in the parts of Tony’s penthouse that weren’t trashed by Loki and the Hulk’s intervention, Tony finds himself alone in front of the large window, as the sun begins to dip past the horizon, and the stars twinkling bleakly in the pink-orange sky.The city is completely trashed.Tony’s going to have to do something about that.“You know, we had skyscrapers back then. I just didn’t expect it to look like that.”Tony cracks a smile. “Did you ever make it up to the Empire State Building?”“No,” Steve says, shaking his head. “It was too far, honestly, and my ma, until she died, she had a thing about me crossing the bridge, because she thought it’d be too dangerous for me. ‘Cause, you know, I was so sick.”“Yeah, I can see that. No offence, but I’ve seen your file and pictures. I’m surprised you even made it to that tent at the Expo, honestly,” Tony muses.Steve grimaces. “You’ve seen photos.”“I’ve seen photos,” Tony admits. “Don’t worry, you were cute.”Steve snorts. “In what universe?”“In this universe, believe me,” Tony insists. “I would’ve gone out with you in an instant.” He pauses. “But I suppose that isn’t exactly a metric of your attractiveness because I go out with and sleep with everyone.”Steve’s face turns taut at the edges, just for a fleeting moment, but Tony catches the newfound tension in his reflection and wisely keeps his mouth shut on the topic of his promiscuity – Steve Rogers’ loyalty to Bucky Barnes is legendary, written into the fabric of this nation, and frankly, the man wouldn’t even be Captain America today, studied by everyone in elementary school, if he didn’t love Bucky Barnes; he can’t imagine it’s easy for him to be faced with his best friend’s soulmate being a total slut.“But yeah,” he says, awkwardly. “The sentiment still stands. You were hot.”“No one ever thought so back then,” Steve says, wistfully. “Plus, you know, it might have something to do with this-”He rolls up the sleeve of his shirt to show Tony his bare wrist.Tony had forgotten that Steve doesn’t have a soulmate.“They thought I was… wrong,” Steve says, like he’s confessing some dark, shameful, twisted thing.Considering how backward they used to be in the 1940s, Tony isn’t surprised that’s what they thought of him.“They didn’t know any better,” Tony reassures.Steve lifts an eyebrow. “So, what, things are better now? Is that what you’re trying to say?”“Oh, well, when my mother saw that my soulmate was a dead man, she didn’t react so well. My father, even unhappier than her,” Tony tells him.“What was she objecting to?” Steve asks, confused.“The fact that he was a man, oh, and him being a white man,” Tony drawls. “The only redeeming fact that your friend had was the fact that h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Non-Conventional Soulmate Relationships
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
Angst with a Happy Ending
Insecure Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Harlequin Novels as a Coping Mechanism

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

