Work Text:
"I think I've lost my game," Tony said.
There was a peal of laughter over the speakers in the workshop. 
Pepper was in Delhi, looking for angel investors to support a new spinoff of Stark Industries, and it was probably pretty late there. Maybe early? Tony didn't really do time zones. She was awake, anyway, JARVIS had said so, so he'd called her. And now she was laughing at him, the heartless harpy. 
"I blame you," he added peevishly. "If we were still together this wouldn't be an issue."
"No, it wouldn't, because I would have murdered you," Pepper said. "Tony, I love you endlessly, but we agreed -- "
"Boss or girlfriend, not both," Tony chimed in. "Whatever, Potts, I'm over you -- "
"Sure you are -- "
" -- I'm just saying, we were together for a record amount of time, for me, and in that time I appear to have lost my game. Your fault."
"Well, maybe. I could have jinxed you. But it's not like you had a lot while we were together, either."
Tony made a mock-outraged noise and spun across the room on his work stool, banging into Dummy and leaning over him to grab a socket wrench. 
"Do you know how long it's been since I've been laid?" he asked, scooting back to the bench. 
"Yes," she said. "I know everything about you."
"So you know that it's been two months. I have literally not had an orgasm in the presence of a living person since we ended it."
"With that kind of sweet talk, I'm shocked."
"Pep."
"If you're that desperate, hire someone."
"Please, I'm not desperate, I'm confused. I used to be good at this," he complained. "Now every time I think I'm about to seal the deal, it falls through. I'm using very trustworthy, well-tested techniques and suddenly they just don't work anymore."
"Maybe you need to brush up."
"Pepper, I was raised a salesman. I can sweet talk anyone into anything. It's still working in business, you know, I landed two new coders this week for you."
"Oooh, did you get Tim Cababa?"
"I did," Tony said, pleased over that little triumph.
"You can't see it but I'm fanning myself," Pepper replied. "It's not fair someone is that hot and that smart."
Tony chuckled. "You're going to have to admire from afar, Pep. Pretty sure he's gay."
"What, was it on his resume?"
"He didn't stare at Natasha's boobs." 
"You don't stare at Natasha's boobs."
"Exposure immunity, also she terrifies me. Besides, he was flirting with me," Tony continued, adjusting the tension on one of his gauntlets gently. 
"And you didn't take advantage of the recruiting couch? You are losing your game."
"I tried. I was even ethical about it. I told him he had the job and had him sign and everything, and then I was like, hey, you want to get dinner to celebrate? My treat."
"And?"
"He suddenly had to call his parents and tell them the good news, and he just wandered off," Tony said forlornly.
"You wouldn't normally let that happen."
"Well, I wasn't going to, but by then Cap was there with burgers, so." Tony flexed his hand in the gauntlet, shook his head, took his hand out, and threw the whole thing into the Still Not Right pile. 
"Have you considered the idea that your sex drive may be diminishing? Normally if given a choice between burgers and sex..."
"That's not fair, I love hamburgers. I am true to hamburgers. Anyway, how many people get to eat hamburgers with Captain America?"
"You. At least once a week."
"Hush with your logic. My sex drive is fine. My right hand's getting cramped, is all."
Pepper laughed. "Build yourself a machine, Tony."
"Watch out, I might."
"Okay, I have to go. Good luck in getting your groove back. Try again with Tim. You two would make the most beautiful babies."
"I'll get right on that. G'night, Ms. Potts."
"Goodnight, Mr. Stark," she answered, and there was a soft chime to end the call. 
"Who are you making beautiful babies with?" Steve asked, from the doorway. Tony jerked his head up and turned, startled. 
"How long have you been there?" he asked accusingly.
"Right from try again with Tim," Steve said. He had take-out bags in his hands. "Who's Tim?"
"Cababa -- the one I was interviewing when you brought burgers the other day? Brilliant coder. Thought I might have started something up with him, but he bailed. Maybe he was just nervous. Give me food," Tony finished, and Steve smiled indulgently and set the take-out bags on the table, unpacking them. 
"Wasn't he about twelve?" Steve asked.
"Twenty-four. I wasn't actually looking to make babies with him."
"Good, because you may encounter some biological difficulties there," Steve said, passing Tony a tray of warm lasagne. 
"Did they teach you about where babies come from in the forties?" Tony asked, accepting a plastic fork and stuffing his mouth with pasta. 
"No, but everyone in the oughts seems determined to share," Steve said, straight-faced, and Tony choked on his food, trying not to laugh. 
"No joking while I'm swallowing," he said, and Steve narrowed his eyes.
"Kid wasn't your type, anyhow, he seemed flighty," Steve said. 
"He wasn't flighty, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dating
Possessive Behavior
Drunkenness

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

