Chapter 1: We can do better
    


Notes:
Wtf am I doing. WTF AM I DOING?!Alright, I'm gonna be candid. I am very fond of the cinematic universe.  I've been reading up in the comics to broaden such horizons. I'm a big collector of the DC Batman universe. That's a while OTHER thing though.Anyways, I've read tons of fics with various ships involving Iron Man with any number of other characters. But hoo...boy howdy did I fall in love with these facial hair bros. Many fics in this particular ship. I suggest Sunrise in Exile, and the Amor Vicit Omina series. Top notch. Slayed my little fan girl soul. Woke me up and I was like wtf even is Stony in comparison to IRONSTRANGE?! Very rare for me to actually pic an OTP to stan. But here we are.I'm very diligent when it comes to my research, so I want to be upfront ahead of time. I'm blending MCU and comics to create the universe I'm building here. I want to change things I didn't like in IW and Endgame. Not to knock those movies, excellent for the universe we've seen. But this is different, this is a universe where they've already lost. And Stephen decides he can do better. I welcome commentary and discussion. But I will not tolerate hate, this is a creative space, and these are my ideas.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
"Stop." Stephen groaned painfully. His sharp gaze locked onto the Mad Titan as he sat Tony Stark, Iron man, down on a low rock almost respectfully. That giant gold covered fist leveled at the smartest man in their universe. Four glowing stones started to rise in color, a taunt at how futile their attempt to stop him here was. Stephen had to stop this.He couldn't believe that the fight they'd put up was for nothing. It was done, everything was coming apart. This was nothing close to the vision of a victory Stephen had already seen through the Time Stone. Fourteen million six hundred and five universes he had witnessed. Only one victory. The parameters of that victory demanded sacrifice; he'd been prepared to take the necessary steps.Only a scant few inches had doomed them all. Stephen stared into the eyes of Thanos, not looking away, showing no weakness. Thought that was all he felt, that and failure. But nothing mattered now, nothing save what he had to do next. Stephen shifted his gaze to the location of Stark's wound. The blade made from Stark's own nanobot armor was stabbed high, buried between ribs rather than below them. Blood poured from the wound, even as the suits nanobots fought to stem the injury.Stephen's medical mind never turned off, and he knew with only a glance, that Stark's wound was fatal. From the quantity of blood pouring down his broken and fractured armor, Stark had been stabbed most likely in the spleen or near it. That was arterial blood overflowing from the wound. There was no sealing that injury, no surviving it. This meant abject failure to Stephen's plan. Without Tony Stark their whole universe was lost. This battle was over, they couldn't survive what was to come without him. Stephen's mind had been racing over the visions he had seen, fragments of things that could change this moment. Things that needed to happen, and things that didn't need to happen. Another part of his mind had been racing over spell work, blending all of his gathered knowledge in this universe with the knowledge accumulated by fourteen million versions of himself. In his visions of the multiverse, he'd lived millions of lifetimes and absorbed all of it. He only had one shot at this new last-ditch plan."Spare his life-," Stephen growled out seriously. He glared and shifted where he lay. He planted one hand on the ground and gritted his teeth at the pain his damaged nerves communicated to him. That was fine, at this moment the pain was a constant he needed. The end was here, and his fear sat like frostbite deep in his stomach, "And I will give you the stone."He ignored Stark's horrified eyes. The mixture of terror and fury blended in his dying gaze. "No tricks?" Thanos asked and flexed his fingers on that infernal gauntlet.Stephen shook his head, knowing this universe was doomed. It was a cold thing he was about to do. A cruel thing to decide in a moment. Stark would be furious, but he was a genius. He would see this chance for what it was. He would undo the terrible fate they had been dealt. Simply by not being stabbed in the right place as another Tony Stark had in the universe that survived this Mad Titan."Don't-!" Stark coughed blood as he protested. His body convulsed slowly, but he forced his eyes to stay on Stephen. They begged him not to give up the stone. Begged him not to destroy their universe. Stephen wished it wasn't so. He desperately wished he had more time. But this was all they had. This risky, foolish, disaster of a chance he was going to give them. By the Vishanti he was a bastard for what he was going to do. Stephen struggled to his feet with the Cloaks help. He let it control mo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Reincarnation
Rebirth
Fix-It of Sorts
Time Travel
Butterfly Effect
Canon - Comics
Canon Compliant
Not Canon Compliant
Complicated Relationships
Do-Over
Eventual Relationships
Slow Burn
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Howard Stark's Good Parenting
Friendship
so much cute
Male Bonding
LMAO
Mentions of Racism
Roommates
Angst
Donna lives
jazz hands
real talks
First Kiss
Matter of Life and Death
Self-Sacrifice
Good Dad Howard Stark
THE BEST
Canonical Character Death
we can't have everything
even if we want to
the smut is here
Slow burn no longer slow
Donna is best sister
Vic is a shit
World Shattering Concepts of Reality
Stephen makes the rules.
Bc he's Sorcerer Supreme
even when he's not
Supportive Tony Stark
supportive Stephen
Smut
Finally at MCU MOVIES

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

