Chapter 1: The New CEO
    


Summary:

"Everyone has an opinion on how long it takes to recover from a breakup..." ―Ted Mosby, How I Met Your Mother.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

 Present-day, October, New York: 
“Pete, where are you, kid?”Anthony Edward Stark clutched his phone to his ear as he paced in a tight circle while inside one of the art galleries in Brooklyn. He had just arrived in New York earlier that morning to meet with the to-be-appointed new CEO of his company, but the meeting was scheduled at ten and he figured he had enough time to swing by one of the art galleries to buy his new CEO a welcome present – because, yes, he could be that generous, especially when his headhunter had told him that his new CEO was definitely a sight for sore eyes. It was no secret that Tony Stark had always been a playboy, he never really made any effort to deny that fact, but he believed he outgrew that phase already (although still, he loved to flirt) and that he was so much more than that. He was, after all, a very doting father to his fourteen-year-old son, Peter.“I’m at the office, Dad. I’m starting my internship today, or have you forgotten? Aren’t you supposed to be here anyway? Don’t you have a new CEO coming in today?” Peter fired his questions one after the other and Tony always found it amusing rather than irritating. It was a miracle the kid never ran out of air whenever he did that.“Yeah, I just arrived in New York this morning. I’m meeting Ms. New CEO at ten. You wanna go out for lunch after?” Tony asked as he contemplated a Jackson Pollock he had his eye on.“Ms. New CEO?” Peter chuckled on the other end. “Dad, please tell me you at least read her file. What’s her name?”“Kid, I am so disappointed you had to ask,” Tony laughed as he motioned to an art gallery assistant for help. “Of course, I did not read the file. All I needed to know is that she’s more than qualified and she’ll be very good at this job. I haven’t seen a photo but I was also told she’s a stunner.”“Yeah, Dad, good luck with that,” then after a beat, Peter added, “And please be on your best behavior.”“Hey, your old man’s a gentleman. In fact, I’m getting her a welcome present as we speak. See you later, kiddo.”“Bye, Dad,” Peter said from the other end. “Don’t forget our lunch.”Tony grinned as he ended the call. He really could not help but sometimes wonder how Peter turned out to be so good and polite, even if he had to raise him alone. Who would have thought Tony Stark could raise such a sweet young boy.He flashed his most charming smile at the assistant waiting on him, “I’ll get the Jackson Pollock,” and motioned for Happy, his friend and bodyguard, to take the painting to the car.---- --- ----The drive to the Stark Industries New York headquarters was pretty uneventful. Although traffic was quite heavy, it was the city’s norm. Tony Stark arrived at his office at half-past ten, thirty minutes late but still early by his standards. He pushed through the conference room doors and waltzed in like he owned the place (well, he did own the place actually), charming as ever, with Happy at his heels, carrying the canvas.“I apologize for being late, New York traffic is terrible as usual, but I come bearing gifts for my new CEO…”He stopped in his tracks when he saw who the new CEO was. He smiled at her, not the megawatt smile he reserved for reporters and cameras, but a genuine one, the kind that reached his eyes. He was quick to recover though.“My, my, if it’s not Ms. Virginia Potts,” he said offering his hand as he approached the new CEO. “You look so good, Pepper,” which he quickly amended when she raised an eyebrow. “What I meant to say was, it’s good to see you. Although what I said is also true, you do look good.”Virginia Potts, ever the consummate professional, politely smiled at him and shook his hand. God, he could not take his eyes off of her. She looked as immaculate as ever – strawberry blonde hair in a neat chignon style, iridescent blue eyes, white skirt suit accentuating her form in all the right places, very petite hands (no wedding band nor engagement ring, he noted), and legs for days highlighted by four-inch stiletto heels. She looked just as good as he remembered her, if not better. Not to sound inappropriate or anything, but he could just stare at her the whole day. Fifteen years, it took almost fifteen years before he saw her again, and he honestly thought the day would never come. And yet, here she was in front of him, and he realized his feelings for her never waned.His thoughts were interrupted when Mrs. Arbogast, her assistant, broke the tension in the room. “So you, two, already know each other, Mr. Stark?”“Pepper and I go way back―”“Mr. Stark is an old acquaintance―”“Mr. Stark?” he asked as he made air quotes to emphasize his point. “You wound me, Pepper. Why so formal? You were so used to calling me Tony… among other things.” He smirked before motioning
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Aldrich Killian/Pepper Potts
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pepperony - Freeform
Slow Burn
Drama & Romance
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Parent Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Irondad
Pepper Potts Feels
Tony Stark Angst
Uncle James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark Feels
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes Friendship
Drama
Angst
Romance
Grief/Mourning
Breaking Up & Making Up
Maria Stark's Good Parenting
Minor Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Peter Stark - Freeform
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Domestic Fluff
Angst and Feels
Teen Peter Parker
father and son angst
Jealous Tony Stark
Family Drama
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Mother-Son Relationship
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Pregnant Pepper Potts
Tony & Pepper are a mess
But still Pepperony
Insecure Tony Stark

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Aldrich Killian/Pepper Potts
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Tony Stark

