Chapter 1: You've Got A Lot of Nerve Coming 'Round Here
    




Chapter Text


 Tony was upside down on the couch. It was just his way, Steve knew, but he still thought it was weird. It didn't mean Steve loved him any less, of course. On the contrary, his adoration was deepened by Tony's little quirks. He was so unashamedly himself that it was hard not to love him. Steve admired him. He admired him and he loved him with every single fiber of his being. But he still judged him a little, sometimes. "Comfy there, Tony?" Steve asked, bent over with his head tilted so he could look at Tony the right way. Tony looked up at him with a wide, cheeky grin. His legs, stretched up the back of the couch with the knees bent over the top, kicked up and down comically, "Very!" Chuckling, Steve stood up straight and tapped a box in his hands, "Fury sent this. It's from the Smithsonian." Tony picked his head up at that, watching as Steve sat next to him, "Oh, yeah?" He made no move to right his body. Steve had to remind himself oftentimes that that man he loved, while an absolutely brilliant engineer, genius, and billionaire, was actually an adult. It was adorable, his quirks and personality - though he would never say that to Tony's face - but yes, he was indeed a real adult. A superhero. A visionary futurist. And 100% out of his mind. Which was one of the many reasons he had fallen in love with him to begin with. "Yeah," Steve said, patting Tony's stomach and causing the genius to wiggle and laugh. "Stop that!" With a squeak, Tony batted Steve's hand away and protectively placed his own over his rather ticklish tummy. Which was, of course, just one more thing to endear Steve to him. Who would guess that Tony Stark was ticklish? "Sure you want me to stop?" he teased, tucking his palm flat under Tony's hand and on his stomach. He inched up under his t-shirt. In answer, Tony just smirked and scooted his legs further apart, no longer bothered by the tickling. Steve jiggled the box with his other hand, "Or I should just open this up." "You could open me up!" Snorting, Steve sent a harassed look at Tony, "Didn't we do that this morning?" Tony's arms flailed out to the side, one smacking down on Steve's upper thigh, and his head fell back against the bottom of the couch, "That was hours ago." "Aren't you the least bit curious?" Tony was quiet for a moment, his inquisitive nature warring with his lust. "Ah, fuck," he relented, squirming around in an attempt to right himself on the couch. Steve looked down at him, a fond and amused expression on his face. He honestly wouldn't change a thing about Tony Stark, not one single thing. "Need some help?" "I got it-Ack!" Tony could be so graceful. It was natural, and Steve envied it. The way he flew in the suit, how he walked without it, he was like a sleek cat. And sometimes, like any cat owner could tell you, he was a mess. His legs flopped over, and he rolled off the couch, landing flat on his side at Steve's feet in an undignified heap. He looked up sheepishly. "10/10 would fall again." "I mean, while you're down there…" "You're hilarious," Tony complained, sitting up and climbing onto the couch to sit next to Steve, right side up. He smiled devilishly, startling Steve with a yell, "What's in the box?!" Steve jumped and glared, "Tony!" But Tony wasn't done. The next yell came out sounding hysterical; no one could say Tony Stark couldn't act. 
"WHAT'S IN THE BOX?!"
 "What in God's name are you doing?" Tony grabbed Steve's upper arms and shook him, "What's in the booox?!" He punctuated each of the elongated vowels of the last word with a shake. Steve had no idea what Tony was doing, but just watching had him in a full body laugh, head thrown back and stomach hurting with the gusto of it, "Tony!" Releasing him, Tony snatched the package, "Gimme!" Steve let him. It wasn't like he could ever say no to Tony, not with things like this anyway. Tearing it open, Tony plucked out a plastic bag and ripped off the top, dumping what was inside into his hand. "A pin?" It was small, circular, with a pallet knife and a paintbrush crossed in the middle. Around the outside it said Artist Club - George Washington High School.  "Hey!" Steve started with a pleased look, "That's my old pin!" Tony gave him a confused look and Steve explained, "I was part of the art club, one of the only things I could do." Tony's face softened, "I love your art." "Thanks," Steve spoke softly, reaching out to take the pin, but he changed direction, noticing a laminated sheet of paper that was also in the box, and picked that up instead. "It's a letter," he said, reading quietly, "it's from your father!" He could see Tony's eyes darkening and let the hand closest to Tony rest on his leg in comfort as he read aloud. "'To whom it may concern, should I pass before Captain Steve Rogers is found, please see to it that this pin is returned to him. Whether alive or dead, it belongs with him. Signed, Howard A.W. Stark.' Huh." "Seems an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Angst
Good Boyfriend Steve Rogers
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Feels
Angst and Humor
Non-Explicit Sex
Humor
Team as Family
Family Drama
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Clint Barton & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Not Canon Compliant
Redeemed Howard Stark
Angst with a Happy Ending
One chapter contains more detailed sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

