Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony had four good reasons to not go back to New York, and they were all waiting for him at the airport. Steve smiled first, because he was the type to always smile first—to which Tony had no choice but to smile back, because that was what would make everyone the most comfortable—and frankly, after a five hour flight, Tony wasn’t ready to make this more awkward than it had to be.Tony let Pepper give him a hug, a quick peck on the cheek, which was a genuinely sweet gesture—really, Tony would have been an idiot if he hadn’t seen it coming, but when Pepper pulled away, Tony found it was more difficult to maintain the pleasant smile on his face.“You look ready for a nap,” Natasha commented. Thank God, she was the only one who wasn’t being absolutely hunky-dory about the whole situation. Good old Natasha. Tony could at least count that much of her, even if she was engaged to Tony’s ex-wife.“More like a drink,” Tony replied, only half-joking. But again, good old Natasha, she smirked, dispelling the brief tightness in the air that gathered between the small group. “Alright,” he said, clapping his hands together. “Who’s helping me unpack first?”--After being in California for nearly six months, Tony actually missed New York. He used to always complain about New York when he actually lived there—about the crowds, the dirty pigeons, the pollution, the crazy work schedule. But the palm trees and the juice bars of California got old after just a few weeks, and now Tony was mostly glad to be back.Mostly.He could probably do without the fact that both of his ex-somethings were getting married. And he was invited to both weddings. It wasn’t that Tony still actually had feelings left over from them: no, he’d move past that point after month two in California. But there was still something undeniably odd about looking at Steve and Pepper and thinking, ah, they were moving on with their lives. Both of them. At the same time.Tony figured he should have expected Pepper to move on first—it had been years since they had gotten married, divorced. They had settled their relationship about a year before Tony moved out for California, about a year after Tony had started dating Steve. They had moved from awkward meetings between lawyers and themselves to more relaxed nights talking shit about office workers, drinking wine after a particularly long work week. Tony had listened to Pepper complain about the latest men or women she had dated—listened with a bemused smirk because he knew that at one point, he had probably been the subject of those very same complaints (and he was glad that he was no longer included in said complaints).And Natasha would be with them sometimes, and she’d be smirking into her wine glass too, and now that Tony actually thought about it, he figured he should have seen them coming, too.Steve had been different. They had known each other since freshman year of college: Steve had been the golden boy who Tony had laughed about with Rhodey. By the middle of freshman year, Steve had become a regular at Tony’s dorm. Things had been good. They had dated after the divorce, and for a blissful year, Tony felt as though he was living a different life completely. Really good. Sleepy mornings. Steve’s hand resting on Tony’s back. Tony coming back from work and sinking right into Steve’s side after a long, exhausting day. But good things didn’t last forever—and of course, they had ended a little more messily than Tony had with Pepper. There were some more fights, some more tears. A lot of Natasha standing in the middle, because she had been a part of their main friend group in college. Until finally, Tony and Steve both waved the white flags. And now Steve was getting married to his childhood friend Bucky in a week.  “So,” Steve said now, pushing one of the boxes into Tony’s apartment, “how was California?”“Good,” Tony replied. “Sunny. Beachy.”“Met any Hollywood stars?”“Of course,” Tony deadpanned. “I’ve got Brad Pitt’s number right in my phone. Want it?”“No thanks,” Steve laughed.“Oh, that’s a relief,” Bucky said, coming in with another box. He grinned at Tony. “I was about to say that it’s a bit too early to start that. Right?”“You’re right,” Tony replied. “Bucky, why don’t you have Brad’s number instead?”At that, Bucky let out a bark of a laugh—that was really the only way to describe it, a bark, but a cheerful one. He only walked out to get another box, leaving Tony and Steve to continue unpacking.Another complication about the upcoming weddings: it would be so much easier to feel a bit daunted and frustrated if both Pepper and Steve’s current partners hadn’t been so nice. Bucky was the kind of person who baked bread and went on sunset strolls and could also pick up people like they were dolls. And of course, Tony knew Natasha well enough to know that he couldn’t possibly hate her.And besides, looking at Steve gazing wistfully out the door to where Bucky had just been, and hearing Pepper’s laug
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Neighbors
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Past Abuse
Past Quentin Beck/Peter Parker - Freeform
Sexual Tension
Explicit Sexual Content
(in coming chapters at least)
Mutual Pining
Falling In Love
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

