Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Cap.  Barnes.  Check in.”“We’re making progress.” Steve clocks a Hydra guard with his shield as he answers Natasha on his communicator. “We’ve had a batch of hostiles, but nowhere near as many as I expected.  Bucky?”“I’m good,” Bucky calls from a few feet away, two handguns out and ready, “We’re definitely dealing with a skeleton crew.”“Well Hydra has downsized since you were last here,” Natasha notes dryly.  Bucky grins as he takes out the guards at the top of the next stairwell.  Steve sees the grimace there and keeps close to his partner as they descend to the next floor.It has been two good years since Bucky broke through the worst of Hydra’s programming, but despite having enough of the big picture to handle the day-to-day, the details were still coming back to him one poisonous splinter at a time.  So when Bucky nudges Steve awake at three in the morning, pale and shaky with only one word on his lips (“Detroit”), Steve puts a call in to Fury and gets the green light for an op.  It’s a trade-off that they use when it suits them.  Steve and Bucky get access to what remains of Fury’s connections and in exchange they grab whatever intelligence they can for the slowly rebuilding SHIELD.  It’s good for when they don’t feel like calling Stark and making a song and dance out of everything.An hour after Steve makes the call Natasha lands the quinjet on their roof and by the time the sun rises in the mid-West Steve and Bucky are already underground with a body count in the low dozens. They’ve left Natasha a few floors above them to crack the data mainframe of this Hydra research facility masquerading as an abandoned factory.  They’re nearly through to the third underground level when she crackles in Steve’s ear again.“You are probably not gonna like this.”Steve blocks a hail of gunfire, angling his shield to ricochet the bullets back to their senders.“Care to elaborate?” he huffs, kicking a desk so it slams into a cluster of Hydra agents and sends them tumbling back down the stairwell they had just emerged from.“I’m in their primary database,” Natasha continues, “Looking at the detailed genetic profiles of two people.  Criminally detailed.”“Whose DNA?” Steve asks, taking out a scientist trying to attack Bucky from behind.“Two guesses.”“Mine,” Bucky assumes, using momentum from Steve’s hit to throw his attacker over his shoulder.  The man hits a filing cabinet and falls still.  “Who else would they-shit.”“Yes.  One file is yours, with records for genetic material taken from the Winter Soldier on three different occasions.  The other set of samples is from Steven Grant Rogers.”“What?” Steve exclaims.  Why would they-“This entire facility was dedicated to replicating the original Erskine serum,” Natasha summarizes, “Hydra developed and applied a modified formula for James, but once you were back in the picture they must have started trying for the original again.”“But I was never with Hydra,” Steve objects, “How would they get my-““SHIELD was Hydra,” Natasha reminds him, “How many ‘tests’ did they take blood for when they defrosted you?”“They had me in the labs twice a week for the first month I was out,” Steve remembers, and blanches when he realizes the implications, “They even took bone marrow.  It hurt like hell.”“Jesus,” Bucky swears over the comms, dispatching the last grunt with extra venom, “Two years and they’re still takin’ what ain’t fucking theirs.”“You don’t think they’d-““What’s one way to replicate a super-soldier serum?” Natasha asks rhetorically.  They follow the fallen Hydra agents down the stairs, dispatching any still conscious. “Replicate the super-soldier.”The next door looms in front of them.  A graphic “4” is stenciled across his face.“You’re approaching the lower-most level,” Nat warns them, “If there’s any actual attempts at duplicating either of you, it’ll be inside.”It’s locked, but that’s no barrier to Bucky’s arm or Steve’s shield.  Steve wedges his shield against the door handle while Bucky’ digs his fingers into the slim gap, ready to rip the door out of its frame when Steve breaks the lock.“You ready?” Bucky asks.  His face is tight with anger, but his mouth betrays his apprehension.  Steve grips the back of Bucky’s neck with his free hand.“Whatever’s in there,” Steve promises, “We deal with it together.  Alright?”Bucky’s grin is small, but significant for him.  He presses a kiss to the corner of Steve’s mouth.“Deal,” he says, then his expression closes as Steve pops the lock and Bucky tears the door of its hinges.  Steve leads the way, shield first.They step onto cement floors, and their eyes adjust to weak greenish light that they’ve learned is typical of the more underground Hydra facilities.  It’s chill and damp, and their footsteps echo in the deep space.  Steve peeks out from behind his shield, cautious after the welcome they received upstairs. The lab is empty.  A few metal office chairs spin idly in front of a long bank of computers, recently vac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Kid Fic
cloning
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Steve Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

