Chapter 1: Home Sweet Home
    




Chapter Text
Darcy readjusts the sunglasses on the crook of her nose as she steps outside, squinting through the crappy quality nonetheless. Her hair is a mess of curls atop her head, her headphones dangle loosely around her neck, and she feels like a pack-mule with her over-stuffed duffel bags draped across her shoulders. Above her, the roar of a jet engine deafens out any other sounds as it takes off from the LAX tarmac behind her. Home sweet home. She can hear the frantic beeping of Jane’s car long before it comes into view. Darcy smiles as she teeters on the edge of the curb, watching as Jane weaves in and out of the airport traffic. When she pulls up beside Darcy, the car behind her is flipping her off. “Oh, suck it!” Darcy yells out to the driver, giving him her own one-finger salute as he pulls out and away. Jane rushes around the car, slamming her door closed, and almost tackles Darcy to the ground in a fierce hug, “Darce!” Darcy stumbles back a bit, the luggage she’s carrying threatening to topple her over to either side. She laughs at Jane’s embrace, hugging her best friend back with equal excitement, “Guess who’s back, baby!” “You have no idea how good it is to see you,” Jane says, pulling apart and offering to take some of Darcy’s bags. She pops the trunk and starts stuffing the luggage away. “How was graduation?”“Eh, it was good,” Darcy says nonchalantly, finishing loading the car with Jane and then sliding into the passenger seat, “I mean, I’m almost twenty-four. So finally finishing college just felt like more of a massive relief than anything. No doubt mom and pops feel the same.”Jane revs up her old and trusty green Honda again, pulling back out into traffic and away from the airport, “Hey, it’s different for everyone.”Darcy shoots Jane a look that she misses, as she’s too focused on the road, “Easy for you to say, Miss ‘I got my degree in under four years and an instant job offer from NASA upon graduation’.”Jane blushes modestly, “Oh come on, I haven’t seen you in over a year and you’re already pulling this card again? I just…it’s something I’d always known I wanted. I worked hard for it. And got lucky. Not to say that you…I mean…”Jane starts to backtrack in a panic, but Darcy only laughs, putting her hand on Jane’s shoulder, “Dude, chill. I’m just giving you a hard time. Yeah, yeah, I know, I bounced around a lot with my major and wasted time: poli-sci, education, journalism." She counts them out on her fingers. "Even though I finally got a degree in marketing, I still have no frickin’ clue what I want to do with my life.” Jane looks over to Darcy with a sympathetic smile, “You’ll figure it out. At least your mom and dad are letting you stay with them until you find a job, right?”Darcy groans, stretching back into her seat and kicking her black converse up on the dashboard, “That’s just the cherry on top - get out of the house for college and then head right back in. I talked to my mom on the phone the other week, and the room and board comes with a catch. She’s making me get a summer job until I find my ‘career’.” Darcy puts as much disgusted, mocking emphasis into the last word as she can. “Oh, come on, that’s not so bad,” Jane says, trying to soften the situation, “Actually, it’s a pretty good idea. You can save up some money while you job hunt, at least. Know where you want to work yet?”Darcy groans again, this time a little softer, “Nah. Somewhere exciting. I don’t want to be stuck in some stuffy office all day, you know?” Jane taps her fingers on the steering wheel, “What about your uncle?” Darcy laughs, a barking sound that fills the car, “Don’t get me wrong, I absolutely love my uncle. But working for him would be the epitome of office-type work, especially at an entry-level job, trust me. And even he wouldn’t be stupid enough to trust a recent college grad with anything higher than that in his company.” “But I bet the pay is amazing,” Jane counters, weighing one hand in the air, “And it’s a guaranteed job with him being family and all. He’s going to be at your grad party tomorrow night, right? You should ask him.”Darcy just shrugs, wanting to change the subject. The prospect of the future scares her, for sure. But the longer she dwells on it, the more anxious she becomes. She leans over, pressing the stereo on. She flips casually through a few of Jane’s preset stations, not really paying attention to the music.“Wait, keep it here!” Jane says, throwing out her hand to keep Darcy from changing the song. The first notes of a bass guitar waft out of the speakers, and Jane hums along in unison, “I love this song!” The song in question was one that Darcy loved and recognized, too. Hell, the entire world would recognize it. That iconic bass guitar, followed by the steady rhythm of a drum march. Like Coldplay circa-early 2000s and the Black Keys married and had a musical baby. This song in particular had been popular back when both Jane and Darcy were i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Jane Eyre(ish) AU
Non-superhero AU
Loki and Thor are musicians
Jane and Darcy are BFFs
Uncle Tony Stark
Language
Slow Burn
Eventual Smut
pop culture references
Recreational drug usage
slight mention of alcohol abuse
Mention of Character Death

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

