Chapter 1: Directory & About the Archive
    


        Chapter by cantabile_l, HaniTrash, the1918




Chapter Text

 Archive Directory 
Chapter 1: Directory & About the ArchiveChapter 2: Sugar Daddy Bucky x Twunk Steve (Story by the1918)Chapter 3: Daddy Steve x Baby Bucky (Story by howdoyousleep)Chapter 4: Biker Steve x Twink Bucky (Story by bigbraiiin)Chapter 5: Service Top Steve x Happy Slut Bucky + Retirement (Story by the1918)Chapter 6: Bottom Sebastian x Top Chris + Rough Sex (Story by musette22)Chapter 7: Top Skinny Steve x Bottom Beefy Bucky (Story by howdoyousleep)Chapter 8: Pre-War Steve x Bucky (Story by HaniTrash)Chapter 9: Top Beefy Bucky x Bottom Twink Steve (Story by TrekChik)Chapter 10: Boss Bucky x Office Worker Steve (Story by TrekChik)Chapter 11: Shrunkyclunks (Cap Steve x Modern Bucky) (Story by TrekChik)Chapter 12: Professor Steve x Grad Student Bucky (Story Excerpts by HaniTrash)Chapter 13: Protective Bucky x Bottom Steve (Story Excerpts by musette22)Chapter 14: Canon Steve x Bucky + Poolside (Story by TrekChik)Chapter 15: Canon Steve x Bucky + Car Sex (Story by TrekChik)Chapter 16: Modern Steve x Bucky + Massage (Story by TrekChik for Bucky Barnes Bingo 2020)Chapter 17: Modern Steve x Bucky + Aftercare (Story by TrekChik for Bucky Barnes Bingo 2020)Chapter 18: Post-Civil War Steve x Bucky + Wakanda (Story by HaniTrash)Chapter 19: Modern Daddy Bucky x Steve (Story by TrekChik)
More to be announced...
  
 About the Archive 

What is the Stucky Porn Look-Alikes Archive?
The Stucky Porn Look-Alikes Archive is a curated fan collection started by @the1918 and @cantabile-l for the purpose of gathering non-fanart erotic and pornagraphic images that have been identified by Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes (a.k.a. “Stucky”) shippers as containing “porn look-alikes”, and then archiving the collection in a safe, centralized location (i.e. Ao3). In other words, the Archive is a collection of sexually-explicit images and gifs with models/performers that resemble Steve Rogers, Bucky Barnes, fanon AU versions of the pairing, or the actors in the MCU that portray them.
Why Was the Archive Started?
In the past, “NSFW” Tumblr blogs such as @SteveBuckyPornLookalikes made it easy for interested fans to find these images; however, after The Great Penis Purge of 2018, pornographic content is no longer allowed on Tumblr. The Archivists have spent many hours searching the internet to recover and collect images previously posted on those blogs (and have found some new goodies along the way). 
...So, It’s Just Porn?
Yes… and no. Porn look-alikes serve as Very Important “smut-spiration” for both fanfiction writers and readers, not unlike a fan-made playlist or a mood board. The Archive is organized as a curated collection, in which each “chapter” is based on a single Stucky theme/trope and contains a writing drabble or snippet from a contributing fanfic author to accompany a collection of related NSFW images. Think of it as a collection of highly explicit mood boards for all your favorite Stucky pairings.
We need your help!
The Archivists are doing their best scraping existing gifs catalogued in past Ao3 works and purged Tumblr posts backed up through the Wayback Machine. However, the continued expansion of this collection depends on our fellow fans just like you. If you would like to contribute gifs or pictures saved in your personal collection, you may submit them through Tumblr. Read about how to do so  here. We appreciate all possible help and contributions! 
Legal Stuff
First, please note that the curators and contributors for the Archive do not own any of the images shown, and we have received no payment whatsoever for being involved in this project. If you are a content owner (i.e. photographer or producer) or the creator of an image you see in the archive, please contact us to discuss crediting.Second, we are in  no way  suggesting that the people shown in the images actually are the actors that portray these characters in films; to the best of our knowledge, they are only models/actors that coincidentally resemble them. Third, the Archive will not accept images known to contain children/underage individuals, rape/non-consensual sex, incest, abuse, or “revenge porn”. These real-life concepts are immoral, illegal, and do not represent the values of the Stucky fandom. All content submissions should be consistent with the  Ao3 Terms of Service .
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Chris Evans/Sebastian Stan

freeform: 
NSFW Gifs/Pictures
Porn
Porn Mood Board
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Blowjobs
Throat Fucking
Daddy Kink
Sugar Daddy
twink steve
baby bucky
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Size Difference
Light Dom/sub
Sub Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
biker steve
Barebacking
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Service Top
Rimming
Felching
Dirty Talk
Top Chris Evans
Bottom Sebastian Stan
Rough Sex
Subspace
top space
Light Bondage
Skinny Steve Rogers
Beefy Bucky Barnes
Pre-World War II Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Mentions of anal fisting
Anal Plug
Butt Plugs
Office Sex
Alternate Universe - Office
Shrunkyclunks
Alternate Universe - College/University
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Shower Sex
Pool Sex
Car Sex
Massage
Aftercare
daddy bucky barnes
daddy Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
But also
depending on the chapter

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Chris Evans/Sebastian Stan

