Chapter 1: JohnDave 1-Top!John
    


Summary:

Dave gets a new experiance.



Notes:
Word of warning; I'm not a Homestuck fan. This was done for my BFF who loves JohnDave.These two bbz can be as old as you want them to. There's no ages specified and that means they can be as young or old as you want :D

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Each touch was a spark of pleasure but it burnt like fuck. Dave whimpered slightly as he felt the blunt head of John's cock push into him. He'd had three, four of John's fingers inside him before this but it was still too much and he inhaled, curling his hands in the pillowcase as John stilled to let him get used to the feeling. Only when he was filled to the brim of John's dick did he let out the breath he'd been holding in which eased the burn but not enough. He felt a soft kiss being pressed to the side of his neck and there were words floating from John's mouth but the blond couldn't hear them properly over the sound of his heartbeat in his ears, he had no idea how John could handle this. Against what he though would happen, Dave started to like it and he tried rocking his hips to get John to move. The move of John's cock inside him was...pleasurable enough but John was getting most of the stimulation. At least until the head of John's dick hit Dave's prostate and holycrap that was the best feeling, like, ever because a huge zing of pleasure coursed through his body and made him moan loudly. The noise only drew on for longer when John wrapped his hand around Dave's dick and started stroking. It didn't take long before Dave shot his load across his chest and that made John try that little bit harder to get himself over the edge. When he did reach that peak, he pulled out of Dave softly and added his cum to the mess already on his boyfriend's chest and stomach.




Notes:

If you want to read a certain ship or thing or kink or whatever, just comment and I will try and do it as soon as I can.Flames help me cook my food.Hope ya enjoyed :)
[starting tags]
relationship: 
John Egbert/Dave Strider
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Gabriel/Sam Winchester
Jake English/Dirk Strider
Dean Winchester/Sam Winchester
Loki/Thor
Stiles Stilinski/Jackson Whittemore
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Isaac Lahey/Scott McCall
Jessica Moore/Sam Winchester (mentioned)
Danny Mahealani/Jackson Whitmore (Mentioned)
Clark Kent/Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Bottom!Dave
top!John
First Time Topping
Cas is a kinky angel
Established Relationship
Oral Sex
Blindfolds
Kinky
Rimming
Crossdressing
Crossdressing Stiles Stilinski
Stiles is actually quiet during sex
Underage Sex
Topping from the Bottom
Hair-pulling
I Love Gabriel
Sam's Hair
He likes his hair being pulled
Cocky Gabe
Sex Toys
Vibrators
Wincest - Freeform
Sibling Incest
Season/Series 01
Implied/Referenced Underage Sex
I blame John
Dirty Talk
Butt Plugs
Light BDSM
Bondage
Spanking
Rulers are useful as well
Dom!John Egbert
Aftercare
Jealousy
Possessive Behavior
Kinda sibling incest?
Rough Sex
Loki Does What He Wants
Semi clothed sex
Daddy Kink
Jackson is a douche
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Father/Son Incest
Name-Calling
Punishment
Begging
Teasing
Dean is a nice daddy
But he can be a tough daddy as well
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
When Steve Rogers swears a fairy dies
When Steve Rogers gets laid an eagle is born
Explains why they're endangered
Anal
Anal Sex
Bottom!Slutty!Jackson
Blackmail sex?
Semi-Public Sex
Loud Sex
Biting
kinky af
Alpha Scott
Adorable Isaac
Daddy Issues
The Author isn't in the Homestuck Fandom
Teacher-Student Relationship
Alternate Universe - High School
Still legal though
at least on the consent side of it
Facials
that's all my dirkjake done
enjoy the smut
The author thinks that her opinion is wanted
She is wrong
Adultery
Batcave
How Do I Tag

fandom: 
John Egbert/Dave Strider
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Gabriel/Sam Winchester
Jake English/Dirk Strider
Dean Winchester/Sam Winchester
Loki/Thor
Stiles Stilinski/Jackson Whittemore
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Isaac Lahey/Scott McCall
Jessica Moore/Sam Winchester (mentioned)
Danny Mahealani/Jackson Whitmore (Mentioned)
Clark Kent/Bruce Wayne

