Chapter 1: Wanda
    


Summary:

***Trigger warning for violence and dark thoughts***



Notes:
Friday release date as promised! This series has been a labor of love! Thank you all for your amazing comments and following along. Originally, this fic was supposed to end after Lost, but your support has inspired me to add more! A special shout out to my frequent commentators, your comments have inspired so much of this story and have pushed me through some rough bouts of writer's block! Please enjoy!!As always, feedback and welcome and appreciated!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
            I watch in horror as Secretary Ross saunters forward. The knife in his hand glints under the single fluorescent bulb that buzzes overhead. It is the only source light in the dank cement basement. Natasha’s head hang limply, her arms and legs bound to a steel chair. From this angle, I can see her back dripping, crimson rivers running from the lashes. Ross smiles at me over his shoulder before turning back to her, the knife moving quickly.
            “No!” I yelp, trying to rush forward. Electricity courses through me and I fall to the ground. My body convulses, and despite my desperate clawing, the collar remains in place. The Doctor steps forward, clucking in disappointment.
            “You never learn, do you?”
            “I killed you, I know I killed you,” I mean to sound strong, angry, but instead my voice is a whimper.
            “You can’t kill Hydra, you silly girl.” He lifts me up by the straitjacket, my arms bound. “This is your fault, witch, all of it.” Ross cuts away her bloody tank top, then proceeds to dig the knife into the fading scar that the Winter Soldier left her. Even though the pain must be excruciating, she doesn’t react. She doesn’t even have the strength to lift her head. Ross gives the knife one final twist before pulling it out. Blood pours from the wound like a spigot. He cuts the bonds on her wrists and ankles, but she makes no move to flee.
            “Run! Please, you can escape!” I plead.
            Ross pulls her up by her blood-soaked hair. Her eyes meet mine, begging for me to end it. The blade reappears, going towards her neck.
            “No! Please don’t, please! Take me instead!” With a fluid motion, the knife drags across her throat and she crumbles unceremoniously to the ground. I try to pull my arms away from my sides, “Let me go! I can save her! Let me go!” I thrash, trying to pull away. “You can’t kill her!” I cry.
            “We didn’t. You did.” They reply in unison.
            “No!” I scream, watching the blood pool around her head. Natasha’s once bright green eyes are dull and faded, staring blankly at me. “No!” My heart shatters.
            “Little Witch,” a voice whispers, “It’s okay, you’re okay.”
            “No! They killed her, it’s all my fault,” I thrash, squeezing my eyes shut, trying to free myself from the contraption.
            When I open my eyes and look down, I see it is a pair of arms constraining me, not a straitjacket.
            “Wanda, it’s okay,” the soothing voice continues.
            “No!” I writhe, shrieking,
            “You’re safe, we’re in the apartment. In your bedroom. Everything is okay.” I turn my head, seeing my consoler’s face. Her bright red hair fails over her shoulder, tickling my nose.      
            “Nat?”
            “Right here, and you’re okay. Everything is okay.”
            “No, they killed you,” I feel tears begin to flow down my face. “This isn’t real.”
            “Look around, we are in your room,” I shake my head, “Tell me five things you see.”
            “The closet, my desk,” I reply cautiously.
            “Keep going, Little Witch.”
            “The window, my TV,” I tilt my head back, “Stars.” The glow in the dark stars that Natasha and I stuck onto the ceiling when we moved in. It felt so real, it couldn’t have been fake. I have trouble getting in air.
            “Deep breaths, Wanda. You’re doing a good job,” she soothes, brushing my hair away from my face, “Now four things you can feel,”
            “My t-shirt,” I pull the sleeves over my hands, “the sheets, my sweat.” I lean back, my anxiety beginning to shrink, “You.”
            “Three things you can hear?” For a moment, all I can hear are my own thoughts, pushing doubt. Deep breaths.
            “The air conditioning, traffic, your heartbeat.”
            “Two things you can smell,”
            “Laundry detergent, lotion.”
            “One thing you can taste?”
            “Blood,” I murmur. My cheeks are raw. She presses a glass of water into my hands. I take it and swish. After I spit back into the glass, Natasha gently lays me onto my side, rubbing my back. Each breath I take shutters as I recover from my sobbing. She rubs my back rhythmically. I begin to fall asleep, only to be startled awake by my body jolting.
            “It’s okay, I’m right here. I’m not going anywhere,” she sooth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Lila Barton & Natasha Romanov
Cooper Barton & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Lila Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Mother-Daughter Relationship
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Deaf Clint Barton
Natasha Romanov Feels
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
Hurt Wanda Maximoff
POV Wanda Maximoff
POV Natasha Romanov
Minor Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Awesome Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Kid Wanda Maximoff
Domestic Avengers
Injury Recovery
Missions Gone Wrong
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Recovery
Natasha Romanov-centric
Hurt Natasha Romanov
Amputee Wanda Maximoff
Clint Barton's Farm
Therapist Sam Wilson
Burns
Depression
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Separation Anxiety
Abandonment Issues
Wanda Maximoff Has Abandonment Issues
Social Anxiety
Agoraphobia
Panic Attacks
Avengers Family
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
BAMF Wanda Maximoff
not Bucky Friendly
Body Dysmorphic Disorder
Pyrophobia
Emotional/Psychological Abuse

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Lila Barton & Natasha Romanov
Cooper Barton & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff & Avengers Team
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Lila Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Wanda Maximoff

