Chapter 1: Silent Language
    




Chapter Text
It started three months after his son was born.Tony had been terrified of being a father, at first. It had been a one- night stand with a drunken blonde woman whose name he could barely remember, and she had turned around and used the condom to impregnate herself (which, eww) to try and get money from Tony. The case had fallen through, especially when she was arrested for illegal drug use and driving under the influence. She’d had the baby, and now she was serving five years in prison.Tony had shown up at the hospital after the kid was born to sign the birth certificate and talk to the girl’s lawyer about giving the baby up for adoption. The doctor had asked at one point if he wanted to see the baby, and Tony had hesitantly agreed.The boy was… perfect. He already had a mess of thick, curling hair on his head, and he was small and wrinkled and pink and so perfect.“I want one,” he murmured when Pepper stepped around him to peer into the crib.Pepper smiled. “You’ve got one. Tell the lawyer to kindly piss off and take your son home.”So he did.The baby laughed up at him the whole ride home. Tony wiggled a finger in front of his face and smiled when the baby reached up and batted at his hand.“Have you thought of a name yet, sir?” Happy asked.Tony shrugged. “I’ve always liked the name Peter.”At first, Peter was perfectly healthy. He laughed, he cried, he slept in ridiculous quantities and ate anything he could get his hands on. Tony found it odd sometimes that he wouldn’t react if someone dropped something nearby or made a loud, sudden noise, but the doctors told him it was possible he was just a very calm baby.However, by the time he was three months old he wasn’t making the noises he was supposed to. Tony had read every parental book known to mankind, every book on child development and stages of speech and learning. He decided that if he was going to do this, he was going to go all in. But Peter wasn’t doing what he was supposed to, wasn’t making the sounds he was supposed to make.Tony took him to a doctor and waited while they performed test after test, for three hours straight. Peter never fussed, except for when they had to take him away from Tony every so often. When he was with Tony, he just played with a little toy bear Tony had gotten him, giggling loudly.The doctor had come in, taken off his glasses, and smiled in Peter’s direction while he gave Tony the news.“We think Peter has a hearing impairment.”It was impossible to know so soon how bad it was, but the doctors guessed that at least 70% of his hearing was gone, and that he had been born that way. One doctor said it was because his mother had been taking drugs while she was still pregnant. Another suggested that she might have a family history of deafness. No one really knew for sure what had caused it, but the fact remained that Peter was almost totally deaf.It changed everything for Tony. He locked himself away in the workshop for three days, asking Pepper to watch Peter while he worked. When he emerged, he’d invented a program that JARVIS could run that would teach him sign language, and developed a prototype hearing aid to magnify any sounds Peter couldn’t hear. Tony learned sign language within a week and started teaching Peter immediately, using it whenever he could. Peter watched with fascination, apparently delighted that his father was waving his hands so much more than before.Tony was afraid it wasn’t working, was afraid that Peter wasn’t getting it, until Peter was four and a half months old. He was sitting up by then, so Tony put him on the rug and knelt until Peter could see his hands.“Hungry?” he asked, making the sign along with it. Peter stared up at him, and Tony tried again.Peter giggled and made the sign back to Tony, then put his fingers together in front of his mouth. The sign for ‘eat’. Tony considered it his first words.After that, Peter caught on to sign language almost immediately. He learned ‘yes’ and ‘no’, and ‘food’ and ‘hello’. He would point to objects in the room and wait until Tony signed them, then would imitate the sign with clumsy fingers.Once he opened his palm and tapped his thumb to his forehead, making a clumsy ‘daddy’, and Tony almost cried.Peter was deaf, but he was also incredibly smart. He picked up the signs almost immediately, and learned how to react to sounds even if he couldn’t hear them. When Tony dropped a cup in his line of vision, Peter would step back and giggle once it clattered to the floor. He would stare at the TV, even if he had no idea what was going on, and would laugh or cry based on what show Tony put on. Tony started putting on subtitles, and by the time Peter was 18 months old he could already read at a pre- k level. He would mouth along with the words on the screen, acting out for himself what was happening.For a while, Peter wore his hearing aids without complaint. Tony made dozens of new models, determined to create the perfect hearing a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Superfamily
Superhusbands
Kid Fic
Kid Peter Parker
Domestic Avengers
Deaf Character
(trust me it's gonna be real cute)
(rated mature for later sex scenes)
Family Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Fluff and Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tiny amount of Spideypool at the end

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

