Chapter 1



Notes:
June 2021 - I am currently in the process of editing the story to fit with the story canon created with the prequel and upcoming one-shots and to catch some remaining spelling and grammar errors. The changes are small, hardly noticeable, but I want the stories to flow smoothly. Welcome!I've noticed in the year since I posted With Great Power that I seem to gain one or two kudos for the story every couple days. It's amazing to me that new people are joining the story and series even now. Thank you so much for giving my story a try. If you are so inclined, please leave a comment so I can thank you in person.




Chapter Text
Peter blinked up at Captain Marvel, who had landed in front of him. He was hugging the gauntlet to his chest, protecting it with his body as if that could help. He was so far out of his depth that he felt like he was drowning, but he was pretty sure he wasn’t the only one. Everyone here, even the Avengers, were just as lost as him, he thought. This was the craziest thing that had ever happened to him.He looked up at her, trying to engage his mind to speak. She gave him a small smile, a sweet one, the kind Liz had given him once.“Hi. I'm Peter Parker.”She smiled again, but the urgency in her eyes became more intense. “Hey, Peter Parker. You got something for me?”Peter started to push himself to his feet, on the point of handing over the gauntlet and freeing himself of the responsibility of holding it, and then he stopped. His mind flipped back to a conversation he had once on one of the most amazing and mortifying days of his life. Iron Man himself had sat in Peter’s bedroom—his messy and small bedroom, God, Peter, why don’t you ever clean up—looking at him like he was someone that mattered.
“When you can do the things that I can, but you don't... and then the bad things happen... they happen because of you." 
He looked at the gauntlet, feeling its weight and power as if it was thrumming through his veins, and then he felt a wave of calm that was totally foreign to him. He didn’t think of the danger he was in or what Tony would call his sheer stupidity. For the first time in his life, he knew he was doing the absolute right thing.It was like an out-of-body experience. He slid the gauntlet onto his arm, cold and heavy but also oddly right. It seemed to shrink, sealing itself against his skin as he lifted his hand.Captain Marvel reached for him, shock in her eyes, and he heard a bellow echoing to him through the chaos of the battlefield. “Don’t you dare, kid!”“Sorry, Mr. Stark, I gotta,” he mumbled.He stared at his hand, the gems over his knuckles, then took a breath and snapped his fingers.There was a scream unlike anything he’d ever heard in his life; it was inhuman. Only when his head started to swim from lack of air did he realize it was him making that sound.Weird, he thought. It doesn’t even hurt that…Then the pain came. He felt like he was on fire, his skin blistering, scorching, peeling away from his skin to expose nerves and muscles that then burned away until he felt nothing.He fell back and was vaguely aware of Captain Marvel being blasted away from him by a wave of colored light that spread from him like a nuclear blast. Absolute silence fell then, broken only by a quiet voice that he’d never heard before; it was British, precise, and oddly neutral. 
“He is worthy.”
He felt his lips move in a whisper, though he had no lips anymore, they had burned away. “I’m worthy?”There was a sigh, and then he felt nothing at all. The pain was gone, sounds and sights were gone. For the first time since he had been bitten by the spider, since Spider-Man was created, he wasn’t overwhelmed by everything around him.It was the greatest relief.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Peter Parker Snaps
Sentient Infinity Stone
Endgame Fix-It
Fix-It
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Team as Family
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Thoughts That Could Be Perceived As Suicidal
Thaddeus Ross is an asshole
Peter Is Still Vulnerable Though Powerful
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Mind Control
evil thaddeus ross
Self-Sacrifice
Brainwashing
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

