Chapter 1: Escape
    




Chapter Text

✨✨✨
 A lecherous grip on Loki’s ass was the harsh reminder that almost all of his days started out the same. The kiss to the scent gland on his neck was everything but gentle and affirming, yet… he’d learned by now to not recoil from his touch. He didn’t want to be hit or choked this morning for refusing his husband's affection. “You look as radiant as the sun, my dear.” Murmured Svadilfari, kissing Loki's neck again.  Loki went lax in his husband's hold, praying the same prayer that he prayed every morning; that this would all be over quickly. If he did what Svadilfari wanted, the alpha would leave him alone for the day, allowing him to spend time with their son. If he was bad, though… Loki didn’t want to think about what would happen. Instead, he turned in Svadilfari’s arms, looking up at his husband and waiting for him to continue. Svadilfari grinned at him licentiously then, reaching out to caress his cheek. “Looks like someone is eager to be fucked this morning.” Loki didn’t respond, and instead closed his eyes when Svadilfari kissed him, returning his kiss in the way he’d learned his husband liked best. As always, Svadilfari didn’t care about preparation or foreplay, and was already settling himself on top of Loki, rutting against him. Loki had gotten used to the pain over the years - he’d been married to the alpha for 5 years now -  and spread himself, so numb by this point that he didn’t even grimace or cringe when the alpha roughly pushed his way into him, his scent pungent and overwhelming in Loki’s nostrils. Loki often went into his head when Svadilfari fucked him, and this time was no different. It never felt good, and it always left him feeling disgusting and worthless at the end of it. His husband was always so rough, and once it was over he was left sore and covered in the scent that he hated most. He was just thankful that Svadilfari demanded he use birth control; the alpha had over a dozen children and didn’t want anymore. Sleipnir had been a “happy” surprise, and after he was born Svadilfari made it  very  clear that he didn’t want any more surprises.  After finishing in him, Svadilfari pulled out and grunted, sitting up on the side of the bed. “Where do you want to go today?” Svadilfari allowed him to leave the mansion that they lived in once a month, and he could only go to places that the alpha deemed “acceptable”. He usually tried to choose a park that Sleipnir could play at, so that the child could experience some aspects of being a normal kid. “I… I was hoping that I could take Sleipnir to the park today.” Snorting, Svadilfari looked over his shoulder, shooting Loki an amused look. “Why do you care so much about that little boy? You’re the only wife I have that cares this much about their child.” Loki had learned in the past that this was a rhetorical question, and he bit a lower lip, looking away. His husband grinned darkly then, a smug look on his face. “Who do you love more? Me or him?” “You, Husband.” Lied Loki, looking up at the alpha and trying to place all the pretend truth and conviction that he could muster, in his voice. “And I always will.” “Damn right.” Answered Svadilfari, standing up and heading to his closet. “You can go to the park.” Nodding quickly, Loki stood up from the bed, thanking his husband before grabbing his robe and slipping into it. He wasn’t allowed to go anywhere without his bodyguards, so he waited patiently for them to enter the room after Svadilfari called for them, turning away when they finally came into the bedroom. Svadilfari was a very jealous man, and he hated when anyone that wasn’t him spoke to Loki; including their son. Loki wasn’t allowed to speak to his bodyguards - or  anyone  for that matter - unless absolutely necessary, and even then Svadilfari got upset. Anyone that spoke to him needed to receive permission from Svadilfari, and many people in this organization had lost their lives speaking to Loki without Svadilfari’s permission. Loki  hated  this aspect of his life, always feeling so trapped and alone. Luckily, he wouldn’t have to deal with that anymore. At least… he wouldn’t have to if things went as he planned, today. Making his way over to Svadilfari, Loki thanked him once more and kissed him goodbye, telling him that he loved him. If he didn’t, the alpha would’ve gotten upset, and then all of Loki’s careful planning would have been wasted.  And he couldn’t let that happen. Following his bodyguards out of Svadilfari’s room, Loki made his way through the vast mansion, his heart pounding with excitement when he finally reached his room. He was only allowed to be here with his son when Svadilfari didn’t want him by his side - the alpha had a plethora of wives, and wasn’t always with Loki - and thanked the Norns that the alpha had given him permission to take Sleipnir to the park today. Opening the door, Loki looked around at his room, immediately spotting his son. The little boy was curled up on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Mafia AU
Alternate Universe - Mob
Guns
Blood and Violence
Illegal Activities
Mpreg
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Thor
Omega Loki
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
Trust Issues
Possessive Thor
Smut
Fluff and Angst
Protective Loki
Past Drug Use
Falling In Love
Darker/Edgier Thor
ALL Of The Abuse Is In The Past!
Thor Would NEVER Hurt Loki!
Murder
Sleipnir Gets Better Guys
Sleipnir Learns to Trust Thor

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor

