Work Text:

Sixteen-year-old Gwen Stacy knew that her body was going to be totally destroyed in the brutal rape that was to come, and she no longer cared. She 

hoped

 for it, even. And the feelings driving her to this strange and dark conclusion had come upon her so gradually that they had taken hold before she even realized the change. 

Gwen had felt the need stirring inside her for months; as a girl pulled from her own dimension, the nagging feeling that something was somehow out of place had been a constant thrum in the background of her efforts to resume her normal life. Something about the way the other students at Brooklyn Visions Academy talked about her; and the way her superhero alter-ego, Spider-Girl, was portrayed in the media and in online forums that followed her exploits, was different from her home dimension of Earth-65. The collective subconscious of the world at large seemed to have a nasty edge, and as she investigated more and returned to her crime-fighting duties, she overturned more ugliness that seemed to seep into her very being.




Her spider senses tingled more and more and with each passing day as she revealed the strange darkness not just of her new dimension’s criminals, but her peers. It was disturbingly common for her to overhear off-color conversations about her in the halls and behind whispered hands in her classes. Even her conversations with Miles Morales - more distractions that anything - had been unable to quell the rush of other remarks that had perked her ears. The other girls thought she was ‘stuck up’, ‘a bitch’, and openly talked about how her frequent unexplained absences from school (on superhero business) were the result of some lewd sexual arrangement.


She fucks all sorts of college guys. Janet is in her biology class, and she says…



Of course she doesn’t get in trouble for her attendance. I was walking past Mister Phillips’ office and I saw a shadow of her head bobbing in his lap - she’s totally blowing him!



She looks like just the type, doesn’t she? What a whore!


This had happened on Earth-65 too, to an extent - Gwen had often said that she didn’t ‘do friends’ and was just fine without the approval of others - but somehow the base nature of the accusations affected her in a way they hadn’t before. A lack of faith in the good-nature of people germinated inside her; the nagging feeling that she was wasting time trying to save people who were vicious and nasty. They talked at such unnatural length about how she was a cock-sucking slut so often, spreading those sick rumors, that a part of her had started to wonder if it wasn’t true.

She should have known, even at the first inkling of change, that something was unnatural about how it was making her feel. By the time she realized something was wrong, it was too late.

In terms of gossip, the guys were even worse than the girls. Students at her school talked about how she had an 

amazing ass

 and how much they’d like to grab two handfuls of her gymast-level rump and just squeeze those juicy ass-mounds as much as they liked. One day, after a hamfisted pickup attempt and Gwen rolling her eyes and moving along, she overheard the spurned party ask ‘What’s that big-butt bitch’s fucking problem, anyway?”




“She’s not sitting on my face, 

that’s

 her problem!” piped up his neckbearded friend, and they all shared a laugh as she turned the corner. Gwen had blushed deeply and felt her cheeks burning with a mixture of embarrassment and anger… and also something else, something totally unfamiliar. A voice, tiny at the time, that said: 

They’re right

. A voice so small she couldn’t even admit it had entered her mind. Always self-confident and assured, she wrote it off as an aberration.

Gwen had never had any problem getting constant attention for her beauty and physique. Jumping from building to building in a white, web-patterned catsuit meant that pictures of her contorted, athletically-gifted form were plentiful online and in the news media. To add to the package, she had piercing blue eyes, sandy blonde hair which she dyed blonde when she felt like it, and had recently adopted a sleek side-shave after a hair-related mishap at school with Miles’ burgeoning powers. Though still growing, her legs had already reached something like full perfection - they unfolded long and graceful from her svelte hips, providing the power needed for agile jumps… and the associated thighs and ass that gave her admirers plenty of heart palpitations.




Her favored stance (and one often used by any to carry the responsibility that came with being bitten by a radioactive spider and moving on to fight crime) was a squatting, spread-kneed crouch that allowed her to build up power for her next leap; and it was impossible not to notice her amazing butt and sexy thighs when she was in such a position. The suit - so skin-tight that the fact she wore no underwear was common knowledge, for no panty-lines could be detected - was like an 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Physical Abuse
Verbal Abuse
Masochism
Degradation
Humiliation
Public Humiliation
Lolicon
teen
Vomit
Watersports
piss drinking
Gangbang
Gang Rape
rimjob
Face-Farting
Cum belly
Cum Inflation
hyper cock
Huge balls
Excessive Semen
Electrocution
Anal Sex
Vaginal Sex
Huge penetration
Mind Break
Hypnosis (Kinda)
Biting
Bruises
Irrumatio
Creampie
Fisting

fandom: 
None
