Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Tony Stark was not a happy scout. Not at all. He was still hurting, still undergoing physical therapy, still dealing with both nightmares and the public backlash of the so called Civil War when he had received the news from the UN Council that the rouge Avengers had been pardoned and that they will be returning stateside in a matter of days. He was glad he at least was warned beforehand instead of it just being dropped in his lap like a certain SHIELD secrety-secret pirate would have done and then patronized him that it was the best way, considering Tony's 'character (flaws)'. Councilmember Ross was at least decent enough to do him that one courtesy, if nothing else.Tony was expected to go back to being their, for the lack of a better description, sugar daddy as soon as they landed, providing housing, finances, food, equipment and whatever else they might need, starting with the Avengers Compound. That was fine, they could have the place if they wanted it so bad. Tony had moved out a few weeks ago, anyway, relocating to the once again rechristened Stark Tower as his place of residence. He was a well known public figure and the only Avenger people still weren't afraid or distrusting of, since he had always been quite frank with them, especially after Afghanistan. They knew he was as human as them, just as flawed with just as many weaknesses as them and they were content with that knowledge. He'd even been approached a few times by mothers or kids or random men and women, thanking him for protecting them and telling him they felt safe knowing he was just a few blocks away from wherever they lived. The transfer of Iron Man back into New York had even helped SI's stocks, as Pepper had praised him just a couple of days after his move. That was always a plus, making life easier for her and the poor, poor brilliant bastards that worked in their PR team. He resolved to up their paycheck by a couple of zeros. God knows they deserved it.He had stocked the frigs back at the Compound and had the place cleaned, just to play along with the UN's wishes - T'Challa had gone through a lot of trouble and Tony recognized an almost worthy opponent in the bullshitting field, because that was what this was; the rouges deserved far worse than jail, let alone the life of luxury T'Challa had been providing them with and was now trying to dump them in but fed by Tony's pocket - but he didn't do anything other than that. Contrary to what they, Team Cap and T'Challa seem to think, Tony and SI were under no obligation to provide anything for the Avengers. Not even when he had been a consultant for SHIELD had Tony been under any sort of obligation to provide them with weapons and equipment. He had chosen to do so himself, thinking the Avengers Initiative was an ideal worth standing behind.In the end, the rouges were right. The Civil War was all Tony's fault. He had given them everything, protected them from the public and the government and the press alike and that had led to them all but ignoring the consequences of their own actions. Their fight at the airport in Germany more than proved it, even if you do ignore the whole bringing bridges down on innocent civilians on the highway or the resisting arrest and assaulting policemen when they tried to take Bucky in. He should have left them to fight their own battles long ago. Let them see that the biggest threat out there was not some evil bad guy with an army or superpowers or even a murderous robot. It was the press and their words. It was the people they were defending, the public. Because if the public is unhappy, the heroes will not be heroes at all, as Team Cap was no doubt learning by now. They're criminals. Terrorists, even, in certain countries and Tony is so done with defending them. Let them reap what they sew.Going against 117 nations tends to make one the bad guy.They thought they could pull a Tony Stark? That they could tell the politicians to fuck off because they won't share the most dangerous and advanced piece of tech this side of the Milky Way? They're obviously more stupid than he thought them to be. Iron Man was a patented SI, no Tony Stark idea, design and product. You can't take away a man's private property without needing to go to court about it and, as if SI and Tony himself didn't have a perfect legal department, Tony himself was a beast in the court room. Natasha might be a dangerous person to go up against, if she were to go around revealing her spy secrets and twisting words out of context, but Tony can play her game just as easily.But the point wasn't about court rooms that the rouges will never see because of T'Challa's influence, nor was it about even the housing and financial concerns. Those will be their concerns soon enough. Tony had done as much as was asked of him. Each one of them has a thousand dollars in their accounts, will have a roof over their heads, the standard gear - no more customized, specialized equipment for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Stephen Strange & Wong
Stephen Strange & Cloak of Levitation
Tony Stark & Cloak of Levitation
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Victor Von Doom
Nebula & Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Thor
Stephen Strange & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Thor
Bruce Banner & Loki
Bruce Banner & Brunnhilde | Valkyrie
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Past Relationships - Relationship
Tony Stark & Infinity Stones
Harley Keener & Kamala Khan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Kamala Khan & Tony Stark
Dante Pertuz & Kamala Khan & Tony Stark
Dante Pertuz Tony Stark
Cooper Barton & Lila Barton & Nathaniel Pietro Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Canon Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Somewhat Avenges: Infinity War Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark and Stephen Strange get shit done
Infinity Gems
anger management issues
And it's not just Bruce
Civil War Team Iron Man
Fuck you cap
fuck thanos
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Fix-It
Character Death
Canonical Character Death
Temporary Character Death
The Snap Happens
It gets fixed
Everybody Lives
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Fuck Cannon
Justice
Justice Is Served
Eventual Romance
Eventual Happy Ending
Eventual Relationships
Reunited and It Feels So Good
I Ship It
Exactly What It Says on the Tin
but better
So much better
Avenger: Endgame what is that?
Vision is done with Avengers' bullshit
Wong is worried about the multiverse
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Awesome Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
BAMF Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
BAMF FRIDAY
There Was No Other Way
I am Iron Man
Spoilers
The Infinity Stones have personality
They get to choos
They chose
not team Cap friendly
Some redemption here and there
For those who deserve it
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Stephen Strange
Comic Book Science
Bullshitting it as best as we can
I Don't Even Know
The Author Regrets Nothing
I Will Go Down With This Ship
How Do I Tag
I Tried
Protective FRIDAY
Magic
Extremis Tony Stark
Ghosts
Sort Of
Dimensions
Science
Magic and Science
They're all basically just winging it
Except Stephen
He watched Endgame 14 000 605 times
Steve Rogers Fucked Up
What else is new?
Don't Like Don't Read
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Stephen Strange
Doctor mode
Don't even try to resist
it's for your own good
Near Death
Don't scare us like that Stark!
team cap are assholes
Steve Rogers shouldn't be allowed to make big decisions
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Angst
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Family
Team as Family
Avengers Family
New Avengers
Acords are revised and fixed
Tony Stark learns magic
Tony Stark as temporary sorcerer supreme
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro
Stephen Strange Is The Sorcerer Supreme
The Time Stone Ships It
The Cloak Ships It
Cameo or just mentions of certain characters
I LOVE Logan (Movie)
Had to give him life fuck that sad ending
Pining
Never liked Cap but Civil War ruined him for me completely
It's not a cape it's a fucking CLOAK
Kamar-Taj (Marvel)
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Team Cap bashing
Team Crap (TM)
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Kids love Tony
Doom is only mentioned but he still causes trouble
Mutants
Inhumans (Marvel)
X-men - Freeform
The Brotherhood - Freeform

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Stephen Strange & Wong
Stephen Strange & Cloak of Levitation
Tony Stark & Cloak of Levitation
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Victor Von Doom
Nebula & Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Thor
Stephen Strange & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Thor
Bruce Banner & Loki
Bruce Banner & Brunnhilde | Valkyrie
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Past Relationships - Relationship
Tony Stark & Infinity Stones
Harley Keener & Kamala Khan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Kamala Khan & Tony Stark
Dante Pertuz & Kamala Khan & Tony Stark
Dante Pertuz Tony Stark
Cooper Barton & Lila Barton & Nathaniel Pietro Barton & Tony Stark

