Chapter 1: Between Us
    


Summary:

Steve begins to shift the dynamics of his relationship with Abigail.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peggy was gone.
After a year of constant bickering and failed attempts to make marriage counselling work, she’d angrily declared that she’d had enough.
Steve had watched her from their bedroom doorway as she rifled through their closet and dresser, gathering her things and shoving them into her suitcase. But even then he didn’t believe she was really going to leave…not until she had tucked her airline ticket and passport into her purse.
He knew the second his gaze landed on her passport that this was it, his marriage was over.
It had been a long time coming, yes, but it didn’t make getting accustomed to her absence any easier.
It also didn’t make the divorce papers she’d served him with three weeks later any easier to sign. But he did, if only because she wanted nothing from him.
Hell, she hadn’t even contested him having full custody of their daughter.
It was a detail he kept from Abigail, knowing it would serve only as salt on an open wound.
And the teenager had been through enough.
Steve looked up from his laptop as the front door opened and the storm door slammed shut.
“Dad?”
“In here, sweetheart,” he called, saving and closing the file he was working on.
Abigail rounded the corner, her knapsack hung over one shoulder and her earbuds draped around her neck. Her long dark brown hair was pulled up in a messy ponytail and her cheeks were reddened from the crisp autumn breeze. She’d zipped up her sweater as much as she could and had slipped her hands back up into her sleeves to shield them from the cold. Her light denim jeans had ‘fashionable’ holes in the knees, no doubt doing little to help her stay warm.
“How was your day?” Steve asked, shutting his laptop to give her his full attention.
Abigail shrugged and sniffled.
“It was fine,” she mumbled, gaze downcast.
Steve rose from his desk and approached her.
“You should have taken your coat, sweetheart,” he grabbed her hand and rubbed it firmly between his own, “I told you –
“I know,” she said quickly, looking down at his hands on hers, “I..I know…”
She sniffled again, and curious, Steve touched her chin and guided her to look up at him. It was then he realized she had been crying.
“Abbie, sweetheart, what’s wrong?”
Her pretty blue eyes were red-rimmed and puffy.
“Abbie?”
She licked her lip and looked beyond him, focusing on the mahogany desk he had been working at.
“It’s nothing big,” she muttered, “just…this guy I liked asked my friend to prom. I…was hoping he’d ask me…”
Steve’s expression fell.
There’d been a lot of disappointment and sadness for her in the last year. He could only guess how many times she’d heard him arguing with Peggy and when she’d left with hardly a backward glance…
It was a lot for anyone to deal with, and more than anything Steve wished he could have kept it from her.
Abigail was a good daughter, a good person -  she deserved good things.
Many times over her seventeen years, he’d asked himself what he’d done to get so lucky. She worked hard in school, did well on her report cards, and got along well with everyone.
She was sweet and kind-hearted, and she’d matured into a beautiful young woman.
He pulled her into his embrace and held her tight as she buried her face in his chest and wept.
“I’m so sorry, sweetheart,” he mumbled as he kissed the top of her head, “it’ll be okay…”
“I really, really liked him,” she managed between sobs, “what’s wrong with me? Why am I not good enough?”
Steve sighed and touched her face.
“Sweetheart, you’re perfect.”
And she really was. In the last year, as she blossomed into a young woman and his relationship with Peggy deteriorated, it became increasingly difficult to ignore.
Abigail was slim, with a small but perky bust that caught his attention far more often than was proper. Her hips and ass were shapely, and her skin was fair and flawless.

Perfect…it was the only word to describe her…

“Whoever this guy is, he’s an idiot. You deserve better, Abbie.”
She blinked away her tears and tentatively reached up to touch his hand.
“Who then?”
Her voice was a soft whisper and it, coupled with her watery, questioning glance and parted, plush lips, sent white-hot desire straight to his groin.
It wasn’t the first time he’d gotten excited at the sight of her, but there was something about her now – so sweet and sad before him – that made his heart race. The shame he’d felt before when such excitement tore through him seemed dim now.
All that mattered was her…and the pull he didn’t want to fight anymore.
“I don’t know, sweetheart,” Steve admitted in a whisper as he tentatively slipped his arm around her to pull her close, “but you’ll always have me.”
His free hand went to her chin and he smirked as she stiffened against him.
“I-I will?”
Steve nodded.
He grazed his thumb over her bottom lip.
“I’m not like your mother, Abbie
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Heavy Angst
Emotional Manipulation
Manipulative Relationship
Abusive Relationships
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Consensual Touching
Explicit Sexual Content
Gratuitous Smut
Praise Kink
Alternate Universe - Dark
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Loss of Virginity
Virginity Kink
Innocence
Age Difference
Sexual Inexperience
Extremely Dubious Consent
Unhealthy Relationships
Dark Steve Rogers
Rough Sex
Older Man/Younger Woman
Vaginal Fingering
Oral Sex
Sexual Abuse
Don't Like Don't Read
Smut
Possessive Behavior
You Have Been Warned
Possessive Sex
Illegal Activities
Claiming
Porn Watching
Abusive Parents
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Power Imbalance
Breast Fucking
Marathon Sex
Birth Control
Unprotected Sex
Dirty Talk
Humiliation
Anal Play
First Time Blow Jobs
Pregnancy Kink
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

