Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Peter hummed along with his loud music as he taped up the next box. He picked up a suitcase and danced over to his drawers, laying it on top and started to put anything and everything that would fit inside. It was the end of the semester and he was finally getting ready to head home. His first year at MIT had been incredible. Busy, but incredible. He had great professors, a new group of friends, a solid study group and he had aced absolutely everything.It hadn’t been easy, he had spent many a sleepless night wishing he could attach himself to an IV of coffee or Red Bull, while he worked on his assignments. He had barely been able to really keep in touch with anyone, opting to be  that  person who would only text (except for the times that May blew up his phone until he’d answer, quickly switching it to FaceTime as soon as she heard his voice). He was tired, but he wouldn’t have it any other way. It was the college experience, right?Peter carried on singing and dancing through his dorm, throwing things into boxes, using the odd item as a microphone on its way down. It wasn’t until a particularly high note that his music came to a sudden stop, his ringtone blasting through the speakers. “Dammit!” he muttered to himself, praying someone next door hadn’t heard his screeching attempt at Whitney Houston (the walls were thin, it was almost guaranteed someone heard him). He scrambled over to his phone and grinned at the face that was showing on his caller ID. He pulled the phone from the dock and pressed it to his ear. “Hey, Mr Stark!”“Hey kid, how’s it hanging? ”“Short, shrivelled and always to the left,” Peter replied. Tony laughed, “You really do watch far too many movies that are out of your era. ”Peter shrugged, “Liar Liar is a classic! Anyway, what’s up?”“I just wanted to see how you’re doing, ” Tony replied.“Mr Stark, have you missed me?” Peter laughed.Tony barked out a loud laugh, “Pfft! Never. You know what, I haven’t had a headache since you left, and one is already creeping in. I’m sensing a correlation. I already miss the silence. ”“Oh haha, Mr Stark. You’re the one who called me. That headache is self-inflicted,” Peter informed, putting the phone on speaker and putting it on top of a box so that he could continue working.“Since when did you become so… no, insightful isn’t the word,”  Tony paused for a moment, “sassy. Yes, that’s the word. When did you become so sassy? You don’t talk back to me. ”“I’m a changed man, now!” Peter replied, his head half in a box which muffled his voice.“What the hell are you doing, Kid? ”“Packing,” Peter replied, picking his phone back up and carrying it over to where he needed to be.“Oh, yeah that’s why I called. What are your plans for the summer?” Tony asked.“Well, I’m coming back to New York in a couple of days, was just gonna go home, spend time with May, see my friends, relax, the usual summer stuff,” Peter replied flippantly, packing more clothes away.Tony hummed. “What about seeing your favourite superhero? ” Peter gasped, “Is Thor back?!”“You cheeky son of a…  ” Tony sighed, mildly defeated, “You know who I meant. ”Peter smiled, “Yeah, I do. Of course I’ll come and visit you. If I’m honest, I’m gonna be trying to stay out of the house as much as possible. You know May and Happy are together, right?”“Yeah, I will never understand what that gorgeous aunt of yours sees in that man… ” Tony muttered.“Anyway, they are still in that honeymoon phase and its…” Peter shuddered, remembering the several FaceTime calls he’s had, seeing his aunt all lovey-dovey with Happy Hogan. Super serious, no-nonsense, don’t-look-at-me Happy Hogan was smiling and speaking in a baby voice… constantly. It was nauseating and he really didn’t want to be around that too much. Reminding him of his lack of relationship.“Eugh, don’t remind me. He’s a different man! Really living up to that name of his and I don’t like it.” Tony thought for a moment, “Hey, why don’t you come and stay with me? I have plenty of space and you’re free to do what you want, aaaaaaand I could use some company in the lab.” Peter turned back to the phone, “Really?”“Sure, kid, why not?!”Peter smiled, an entire summer at Stark Tower sounded amazing. Free to do whatever he wanted, no aunt constantly asking where he was going, plus unlimited lab time with Tony? Heaven. “That sounds amazing, Mr Stark, thank you!” “Great, I’ll organise the jet to come and get you. I’ll arrange a car to come get you and take you to the jet and a van to bring your stuff with you…”“Whoa, Mr Stark, you don’t need to do all of that…” Peter tried.“Too late,” Tony cut in, “F.R.I.D.A.Y has already sorted it out.”Peter sighed, “You really didn’t need to do that, Mr Stark, but thank you.”“It’s nothing,” Tony waved it off. “Look, I’ll let you go. Finish packing, relax, I’ll see you soon.”“Ok, sure. I’ll see you soon.” Peter hung up the call and returned to what he was doing. By the end of the day, he was completely f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker (brief)

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
College Student Peter Parker
Summer Vacation
Developing Relationship
Friends to Lovers
peter is 19
Underage Drinking (barely)
accidental sugar daddy
Daddy Kink
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
sex on the first date
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
age gap
Age Difference
Peter is a Little Shit
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Tony is Extra
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Fluff and Smut
Sassy Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker (brief)

