Work Text:
Steve wasn’t surprised when Bucky showed up in his dreams, after he was unfrozen. Steve had dreamed of him plenty often before, after all, in the way you inevitably dreamed about people you spent a lot of time with: stupid, nonsensical dreams, and dreams that just jumbled up the waking day into the dreaming night. And in those days after Bucky died and before Steve brought the plane down, Bucky featured in plenty of his dreams and nightmares in the few hours of sleep he could snatch. In those, Bucky was always falling or out of reach, and Steve would wake up feeling like he was missing some vital organ, or like he had taken a mortal wound whose pain hadn’t quite reached his brain yet.
But after he was taken out of the ice, after the whole mess with Loki and the Chitauri, the dreams became different. He didn’t need much sleep thanks to the serum, and what sleep he did get was either exhausted and dreamless, or restless and strange. His dreams, when he remembered them, had a feverish edge that made him wonder if he was actually getting sick for the first time since he got the serum. Bucky was in them, but not the way he usually was: he was among the faceless crowds, or wandering at the edges of Steve’s awareness. He always looked blank or lost. Steve’s dream-self never quite noticed him, but Steve would wake up and remember that he had seen him. On waking, Steve would feel the curious certainty that the Bucky prowling around in his dreams was something other than the product of a grieving mind. It was somehow worse than the dreams where Bucky was falling. 
Steve did his best to put the dreams out of his mind. He dutifully visited his SHIELD-appointed therapist, said all the right things about how he was grieving but adjusting well and how it was good to have necessary work to do with a team he was slowly getting to know. And that was all true. The Avengers were working to help rebuild New York and SHIELD had work for him. Steve spent some of his time at his own apartment, and some at Stark Tower. Its luxury was still baffling and uncomfortable, but when it came down to it, Steve didn’t much like living alone, and at least there was always someone in the Tower. And if nothing felt like home yet, well. He supposed that was unavoidable.
****
Steve did his best to take the train down to DC to go see Peggy at her nursing home, whenever he could. He hadn’t been able to keep his promise to dance with her at the Stork Club, and they had never had more than that one too-brief kiss, but they were both still alive and he still loved her. He tried not to dwell on the might-have-beens. Peggy had obviously gone on to live a full life, and he couldn’t begrudge her any of it. It was just hard, sometimes, facing the truth of all the years he had slept through.
Those years were most apparent in the lines of Peggy’s face and in her frail, shaking hands. All of the new technology, the changes in the world, Bucky’s persistent absence from his waking life—all of that still seemed a little unreal, almost as if it was another version of a SHIELD-constructed scenario. But Steve saw the reality of the years that had passed in Peggy. On her good days, when she knew who he was and what had happened to him, he could tell that he had become an old, beloved grief to her. She told him about her life and about the Howling Commandos with passion and affection. It helped, to know about the full lives everyone lived after the war. It helped to know that for others, grief wasn’t a still-bleeding wound. 
On one of her good days, after they’d swapped stories about Howard and Tony, Peggy took a slow breath and reached for his hand.
“I’m sorry we never found James for you. I want you to know that Howard and I looked for him, after, in the spring when the snow had melted some.”
Steve looked down at their joined hands and nodded, unable to say anything past the sudden lump in his throat. He knew they hadn’t found anything. There was an empty grave at Arlington with the name James Buchanan Barnes. 
“That ravine was still too treacherous to fully search…I’m so very sorry we could never bring him home. I know he meant a great deal to you.”
It was the first time since he’d woken up that anyone other than his well-meaning therapist had spoken with Steve about Bucky. It was the first time since he’d woken up that Steve had spoken with anyone who had known Bucky. 
Still looking at his and Peggy’s hands, he said, “I keep dreaming about him. Not—not when he fell, or memories, just—it’s like he’s just there, on the edges of all of my dreams. He doesn’t say anything, he just watches or looks lost.” 
“Steve…everyone grieves differently. I know that for some time, every time I saw a tall man with blond hair, I thought it was you, for just a moment. You must let yourself grieve him.”
But when he left Peggy with a kiss on the cheek, he thought it would almost be easier if he saw Bucky in every dark haired man on the street. At least then the illusion would
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Dreamsharing
Dreams
Nightmares

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

