Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The sky is too blue and too bright.“What the hell?"  Tony can’t hold back his words as he catches sight of three familiar faces peering down at him. “What just happened?” Steve looks  young,  and Thor’s beard is back to a light scruff, and- there’s the  Hulk.  Not Bruce, not the incongruous combination of both that called itself Professor Hulk, but the all-out-green,  raging  Hulk. Steve looks up in an expression of incredulity, and Tony follows, registering the crumbling skyscrapers, and it’s a scene that looks  too familiar.  “We won,” Steve says, almost breathing out the words, and those words confirm Tony’s suspicion in a  chilling wave.What the  hell?  New York. 
 2012?  

 Fuck. New York.  
The attack that planted its roots in Tony’s mind and inconveniently sprouted itself in the form of nightmares and panic attacks. Therapy had helped, but being back to the scene of the crime, so to speak, isn’t really helping with the sudden twisting of his gut. Tony might puke. All over Rogers, preferably. It takes him a good few minutes to stand up, his dead suit only making every movement a hundred times harder. He’s vaguely aware of the lack of pain running through the right side of his body as the Hulk hoists him up and Tony finds himself pressed against the Big Green as he scrambles to the top of Stark Tower. Or what was left of it. It feels strangely surreal. He was  dying.  He had  died.  The image of Pepper’s face, her body enclosed in the suit he had built for her, teary-eyed as she consoled him -  We’re gonna be okay.  He remembered Peter, cheeks wet and eyes red, ‘We won, Mr. Stark. We won. You did it.’  F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s voice. ‘Life functions critical.’  His AI had never sounded so resigned, so absolutely devastated in confirming the news that he himself knew. There was the  burn  of the Infinity Stones stinging into his flesh and Tony had felt his life slipping away, barely able to muster the strength to keep his eyes open. The kid had - ‘  Tony-’  - he had called him  Tony. Tony had wanted to smile, wanted to shift his lips ever so slightly, but his body remained unresponsive.  You can rest now, Pepper had said. Tony finally gave in. The New York wind is slapping him in the face as the Hulk scaled the side of the building - and it feels too real. Is this the 'life flashing before his eyes' moment? Or did he visualize some sick, twisted dream in all of 10 seconds that he was up in space? Loki had just started coming to his senses, crawling out of the hole that the Hulk had so graciously smashed him in, when Tony and the Hulk reached the roof. Steve had hitched a ride upstairs with Thor, and-  Rogers,  not  Steve, his mind corrects in a sudden afterthought. They’re not friends, never had been.  "We’ll lose,”  Tony had said, once upon a time, and Steve -  Rogers -  had responded in his All-American way, "Then we’ll do that together.”  The word is toxin in his brain, because when had that  ever  happened? There was no  together  during Ultron, when Rogers welcomed the Maximoffs into the team with open arms, there was no  together  during their fight in Germany, there was no  together  in Siberia when Tony was left for dead, no  together  when Thanos snapped and wiped out half the universe, no  together  when Tony was stranded in the black void of space, starving and on the verge of  death.  They only came together during the final battle with Thanos, but it was only Tony who lost. His daughter, his wife, his best friend, the kid... his  life. He’s pulled out of his thoughts when he makes eye-contact with Romanoff, who gives him a firm  good-job  nod. There’s respect in the small movement, and Tony suddenly feels his heart swell. Romanoff had sacrificed her life for the Soul Stone. The spy who had always been out to save her own skin had willingly fallen to her death, and Tony feels guilt wash over him because she didn’t even  get a funeral.  The team was her  family, and they had spared her no second thought before the fight with Thanos. Tony cracks a small smile in response to her, and the team heads inside to where Loki is still struggling to get himself upright. Tony remembers Bruce’s words -  ‘He sent Loki. The attack on New York. That's him.’ -  back when he saw his friend after ages and Strange had pulled him out of a nice morning stroll with Pepper. It suddenly seems so long ago. But - was it, though? Was it  long ago?  Or is it something yet to happen? He still can’t figure out how he’s ended up here, but there’s a small feeling inside him that shifts the blame to the Time Stone. Maybe it had done its job, and  more. But most importantly- 
 The attack on New York was Thanos.  
Thor had said Loki  changed, that it was the first time in a long time that they had fought like brothers to save the people of Asgard. It was the first time Thor  hoped  for a new beginning with his brother. Loki had ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Time Travel
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
The Avengers (2012) Compliant
Slow Burn
Time Travel Fix-It
Tony Stark Has A Heart
not team Cap friendly
Tony Takes No Shit
Angst
Secret Relationship
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
BAMF Tony Stark
Infinity Gems
Extremis (Marvel)
Loki And His Damn Tesseract
Temporary Character Death
Miscommunication
like tons of it
Partner Betrayal
Mind Control
In a way
i can't elaborate without spoiling it you see
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Outer Space
Teleportation
Hydra (Marvel)
Gram
Wanda Maximoff helps a bit
Eventual Happy Ending
keyword eventual
not sorry
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

