Chapter 1: and is never shaken
    




Chapter Text

“Tony, it’s Peter. Wake up. Wake up.”

Tony Stark is in pieces.
He’s woken up hungover too many times in his life to be unfamiliar with the feeling, but this feels adjacent to that; in the same neighborhood, a couple houses down. It’s all darkness, dark and deep like he’s underwater, but he can still breathe, can still push through it. He doesn’t know if he’s drowning, if angry waves are trying to drag him down, but he floats and doesn’t fight it. He feels okay. He feels good.
That’s so rare for him that he rests in it, for a moment. 
There’s still only darkness when he opens his eyes, so he closes them again and waits. He’s always been an impatient man, eager to get from one thing to the next, anxious to have the people and things he wants and needs because he’s made up of those things, those people. He wouldn’t be anything without them. Blank. Unformed. Just some asshole in a tin can.

“—and maybe he can feel me holding his hand—”

Tony narrows his eyes. Or he thinks he does. Who was that? Where did it come from? Where the fuck is he? That voice was familiar and it stirs him to move, to stop floating here like some disembodied jellyfish—
He moves and he drops, plummets down, and he can feel his body now, arms and legs writhing like he’s falling from the top of the Empire State Building, and Tony doesn’t know what’s happening—he doesn’t know where he is, what was the last thing—wait, everything’s moving too fast, what was the last thing that happened—

Kid, hold me, hold me—
Well, this is nice—Tony, it’s okay, it’s okay. I don’t know what’s—
Peter, kid—it’s—Jesus, I can’t believe you’re back—

Tony tries to drag it back up, bad feelings and stormy memories. 
There was fighting, a battlefield, a battlefield made of their fucking compound, their goddamn home, and there wasn’t enough time for a reunion with Peter but Tony wanted one anyway—this was for him, the whole thing, the risk, the heist, changing time and fucking space to get him back—
That photo. It stopped him dead. Innocent, framed by the kid years beforehand, sitting next to a picture of Tony’s own father in the kitchen. In the kitchen of the cabin he hid in, where he hid from the world, moldering, withering away, turning into something else. Afraid. 
But he couldn’t hide from him. Couldn’t hide from long gone, dead Peter, silent and frozen and left behind.
Tony is full of guilt. His own personal jet fuel.
The falling stops and he lands, crumples on that scorched earth, right there at the end. The battlefield, what’s left of the compound. It’s dead quiet because there’s ash in the air and everybody knows what he did, and he sees himself, he sees—and then he remembers. 
The people closest to him are the ones he loves most—he’s only missing his little girl, his Morgan, and Happy. Everyone else is standing there like they don’t know what to do, and he’s dying. He’s dying. He has to be. 
“Jesus,” Tony breathes, approaching himself, and he sees the burns, the burns he doesn’t feel on his own body, now. He has to be dead, he has to be—the body in front of him is burned to a fucking crisp and now a different version of himself is waltzing around in the memory. Is this purgatory? Is he condemned to live his last minutes forever and ever? The people he loves sobbing in front of him? He doesn’t want that shit. He can’t deal with it.
“Stay with me,” Pepper says, close to his half-decayed body. “Okay, Tony? Carol went to get help. Stay with me. Please.”
“Hold on, Tony,” Rhodey says, hovering over him. “Hold on. We’ve got you.”
Tony barely remembers this. He remembers, but it’s lost in fog, stripped in despair, and he doesn’t want to look. But it’s like a goddamn car wreck, the end of his life, and he winces, something tight in his chest.
“Mr. Stark,” Peter sobs, in a desperate heap. “Tony. Please.” He’s clutching at Tony’s hands, and Tony watches, can almost feel it. He hates hearing them like this, hates knowing that this happened, it isn’t a nightmare or a vision that’ll dissolve when he opens his eyes. They’re aching for him and he feels broken, and he can’t help—he’s looking in on himself, just like he did when they were hopping through time. But this isn’t that. He can’t alter it. He can’t touch, he can’t comfort, he can’t grab his own hand and yank himself to his feet.

Get up, moron. Get up. They need you.

He’s here to watch. Here to remember. Here to let the sadness seep into him twofold.
But fucking why? Where’s the real world? Where is he, really?
Tony sees his own eyes close, and the world shudders with darkness for a moment, like a glitch, and then everything stops. Paused. Everyone still. Tony walks closer to where his body is, but the arc reactor light is still on. If he was dead, it wouldn’t be. He knows that for goddamn sure, with all the protocols he put in place with the Mark 85.
He cracks his jaw and narrows his eyes, looking around. 
“Alright. Let’s—whatever this is, I don’t wanna be her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Spider-Man: Far From Home
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
BAMF Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

