Chapter 1





Chapter Text
New York 2020 “Okay, okay, just keep breathing doll, remember deep breaths, in and out, in and out.” James said, trying to act calm even though he felt like he was coming out of his skin and couldn’t stop shaking. He opened the car door and took hold of Tony, helping him out of the car and supported his weight while leaning down to grab the hospital bag and used his foot to kick the door shut. “Oh God this hurts!” Tony cried bending forward and crying out in pain. He braced his hands on his thighs, almost bent double as he panted, James’s warm hand rubbed at his back trying to sooth the muscles and ease the pain until it passed. “I don’t like this.” Tony moaned, not caring if he sounded childish, hell he didn’t care what he sounded or looked like right now, he was in a hell of a lot of pain, he was scared shitless, and his bond mate looked to be on the verge of nervous breakdown or a manic episode, appearances were really the last thing on Tony Stark-Barnes’ mind. “Its okay doll, we’ll get you inside and they’ll give you something for the pain.” James said putting his metal arm about Tony’s broad waist to support him as they began to make their way across the car park and into the hospital. They had just reached the main reception when Tony cried out again, holding onto the side of the desk as he moaned panted. “Can I help you?” The receptionist asked. “Tony and James Stark-Barnes, we phoned ahead.” James said, his attention mostly on Tony, “He’s in labour, contractions are coming every five minutes…,” He broke off as a sudden flood of water splashed down onto Tony’s feet. “Oh God!” Tony whimpered flushing in embarrassment, he looked at the receptionist mortified, “I’m so sor..,”“It’s fine,” She said, “You’re not the first expectant mother whose water’s have broken here, it’s a regular occurrence.” “See honey, nothing to worry about.” James soothed as the receptionist handed him a form to sign, his hands were shaking so much that it was a struggle for him to hold the pen and put his signature down, but he managed to get it looking close enough to his name, by which time a nurse had a arrived with a wheelchair and eased Tony down into it to take him to obstetrics.  Once Tony was in his room he was helped out of his clothes and into a hospital gown and helped onto the bed where he was given an examination to see how far along he was into delivery and to check the Pup’s heartbeat and position. James was given a mask and gown to wear as he stood besides the bed, holding Tony’s hand which was mercilessly squeezed as another contraction hit. “Looks like this little one is in a hurry.” The OBGYN said with a smile, “Seven centimetres dilated, you’ve not long to go now, Mr Stark-Barnes.”“Can you give him something for the pain?” James asked hating seeing Tony hurting so much. “Would you like something?” The OBGYN asked Tony who nodded, puffing and panting as he’d been shown in Lamaze. “I can give you a shot of pethidine, that’ll take the edge off.” The Doctor said, “You can have gas and air as well.”“I’ll try the shot.” Tony said breathing deeper as the pain eased off. He bite his lip as he was given the shot then lay back against the pillows, trying his best to get comfortable while waiting for the next contraction. “Can I get you anything?” James asked feeling horribly useless, he wanted to do something other than just hold Tony’s hand and rub his back, he wanted to help him practically but there was nothing he could do, this was one thing that he couldn’t help Tony with other than being supportive. “Some ice.” Tony said, rubbing his bump. “I’ll be right back.” James hurried down the corridor to the ice dispenser, sharing frantic and terrified smiles with a couple of male beta’s and Alphas whose partners were also in labour. He filled a cup with ice and was on his way back to Tony when his phone beeped. Pausing he took the phone from his pocket and looked at the text which was from Steve. “Bucky, I’m at the hospital, where R U?” James scowled at the text, no matter how many times he said he didn’t want to be called Bucky, Steve still called him it. He swiftly made a reply telling Steve that he and Tony were in obstetrics, then pocketed his phone and made his way back to Tony’s room, where the Omega was going through another contraction. “Sorry, sorry.” James apologised, hurrying to Tony’s side and rubbed his back as Tony moaned and panted until it had passed. Once it had he eased Tony back against the pillows and handed him the ice to suck, “Steve’s arrived.” He said. “I don’t want him in here.” Tony said, “Nor Natasha, Rhodey, no one. Just you and the Doctors.” James nodded, “I know, it’s fine, no one is getting through those doors but medical professionals.” Tony attempted to smile but another contraction was coming and all he could do was moan. “Okay Honey, okay, breathe, keep breathing, you can do this, you are a strong, you can do anything.” “I can’t do this.” Tony cried clutching a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Pregnant Tony Stark
Mpreg
Fix-It of Sorts
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Getting Together
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Team Iron Man

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

