Work Text:
The sky is very blue.

*
"Charles?"
"Good morning, Charles.  How are you feeling?"

*
"Charles?"
"Mmmh?" Charles answers.
"Charles?" The voice is familiar; if only he could concentrate, he thinks he might know who's speaking to him.
"Don't worry, dear, he might not respond for a while yet."  An English accent, an unfamiliar voice.
"But this is still progress, yes?"
"This is excellent progress."  Footsteps, two sets, walking away.
Maybe he didn't answer.  Maybe he answered in his head.
The sky is very grey today.

*
The world is silent and grey.  The silence worries him most, though he doesn't know why it should.  Silence is nothing to be concerned about, surely?
A breath of sound.  Just the faintest whisper, from a distance.  A sound that's shaped in a way that feels comforting.  Familiar.  Familial.
He reaches out, and the whisper becomes a soft murmur, but he can't seem to pull it towards him or get closer.

*
"Charles?"
Someone is calling his name.  He thinks he's heard her call his name before.  Or perhaps that was just a dream.  He's not certain if his eyes are open, if he's awake or asleep.  He feels like he's floating, cocooned in light, and the sky is white, brilliant white, like high clouds on a sunny day.
He wants to answer.  It's important.  He forms a word in his head, shapes his lips around it, makes a sound.  He means it to be hello, but it comes out malformed.
"Oh, Charles!" she says.  He's not sure who she is, which is a puzzle, because she feels such a comfortable presence beside him.  She's holding his hand now — stroking the back with her fingers, softly, as though she's worried she might hurt him, though he is quite certain that she won't.  Nothing can hurt him, not while he's floating in his cocoon.
He closes his fingers around hers to reassure her, and her fingers tighten inside his clasp.  There's a new sound, and Charles can't place it until he feels something splash on his face.  A tear.  She's crying.
Don't cry, he says, but he doesn't get any sense that she hears him.
He floats away.

*
There's a beam of sunshine falling across his face.  It's golden warm, like summer on the front lawn at Westchester, and Charles tilts back his head to enjoy it.  His head sinks into a pillow.  He's in bed.  He feels incredibly tired, but not sleepy, so he keeps his eyes closed and enjoys the sunlight.  It's probably time to get up, but nanny will call him if it gets too late.

*
"Ah, Charles, you're awake, I see."
Charles blinks.  He is awake, it's true.  He blinks again, and this time his eyes remain open, and when he turns his head a fraction, he sees the person talking to him.  A woman, in a pale blue uniform.  A nurse.
His neck aches, just from moving his head.
There's a trace of bleach in the air, and the walls are bare, cheap white paint.  He's in a hospital.
He was just on the beach.
Erik was by his side, the children massed behind them.  Erik was holding the missiles back and then—and then he was sending them back up into the air towards the fleets, and Moira was shooting, bullet after bullet deflected by Erik.  And then Charles was falling, hot agony in his back.  Everyone on the beach was screaming in their minds, and it rained down on him, a cacophony of emotions: fear and hatred and worry and loss and uncertainty, all his mental filters in tatters.   Erik was clutching Charles in his arms; face covered in anguish, but still hiding his mind from Charles, just flashes of emotions slipping through when the back of Erik's hand brushed his.  Erik was calling something, words that Charles tried to make out, but they blew away on the breeze as Erik's face faded and his touch became fainter, until Charles can't remember anything more.
Charles gasps, a flash of pain hitting him as he inhales, suddenly back in the present.  The pain vanishes as quickly as it comes, gone by the exhale.  Phantom pain.
The nurse puts her hand on his chest — inside she's shouting at him not to try to move — but there's no need.  He isn't floating any more, and his body feels divorced from his brain.  "I'm just going to fetch your sister," she tells him, her external voice quiet and assured.  Reassuring.  "She went to get a drink, but she's only just down the corridor."
His sister.  Of course.  Raven.  She held his hand.
He tries to stay awake for her, but he's so tired.

*
He's not sure if he just drifted off for a moment or if he's been sleeping for hours, but the next time he opens his eyes, Raven is smiling down at him.
"Hi," he says.  His voice sounds scratchy and faint, but the word comes out and Raven lights up.
"Do you want a drink?" she asks, picking up a glass with a straw as though she knows his answer already.
Charles nods, and she puts it to his lips.  It's orange juice, room temperature, but it tastes good.  She pulls the straw away before he's had enough, but when he goes to say more, she shakes her head.  "I think that's enough for now.  You can have more soon."
"My legs?" Charles whispers. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Reality
Fix-It
Canon Disabled Character
Alternate Universe
Drug Abuse
First Time
Amnesia
Wordcount: 10.000-30.000

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

