Chapter 1



Notes:
Warnings for anatomy talk that fits an a/b/o universe, but it's not particularly explicit. Also, angst.




Chapter Text
Thor's latest pasta experiment didn't quite turn out the way the demi-god intended, so tonight, the team eat Chinese take-away in lieu of cleaning up the mess in the kitchen. The TV's on, and Tony doesn't know who put on The Vampire Diaries, but he does notice that Natasha keeps glancing at the screen every few minutes with a carefully blank expression. Tony wonders if she prefers Damon or Stefan. She seems like the Damon kind, but he's known her long enough never to presume.Hell, she's probably the Elena kind.Steve's multitasking; take-away box balanced on one thigh, his sketchbook on the other, drawing and eating and talking to Bruce at the same time. Must be a serum thing, Tony thinks and shifts closer to Clint, who's sitting between the two of them. The three of them aren't very handsy among the rest of the Avengers, but both Tony and Steve enjoys closeness as much as Clint does, which means a lot of cuddling. That's not even restricted to the three of them; sometimes the whole team cuddles (even Natasha, although that's rare), not just the individual couples.It's a pretty usual night, for most of them, at least, but Clint is being awfully quiet.“Hey, you okay?” Tony murmurs, low enough that only Steve notices.Clint has barely touched his food; instead of shovelling it in like usual, he's staring at it with a dumbfounded expression. He doesn't quite startle when Tony nudges him, but it's a near thing. “What? Yeah, I'm fine.” His voice is low and dazed.Tony frowns. Clint's a goddamned trained agent. He doesn't fall out of the conversation easily, and he's completely lost in his head now. “You're not eating,” Tony points out, and Clint looks down at the take-away in his hands like he didn't even realize it was there.He blinks, and then puts it down on the table. “Not hungry.” He leans back against the couch and winds an arm around Tony. And Tony appreciates that, sure – he's a pretty tactile person, truth be told – but it's not typical of Clint to initiate contact like this in public, even among their teammates.“What's wrong?” Tony murmurs and turns more fully towards him, because it's becoming increasingly evident that something is. Clint is a little tense, a little shivery, and he feels cooler against Tony than normal.Clint sighs and shakes his head. “Nothing, Tony. Just – feel weird, is all.”“Weird how?”He's quiet for a moment, before shrugging. “Nauseous. My stomach's all... churny, I dunno.” He looks a little pale, but not much more than usual. Tony presses the back of his hand to Clint's temple, as subtly as he can (even though they know that the whole team notices anyway, so it's mostly for appearance's sake). He's a little clammy, his temperature lower than usual. Like he's cold sweating.“Fever?” Clint asks when he sees Tony's frown deepen.“I don't know. You want to get it checked out?” Tony asks, even though he already knows the answer.Clint shakes his head. “Nah, just think I'll retire early.”Steve, who has been following the entire exchange without interrupting, puts down his sketchpad. “I think I'm going to bed, actually,” he says lightly and rises to his feet, brushing some invisible lint off his khaki pants. “I'll see you guys tomorrow.”Clint rolls his eyes at the lack of subtlety, but gets up anyway. “Mind if I tag along, Cap?”“Sure, go ahead,” Steve says and shares a look with Tony. He knows Tony's got a workshop project for Fury he needs to go back to later, and Tony nods, thankful.The two of them leave and the rest of the team doesn't say anything about it. Tony heads back down to his workshop a few minutes later, and he doesn't resurface until early next morning. Honestly, he's trying to pull fewer all-nighters, but he was so close to designing a new interface template for the Helicarrier's security system, and by the time he's sure it'll do the trick with some tweaking and help from JARVIS, it's six am and the sun is up.He opts out of yet another cup of coffee and heads back to his pack instead; it's early/late enough that he can get a few hours before Steve will poke him awake with his Disappointed In Your Priorities look. Steve and Clint should both be sleeping.Instead, the bedroom is empty and the bed stripped of its covers, and Tony finds his guys in the big bathroom.“Hey, Tony,” Steve says with a tired smile that doesn't reach his eyes. He sits on the tile floor, wearing boxer shorts and nothing else, chest flush against Clint's back and hands rubbing soothing circles on Clint's belly. Clint looks like hell warmed over.“Jesus, you really weren't kidding, were you?” Tony says and crouches next to them.Clint is curled miserably around the toilet, panting, gripping the seat with white knuckles and trembling fingers. Actually, scratch that – all of him trembles, worse than when he's in heat. “Hi, Tony,” comes his ragged, muffled voice from the toi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Polyamory
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Asexual Relationship
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Mpreg (of a sort?)
No real warnings but heed the warnings
Alpha!Tony
Alpha!Steve
omega!Clint
Beta!Phil
Established Relationship
Self-Esteem Issues
no real spoilers past Avengers Assemble
People have pasts
People have issues
and that's okay.

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

