Chapter 1: Drought
    




Chapter Text
It was nothing compared to the winters Loki knew in Jotunheim, where snow was not something fragile and dainty, but something harsh and powerful, that could bury an entire village within a night. They had respected the forces of winter but loved them just the same for their beauty and strength.And Loki longed to be out there. Free, feeling the snow kiss his skin that was made to withstand ice and wind. His eyes, that were made to see in the dark, would help him find his way through the night with ease. But he could not. He was bound and he had had little in common with the raw, proud creature that had almost bested Asgard’s crown prince in battle. It had been a close call, but he had been defeated and subdued nonetheless. He was taken away from his homeland and made to settle in his new role as a slave to Thor.He had sworn himself so many things right after he was captured. To resist until the last moment, never to beg, never to let them see his tears. But he had been naïve back then and it broke him even more when he had to break one quiet oath after the other. He had cried when they had broken off his horns and he had begged when they had blocked his seidr with cuffs around his neck, his wrists, and his ankles. And he had stopped resisting a long while ago. Now he looked back envying and pitying his younger self for believing that he was strong enough to withstand anything. And tonight he had not resisted when one of Thor’s servants had gotten him ready. She had combed his hair and patiently worked the cruelly large ball gag into his mouth, before she went on to tie his elbows as well as his wrists together behind his back, putting a permanent strain on his shoulders.  Next, she tied his ankles to his thighs, limiting his mobility, and making it easier for his legs to be spread. She was as patient and as thorough in stretching him, as she was in fulfilling all of her duties. Her slender fingers pushed within him and methodically worked him open before she fit a smooth, heavy plug within him. Loki assumed that it was gold, just like everything else here seemed to be.She slowly moved the plug in and out for a few minutes, to better prepare him and then left the room.Trapped like that Loki had been waiting for Thor to arrive for hours. The girl’s methodical touches had left him needy but unsatisfied and the wait was making him anxious.No one was to say that Thor would even come tonight, it had happened before that Loki was tied up and ready for most of the night, before in the early morning hours another servant would come to free him of his bondage, without Thor having visited at all.Loki sank his teeth into the ball gag, sparks of that old rage still alive within his chest. This narcissistic, self-absorbed, ox of a prince. If only Loki got a sliver of control over his locked seidr, he would kill him and flee- Loki was pulled out of his fantasy for revenge when the heavy door was unlocked and Loki watched helplessly as Thor entered the room. He was big, an atmosphere of self-assuredness surrounding him. The aura of a man who was used to either being handed everything he wanted freely or to have the strength to take it with force.The prince’s eyes darkened upon seeing Loki wrapped up and ready for him on the bed. A predatory grin spread across his face as he took off his cloak, carelessly throwing it on the floor and kicked his boots off before he joined Loki on the bed. The mattress dipped under his massive weight and his gaze, hot like flames ran over Loki’s writhing body until they stopped, looking directly into his ruby eyes.“I’ve been looking forward to this all night,” He mumbled his voice low and wanting. But he denied himself a little bit longer to take in the image in front of him. “The most beautiful beast of all, waiting for me, all tied up with nowhere to go.”Thor moved in to kiss the corner of Loki’s mouth, which was cruelly stretched by the ball gag. A soft moan left Loki when he first got the touch he was unwillingly burning for. His whole body ached for more, he longed for it like the air to breathe. And as he twisted to move into the touch, Thor withdrew with a low chuckle.
“You’re so needy again. Who would have thought that the creature who fought me so fiercely would long for me so sweetly one day,” He looked down at Loki almost fondly and moved a strand of hair away from his face. But the moment of tenderness didn’t last long. He pushed Loki to lie on his back with his arms trapped beneath his weight, before he moved between Loki’s legs and lied both of his large, hot hands on Loki’s pale blue thighs to spread them apart, revealing what was lying beneath. The sight never failed to make his cock twitch in his breeches and his mouth was suddenly dry. As the soon-to-be king of Asgard, he had always had had his fair share of beautiful women and men sharing his bed but no one had managed to keep his attention quite as Loki had. And how was it surprising,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Denial
Orgasm Control
Cock Cages
Genital Piercing
Piercings
Spanking
Sexual Slavery
Humiliation
Verbal Humiliation
Gags
Bondage
Master/Slave
Overstimulation
Forced Orgasm
Erotic Electrostimulation
Electrocution
Anal Sex
Anal Plug
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Extremely Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

