Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve sighs. When he had found out that he had a bit over three million in the bank in backpay, he had thought he was rich. And before SHIELD fell, he was. Arguably, he still is. It's just, well, he's not as rich as he thought. With SHIELD exposed, the agency had been terminated, effective immediately. All of its equipment was seized by other agencies, either for the investigation or simple use. The cleared workers are split about 50-50 between those choosing to accept jobs in other agencies and those taking jobs in the private sector, notably Stark Industries. Steve had taken that as a sign that Stark would be willing to fund the Avengers, since the Initiative was shut down along with all other SHIELD programs.Steve was wrong. Stark refused point-blank, something about "greater scrutiny" and "can't risk my employees livelihoods to fund a group of vigilantes" and "the Joint Terrorism Task Force can handle a terrorist organization, Rogers." It's okay, though. In fact, it's probably a good thing that Stark won't be around to screw up the search for Bucky.Now, all Steve has to do is figure out where he'll get twenty-one million dollars for a quinjet... 




Notes:

Since we do not have a price for a quinjet, I used the current price of a Boeing 777-200LR, listed here: https://www.aircraftcompare.com/aircraft/boeing-777-200lr/barbara6275 pointed out that a Boeing 777-200LR is probably too much plane for the Rogues, and suggested I look into the Learjets instead. The Learjet 85 is the fastest and longest-ranging, according to the website linked below. Also, at $20.8 million, it is considerably cheaper than other jets manufactured by the company yet still well out of range for Rogers' finances.https://www.cnet.com/news/learjet-85s-private-high-tech-luxury-to-cost-a-mere-20-8m/Please note that I am moderating comments on this fic, mostly to protect my readers but also to save my patience. If you have a critique (for example, an aircraft with greater similarities to the quinjet, for which you can direct me to a source with a price), I am happy to read it, but please don't waste either of our time with trolling or hate. I'm sure we both have much better things to do.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Sam Wilson Friendly
Not Sam friendly
Not Natasha Romanov Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Financial Issues
Funding Global Terrorist Hunting is Expensive
Clint Barton Friendly
Clint friendly
A Million Dollars Isn't What It Used to Be

fandom: 
None
