Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

The last time he heard his laughter, was decades ago…

.
…
.

The sound of laughter followed him as he runs in the forest near his village, breath coming out in gasps as he tried to stay quiet and stop his giggles as he heard footsteps following him from behind making his blood pump faster in his body as he tried to hide. Seeing his chance the small blond made, made a sharp turn hoping to lose his companion, his move gained him a squeak of surprise and an enrage shout, making the blond let out a happy laugh as he pushed himself faster and faster, hoping that he will win their chase after all nothing can bring him joy more than beating his friend in their games. Reaching the small cliff that overlooked his village, the boy's grin widens even more… he was going to win!

Before reaching the cliff he was pulled from his tunic, which made him squeak, as much as he hated to admit that, and he turned around trying to lose the other boy's grip, but the two of them lost their footing and started rolling around the grass, both of them giving all they got to win their mock fight. "You cheated!" The blond boy said with laughter after he was pinned to the ground by his companion.

"I did not; you must have hit your head!" The other boy said, making the blond puff his cheeks and glared at the boy on top of him, said boy had a dark hair colored like chocolate, so very different from his light hair that set him apart, his eyes were also dark, but were colored like brown trees' bark, while his were colored like the sky, the older boy (He was older than him by only a year) have a tan skin mainly from working with his father who was the town's only blacksmith, and not like the other boy's pale skin from staying home all of the time.

"You cheated Volundrsson, I reached the cliff but you dared to pull me away from the winning line, a cheap move." The ten years old blond said with a grin, showing his friend that no, he wasn't angry with him for what he did, that made the boy on top of him relax a little and send the blond a shy smile.

"You know my name is not Volundrsson." The boy said as he moved himself from the blond, taking the place beside him, looking at the blond who sat and start shaking himself, hoping to get as much dust and dirt off of him before going to his house and have his mother scream at him for dirtying his clothes.

The blond looked at his friend when he said that while giving him a smile, of course, he knows that this wasn't his friend's real name, but nearly everyone in their village 'Brookland' called the brown-haired Alpha by that name, considering that he was the next blacksmith. "I know that." The blond said as he got himself comfortable and start looking at his village, smiling happily as he saw the villagers go around their day. "But I am saving the name to be called in an important time." The blond said giving the other boy a nod as to confirm his words which made the other boy smile, only for his smile to fall when his eyes returned to the village.

"So you are leaving the village." The older boy stated in a small voice which made the younger boy shuffle in his place before nodding his head at that. "Mother told me that you and your dam are going to live somewhere else, why?" The boy asked as he turns his gaze to the blond, pleading with him to say that the rumors were all for naught.

"Mother said that we are to go and live with my grandfather, a healer that lives far in the northern mountains, she says he will take me as his apprentice and will teach me the ways of healing." The smaller boy said which made the older boy frown at that, a scowl taking over his face.

"Your mother is a midwife! She can teach you the ways of healing!" The boy pleas as he took his friend's hands in his making the light-haired boy look at his friend, lips wobbling a little when he saw the desperate look on his friend's face. "Stay here! I assure you, your life is here, not in the northern mountains!" The dark-haired boy said which only got him a sad smile.

"I cannot stay, even if I wanted to." He said looking at his friend's sad eyes, as they glassed over with unshed tears 'Alphas Never Cries.' That was the mantra that people tell when they see an Alpha throwing a tantrum or shed a tear, which the blond boy thought it was a wrong notion but couldn't say it out loud unless he wanted an ear tug from his dam. "Though mark my words, I will be back when I reach my twentieth spring, can you wait for me until then?" The younger boy asked which got him a sniff from the boy beside him.

"I made this for you, so you will always remember me when you are away." The boy said as he pulled something from his small bag he always carried with him to gather what catches his fancy in the forest. The blond had to stop his gasps of awe at what he saw in his friend's hand was a beautiful oval pendant, nearly taking over half of his friend's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
Steve Rogers/Johann Schmidt (forced)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Medieval
Alternate Universe - Vikings
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Kid Bucky Barnes
He is Steve's child in this Story
Kid Peter Parker
Rape Aftermath
Protective Steve Rogers
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Viking Tony Stark
Dark Tony Stark
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Forced Pregnancy
Nesting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bites
Mating Bond
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Blood and Violence
Angst with a Happy Ending
Viking Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Secrets
Broken Promises
Pregnant Steve Rogers
BAMF Steve Rogers
Angst
Dark
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Tony Stark
Sassy Steve Rogers
Intersex Omegas

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
Steve Rogers/Johann Schmidt (forced)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

