Work Text:
He remembered nothing. After the first few weeks, he asked to be called James.Steve knew even that was a concession. 
 James had his own place. He had a cell phone, and he usually returned calls. He was utterly reliable in the field. He could assess any situation with one cold glance and then he invariably took whatever action would resolve it fastest. One encounter with AIM ended abruptly much earlier than expected when James cocked his head consideringly, smiled a little, and calmly shot the leader between the eyes. Afterwards Sam muttered to Steve, "You know, I'm glad that guy's on our side.""Me too," said Steve, with utter honesty. He pretended he didn't understand the look on Sam's face.That guy. James. Not the Winter Soldier. None of them ever said that name.Sometimes James would vanish for a few weeks at a time. The first time it happened Steve was all ready to drop everything and go after him. The only thing worse than the thought that James had simply left was the fear that he'd been taken.Natasha stopped his panic by showing him a news item on her phone. The article, in French, was about the discovery of a hidden Hydra cell based in Marseilles. Someone had  tipped off the authorities. When they'd arrived at the location they'd found the door to the secret bunker wide open, the relevant evidence spread out on a table by the front door, and the bodies neatly piled in a side room, each one shot once in the head.Steve put the phone down."Don't push him, Steve," Natasha said. "Some things you do for yourself."Steve heard in the way she said it that she was telling him something she knew from experience. That was enough to make him bite his lip and thank her. He didn't like the thought of Bucky—James—going after Hydra alone. But, he reminded himself, he didn't have to like it. Sure, every instinct he had wanted him to push James about it, the way he would have pushed Bucky, the way he knew from long experience he could push Bucky. But James asked for so little. If he wanted to be left alone to do things for himself, Steve could swallow his instincts and give him that.When James reappeared to join them on a mission two weeks later, Natasha was the only one who brought up his vanishing act. "Good vacation?"Steve was prepared for—anything, he didn't know. Bucky (James, if he didn't stop making that mistake in his head then sooner or later he was going to make it out loud) didn't always react to things in normal ways.But James just smiled close-mouthed. "Does you good to get away," he said.Steve looked round, distracted, until Sam caught his eye and raised his eyebrows. Then he faced forward again. He made a conscious effort to keep his voice steady and light when he said, "Hear the weather's pretty good in the south of France.""Sure," said James after a moment. "Been working on my tan." 
 Steve was grateful to Natasha ever after for finding the opening. It was only a small moment of unbending, but it was a turning point."Looks like there's someone in there after all, huh," was how Sam put it.James talked now—not much, but more than he had before. Sometimes he smiled about things that weren't successful mission outcomes. So far they hadn't succeeded in making him laugh, but Steve and Natasha were in a competition to see who could do it first. James smirked and put up with their clowning tolerantly, even past the point on one Hydra-hunting expedition where Sam remarked, "Man, if I was you right now I would shoot them both and not even feel guilty about it.""Biding my time," said James.There was a moment of horrified silence on the comm.Natasha was the first to crack up. Steve grinned, listening to her giggle helplessly in his ear, and knocked out three Hydra goons with one well-aimed shield toss. "Nice of you to warn us," he said."You know me," said James's voice in his ear. "Friendly that way."James wasn't precisely friendly, ever. But Steve thought it was more not knowing how than not wanting to. That mission was the first time he stuck around longer than ninety seconds after Hill finished debriefing them, but not the last. Steve practiced acting like he didn't mind either way—practiced not pushing, taking his cue from Natasha and Sam, who were both good at it—and it worked.He realized he wasn't the only one mentally timing James's willingness to stay with them on the day when he came all the way down the street to get a coffee with them and Natasha murmured after he left, "Seventeen minutes. New record."Strangely enough, James behaving like a person instead of—something else—made it easier to do what he'd asked and call him James without thinking about it. Steve supposed he'd been imagining the old Bucky, the man he remembered, hiding just under the blank surface. But he was coming to see that the man under the surface was someone different: quieter, colder, with a darker sense of humor.If there were occasional glimpses of something dear and familiar—if something in the way James stood or spoke 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Hurt/Comfort
don't mess around with infinity gems

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

