Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
“Hello Mr. Rogers.” T’challa greets, nodding to the rest of the team. “I’m here to inform you all that you can go home.”“What?” Wanda asks, bouncing excitedly. There’re smiles all around the room.“You will of course have to sign the revised Accords, but the United States President has arranged for you to be pardoned, and will not be extraditing you to any of the other countries you’ve committed crimes in.” T’challa says, and Steve wants to scold the young king on being rude.“So, we can go home?” He asks, deciding then and there he’ll sign the stupid accords he’s missed the compound.“Yes, however there are stipulations, if you wish to remain active Avengers, you’ll need to sign these documents.” T’challa gestures for the woman with him to pass out the papers.  “We fought against the Accords, are we really going to sign them now?” Sam asks, and Steve can’t help but frown. Yes, they fought, but that was because Tony was stopping him from helping Bucky.“Mr. Wilson, I have personally been working to ensure that the Accords are amended to provide protections for Enhanced individuals.” T’challa explains, and Steve can’t help but think there’s something he isn’t saying.“We’re ready to come home.” Steve declares, and without a thought he takes the documents and starts signing,“Heck yeah!” Wanda agrees taking her own set, and settling down to sign.“I’m gonna see my kids again.” Clint says, and Steve smiles sadly at the man. It’s terrible that he was away from his kids so long just because Stark was angry, but now they’re going home.“Your Majesty, is there someone who can help me read through these?” Scott asks, and Steve blinks at him. Read through them? They’re going home. “I’m not great with legal speak.”“Of course, Mr. Lang this is Basena, she’ll be able to help you in the library.” T’challa offers, and the woman smiles at him and heads out of the room.“See you guys stateside!” He waves to the group before following after her. Steve can’t help but shake his head at the man’s choice to waste his time reading everything.“I’m not sure about this.” Sam says, and it does feel too good to be true, but they’ve earned their happy ending.“The sooner we sign the sooner we get home Sam.” Steve assures him, and Sam nods.“Yeah, you’re right Steve.” He takes the documents.Steve’s skim of the documents reveals headings like housing, provided by Stark he assumes, applying to the Avengers, not something they’ll have to do they’re already the Avengers, and payment, which is good they should be paid for saving the world.Within 6 hours of receiving the documents they’re stepping off a Wakandan plane back on American soil.“Hello Mr. Rogers, Mr. Barton, Mr. Wilson, and Ms. Maximoff.” A woman he’s never met before greets. “A pleasure to have you back,” It rings false, and Steve wonders what Stark said to this poor woman. “You may call me Mrs. Lopez. I will be your liaison with the Accords.”“Hi Mrs. Lopez.” Steve greets.“Now, as you all have read your documents, let’s tour the Avengers compound.” She says, turning to lead them into the building.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
The Accords
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Deserves Better
not wanda maximoff friendly
Sam Wilson Redemption

fandom: 
None
