Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony Stark had always known that life wasn’t fair. He knew before he’d started to read the Harry Potter books in his late twenties and got drawn into the world of magic; the battle of the Chosen One against noseless Voldemort, and the constant demand for Butterbeer, and other hilarious outrageous demands. Like, having friends and going through betrayals. Tony liked Harry, how could he not? It was so easy to sympathise with him and reading about him dying – but then to be alive again? It had made his heart soar. Back then it was all Tony needed after the death of his parents, it was a perfect distraction while he tried to do his best as CEO of Stark Industries and Obi lending him a hand or five. There had also been Pepper who made sure he survived, ate more than just cheeseburgers.It used to be good. And he had fucked it up, hadn’t he?He had thought he was doing good, that he was finally doing better but –A dry laugh escaped him. It seemed that a Voldemort could only be redeemed with his death, after all. Ah well, he did hope he would be more of a Harry than a Snape. Alas, it seemed his story would not go that way. That was fine.He knew he was asking a lot of Pepper but– he held onto the glass ceiling, a grim determination settling in him – it would be better if Obadiah and he went out together. The only hope at this point was that Pepper wasn’t going to hold herself responsible for his death. She could worry about other stuff. Like, that no one was going to hurt her or made her life more. Take care that his Platypus would be doing all right without him. Oh, and that the weapon manufacturing was still put on hold but honestly, he trusted Pepper. She was amazing.So, yelling at her to just press the button and blowing them up? Surprisingly easy.The arc reactor glowed intensely –It was blowing up. All he could think for a moment was, ‘That looks like it’s straight coming out of a bad science-fiction movie.’  Then, everything became bright in the dark sky –He closed his eyes. Accepted his fate.It was hot, his suit had been hit –He opened his mouth in a silent scream, the brightness vanished, city lights were all that was left.The Iron Man suit was heavy. His chest hurt.
Was Pepper all right?
The first thing he saw was Obadiah tumbling over the edge, falling into the arc reactor below him and –Fire.Good riddance, he thought numbly, and his limbs felt heavier than ever. Was this how he was going to end? In a fire, of all things?Everything started to hurt. It was as if his heart got pierced by Dum-e’s claw, with the same clumsiness but far, far deadlier and he wanted to scream –But all that came out was a gasp, something warm ran over his lips, dripping.Oh no.The arc reactor was flickering.Truth was, Tony didn’t want to die just yet. Despite his brave words in the beginning, he felt like his story had only just begun and it couldn’t be over yet.Everything was silent around him. He didn’t hear the traitorous clacking of stilettos somewhere, there were no voices, only him under a dark sky and his lonesome light that flickered out and, he exhaled with too much blood on his lips, stayed out.Was this poetic justice, he wondered? His payment for his mistakes in the past? A life for thousands of oth– 
Round 1
He woke with a silent gasp on his lips. It was dark around him, only yellow light was glowing above him. He was still in the cave, the cave. His chest hurt. His head was pounding. Coldness spread in him, and he pulled the thin blanket closer around his body, careful as to not to jostle the cables which –Tony’s eyes widened dramatically.He was still in the cave. He sat up, a hand reaching up to where the auto battery sat in his chest.“Why-“ He shook his head. Something was wrong. He thought he had gotten out of the cave?
“Stark?” 
“Yinsen?” he asked, his voice shaking.“Yes.”He was alive. He was alive and – he wasn’t dead, he wasn’t laying in a cave somewhere, dead and buried by stone.He inhaled shakily. “I had a weird dream.” A quiet confession. It had been so realistic. The heat on his face, the fire around him; the last glimmer of life in Obi’s eyes when he dropped, weighed down by the heavy suit –Were his dreams always this realistic and he’d just forgotten about them when he was drunk? He smiled without feeling particularly humorous.“Sometimes dreams can be a warning.” Yinsen’s thin voice broke him from his stupor. “What did you dream about, Stark?”“My godfather,” Tony started to explain. “That he betrayed me.” His eyes flickered to the nearest camera and lowered his voice to a whisper, so low that Yinsen almost didn’t catch it. “That he put me here.”Yinsen’s eyes widened.“The reactor worked though,” Tony continued, his voice rough. “And back home, he tried to kill me and Pepper.”Yinsen had been dead in his dream, he realised. Dead. Tony had failed him in this and Yinsen; Yinsen had wanted to die. He swallowed.“Yinsen-““Yes?”“Do you miss your family a lot?”A small smile slid on Yinsen’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ho Yinsen
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wordcount: Over 100.000
Groundhog Day
Slow Burn
Angst
Angst and Feels
Hurt/Comfort
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Violence
Canon-Typical Violence
Fix-It of Sorts
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Time Loop
Suicide
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Fights
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Drugs
Depression
Murder
Pining
Mutual Pining
Developing Friendships
Heroes to Villains
Morally Ambiguous Character
Guilt
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Marvel 616 References
Body Modification
Saving the World
Lies
Mental Health Issues
Mind Reading
Fluff
Gallows Humor
Torture
Falling In Love
Idiots in Love
Explosions
Minor Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Has Trust Issues
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
ADD/ADHD Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Nightmares
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
Extremis Tony Stark
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Is Not Helping
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Warning: Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
whump tony stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Whump
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Fluffy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ho Yinsen
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

