Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Siberia The icy wind howled through the archways leading into the bunker. The white snow, painted with specks of blood shone brightly in the moonlight. Snow gently fell onto the already covered concrete ground. On the ground, amidst a puddle of blood lay Tony Stark trapped in his Iron Man suit. His lips were a pale blue and his eyes glassy and unseeing. The anger had left him for some time now, replaced by sadness, fear and resignation towards his death. While he had been on the verge of dying a few times already, this was the first time he felt like he would not survive. And a part of him did not want to. All feeling in his body had left him. Even the cold was not a thought on his mind. They say that when you are dying your life flashes before your eyes and Tony can say that this time it is true for him too. He remembered his past failures, as well as his greatest achievements. He thought of his closest friends Pepper, Rhodey and Happy, who were his family in all but blood. Tony remembered the time Pepper and he kissed, only to part quickly and agreeing that it felt like kissing their sibling. He even thought of his father and mother, though it is not surprising with the previous events. He had always thought that it was his father's fault that his mother died and now…. now it turns out that that backstabbing liar had been hiding the truth of their deaths from him. Tony did not know what to feel towards his father anymore. It is true that he might not have been the cause of his beloved mother's death but he never was a great father. But his mother… oh, how he missed his beloved mother. The room seemed to lighten every time she entered it. She was thoughtful, beautiful, wise and kind. While his father ran the company, she held charity events of grandeur. People flocked to her like she was the belle of the ball. She was able to hold the attention of every person, even the worst sort of people listened and followed her. She didn’t deserve to die like this. She deserved much more than her death being covered by a lie. Steve… no Rogers should have told him as soon as he found out. Oh great. Now he is thinking about that asshole again. Steve Fucking Grant Rogers. How dare he! How dare he not tell him the truth! How dare he use his money… His Money! to find the murderer of his beautiful mother. How dare he use the shield His Father made to ram it into his chest. How dare he…. betray him so… so. He thought they were family. He thought the Avengers would care about him. He thought Rogers… would..care. Tony was happy he was going to die because he felt utterly hollow and broken. On the other hand, he didn't want to leave the rest of his family behind. Rhodey...Oh, Rhodey. He would never walk again. His brother would have to leave the army, his childhood dream and be stuck in an uncomfortable wheelchair. Tony would never see him again. Oh, how he regretted ever giving Rhodey a suit. If he had never given it to Rhodey, Rhodey would still be able to walk. Pepper, well Pepper will be heartbroken when he dies. With Rhodey in the hospital and him soon to be dead, it would only leave Happy to comfort her. He did not want to leave them, his only family. He did not want to leave the Spiderling in a world on the verge of chaos, especially for mutants and superhumans. With him gone Ross could unleash a tidal wave of a massacre. He could only hope that Pepper would be enough.
All he ever wanted in life was to be loved. Real love. He wanted to be accepted as he was, he wished to have someone beside him who understood him and who helped him be a better man. He wanted someone who saw him for who he was. Not the Tony Stark or Iron Man, just Tony. He wanted somebody who would not use him for their own benefit, a shoulder to lean on when needed and a protector, who would keep him safe. A person Pepper would approve of. Well, Rogers never was as good as he portrayed. He hopes that his mother waiting for him. Tony thoughts began to jumble together. Grey began to sweep over his eyes.Just before losing consciousness, he heard a loud “CRACK!”.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Master of Death Harry Potter
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Soulmates
Near Death Experiences
Magic
Science
Merchant of Death Tony Stark
spiderson
Irondad

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

