Work Text:
It's Bucky who drags Steve into the little shop down in the Village during one of their rambling citywide walks. The place has blacked out windows and headless models displayed in provocative poses wearing tight leathery things. Bucky expects Steve to say Uncle and beat a hasty retreat as soon as he sees what's for sale. But he doesn't. He just walks over to a prominent shelf and takes stock of the merchandise with a thoughtful hum."Ah, here it is." Steve pulls the colorful blister pack off the shelf and holds it up for Bucky to see. "That’s. Your dick," Bucky says slowly. Cap’s Cock, the label says, alongside a crude, muscled Captain America cartoon character tossing out a salute. The dildo itself is, according to the fine print, the finest lifelike silicone. It’s big. And it’s got veins. And a suction cup at the base whose purpose takes Bucky a minute to understand."Yeah, it was for charity. It wasn’t comfortable but the mold process is pretty interesting." Steve weighs the box in his hand, his lips twisting to the side with an artist’s eye for critique. "I don’t think they got my skin tone right. It's more pink than that." "Is it?" Bucky growls. "I couldn’t say." Because even after all this time, he still hasn’t seen Steve’s supersoldier cock. But apparently in this day and age anyone with $29.95 can get a decent replica. The unfairness of this is of galactic proportions. This journey inside the blue store was supposed to be funny: make good ol’ upstanding Steve blush, show him all the gadgets and gizmos they’ve got these days, maybe give him a good idea of what men can get up to with each other. Maybe offer to show him, even. But no. Steve is the one making Buck blush, for god’s sake."So, what do you think?" Steve gives him a grin and holds up the box like he’s giving it away on a game show. "In the market for a piece of an American hero?" he says, stealing from the package copy. Bucky’s jaw ticks. “You know what?” He plucks the box from Steve’s hands. “Maybe I am.”He heads to the register, pointedly not paying any mind to Steve's groans. The boy at the counter rings him up dispassionately. He has a piercing in his face, which Bucky stares at a little. "Cash or credit?" he asks, pulling out a black plastic bag."Buck, come on," Steve says, picking his way through the crowded displays to stand beside Bucky. "Quit horsing around." "Oh hey." The cashier points to Steve. "You're— Whoa." He points to the sex toy's package, then back at Steve. His eyes widen slightly. "You're a bestseller." "Thanks." Steve nods. "I, uh, appreciate that." "Can you autograph some product for the store?" Bucky ignores the kid. "It's a free country, so they say," he tells Steve. "I got the money; I can buy whatever I want." Granted, the money's from Steve, but he called it Buck's walking-around money, so that makes it his."If you're trying to embarrass me—" Steve says. "Here, I have some Sharpies. I think the silver looks cool, but hey, your call." The kid produces an array of markers in a fan on the counter."Who says I'm trying to embarrass you?" Bucky shoots back. "You're obviously very proud. Proud and upstanding." He waggles the box in the air to illustrate. Steve pinches the bridge of his nose. "Look, it was Stark's idea. It was for a good cause. The news outlets had a field day for a while—you know how they love to poke fun—but then the next crisis happened and that was that. It was silly, and it was juvenile, but we raised over twelve million dollars for the Grand Central restoration." "Also it made him, like, a total queer icon," the cashier pipes up. Bucky turns to the kid with a glare. "Say again?""Yeah, like overnight. It was pretty wild. We still sell about two dozen Cap movies a week. Package deal with the toy, you get ten percent off a DVD." The kid points to the shelves behind him, which, Bucky now sees, are stuffed full of movies with titles like Land of the Cream and Star Dangled. The men on the covers are overly muscled, dyed blond, square-jawed parodies of the real Steve, all of them draped in cleancut, lithesome boys with dark hair.Well, isn't that just perfect. Bucky snorts. "They can't be any worse than the flicks you made back in the day," he says to Steve. "You'd be surprised," Steve says cryptically.Bucky forgoes the DVD deal to the disappointment of the cashier, but Steve signs the remaining dongs on the shelf, which perks him right up again. He even calls Steve 'sir' and wishes them a good day. Bucky clutches his plain black plastic bag with a frown.Steve whistles all the way to the 1 train.

———————————————————————-
Bucky tosses the still-packaged dildo on the coffee table. Not one of the Avengers even looks up from their projects-slash-magazines."Was anyone going to inform me of this?" Bucky asks the room at large. Nat shrugs and turns a glossy page. "You didn't ask. Besides, that was like two years ago. Who cares?" Steve brushes past him to snag a half-eaten carton of beef and broccoli. Damn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Romantic Comedy
Friends to Lovers
Unrequited Love
Bisexual Character
Asexual Character
Trans Character
Deaf Clint Barton
Mental Health Issues
Sex Toys
Dildos
Masturbation
Bottom Steve Rogers
Second-Hand Embarrassment
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

