Chapter 1: The Beginning
    




Chapter Text

Peter had moved into Avengers Tower after the tumultuous fight between “Team Iron Man” and “Team Cap” (as well as the reconciliation) and it had been a dream come true. Meeting each of them under better circumstances was a gift to the young genius and he cultivated unique friendships with each. 

The first had been Pepper, though they weren’t exactly friends. She had been introduced to Peter when Mr. Stark returned from Germany with him in tow and at first, she had been angry that he was there, but only because he was so young. Which she told Mr. Stark. A lot. When he moved in not two weeks later she had been inviting and interested in not only his powers but how his day was, what he and Ned were doing after school, and other mundane things. While Mr. Stark was oftentimes spacey about the day-to-day events in Peter’s life, Pepper was the exact opposite. He remembered the big days in Peter’s life while she knew the small stuff. 
She brought him gifts from each place she travelled on business and he returned the favor with pictures of cute dogs he saw while on patrol. Pepper even hassled Peter about eating right and his grades, but he didn’t really see it as a hassle. No, he kind of enjoyed her caring nature even if he would never admit it to anyone other than himself. When she was at the Tower he always made sure to make time for her between school, working with Mr. Stark, and patrolling through New York. Sometimes they would binge-watch shows or read, both spent in a companionable silence that Peter found himself enjoying even as he got older and really began to notice Pepper. 
Peter had felt guilty at first. Pepper was Mr. Stark’s wife, and here he was, watching her like some kind of perv. It took a few weeks for Peter to realize that he shouldn’t feel too guilty. It wasn’t like he watched her through FRIDAY or just stared, he appreciated her whether she was destroying the careers of sexist white men or lounging around the Tower in a pair of cuffed jean shorts.  
Spending time with Pepper took up his first few weeks at the Tower and then he really began to meet with Mr. Stark. The older man would request him in the lab or they would discuss schematics over dinner, something that Peter delighted in immensely because he got to see Pepper smile at the man adoringly as he ranted about something to the spiderling. (Sometimes he wondered if he would ever be on the receiving end of that smile) 
After school, Peter went straight to Mr. Stark’s personal lab, the floor directly below the penthouse for convenience, and sometimes he would even allow Peter to help work on the latest Iron Man suit. Never anything big, just adding suggestions or screwing in plates, but it made Peter’s heart swell all the same. Working in the lab with his idol was just as special to him as watching Supernatural with Pepper. He loved to hear the man mutter to himself as he soldered or hum along to whatever playlist FRIDAY chose to play from. It was a new kind of rush for Peter to speak and have someone actually understand and be able to bat equally complex ideas back at him. (If that’s when he started to fall a little in love with the older man, well, no one needed to know.)
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones/Shuri
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Eighteen
Sugar Baby Peter Parker
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Polyamory
Implied Sexual Content
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Natasha Romanov Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Bucky Barnes
Recreational Drug Use

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones/Shuri
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Pepper Potts

