Chapter 1: Prologue - First Contact
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
A meteor smashed into the rocky ground, throwing up rocks and dust around it as it broke the stone beneath it.No sounds echoed in the void, however. The moon was as silent as it had ever been and would always be. Countless rocks had hit the satellite of earth and countless more would doubtless hit it in the future. This time was different, however. Very different. Had any human seen the scene where the meteor had hit, they would instantly have noticed the pieces of broken metal in the aftermath of the meteorite. The now dozen pieces of broken steel had scratches and bulks from countless smaller stones, telling a tale of weathering the effects of space for countless years. Now, however, it was broken. Just beneath the surface, hidden in plain sight, a block of light grey metal had been rendered asunder. No symbol marked it, no bolts or any sign of welding suggested that it had ever been anything other than one singular piece of metal. The block had been roughly the size of a swimming pool. Inside it had contained something which was roughly the size of a gym ball. A perfectly circular black sphere, so dark it might as well be another part of the black void of space.If the sphere had been affected by the meteor crashing into and breaking the metal around it, it had left no mark. The sphere began to rise up from the remains of its prison, and the piece of rock which had burst it asunder. There were no signs of any obvious propulsion helping the orb to fly. But fly it did. With no seeming difficulty, the orb escaped the gravity of the moon and began a journey towards the blue planet the moon circled around. After a controlled descent through the atmosphere, the sphere crashed down in the ocean off of the coast of a large island east of the largest landmass on the planet. The orb sank into the depths. As the water began to subsume it, cracks began to appear. The pressure of the sea doing what space had not been able to do. Finally, as the sphere reached the bottom, with one final "CRACK" the sphere broke inward. Had any creature of bone and flesh been inside, they would have been crushed. But out of the now broken sphere, nothing but an inky black substance spilled out into the sea. ---Hunger. So weak. Had to find… nourishment. Food. Host. Yes. Host. Find host. Darkness all around. There was life all around. Smaller things and larger things. But no, not hosts. No emotion, just instinct. No food. No nourishment. Was there no food? Was it… Was… was the… Water. Yes, water. Was the water empty of true life? No… There… In the distance.Yes. Far away, but it was there. Feelings. Emotions. LIFE.---The inky black mass, invisible in the darkness of the ocean depths, began to slither, slowly, weakly, but determinedly, to the northwest. Towards civilization. Towards life. Towards destiny. ---Izuku midoriya was not having a good day.His good days were generally the ones where Kachan didn't deign himself to notice him. Of course, that wasn't the case today. It had all started with their teacher announcing it was time to lay out their hopes for the future. Unsurprisingly, every single member of the class had announced in some way that they wanted to become professional heroes. Even Izuku had done that, meekly raising his hand. It could have ended with that, but of course, it didn't. Kacchan had of course taken the spotlight and declared himself to be on another level as he was wont to do. He liked to do that. Shout his supremacy so all could hear it as if his quirk didn't speak for itself. As Kacchan was loudly announcing his plans to go to Yuei, someone had muttered something about how Izuku was also planning on trying to get into Yuei.What had followed was a humiliation from the entire class led by Kacchan as he had destroyed his desk and blown him away with an explosion, then humiliated, threatened, and derided both him and his goals as the class had laughed. It generally wasn't this bad. Really, it wasn't. After the commotion had died down, everything had gone back to normal(other than izuku having to go get a new desk) and he hadn't been humiliated for the rest of the school day. He really hoped that would be it, right up until the end of the day, when Kacchan snapped up one of his notebooks from the new desk. "We're not done Deku."Around them, Kacchan's regular group gathered around. The rest of the class, including their teacher, continued out. Some shot glances at izuku and Kacchan as they headed out. Some had a guilty look on their face, some smugness, some indifference. Kacchan held up his notebook for his friends to see. "For the future_Hero Analysis B!" Kacchan said in a mocking tone. "For the future?" One of his friends replied. Then he laughed. "HAHA, for real? Goddamn Midoriya!!" Izuku shook, both out of fear and of desperation. That notebook mattered to him. He'd spent the last half-y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Midoriya Izuku Has the Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Crossover
obviously
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Coming of Age
Romance
world building
Canon-Typical Violence
Izuku Midoriya/Mina Ashido - Freeform

fandom: 
None
