Work Text:
When Mr Harrington announces the class field trip to Stark Industries, Peter takes a moment to feel  extremely sorry for himself, before he sucks it up and prepares himself for an embarrassment-induced death. Privately, he apologises to Tony, who had almost died to bring Peter back from the dead -well, Peter and half of the rest of the universe- because clearly Tony’s almost-sacrifice would be in vain now, because yep, Peter was definitely going to die. Peter Benjamin Parker, 2001-2025,  his tombstone would say.  Died because he was too embarrassed by his adoptive family, The Avengers, Earth’s Mightiest Heroes. Well, it was a good eighteen years alive, anyway, and at least he wouldn’t die without knowing what dating someone was like- mentally, he sends an apology to Harley as well, because, well, he’d only been dating his boyfriend for just over a year, and now Harley would have to live on without him.Ah well. Harley would survive.So Peter sulks in the back of the classroom, barely listening as Mr Harrington waves the consent forms in the air, clearly overly excited about the trip to Stark Industries. Peter  knew that Stark Industries didn’t do high school tours, so Mr Harrington’s excitement was understandable, at least.Still.The rest of the class was even more excited than Mr Harrington, Peter could tell, and  far  noisier, enough so that it set his teeth on edge. Superhearing was a pain to have, sometimes, but at least the class wasn’t unbearably loud. Still, he could hear Flash yelling something about “Oh my God, do you think we’ll see the Avengers? Oh my  God,  do you think we’ll see  Spiderman?” Beside him, Ned has latched on to his arm and is shaking him non-stop, as easily excitable as ever and babbling non-stop about the amazing opportunity this field trip was.(Peter very kindly does not remind Ned that he visits Peter at Avengers Tower at least twice a month.)On his other side, MJ lets out a low scoff, and continues sketching even as she arches a brow and says, “How does a field trip to your own house feel, nerd?”Peter scrubs at his face, exhausted. “It probably sounds more fun than it actually is, honestly. At least I could probably count on Harley to be nice to me- oh, who am I kidding, he was probably the one who approved this field trip to begin with.”MJ laughs outright then, and actually looks up from her sketchbook. “Nice boyfriend you got there, huh?”Peter huffs.”Alright everyone, remember to take one of the consent forms and bring them back signed by Thursday, since the field trip is on Friday,” Mr Harrington says, and Peter can only sigh as he gathers up his stuff into his backpack.Well, at least it would be a chance to show Flash that he really  did have an internship with Stark Industries.As Peter walks past Mr Harrington’s desk to grab a form on his way out of the classroom, Mr Harrington holds up a hand to stop him. “Peter, wait a moment, I want to speak with you.”Blinking, Peter nods. “Sure, what’s the matter, Mr Harrington?”Mr Harrington shakes his head, and gestures toward the consent forms on the table. “Peter, I’m sure you’re aware of this, but when the school allows students on field trips, especially to important companies like Stark Industries, every action a student makes is reflective of the school. That’s why I needed to tell you that unless you come clean about the truth of your Stark internship, I can’t let you go on this trip. Lying about having an internship with Stark Industries is one thing when it’s just harmless gossip to show off, Peter, but lying about it when we’re  actually about to visit Stark Industries is another matter altogether. I just hope you can tell me the truth about this, Peter, I don’t want to have to ban you from this trip, it’s a once in a lifetime opportunity, after all.”Peter blinks again. He’d suspected that Mr Harrington didn’t believe him when he’d said that he had an internship with Stark Industries -well, it was really less of an internship and more of a job, at this point. He  was set to own one third of the company once Tony and Pepper retired, after all- but he hadn’t expected Mr Harrington to openly act on that suspicion without any hard evidence.Peter sighs. “I really do have an internship with Stark Industries, sir-”“Peter, please. Don’t lie to me, I’ve already checked, Stark Industries doesn’t offer internships to highschoolers.”“That’s because I’m Mr Stark’s perso-”Mr Harrington sighs. “Peter, no more of the personal intern lie, please, we’ve all heard enough of it.”“But, I’m really-”“Peter, I didn’t want to do this, but unless you tell me the truth before Friday, I’m banning you from the field trip,” Mr Harrington says, and Peter can only frown. “You’re free to go, Peter, but  please consider confessing before Friday, you’re one of the best students in class, and I’d really hate to take this opportunity away from you.”Peter sighs again, and shoulders his bag. At least he won’t have to worry about being embarrassed by his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Harley Keener
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Clint and Sam too
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Bully Flash Thompson
no flash redemption in this one sorry
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Good Friend Ned Leeds
well actl ned and nj dont talk much comparatively but there is
moral support i guess
they are good friends
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
well it pretty much follows canon until endgame except tony doesnt die
ignores the events of far from home
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
also i kind of ignored the possible age differences in peters class due to the snap
i have no idea how to tag this honestly what genres does this even fall under
Comedy
Crack Treated Seriously
Fluff and Crack
i guess theres fluff
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Family Fluff
Team as Family
thats all i guess
oh right this also ignores a bunch of things like
selling stark tower
and the avengers being at the compound technically
but i guess you could explain it off as tony bought back the tower
and the avengers can stay at both the compound and the tower
Relationship Reveal
Reveal
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Harley Keener is Tony Stark's Adopted Child
i mean i used the term legal ward but yes

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

