Chapter 1: Here We Start
    




Chapter Text
“We could move up north, y’know.” The blonde murmured and turned onto her side to stare at her dark-skinned lover. “I don’t think we’d have to hide around as much as we do now.” And then she leaned out to brush a kiss over the dark tattoo etched onto her lover’s neck. “We could have us a nice apartment and we could sleep in an actual bed, so we wouldn’t have to sneak out to some ol’ barn. It’d be real nice, Josie. Don’t yah think?” The other woman hummed. “I don’t think a colored and a white could live with each other, Quinn. Even up north.” When her expression saddened, Josephine leaned out to kiss her forehead. “But it would be nice.” Then she smiled but it came out bittersweet. “Maybe we’d meet your matches while we’re up there.” “You ain’t no comedian, sweetheart.” Quinn drawled and touched the soul mark on Josie while she insisted that, “my match is here. See where my name is? That’s what that means. You’re supposed to be the smart one, ain’t yah?” As Josie leaned up from the old blanket, Quinn looked over her bare back and wanted to run a hand across the expanse of smooth skin, but then her lover turned around and shook her head. “No, mon chère,” Quinn winced when Josie traced one of the marks that ran up and down her side. “You’re my match, but I’m not yours.” Her lower lip trembled. “We shouldn’t do this no more.” “Whoever these fellas are,” the blonde hissed and leaned up to motion toward the two names scrawled on each of her sides. “Neither of them are you. I love you, Josephine DuPont. Ain’t no bad soul mark gonna change that for me. So, don’t you feel bad about it, okay?” Then, she started to backtrack because, shit, “unless you don’t love me and I…I didn’t mean to pressure you like that—” “Of course I love you.” Josie whispered and leaned forward to nip at that spot on her neck that made Quinn melt. “I’ve loved you from the second I could read your name.” She breathed out. “Just…wish I deserved you, is all it is, honey.”   Someone shoved their boot into her stomach and that tore Quinn from her dreams—no, from her memories. The blonde rolled over onto her side with a moan of pain and opened her eyes in time to watch a soldier sneer at her in German before he slammed the door to her cell shut. As he walked back up the hall, her steel blue eyes narrowed in on the cell across from her own where the nurses of her battalion resided. Most of them were curled up with one another in the back of the cell, borrowed heat from each other, but one, Helen Winchester, had scurried to the front to look over at Quinn worriedly. “Are you okay?” Helen whispered. “Should ask you that, honey,” Quinn mumbled, but in the silence, it was plenty loud. God, whatever those doctors had shoved up her arm made her entire body hurt. “How is everyone?” Which meant: is everyone alive? Has anyone died from starvation, dehydration, or hypothermia yet? Despite how much she wanted to curl in on herself and sleep, she moved to sit up and stare at the other women. The redhead shook her head and stared at Quinn with tears in her eyes. “We’re fine.” She insisted. “But you’re not, are you? Good God, Quinn. You shouldn’t have stood up to them like that. Look at how awful you look. You’re so…” She wiped at her wet cheeks. See, but how was she supposed to tell them that she had experience with evil men? Because the lot of them had trained with each other, had been shipped out overseas with each other, had spent the last six months hand-in-hand and Quinn knew that if she told them about that then they would’ve taken her place on that steel table. And there was no way in hell that she would let them experience that kind of pain. Lord, these women had become her sisters. Just the same as if Liam or Josie or Ma or Pa had been there in their places, she would’ve done her damned hardest to keep them safe. “I know, I know,” Quinn breathed out and tried not to make a face because of the pain. “I’m stubborn as a mule. Heard that my whole life, y’know,” she added before she stared Helen down. “Now, move your ass back over there and keep warm.” “Don’t worry about us.” Helen snapped. Yeah, well, Quinn would always worry about someone until the day she died. That was the kind of person that she was. Still, she decided to keep quiet and let Helen have some peace of mind. Jeez, those Germans had to ambush them before they could reach camp and be issued their winter uniforms, didn’t they? Still dressed in the standard white dress, the bitter cold bit at her skin and sunk down into her bones. It made her shiver and huddle over a little bit more. The other nurse released a frustrated breath. “I don’t know how you can be so brave. You should have a medal or be promoted.” Yeah, like that would ever happen. “Whoever’s on your mark sure is one lucky fella. I’m sure he’ll be real proud of you.” “Don’t be humble. You’re brave, too.” Whenever someone tried to talk about soul marks with her, Quinn always balked and clam
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Past Original Female Character/Original Female Character
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Captain America: The First Avenger
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Canon-Typical Violence
Threesome - F/M/M
Polyamory
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Female Character
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Period Typical Attitudes
Hate Crimes
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Past Relationship(s)
Peggy Carter Is a Good Bro
Implied/Referenced Torture
Mentions of Children Used in Illegal Activities
Illegal Activites Being Bootlegging
Alcohol
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Past Rape/Non-con
Panic Attacks
Accidental Voyeurism
Masturbation
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Vaginal Fingering
Dirty Talk
Rimming
Frottage
Moral Dilemmas
Harm to Children Due to War
Derogatory Language
Vaginal Sex
Schmoop
Canon Compliant
Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Past Original Female Character/Original Female Character
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

