Chapter 1: Buckle Up Real Tight
    




Chapter Text

  
 ------ Last Day of the Mission (Part 2) Fitz swept his thumb over the skin on the underside of Jemma's wrist, pale smoothness over finely-spun veins, taking comfort in her coolness and the pulse he felt there. With every pass, a different word flitted through his head, like a mantra of the things that had made up the past six months. Fear. Love. Anger. Desperation. Love. Hope. Peace. Love. Love. Love. Old Fitz – a much younger Fitz – the engineer who had barely ever left the lab and didn't have any relationships other than with his mother and lab partner, would have been terrified of the conversation they were now having, would probably have blanched at the thought that he and Jemma had been sleeping together and pretending to be married without ever knowing their true standing.Now, this Fitz, the new one who could hold a real gun steady and fire it, and would kill to protect Jemma without ever losing sleep over it – well, he was still scared. But having her pulse in his hand brought air into his lungs, and the strange peacefulness of knowing that dying to protect her was nothing more than his most basic purpose. His life for hers, at the sound of a gun. In his head, it seemed just that simple."Fitz, they're coming," Jemma murmured, peering around the edge of the ratty curtains without revealing herself in the window frame. That had been one of the first things they'd gotten to practice when they went out into the field: Don't give them a target.She glanced down at his hand on her wrist and sighed. "It's going to be strange, going back. Isn't it?""I don't want to go back, Jemma," Fitz whispered. ------ Fifteenth Day (Part 1) The lime-green Aston-Martin sped down the street, taking the corner on a dime, rear wheels skidding out and then snapping back into place as the accelerator slammed into the floor. Pedestrians scurried away from the edge of the sidewalk, eyeing the car as if its driver was going to turn the wheel towards them at any second.Inside the haphazardly-restored interior, Fitz had his tongue set in between his teeth, glancing in the rearview mirror to see if the cops had found them. Jemma, who had squealed loudly when they took the turn at far too fast a speed, quickly devolved into adrenaline-fueled giggles, not realizing that her hand was still wrapped tightly around Fitz’s forearm.“Oh my God, oh my God, Fitz, that was –” She hesitated, but Fitz read the smile on her face.“Really bloody fun.” Jemma dropped her head back against the worn-leather headrest. “Yes, it really was. Oh God, I’m not supposed to think robbery’s fun, though. Very –”“Not-good-girl?” As if to underscore this, Fitz took another sharp turn onto an empty street, trying not to be too pleased when she squeezed his arm that much harder.“That, yes.” Much to Fitz’s (unacknowledged) disappointment, she removed her hand from his arm to brush a large curl out of her face. “I just have to keep reminding myself that this particular shop owner is really a very nasty person, and Skye will pick up the money at the drop and distribute it to local charities. Really, we’re like Robin Hood.”Fitz chuckled, but glanced sideways at her when he let the car slow down a bit, finally sure that they weren’t being followed. “You know it won’t always be like that. We’re going to have to–”“I know,” Jemma whispered.They lapsed into silence, the V8 purring reliably under Fitz’s hands. After a minute, he grinned. “Did you see the look on the old twat’s face when the cash register popped open on its own? Practically drooled all down the front of his Confederate flag shirt. Jemma cracked up, doubling over. “Oh Fitz, I am never going to be tired of the looks people give us.”“That’s what you get for underestimating people, thankyouverymuch. Size isn’t everything.”She snorted. “I’m not even going to respond to that.”“I meant – I meant height, obviously! You’re not exactly willowy –” “Fitz.” Her tone had switched abruptly to that of ‘Agent’ Simmons and she was staring at pixelated green text on her phone, the terminal for Skye’s secure comm hack. “He’s been arrested.”A sharp turn of the wheel took them out of the center lane and Fitz slammed on the brakes. “Where is he?” “Seminole Avenue branch.”“Right.” He did a quick U-turn and laid on the gas. “We’re about ten minutes away. What’d’you think, another smash and grab?”“Oh, but we just did that. See if there’s a gas station on the way, that’s much easier.”“Good idea, they’ll call in more quickly, too.” He had to pull to a hard stop at a crowded intersection, and took a second to make eye contact, giving Jemma’s hand a fast squeeze. “Ready for this, partner?”She inhaled, and he knew they were both thinking about how this moment – this hour – was when they really committed to this mission. After this point, the secure comm line Skye had hacked into Jemma’s phone would go dark – it was too dangerous to keep using it regularly once they were embedded. The pas
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Leo Fitz & Jemma Simmons
fitzsimmons
Leo Fitz & Jemma Simmons & Skye

freeform: 
Violence
Crime AU
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-HYDRA
Angst
Surprising amounts of fluff
Fitz's POV
Blood and Violence
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Fake Marriage
Undercover
Undercover as a Couple
Undercover as Married
Undercover Missions
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Explicit Sexual Content
Fluff
Resolved Sexual Tension
Sexual Tension
Sexual Content
Fluff and Angst
Pining
Fuck Or Die

fandom: 
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Leo Fitz & Jemma Simmons
fitzsimmons
Leo Fitz & Jemma Simmons & Skye

