Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Three months. That’s how long it took for the Ex-Avengers to accept the Accords. Altered with a few of their personal demands, of course. Natasha pointed out that, even if Ross wasn’t entirely on-board with their pardons, his superiors were more than likely to be desperate for their return. They knew how to play their hand. After all, the Avengers were the only ones who were capable enough: they saved New York, saved Sokovia from Ultron and even helped eradicate HYDRA. That was essentially their resume - that they are the  only ones who can do it, so you can take it or leave it. The government took it.  Three months. The Avengers Compound looks the same as the day he had left. He had expected Tony to at least make some changes, if not outside, then inside. Three months was a long time to go without any form of renovation for a building that houses Earth’s mightiest defenders. “At least he fixed the kitchen,” Clint says from beside him, heading straight for the refrigerator. Steve looks over to Bucky, and there’s a strange expression on his face as he takes in the surroundings. His right hand is rubbing the area on his other shoulder where metal meets skin, and Steve suddenly remembers Bucky mentioning a discomfort in his arm. Tony could look into that.“I’m surprised he even bothered,” Wanda sneers in response to Clint, sliding into one of the seats by the kitchen island in hopes that the archer would pull out something to eat. Her craving seems to be in vain, because after a few seconds of looking into the refrigerator, Clint slams it shut. “There’s no fuckin’ food!” “Stark,” Wanda hisses, turning her to glare at Steve. “This is his doing.” “I’ll talk to him,” Steve tries to console, but even he can’t help the slight irritation swelling up inside him. Stark knew they were coming - had been informed of it a week before they had left. Stark had more than enough time to equip the Compound with the required necessities. If it were anything related to Rhodes or Pepper, Steve was sure Tony wouldn’t have hesitated to be of use. This was more than just selfishness, it was plain childish. “Meanwhile, FRIDAY, could you order some takeaway for us? And tell Tony we’re here.” “Yes, Captain Rogers, what would you like? ” Comes the reply in the familiar voice of the AI, and Steve can’t help but notice how the AI chose not to acknowledge the second part of his request. “Pepperoni!” Clint answers for him, and when the others don’t show any disagreement, Steve clarifies for FRIDAY. “Make that four pepperoni pizzas. From Little Caesars, if you can.” “Your total will be $28.99. I am told it will arrive in approximately 45 minutes.”  “Um. It’s already paid for, right?” Steve asks, unsure of why FRIDAY was telling them the price. They had ordered food from her countless times, but this is the first time that she’s mentioned the price. “I’m sorry. By who?  ” And -  what ? That wasn’t what he had expected. Was Stark out-rightly refusing to pay for their food? “By your dear  boss! Where is he anyway? Stuck in his lab, or stuck in his ass?” Clint snaps, looking up at the ceiling as he tries to figure out where FRIDAY’s sensors are. “Mr. Barton, I would appreciate you not taking a hostile tone against my boss. The revised Accords have explicitly stated the financing process. Am I right to assume you have not gone through them, when it was your team who had forced the changes? ” Steve thinks he’s imagining it, but he can swear FRIDAY’s voice had turned cold, bordering defensive, even.“Of course we went through them!” The response from Clint comes almost immediately, and Steve doesn’t bother pushing down the guilt.  No,  they actually  hadn’t. Not thoroughly anyway, especially not the financing part - because when had Tony ever refused his resources? It was obvious that Tony would be funding them. “Hey, it’s fine,” Sam speaks up in an attempt to control the situation. “I’ll pay for it. I don’t think lashing out at Tony’s AI is going to help us.” “Don’t try to humanize him by calling him  Tony,”  Wanda doesn’t hold back the spite in her words as she continues, “He’s trying to make us  suffer. This is our home too. We have a right to be here, just as we have a right to its facilities.” She’s right, Steve thinks. This is clearly Tony trying whatever he can to make their stay difficult without being obvious about it. It’s not a small thing that they can ignore, neither is it that much of a big issue that Steve needs to take it to the Accords council. Tony’s clearly operating on the grey area that he’s exploited.  An hour into their arrival at the Compound, Steve was giving Bucky a tour of the building when he catches an unfamiliar figure making their way through the corridors. It was just a glimpse, but Steve knew enough to know it wasn’t an Avenger. He doesn’t hesitate before he starts chasing after the stranger - what if there was an intruder in the Compound? Maybe they had taken down FRIDAY. “Hey!” Steve calls
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
BAMF Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Post-Betrayal
Confrontations
Mild Blood
Not Steve Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Loki/Tony Stark

