Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes never really intended to become a single dad at twenty five. It had never been a factor in his ten year plan for him to get a call in the middle of the night from his ex, telling him she was in labor and if he wanted the kid then he needed to get his ass to the hospital or she was signing it over to social services. He really never expected to bring a newborn baby girl home to his bachelor pad, with no idea how to take care of her.It’s only been three days and he’s so tired he could cry, but it’s two in the morning and he finally got Estelle to stop screaming and fall asleep and he wouldn’t trade this moment for anything. She’s so tiny, only five pounds, small enough in his hands that he’s afraid he’s going to break her. But she’s got a head full of dark curls and her lips are moving in sucking motions still even though she finished her bottle a good ten minutes ago.“I’m gonna do right by you,” he whispers, tracing a finger down her tiny nose. “I don’t know much about this whole daddy thing now, but I’m gonna learn. I promise. I’ll take care of you.”He leans his head back against the wall, trying to quiet the surge of panic in his chest. He doesn’t even have a real bed for himself, just a mattress on the floor. Let alone a crib. He has no previous experience with babies and the New Parent paperwork packet the hospital had sent home with him says that you aren’t supposed to sleep in the same bed as your baby because it’s a suffocation risk but he has nowhere else to put her. She’s spent the last two nights asleep against his bare chest because Google said skin to skin contact is important for bonding. He’s about to run out of diapers and formula and he doesn’t have a damn clue how he’s supposed to go get more. For the past three years he’s been living on takeout and frozen dinners from the corner store. He doesn’t have a car and if he takes her with him, he won’t have the hands to carry all the shit he needs to buy.He has a shitty job and a shitty one bedroom fifth floor walk-up. He’ll be lucky not to get fired for taking the week off with no warning and he has no one to watch Estelle when he does go back to work. Dead parents, no friends, the neighbors all seem to hate him. God, he’s so fucked.Estelle has been asleep long enough that he can shift her to his shoulder instead of keeping her cradled in the crook of his left arm. She barely stirs and he breathes a sigh of relief, lying back against his pillows. Thank god he’s always been a back sleeper and not a stomach one because that would have been disastrous. He’s asleep almost as fast as his head hits the pillow.***A week ago if someone had told him he would be going out in public with vomit on his t-shirt and sweatpants and his hair matted and sticking out in all directions he would have laughed in their face. But these are the cleanest clothes he has left and he has no clue when he’ll get the opportunity to do laundry again. He doesn’t own any baby clothes so he had to cut the sleeve off of one of his sweaters and wrestle it- gently- onto Estelle like a miniature tube dress. He’s doing his best, okay? Surprisingly enough, Youtube didn’t have any DIY tutorials to offer for this shit.Estelle is screaming again- she screams a lot and here he was thinking newborns were supposed to sleep all the time- and the other patrons in the store are giving him dirty looks. He’d done the same thing over screaming children in public before he actually became a parent. What he wants to do now is shout like you could do any better at them. He doesn’t. He continues staring at the wall of formula choices in despair. He should have Googled this or bothered to look at the label on the can that the hospital had sent him off with. There’s just so many.“Hey,” someone taps his shoulder gently.Bucky sucks in a hard breath and turns, bracing himself for the inevitable shut that kid up demand. But the actual brick wall of muscle he comes face to face with is smiling, ducking his head shyly. “Guh,” is all Bucky manages to come up with. The guy looks like a walking wet dream, all blue eyes and blond hair and shiny, pouty lips.“You look a little overwhelmed,” the Greek God rubs a hand over the back of his neck, his cheeks actually blushing a soft rose color that Bucky could write sonnets about. “I used to know… a few things about babies. Does he cry like this a lot?”“She cries like this all the time.” The words spill out before Bucky really considers whether or not he wants to share the information with this total stranger, however unreal he may be. Maybe he’s just desperate for human contact after five days with no one but a screaming newborn for company. The neighbors occasionally bang on his door and yell at him to lower the noise but that doesn’t really count.“She probably has colic. What formula have you been giving her?”“Uh… whatever the hospital gave me. I don’t know.”“Okay….” The guy drags the word out, sucking his lower lip between his t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Past Bucky/OFC - Relationship
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Natasha Romanov
past bucky/omc

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Shrunkyclunks
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Found Family
Kid Fic
single dad bucky
Strangers to Friends
Friends to Lovers
Slow Burn
Domestic
Fluff
Babies
POV Alternating
accidental sugar daddy
Lonely Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Human Disaster Bucky Barnes
Mutual Pining
Slice of Life
Engineer Bucky Barnes
Autistic Steve Rogers
Stimming
Laser Tag
Thanksgiving
Hurt/Comfort
Sickfic
Christmas
post mission comfort
Lesbian Natasha Romanov
Gay Steve Rogers
Minor Sharon Carter/Natasha Romanov
and there was only one bed
Sharing a Bed
Bearded Steve Rogers
Clubbing
Drinking
Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Oral Sex
Getting Together
Explicit Sexual Content
Love Confessions
Mutual Masturbation
Anal Sex
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Vacation
Lighthouses
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Past Bucky/OFC - Relationship
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Natasha Romanov
past bucky/omc

