Chapter 1: Good Boy
    




Chapter Text
Bruce's hands were all over him, Bruce's length sliding inside him, and it was wonderful. Bruce grabbed a handful of Tony's hair and pulled. Tony liked that, he really did.
Bruce had been hesitant at first when Tony had explained what he wanted, had shown him how it could be when Bruce was in control. And Tony could give up control, give in to Bruce, to Bruce's hands on him, Bruce's body inside him… With Tony restrained, the big guy was completely in control, and Bruce taking control was a beautiful, delicious thing.
So, of course, when Bruce finally agreed, Tony immediately designed special biometric restraints that could be opened with Bruce's thumbprint. They'd used them several times, and Tony was really really enjoying being powerless in Bruce's hands.
Bruce's hands ran over the length of Tony's muscled back, his nails digging in slightly. The engineer practically purred. Bruce chuckled, increasing his pace, digging his fingers into Tony's shoulders.
"Oh," Bruce gasped, "You like that? That's good, that's so good."
Tony was lost in the sensations, better than flying in his latest suit. Bruce kissed his shoulder, then bit, ever so gently. Tony growled. Bruce sucked at his neck, getting rougher, marking him. It was good, so good.
But then he felt Bruce's lips near his ear, and Bruce whispered softly, "Yeah, you're my good boy, aren't you Tony."

You're my good boy.

It wasn't anything really, Tony knew that Bruce would never hurt him. But…but those words…they were so close to the other words, those words that he heard in his nightmares, spoken in a smooth voice, by hot breath in his ear tinged with the smell of cigars and large hands holding him down. Bruising him. Forcing him.
Hurting him.

You're my good boy. Show me you can be good.

Too close. Too close!
Tony froze. "Shawarma," he gasped. Their safe word, which Bruce had jokingly come up with. "Shawarma." He felt his chest constricting, memories he never wanted assailing him. It felt as if the arc reactor had been ripped from his chest and his heart was exploding. He had to escape.
Bruce stopped immediately. He eased out of Tony and removed his hands from Tony's body, and moved like lightning to unlock the restraints on Tony's wrists, freeing Tony's hands.
Tony sat up, curling his arms around himself.
Just trying to breathe.
Bruce was staring at him, his beautiful, kind eyes wide and terrified. Tony could tell that he had no idea what was happening. Tony wanted to reassure him, explain, but he couldn't speak. Couldn't breathe.
"Tony, what-?" Bruce raised a hand out to touch Tony but stopped inches from Tony's arms.
Tony just shook his head and leapt off the bed, running for the bathroom, without even grabbing his t-shirt. Once inside, he managed to  gasp out, "Jarvis, lock the door. No one gets in," before he found himself hunched over the toilet, hurling.
Just puking his fucking guts out.
Those memories were sharp, so sharp. Cutting him to pieces. In the past, anytime those memories tried to pop up, he just drank more or spent more or drove faster, or fucked harder. So why this? Why now? Was it because he was with Bruce, who he actually gave a shit about? He actually felt emotions for?
Tony almost laughed at the thought. Laughed at himself. Oh, shit, introspection was definitely not fun. Not his thing. As if confirming the idea, his stomach heaved again, and he held himself over the toilet. but it was only dry heaves now, pain wracking his stomach.  He lifted his arm, using his hand to steady himself against the marble cabinets. His head was spinning and he was shaking so bad he could hardly hold the towel he grabbed with his other hand to wipe his mouth.
He heard Bruce calling him, arguing with Jarvis, but couldn't focus on the words. Couldn't focus on anything.
Slowly he crawled, still naked, just the towel to cover himself, to the corner of the cavernous bathroom, curling into a niche next to the hot tub, his back propped against the cold tile, his arms around his knees, holding himself and trying to stop the shaking.
He tried closing his eyes, but that was worse. That way he could see, he could remember.

"You're my good boy, aren't you Tony?" Those hands, bigger than his, stronger than him, holding him down, and that voice, that always made him terrified and excited at the same time.


He said no, he fought, but he was smaller, weaker. Always weaker.


Then, for such a long time, he had tried to be a good boy, and had been betrayed anyway.

No! Tony shook his head, trying to shake out the memories. Not anymore! Never again!
Breathe. Breathe. He had to breathe.
In. Out
In. Out.
That's how it worked, right? He seemed to have forgotten. The pain in his chest was so strong.
In the background, he heard Bruce's voice getting louder, yelling, but he couldn't answer. He just couldn't.
In. Out.
In. Out.
"Sir" Jarvis interrupted. Jarvis' voice was soothing. "Dr. Banner is being most insistent on entering. He is ve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark
(Background) Clint Barton/Natasha Romanoff
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Established Relationship
Past Rape/Non-con
Non-Consensual Violence
Twisted and Fluffy Feelings
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Bottom Tony
Top Bruce
BDSM
Love
This Is My Ship and It Has Wrecked Me
Protective Avengers
Consensual Kink
Spanking
Torture
Self-Harm
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Angst
Hurt Tony
OFC - Freeform
OMC - Freeform
Avengers Family
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Protective Rhodey
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
BAMF JARVIS
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Feels
Childhood Trauma
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Hulk Feels
Protective Hulk
Rape Recovery
Hulk Talks
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Everybody watches Grey's Anatomy
Smoking
BAMF Nick Fury
BAMF Tony Stark
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark
(Background) Clint Barton/Natasha Romanoff
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

