Chapter 1: How it all began
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Mischief to manage - Chapter 1
How it all began

1973
Odin walked into his throne room followed by several guards. Everyone he passed bowed to him in fear. As he sat on the throne, one of the servants brought him a goblet filled with wine. The king muttered "thank you" and took a sip. He felt the cold liquid travel down his throat, but it didn't taste like his usual morning drink. Unlucky for him, Odin shrugged it off and called for the court to gather. He had several businesses to deal with today.As people entered, many looked confused, some were snickering and other seemed truly frightened. It didn't sit well with Odin. There was something wrong. He could feel it in his bones. He looked around to see if everything is in order. One of the guards (the one on his left) finally spoke. He seemed very relieved, but also a bit panicked."Sire…Your hair! It's neon green!"Odin roared in anger. "LOKI!" He knocked with his spear three times and several guards left to fetch his wayward son. "Why no one told me before!?""My king… we tried… but voice did not leave out throats until the moment you looked at us." The other honor guard spoke.When after fifteen minutes guards returned, they informed him that Loki was nowhere to be found. Just as Odin wanted to call for Heimdal, Thor walked into the room."Father! I got a note from my brother that said I am to come here at on…" He paused as he saw the king with long neon-green hair and beard. His used-to-be-golden eye-patch was now neon pink with some green polka dots. He managed to keep a straight face for about half a minute before he burst into deep laughter. A bit encouraged by this, some of the courtmen and servants also started to snicker, albeit their tried to at least hide it. "I didn't know father… You didn't tell me you were going to visit a barber…" The prince said between breaths. "But you might want to ask him to give your money back… because…""Silence!" Odin roared. Immediately, Thor and all but one servant stopped giving any sound. The wayward subject instead started to laugh even louder. He was leaning at the pillar next to him to support himself because he no longer trusted his legs."Visit a barber…" He said before another fit of laughter. "That's a good one…""You! You are the one who gave me the goblet of wine! Guards!" Odin was beyond furious. Someone made him into laughingstock of nine realms. Today he was supposed to welcome a diplomatic visit from Vanaheim. Not to mention that his own court saw him looking like some court jester.As ordered, the guards lunged at the servant, but found themselves just crash into the pillar as whoever he was disappeared into green mist."Better luck next time boys." a voice sounded from the other side. From behind the pillar walked the same servant. Guards charged at him, but he once again disappeared in cloud of green smoke. "You seem really tense. Maybe some refreshments?" He was suddenly behind them, nobody knew how he got there. He now held a platter with several cups of water."Enough games sorcerer! Who are you?!" Odin aimed his spear at the irritation. Before said pest could answer, Thor, who before was busy laughing at the misfortune of guards walked to stand next to the servant."Father! Don't you recognize your own son?" As the older prince asked this words servant was suddenly enveloped in green flames. The magical illusion was lifted and now in place of lowly subject stood prince Loki. He was dressed in his normal asgardian robes (in green obviously)."Yes, father. How can you not know who I am?" Loki asked jokingly with a wide grin on his face. "Maybe it's the hair?" Prince's long, black hair gained green highlights, exact the same shade as Odin's current one."So it is yet another trick of yours? Another pointless prank?" The king asked accusingly."I wouldn't call it pointless. After all look how many people I made laugh today." Loki defended himself, but it could be heard that he didn't take it seriously."You ridiculed me in front of my court!" Odin shouted at his wayward son. This only caused some more laughter. He noticed that whatever this spell was, progressed as his anger increased. His beard was now in reverse coloring to his hair: neon pink with green polka dots. "Everyone but the house of Odin… Out!"The court and servants all quickly made their way somewhere else where the wrath of the king would not reach them immediately. One of the passing courtiers, a woman with flaming red hair and wearing green dress giggled when she passed Loki and winked at him. Feeling the burning gaze of her king on her back she accelerated and ran away faster than the rest.Once everyone finally vacated the throne room, Odin started. "Son…" He took a deep breath. "Why do you insist on acting like an ill-mannered child?""What? This?" Loki pointed at his father. "This is just a harmless prank!" He tried to defend
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Lily Evans Potter
Loki (Marvel) | James Potter/Lily Evans Potter

freeform: 
Loki (Marvel) is Harry Potter's Parent
James Potter is Loki (Marvel)
Draco Malfoy & Harry Potter Friendship
I put two worlds into Blender
and this is the result
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Marauders Friendship (Harry Potter)
Marauders
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Misguided Albus Dumbledore
Ron Weasley Bashing
Hermione Granger Bashing
Molly Weasley Bashing
Ginny Weasley Bashing
Neville Longbottom is a Good Friend
Sirius Black Never Went to Azkaban

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Lily Evans Potter
Loki (Marvel) | James Potter/Lily Evans Potter

