Work Text:

MONDAY
Phil is going to miss New Mexico. Sure the heat is oppressive and he can't strip down to a t-shirt like everyone else if he wants to maintain Nick Fury levels of unflappability, there's nowhere to get good pizza, and he's pretty sure there are people cooking meth in the desert, but this was the first assignment that he's had complete control over. It was nice, being reported to instead of being the reporterThor disappeared in a beam a light, though, and without the hammer Fury ordered the facility dismantled (not a moment too soon, really, the UFO nuts were becoming difficult to deal with). Stark Industries jets have been brought in to fly everyone back to New York, on Stark's dime of course – Phil's pretty sure that that was one of Fury's conditions on making him a 'consultant'.“This is a nice plane,” Clint comments as they settle in for the ride home.“Apparently Stark's private plane has pole dancing stewardesses,” Phil replies, scanning the first page of his New Mexico reports for grammatical errors. Fury's kind of picky about that sort of thing.“See, now why did you tell me that?” Clint gets up and crosses over to the extremely well stocked drinks cabinet. “At least the alcohol comes standard.”Phil shrugs. “Sorry.”They make good time over the midwest, half the time of a commercial plane, at least. The environment weeps, Phil's sure.Once they're closing on New York, the buttons in his armrest begin to flash. He looks at them, and then at Clint, who's been asleep for the last hour, before carefully pushing the largest button. A holographic screen projects in front of his seat, and he just barely stops himself from jumping – fucking Stark. Natasha comes into view.“You're finally in range,” she says loudly.He puts his fingers to his lips. “Clint's sleeping.”“Turn the volume down,” she says.He pauses for a second, studying the keypad, before pressing the down arrow a couple of times. The bars on the screen correspondingly go down. “Okay,” he says.“I am very glad to see you, Philip,” she says and smiles a little too much.He narrows his eyes. “Why?” he asks after a moment.“Because now you're back in New York airspace, Stark is your responsibility again.”“I see. What happened?”She takes a breath and rolls her eyes briefly skyward. “He has been extremely interested in our Captain America situation. He very much wants to meet Rogers.” When Phil frowns and opens his mouth, she nods. “Pretty sure he hacked into our system.”“Oh. Well, good. What do you want me to do?”“Pepper's away until Thursday, so you need to... handle him. As his handler.”“I'm fairly certain he doesn't even know who I am. Last time we met he thought I was one of his accountants. At least he has reason to remember you.”She smiles. “Well, thankfully Fury wants me working with Maria on the Avengers Initiative, not wasting my time babysitting Tony.” She clears her throat and glances away. “I'm sure you'll figure something out, you normally do.”“Thank you for the vote of confidence.” 
TUESDAY
“...Coulson, C O U L S O N. Please tell Mr Stark to call me back on this number at his earliest convenience.”Phil's pretty sure the PA doesn't even write his name down. In fact, Potts's replacement seems to exist solely to obfuscate the situation: 'oh, Mr Stark is in a meeting, I mean at lunch, on vacation. Camping, left his cell at the office'. Phil doesn't believe for one moment that Tony Stark of all people goes anywhere without at least three pieces of technology on him. He picks up the phone again and dials through to their surveillance division.“Hi, it's Agent Coulson-” He lays his hand flat on the palm reader.  'Verified' flashes twice in green. “I need a trace on Iron Man's power source, and any phones registered to Tony Stark. Thanks.”He's pretty sure that if Stark wants to go on an off the grid adventure, he won't be bringing along any phones registered in his name, but the arc reactor gives off a very particular sort of energy, and if he's lucky one of their satellites might be able to detect it. Nobody's seen Stark since Saturday, but nobody on his staff or at his company seems concerned, which suggests to him that this is a calculated disappearance and not one of Stark's benders.There's a knock at his door. “Come in.”Clint leans around the door frame. “Thought I should let you know, Cap just escaped and ran barefoot into Times Square.”He takes a moment to process this. “Why?”“They played a supposedly live radio broadcast of a game that he went to in the forties. He just... burst out of the fake wall. He's really strong.”“That seems... easily avoided.” He hadn't thought that the acclimatisation plan was an especially good one, it seemed like it would just breed mistrust, and honestly, he's still a little wary of super soldiers after the Blonsky debacle. Mostly he's pretty sure someone in R&D is getting fired.“Yeah. Fury wants you to debrief him, he's needed in D.C.”“Of course he is.” He stands up. “Where's Cap?”-Rogers stands up whe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
