Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter Parker may be a little, but he’s still Spider-Man, and he’s still a genius. That’s why he went to an Alpha-Beta school, and not a Little-Caregiver school. Being the only little at an Alpha-Beta school was hard, and Aunt May vehemently protested him going saying “It’ll be bad for your development!” and she wasn’t wrong. Everyone at school thought he was a Beta, definitely didn’t look or act like one, but he definitely was no alpha so that was his peers best guess. “To wimpy to be a Beta, looks more like an Omega to me.” Flash, a Beta, snickered to some of the other students on the Academic Decathlon Team. They laughed, as usual. Their laughing was interrupted by Mr.Harrington, “Alright team, you all did amazing at Nationals! Since we’ve gotten back I’ve been working diligently to do something big in celebration of your amazing accomplishments.” He pulled out a small stack of papers and set them on the table before pulling out a much larger stack. “I got us a field trip to Stark Industries, as I’m sure you all know, Stark Industries is the leading company in Research and Development for not only technology, but healthcare, and sustainable development as well.”  Everyone's eyes were wide, it was difficult to get a trip to Stark Industries. It wasn’t just opened to the general public, that would be a security risk. Happy would have none of it. The trip had to have gone through several major layers of risk management checks, and everyone to enter the building had to be personally reviewed by multiple security professionals, before clearance was granted. This was big, this was a privilege. Well maybe to everyone else but to Peter it was home. Tony met Peter when he was fourteen, all scraggly haired and wide eyed, not that much had changed. Peter wouldn’t have called himself a superhero, but that’s what Tony had called him. After two years of working with him in the lab, and training with him in the field, Peter had started to see Tony as a father figure.  Tony was a Caregiver after all, not that many people knew of his classification. So when Peter turned sixteen two years later, and was classified as a little, it made sense for him to cling to the only father figure he had left. Peter originally tried to hide it, but May was working and Peter was scared and wet. So he called Tony, after a few minutes of crying and babbling intelligible words into the phone, someone was there helping him out of his soiled clothes and shushing him, bouncing him, rocking him. Once he was calm, he looked up and saw Tony, no Daddy, his baby brain offered up. It made him smile and make a happy little squeal, as he brought a hand up to grab at the man's goatee. Tony was hooked, and when Peter came back up, they talked. They talked a lot about what this meant for Spider-Man, about his internship, about if Peter really actually wanted Tony to be his Caregiver. When Peter agreed with an excited “Yes, of course I do!” Tony let out a sigh of relief. They had agreed Peter could still be Spider-Man, Tony wouldn’t, no couldn’t take that from him, but they needed to change some things. That’s when Babysitter Protocol came into play, a protocol designed to bring his suit back to Tony anytime Peter was out and started to drop.  His suit already had a tracker, a monitor on his vitals, and a camera so Tony could always see what was happening in an emergency. Technically, Peter still had his internship too, but lab time now had a three hour time limit, he had to do all his homework before he was allowed to work on his projects, and he had a 10pm bedtime. When Peter was small it was even earlier, Tony always said, “ bambinos need more sleep.” Peter wasn’t complaining. Being snapped back to reality with a small shove to the shoulder, oh Ned, Peter quietly whispered a thanks, and turned back to Mr. Harrington. “ I’m handing out two papers, one is your permission slip and the other is an NDA both need to be signed by your parents and you. Please pass them back. I’ll need them back by the meeting tomorrow. Please read the NDA carefully, and remember it is legally binding.”After that they were dismissed, as Peter packed his stuff up Flash walked past him giving him a rough pat in the back and a smirk, no words but Peter got the gist. He was the last one out of the classroom, just as he was about to exit Mr.Harrington called him back in. He let the door shut and walked up to Mr.Harrington’s desk.“Y-yessir?” he mumbled shyly, he did feel kinda floaty all day today, he should probably get to the car quickly, Uncle Bucky was picking him up today. “Peter, you were the reason we won that competition which is the only reason I’m letting you go on this trip. I worked very hard to put this together for the team. Please do not bring up your ‘internship’ when we get there. I would hate for them to have any reason to kick us out. Do you understand me?” His tone wasn’t angry, just serious. Generally it wouldn’t have affected Peter, but
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Littles Are Known
Classification AU
Little Peter
Soft Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Daddy Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
caregiver tony stark
Diapers
Baby Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Non-Sexual Age Play
Infantilism
Uncle Bucky Barnes
Uncle Steve Rogers
Age Regression/De-Aging
Irondad
spiderson
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Alpha/Beta/Omega/Caregiver/Little dynamics

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

