Work Text:
It was supposed to be a vacation, a nice relaxing break from, well everything. Tony was beginning to think his vacations were cursed.“Hello Tony.” Natasha greets, stepping out at the end of the alleyway. Tony finds himself staring down at his groceries, mourning his ice cream.“Spider.” He nods to her, and turns on his heel hoping to make it out of the alley before the others show up. No such luck.“Tony.” Steve clearly is trying to scold him, his I am Captain America, and you are wrong, face out in full affect. Wanda stands behind him red power rolling across her hands in waves.“Hey Stevie Wonder, I’m just gonna,” He gestures past Steve, and considers calling the suit out. There’s a clang above him.“Not so fast Stark.” Barton leans over the fire escape railing, Wilson beside him. He’s cornered, and calling the suit from his bones would likely result in property damage at the least.“Tony we just wanna talk.” Steve says, and Tony turns to him. He knows there’s still bruises on his chest, deep purple now. He knows his ribs are still broken, he’s in no position to fight them.“Then talk,” He waves at them, “Clearly you have the floor, and all the exits.” He mutters to himself.“We’re tired Tony.” Steve says, and Tony looks at him knowing there are dark circles under his own eyes.“Guilt keeping you up at night?” He asks, hand involuntarily lifting to rub at his chest. He taps the new arc reactor signaling Friday to call the authorities.“Tony, don’t let your ego get the better of you.” Natasha’s a lot closer now, and he fights the urge to turn towards her.“Don’t touch me.” He hisses, and there’s rage there. Rage that runs so deep he wonders if he’ll ever escape it.“Tony, that isn’t how we talk to our teammates.” Steve scolds, and Tony wants to laugh. He has a feeling his audience won’t appreciate his sense of humor though.“I don’t want to be touched Steve; I think that’s my right considering I’m still healing from our last encounter.” There’s a flash of something on Steve’s face, guilt maybe, anger, Tony can’t bring himself to care.“That’s rich.” Sam mutters darkly, and Tony wonders not for the first-time what Steve told them about Siberia.“What’s this about?” Tony asks, he’s tired, and he needs to keep them talking. He’s expecting Steve to answer, is waiting for it.“This has gone on long enough.” Barton bursts out. “Stark, just, fix it.” He glances up at Barton who looks half feral with fury, his teeth grit tightly together. He’s waving around the alleyway as if to indicate everything.Tony waits for further explanations, looking at each of them. He only gets expectant stares back.“Fix what exactly?” He asks, and frustration transforms their faces. Tony wonders how he never saw how ugly they were before. How angry, and self-righteous.“Tony.” Steve says, and he’s using his reprimand voice. The voice that usually means, you didn’t follow my orders exactly and now I’m mad.“Steve.” Tony replies, mimicking him. There’s a frustrated huff from above, and a tired sigh from Steve.“Tony, c’mon.” Steve goads. “We’re tired, we just want to come home. You have to understand that.” Tony hears a step beside him, and he see’s Natasha closing in ever closer.“You stole our home.” Wanda whispers, and the red around her finger tips jumps. Tony elects to ignore that particular ball of crazy.“Okay, you wanna go home, cool.” Tony nods sagely. “What do you want me to do about that?” There’s a clang above him and a growl from Clint.“You just let us.” Clint hisses. “It’s not that hard.” Tony makes the decision to address Steve, because negotiating with crazy is never smart.“Steve, I’m not stopping you.” Tony points out. “As far as I’m concerned you can go where ever you want.” It’s not entirely true, Pepper has put out a restraining order on them including all Stark properties. Not to mention Tony’s personal restraining order, but clearly, they had no issue violating the law.“But we’re treated like criminals!” Wanda cries out, and Tony eyes her warily.“Yes.” He agrees, because she isn’t wrong. Of course, they are criminals so that might be part of the problem. “What would you like me to do about it?” There’s another clang above him, and he can see Sam, grabbing onto Clint’s shoulder.“Tony, be reasonable.” Natasha says.“I’m trying, that’s a serious question.” Tony says, and there’s clear frustration radiating from the entire group. “You all have warrants out for your arrest, what do you want me to do to fix that?” He refrains from doing air quotes around the word fix, but only just.“Just, stop trying to arrest us.” Sam huffs, rubbing at the bridge of his nose. Tony thinks that if anyone has the right to be frustrated in this situation it’s him.“Sam, I haven’t tried to arrest any of you since the airport, and as Natasha can tell you we only did that because Ross was threatening to send snipers after you.” Tony explains, and Natasha stills beside him at the mention of her name. A little more to the right and he’ll have a clear shot ou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fugitives
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark-centric

fandom: 
None
