Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Take off the suit; Who are you?
Chapter One
 
“Master Anthony, please. You need to rest,” Jarvis urges.
“No, Jarvis, what I need is to finish this,” Tony argues gesturing to the workshop table covered in things that Jarvis couldn’t even begin naming. “You’ll appreciate it when I do, I swear.”
“Master Anthony, the only thing I appreciate is your health. Now, please, I must insist, come to bed.”
“But Jarvis, come on,” Tony whines, eyes unmoving, focused intently on the project in front of him.
Jarvis shakes his head and wraps his long fingers around Tony’s wrist. He doesn’t grip it hard enough to hurt, only to add enough pressure to remind the boy that there’s a world beyond the project in which he’s lost himself. As per usual, Tony’s head snaps to his wrist and then slowly looks up at Jarvis’s face.
“You’ve been down here for sixteen hours. You need a proper meal and then bed.”
Tony looks back down at his project and then rubs at his eyes, smearing grease across his face.
“I’m not a baby,” Tony grumbles, even as he clears up the work desk. “I don’t need to be looked after.”
“No, you’re twelve, and you need someone to manage you,” Jarvis corrects. “Now, come along. Ana has made your favourite.”
Tony skips giddily to the door, looking back every few seconds to ensure that Jarvis is still following. Ana always knows when he needs a pick-me-up. Usually, Tony spending twenty hours uninterrupted isn’t unheard of, but there had been a big argument with his father earlier. Jarvis knew that if Tony wallowed any further, he’d have to drag Tony out by his ear.
It had all started the week before when Howard said Tony was going on a trip. It came to a head this morning when Tony discovered that neither of his parents would be at his side. Worse, it would see him on the other side of the world.
Tony hadn’t wanted to go on the business trip with Uncle Obie. Still, his father insisted that now was the time he started to have a more active role in the company and to orchestrate a weapons demonstration with his father's right-hand man was the best introduction to the life.
Tony didn’t want to go for many reasons.
First, Uncle Obie is a damn bore. Tony loves him, but Obie only ever wants to talk about Tony’s ‘ideas’ for the future. Usually, Tony doesn’t think much passed his current project. He shouldn’t need to. None of the other kids at school has to make plans to take over the family business when they’re older.
Second, Tony has never travelled that far without either of his parents there with him. Afghanistan is a long way away. Trips across the world usually are, but the distance always feels so much more prominent when he and his mum and dad aren’t together. He doesn’t want to go without them, but his father had insisted upon it.
Hence the argument.
The only reprieve from the enforced trip is that Colonel Rhodes will be there. He’s the military liaison between Stark Industries and the air force, and he’s been around since Tony was a toddler. Their friendship started with hair ruffles and secret candy, but as Tony got old enough to form full sentences, he was able to have real conversations with Rhodes, and now Tony considers Rhodey his best friend.
“I don’t want to go, Jarvis. Can’t you ask Dad to keep me here?!
“You’ll be fine,” Jarvis assures, as they head upstairs. “Obadiah and Colonel Rhodes will keep you safe.”
“I’m not worried about being safe. I’m worried about being bored. Could you come with me?”
“I wish I could, Anthony, but your father is almost as careless with his health as you are. Someone has to stay behind to watch over him.”
Tony giggles as he jumps up on a stool, where Ana starts serving him risotto with a loving smile.
“Glad to see you out of that wretched room, Anthony. Now. Eat up. And for goodness sake, clean that grease from your face.”
Tony digs in, hungrier than he’d even noticed. Ana takes this as an opportunity to scrub at his face with a napkin, clicking her tongue when Tony tries to lean away.
“Gross, Ana. Are you using your spit?” Tony groans, turning his head to the side.
“I’ve changed your diapers, Tony. You don’t get to speak to me about ‘gross’.”
As his face burns red, Tony allows Ana’s reign of ickiness.
Once he’s eaten, Jarvis ushers Tony into the bathroom with strict instructions to wash and brush his teeth.
Tony climbs into his bed that night, staring resentfully at the packed suitcase by the door. He’s not looking forward to this trip, but it’ll appease his father, and if he thinks about it right, it’ll be like an extended vacation with his best friend.
 
~
 
“Tony!”
Grinning, Tony runs up the jet stairs, throwing himself into Rhodes’s arms. Happy follows closely behind and stores Tony’s suitcase in an overhead locker.
“Rhodey! Hi!”
Rhodey gives him a tight squeeze and then leads him inside, where Uncle Obie sits, with a tumbler of scotch in his hand and a stack of paper on the table in front of him. He looked up at Tony’s arrival and stood to greet him wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Ho Yinsen
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Kid Tony Stark
Kid Fic
Secret Identity
BAMF Tony Stark
Nerd Tony Stark
Science Bros
Iron Man 1
reposted
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Adopted Tony Stark
Howard Stark's Good Parenting
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Human Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Protective Howard Stark
Protective Maria Stark
Maria Stark's Good Parenting
Adorable Tony Stark
Alternate Universe
Fluff
Family
Deviates From Canon
Character Death
Death
Canonical Character Death
Not Beta Read
Friendship/Love
Fix-It of Sorts
Drama

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Ho Yinsen
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

