Chapter 1: After the Dust Settles
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter knew that he should be grateful. He had disappeared into nothingness and had no reason to be back, but he was. Tony had saved him. The man had invented time travel to bring back the missing half of the population, and that included Peter. At first he was grateful to have more time with May and to get to grow up and all that, but once the initial shock wore off, the realities of life were catching up with him and he was beginning to question wether this had been a good thing after all.He was trapped in this cycle of memories and trying to adjust to life in the future, but he couldn’t seem to move on. The snap had been excruciating. Nobody else he talked to seemed to remember anything, but Peter could remember the pain so clearly. He woke up at night covered in sweat, feeling like he was dissolving and his body was trying to knit itself back together at the same time. It was unbearable, but Peter never screamed. He didn’t want to wake Aunt May. She had been through enough. She had been left behind and Peter had disappeared and she’d had to mourn her last remaining relative. The guilt of it all was gnawing at Peter and he couldn’t bear the idea of causing her any more pain. She had moved on and built a better life for herself after Peter, and he was determined to ensure that his return was a purely happy thing for her.She was married. It had probably been the most shocking thing about coming back, to find out that there was another man in her life other than Ben. Peter knew it was selfish, he never wanted May to be alone, but part of him still felt like she was betraying Ben. They had sort of talked about it when he came back, but he still felt queasy every time he thought about it.Peter’s life before the snap hadn’t been perfect, but it was good. Now his world was falling apart and he didn’t know what to do other than stand back and let it happen.
The aftermath of the battle was complete chaos. Everyone rushing to take care of Tony - the Wakandan’s, Bruce, Dr. Strange - they had all flocked to Tony’s side and Peter had reluctantly stepped out of the way, knowing that he needed to let them care for his mentor. He had heard the man’s heart stop after he snapped, and when Thor had shocked him to revive him, Peter’s own panic and the volume of the surrounding chaos had made it impossible for him to hear it start again. He knew it had, he’d seen the relief in Pepper’s face when she had felt a pulse and had heard her call out that he was alive, the man had not been conscious when they rushed him off. It was only a moment before Dr. Strange was levitating the man into the air, opening a portal, and disappearing to what Peter assumed was some state of the art hospital or something. Pepper and Bruce were close behind him and Peter wanted to follow them to make sure Tony was okay, but before he could move, Colonel Rhodes put an arm out to stop him.“Let them take care of him kid. He’s going to be okay, he’s a fighter, but there is nothing you can do right now. Just go get cleaned up and go home. I will let you know if anything changes.” The man had patted him on the shoulder before rushing off to follow the others, the portal closing behind him. Peter didn’t know how they would contact him, they didn’t have his phone number or anything, but there hadn’t been a chance to say anything else to the man. For the matter, Peter didn’t know where his phone was. Come to think of it, he wasn’t completely sure where he was either. He had only been to the compound once before, and Happy had driven him so he hadn’t paid close attention. He knew he was pretty far from the city, but other than that, he was clueless.Peter didn’t know how long he stood there, helplessly staring at the space that Tony had disappeared. It was Hawkeye who had eventually noticed that he seemed lost and had come over to help. Peter didn’t know the man, other than the brief meeting that they had in Germany, but he was too dazed to really be nervous.Hawkeye was finishing a phone call himself when he got to Peter and he had tears streaming down his face. He hung up the phone and wiped his face, “My family was dusted, that was my wife. They’re back. Her and the kids. They’re at home and safe,” he explained. Peter understood. He knew what it was like to lose your family and he couldn’t imagine how overwhelming it would feel to have them back. The man offered his phone to Peter and he accepted it hesitantly. Peter didn’t know if Aunt May had been dusted or not but the only thing he could think to do was to call her and try. He was lucky that she and Ben had made him memorize their phone numbers when he was in elementary school, most of his friends wouldn’t have been able to make a call without the address book on their phones. His friends…he couldn’t think about them right now. May first. He dialed with shaking fingers. She picked up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Canon Compliant
Tony Stark Lives
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Therapist Sam Wilson
May Parker Has an Abusive Partner (Spider-Man)
Mild Language
Angst with a Happy Ending
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Not Beta Read
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Hurt/Comfort
Poor Peter Parker
Peter Parker Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Has Nightmares

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

