Work Text:
Clint winced as he shuffled through the door. He really hated how old he was getting. His knee hurt and his shoulder was sore. He barely even noticed the TV was on before he heard the distinct sound of a moan and his eyes flicked that way, only to land on a ridiculously broad and more importantly bare back. “Aw Barnes!” Clint barked, covering his eyes as he flipped on the lights to the sound of a startled gasp and the frantic rustling of fabric. “Really, man, there’s a list of things I never needed to see and on there is ‘old people having sex’.”“Oh keep your shorts on-““Pretty sure I’m not the one who needs to hear that-““We’re not having sex,” Bucky said, and Clint peeked between his fingers to see an amused Bucky leaned against the arm of the couch while Steve tugged his shirt down, cheeks bright red. “See? I’m still wearing all my clothes and everything,” he said, gesturing to his body.Steve cleared his throat, biting his lip apologetically. “Sorry about that, Barton,” he said, and Clint rolled his eyes.“Don’t try that innocent face on me, I know you’re a kinky fucker,” he said and Steve huffed, clearly offended.“I am not,” he defended.Bucky slung his arm around Steve’s middle, leaning against his back to rest his chin on Steve’s shoulder. “C’mon, don’t be a prude, we were just neckin’ a little bit. Not like we were screwin’ in your bed or something.”Clint grimaced. “You better not be screwin’ in my bed. I’d have to kill you both, and I’m pretty sure that’s harder than it should be. Bad enough you’re defiling my couch every time Steve comes over,” he said and Bucky just smirked evilly from his spot curled around Steve’s back.“Just be happy I haven’t dragged him into the shower with me,” he said, and Steve rolled his eyes.“We wouldn’t both fit in the shower here,” Steve pointed out, turning to look at Bucky.Bucky grinned. “Stevie, I’m not sure you alone would fit in that shower. You’ve got shoulders so wide I can hear your shirt crying. In fact-”Clint rolled his eyes. “Do not use a line about taking it off of him, he should just buy bigger shirts.”Bucky pouted dramatically. “You’re no fun. Is that what happens when you get old?” he asked and Steve snickered but blinked innocently up at Clint. “Yeah, we’re only thirty and thirty-one. What’s it like when you get old and boring?” Steve asked in a curious tone before smirking when Bucky cracked up.Clint flipped them off. “Fuck you, I’m only forty-two, I’m not a goddamn grandpa!”“You forget, Pal,” Bucky called when Clint started up the metal stairs to his bedroom. “There are forty-two year old grandpas!”Steve nodded. “Yeah, that’s not even that weird. If you get married at twenty, have a baby at twenty-one, then your baby has a baby at twenty-one, there you go, forty-two-““DON’T MAKE ME SHOOT YOU IN THE ASS, ROGERS!” Clint called down from the door to his bedroom, slamming it behind him to block out the immature snickers coming from down below.~The next time Clint came home and saw Steve’s motorcycle parked out front, he called Bucky’s phone from the sidewalk. After six rings, an amused voice answered. “Barton, we’re not having sex on your couch, you can come up without calling-““Am I gonna see Steve Rogers naked if I come in without knocking? I gotta tell you, man, it doesn’t do much for a man’s self-esteem to see a chest like that looking back at you,” he said and Bucky laughed.“How about this, if I decide to start makin’ time on your couch, I’ll leave a note on the door-“Clint groaned. “Don’t do that there are kids in this building! Kids who don’t need to find out Captain America has sex!”From somewhere not far from the phone on Bucky’s end Clint heard Steve’s voice suddenly. “Yeah well Captain America would have to be having sex for them to find out about it.”Clint cracked up and Bucky cleared his throat loudly. “Well excuse me, dear, I wasn’t aware my trauma was such a problem for you.” Clint winced suddenly and coughed.“I’ll be up in a few. Please don’t break my house having a fight!” he said quickly and then hung up, shifting his grocery bags after putting up his phone.~A few days after Clint walked in on Bucky and Steve yelling at each other before Steve simply walked out (and broke the door slamming it, Clint was really sick of having to replace his door hinges, dammit), Clint came down from his room to find Steve asleep on the floor beside the couch and Bucky laying on the edge of the cushions, looking down at Steve with a look that seemed too personal for Clint to not look away from. After he fixed himself coffee he came back and Bucky smiled up at him, putting a finger to his lips as he nodded at Steve. “He’s still asleep,” he whispered. In a display that Clint knew absolutely nobody would believe if he recounted it, Bucky pressed a kiss to two of his metal fingers and reached own to press them to Steve’s cheek before hopping over the back of the couch and walking over to the counter where Clint was standing. Clint offered him the coffee
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Compliant
Angst
Love Confessions
Non-Explicit Sex
Married Characters
Some Humor
Canon-Typical Violence
Coming Out

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

