Chapter 1: the edge of the map
    


Summary:

Chapter 1 edited August 17, 2019





Chapter Text
The edge of the map is not the end of the world. Dragons live within the borders as well as the edge. At least there were dragons in any map that wasn't hers. A pet dragon was the only thing on Darcy’s birthday and Christmas wish lists from the time she was old enough to write ‘dwagone’ in purple crayon on construction paper. Until she was old enough to realise her parents were never going to buy her one and the list expanded to include books, music, and more books.At the tender age of six and three quarters, more or less, Darcy scattered pennies across her grandparents’ garden. Bright copper pennies she collected from between the sofa cushions, the key bowl by the front door, and the parking lot of the corner store. She slept in a musty tent in the garden night after night with a bent butterfly net, a menagerie of stuffed animals, seven books, and pockets full of pennies. No dragons ever came to visit little Darcy Lewis.Not even one of the little dragonflies that lived in Mr and Mrs Sousa’s koi pond. Though grandma Lewis said Mr. Otaku, who lived two houses down with the blue mailbox, had a swarm of Blind Wyrms attack his prize roses. Blind Wyrms weren’t actually blind, they were merely short sighted nasty little creatures no larger than a mouse with acid spit. The primarily nocturnal wyrms burrowed under fences and foundations eating any flora they came across. They also had a tendency to attack any living creature larger than themselves, much to the neighborhood dogs chagrin, and the ire of Mr Otaku.Despite the absence of dragons in her life Darcy still loved their stories. She collected more than a few plush toys, took herself off to the zoo as often as her parents would allow, and watched every movie and documentary she could. David Attenborough’s Living with Dragons was her favourite documentary and Little House on the Prairie, with Laura and her tiny brindle scaled dragon Jack was her favorite show and book series growing up.As a semi-adult type person Darcy keeps a pet dragon fund hidden among the books stacked on a shelf in her apartment, a cluster of stuffed toy dragons hidden a suitcase and a silver dipped dragon’s scale pendant she wore next to her heart. But the one dragon related item Darcy prized more than her ipod is a replica dragon’s egg. She bought the egg for twenty-five cents at a rummage sale days before she went off to college, dragging it from Culver to New Mexico, and London to New York City.  The egg is a little bit larger than a goose egg, slate grey in color with an ancient ‘Made in Wales’ stamp half rubbed off on the bottom. She keeps the egg nestled safe between the speakers of Darcy’s ipod on the cluttered desk in Jane’s Stark funded lab space. Team Foster FTW. Unfortunately the lab is not a safe space. Accidents happen,more often than not when you work for a brilliant astrophysicist smitten with a demigod....Jane doesn’t start the fire, not this time anyway. One of Stark’s robot minions is responsible. Something to do with a machine left running too long in the lab next door, Darcy hadn’t really been paying attention at the time, she was too busy trying to hold Jane back from murdering Tony. The wall separating the labs is gone now and with it half of Jane’s lab, including Darcy’s desk.“My equipment,” Jane says, frowning as they pick through the charred remains of the lab. “You’re sure you have all my work backed up?”“My backups have backups, Jane, you know that. I may not know the science but I know how to save things. Especially after that whole Jack Booted Thugs thing. I know tech the way you know space science and math,” Darcy says. She’s crouched low sorting through a stack of scorched and sodden papers half stuck to the floor.“But the spectro-““The thing-a-mie can be replaced. This whole mess is Stark’s fault, so, he can totally buy you new stuff. Like, all the best toys,” Darcy says, tossing a shattered coffee cup into a trash bag. "Hey, don't you think SI could afford to have people clean this up for us?""Darcy, no," Jane says, pointing in Darcy's direction. Dr Foster was halfway inside one of the larger pieces of machinery in the room. The one she called Albert that somehow miraculously sustained little to no damage from the explosive fire or the far retardant chemicals pooling around the machine’s sturdy feet. I'm not having...""Stark's hands all over your equipment?" Darcy snorts, tossing a bit of (only slightly) scorched device in a box marked 'useful' in Jane's near impenetrable scrawl. Darcy’s jeans and gloves are covered in a thick layer of soot mixed with whatever the hell put the fire out. Somehow the crud felt greasy and smells vaguely of burnt plastic and ramen noodles. "This is disgusting. You don't pay me enough for this, Foster.""I don't pay you at all, SI does," Jane says, splashing through a puddle of inky black water with cradling another small device in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Dragons
Alternate Universe - Dragons
Jane is me without coffee
Slow Build
Pets
Steve is great at dragons

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

