Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Well, fuck me gently with a chainsaw,  Tony thinks numbly.  The guy’s a dom. He isn’t alone with that realization. Everybody who was waiting on the roof of the tower thinks that, although they probably don’t use a quote from an almost thirty year old teen movie to express their astonishment.It’s too quiet on the roof, for a while. There’s the rushing of wind and the sound of the traffic from deep beneath them, but the silence between them stretches long and awkward. Thor, who still has a hand on his brother’s arm, looks extraordinarily confused, and Loki - well. When they appeared just two minutes ago, Loki wore an expression of boredom, dyed with just a hint of mockery. But now his eyes are narrowed, the look in them icy. He’s still calm, all in all, but it’s clear that he has figured out that something’s up.  Relaxed looks different.It’s Rogers who breaks the silence, in the end.“Tony,” he says, quietly. “Would you like to wait -”“Yeah, no,” Tony interrupts, because he is definitely not having any of that shit right now. “You can stop right there, Rogers.”The Captain gives him a slightly exasperated, but not very surprised look, which earns him a lopsided grin that is just entirely insincere. Tony takes a step forward, yanking his eyes away from Loki to look at Thor.“Hey, Thunderpants. You’re kinda late, but I’ll let it pass. So, I suggest that you go downstairs with our dear friends from SHIELD and deliver some much needed explanations, eh? Meanwhile I’ll show your baby brother where he’ll be sleeping for the next few years.”Great, now everybody is staring at him as if he said something particularly crazy. Tony is just glad that Fury isn’t here, because he would make everything much more complicated. Maria Hill, however, simply raises a brow at him, and when he nods she lifts a shoulder - not an enthusiastic yes, but it will do - and that’s it.Romanoff and Barton don’t look very pleased with this outcome, but well, they can fucking deal. Rogers, too, and if he does so much as  breathe  one more patronizing word into Tony’s direction, Tony will blast him right back into the ice he came from.Thankfully, Steve stays silent. Everybody stays silent, really, and not long after Tony and Loki are alone in an elevator, which makes Tony feel just a tiny bit nervous. He doesn’t let it show - he’s had decades of practice - and leans against the railing, his arms crossed and eyes fixed on Loki. The god watches him in return, his face blank, and Tony wonders if Loki even knows what’s up.It’s even more noticeable from up close. Unmistakable, really - Tony can tell by the way Loki holds himself, by the way his eyes flicker around subtly and take in  everything.  But there are also other clues, some of which aren’t easily described. It’s more a matter of just sensing how it is, or maybe of instincts, but either way, Tony  knows.  He has always been very good at this; always had to be very good at this. By now he can smell a dom from five miles against the wind, only that it isn’t about smelling at all.“Do I get my own floor?” Loki asks two seconds after the elevator started, his voice quiet and smooth. Maybe a little amused, even.“Yes,” Tony answers. “That was part of the deal, wasn't it?"Loki acknowledges that by inclining his head, but he doesn’t say anything. His eyes are still on Tony, never once moving away from him. Tony feels the hairs on his neck stand on end. He wonders how he didn’t notice this during the invasion, wonders how  nobody  noticed. Hell, Tony even talked to Loki in his own penthouse, and even though Loki spent the whole battle being as cocky as he could even be, it wasn’t a show of dominance that affected Tony in any way. Loki could have told him to kneel and Tony would just have raised a brow, probably he would have been  insulted.  And, fine, Tony wouldn’t immediately drop to his knees now, either, but at least now he’s aware that there is a dom very close to him, and he did let Loki enter the elevator first without even looking at him. (Small acts of politeness, of  service.  First clues that a kid might become a sub, later on.)It’s weird. It shouldn’t be possible - you don’t just stop being a dom for a few days just so you can invade a planet. Maybe Loki is a switch, but even then he would have had all subs in New York wrapped around his little finger during the invasion, and it certainly wouldn’t have been fear that made the people in Stuttgart kneel.No, Loki isn’t a switch; or at least Tony doesn’t think he is. It's been almost two years since the battle - what makes the most sense is that Loki just wasn’t in his right mind when he came to fuck them up, and that he just managed to get his shit together while they decided what to do with him up in God Land. Which is basically what Thor claims is true, anyway.The elevator stops, and Loki saunters out of it as soon as the doors open, as if the place belongs to him. Tony follows him with a roll of his eyes, then watche
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Friends to Lovers
Getting Together
Light Angst
Pining
Attraction
Happy Ending
Comfort
Service Submission
Hand & Finger Kink
Praise Kink
Blow Jobs
Kneeling
Face Slapping
Hair-pulling
Panic Attacks
Aftercare
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Sweet Loki (Marvel)
Cuddling & Snuggling
Flirting
Banter
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Nightmares
Coming Untouched
Impact Play
Rough Sex
Relationship Negotiation
Insecure Tony Stark
Trust Issues
Subspace
Trust Kink
Sex Toys
Fluff
Dirty Talk
Possessive Behavior
Domestic
Dorks in Love
Blindfolds
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Good Loki (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Warning: Loki (Marvel)
Domestic Avengers
Light Bondage
Collars
Knifeplay
Mild Blood
Mirror Sex
Love Confessions
Leashes
Scarification
Rimming
Service Top Tony Stark
Topping from the Bottom
Body Worship

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

