Work Text:
Hey Buck,It’s been ages since I wrote you a letter. I’m a little rusty and everything feels a little unreal tonight, so bear with me. You’re asleep right now and I’m writing in the kitchen with the lights off. I’ve never mentioned it, but you have this crazy sixth sense for light. I can’t even turn on my phone screen in the bathroom without hearing you stir in the bed. It’s okay though, I can see just fine. I’m going to give you this letter first thing in the morning. I’m writing that right here at the top so I can’t change my mind later.Anyway, enough stalling. I tried something tonight and I think I’m going to try it again. No, I know I am. I wanted to write down what happened in case you didn’t remember. Because I really want to share this with you. Forever. I want it to become part of our history. I want to think about it when we’re laying around in bed on Sunday mornings and look over at you and know, from the glint in your eye, that you’re thinking about it too.I’ve been trusting my memory to work for both of us, but I see now we need more than that. I want to start writing more down for you, for us, so we can have a record that won’t fade or warp like memory will. I want a book we can read when we forget who we are, because, let’s be honest, I slip just as often. I know I only get half of the story from inside this body, so I’ll try to be as descriptive and impartial as possible. This is my first letter so let me start at the beginning. Or the new beginning. Some shit happened but that’s behind us. They took you down to hell and you clawed your way back up again. This story starts with you showing up on my doorstop in early summer. I’d been looking for you. I almost lost my mind looking. I thought I’d lost you all over again. But you came home when you were ready. Your hair was long and your eyes were guarded. I dragged you inside and held you so tight you couldn’t breathe.Things were a little rough when you first got home. It took you some time to settle in and I wasn’t about to leave you on your own. I put the shield away and told Fury I was retired. I have no idea what those first few weeks were like for you, but I was all over the place. I had had a whole lot of time to think about exactly what I’d lost when you fell from that train. And suddenly I had you back again. Sitting in my kitchen, staring out the window, eating ravenously, drinking an alarming amount of water. I had been such a fool, Buck, for years and years. I was so stupidly in love with you. I always have been. It just took me two wars and seventy years to find the words. I was trying to give you space and time to find yourself but that longing lurch slammed through my body every time I looked at you.We got close in a hurry, despite our better judgement. Then one afternoon, I’m sure you remember it, you turned to me on the couch, said my name like a question, leaned in, and kissed me like the answer. I lost it right there, Buck. Had you in my lap a few minutes later, and in my bed not long after that. What can I say? You were irresistible. We’re four months on from that and I’m still following you around like a lovesick puppy. Not a day passes that you don’t call me a sap and I never miss the chance to kiss the word from your mouth. I never knew life could be so good.You’re going to call me a sap just for how much space I devoted to our love story. Well go ahead. It deserves another two hundred thousand words. I’m trying to tell a story here but I start writing about you and I just want to talk about the way you smirk at me with your hair in your eyes, the way your legs look when you’re slouched on the couch, the way you flush and melt when we’re hot and close and slick. Let me back up, though, and tell you about you. You’re the strongest, smartest man I’ve ever known. You’re charming as hell and you know it. Most days you remember everything, our past, everything’s that happened, the little domestic details of our thoroughly boring life, what year it is, stuff like that. Some days you wake up and some parts of your memory stay asleep. And some days you wake up and your memory just takes the day off. But what you remember doesn’t change who you are. Everyday you wake up as the man I love. Remember that.We had a real hard time trying to figure out what was going on. You don't know when you’ve forgotten something, obviously, and it led to some strange conversations that could have been funny (we laugh about some of them, sometimes), like the time you woke up in my arms and asked me who I was. We talked to some doctors and some friends of mine. They say there’s nothing to do but wait and they’re right, it’s getting better with time. In the meantime, we made a short list of ten big memories. They’re all huge events that you almost always remember. It’s on the nightstand right now. So when you wake up we take a look at the list you tell me how many of them look familiar. Most days it’s a full ten. Some days it’s less than that.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
POV First Person
shameless superhero affection
and lengthy love letters
Established Relationship
Lapdance
I love when tags paint a hilarious picture of a fic
p accurate in this case

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

