Chapter 1: It Hurts So Good
    




Chapter Text


The Broken Ones
Chapter One:  It Hurts So Good
---
Sleep. Get up. Put on her armor. Face the day and smile. Smile. Smile!
Sleep. Get up. Put on her armor. Face the day and smile. Smile. Smile!
Sleep. Get up. Put on her armor. Face the day and smile. Smile. Smile!
---
Sleep. Get up. Put on her armor. Face the day and smile. Smile. Smile! Come home and break down. This was the way Darcy Lewis lived her life. Her eyes opened and she sighed.
“God damn it,” she slurred. She was awake and staring at her blurred ceiling. She had woken up again. Why? Why couldn’t she just not exist? Why couldn’t she have passed away in her sleep? At least then she wouldn’t have to pretend like there was a point to her life. She wouldn’t have to pretend like she mattered. She did the same thing every day, day in and day out. Wake up, get up, go to work, play babysitter, pretend she was fine, come home, cry and sleep. Then she would get up and do it all again. What point was there to her life? She wasn’t Jane; she wasn’t making scientific discoveries or trying to make the world a better place. She didn’t have someone to come home to at night, someone who loved her. She had nothing and no one… so what was the point of living?
Rolling over she squinted at her clock. If she didn’t get out of bed soon, she would be late, but she just couldn’t bring herself to move. A hollowness settled deep within her chest that began to fill with nothing but despair.
“It’s time to get out of bed Miss Lewis,” said the aristocratic English voice from nowhere.
“Morning JARVIS,” Darcy greeted the disembodied voice and threw an arm over her eyes.
“Good Morning, Miss Lewis,” he replied.
There was always JARVIS, he would notice if she didn’t get out of bed in the morning. Sighing, she heaved herself up and untangled herself from her blankets. By the time she had managed that, she was already tired again; it just took so much effort. Walking over to the bathroom, she looked at the shower and frowned. Did she have to shower? She couldn’t do it, not today… besides, no one would notice if she showered or not. Turning to the sink she began to brush her teeth in circular motions. Her hand felt heavy and sluggish but she forced herself to finish.
Spit and rinse.
She looked up at herself in the mirror and cringed. Her skin was too pale, her under eye circles too dark, her hair looked like a rat’s nest and her lips were too big. But the real problem, the real problem, was the dead look in her eyes. The look that said she’d all but given up on life. It was a look that would draw attention. She was a mess. Rolling up her sleeves she got to work. Hair up in a messy bun, concealer to hide the dark circles and glasses to hide her eyes. Bright red lipstick on her lips that yelled ‘look at my mouth and not my eyes’. All she needed now was clothing. Trudging to her closet, she picked out an oversized sweater and a pair of yoga pants. Easy. Done. She practically wore the same thing every day. Something baggy that hid her figure. Looking in the mirror, she gave herself a once over and sighed. It would have to do. It was time to go.
---
“Jane,” Darcy said in a tone that would have caught most people’s attention. “Jane,” she tried a little louder. “Jane,” she all but shouted and put the plate of Pop-tarts she was holding down on the table in front of the small woman.
“Darcy, you are stopping science!” Jane glared.
“Science needs a Pop-tart,” Darcy said with a grin. “Eat it or I’ll tell Thor.”
“Slave driver.” Picking up one of the thin pastries, she bit into it with a face that said happy now.
“Next time I’ll bring my whip,” Darcy joked.
“Darcy, why do you have whip?” Tony asked, poking his head around one of the machines he was working on.
“Extracurricular activities.”
Over in his own workspace Bruce coughed and tried to hide a smile. Winking she picked up her iPod, intent on ignoring Tony.
“Go on, I’m intrigued,” he purred.
“Oh look it’s a party!” Darcy smiled, ignoring him as she welcomed the newcomers.
“Ma’am” Steve greeted her as he entered the room. Rolling her eyes, she gagged at the acknowledgment. “Miss Lewis,” he tried to correct himself.
“Darcy,” she said, like he should know this by now. They had met a handful of times and every time she told him to call her by her first name.
“Darcy,” Bucky greeted her from behind the Captain with a smirk.
“Miss Lewis,” she corrected him.
“You wound me.” He clutched his chest in mock pain.
“Oh, I didn’t realize the Tin Man had a heart. Or are you just here for a tune up?” she said, nodding over at Tony.
“Ouch! If I did have a heart, it would be broken right now, that’s for sure.”
“You’ll get over it.” She shrugged. “Shoo, before Frankenstein gets antsy that no one’s paying attention to him.” Darcy waved them in and towards Tony. They weren’t here to see her, that was for sure. They barely knew each other. But a girl could dream.
“I can’t decide whether to be offended that you compared 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Depression
Anxiety
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Angst
Romance
trigger warning
Suicide Attempt

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

