Chapter 1: The beginning
    


        Chapter by kittenlove21




Chapter Text
Harry was tired. 
He was so so tired. Tired from the sleepless nights and hunting the Horcruxes and worrying about what they can eat net. Now that the battle was over, he expected to feel happy or at the least relieved but all he felt was tired. 
Ron and Hermione were apparently together now and they strongly hinted that he himself should get together with Ginny. But Harry Potter was not 15 anymore, he knew now he didn’t want that. He wanted a relationship, but he had no interest in fucking a girl. He even had a particular dislike for his own cock. Sometimes late at night he wished he was born a girl, not because he thought he was one, but maybe then he would have been shown more kindness and compassion. Maybe he could find a Prince Charming who would come rescue him for a change. Someone who would take care of him. And Harry in turn would take care of their needs. Harry knew for certain now that he wanted to be the one getting fucked. He wanted to lie on his belly and present his ass to his savior to do as they wished.
His one regret was not realizing it sooner. If he had he would have tried to get some sooner. He could just imagine being younger and being held by a man so much larger than him as he bounced on a large cock. Just thinking about it made him hard. But he paid it no mind. He didn’t want pleasure from his dick. He wanted it from his hole. His tight little pucker that he played with often. But not with anything other than his finger. He didn’t want to make himself too loose for when the time finally came for him to lose his virginity.
Harry knew it had been a risk to go to the battle a virgin. He could have very easily died a virgin. Or more accurately, stayed dead a virgin. But it was a risk he had to take. None of the boys at Hogwarts would have done. He wanted to find the right man.
Harry wanted to be used, no question there. But he wanted to belong to the right person. Someone who will see him as a gift. So unless he found that person he would just have to manage.
After everything that had happened in his short life, he deserved to be happy. To be taken care of, loved and pampered. And of course fucked hard and often. He wants to spend days not walking, simply being carried around; fed and dressed by someone else. A more deviant part of him wants to stay in diapers. He wants to make a mess in his diaper and be lovingly cleaned, then fucked full of cum before being placed in a fresh diaper so he can slowly leak the cum out again.
Harry had done his duty to magical world. Now his goal was to set his own life. He needed to find himself a good daddy so he wouldn't have to keep carrying all these burdens. Someone will take care of him the way he needed. Keep his belly full of warm milk and his ass full of warm cum.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Extremely Underage
Crossdressing
Age Play
sexual ageplay
Diapers
Butt Plugs
Daddy Kink
Fluff
Smut
Anal Sex
No Angst
Consensual Somnophilia
ddlb
Enemas
bottle
Watersports
Wetting
Non-Sexual Age Play
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Romance
Character Bashing
Urination
Cock Warming
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Harry Potter

