Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“You do realize that if this works Apple is probably going to try to find a way to sue your ass, or worse.”Darcy was twisted sideways, short legs dangling over the padded leather arm of the luxurious new office chair she and Jane had splurged on last month, though considering the fact that Jane had a weird aversion to any and all furniture and could almost always be found huddled on the floor somewhere, Darcy wasn’t sure why they bought it at all. Of course, that didn’t mean she wasn’t going to use it. “What’s worse?”  Jane asked distantly, her voice floating up from a corner of their living room/makeshift office.  Sliding one leg off of the armrest, Darcy used the tip of her toes to push against the cool tile floor and spun around to get a better view of her favorite lady friend genius.Jane was sitting beneath the large, open window, knees folded in to her chest, scribbling away in a ratty notebook that was splayed open on her thighs.  Soft morning light from the window fell on her like a spotlight, and her bronze hair glinted and glittered in it like a living thing.  Jane’s lips were moving silently, whiskey colored eyes shocking in their alertness given the hour. It was an early morning for them, or perhaps it was a very late night, seeing as neither of them had ever actually fallen asleep the night before. Darcy took in all of these details and more as she sprawled lazily in her sunglasses, baggy jean shorts, and purple Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles t-shirt that she got out of the juniors section in Target (because Cowabunga, dude).  Dark brows rose above the rim of her even darker glasses.  “Worse would be attracting the attention of You-Know-Who.”There was a slight pause in the scratching of Jane’s pencil.  “Stark wouldn’t be interested in this.”“Correction, Stark is interested in you.” For the record, referring to Tony Stark by a name synonymous with the dark wizard, Voldemort, was Jane’s idea, not Darcy’s.  The tiny woman had issues with Stark that Darcy didn’t quite understand but then again, Darcy had never met him and Jane had.  Darcy was a loyal friend though and if Jane didn’t like the man, Darcy was more than happy to join in the man-hating club until he earned his way out of it.Jane’s face puckered like she had taken a big bite of a lemon and the words wrenched from her lips as bitter as the yellow fruit, “I bet he’s never touched duct tape in his life.”“Well,” Darcy drawled pushing her sunglasses further up the ridge of her nose with the tip of a finger, “certainly not the kind with cartoon pizzas printed on it.” Jane’s pencil paused again, stuttering on the page.  Her eyes flickered up for the first time since their conversation started and she looked as though someone had thrown a bucket of ice cold water on her.“Pizza!”  Jane gasped, blinking rapidly, “Darcy, you never told me how last night went!”And here we go, Darcy sighed inwardly.“You were working and I know this,” Darcy motioned to the hefty radio telescope and the chunky black plastic contraption of wires and metal next to it with a flap of her hand, “is important.”Jane sat up straight, wincing out a soft, “I’m sorry.”  She set down her notebook and pencil beside her and looked at Darcy with a clear and focused gaze.  “So, what happened?”Darcy stared at Jane for a long moment, suddenly sharply grateful for the natural barrier and protection the sunglasses she wore offered, and then very carefully let her head fall back to rest against the chair.  Her shoulders lifted in a light shrug and all she could bring herself to say was, “Nothing.” A beat of silence.“What do you mean ‘nothing’?”“I mean nothing happened.”Jane’s expression darkened.  “Did he stand you up?”“Yep,” Darcy told her without hesitation, popping the ‘p’ obnoxiously.  She tried her hardest to school her voice so it kept her impenetrable shield of okay-ness perfectly in place.  No one ever liked getting stood up on a date but this one… this one stung more than it should have for reasons that Darcy wasn’t entirely ready to examine closer.  When she spoke next, her voice was purposefully light, “But hey, his no-show meant more pizza for me.  I even brought you home some, the disgusting kind you like with pineapple.  It’s in the fridge.”Jane frowned fiercely at her (which was odd, because normally pizza cheered her up, much like the turtles on Darcy’s t-shirt).  Her friend didn’t say anything for a long time and then her gaze cast off to the side for a moment before flashing back to Darcy’s decisively.“Let’s kill him.”The funny thing about Jane was that while the woman couldn’t even bring herself to smoosh a bug, even the gross kind that deserved to be smooshed, she wouldn’t think twice before putting someone who hurt those she loved six feet under.  It was adorable, really.In a potential serial killer kind of way.“I appreciate the notion, my Mad Scientist,” Darc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Thor
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Groot/Skittles/Red Bull

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Fix-It
Intense
Angst
Slow Burn
Nomad Steve Rogers
dystopian feel
Infinity Stones
plot driven romance
so much plot
Plot Twists
Avengers Family
Avengers Feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
What Have I Done
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Darcy Lewis Feels
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
Darcy Lewis & Thor Friendship
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
steve rogers forearms
Size Kink
Bucky Barnes Recovering
did I mention slow burn?
steve rogers beard
Praise Kink
eventual sexytimes
The Avengers Need a Hug
Trauma
Healing
bucky barnes is a smooth talker
Darcy Lewis-centric
Groot has a skittle obsession
love in a time of war
because I’m dramatic as fuck
The Thor and Darcy sibling relationship we all never knew we needed
except they're not siblings
but we love them anyway
D/s undertones
Because of Reasons
War epic
See that intensity tag at the beginning? Read it again
Here there be violence

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Thor
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Groot/Skittles/Red Bull

