Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

PROLOGUE

 
"Why isn't anyone listening to me?!" Loki cried, throwing his arms up in frustration. "Thor is not ready to be king! Any fool who paid attention for more than a day would see that!"
"If you persist in this, you will not win any support Loki." Idunna replied. "I agree with you, don't misunderstand..."
"Misunderstand?!" Loki blurted, anger burning in his eyes. "You would let that oaf bring war to Asgard? You know that's what will happen, don't deny it. Why won't you support me in this? Odin would listen if you came with me."
"It is not my place to interfere in the Allfather's plans. You know this. I am one of the most powerful in all of Asgard next to Odin, but we have an agreement. I provide the apples to the Aesir and any I deem worthy, but I do not interfere in the proceedings at court. Besides, the Odinsleep is upon us. Your father must name his successor now, he has already put it off too long as it is." 
"I must stop this." Loki muttered, ignoring her.
"Loki..." Idunna sighed. "I understand how you feel, but some things should not be interfered with. You don't know what might happen if you do."
"I know what will happen if I don't and if not me, then who?" Loki demanded with a snarl. "My parents do not heed my words, his friends do nothing but willingly follow him into battle, no matter how insane his plans are, the people worship him as though he's a god, no matter how reckless his actions ... how is any of that the qualities of a wise king? Do you not worry for the future of Asgard?"
"Of course I do!"
"Then how can you stand there and do nothing!?' Loki snapped. "If Thor is made king, then no one will be able to stop him causing a war."
"You could persuade him Loki." Idunna insisted. "You could persuade him anything if you tried hard enough."
"You think I haven't tried until I was exhausted? Until I wished I could pin him down with Mjolnir itself? You are not so naive as to believe that." Loki scoffed. "Thor only listens to me if it aligns with his goals or will ensure his glorious victory over his enemies. He has never been willing to use diplomacy or tricks over brute force. It is always a battle to make him see sense."
"Whatever you're planning..." Idunna began, putting a hand to Loki's arm in a show of comfort before he shook her off in annoyance.
"I must do something!" He snarled, tired of the argument. "I will not let Thor threaten Asgard with his arrogance because Odin refuses to see the truth before him!"
"Loki..."
"I apologize, My Lady." Loki sighed, a forced smile on his lips. "I should not have burdened you with this."
"Spending time with you is not a burden Loki."
"I must go." Loki muttered, turning and heading out of the orchard. If no one was going to listen or stand with him against Odin, he would just have to deal with it himself.
 
☆☆☆☆

 Kaunaz 


Runes were ancient letters used mostly for magic and divination, and many were closely associated with specific figures in the Nordic myths.  The rune that corresponds to Loki is the sixth rune, Kaunaz (also romanised as Kennaz, Kenaz), the rune of illumination, knowledge, and kinship.  Kaunaz had both positive and negative implications, much like Loki’s propensity for both mischief and aid.


Kaunaz is translated as torch, and is also associated with the hearth, as was Loki in his earlier role in mythology.  It was indicative of sudden intuition and understanding, insight, cunning, and creative thinking – Loki’s most prominent qualities.  It also represented many aspects of Loki’s personality: enthusiasm, opportunism, mischievousness, transformation, arrogance, and passion.  On a more physical level, it would indicate improved health, but could also symbolise burning pain, fever, or ulcers.

 
A link that confirms Loki's innocence: https://www.businessinsider.com/marvel-loki-mind-control-the-avengers-2018-12
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
POV Loki (Marvel)
POV Tony Stark
Slow Burn
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Not Team As Family
No Disney references
Tony Stark being a Genius because he is
Loki (Marvel) is Not a Villian
Marvel sucks at math
Tony is 21 in 1991 not 17
Odin (Marvel)'s Bad Parenting
Implied/Referenced Torture
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Not Beta Read
Rune Magic
Loki Is Not Evil
Anxiety Attacks
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Pre-Relationship
Canon Divergent for all movies Post Thor: the Dark World
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Mental Health Issues
Insecurity
screw Infinity War
Screw Engame
Screw marvel: fans can write better plots with their eyes closed
Violence
Character Death
Combating idiotic MCU Canon with Simple Logic

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

