Work Text:
It's 1941 for six minutes longer, going by the pocket watch that's the nicest thing Bucky Barnes owns. An aunt he doesn't remember left it to him when she died, and Bucky's going to leave it with Steve before he does. Steve will swear to safeguard it until Bucky comes home, and Bucky needs to decide whether he'll tell him not to be an idiot, promise me you'll pawn it before you skip on groceries, or smile and swallow because Steve never listens. Nothing's been said yet, but in the Pacific an island is still in mourning, and another ocean away men younger than he is are shooting each other, perhaps even now. Bucky can be stubborn and foolhardy and less than righteous, but he's not stupid. It'll be soon.For now, though, it's 1941 and Brooklyn is as at much at peace as it ever gets. For now he's home, and Steve is safe, and both of them are too flushed with drink to feel the cold."What's the resolution this year?" Bucky asks. Steve is the only person he knows who makes resolutions every year, and keeps them, too. Steve believes that if you're not doing better, you're not doing your best, and if you're not doing your best you may as well pack it up and go home. Sometimes Bucky thinks it's a miracle they're friends. "To enlist," Steve says, serious even loaded. Bucky wishes he hadn't asked. They've had this fight. He looks out the window, the darkness of night seeming eerily empty. There's been little snow this year. "What about you?"Every year Steve asks him, and every year it's the same. "Stay alive." It started as a joke, because Steve wouldn't let it go, and Bucky isn't sure when he started to mean it. Maybe the first winter Steve's mother was dead, and Bucky was the only one around to drag him to the hospital. Maybe the year his father died, and he learned you could forget to want to. Or maybe he meant it all along, because even then he knew, didn't he, that his life had always been a fight and always would be. He doesn't remember a time he wasn't fighting. For himself, for the ones he loves—there's never been a difference.Steve smiles likes Bucky's said something real profound. Bucky is thinking about different kinds of fights, about wavering suspended on a tightrope between years, between battlefields, between the boy he still feels like and the soldier he'll become. He's thinking that he's started a lot of fights and finished more, but he's never killed a man and he isn't looking forward to finding out what it's like. He shakes his head. I'm turning into Steve, he thinks: all that somber pensiveness. He searches, whiskey-muddled, for the old impulse that used to get him into and out of trouble, a restlessness that keeps him out too late still and makes Steve shake his head and cluck his tongue and, sometimes, grin like he's startled by his own joy, with a spark in his eyes Bucky would do just about anything to keep there forever if he could. He doesn't know where it comes from, the itch that creeps on him when he goes still too long; he doesn't know where it would have led him if Steve hadn't always been along for the ride. So maybe that's why he kisses Steve full on the mouth, sloppy but real, pushing against his stiff lips, propelled by some mess of gratitude and fear and already missing the steadiness of his presence. It's something to do when Bucky has to do something to cool the burn on his skin.God, but he'll miss the bastard.Steve sputters and wobbles and when Bucky backs off he says, "What the hell?" Not mad. Just confused. Bucky smirks, ready to convince them both it was a joke. "Don't pretend you didn't enjoy it."And he was kidding, but Steve isn't kidding at all when he says, blushing, "I didn't say that."Somewhere down the block a swell of voices is booming, blurred like sounds from the surface when you're underwater. I'll take a cup of kindness yet. Far away someone's setting off fireworks, and Bucky tries not to think about how much they sound like gunfire. Steve is touching his lip like he's not sure it belongs to him and when he looks up there's a softness in his eyes Bucky hates to and has to tear away from. A new resolution bubbles unbidden beneath his mind and he tries to bargain it shut: maybe if he comes back. When, he amends, trying to believe it. When he comes back, then, maybe—maybe then he can figure out what he's started. If he's started anything. Maybe then he can ask—he leans his head back against the wall, feels himself slumping to the floor under the sudden weight of time stretching out before him. The world is spinning out of control even through eyes falling shut. There are so many things to survive. Stay alive, he reminds himself. One year at a time.
 Later they will look back, the both of them, and marvel at how quickly the years bled together, even before they disappeared from sight. After that night, neither of them is counting for a long time.
The thing about running away is that it demands somewhere to run to—a place or a person or a vision, at least, of wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

