Chapter 1: Eyes
    




Chapter Text
Peter has seen many things in his life that made him squeal in pure nerdy delight, but a time machine is definitely at the top of his list.He should really thank the scientists that created it to go back in time and meddle with it, he guesses. He makes sure to do so as he dodges their bullets and webs them on the floor, while the rest of the Avengers takes care of the better armed ones and their security robots.Wade is with them today. Captain America accepted his help - after Peter insisted about it and Wade made his best puppy eyes - and he is doing a pretty good job at not putting bullets into the scientists’ heads or cutting off their limbs. That doesn’t mean he isn’t using his guns and katanas, but at least there isn’t much blood on the floor and Peter smiles proudly when he sees him stab a guy in the leg to stop him instead of knocking the knife into his skull.His love and pride for Wade grow even stronger when Captain America berates Wolverine, fuming and growling with his claws dripping blood, instead of Wade.“Logan! Stop being a beast and help us here!”Peter jumps next to some boxes to avoid another stream of bullets, which abruptly stops when Wade shoots at the scientists aiming at him.“Spidey! You okay?”Peter shoots a web at the railing above their heads and, just before flying past him, presses a kiss on his masked cheek and whispers: “Thank you, honey.” He can see Wade’s grin even from a mile away.He lands near the time machine and stops for a second to admire it; it looks like a portal of some sort, with wires and lights attached to it and connected to a machine in a dark corner with a huge screen and keyboard on it. He hopes Rogers will decide to keep it because damn, it’s a time machine! And they know for sure it works, that’s the main reason they are here! He is sure Bruce will want to give it a good look too.He giggles happily, anticipating the moment they will start to study it, and steps forward, focusing on the complicated keys and buttons that his mind hurries to analyze. He gasps and jumps a little when the portal slowly turns on, probably activated by his presence, a white, dense light filling it, similar to fog.“Wade! Guys! It works! It’s on!” he shouts, turning back to the team, who just stopped fighting; Wade, the Hulk and Iron Man are bringing the wounded and webbed scientists at the center of the room, Captain America, Thor and Wolverine are collecting and destroying all the weapons and looking around the place, a bad lit, decaying warehouse in the middle of nowhere.“Spider-Man! Don’t touch anything yet!” Iron Man shouts back, with a hint of personal excitement; he sounds thrilled by the idea of putting his hands on a time machine as well, but he has to appear professional and strict in front of Rogers.“Do you think we could go back in time and bring Bea Arthur here??” Wade asks, bouncing and clapping his hands. “Oooh, can you imagine? A living Bea Arthur, finally back to her beloved fans!”“These guys wanted to bring back different kind of people, I am sure.” Rogers muses grimly while Wade continues listing all dead celebrities’ names.“Hulk wants to meet Frank Sinatra…” Hulk agrees when Wade mentions him. Wade looks at Peter from the other side of the room, grins and starts singing ‘Moon River’, a hand on his heart, the other up high in the air.“Stop serenating your boyfriend.” Wolverine growls while Peter giggles and blushes, Rogers taps his foot on the floor following the rhythm and the Hulk swings his head back and forth.“We should start interrogating these people.” Logan continues, glaring at Wade who abandoned the scientists to slowly walk towards Peter. “And ask them… oh, for fuck’s sake, Wilson! Shut your mouth!”“What?!” Wade barks, stopping in the middle of the room. “Don’t interrupt the moment, you rude hairy prick!” He begins to say some pretty crude stuff to the mutant, who replies without problems, and Peter sighs fondly, deciding to focus back on the time machine until they are done.He gets closer to the portal, observing its reaction, the light, the sounds; his fingers itch, long for the keyboard and his eyes can’t wait to read all the info on the screen. Just when he is heading towards the console, there is a distinct, loud sound, the light gets brighter, blinding, and Peter has to stop to shield his face.“H-Hey!” he hears Iron Man yell in the distance, then Wade: “Peter!”He manages to look at the portal, only to have dread fill him to the bones; he is being sucked in and it doesn’t matter how much he sticks to the floor, how strong the webs he shoots at the opposite walls are. The portal is an unrelenting force and Peter stumbles, falls on the ground and feels his inside twist and turn, not because of fear - albeit he is feeling it and it’s enormous -, but because his same essence, his body and mind are being dematerialized to be carried into a different time.  “Wade!” he screams, nails scraping the ground. His leg…! His leg i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Time Travel
Dysfunctional Family
Child Abuse
Child Neglect
Established Relationship
Sexual Content

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

