Chapter 1: The Aftermath
    


Notes:
Hi everyone! So a couple of notes about this new fic:- I will try to put trigger warnings ahead of each chapter for what it covers, but be warned, this fic will heavily deal with anxiety, panic attacks, grief after a loved one’s suicide, self hate, past alcoholism, eating disorders, and PTSD, so if any of those are triggers, please please please proceed with caution or don’t read!Warning: This chapter contains self hate/blaming, anxiety, and panic attacks

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The room’s white walls were lined with empty gray chairs. Two TV monitors hung at opposite sides of the room. They played the local news network, their volume playing at a dull hum. Peter paced as doctors came in and out of the waiting room, almost in a sort of sick pattern. Each said something different to the 16 year old superhero, cutting him off with the small bit of information they were permitted to give him about Mr. Stark’s condition. After they would share the minuscule updates that Peter had to piece together to make sense of, they would say, “No, you can’t see him yet.” They must’ve caught on pretty quick to Peter’s singular question. His head spun as he tried to keep the facts the doctors were telling him straight with the events that unfolded earlier in the day 
 A blinding flash of light. 
The huge amount of energy- 
 Ash immediately began to tear away at the enemies. 
His head was exposed -
 Thanos himself finally succumbed to ash. 
A skin graft -
 Mr. Stark’s face ran with blood and his armor blackened on the right side leading to where the stones were embedded. 
I’m sorry -
 Mr. Stark stumbled forward, and Rhodey rushed and caught him before he could fall to the ground. His head fell back, and Rhodey ejected him from his armor before setting him on the ground.  
Surgery didn't usually take this long, did it? What if Mr. Stark didn’t make it out of surgery? It would all be his fault.  This is your fault,  a small voice whispered. He should’ve done more. He shouldn’t have left Mr. Stark all by himself with Thanos.  You could’ve stopped this. You had the glove. But you’re too weak to have been able to do your one job correctly. He shouldn’t have - He flinched when Karen’s soft voice came on through the mask he still hadn’t taken off, “Peter, my monitors are showing an increased heart rate and a low oxygen in your blood. You’re having a panic attack. Take deep breaths.”Peter’s hands started to drum against his suit almost by themselves. He wished he could pull at his hair. He needed something to ground himself before he could continue to spiral.  Mr. Stark needs me,  he thought.  I have to be strong for him. I can’t start to panic now. “Karen? Can you count for me?”On missions when Peter was getting nervous, he would ask her this same question and Karen would begin as she did now, softly counting “1, 2, 3, 4,5…” and continue on until Peter told her to stop. He focused on the numbers and tried to take deep breaths, ignoring a sharp pain in his right side, as he breathed in the pattern Karen had first told him to breathe in many missions ago. By the time Karen had passed 725, Peter’s breathing had gone back to normal and he felt himself calming back down.“Thank you Karen. You can stop now.”“You’re welcome Peter,” Karen’s soft voice replied. Peter took a seat as he started feeling weak from exhaustion. The sharp pain was back, and he winced as he tried to position himself in a way where it wouldn’t hurt his side. He hadn’t had time to eat or sleep since the battle with Thanos, and even though he didn’t want to admit it, he needed those things after not having either since long before being turned to dust. Even though being gone for five years didn’t impact any of his food or sleep needs, he hadn’t slept since coming back, and being awake for a full day with no rest before he had vanished did.“Peter,” Karen began softly, as she had been doing since the end of the battle. “You are extremely sleep deprived and your blood sugar levels are dangerously low. I also detect a broken rib on your right side. Why don’t you-““Karen I’m fine. I can’t be here for Mr. Stark if I’m asleep,” Peter said, repeating the same thing as multiple times previously.“Then-”“And I’m not leaving to get food either. What if he needs me and I’m gone?”“According to Ms. Potts’ estimated time of arrival, she will be here in 53 minutes. She finished informing her parents on Mr. Stark’s conditions and said goodbye to her daughter not long ago. After she arrives, I must plead with you that you will get some food and discuss your injury with her.”“Thank you, Karen,” Peter whispered. It was crazy how Karen knew exactly what to say to reassure Peter he wasn’t going to be alone soon, without him having to ask for that.“Karen, can you try calling May again? I don’t know why it’s not working,” Peter asked. He’d already tried to call his Aunt three other times, but 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
Heavy Angst
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Injury Recovery
Recovery
Panic Attacks
Anxiety
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark survives Endgame
Mentions of Suicide
Suicidal Thoughts
Self-Hatred
Self-Blame
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Depressed Peter Parker
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Eating Disorders
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

