Work Text:
Bucky doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to the sight of Steve, standing there in the doorway and peering up at him from under those long lashes of his. They’re even longer tonight; Bucky had gone out that morning with Natasha and sought her help in picking out the perfect brand of mascara. She still shoots him that little side glance whenever they do this – which, admittedly, is only once in a while. One perfectly shaped eyebrow arches - her lips slightly pursed - and she gets that familiar glint in her eye that reminds him that, yeah, she gets it; knows what it feels like to want to indulge in those sexual things most depraved and carnal. But then again, that's hardly a surprise, because she’s always gotten Bucky. He can’t help but think she looks beautiful in their mutual understanding.Not as beautiful as Steve, though.Fuck, Steve looks mouth-watering when he offers himself up like this. It’s a very specific look for a very specific occasion - every year, on this same day, Bucky just wants to make it so good for him… But part of doing that involves Steve working to be good for him in return. So he presents him there in the frame of the door; golden hair purposely tousled, as if the man had just rolled out of bed after a night of sleeping funny. Steve may have the body of a Greek god, but it’s that face of his – Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, behind the firm jawline and his strong nasal bone, he has the most angelic, boyish features. When he’s done up like this, with his hair like that, it’s impossible for Bucky not to see the boy from their youth – and maybe that shouldn’t turn him on as much as it does.But it does. So fuck what anyone else thinks about it. Bucky’s spent far too many years living by everyone else’s orders to let anyone dictate what he can and cannot enjoy now.The clothing’s always different – Bucky makes sure to pick out his Stevie something real nice whenever they play. Times are different now, which means there’s more variety; things that are more easily accessible, with money to buy them that they would’ve never had before. He’s had Steve dress up so many different ways, and every time, Bucky takes his first look at him and thinks, This one can’t be topped.It always can be though, oh yes. Taking one look at Steve in the doorway, head down with those messy golden wisps of hair sticking out all over the place, wearing nothing but a pair of skin-tight black leather pants and that beautiful black leather collar around his throat… Bucky instantly knows this is his favourite look yet.The collar is the singular constant. Bucky could have him in fucking lingerie (and he has before – goddamn, he’d looked damn near unlawful in those lacy blue panties, fucking Christ), and Steve would always make sure he had that collar snugly fastened on. Bucky had gotten it for his boyfriend two years prior, and fuck, it wraps around the arch of his throat so prettily. Steve bronzes with the best of them in the summers, but whenever they plan to do this, he always avoids the sun as much as he can in the weeks leading up to it so he can keep himself as pale as possible for Bucky. He knows better than anyone how hot and hard the sight of leather makes the ex-Assassin.But pair that with the contrast the dark hues cast against the creamy expanse of alabaster flesh, and Bucky’s pupils are blown the second he lays his eyes on it.Steve doesn’t move, doesn’t make a single motion to come closer. Good. He behaves so well. Bucky’s on his feet – has been since he called out and asked Steve if he was ready, and then listened to the footfalls as his lover approached their bedroom – and stares him down. Unlike Steve, Bucky is fully clothed. It’s part of their ritual.“You look amazing,” Bucky says, unable to hide the warmth from his voice. Steve smiles to himself, baby blues still aimed at the ground. It gives Bucky butterflies – how badly Steve adores praise. Luckily, Bucky loves to give it to him just as much… Granted that he’s earned it, of course. In his mind, they haven’t technically started yet, though, so when he tells Steve that he can look at him, Steve doesn’t hesitate to bring his gaze back up and meet his own.“You have any trouble getting into those things?” he asks with an amused smirk.Steve makes a funny face and chuckles under his breath; hands absentmindedly pressing to the smooth material stretched tightly over his thighs and sliding them around. Bucky has no doubt Steve probably used a good five minutes of his personal prep time in the bathroom, staring into the mirror (or maybe he did it with his eyes closed; Bucky can’t decide which mental image is hotter) and memorizing the sensation of the leather beneath his fingertips. Steve’s always gotten off just as much on the outfits Bucky requests him to wear. It’s about the one time Bucky truly believes that Steve sees himself as the stunning, sexy human being that Bucky’s always seen since long before the serum.“Little bit,” Steve answers. “Wasn’t as tough a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Master/Pet
Pet Play
Pet Names
Pet Steve Rogers
Master Bucky Barnes
Established Relationship
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Safe Sane and Consensual
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Steve Has Issues
Collars
Leather
Blow Jobs
Deepthroating
Face-Fucking
Face Slapping
Everything is consensual
And Steve's Idea
Pre-Established Limits
Safewords
Hand Jobs
Light Bondage
Reference to Whipping
Reference to Flogging
Reference to Knifeplay
Name-Calling
Temperature Play
Candles
Ice Play
Aftercare
Gunplay
Gun Kink
Safeword Use
Anal Sex
Anal
Comeplay
Come Swallowing
Multiple Orgasms
Forced Orgasm
Crygasms
Begging
Dirty Talk
Anal Plug
Shameless Smut
Smut
Birthday Smut
Smut and Feels
Porn with Feelings
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Warning: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

