Work Text:
The city hadn’t changed much at first glance, but somehow it was different. The large open lake that the river they’d ridden down from the hills spilled out into was less pungent; the docks and piers and assemblages of boats as they approached weren’t nearly as clogged with garbage. The strongest smell in the air was still the packed fleeces they were hitching a ride with.
"The water’s clean," Bucky straightened up from where he’d been peering over the side, and settled back against Steve, who snorted.
"I wouldn’t drink it. They dump their shit in it."
"They should cart it out to us; we could use it in the fields."
"Full of sickness, the way they live here. There’s always some epidemic, and you never know when it will break out into plague." He leaned forward, almost dislodging Bucky, who grumbled. "There."
The main bulk of the city was walled, and here it was edged by a broad band of empty water; no boats were permitted to moor at the city walls. They were cleaner than he remembered, though it could be the sunset light, painting them pale gold. It looked calm and majestic, no sign of the frantic activity within; but the growl on the edge of hearing, of carts rolling and voices calling and horses whinnying, gave the lie to the apparent serenity. Bucky shook his head.
"It’s so big. Does the river go all the way round? How do they get in and out without boats?"
"No, only about half-way. The city spills out into the hinterland on the other side. There’s one bridge over the river; you walk to it or pay a ferryman." Steve found his fingers worrying at the hem of his tunic, and he forced himself to lay his hand flat. No one would recognise him.
"I’m melting away. It’s so hot down here." Bucky tugged at his collar, which lay open to catch any breeze. Their woollen tunics weren’t designed for this weather. Even in the cooling evening, Steve felt unpleasantly clammy. "How do they stand it?"
"They wear less. They drink a lot. They’re used to it." Steve shrugged. "A lot of them go out of the city in summer, they have villas on the roads or rivers. " They’d passed a few on the way, white buildings surrounded by lush gardens. Horribly vulnerable, all of them, but there had been peace in this part of the Empire for years; the borders were far away now. The elite of the city could lounge in their villas at ease.
The boatman tugged the ropes, and turned them towards a river-gate. The warden, marked by her broad blue sash, had her hand on the ropes ready to close the gate for sunset.
The boatman threw a loop of rope around a mooring, and turned to take the sails down.
"Business?"
"Trade," and a clerk leaped down into the boat and prodded through the load, then turned to the Steve and Bucky in the rear. Steve silently pointed to their packs, and he glanced in the top.
"Not much here to warrant a trade trip."
"We’re here to litigate," Steve said, and got a raised brow.
"You have a sponsor?" He was a small man, a sombre gray robe reaching to his ankles, damp to the knees.
"I’m a citizen," Steve said shortly, and the other brow went up.
"Welcome back to the city, then." He climbed back onto the jetty, and wrote something down on a wax slate. "Name?"
"Steve," and a look of surprise for the very provincial name. Still, it was his.
The boy leapt out, and unhitched the rope. He tugged hard on it, and the boat drifted obligingly as the pilot used a long pole to push them along. It was dank here, the high stone walls showing green stains.
"This is slow," Bucky turned to look at the gate winding down behind them. "How long will it be now?"
"We’ll need another boatman." Steve pointed. "It opens up here; there are quays where the trade boats dock."
"Inside the city?"
"They think it’s worth it, to keep their trade goods safe. The sea-port downriver has warships and catapults."
The quays were busy even at this late hour, calls and whistles as dockworkers scuttled back and forth, intent as ants.
Bucky seemed overwhelmed; Steve had to shake his shoulder to get his attention.
"If we help unload, he’ll get the boy to row us." Steve hitched a load up, and tossed it onto the quay, almost flattening the boy. "Brace up, son." Another, and another, and the waiting workers formed a chain and passed them up.
It didn’t take long to unload, and then they packed themselves into a tiny rowboat, almost sitting in each others’ laps. It was a temptation to take the oars away and row, but his memory of the back waterlanes was fuzzy. He forced himself to sit quiet, watching the shapes of the buildings, waiting for familiarity.
Out of the docks and into the canals that crisscrossed the cities; through the warehouses that held the goods the boats brought it, then through cramped and crumbling insulae, four and even five floors high, windows draped with drying laundry and children running in and out of the apartments.
They turned onto the wide canal that ran in a half-circle around the public areas of the city; a short distance and they passed a huge 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Janet van Dyne

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Janet van Dyne

