Chapter 1: Awakening
    




Chapter Text
                He opens his eyes and flinches at the bright light. His eyes are not made for bright light, but for prolonged darkness. The sunshine hurts. He feels hot, suffocatingly so. This place, this room, this world feels alien and wrong. His vision comes into focus and the first thing he sees is a bearded face and a warm, if concerned smile. He’s never seen this man before. He tries to sit up, but it hurts. His whole body hurts. It is when he is peering down at his own abdomen that he notices that his skin is blue. There are others around him, many people with worried faces. Some of them look like servants, but the man and woman standing behind the bearded man exude authority and affection. Who are these people? None of them are blue of skin.                “Loki, we were so worried. You took quite a hit from that assassin. You saved father’s life.” Thor says to his brother. Loki? Is that his name? No, no his name is……His name….Oh dear gods!                “Who are you?” Loki looks upon Thor with fear and confusion. Thor’s face falls immediately.                “Brother? Loki do you not recognize me?” Thor asks with alarm.                “Brother? We are not even the same species. I am not your brother! Who are you? What do you want with me?” Loki cries out as he curls up his body to create distance between himself and the handsome stranger claiming to be his family.                “Loki, it is alright! We mean you no harm. What do you remember?” Frigga as her son with a firm but reassuring tone.
Yesterday…..

                
Loki preened with smugness as he ate his meal beside his father at the trade conference on Vanaheim. Odin had chosen him, not Thor, to accompany him to this important gathering. Inter-realm trading agreements are important business and must be handled diplomatically and with great cunning. Loki knows that this is an acknowledgement from Odin of younger son’s intelligence and finesse with politics. The atmosphere was jovial and the entertainment was lively. The food was wonderful and the guests were… enemies, competitors, and social climbers all looking to get an edge over the other realms both economically and politically. It was the reason why Loki did not indulge in any wine that night. 

                Suddenly a scream rings out from the crowd as a Vanir warrior turns black with frost bite and falls down dead. One of the Jotunn delegates rises from his large seat and directs a blue flaming ball of light at Odin. Without time to think or react Loki jumps in front of his father and absorbs the full blast. The Jotunn assassin becomes embroiled in a fight with a dozen guards before he is dispatched. Gasps ring out across the hall as everyone looks down at Loki’s limp unconscious body. 

                He is alive, and blue like a frost giant. Only a frost giant could have survived that blast. It was designed to turn its enemy into solid ice. The revelation that Loki is not Odin’s son is a scandal that rocks the nine realms. Odin stands before the other delegates and is forced to explain how a frost giant runt came to be his adopted son. Laufey’s son. Wary of the reaction of the others Odin gathers up Loki into his arms and calls out to Heimdall. 
                “Nothing. I remember nothing.” Loki says as he looks at the red haired woman with ignorance.XxXxXxXxXx                The royal family spends a couple of hours talking to Loki, explaining to him who he is and why he remembers nothing. The healers try to fix his broken mind, but Lady Eir says that only time can repair what is broken. They’ve done all that they can. Loki for his part is suspicious. He does not fully believe what he is being told and suspects that he is in fact a prisoner or perhaps a war trophy of some type. He muses that this is just a ruse to gain his compliance and lessen his desire for escape. In the end Odin and Frigga realize that all they can do is re-introduce Loki to his home and reteach him what he used to know. That he is loved.                Before leaving the healing hall Loki complains of his discomfort. “I don’t feel well. I am too hot. The light is too bright.”                “I am sorry my son. I did not want to put the enchantment back on your appearance until you saw your own skin with your own eyes. I will put it back now, so that you may be more comfortable in this climate.” Odin states before reaching out and touching Loki’s arm. A patch of milky creamy skin forms on his arm and spreads across his entire body. The magic reaches his eyes and suddenly everything looks beautiful, not blazing. Loki sighs with relief. The heat was oppressive before but now, now it feels as though there is a cool breeze blowing in through the windows.                “Thank you. I believe I might have collapsed before the hour was out.” Loki says sincerely. Odin smiles at him warmly.                “I am glad to provide you any comfort I can my son.” Odin says. L
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Intersex Loki
Memory Loss
Loss of Virginity
Loss of Identity
Pseudo-Incest
Loki Feels
Loki Angst
Loki Does What He Wants
Jötunn Loki
Smut
Thorki - Freeform
Loki is a completely different person without his memories
Assertive Loki
Odin's Good Parenting
Awesome Frigga

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

