Chapter 1: A Little Under the Weather
    




Chapter Text
It started out as nausea. Just a weird sense of everything twisting inside when Peter Parker took a particularly quick dive, or swung just a little too fast around the corner of a building. The first day it happened was after Wade had talked him into going to a very questionable food truck, so he wrote it off as bad hotdogs. He expected that to be the end of it. Day three found him heaving on a rooftop garden. It was sudden and horrifying. Hell, he didn’t remember eating anything that particular color. So, he cut off his Spiderman patrol a little early and headed back to his apartment to rest.  Just a stomach bug, he imagined. What the hell else could it be? Though, it was strange considering that he hadn’t been sick-sick since that spider bite. His healing factor, though not as impressive as Wade’s or Logan’s, was still mightier than the flu or e.coli.  After a few fitful hours of tossing and turning, with the strangest stomach cramps he’d ever experienced, Peter decided that it might be in his best interest to have himself checked out. There was always a garden variety supervillain working up the next cocktail of horror to take down the supers. When or how he could have possibly contracted this hypothesized superbug was a mystery.  Though it was late in the evening, Bruce Banner was still in his laboratory. He had a sort of agitated look on his face. Not gonna-turn-green-and-smash agitation, just the annoyed, pinched face of someone not getting the results they were expecting from Test Tube #3.  The scientist looked up hearing the door open, and a small smile played on his lips. “This is unexpected.” “Sorry,” Peter started. “If you’re busy…” “Nah. Come on in. I need to take a break anyway.” Bruce tossed aside his clipboard, giving Peter a closer look. “You feeling okay?” “Not really,” Peter answered, his stomach allready protesting the broth he ate before leaving. “Kind of have some kind of stomach issue? It’s probably nothing, but…” Peter told Bruce about the bouts of nausea, the not exactly sanitary hot dog stand (leaving out the bit about Deadpool being there, because Deadpool…), and his week of generally feeling like shit.  Bruce frowned. “Any fever? Chills?” “No. Just nausea, difficulty sleeping…” He shrugged. “I guess that’s it. Like I said, I’m probably just being paranoid.” “Goes with the territory,” Bruce said with a smirk. “I’ll take a blood sample, do some tests. In the meantime, just drink plenty of liquids.” Peter did as the doctor said, returning to his apartment feeling generally like an idiot. People get sick. It happens. It wouldn’t be the first time that a superhero caught a cold. Or flu. Or ebola. Whatever it was, more than likely it would be out of his system before Banner got back to him with the test results.  With a heavy sigh, he flopped down on the couch and grabbed the remote. He flipped through a few channels, settling on a marathon of Battlestar Galactica. Thirty minutes into the first episode, his stomach went from nauseated to demanding food. He was about to go raid the fridge, when he heard the familiar sound of his bedroom window being pushed open. A moment later, Wade stepped into the living room, his Deadpool uniform slashed along his left leg. Peter’s brow furrowed at the sight. “What are you doing here?” “I wanted to see you, sweetums,” Wade said as he vaulted over the back of the couch, landing beside Peter with scarcely an inch of space between them. He squinted at the younger man, studying him in the blue light of the TV screen. “You sick?” “Stomach’s bothering me,” Peter said, absently rubbing a hand over his flat belly.  Wade’s brow scrunched. “You don’t get sick, though.”  The concern in the merc’s voice brought a smile to Peter’s face. “I’m fine, Wade. And I already stopped by Banner’s lab to be checked out. If there’s anything wrong, I’ll know by morning.” “Hmmm.” Wade frowned, the mask bunching with the movement. He looked down at the floor, then asked, “Anything I can do? I mean, I’m not much of a nurse, but..." He waggled his eyebrows as he added, "I do have that sexy costume.” Peter laughed, and shook his head. “No. I was just going to eat something, and go to bed.” Wade patted him on the knee. “No worries, baby boy. Doctor Deadpool’ll take good care of you. You just relax.” Before Peter could ask what that meant exactly, the merc was in the kitchen rummaging through the cupboards. A few minutes later a surprisingly good aroma was wafting through the air. The sound of clanking dishes was accompanied by Wade's somewhat off-key rendition of "Any Way You Want It". Peter smiled, relaxing down into the couch. While most thought Wade was just a lunatic, Peter had taken the time to get to know him. And yeah, he was bat-shit crazy, but once you got past the voices in his head and his occasional homicidal tendancies, he was a really good friend.  Not to mention the best lay Peter ever had.  When the merc reem
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool
May Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
spideypoolfanfics
Mpreg
I Don't Even Know
I Blame Tumblr
Sexual Content
Hurt/Comfort
Wade Is A Giver
Fluff and Angst
all the feels

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool
May Parker & Steve Rogers

