Work Text:
Spider-Man sighed loudly as he swung past another two blocks of empty silence. The city was so calm, so unalive and boring. There hadn't been one little bit of trouble anywhere all night and as much as Peter should be grateful for being able to take a break, he was annoyed with the lack of action. Now he understood why Deadpool got so annoying and easily bored when he wasn't out on a mission. Waiting sucked.Deciding that the city probably wouldn't need him saving it for the next ten minutes (with his luck it probably would) Spidey headed to the nearest underground subway entrance. Even that was empty. Was there a massive 'whole NYC attendance' party he'd failed to be informed of? The subway was pretty empty at this hour on most nights, not many people caught trains at this time but still, not even one homeless person was asleep at the bottom of the stairs. Peter made his way into the men's toilets just beside said stairs. They were usually empty due to how disgusting and rat-filled they were so they were the safest place Peter could go without anyone being able to try and reveal who he was.He was slightly surprised to hear faint whistling as he came up to the second door. Probably just that homeless person that was mentioned earlier. Still, Peter was cautious as he pushed open the door, on full alert. His tense muscles relaxed as soon as his eyes fell on the man covered in a red spandex suit. He smiled sheepishly as he made his way in, drawing attention from the man as he moved from the urinal to the basin."Hey, sweet-cheeks! Wasn't expecting to find you down here." Deadpool smiled widely under his mask."I wasn't expecting you either, I thought you were at home." Peter walked up behind Wade, pressing a quick kiss to his mask-clad cheek before heading over to the urinals himself."I got bored, tried looking for something to blow up but the cities as still as a rock. It kinda sucks.""Tell me about it." Peter chuckled, continuing with his business.Wade averted his eyes from his own reflection in the mirror to Peter's. He couldn't help but smirk at the sight. He'd always liked the way Spidey's suit clung to that nice firm ass, and with Peter's crack currently showing, he found another reason to love how tight the material was."Hey Spidey, look this way and smile for me will you?" Wade chuckled, striking a pose and pulling out his phone, camera ready. Peter didn't have to turn around to know what his boyfriend was up to."How 'bout no." He mumbled, giving Wade the bird over his shoulder. Wade still took a picture, smiling smugly to himself."Has anyone told you that you've got a bubble-gum bum?" Wade laughed at himself as Peter mumbled something about dating a perv."Yes, you have like a billion times." Peter finished up, moving to the basin to wash his hands."Well, imma say it again because damn Spidey, you've got the best bubble-gum bum." Wade showed his phone to Peter, picture zoomed in on the boy's ass. Peter wrinkled his nose and nudged Wade with his shoulder."Delete it." He practically growled. Wade thought about it for a bit before shaking his head."How 'bout no." He mimicked, laughing lightly at himself again. Peter, on the other hand, wasn't the slightest amused."I hate you. Delete it now or so help me I'll-" Peter began but before he could say more he was pressed against the wall, Wade's hands firmly on his hips, their noses millimetres apart."Do you really hate me, Petey? You didn't hate me the other night when I sucked you off." Wade blinked at him innocently even though Peter couldn't see him do it. Peter pushed at Wade's chest but the man was too big and strong for the teen to even attempt to shove without actually using real force."Just delete the picture, Wade." Peter was beginning to get irritated. Normal attitude, Deadpool would say."No. Your ass is mine." Wade leaned in so his covered lips hovered over Peter's, his hips pressed against his boyfriends and his hands gripping tightly at said firm roundness. Peter bit back his gasp and tried to keep his heart rate at a normal pace so he seemed unfazed, but his mask couldn't hide the fact that he was turned on by Wade's groping. Stupid tight spandex suit. Stupid teenage hormones. And stupid sexy Wade fucking Wilson."Wade, don't. I'm supposed to be on patrol." Peter tried to move his hips away from Wade's but it only made more friction. Delicious, unwanted friction."Someone else can watch the city for a bit, it's not like much is happening anyway." Wade stepped back, staring Peter down for a few seconds before backing up toward the door, eyes staying locked on with the part between Peter's legs, a thin layer of martial hiding it from his view.{Not for long~} the yellow box giggled as Wade locked the door, they had the place to themselves."Wade, no. Not in here, please." Peter didn't have time to move. Wade was against him again, holding him still."I'm gonna prove that ass is mine, right here, right now." Wade mused.[No ifs, no buts.] The white
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Bathroom Sex
Smut
Spideypool - Freeform
mercenary
Deadpool - Freeform
Spider-Man - Freeform
Marvel - Freeform
Spideypool Smut
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Semi-Public Sex
Sexy Times
Wild Sex
Hot Sex
Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

