Chapter 1: The Build Up
    




Chapter Text
Most days Peter dreaded school. Ok, maybe not school, but rather, he dreaded the people at school, namely: Flash Thompson. He had been a thorn in Peter’s side for nearly three years now, however, his teasing has only gotten worse after Peter started ‘working’ for Tony Stark. Now to be fair, he was working for Tony… He just also happened to be his adopted son. Now, what does this have to do with anything? Well for as much as Pete sometimes hated going to school (his STEM classes were too easy anyway) there were a few special occasions that he always looked forward to: field trips. Fourth period was science with Mr. Harrington. He was Peter’s favourite teacher, mostly because he was the only one who actually believed him about the Stark internship. “Alright class, before the bell rings I have an announcement, our class is going on a field trip next week,” The entire class perked up, looking forward to the temporary escape from balancing chemical equations and naming compounds. “The destination is a surprise, however, your parent or guardian needs to sign this permission slip” He held up the aforementioned paper “If you need a Spanish copy, let me know. Any questions?” MJ raised her hand, “Will it be an all-day trip?” she said in her usual uninterested tone. “Yes, we will all meet in front of the school at seven-thirty, lunch will be provided, and we’ll all be back to school by two.” after a few more details were explained the bell rang, “Alright get the forms signed and brought back by Thursday so we can leave on Friday.” “Hey Peter,” Ned said as he approached “Where do you think we’re going?” the excitement was rolling off his friend in waves.“Not sure, probably a museum or something. Hey, we still on for movie night tomorrow?” They continued their conversation out to the carpool lane where Happy was waiting for them (Luckily they hadn’t run into Flash on the way out). “Alright Ned, see you later,” Peter swung his bag into the backseat and texted Wade to see if he would come over later.“You’re looking cheery,” Happy observed as he pulled onto the main road. Commence the daily ritual of ranting to Happy about his day and Happy ranting about his. “Welcome home miny boss,” Friday greeted as Pete walked through the doors.“Thanks Friday, hey can you ask pop’s what the plan for dinner is?”“He said ‘Buck is making spaghetti and meatballs’” A faint ‘heck yea’ was heard from the vents making peter chuckle. “Thanks Fri.” Peter headed to his room, the door swinging open automatically as he approached. The thing about Peter’s room was, every surface was the floor. Ya’ see, once Tony realized how much time Peter spent on the walls and ceiling he developed artificial gravity that emitted from the walls. So now he had a bookshelf on the ceiling, rugs on the walls, you name it. His bed was still on the ground though, per Tony’s request. He flopped down on said bed, staring up at his workbench that currently had his suit draped over it. Karen was acting a little buggy after he got stabbed last week so he was in the process of repairing both her and the suit. A tapping on the window drew Peter from his thoughts, It was Wade. How he managed to get this high up with no powers Peter will never know. Pushing himself off the bed and over to the window he opened it to let Wade in. “Hello, Petey Pie~” he sang as he climbed in, picking up Peter to spin him around. “Wade!” He laughed, “Put me down!” “Aww but babe you’re just so cute!” he had spun them over to the couch and plopped down with Peter in his lap. Pete’s mock anger melted away as he shifted to cuddle with his boyfriend. “Baby boy, do me a favour and web the remote.” Pete did, turning on the TV and flipping over to Netflix to watch Star Trek. And that’s how Peter Parker spent his afternoon, watching Star Trek with his mercenary until Friday told him it was time for dinner. “You wanna stay?” “Na, go have your family time,” he lent down to kiss Peter.“You are my family Wade,” he concluded, pecking him one more time before heading to the kitchen. “Hey Kid” Tony called as Peter came in, “fix your plate and be careful, the garlic bread just came out the oven.” he nodded, grabbing a bowl and loading it high with spaghetti, meatballs, and garlic bread. “Is Wade coming?” “No, I think he still thinks you guys don’t like him,” Pete explained after sitting down, “Hey dad? I got a permission slip for you to sign after dinner.”“No problem,”“Where are you going?” Steve asked.“Not sure. Mr. Harrington didn’t say, But I’m sure its a museum or something.”Bucky (with his mouth full of meatball) butted in “Why don’t you play hooky then?” that earned a glare from steve.“Nah, I’m actually excited for it. ‘Course, nothing could be cooler than the stuff I work on here, but it’ll still be cool to go someplace new.”Dinner continued without a hitch, Clint even stopped by to snag some garlic bread. Although the rest of the live-in Avengers are considered fa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily
Fluff
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Insecure Wade Wilson
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
vine references

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

