Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Bucky was so caught up working on his latest paper that, as usual, he completely lost track of time. That resulted in him frantically throwing everything in his backpack and then practically running down the four flights of stairs in the back stairwell of the library. Over the past four years, he’d found the quieter and less used sections of buildings around campus, which often came to his advantage so he didn’t have to wait for crowded elevators or slow people in front of him. Because let’s be honest-- Bucky was always running late.Starting Sophomore year, he’d been working a couple shifts a week at an ice cream shop located on campus, Cone-E Island, for spending money. Taking evening shifts from 5 to midnight meant that he often got paid to mainly stand around and get school reading done. He pushed open the rear door of the library (technically it was an emergency exit, but for some reason wasn’t armed) and pulled out his phone to text his boss that he’d be about five minutes late, when he ran into what felt like a brick wall. In addition to coming to a complete halt, he also then started to feel like he was going to fall backwards, almost bouncing off the mass in front of him. But before he had the chance to fall, he felt his shoulder being grabbed and quickly steadying him. He was a bit flustered to say the least, but let out a bit of a sigh of relief as he felt that he still had his phone in hand; that was something he really couldn’t afford to fix had it gotten broken. As soon as he started to get his bearings, and the fact that he was still practically pressed back against whatever was in front of him, the first thing he took in was the smell. It immediately went to his core and he let out an involuntary moan at the amazing musk that was undoubtedly coming the Alpha in front of him. His brain slowly coming back online, Bucky immediately slapped his hand over his mouth in embarrassment as he finally looked up to see who he no doubt had offended by first not paying attention and running into them, but then senting them rudely. Instead, what he found looking down at him was an amused expression of an ungodly tall and broad man. Bucky’s expression quickly changed from the start of an apology to blank as he took in the man's handsome features. In front of him was a stunning man with a strong nose and jawline that was covered with a silky looking dirty-blonde beard that Bucky immediately had a craving to run his fingers through. The beard matched the tidy mop of lighter blonde hair on the top of his head, but what Bucky’s gaze was most drawn to was perhaps the most beautiful blue eyes he’d ever seen.“You okay there?” a baritone voice asked with a chuckle to match his amused expression. Bucky blinked back still under the spell of this man’s amazing smell and handsome gaze, and fought every urge to sent the air any further than he already had.“Uh, yeah. Thanks. Sorry about that,” he finally mumbled after a second or two delay although for all he knew it could have been a minute of him just staring up into those eyes.“Perhaps try to keep your nose out of your phone the next time you decide to bolt out of a building onto a busy sidewalk?” the man stated with the same easy, amused tone in his voice. “Yeah. Will do,” Bucky again mumbled as he was able to finally shift his gaze from staring up into the strangers face to take in that he was wearing a blue suit with a crisp white shirt and crimson red tie with some type of preppy blue and white pattern on it that he couldn’t quite make out.“If I let go of you, you sure you’re not going to fall over?” the stranger then asked, and it wasn’t until that moment that he realized the man’s hands were still on his shoulders, very much steadying him.“Yeah. I’m good, thanks,” Bucky stated, this time a little more together, to the point that he then wanted to groan at his short and repetitive responses.“Ok, then. Well, have a great evening,” the stranger then said with a simple smile that made Bucky’s knees a bit weak. Then taking a step to the side, proceeded down the sidewalk in the opposite direction Bucky had intended.Bucky was so pulled in by the stranger that he found himself turning and watching as the man walked away. A few yards away, he quickly turned and looked back, his smile getting bigger and he gave Bucky a wink before turning and continuing on his way. Bucky probably could have stood there for another 15 minutes as his brain processed everything that had just happened - especially the man’s glorious scent - when his phone buzzed in his hand. Looking down it was a text from his boss asking him where he was. With that he turned on his heels and quickly, but cautiously, made his way to work. It was harder than he might have expected given that his mind started wondering, thinking back to the piercing blue of those eyes, the smirk on his lips, that voice, and most of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Shrunkyclunks
Not Canon Compliant
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Modern Bucky Barnes
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Age Difference
Size Difference
Sassy Bucky Barnes
Dirty Thoughts
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Stucky - Freeform
POV Bucky Barnes
Bearded Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Washington D.C.
Explicit Sexual Content
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
POV Steve Rogers
Confessions
Steve got shot
Confused Bucky Barnes
Truman (dog)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

