Chapter 1: The Dentist
    




Chapter Text
They need to take Grant to the dentist.  They both know it; they've been side-stepping it for a few days, since Pepper mentioned it in passing.  Bucky spent a lot of time in the dentist's chair during the war, when they were trying to fix up soldiers' teeth, but he doesn't remember much besides the feeling of two gold teeth in the back of his mouth.  Those, of course, disappeared when he became the Winter Soldier; he has no idea if Zola's version of the serum made him somehow regrow the teeth or if the normal-looking teeth he now sports aren't actually teeth.  He chooses not to think about the other option, that the teeth are real teeth but not his real teeth.Steve had been a good brusher as a child, thanks to his nurse mother, and probably got extra-strong enamel with the serum.  When he first woke up and found out about regular dental visits (“Every six months?” He'd asked Pepper, aghast), he'd dutifully scheduled a check-up.  The hygienist had almost fainted when he said his last dental visit had been in 1944.But with everything that's happened with Grant, they've been putting off the dentist.  Finally, Bucky reads a scathing post on a mommy-blog about tooth decay in children and they schedule an appointment.  The problem is, they don't know any dentists.  They'll have to take Grant to some office, to some stranger, like regular people.Bucky seems personally offended by this.“Stark's a billionaire and he doesn't have a dentist in the Tower?” He asks on the subway.  One day a week, Bucky forces himself to take the train.  He usually holds onto a rail with white knuckles, but he's getting better with Grant there to focus on.“It'll be good,” Steve says, wincing as Grant presses his face against the grimy window.  He studiously tries not to think about how many other people's mouths have touched that window.  “He can be normal for once.”Steve should have known better.The waiting room isn't terrible; there's a corner full of toys for the kids to play with while their parents fill out what feels like an entire ream of paperwork.  Grant sits at the edge and watches the other kids playing, but he doesn't join in no matter how many encouraging nods Steve and Bucky give him.  He's getting so much better at interacting with people, but this is a new place and these aren't his regular daycare friends he's gotten used to.  They have to wait for what feels like forever, and then a woman in scrubs opens the door to the back and calls,“Grant Barnes-Rogers.”  Steve and Bucky grin at each other for a second over the hyphenated name.“Ready, kid?” Bucky asks.  Grant gets even more shy and scared and wants to be carried, and he won't respond to the hygienist's attempts at small talk with him.  It doesn't take long to get to the room, and the woman gestures them in and says,“Have a seat in the chair.”And that's when Bucky loses it.He's got Grant in his arms and the first sign of trouble is the way his entire body stills, going from loose and relaxed to coiled and on alert.  Every single movement freezes and it's not something Steve can miss.“Buck?” He asks cautiously, holding up a hand so the hygienist will stay outside the room.Bucky's eyes dart over to Steve but he doesn't move any other muscle.  Steve curses himself.  He should have known.  There's a goddamn chair right in front of them, a chair that reclines and has equipment facing it, a chair that doesn't have restraints but still looks all too similar to the chair that Bucky can only associate with pain and erased memories.“Stevie.” Bucky's voice is urgent.  “We been made somehow, I guess.  Take the kid and go.  You know where the go bags are; don't go back to the Tower.”“Bucky.” Steve wants so badly to touch him but he doesn't think it's a good idea.  “It's not HYDRA.  It's a dentist.”“Papa?” Grant asks hesitantly.“Go to Daddy.” Bucky kisses Grant's hair and starts handing him to Steve.  “Steve, go.”“Buck.” Steve takes Grant but stands firm in the doorway.  “No one's going to hurt you.”“They're here for the kid,” Bucky hisses.  “I'm not letting that happen.”“They're not going to hurt Grant,” Steve promises, feeling helpless.  He's glad Bucky hadn't just gone straight into Winter Soldier mode and started trying to kill people; he'd have to stop him if that were the case, and he's not sure who'd be more traumatized, himself or Grant.“Tony did background checks on this whole office, remember?” Steve continued, voice pitched low and soothing.  “And then you checked.  You ran surveillance for two days.”Bucky's starting to breathe faster, a sign that he's confused between what he thinks he knows and what he's seeing.  Steve warily puts a hand on Bucky's shoulder and can feel every muscle tight and tense beneath his hand.“I ran surveillance,” Bucky mumbles.“You did.  You didn't find anything wrong.”“I didn't find anything,” Bucky repeats.  He sounds faraway, but Steve recognizes that he's coming back.  He finally moves—turns his he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Domestic
Kid Fic

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

