Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 






 


Steve will never admit just how relieved he was when he heard that the US was ready to accept the so called Rouges - the public will turn around, he was sure of it. They were the Avengers, after all. They were Earth's mightiest heroes! - back as long as they at least read the Accords before dismissing them. He was too excited to be going back home to correct them on the fact that they had read the documents and had still disagreed with them, so he let it go and instead thanked a beyond tired looking T'Challa for his hospitality and all of his help before going to his room to pack his few belongings and boarding the jet Wakanda was lending them to take them back to America, enjoying his team's, his family's elation to finally be going back home.
He will also never admit to how nervous he had been on the way back, so nervous that he even tuned out entire conversations on the long flight, as he thought about the one person he had left behind. It had been eighteen long, heart-wrenching, nerve-wrecking months since he had last seen his fiancée in that Siberian bunker, trying to kill his best friend because of something he had had no control over. Steve knew he could have handled the entire situation about ten times better than he had, but Bucky was all he had left and he couldn't let someone take something else from him after losing everything once already. He had hoped for a better, more mature confrontation with her, but he knew his beautiful girlfriend, knew all of her flaws and her bad character and he knew it could have come to that fight no matter how he had handled the situation prior to that moment in time.
After all, Toni Stark wasn't exactly a pillar of virtue and he had known not to expect much out of Iron Maiden's reaction. He had tried to explain, though. Bucky was innocent. HYDRA was at fault. His friend had been brainwashed, hadn't been in control of his actions, his body had not been his own and Toni had been petty enough to think only of herself. Steve knew that she was never close to her parents and - as horrible as it may sound - she shouldn't have had such a violet reaction. Steve had heard her complain so many times about both of her parents that he was honestly surprised she had grieved at all. He had had the passing thought that she had only been looking for a fight and that was why she had attacked them, but he had been overcome by shame in the very next second. Toni wasn't really like that. Besides, he had seen the grief and betrayal in her eyes when she had demanded if he had known. Toni was a good actor, but not even she was good enough to fake that much sadness.
Steve mourned the way his last meeting with his girlfriend had went down, but he never regretted picking Bucky over her. Toni would be fine. She was Iron Maiden, she was Toni Stark. She had money, fame, brains and a reputation to keep her floating while Bucky would have drowned without Steve. She was obviously fine enough to fly the suit again and only a week after Siberia! Toni was nothing if not resilient. Steve had had no doubt his girl will be fine. Still, he had hoped she would contact him. He had left that flip phone for her. Was his message clear enough? He forgave her for siding with Ross and the government that wanted to tear the Avengers apart and turn them into attack dogs. He was sure that had been clear enough in his letter. Maybe she had been angry and had thrown away the phone and had later regretted it? It could be a plausible explanation, since Steve had never been sure whether he had waited long enough before sending it to her. Oh well. He was sure they can fix it all now that he was finally coming home.
But then they had all arrived home, back at the Avengers Compound, only to find that no one was waiting for them except some agent looking man Steve was sure he had once seen in SHIELD. Only he was now wearing a badge with the Stark Industries logo on it, so Steve figured he might have mistaken him for someone else. Especially with the way the man was glaring at them all, specifically him and Natasha. He probably just had one of those faces.
The unpleasant surprises and Toni's true childish pettiness were unraveled when they got a short debriefing from the agent, stating that the East wing was off limits to the 'Rouges' unless they want to be physically removed by whoever was around to take that pleasure. They were not allowed to go down to the labs, their hours in the training simulator and the gyms were limited and they had only a thousand dollars to their names. Their gear was to be looked over by a government contractor, so they shouldn't bother 'Miss Stark' with their problems unless it was something they found on a mission. And speaking of missions,.they were on a two month probation period, Steve was no longer the team leader, since that position was shared between Colonel Rhodes and a Major Danvers (Captain Marvel, one of the New Avengers Toni had recruited while
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Vision
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Stephen Strange & Wong
Tony Stark & Wong

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Miscarriage
Unhealthy Relationships
Healing
Healthy Relationships
Break Up
Post-Break Up
Engagement
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Women
BAMF Stephen Strange
New Avengers
Extremis
not team Cap friendly
Don't Like Don't Read
Protective Stephen Strange
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Harley and Peter are there to be silent trolls
Delusional Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Has Some Serious Issues
Pregnancy
Magical Pregnancy
Maybe - Freeform
Mentions of good father Howard Stark
Fix-It

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Vision
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Stephen Strange & Wong
Tony Stark & Wong

