Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
"Only by binding together as a single force will we remain strong and unconquerable."― Chris Bradford *****
Space
The song was blasting through the speakers. Quill was bobbing his head up and down to the beat, his moving hips causing the chair he was sitting on to shake slightly.“Sing it, Drax!” the human said, shoving a hand at the other’s face.Drax snubbed him, since he was snoring with his mouth open from his seat in front of Quill. Gamora, on the other hand, was moving her lips, mouthing the words of the song along with Quill. They were completely ridiculous and Rocket rolled his eyes, though there was a part of him that wanted to join in. He ignored it, as usual, and affected a bored air, complete with yawn.“Why are we doing this again?” he asked.Gamora looked at him as if he was crazy. “It’s a distress signal, Rocket. Someone could be dying.”“I get that, but why are we doing it?” He knew why they were doing it. It was because they were all damn bleeding hearts, thinking that the universe could be a good place. What morons. The universe was shit.“’Cause we’re nice,” Quill said, and Rocket mentally clapped himself for knowing the answer. Of course he did. He was smart and he knew these idiots. They were his idiots, after all. “And maybe whoever it is will give us a little cheddar cheese,” he added, making the gesture that Rocket had learned meant money for humans. What an odd bunch. “For our help.”“Which isn’t the point,” Gamora said to Quill with a disapproving expression.Quill, whipped as he was, agreed immediately. “Which isn’t the point… But… if he doesn’t pony up….“We’ll take his ship.” Had Drax been faking sleep? It was possible. Rocket should have done that too. Whatever.“Exactly!” Rocket agreed.“We are arriving,” Mantis said, drawing everyone’s attention.Quill puffed up to deliver his ‘I am Captain and what I say is important’ speech. Rocket rolled his eyes again. “All right, Guardians. Don’t forget, this might be dangerous, so let’s put on our mean faces.” He turned off the music.Mantis obligingly produced a very unconvincing snarl. That girl couldn’t scare anyone, she was as meek as a kitten. Groot stayed glued to his stupid videogame, which beeped loudly in the sudden silence. Rocket wanted to beat the crap out of Quill for introducing his little sapling to that thing. It was going to melt the kid’s brain.“Groot, put that thing away. Now. I don’t wanna tell you again,” Quill said, trying for a stern tone and missing by a mile.  Groot ignored him, the game still beeping. “I am Groot!” he replied in a mocking tone.“Whoa!”“Language!”“Hey!”“Wow.”Quill, Rocket, Gamora and Drax said, almost simultaneously.Quill looked almost impressed. “You got some acorns on you, kid.”Rocket wasn’t so amused. “Ever since you got a little sap, you’re a total d-hole. Keep it up, and I’m gonna smash that thing to pieces!”Groot only rolled his eyes, the little bastard. If he thought Rocket wouldn’t do it, he was going to be in for a nasty surprise one of these days.Rocket was about to scold him some more, but they arrived and his attention was drawn to the view outside. It was… a mess. There was destruction all around them; debris and floating corpses filled the screen.“Wow. Shit.”“What happened?” Mantis asked.“Looks like we’re not getting paid,” Rocket said. He didn’t like this one bit, though. There was… something here that made his fur stand on end. Bad, bad feeling.“Look!” Gamora pointed to a big piece of… was that a ship?…  passing by. “Look at the insignia.”Quill leaned forward. “Is that… Is that the Nova Corp?”Rocket jumped up on his chair and started messing with the controls, trying to hail Xandar. There was no answer. He looked at Quill.“Set course for Xandar,” Quill said.The trip was made in silence. Even Groot had finally put aside his damn videogame, watching the screen anxiously.“Shit.” It was Quill who spoke, echoing everyone’s sentiments. Xandar was a mess. Debris littered the orbit of the planet, with even more dead bodies drifting around the wreckage of the ships. The ship’s sensors registered life signs on the planet, but far far fewer than there should have been. There had been over 12 billion life forms in Xandar the last time they’d been there. Now it was only a little over 5.There was only one being who could have done this.“Thanos has the Power Stone,” Gamora breathed, voice slightly shaky.The universe was screwed. *****
Earth 
It was a nice day. Clear skies, warm weather, perfectly pleasant. It had been a while since Stephen had had the opportunity to go outside just to enjoy the fresh air. Being the Master of the New York Sanctum – not to mention the Sorcerer Supreme – came with a lot of duties and responsibilities, and it made for a hectic life. He was used to a certain amount of that – he’d once been a surgical intern at a major hospital, after all – but this was new. Who would have guessed that there were so many mystical threats out there? Wong sai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Gamora/Peter Quill
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
AU
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Fix-It of Sorts

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Gamora/Peter Quill
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

