Work Text:
"I still do not understand the good Captain's offense at your generous offering of tutors, Friend Tony," Prince Thor says. He is the image of a crown prince in the wing-backed chair, but for the Pop-tart in his hand.Tony sits across from him, something between the Lt. Col. Stark and the majority shareholder of one of the world's largest corporations. If asked, most would say this meeting is between Prince Thor and Iron Man, and they would be neither wholly correct or incorrect. Tony crosses one ankle over the opposite knee and takes a sip of bourbon before he responds, "You have said that in Asgard, officers are typically the children of other officers. They spend their early years being taught strategy and regulations, training for combat, yes?""Indeed," he nods. He won't rush Tony. Thor has learned that the Man of Iron often starts far away from a point, so he can go to it without confusion."On Earth, we do things a bit differently. I won't go into detail about the other nations, but I can explain the United States. You see, the U.S. requires twelve years of education to earn what we call a high school diploma. It's essentially the lowest form of qualification we offer, and it does not include any military training. In fact, the physical requirements are laughable in most schools. Importantly, Steve has this qualification, but he earned it so long ago that he is missing vital information taught in schools now, and Clint did not have it at all, although he has now earned a General Equivalency Diploma, a GED. "Do I need to clarify anything, big guy?""No, I do not think so, Man of Iron," although now he is even more confused."Right, so there is optional schooling, which we call college or university. These schools are very expensive. In fact, most of them cost half as much per year as the average American family brings home. It is quite the priveledge to attend one."Thor nods. It does not sound too different to the tutors hired in Asgard. Why then would the Captain deny himself this education? Should he not be honored that the Lord Commander Stark is generous enough to provide it, especially to one of such a lower class as the Captain?"I don't know how it's done on Asgard, but in the U.S., joining the military means two months of Basic Training. This time is where new recruits learn basic regulations and strategy, combat skills, and get into physical condition.""You did so with us," Thor says, surprisingly unoffended."Yes, although in this case, the physical portion was less about getting everyone in shape and more about learning everyone's abilities, and the other training was more about ensuring there were no gaps, especially for Rogers."Thor is confused. He would have thought the training more necessary for Friend Bruce. The Healer is a gentle soul, a scholar more so than even his dear Lady Jane. In Asgard, some noble or even the All-Father himself would hire such a man to study and treat the injured of the House, but he would never see combat. If an attack were to occur, he would be secured and protected alongside the women and children. Tony sighs; he does not want to say what he is about to share, "SHIELD is not military, but the training its operatives go through is quite similar, so there was little worry about whether or not Clint and Natasha know the basics. Bruce never formally served, but he worked alongside the military for years before the Hulk emerged, so he has a decent idea of when to stay away, which is really all he needs to know in terms of such training, especially since, as a doctor, his skills with field medicine far outstrip any first aid training we might provide. You are a warrior prince, so while the details may vary, the basics would most likely be the same, and I myself spent seventeen years in the military, so my knowledge is fairly well set. Steve, though," he takes a breath, "Thor, Steve isn't a real soldier. He never finished Basic. That's the biggest reason I insisted upon it.""What?!" Thor booms. "Yeah, that was my reaction too. I thought, well, I knew Steve wasn't a real officer. Do you remember when I talked about the college degrees? In order to be eligible for officer training, you have to have a Bachelor's degree, and Steve doesn't have one. He also certainly never went through officer training.""He is a fraud.""Yes, although it is not intentional. He believes it.""I do not understand.""Captain America is just a character that the U.S. Army created to sell war bonds - to get money for the war. However, after he disobeyed orders to rescue his friend Bucky, the S.S.R., not the U.S. Army, allowed him to operate a small team which was formally called the 107th infantry and informally called the Howling Commandoes or the Howlies. The team's orders came from Lt. Col. Phillips. Steve was allowed to act as the figurehead, and they let him think he was in charge, but its success rested largely on the fact that it was comprised mainly of officers and Sergeants. It was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Military!Tony
Politics
Education
Thor Trying to Understand Earth
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Is the Leader of the Avengers
Team Leader Tony Stark
Don't Like Don't Read

fandom: 
None
