Work Text:
“Sir, Mr. Rogers is currently attempting to gain entry to the second-floor common room.” Jarvis’ voice rings out through Tony’s lab. “Would you like me to subdue him.”Dum-E beeps excitedly, and Tony would be amused at the great Steve Rogers, taken down by an AI with a grudge, but this is personal.“Not yet, let him in.” Tony get’s up and heads for the common room. “Put Carol on stand-by if she’s up, and keep the lights off until I cue.”“Of course, Sir.” JAVIS agrees, and Tony slips into the common room. Steve is hunched over a table rifling through the Avengers mail. Tony taps on the table as he takes a seat at the bar, and the lights turn on.“Hey Steve.” He greets, as the super soldier spins around to face him. “Did you know it’s a crime to go through someone else’s mail?” He keeps his tone conversational, as Steve edges around the room.“Tony,” Steve looks wary, and he moves towards the window. “We need to talk.”  Tony rolls his eyes.“Not that you care about what is and isn’t a crime, I mean breaking and entering.” He tuts as Steve in disappointment.“Tony be fair,” Steve scolds, forgetting the situation. “The compound was always our home.”“Oh, I’m sorry.” Tony mocks. “I missed your name on the deed.” Steve steps forward, and Tony knows it’s an intimidation tactic, knows because Steve has done it so many times before.“Look Tony, I know you’re mad at me, but that’s no reason to take it out on the team.” Steve scolds, and Tony wants to laugh at him. “You got everyone arrested.”“Mad at you?” Tony asks, lounging back in his seat. Extremis roils under his skin, a comfort. “That’s a bit of an understatement, don’t you think?”“I apologized,” Steve says, and yet he’s still attempting to tower over him. “It’s time for you to move on.” Tony snorts a laugh.“Move on, god that’s rich coming from you.” Tony gestures to all of him. “Also, sorry, not sorry, but your shitty apology does not absolve you from being an accessory after the fact to my parents murder, and it definitely doesn’t absolve you of any of your other crimes, including,” He gestures to the window. “Breaking and entering.”“Tony it wasn’t Bucky’s fault.” Steve scolds, and he looks tired. As if Tony is the exhausting one in this conversation.“Oh no Steve, you were aiding and abetting HYDRA.” Tony corrects. “I didn’t say a word about Barnes that guilt is all you.” Of course, Steve doesn’t have an answer to that.“And where’s your guilt?” Steve changes the topic with all the grace of a sledge hammer. “The Avengers are in prison, Clint’s dead. That’s on you.”“Why? I didn’t kill him.” Ton shrugs. It’s a tragedy what happened but it’s hardly Tony’s fault. “You all made your decisions Steve, and I made mine.” He smiles wolfishly at the man.“Exactly, you were wrong.” Steve ignore the smile. “But you can make things right.” Tony stands then.“Steve, I wasn’t wrong.” Tony walks around the bar tapping on it idly. “I’m still not, what I am is winning.” He knows he’s the villain in Steve’s eyes, he’s proud of it.“Tony we both messed up, we both made mistakes.” Steve reaches out towards him, but Tony steps away. “We can fix everything though, get the others out of prison. You just have to do what’s right.”“That’s what you’re failing to understand Steve,” Tony’s eyes glow slightly as he smiles. “I am doing what’s right.”“Tony, how can you say that?” Steve looks aghast.“Easy, I’m done being your little errand boy Steve.” Tony explains. “I’m not gonna keep fixing your problems.” He jabs a finger towards Steve. “You all made your bed, lie in it.” There’s nothing else to say.“What about Sam?” Steve asks, and Tony’s tired of his games.“What about Sam?” It’s not like Sam and Tony were ever friends.“What about?” Steve’s incredulous tone is not appreciated. “Sam is our friend, and he’s in prison, possibly for the rest of his life. That’s on you.” Tony can’t help but think that Rhodey was right when he called Steve painfully naïve.“Steve,” Tony shakes his head. “Sam was never my friend, he was yours.” It’s clear Steve wants to argue with that, but Tony doesn’t care. “And, it’s not my fault he’s in prison. You’re the one who led him to break the law.”“You sent the cops after him!” Steve practically screeches.“Not my fault you all were stupid enough to keep Stark tech on you.” He shrugs, and the hurt look on Steve’s face causes him to laugh. “What? Did you think you could leave me for dead, and I’d still protect you?”“Tony, that isn’t what happened.” Steve defends.“You made me the enemy Steve,” Tony smiles wolfishly. “My enemies don’t often live long, be happy Sam’s only in prison. He broke the law, he got what he deserved.”“What he deserved? We’re heroes!” Steve shouts, all self-righteous fury, and undeserved pride.“No, Sorry. I think the word you’re looking for is terrorist, criminal works too.” He gestures towards the broken window as if to illustrate his point.“What about Wanda?” Steve asks, “She’s just a kid, she’s not a criminal.” He’s nearly hysteric, if Tony could mus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
morally Gray Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
