Chapter 1: Friday
    




Chapter Text
The snap. The vanishing. The blip.Whatever the fuck you wanted to call what happened, Avery Felix didn’t ask for it.Of course, no one asked for it. Some evil alien overlord decided on behalf of the universe or something. She couldn’t wrap her brain around it. It was the strangest sequence of events - something that even over a year later she couldn’t comprehend. One second, she is in the middle of an argument with her boyfriend. Fists balled, water boiling over on the stove, her mouth open to shout. Then, her insides felt sparkly. It was a weird feeling she had a hard time articulating - but it was if every molecule in her body decided to float away.She heard her name being called out. Then darkness.It felt like five milliseconds passed by and she was back, in the exact same spot, rebuilt. She felt the same - down to the sparkling feeling in her core, that slowly returned to the anger from her fight with Seth.Only  everything else  was different. Somehow it was five years later.She immediately fell to the ground from the shock.Now, here she was, fourteen months after the  blip  or whatever the term people were using now - the return, the sequel, part two, the rebuild. Fourteen months after half the population of the planet returned and she was hardly surviving.Avery pulled herself off of the couch and sighed. It was Friday night. Back in the old days - the BS era,  Before Snap,  as she liked to call it - Fridays used to be date night. For as long as she remembered with Seth, since the very first week of their relationship, date night was sacred. It was a time for the two of them,  just the two of them for some amount of time at least, to get dinner or try to cook together or see a movie or go to an exhibit.Even if Seth had to schedule her into his life, she knew they always had date night.Now, Friday night was looking a lot less appealing.She stalked away from her cognac coloured couch, letting the hunger in her stomach lead her closer to the fridge. She paused in front of her far window, taking a moment to carefully analyze the conditions of her plants. She smiled when she saw a new growth on her fiddle-leaf fig -  ficus lyrata  - then quickly pouted. It was a sad reminder that this is what was exciting to her now: new plants. She may not be great at taking care of herself lately, but she was not going to let her green friends perish by her hands. Not that she hadn’t always taken an interest in botany. In fact, it had been one of the lines of biochemistry she had excelled at when she was in university. She grabbed the spray bottle that was nestled between a few potted plants on the table and let out a soft sigh. She spent every morning going through her plant routine, checking for bugs or worry spots in leaves, hydrating them all appropriately on a schedule. She gave an extra spritz to the plant she had been fondling and smiled to herself again.“Keep up the good work, Frank,” she said quietly, turning the pot slightly to ensure the best late day spring light hit the leaves. She returned the bottle to it’s spot and glanced around the room. There was greenery throughout her small space and it gave her a very real sense of normalcy, a sense of routine and that this life was normal again.Normal. She let out a short huff and shook her head, moving towards her kitchen area, using her hands to pull her sweeping grown-out blonde hair into a messy bun on the top of her head. Date night. No, just Friday night in. She supposed she owed it to herself to at least attempt to cook herself a real meal.It was something her therapist recommended. ‘ Avery, you experienced an unusual trauma with half of the world. You don’t owe yourself any type of lifestyle right now. But, the first step to pulling yourself out of this depression is trying again. Trying anything to find yourself a new normal.’ What did Dr. Brightman know, anyway? She didn’t lose five years of her life to a galactic war criminal.She leaned against the small island, pulling her phone from the back pocket of her jeans. She skimmed through some recipes she had added to her latest Pinterest board (aptly titled  Recipes Any Kitchen Idiot Can Manage ) and narrowed her eyes to the small stack of produce on her counter. She had picked up a small package of corn tortillas and she knew she had a few chicken breasts in her freezer. She could probably manage chicken tacos. That seemed reasonable enough.She moved around and started to collect what she needed. Above the stove was a hanging rack of pans and pots, then a modest spice rack (though she still hadn’t dared cook anything with the small jar of smoked paprika). The counter ran from beside her stove, took a hard corner and the L shape ended with a sink, nestled beside her fridge. Her apartment wasn’t perfect by any means.She was lucky to find a half decent place  After Blip  (AB). It took only a few weeks after everything and she was grateful her sister had helped her fill out 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
eventual poly - Freeform
Slow Burn
Eventual Romance
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Post-Endgame
Close to Canon
canon-divergent-esque
steve came back
Attempted Sexual Assault
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Past Sexual Assault
Protective Bucky Barnes
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Dom/sub Undertones
Light Dom/sub
Smut lite
Polyamory

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

