Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 Chapter 1 
 Agent Grant Ward slipped off his sunglasses as he entered the atrium of the Triskelion, the massive S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters located in Washington, D.C. Being called back to D.C. had been unexpected since he’d been preparing for a mission in the Middle East. While no details were provided over the phone, Agent Phillip Coulson had said there was a change of plan and advised him to report to headquarters immediately. Swiping his security badge quickly, he took the elevator up to the 20th floor, not surprised to see Coulson waiting for him. “Sir.” Ward nodded in greeting and shook his hand. “Agent Ward. Thanks for coming so quickly.” Coulson tilted his head, indicating Ward should follow him down the hall to his office.  Coulson closed the door behind them and took a seat behind his desk. “As you’ve probably guessed, you can scrap your mission for the Middle East. We need you on something else.” Ward nodded. “Okay.” “This will be a… unique situation for you,” Coulson continued. “Unique, sir?” “You won’t be working alone on this one,” the older man explained. “I’m going to have a partner?” That was definitely unique. As a specialist, Ward was accustomed to working alone. It was how he worked best. “Yes, and an untrained one at that.” Coulson’s tone was faintly apologetic. “Are you familiar with Quinn Worldwide?” “Yes, sir. Ian Quinn is the CEO – he’s a billionaire and a philanthropist, and his company is known for technological advances. I wasn’t aware he was under scrutiny by S.H.I.E.L.D.” “Billionaires working on technological advances are always under scrutiny. One of our computer science analysts was assigned to track him, and we believe he may have found a store of a very rare element called Gravitonium. Its existence was theorized years ago by Dr. Franklin Hall, but it’s never been proven despite Quinn’s relentless mining around the world. If he really did find it this time, we need to know.” “I’m guessing Gravitonium is dangerous?” He’d never heard of it before, but that was to be expected with a lot of the things the agency dealt with. Half of his assignments read like science fiction. “Theoretically, it could be used to affect gravitational fields. Dr. Hall designed a device he called a gravity field generator which he believed would be able to harness the element’s gravitational fields, though his theories have never been tested. Dr. Hall works at the academy now and is no longer associated with Quinn, but that wouldn’t stop Quinn from experimenting if he’s actually found his Holy Grail. And experimentation with something as dangerous as Gravitonium could have disastrous results.” Ward took a moment to process this information, wary now of where he suspected Coulson was heading. “Sir, when you say untrained partner – are you sending me in with a scientist?” He prayed to God he was wrong. Coulson shook his head. “No. You’ll be working with the computer science analyst who was originally assigned to digitally tail Quinn. She’s familiar with his movements and habits, and she has a surprising level of expertise in hacking. Her cover will be a new hire in the computer sciences department. We got lucky, actually. A former acquaintance of hers works for Quinn Worldwide and was able to arrange the Skype interview. Quinn loved her so the job is hers.” “A computer science analyst.” He felt the beginnings of a headache. “And my cover?” “Yourself,” Coulson told him. “Or at least the Grant Ward that officially exists for this assignment – a member of the Army’s elite Special Forces who has recently left the service in order to settle down with his new fiancée. Your story will be that you’re looking for work in the private sector. A job at Quinn Worldwide would be ideal, so see if you can work that angle.” His partner was a woman who probably stayed glued to her computers so often she rarely saw daylight and she was not trained for field work of any kind. And since they’d be living together, pretending to be engaged, he knew this had the potential to be a long term operation. This was literally his idea of Hell. Coulson seemed to sense his reservations. “I realize this isn’t your kind of mission, Ward, but the agent we initially had in play was recently injured on an op, and we can’t send her in alone.” Ward nodded, suppressing a sigh. It wasn’t his place to question orders or assignments. Ask him to infiltrate the KGB or drop him into the middle of a live fire fight, and he felt right at home. This assignment would likely test him and his abilities in new and unexpected ways. His partner was essentially a variable; something he’d been trained to eliminate, not cohabitate with. “How soon do we report?” “You have a week,” Coulson replied. “You’ll travel to California next Friday and move into your new home over the weekend. It’s a small starter home in a nice, family friendly neighborhood a short drive away from the coast. Who knows? Maybe sunny Cali will agree with you.” So
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Skye/Grant Ward
Skye & Grant Ward

freeform: 
Universe Alteration
Canon Divergence - No Hydra Takeover
Drama
Humor
Romance
Ward is out of his depth
fake engagement
Undercover Assignment
Sexual Content

fandom: 
Skye/Grant Ward
Skye & Grant Ward

