Chapter 1: Toys
    


Summary:

Sex in a SHIELD facility restroom.





Chapter Text
Bucky's sweating inside his suit.A drop of moisture slides torturously slow along his hairline, leaving a wet trail along his temple before gravity pulls it down to land on the spotless glass conference table. He grits his teeth silently and moves one white-knuckled fist minutely to wipe it away, ignoring Natasha's curious glance.The room is not hot. In fact, none of the other seven or so Avengers are sweating in their uniforms.Just Bucky."We infiltrated the Hydra headquarters through these three points, here, here and here." He can barely hear Captain America's voice as he gives the post-mission debriefing to Nick Fury and the others. Another drop of sweat lands on his clenched fist, pooling in the groove between his knuckles."Bucky." He's vaguely aware of a voice calling out his name. Bucky looks up to see everyone staring expectantly at him, Steve's blue eyes also. He swallows past the hot lump in his throat, fights down the moan about to surface and clears his throat."Buck, what was the name of the town where we set up the checkpoint again?" Steve prompts him innocently.Bucky tightens his flesh fist, feeling his nails dig into the flesh of his palm. Steve knows fully well what the name of the town is. He just wants to torture him.He says the name of the town in steady clipped words, voice quiet and head lowered, long tangled brown hair blocking his eyes."Thanks, Buck." Steve says, sounding outwardly grateful, but Bucky sees him reach casually into his pocket with one hand while the other points to another spot on the map. Bucky's body seizes in his seat, the not-so-small vibrator seated deep within his ass now vibrating a notch faster than before.He forgets how to breath, trying his hardest to keep his struggle internal. There's an ugly red blush crawling up his neck, thankfully concealed beneath his high collar. He can taste the bitter tang of blood in his mouth.There's a loud crunch of glass shattering and the team turn as one to see a huge angry spiderweb of cracks spread from where Bucky's synthetic hand is gripping the edge hard enough to shatter the thick enforced glass surface of the meeting table."Holy shit. You okay, Barnes?" Clint pulls up his purple-tinted shades with wide eyes.He forces his head up and down in a jerky nod, keeping his eyes firmly downcast while his brain tries to order his hand to let go. The mechanical limb whirls and shifts, restless and desperate like its master."It's probably a small malfunction. I'll check it out after this." Stark raises his eyes from his StarkPhone for a brief assessing glance and says reassuringly. Natasha doesn't look convinced, but they all go back to listening to Steve, who's got a small smirk on his face now. The asshole.He keeps his shoulders hunched and eyes downcast the entire meeting, not a single word of Steve's little speech passing through his sex-muddled brain. The vibrator is digging into his overstimulated prostate, sending sparks of pleasure shooting up his spine and causing the pressure in his balls to build up to unbearable levels. Steve's got him strapped down like a little whore, thick leather buckles sliding along his inner thighs, securing the vibrator in place and wrapping a tight painful ring around the base of his dick, preventing him from creaming his pants over and over again from the mounting stimulation.Bucky's sure Steve's super soldier senses can pick up the soft whirl of the vibration inside him, invisible to the rest of the team, but sending tremors up Bucky's spine with every tiny motion.When Steve reaches for the hidden remote inside his pocket again, Bucky gives up all pretenses of being okay anymore, shooting up from his seat next to Bruce and making the scientist jump in surprise."Restroom." He manages to say past clenched teeth, fighting the urge to palm his aching groin. Steve runs his dark blue eyes down his body, lingering on the spot between his legs."Sure, Buck. We're almost done." He says with a smile.He's staggering like a drunken sailor, but Bucky is past caring now. He just needs to reach the restroom before Steve cranks up the vibrations again.The restroom is empty, thank God. He barely manages to stagger inside before his shaky legs give out and the fearsome Winter Soldier slides to the ground with a broken moan muffled behind his fist. He all but rips open his fly, weak unsteady fingers pawing at the restraints. He needs to come. The pressure is starting to drive him insane.His cock is flushed dark red, drooling uncontrollably at the tip as it springs free of the painful confines of his heavy uniform pants. He wraps the human hand around his straining dick and tries to relieve some of the pressure. Bucky lets out a pained desperate sob when it doesn't really give him any relief. It feels like he's about to wet himself any minute now, pleasure bordering pain. He's considering going against Steve's wishes and snapping t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Prostate Milking
Vibrators
Steve Has Issues
Dirty Talk
Blow Jobs
Steve convinces Bucky to do crazy stuff
With the power of his smile
Orgasm Delay/Denial
5+1 Things
Praise Kink
Possessive Steve
Phone Sex
Crossdressing
World War II
USO showgirl dress
中文翻译 | Translation in Chinese
Period-Typical Homophobia
Light BDSM
Beards (Facial Hair)
Coming Out
Steve Rogers the internet troll
Non-Linear Narrative
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

