Chapter 1: Night Visitor
    




Chapter Text
The first time Hiro saw his fathers' hard cocks, he woke in the middle of the night to strange sounds coming from their room.  He was 11 years old.Jack was lying on his back, naked.  His dick was thick and straight, pointing at the air.  Hiro watched from the cracked door, captivated by the sight.  It was so thick and powerful.  It had never looked that way before, when they bathed together.  Like this, it made him sweat.His other dad was doing something very strange.  Hiccup straddled Jack's face, rocking his hips back and forth.  Daddy Jack's mouth was between Papa Hiccup's buns, and he was making slurping sounds.  Hiccup's dick was big and fat, too.  Flipping away from his belly, then slapping back against it as his hips swayed.While Hiro watched them, his pee pee got stiff, too.  Longer, but not massive and fascinating like his dads'.  But it fit in his soft little palm as he slipped his hands into his pajamas and touched himself.  It felt so good, when he rubbed himself and watched his father kiss his other father between the legs.Hiccup was moaning, whispering Jack's name.  He touched his cock too, and Hiro watched closely.  Mimicking his father's motions as his fingertips grazed around the plump head, then closed around his shaft and slipped down the skin.  Hiro did the same, shuddering.  His little toes curled in the carpet.Suddenly, Hiccup opened his eyes and he saw Hiro standing there.  The boy froze in fear, ready to bolt.  But after a moment, his father just smiled warmly and winked at him.  Then he bent at the waist, and brought his lips to Jack's dick.  First he licked the tip, and Hiro's heart started beating hard.  He swallowed, his mouth gone dry, as he watched his dad take his other dad past his lips and all the way down.Daddy Jack started groaning, and saying Papa Hiccup's name now.  He wasn't kissing Hiccup's butt any more, now he was doing something with his hands.  Hiccup pushed back against him, arching his back.  Sucking his other daddy's dick harder.  His eyes never left Hiro's.Suddenly Hiccup came off Jack's dick, and it looked even more alluring, all wet and shining.  Hiro's throat worked, and he reflexively put his thumb in his mouth and started sucking.  Working up saliva, swallowing and lubricating his dry throat.  A tiny groan escaped him but Hiccup's panting, as he pushed back against Jack's hand, masked it.Then Hiccup looked over his shoulder and said "I'm ready", and his other daddy's hand moved to his sloppy, wet cock.  He held it around the white-haired root, and pointed it steady as his other daddy moved over it, and sat down right on top of it.  It disappeared up his butt, and Hiro's eyes widened in amazement.  He felt something like fear, but his little pecker throbbed in his hand.Hiro's papa rode his other daddy, bouncing in his lap.  Jack held Hiccup's hips and pushed himself up on the pillows.  With this change in position, Jack was able to see the doorway and he spotted his son.  He paused for a moment, then pulled his husband's hips back down on to him and resumed fucking.  When Hiccup got his rhythm back, Jack held out his hand and beckoned to their son."Hey kiddo.  Want to come over here?"Jack encouraged little Hiro to clamber up onto the bed.  The boy watched his daddy's dick slip in and out of his papa's butt, and his papa's big hard dick bounce and wave with his motions.  Hiro licked his lips.  Hiccup smiled and settled back onto Jack's hips, burying him deep and sitting still long enough to curl his fingers around the base of his own dick, and invite Hiro to come closer.  "Hiro, would you like to taste your papa?"The little boy nodded, and crawled closer.  His lips opened, and he smeared his mouth on the big soft head.  Precum smudged his lips, and he licked.  It was sweet.  He licked again, and closed his lips around the head.  His tongue pushed at the slit, and his papa sighed and called him a good boy.Hiccup cupped his boy's face with both hands gently, and started to rock again.  Pushing back against Jack, burying his cock deep.  Then gliding forward, Jack's head slipping past his prostate and Hiccup's cock driving into his son's mouth, making the boy gag and moan.  Then back again.  Hiro did his best for his papa, slurping with his tongue and swallowing.  His cheeks massaged Hiccup's cock."Something's going to come out, baby," Papa warned Hiro, and the boy made helpless little noises of eagerness.  His little dick throbbed, untouched.  He felt like such a big boy, worshipping papa's superior cock.  Sucking it, trying to impress him.  He reached under and felt his daddy Jack's balls, and wrapped his little fist around Jack's dick.  Hiccup's butt ground down on Hiro's fist, and he turned his hand to feel the puffy lips of his papa's hole sucking at daddy's dick, while Hiro sucked at papa's dick.  He felt one man's mighty pulse in his hand and the4 other man's pulse in his mouth, and he knew the strength of man
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III/Jack Frost (Rise of the Guardians)
Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III/Hiro Hamada
Hiro Hamada/Jack Frost (Rise of the Guardians)
Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III/Hiro Hamada/Jack Frost (Rise of the Guardians)

freeform: 
Pederasty
Pedophilia
Adolescent Sexuality
Age Difference
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Adopted Children
Underage Sex
Sexual Experimentation
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Casual Sex
Daddy Kink
Father/Son Incest
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
Size Difference
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Rimming
Come Swallowing
Come as Lube
Creampie
Threesome
Dom/sub
Hurts So Good
Dubious Consent
Kissing
Loss of Virginity
First Time
Desire
Cock Worship
Large Cock
Infantilism
Fucked Silly
Masturbation
Sex Toys
Sex Doll
Caught
Horny Teenagers
Smut
Shameless Smut
Self-Indulgent
Cheesy
Out of Character
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
what do you call it when
one person tells two others to have sex
And how
and even controls their motions manually?
that's in here

fandom: 
Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III/Jack Frost (Rise of the Guardians)
Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III/Hiro Hamada
Hiro Hamada/Jack Frost (Rise of the Guardians)
Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III/Hiro Hamada/Jack Frost (Rise of the Guardians)

