Chapter 1: fucking off to russia
    




Chapter Text
TOSKA: “No single word in English renders all the shades of toska. At its deepest and most painful, it is a sensation of great spiritual anguish, often without any specific cause. At less morbid levels it is a dull ache of the soul, a longing with nothing to long for, a sick pining, a vague restlessness, mental throes, yearning. In particular cases it may be the desire for somebody or something specific, nostalgia, love-sickness. At the lowest level it grades into ennui, boredom.”— Vladimir Nabokov   When Peter wakes up the next morning, he forgets for a minute. On instinct his hand stretches to the right side of the bed but only feels the soft cotton sheets. No body.  No MJ.  His breath catches in his throat and he sits up slowly, rubbing the sleep from his eyes before he rests his elbows on his knees. He feels heavy and dehydrated and empty, like he could stare at the door to his old bedroom all day and it wouldn’t matter. Time doesn’t exist anymore. He’s a compass with no direction.  
I want you to go and I don’t think you should come back.
 He’d read in one of his psych classes that the Kübler-Ross model of grief doesn’t just apply to losing a loved one: it’s any loss, anything worthy of mourning. Getting fired from your job, losing your house, breaking up with someone.  Peter is pretty sure he’s in denial. All he can think about is going back home and apologising because he can’t just accept that it’s over. Not after this long, not when she’s the reason he gets up out of bed in the morning.  Still, he finds the strength to slide out of the sheets. Peter takes a quick, cold shower, and throws on his usual work clothing: slacks and a button down. Thank God he keeps a few outfits here just in case. It’s how his life has been ever since the Snap was reversed; kind of scattered everywhere across New York. He’s got three toothbrushes to his name and can’t keep track of his shoes these days.  Peter is still working his shirt on when smell of something burning brings him to the kitchen.  He stumbles out to find that May’s already climbed onto the counter and she’s fanning at the sensor with a newspaper. Peter grabs a magazine and does the same with the one in the hall until it stops.  “Morning,” May says breathlessly. She’s got flour on her forehead and the counters are covered in various powders and bits of batter. “I made breakfast.” Peter inspects the pile of mostly burnt, slightly edible pancakes. He smiles and kisses her cheek. “Thank you.” Pleased with his response, May slips down and grabs him a plate. They end up sharing one, working around the charred parts. It’s like ninety percent syrup and thank god for the chocolate chips she’d sprinkled in.  “So how are you holding up?” Peter shrugs. There’s not one particle in his body that wants to discuss this right now. He just wants to go to SI and drown himself in paperwork or a new project or something.  But May says, “Don’t do that.” “Do what?” “You know what,” she pokes his ribs, “don’t shut down on me, baby, I hate it.” “And yet it’s sort of my brand.” Her lip twitches. “You just had a huge fight with your long-term girlfriend. There must be something going on up here.” Peter ducks so she can’t knock on his forehead. He starts clearing the plates and wiping up. “We didn’t have a fight, we broke up.” “Yeah, the same thing happened with Mary and Richard once, and the next thing they knew they were having you. And married.” “Yeah?” he asks, kind of shortly.  May sighs. “Peter… I know we haven’t gotten the chance to actually talk about your mother—” He interrupts her before she can keep going. “That’s okay, we don’t have to.” “Peter—”  “I just really don’t want you to have to rehash all of that—” “No, but I need to,” she tells him firmly, sliding off the stool and grabbing his hand. “I knew her, you know? She was one of my best friends. She was my sister and I—I had this complete bomb dropped on me and now everything is… it’s all muddled and confusing and I just… I can’t be alone in that. I know I can’t.” “You’re not.” “Right, so—so talk to me. Please? What are you feeling?” “I honestly don’t know. I mean it’s… it’s hard to concentrate on something like that with everything else going on so I just… I don’t think about it, you know?” May brushes his hair out of his eyes. “Well I’ve been thinking about it. A lot.” “Really?” “Really. I still don’t know what to make of her being an internationally acclaimed terrorist, or whatever, but I remember her.” Peter hums, collecting a handful of crumbs from the counter. “I don’t.” “You’re shutting down again.” “I am not.” “Peter,” May says, serious now, “I need you to know that she loved you. I know that she loved you. She never would have left you if she’d had the choice to stay.”  “I know that. I’m not angry at her.” “Yes you are.” “No—” “Peter Parker, I don’t care how long I was dead for, I will always be able to read you like a book and you are pissed off.” His s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
The Gang’s All Here - Freeform
Lots of drinking
pining! yearning! aching!
family bonding times
peter parker giving natasha romanoff the silent treatment for six months straight
tw: violence/torture/character death/mental & physical trauma

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

