Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Right, left. Right, left. Right, left. Right left right left right left right left –Steve caught his breath, the tender flesh on his knuckles throbbing for a split second before his accelerated healing kicked in and soothed the pain. He flexed his hands anyway, working out the stiffness as he stared at the still swaying punching bag. When he’d first woken up in this century, none of the exercise equipment had been strong enough to withstand his strength.Tony had fixed that because that was what Tony did. Now, Steve could punch this reinforced bag with all his strength, and nothing would happen. He couldn’t decide if that was a good thing or not right now. On the one hand, it was nice to not have to replace the bags all the time. But on the other hand, destroying something would have felt really good right now. He sighed and unwrapped his knuckles, the pleasant burn in his muscles already fading as he walked over to the treadmill. What he really would have liked to have done was go for a run, but it was pouring rain outside: clouds had rolled in a few hours earlier, chasing away the sun. Besides, running by himself just wasn’t the same. He missed the way that Sam and Natasha used to run with him, and the easy camaraderie that he had always taken for granted.So far as he knew, Natasha was still in the wind. No one, not even Laura or Clint, had heard from her since the day she left the compound. Steve climbed on the treadmill and started an easy jog, wondering if maybe Natasha had had the right idea. Leaving everything behind sure sounded tempting right about now. He had no idea where Natasha had ended up, but it had to be less stressful than where they were right now.Except… Steve made a face as he upped his pace slightly. He didn’t think he could do that. No matter where he was or what disguise he was using, he would always be Captain America and he wouldn’t be able to resist the urge to step up if the world needed him. People like Natasha and Clint didn’t have that problem; they were spies, used to working behind the scenes or taking a backseat until they felt it was their time to strike. That kind of attitude didn’t sit well with Steve, who much preferred getting out in front of a problem and meeting it head-on.So no, he couldn’t have left even if Natasha had issued him an invitation to come along. And of course, that was a moot point because she hadn’t. Neither had Rhodes. Neither had Sam. Neither had Laura. Neither had Coulson. Steve set his jaw and breathed out slowly, trying to run through the sting of being left behind. Not that he had expected Rhodes to do that, considering how mad Rhodes had been, and Laura and Coulson both had their own issues to deal with, but Sam –Steve forcibly wrenched his mind away from thoughts of his team, now scattered in the wind, and upped the pace until the treadmill couldn’t go any faster. He lowered his head and focused on nothing other than running, how it felt to have his feet pound against the equipment and the sweat beading up on his forehead and each breath he gulped in, until the burn went from pleasant to painful.At last, chest heaving, he stopped the machine when it registered that he’d run over ten miles. His legs felt a little weak as he stepped down and grabbed a towel, mopping at his face. That’s when he realized that his phone was ringing. Steve actually paused for a moment, wondering who would be calling, until he thought that maybe it could be Tony or Bucky. He grabbed his phone.“Hello?” he said breathlessly.“Steve?” a familiar voice said uncertainly.“Sam?” Steve said, dumbfounded. Out of all the people who could have been on the other end of that line, Sam was the last person he was expecting.“Yeah, it’s me. You sound weird,” Sam said.“I was just jogging,” Steve said, mopping at his face with the towel. At any other time, he might’ve made a quip about how of course Sam wasn’t acquainted with his voice when he was out of breath because he’d usually left Sam in the dust by that point. But he didn’t. “Ah, I see,” Sam said quietly. “How, uh, how is everything?”“It’s…” Steve trailed off, wondering how to best answer that. Wondering if Sam deserved a straight answer, or if it would be better to do what Tony would have done and feed Sam some general platitudes. Did Sam deserve to know when he’d left just like everyone else?“That bad?” Sam asked.Steve closed his eyes, realizing that he couldn’t find it in himself to lie to Sam. “Yeah, it’s pretty bad. Natasha’s still in the wind, Tony’s pissed at me, I haven’t seen Bucky in ages, and I’m pretty sure Laura and Clint are getting a divorce. I don’t even know where Clint is right now.” Even though he’d promised Laura he would look after Clint in her stead. Steve pushed that thought away.“That’s pretty bad, though I can’t say I’m surprised by the fact that Clint and Laura are getting a divorce,” Sam said carefully. “Clint must be taking that pretty hard.”“I think so,” Steve said, rather th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
talk of brainwashing
Talk of Mind Control
Psychological issues
not wanda maximoff friendly
very wanda maximoff critical
so do not read if you like wanda maximoff
Character Redemption
steve rogers doesn't always make good choices
Clint Barton Has Issues
Clint Barton Has PTSD
Tony Stark Feels
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
sharon carter as an avenger
hope van dyne as an avenger
scott lang as an avenger
tony stark is just so tired
steve rogers tries too hard
sam wilson is doing the smart thing and taking astep back
wanda maximoff is a sociopath
Angst and Feels
tony stark surrounds himself with good people
Protective Phil Coulson
Protective Bucky Barnes
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

