Work Text:

Hot. Wet. Oh, fuck.
Wade groaned as his hips involuntarily thrust up, blinking awake on a gasp as his aborted thrusts were held down by hands he knew all too well. “Petey-pie? What-” Wade’s sleep-rough voice cut off into a moan as Peter sucked on the tip of his cock, swirling his tongue around the head and pressing hard against the slit, lapping away the drops of precum he leaked. Wade tried to lift his head up, but flopped back down when Peter moved down to his balls and lavished them with small kitten licks. “Holy fuck.”Peter pulled off with a wet pop, soon followed by the slick sounds of the smug omega dragging his wet palm up and down Wade’s cock. He could smell that it wasn’t lube Peter was using to jerk him off, but rather his own slick. Wade gathered himself enough to weakly look down his body, taking in the languid way Peter was pumping his cock. There was a smirk on his lips and precum in the corner of his mouth. His pink, sinful tongue darted out to lick the cum away, as if he was waiting until Wade’s eyes were on him to show him what a good, thirsty omega he was. “You wouldn’t wake up and I needed my alpha,” Peter pouted as he gracefully crawled up Wade’s body, meeting his slack mouth with a tongue that tasted of his own cock. Peter nibbled on his bottom lip before sitting up, the lithe body weighing barely anything against his broad chest. The omega had his knees on either side of him, and Wade took the opportunity to put his hands on those hips, moving them down until he could squeeze and spread Peter’s cheeks enough to tease his hole. “You’re so wet for me,” Wade growled, pressing one, then two fingers into that slick-warm hole. He wished he could see it, could watch as his sweet omega opened up for him as if his only purpose was to swallow Wade’s fingers and cock. To take everything he gave him. “This is one hell of a way to wake me up, but I’m not complaining.”Peter huffed, both hands on Wade’s chest to steady himself as he rolled his hips, riding Wade’s fingers with a low whine. “Ah.” A moan broke out of him when Wade bent his fingers, now three deep, and pressed against his prostate. “I was wet and my hole felt so empty.” Peter fluttered his eyelashes at Wade, knowing the alpha was weak to his pleading looks. “Won’t you take care of me, alpha?” Wade bared his teeth, eager to sink into the willing omega and take what was his, but when he tried to sit up, he was held down with a single hand. Peter may be pint-sized compared to Wade’s bulky frame, but he wasn’t afraid to use his super strength when it benefited him. He was using that to his full advantage now, and it was almost too much for Wade to handle.“Nope.” Peter grinned, grabbing Wade’s wrists and pinning them above his head. “You made me wait, so now I’ll take what I want from you.” His omega looked absolutely devious, and Wade felt a growl threatening to tear out of his throat, his alpha side fighting against giving up any control to his omega. But they’d played like this before, and Wade knew that the benefits far outweighed whatever his dumb instincts said. He met Peter’s expectant eyes as the omega let his wrists go. Wade obediently wrapped his hands around the bars on their headboard, arching his body in a way that showed off his muscles, stretched taut and all Peter’s. His omega certainly appreciated the show, and he trailed his hand down Wade’s scarred body, thumbing at his nipples as he went. “Good alpha,” Peter purred, leaning down to nuzzle at his neck and suck a painful-looking bruise into his skin. The mark would only last for a few seconds before disappearing, but his possessive omega tried his best to mark him up regardless. Peter slid back down until he could position his hole, dripping with slick, right above Wade’s cock. Despite his supposed impatience, he didn’t put it in immediately; instead, he gleefully pressed Wade’s cock between his cheeks and rocked back and forth, sliding against Wade’s length. Wade clenched and unclenched his hands on the bars, eyes caught on the sight Peter made. The omega was much smaller than him, and it made him feel filthy, turned on by the way that his cock could barely fit in the space between his omega’s plump asscheeks. The difference in the size of their cocks also made for a stunning image, his omega’s little cock barely comparable to Wade’s length and thickness. Peter seemed to love this position, panting as he rubbed against Wade’s cock, both hands up and pinching at his own nipples with a moan. His head was thrown back and mouth slack with pleasure as he found just enough friction to drive Wade wild. He could feel his omega leaking all over him, rubbing it in and letting the tip of Wade’s cock catch on his rim, teasing him where he was tight and warm.“You’re such a good alpha for me,” Peter sighed, wrapping his hands around their lengths. He was able to completely cover his cock, but could barely wrap his fingers around Wade’s. It didn’t deter him from slicking up his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter Parker
Dom/sub
Dom Peter Parker
Sub Wade Wilson
Topping from the Bottom
Alpha Wade Wilson
Riding
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
Edging
Service Top
Service Top Wade Wilson
belly bulge
Size Kink
Size Difference
Size Queen Peter Parker
Knotting
Come Inflation
slight somnophilia in the beginning (very brief)
Dirty Talk
Praise Kink
Breeding Kink
Strength Kink
Felching
Wade eats out the come from Peter's ass
Blow Jobs
Knot-Fucking
Begging
Omega Slick as lube
Come Eating
Possessive Peter Parker
Safe Sane and Consensual
sinful like woah
Teasing
Omega Peter Parker
Dom/sub Undertones
Light Dom/sub
Established Relationship
Canon verse but with a/b/o

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

