Chapter 1: Meet and Greet
    




Chapter Text
If Tony knew ten years ago that he would be walking into a secluded part of Central Park, holding onto his five year old son’s hand, with the intention of meeting his father, he wouldn’t have believed it. But here he was, forcing one foot in front of the other, his little boy entirely oblivious to his internal plight, of course. Peter was wide eyed and excitement was clear on his face as they walked, his favorite toy motorcycle clutched tightly in the hand that wasn’t attached to Tony’s.Tony knew this could happen one day, that his child would eventually start asking questions. It was only natural. Tony had just hoped it would wait a few more years, or that maybe Peter would be okay not knowing, not reaching out to his father (after all, Tony had raised him, wasn’t that enough?) but shortly after starting kindergarten, Peter came home, little face extremely serious, and asked “Why don’t I have a daddy?” and Tony couldn’t leave the question unanswered.Explaining in vitro fertilization to a five year old was hard enough, but explaining the reason behind Tony’s decision was harder. It was a little early to dive into a rant about the inherent misogyny in society, and the struggles Tony faced his entire life as an Omega and the CEO of a billion-dollar company, one he’d inherited from his Alpha father, and taken the time and effort over the years to transform from a weapons manufacturer to something much more useful. He struggled, had to fight to stay at the top where he belonged, suffered the sneers and rumors, the constant down-talking, the insistence he wasn’t fit to run his own company, as if he were somehow lesser because of his gender. Well. Tony Stark was a genius, and a hell of a businessman, and he wasn’t going to let anything stop him.Settling into the role of a family rearing Omega never crossed his mind, not until his late thirties, when his company was firmly in his own hands and functioning as he intended. Even then, he made no effort to find a mate, didn’t want to go through the trials and tribulations of finding someone who didn’t want his money, who loved him for him, and shared the same life views. He was too busy for it, and kind of impatient honestly, wanted to have a child sooner rather than later, and why should he need a partner anyway? Tony was capable of loving and caring for his child entirely on his own. Besides, he had his friends, who supported him through thick and thin. He didn’t need anyone else.He hadn’t even picked the sperm donor himself, it was that irrelevant to him. He had JARVIS pick one from the batch of profiles sent by the agency, simply told the AI, “You know what I like,” and that was that. He didn’t want to know, didn’t want to get attached to some stranger, didn’t want to think of his future child as the stranger’s. No. It would be Tony’s, and Tony’s alone, or so he thought, until his little boy decided otherwise.Tony couldn’t hold the curiosity against Peter though. It was only natural that when he started to make friends, started to look around other families, he wondered why their family unit was different, why it consisted of just him and Tony, and Tony’s friends, affectionately dubbed aunts and uncles. In the end, Tony told him that he’d never fallen in love, but he’d wanted Peter so badly, so he took the steps to get him.Peter had been surprisingly understand about the whole thing, but he couldn’t help but wonder about his father, who neither of them had ever met. He couldn’t help but think that maybe if his mommy and daddy met, that they would fall in love, and it would be the three of them, that they would be like the other families. He really liked that idea. He loved his momma, more than anything, but thought he was sad sometimes, with just Peter. He wanted them both to meet his dad, imagined him kind and strong and cool, someone who would make them both happy, and he told Tony as much when he asked to meet him.Tony had never been able to deny Peter anything. He loved to dote on his son, gave the little boy anything and everything he could, including his time, money, and most importantly, his love. It wasn’t too hard to put his own trepidations aside, and to concede to his baby’s wish.“Okay,” he’d said, pulling Peter into his lap, pressing a kiss to his dark curls. “We’ll meet your daddy.”Peter’s daddy was a man named Steve Rogers, the records stated. He was born and raised in Brookyln, still resided there, had a clear criminal record excepting one instance of Civil Disobedience in the form of a brawl that happened at a Reproductive Rights March three years ago. He had an MFA from Pratt Institute, and had no living relatives. Steve was younger than Tony, 35 to Tony’s 43, and unmarried, which made things a little easier. Tony had been hesitant to reach out, wasn’t sure exactly how to approach the subject. Tony wasn’t sure why Steve had donated sperm in the first place, what possessed him to throw his genes out to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily
Omegaverse
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
In Vitro Fertilization
sperm donor steve
steve is peter's father
Meeting for the first time
Getting Together
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Kid Peter Parker
Kid Fic
Fluff
Cute
Artist Steve Rogers
Mpreg
Implied Mpreg
Bottom Tony Stark
power bottom tony
Interrupted Sex
Parenthood
omega breasts
Knotting
Barebacking
Breeding
Size Difference
Come Inflation
CEO Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - No Powers
the avengers don't exist
tony is a regular businessman
Mom Tony Stark
Fingering
Body Worship
sensitive breasts
Couch Sex
Pregnant Sex
Intersex Tony
Intersex
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

