Chapter 1: The List
    




Chapter Text
“Do  you  think  he’d  do  it?”  You  asked  Sam,  having  just  worked  up  the  courage  after  months  of  thinking,  pondering  and  wondering.  You  still  couldn’t  quite  believe  you’d  said  the  words  out  loud.  You  couldn’t  believe  you’d  finally  asked.  You  felt  both  sick  to  your  stomach  and  like  a  weight  had  lifted  off  your  shoulders.  “I  don’t  want  to  make  things  weird.”
Both  of  you  sat  side  by  side,  eating  doughnuts  from  a  box,  watching  Bucky  run  around  the  track  at  a  downright  inhuman  rate  of  speed.
It  was  exhausting.
It  was  chilly  out  too.
Sam  was  all  bundled  up.
You  didn’t  need  to  be  but  you  were,  to  keep  up  appearances.
Keeping  up  the  illusion  of  normalcy  was  what  led  to  your  confession  to  Sam,  on  that  frigid  February  morning.
Sam  pursed  his  lips  to  the  side  and  sighed.
Sam  knew  for  a  fact  Bucky  would  do  it.  Bucky  would  do  anything  for  you.  You  were  all  Bucky  talked  about,  thought  about  and  even  dreamt  about,  so  there  was  not  even  a  bit  of  doubt.
Still,  you  were  his  friend  too.
You  were  an  Omega.  Even  though  you  were  like  Bucky,  you  were  still  someone  he  felt  the  need  to  protect  and  look  after  as  an  Alpha.
“Omega…having  to  live  and  work  with  that  man,  I  can  say  with  absolute  certainty,  if  you  don’t  at  least  bring  it  up  to  him,  they’ll  be  no  dealing  with  him  anymore.  If  he  says  no,  then  you  know.  You  can  move  on  to  Thor.  He’s  your  number  two?  Right?”
Scrunching  your  nose,  you  nodded.
You  didn’t  want  Thor  though.
This  was  your  grand  exit  from  singlehood.  You  were  going  on  the  straight  and  narrow.  You  needed  to  start  a  new  chapter  in  your  life.  It  was  about  that  time  anyway.
Only  Sam  and  Bucky  knew  your  secret.
Only  the  two  Alphas,  the  two  Avengers,  knew  what  you  hid  from  the  world.
Natasha  may  have  suspected,  but  she  never  brought  it  up.
You  weren’t  like  other  females,  most  definitely  not  in  that  cute  spunky  Hallmark  movie  kind  of  way.
When  you  were  young,  you’d  been  sick,  very  sick,  terminally  sick.
Your  parents  had  taken  you  to  every  doctor.  
Your  parents  had  tried  everything.
Your  parents  were  desperate.
They’d  been  desperate  enough  to  try  something  experimental,  not  exactly  legal.  It  had  cured  you.  You  had  been  in  remission  since  the  drug  was  put  in  your  body.  The  serum  Bucky  called  it.  Whatever  it  was,  it  had  fixed  you  and  within  a  month.  You  were  putting  on  weight,  you  were  getting  color  back  and  then  after  a  few  months,  you  were  picking  up  the  couch  and  stove  so  your  mother  could  clean  under  it,  staying  up  all  night,  picking  up  languages.
Your  parents  noticed  when  you  weren’t  aging  like  other  children.  People  began  to  ask  questions.  When  men  in  suits  came  to  your  house  one  day,  your  parents  packed  up  the  car  and  were  gone  that  night.
You  just  wanted  a  normal  life.
You  wanted  a  home  and  a  family,  you  wanted  to  be  loved  and  cherished.  In  a  couple  years  you’d  age  out  of  where  you  lived  now,  your  job,  everything  and  would  need  to  move.  But  your  body  was  changing  again.  Suppressants  were  no  longer  working  any  more.  Now  was  the  time.  
You’d  found  a  nice,  polite,  harmless  Alpha  who  was  ready  to  settle  down  and  seemed  interested  in  you.  He  would  do  just  fine.  He’d  be  easy  to  convince  to  move  in  together  and  start  a  family.  He  was  mellow  enough,  you  had  no  doubt  when  you  told  him  the  truth  about  you,  that  he’d  accept  you,  understand  even.
But  there  was  a  problem.
Ok,  there  were  a  few  problems.
And  the  fact  that  you  didn’t  want  to  move,  didn’t  want  to  give  up  a  life  you  loved  and  friends  you  adored,  and  everything  you  had  wasn’t  one  of  them.  It  was  breaking  your  heart,  but  it  had  to  be  done.  People  were  starting  to  notice  and  ask  you  what  your  secret  was  to  staying  young.  You’d  been  with  the  Avengers  for  too  long.  You’d  made  the  move  from  Avenger’s  Tower  to  the  Compound  upstate.  And  you  really  really  didn’t  want  to  move.  But  you  really  really  didn’t  want  it  getting  out  what  you  were,  it  was  never  good.  People  got  hurt.  Bad  things  happened  when  your  secret  was  revealed.
Your  problem  was  threefold.
One,  you  were  a  virgin.
It  was  indeed  a  problem.  You  didn’t  want  to  be  a  virgin.  You  really  didn’t  want  to  have  this  be  such  an  issue.  However,  over  the  years,  when  the  occasion  came  up,  you’d  hurt  Alphas  and  Betas.  Femurs  had  been  shattered,  jaws  had  been  br
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Avengers Compound
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Reader
Smut
Shameless Smut
Loss of Virginity
Protective Bucky Barnes
Idiots in Love
Dirty Talk
Stalking
Canon-Typical Violence
Danger is afoot
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

