Chapter 1: I’ll Be Seeing You
    




Chapter Text
The black, velvety gala dress felt too tight, adding to your already growing discomfort.
You closed your eyes and breathed in. Steve's constant and heated gaze was still your first source of trouble. In the past, you would have been over the moon to receive such attention from your now-former best friend, the man you were hopelessly in love with for years. Now, however, it was just making you anxious and confused.
You did not understand why ever since he came back, Steve was devoting his silent attention to you, when you knew for a fact that he was looking forward to going back to the past once again.
You decided to hold his gaze for a few seconds, catching him ogling your dress. His gaze darkened, and you sighed while shaking your head. You were either seeing things or something was going on, and you did not know which one of the two was better.
Taking advantage of the small crowd gathering around him, you decided it was time for a change of air, and the garden of the Compound looked like a good idea. You stepped outside and started wandering among the trees and weeds, eventually stopping under a pergola.
You hated how your friendship soured, but you couldn't help your hostility towards him ever since he went and came back. And even more so, you hated how one-sided your sentiments seemed to be, now more than ever. Still, a nagging little voice in the back of your head told you that Steve felt something for you along the way, but was never able to let go of the life that could have been.
"You are missing out on a surprisingly great party," Steve said, your head snapping towards him. "They are playing your favourite right now, Vera Lynn." 
You huffed, taking a moment to admire how good he looked, dressed in an elegant black suit, golden hair slicked back, and a smooth jawline you once would have liked to run your hands over. "Aren't you supposed to go back already? The reason Fury called for your assistance has been taken care of." You grumbled.
Steve narrowed his eyes at you. "Are you that impatient to send me away?" He took a long step and closed the distance between your bodies. "I thought you wanted me here," he reasoned.
You exhaled. "I'd like to have my best friend back, but I can't have that, can't I?" You said as you crossed your arms over your chest.
His right hand went to your cheek, angling your face towards his own. "You know how much I care about you. But I can't give you what you want," he whispered, and you felt tears pricking your eyes. "You know that I need to live the life that I lost."
You closed your eyes, trying to hold back your tears. "You don't -"
The sudden alarm of the Compound went off, pulling you both away from the moment. 
"Stay here. Don't move," Steve ordered and then ran inside.
In a matter of seconds, you saw tear gas seeping out of the interior of the Compound. You started to feel dizzy as the fumes of the chemical weapon slowly invaded your lungs. You began to stumble back, suddenly falling towards the concrete ground. You tried to mitigate the fall with your hands and elbows, but it was useless. You cracked your head on the ground as you came into contact with the icy cold foundations, your dizziness making it impossible for you to keep your head up.
 
 
You had no idea how much time passed when you caught a whiff of the coppery smell of blood in the air and shifted uncomfortably.
"Ah, she's awake." 
You froze at the voice, one you had not heard in a long time. 
Opening your eyes, the first thing you saw was a metallic, silver armour with light blue repulsors.
But his face... it couldn't be. 
"Tony?" You breathed. "How are you here? Where's Steve? What's going on?"
He smirked at you, his eyes glowing light blue. "Oh, don't worry, my dear. Steven is coming, and everything is going to be alright." One of his hands touched your jawline. "Who do you think I am?" He asked you, and your brows furrowed. 
"You are Tony Stark, Iron Man," you answered.
He grinned at you. "My name's Anthony Stark, and everybody knows me as Superior Iron Man." 

 What? What the hell was going on? 

"You must be confused right now, but I promise you, soon, everything will make sense," he said, watching as your eyes widened. 

 Were you hallucinating? 

You had no idea what to think; this wasn't making any sense. You saw Tony die after saving the Universe, a year ago. 

 Had you inhaled some sort of weird hallucinogen? 

"Don't overwhelm her, Shellhead."

 Wait... 

"Steve?!" You squeaked, head snapping towards the unmistakable voice.
Blood splatters covered half of his face, and red droplets covered strands of his blond hair. The Captain's stealth suit was utterly black, save for some red seams.
 Weird, you thought.
When he crouched down next to your body, you started to realize that something was indeed wrong. His eyes were icier, and his gaze wild. You never saw such a savage look in his eyes, no matter how grim the situation was. 
You swallowed slo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers & Reader

freeform: 
Mindfuck
Reader-Insert
Angst and Feels
Doppelganger
Angst and Porn
Implied/Referenced Dubious Consent
Dark Romance
Comic Book Science
Explicit Sexual Content
Dubious Consent
References to Fringe (TV)
Porn With Plot
Interplanetary Travel
Steve Rogers Feels
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
post-Endgame AU
Mystery
Magic
twists and turns
not everything is as it seems
Counter-Earth
References to Awake (TV)
Possessive Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Mythology References
Feels
Emotions
Morally Grey Reader
Jealous Steve Rogers
Captain America x Reader x Captain Hydra
Alice in Wonderland References
Smut
Hydra Steve Rogers
Captain America Steve Rogers
glimpses of the Multiverse
references to Wandavision
WandaVision elements
Elements from the Comics
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Additional Warnings Apply
Chapter 23 is an Author's Note
On Hiatus

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers & Reader

