Work Text:
It takes Erik a good three hours to find the right pub, since Raven had simply said it was 'the one right by the college, you can't miss it!' (which were generally the most useless directions he'd ever received). The only thing that lets him know it's the right bar is the sound of Raven's laughter, echoing loud and happy throughout the room. Finding her is more difficult, considering there are plenty of laughing girls and she's not blue at the moment. He assumes he should be looking for a man with her, considering the point of the meeting is to try and recruit her (supposedly) extremely powerful mutant brother into the Brotherhood.He's almost nervous to meet the man he's heard so much about. Erik tries to take Raven's praise of her older brother with a grain of salt, but when she talks about how he'd saved her life and was the most powerful mutant she'd ever heard of, to the point that Raven was a little bit afraid of him at times, he couldn't help but anticipate great things. Raven has never seemed to be the kind to build someone up so much without a sliver of truth to the praise.At one table there is a brunette sitting with a tall smirking blond man, but neither of them are laughing, too deep in conversation. At the bar there's a redhead with another redhead, and he considers going over when he sees the woman's shoulders are shaking. That impulse stops quickly when he realizes she's actually crying.Raven's a blonde, it turns out, hunched on a table she's laughing so hard, a brown-haired man (in tweed) sitting next to her, also laughing. He feels like he shouldn't intrude - it's been three years since they'd seen each other, after all - but when Raven's head lifts she spots him and beams at him. "Erik!" she shouts, and there's no turning around from that. Particularly when she starts waving at him too, cheeks flushed. "Erik! Erik, over here! ERIK!"And that's when Erik realizes she is well and truly drunk. Probably both of them are. When he gets closer he can see the table is covered in shot glasses, a wine glass, and four empty pints, two half-empty glasses between the siblings."You must be Erik," her brother says, tilting slightly as he offers a hand that Erik shakes. "Charles Xavier. My sister has told me quite a bit about you."Raven nearly spits out the beer she'd been drinking, dissolving into laughter again."Don't pay attention to her, she's a bit drunk right now. I know, it must be shocking, she hides it so well," Charles says, and Erik can feel himself smiling, just a twitch of his lips. "Please, sit. I'll buy you something alcoholic and get you drunk too.""Thank you," Erik says, because he has no idea what else someone can say to that, and sits."Tell him your power, Charles," Raven says excitedly, poking her brother in the arm. "Tell him, it's great, you should come be one of us."This, Erik can navigate. "All I've really heard is that Raven thinks it's impressive," he adds."Raven used to think pogo sticks were impressive," Charles says dryly.Raven huffs at him. "Those are damn fine creations and you know it.""And she doesn't claim pogo sticks have saved her life," Erik says wryly.Charles rubs at his temple, sighing. "Alright, then." He gives Raven a sidelong glance, smiling, before turning to look at Erik again, squinting in concentration. "Think of a number."Raven laughs so hard she nearly falls out of her chair, and Charles is laughing too, grabbing her by the shoulder and whispering oh dear, your roots are showing and that just makes her laugh even harder. It's true, though - thankfully, nobody seems to have noticed Raven is now a strawberry blonde with amber eyes.Erik sighs. "Maybe we should talk in the morning instead." He can't fault them for enjoying their reunion, even if it seems a bit...excessive."That's usually my line," Charles says, smirking at him. "But you probably have a point. Much more and she won't be able to walk out of the bar.""I'm just fine," Raven protests, and beams at Erik. "Think of a number!"Erik rolls his eyes, but humors her. "Fine," he says, and thinks, 1349.Charles looks at him for a long, long moment, and for a second Erik thinks he can almost sense something inside his head, something quiet and deep and cautious.And then, triumphantly, Charles says, "Five."At that, Raven really does fall out of her chair.---"You are a very good boss," Raven says quietly in the morning, downing the aspirin he'd brought to the cafe for her and Charles. Her brother doesn't seem to be having any problems, aside from not removing his sunglasses when they came in. Charles had thanked him but passed the medicine on to Raven, since according to him her metabolism was fast enough that she needed double the medication for the same effect. It was news to Erik, and he was glad to know it."I'm impressed you managed to get her home before she shifted," Erik tells Charles dryly."Practice makes perfect," Charles says, smiling. "I'm more impressed you managed to find us, considering the d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Charles Xavier/Erik Lehnsherr

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Charles Xavier/Erik Lehnsherr

