Work Text:


I.
"Yondu," Peter tried again, when he was being herded somewhere, one of Yondu's hands tight in his collar and the other pressed hard against his lower back. "I think I have a fever or something.""You're an idiot," Yondu grit out in response, and didn't slow. Muzzily, Peter noted that they were going up through the life deck, to the ladder that led up to the crew decks, and he only reluctantly began to climb when Yondu growled at him and pushed him pointedly against the rungs. "No seriously," Peter panted, even as he somehow managed the concentration to climb. "I'm feeling hot and cold all at once, I'm sweating like a... like a... something sweating, I'm kinda dizzy and I'm not sure if maybe I'm infectious." "Either you're an idiot, or humans are idiots," Yondu muttered. "One more floor, kid.""That's not where my cabin is," Peter hesitated on the main crew deck, and started to climb again only when shoved."We're not going to your cabin."Puzzled, but still too dazed by the fever to get around to thinking about it, Peter obligingly kept climbing, and before he knew it they were in Yondu's cabin. Bigger than the rest, the Captain's cabin also had a viewport, which looked out into empty space, dotted here and there with stars. Normally, Peter would have plastered himself against the steelglass, but today, for some reason, Yondu's bunk just seemed really, really inviting. He was curled up on it and breathing deep before Yondu could say anything, and Yondu muttered something again, sitting down on the edge and pulling off Peter's boots, stowing them under the bunk. "So I don't have a fever?""No, what you do have is a terminal case of stupid." Yondu rolled his eyes. "What were you thinking, huh, walking through the life deck smelling like that? You're lucky that I was around to sort shit out." "Like what?" Peter asked, genuinely bewildered, but Yondu merely rolled his eyes again and started to get up. Peter didn't know where the impulse came from, but he reached out hastily, grabbing for Yondu's coat. The Ravager Captain frowned at him,  and embarrassed, Peter blushed. "I uh. I was looking for you." Usually, Peter's brain-to-mouth filter was (as Kraglin put it) terminally nonfunctional, but today it seemed even more terminal than usual. Yondu tilted his head. "Yeah? And why's that?" Something had changed in Yondu's gruff tone, but Peter couldn't quite pick it out. "I... well, uh." The fever was getting worse. And, to Peter's dull horror, he was also getting hard, lying on Yondu's bed, and he could feel a wetness between his thighs that had to be some sort of gross fever-induced thing. Ugh. Trust him to soil the thermal padding on Yondu's bed.On the other hand, Yondu was sitting down again, which was a good thing, Peter's fever-muddled brain told him. "Look, kid. I'm not so sure how human biology works, but most of the rest of us can sit through a heat fine if we're left alone. When you get over it, I'll have Kraglin talk to you about how to hole up without getting into trouble-" Puzzled, Peter interjected, "Well, um, if you take my temperature I can tell you whether there's something to be worried about.""You're not running a fever." "But I'm sick?""Nope." Yondu squinted at him. "Your mommy never told you about heats? You're a fuckin' omega. What, is it rare on Earth or somethin'?" "I have no idea what you're talking about," Peter said, absolutely mystified. "Uh huh," Yondu said, sounding absolutely unconvinced. "So why were you lookin' for me, then?""It just..." Peter waved a hand helplessly, "It just seemed right," he said awkwardly. "I felt like I had to look for you.""Uh huh. Why's that?""You, um, smell really good," Peter said dazedly, even as a small voice within him slapped itself on the forehead and told him to stop being such a creeper. "I probably shouldn't be lying on your bed. Something kinda gross is happening. Sorry." "Yeah, I can see that," Yondu's voice seemed to have dropped a whole register, and Peter shivered, curling his fingers into the padding with a low gasp. "Kid," Yondu added, "Look. This is ass over backwards. Us Zatoans, we don't do shit like this unless it's gonna be serious. And up until you showed up on the life deck smelling like... yeah, like what you did, I had no fuckin' idea that you were an omega.""A what? Am I in trouble?" Peter asked, in a small voice, because although usually Yondu's temper was mostly just a source of entertainment, today it just felt like it was going to be devastating. Somehow."Nope. We'll just chalk it down to you Earth people being more fucked up than I thought, and Kraglin'll have a talk with you later when you've calmed down some. Okay?" "I don't want you to go." Peter hated sounding needy, but he hated the idea of Yondu leaving even more. "C'mon. Please." Yondu shuddered. "Are you even listening to me?""Yes. No. Um.""Ah, fuck it," Yondu muttered. "This is on your head, okay? You want me to stay, you lose the clothes."Peter frowned, puzzled
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Yondu Udonta

freeform: 
That AU where Peter doesn't know he's an omega until his heat happens
In which humans are the only sentient race that don't have heat cycles
but are betas who are in season all the time
and Yondu's absolutely mystified as to how we get any shit done
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
sorry guys this is just filthy porn
I had to get it out of my system
Alpha!Yondu
omega!Peter

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Yondu Udonta

