Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker knew he was different. He understood that it wasn’t normal to be able to stick to surfaces, lift objects ten times his weight, and sense things before they happened. But it wasn’t like he had asked for this and he was pretty sick of the world continuing to kick him when he was doing the right thing. It was the right thing right? Peter sometimes second guessed himself these days, especially at night, and especially when the temperatures kept falling and he couldn’t lose his baby fat fast enough to smuggle himself into any shelters and convince the supervisors that he was of age. No, he couldn’t let those tempting thoughts of warmth consume him. He just needed to focus on taking the day one at a time. Sure he hadn’t figured out what exactly he was doing this winter when it became harder to thermoregulate. He had basically growled at the sky when the first snowflake of the impending winter fell on him. Peter knew logically that he should move to somewhere warmer, like Florida or Fiji, but New York was  home . Or at least the closest concept he had of home. Home. The social unit formed by a family living together. I mean New York was the last time his whole family lived together. He had distant memories of going to the zoo and being lifted onto his Dad’s shoulders to see the elephants while his mother rattled off facts about their social hierarchy and formations, filling Peter’s brain with a thirst to constantly know more (the elephant exhibit was closed when Peter went back to the zoo this year and he was very disappointed).Peter tried to rack his brain for more of those happy memories, trying to incentivize himself to stay as he curled up next to the dumpster. He had picked this spot as it had many optimizing factors. The dumpster was large and solid enough that it blocked off most of the gusts of wind down the alley. Part of the roof hung over the alley creating a reliably dry spot for Peter to curl up in most nights. The dumpster itself was next to a restaurant and if he was lucky, they would deposit of the leftovers in it before the end of the night and he could get an actual dinner (breakfast and lunch were guaranteed at school; it was just willing his metabolism to slow itself down between the hours of 6 pm and 6 am). And it was only a 30 minute walk to his school, very doable in the morning. School, he had school tomorrow and he glanced down at his watch and saw that it was 1:45 in the morning and his body still wouldn’t let him go to sleep. The boy groaned to himself wrapping his arms tighter around his backpack after fidgeting with his beanie pressing down his wild curls. He wiped his nose against his sweatshirt, closing his eyes again as he coughed. In an effort to calm his brain and hopefully force it to go to sleep, he started going through his periodic table, finding a familiar comfort in it. He had been dozing by the time he got to Scandium, a Transition Metal, when he was suddenly woken by a crash of debris falling on top of him. Peter was immediately on alert when the debris hit him, trying to figure out what had caused it. The ground wasn’t shaking so it couldn’t be an earthquake. It didn’t seem like there was more debris falling from the sky, so it was a repetitive attack. Instead the dust was settling in his hair, coating his backpack, and invading his lungs as he groaned coughing trying to get it out. Slowly, he started to wiggle himself out from pieces of concrete as he looked up and saw the wall at the end of the alley had been blown out. He tried to wipe the dust from his face reorienting himself as he stood up before freezing as a bright blue light found itself inches away from his face. He stumbled back, almost falling over the pieces of debris as he instinctively reached for his webshooters before remembering that he had run out of his last batch of web fluid. “You aren’t a drone?” The voice asked and Peter tentatively squeezed his eyes open (which he hadn’t even realized he had shut, nice going Parker). Peter realized that he was staring not only at a bright blue light that hadn’t been lowered, but a suit of armor and he gasped, “You’re Iron Man.” Of course he had heard of all the Avengers, they were one of the favorite subjects of his classmates at lunch, who swapped stories about their sightings (Betty Brandt had insisted that she saw Thor at a Starbucks). Even before then, he had heard about them in passing from various Hydra guards, a group of enhanced beings that were dead set on destroying Hydra. But they were never relevant to his missions (at least yet). Oh God, was that why Iron Man was here and holding him hostage? Did he think that Peter was still with them? Or that he was going to be arrested for what he had done for them in the past. Peter opened his mouth about to try to explain that he was really just trying to lay low and be normal when Iron Man interrupted him, “Yeah I am. You alright there, kid?” The man asked a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Hydra (Marvel)
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hydra Peter Parker
Orphan Peter Parker
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Homeless Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Irondad
spiderson
Sick Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Adopted Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

