Chapter 1





Chapter Text

11 weeks until the wedding
Darcy held up two bathsuits. “Now, the blue one or the black one?”“Why does it matter?” Natasha asked, looking from her desk.“Because if we’re gonna be in Hawaii for a week, walking on white sandy beaches, gracing hot men in tight speedos, I wanna look good while doing it.”Natasha laughed, “We’re not going to Hawaii to relax, we’re going because Steve and I have to cross off some things for our wedding...the blue one. I’m wearing the black one, I don’t want us to clash.”“I was hoping you’d say that.” She tossed the bathing suits onto the couch. Noticing the little pink hoodie on the couch and realizing it belonged to Tatiana brought an awe to her heart. “Where is little red? I’m starting to miss her picking up your phone and running business calls.”Whenever Tatiana was in her mom’s office and Natasha got a call from a telemarketer or person she was trying to avoid, she’d let Tatiana take the call and the little girl would chat the person up for a good 10 minutes. With the way she answers the phone and is so friendly you’d think her and whoever she spoke to were best friends.Natasha smirked at the idea of hearing her daughter’s conversation with people on the phone. “Spending time with her dad, although she should be back at home now with Steve by now.” Today was her last day before her preschool would have gone on break for construction.“Really? Alexei took liberty in picking her up?”“I’m just as surprised as you are. I’m not sure how Steve is taking it though. Picking her up after school is kinda his thing now.” He calls it “bonding time” and even frees up his schedule so it doesn’t intersect with the time she gets out.Natasha finds it to be very enchanting because her daughter is always so happy and excited in the morning before Zanders drops her off because she knows it’ll either be her mom or Steve to be around to pick her up later.  “What if this thing with Alexei becomes permanent? Like has he thought about being in both your lives again?”That was the same question that kept popping into her mind. Her expectations weren’t very high, but his attempts are slightly appreciated.“We haven’t talked about it, but he is considering buying a house upstate. I’m not sure what that means exactly.”Darcy winced. “If your ex-husband is involved it feels like it means trouble.”“You’re telling me,” Natasha sighed. She just hoped his sudden presence in their daughter’s life doesn’t give him the idea that she wanted to fix what they had romantically. That door was closed..like forever. She’s with a man now who’s a lot more protective of both her and her daughter. More loving, more caring. Granted, they did start off pretty badly, and almost ended terribly. He’s had the best character development she’s ever witnessed.Quite honestly she couldn’t wait to be married to him.
Steve looked over his pie before putting it in the oven. He heard a hard bang at the door and tried to relax himself internally. Everytime that man came over it’s like he was trying to bust their doors down, and every time it happened, Steve was an inch closer to knocking him out.The blond traveled to the front of the house and opened the door, revealing Tatiana and her dad. For some reason or the other, Alexei had been the one who called Natasha saying he wanted to see their daughter today and take her somewhere.He felt pretty offended because that was his thing, but pushed the feeling aside upon remembering this was her biological dad.Not only was Natasha shocked when her ex had offered, she also didn’t mind at all cause she knew Tatiana would be happy, unless it didn’t go well.The man also didn’t mention why he’s been wanting to see the little girl more often, that alone made Steve suspicious. Maybe he had a change in heart. Steve witnessed firsthand how Natasha can change people for the better, he wouldn’t be surprised if her efforts with her ex-husband worked as well.The first thing Steve noticed was the scratch on her arm. Why is it that every time she goes somewhere with him she comes back with some other mark? Just two weeks ago she had scraped her knee. He doubts she’s  that  clumsy because whenever she’s around literally anyone else, she’s as poised and structured as can be.“Stevie!” Tatiana said, running into his arms.Still, even after witnessing it on several occasions, Alexei didn’t like the sight of Tatiana being so comfortable around Steve. Hugging him, getting picked up. Things the average dad does to his daughter.“How was it?” He asked as he picked the little girl up.“I got new books, see?” She said holding up she had received from her library trip with her dad.“Those look awesome, go put them in your new room alright? You remember the way?” He and Natasha had been showing her the new way since they moved in. It’s a big place and they didn’t want her getting lost and scared.Tatiana nodded as Steve set her down. The girl happily made her way towards her new room of their new house.She
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
A story of path to marriage
Fluff
Smut
romanogers - Freeform
Love relationship
Old Friends
Arguments
Relationship Problems
cursing
minor flashbacks
Steve Rogers is a loving Fiance
Natasha Romanov is a loving Fiancée
Steve Rogers is a protective father figure
Natasha Romanov is a protective mom
Steve is still learning how to be a nice guy
mentions of cheating
Angst
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Assistant Darcy
Assistant MJ
Sister Yelena
Tatiana Romanov is an adorable baby
Mother/Daughter Bonding
Steve/daughter bonding
lots of ice cream
lots of smut
Kind of similar to it’s completed story
marriage fluff
Wedding Story special
Wedding preparations disagreements
Romance
Steve Rogers is kind of a gentleman
Established Relationship
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Steve Rogers Feels
Natasha Romanov Feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

