Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 



 
Toni guessed it all started when she was thirty and just returned from Afghanistan. There was that one party that her company was hosting but she wasn't invited to - can you imagine that? Rude - that she had to crash in order to make an appearance and she met this one devilishly handsome man whom she blamed for turning her world upside down. She personally blamed him because, here she was now, ten years later, aliens, gods, magic and artifacts of infinite power, older than time itself, a part of her everyday life almost as much as robots and science used to be.She should have denied him that one dance, should have said no and pulled away from him as soon as he started speaking with her. Instead she now held desperately onto the pendant in her all but broken hands, shaky from fatigue, blood loss and her injuries as a purple behemoth stood over her and her teammates, ready to eradicate them from existence. She brought the pendant closer to the almost broken, barely functioning Arc Reactor in her chest, right over her heart, and bit back her tears as she thought of what fate will befall her teammates if this doesn't work, the nightmare come true that she will have to live in.'Please,' she begged with all her heart and soul in her mind. 'Please, please come. I need you. Please!' But why would he? Toni asked herself as their enemy held up a gloved fist and those accursed Stones shone brightly in preparation for what will be the final blow. She had rejected him so many times in the past, all of his advances. He must have grown tired of her, grown bored. She was nothing special, despite always pretending that she thought the exact opposite of herself. He must have realized that, too, for she hadn't seen or heard from him since their last argument. He had simply given up when he realized how broken she was. He wouldn't waste any more of his time on her. She wasn't worth it."Any last words, Stark?" The behemoth asked, calling her by name like he had been doing since the first blow, the first attack, leveling the Infinity Gauntlet with her and her team behind her. They tried to move, to protest, to tell her to get the fuck out of here and avenge us, Stark! But they were too beaten and she had no strength left, even if she were willing to give up on them. She couldn't move beyond bringing that pendant closer, to her trembling lips, a tear finally rolling down her cheek."Stephen."00000Toni Stark was uncomfortably aware of the Arc Reactor in her chest, beneath the black fabric of her skin tight, night gown that she had chosen for this occasion, simply because its dark, thick material was the only outfit she had that could cover the glow of the thing that was keeping her alive and keep it out of sight from curious and prying eyes and cameras of the press. She didn't need the world speculating about it or asking any questions, not when she was still so busy making the armor and trying to puzzle out how terrorists like the Ten Rings had gotten their filthy, criminally paws on her weapons.Seeing that she had been gone for three months due to her kidnapping, and now all these weeks due to making the suit, she was the center of attention more than usual, if that was even possible. Only she felt like the gazes sent her way pricked her like thorns and needles and she was not at all comfortable with them, no matter how well she hid this fact. She held her chin up and strutted through the ballroom like she always did, a glass of whiskey in her hand - she had always preferred a stronger, real drink as opposed to those silly cocktails and all their sweets - as she searched the crowd for her PA and best friend, Pepper Potts. Well, she called her Pepper and it stuck, even though her name was Virginia. She thought she had spotted her in a nice blue, backless dress, speaking with some other women, but this Agent guy from Security Homeland something something something Division or something like that was pestering her for a debrief on her kidnapping - like she was going to go through that again; if his agency hadn't been there when the FBI, CIA and all the other big boys had asked questions, then that's too bad because she ain't repeating herself - and was distracting her. It was a bit annoying, as it was hard enough to glimpse her friend even as tall as she was and wow those heels, but then her view was completely obscured by a chest and a pair of broad shoulders and Toni wanted to scream.Burning amber eyes shot up to shoot lasers at whoever had blocked her sight of her PA just when she had found her in the crowd, only to be met by calm, serene, if smug and highly amused emerald eyes of a tall, dark and handsomestranger she had never seen before. And he was handsome, hubba hubba hubba. Pale skin, high cheekbones, sharp eyes, some pretty awesome facial hair, dark hair with some early grays that made the man look all the more handsome and elegant, refined like the sweetest of wine, dressed to the nines i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange & Wong
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange
Christine Palmer & Stephen Strange
Clea Strange/Stephen Strange
Donna Strange & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Wong
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Tony Stark & You (Iron Man movies)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Dummy (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Ancient One & Stephen Strange
Friday & Tony Stark
Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Shuri
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Shuri & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Tony Stark & Pepper Potts
Gina Atwater/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Stephen Strange
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Slow Dancing
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Male-Female Friendship
Female Tony Stark
Canon-Typical Violence
Typos
Maybe - Freeform
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
almost
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Genderbending
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Stephen Strange
Possessive Stephen Strange
Magic
Old Stephen Strange
But he looks the same as in cannon
Immortality
immortal Stephen Strange
He may as well be god
Read to understand that tag
Friends to Lovers
Best Friends
Epic Friendship
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
shit happens
Fix-It
Fix-It of Sorts
Arguing
Making Up
First Kiss
First Meetings
First Dates
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Iron Man 3
Post-Iron Man 2
Post-Iron Man 1
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Iron Man 1
Iron Man 2
Iron Man 3
Awesome Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Canon Compliant
Infinity Gems
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
WHAT!? is the favorite word
Supernatural Elements
kind of
Demon Summoning
Also kind of
Dormammu's ass is kicked
Good riddence
Shock
Surprises
Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Some angst
Stephen Strange Is a Little Shit
Don't Like Don't Read
Extremis Tony Stark
Stephen Strange is not the ACTUAL devil
This isn't Lucifer

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange & Wong
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange
Christine Palmer & Stephen Strange
Clea Strange/Stephen Strange
Donna Strange & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Wong
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Tony Stark & You (Iron Man movies)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Dummy (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Ancient One & Stephen Strange
Friday & Tony Stark
Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Shuri
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Shuri & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Tony Stark & Pepper Potts
Gina Atwater/Stephen Strange

