Work Text:
When Bucky was sufficiently recovered they took a trip. Steve was different; Bucky was still getting used to him. He was by turns more solemn and more energized than the person Bucky could remember. But Bucky didn't know what this new Steve was supposed to act like. He could barely remember what this new Steve was supposed to look like. He only had fragments to link him to: a tense and bony knee, a stubborn chin. That was the Steve he understood. While this Steve he knew mainly from pictures, filmreels. He'd forgotten too much. Only a sliver of recognition remained.  Still, when Bucky thought of Steve it was with an overriding sense of rightness.It was like the cars on the road. They were all wrong now, they looked less graceful somehow, the shabby curves of them were all gone. But of course the more he looked at the new sleek models falling behind them on the highway, the more he realized they seemed right. He couldn't trust his first impulse, which was to find them strange, to dislike them. Because he got used to them very quickly and then the recognition came. He knew these cars, too. So too with Steve. "This is for work," Steve said, sounding regretful.  Steve was always working. His work was sometimes Bucky. Sometimes not; sometimes it was the world. He had an easy, apologetic manner about it either way. When he came to collect Bucky from the doctors he always took note of how sorry Bucky was, how enraged some days, furious to be such a burden and humiliated to be a burden to Steve. But Steve never made a thing of it. In fact he was twice as sorry as Bucky was. The nation often took his attention away: dustups in foreign spheres, the detention of enemy aliens. He was bitterly sorry about it."I can barely remember the last time I even saw you," he'd say. Bucky would count it back in his head; he was supposed to do this; they said it would help him. He'd say something like, "Two weeks."Steve would suck in his breath very fast through his teeth, a kind of hiss, which Bucky couldn't remember him doing much before. But then before he'd never had so many responsibilities; he hadn't needed this, this action like a valve letting off steam. "I owe you better than this," Steve would say, shaking his head. Steve wanted to be there for Bucky and world both. But what were the doctors for? "Fujiyama," Bucky would say. This wasn't quite right. He couldn't remember where he got it. And he wasn't using it right. But Steve would get it, because this was Steve. Fujiyama. Fujiyama. Fujiyama. Fuck You Jack, I'm Alright. And Steve always laughed, a little thrown off. But this time he'd been thrown off and delighted. And he'd announced the trip. And said, pensively, "I forgot how funny you were." His eyes had looked very blue. Bucky now had the eerie feeling that time and the serum had somehow increased the colors of Steve: pale dun brown-blond had erupted into gold like the leaves on the trees, the washed-out eyes had taken on the blue of the sky and the creeks under the bridges: the whole nation outside the car had been transmuted into a person. But he put this thought out of his mind. It was strange. Steve had said again, "I forgot you were funny. I did. I knew it, but I still forgot, you know?"Then, almost like he understood, "You ever get that?"Yes. So Steve understood him. Of course. Of course he did. This Steve was almost superhuman in his understanding, his goodness. He spoke to the doctors. He came by when he could. He took Bucky on trips. "You don't have to meet with anyone there if you don't want to," he said. "Actually you shouldn't. Don't. The doctors said--"He really wasn't supposed to be meeting other people. He wasn't ready yet. It was forbidden. But people couldn't seem to say no to new Steve; it just didn't happen. So even if Bucky couldn't talk to anyone else, here he was in the sleek black car winding down the farm roads, watching the mountains falling back sharply into green and red and gold below him, the small village clusters built along the road, the rushing blue Susquehanna under the covered bridges. "Have we been here before?" Bucky said, after a while. "No," Steve said. "But you'll like it.""I'll hold you to that," Bucky said. Steve rolled his eyes a little and looked at Bucky sideways. This seemed so natural on him. Some days Bucky couldn't tell what Steve had naturally and what he put on for Bucky's sake. But all Steve said was, "It's supposed to be nice this time of year. Before winter hits."  -The town was at the foot of a long lake, an unnaturally blue lake. The lake had an Indian name and an Indian burial ground nearby; this was what the map Steve had picked up at the gas station said. But the girl shopping at the general store, who had beads in her long fair hair, corrected Steve and said it was a Native American name and a Native American burial ground. She said this very significantly and a little menacingly. Bucky, standing back where she couldn't see him, wanted to defend Stev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Original Character Death(s)
Tragedy
Psychological Horror
Dark
Canon Characters Death(s)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

