Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
Please see the end of the chapter for trigger warnings.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Even as a child, lies had been considered Loki’s purview.Early on, dishonesty had never been his intention, but his truths had often been interpreted as purposeful falsehoods. Loki had quickly learned that he was too pale, too weak, too different, and his inability to conform made his perspective an inherent misrepresentation of the truth. As the years passed and the whispered barbs turned into overt jeers, Loki had chosen to embrace his deficiency as a badge of honor. Silvertongue, he had called himself, an homage to his ability to twist any situation to serve his own interests.Of course, he had not known then that his affinity for lies originated at birth. Never had he suspected that everything from his face to his very bone marrow had been built upon the most treacherous of fabrications. Rather, Loki had taken for granted the seemingly immutable truth that he was part of a family. He had wholeheartedly believed that he would always be wanted and needed and loved.Loki had not known that a monster lurked within his very core until much later.And then, soon after he had discovered the truth, everything had ceased to matter.It had taken time to reassemble himself after his rebirth on Sanctuary, but Loki Silvertongue had always been a creature of opportunity. Despite the Mind Stone obscuring his thoughts and the Chitauri army dogging his steps, he had managed to wield his every unscrupulous weapon with the utmost precision.  Within lurid falsehoods, Loki had enfolded kernels of truth. Even with the Other watching through his eyes, the god had managed to plant enough seeds to expose the real threat. By his reckoning, it would take only the barest semblance of cleverness to recognize that his strategy had been designed to fail. A part of him—the quixotic little boy who would never stop thirsting for approval—even dreamed that his father might declare him worthy at last.It was only after his orchestrated defeat that Loki had learned just how well the rest of his “family” could lie.Growing up on a realm where he would always be different, wrong, argr, Loki had always known that love was conditional. When waves of blue had stolen across his skin, he had understood that he had been and would always be a tool, but Loki had craved more. Perhaps it had been naïve to believe that a monster could earn their love, but at the very least he had expected the chance to explain.Instead, every member of his supposed family had abandoned him in one fell swoop.There had been no one willing to speak in his defense. Not his supposed brother, who had so emphatically proclaimed their brotherhood until Loki’s usefulness had ceased. Not his mother, who had only ever offered him a sympathetic ear in the privacy of her quarters where no one else could hear. Not the Allfather, who had claimed himself Loki’s savior and carved out a place for him in the shadows. In truth, while he had hoped for leniency, Loki had never genuinely expected their support.What he had expected was the right to defend himself at his own trial.Instead, Loki had remained muzzled and effectively voiceless, his tongue apparently much too dangerous to unleash lest he swindle them all with his pretty lies. A silent witness to his own fate, Loki could only watch as the Allfather declared him worthy solely of a prison cell for the rest of eternity.And with that, the most fundamental bedrock of Loki’s existence had been ripped away.Fortunately, he had been too numb for it to hurt. Rather, despite the clamps securing his lips and the fetters holding him in place, Loki had thrown back his head and laughed. He had laughed throughout the entire trek to his prison cell and for days afterward until ringlets of blood had flowed ceaselessly down his chin.In retrospect, he should have known that the Norns had woven tragedy into every stitch of his life’s tapestry.It was a pattern that continued within his prison cell.The shackles upon his wrists drained him of all but the most insignificant dregs of seiðr. As a result, Loki could no longer conceal the many hurts, scarred and weeping, disfiguring his Æsir form, but he had no visitors from whom to hide them. No longer could he deny the demands of his body; instead, he trembled with thirst and hunger and pain without respite. Sometimes, he wondered if his restraints had cursed him to age like a mortal as well.Regardless, Loki wasted little time pondering the physical consequences of his fate. More unsettling than the state of his body was the insidious re-ensnarement of his mind. Brute force had liberated him on Midgard, but without his seiðr, those hooks were beginning to take root once more. The process would be slower from a distance, but Loki had nothing but time, and his former captors could be patient when the situation called for it.In light of those 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Steve Rogers
Loki & JARVIS
Happy Hogan & Loki
Loki & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Loki

freeform: 
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Protective Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Sick Loki (Marvel)
Torture
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Psychological Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Pining Tony Stark
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Secret Identity
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Fluff and Angst
Slow Burn
Avengers Family
Domestic Avengers
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Steve Rogers
Loki & JARVIS
Happy Hogan & Loki
Loki & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Loki

