Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Peter did not have to see the clock to know it wasn’t working. The little 

tick tick tick 

wasn’t echoing in his ears – a noise always present but pushed to the background by the bustling robotics class.


Today there was a white haze in its place - not quite annoying, but certainly not welcome just after eight in the morning.


It was too early for their substitute teacher to let the class work on their own projects, provided they worked alone, and worked quietly. It had worked, Peter conceded, for the first three minutes and thirty-seven seconds – then the substitute had hidden behind a book and all hell broke loose.


He pinched the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger, sighing quietly. The throbbing at the back of his skull did not let up any, but it was the thought that counted. To be fair, the white noise only just hiding behind the class was not exactly helping.


It was a good thing the clock had broken, because otherwise instead of throbbing in time with his heartbeat, his eyes would have been beaten in sync with the tick tick tick.


“You alright Peter?” Ned asked from across the table. They were on one of the islands that jutted out from the wall, and Peter was leaning his whole body onto it like it was the only thing keeping him upright. Which really, it was.


Peter waved away Ned's concern. “Yeah, yeah, I just didn’t get enough sleep last night.”


Technically, he wasn’t lying.


He hadn’t gotten enough sleep. Having gone to bed at six in the morning, only to be called at seven definitely wasn’t the best idea, but neither was going to bed with fresh wounds and shrapnel still digging into his skin.


It had been an eventful day in the labs. Well, an eventful morning. Which had been followed by a warning to never do that again – the same one he received every time, almost word for word from each member of his adopted family every time something exploded.


This time it had been a mock engine he had built from spare parts. He had been trying to see how far he could get the engine to rev before something inevitably went wrong.


He wasn’t entirely sure what went wrong, but he had a theory that it was the corroded metal he had pulled from the scrap piles around him grating together and igniting the fuel.


It wasn’t entirely his fault. He hadn’t been bothered enough to modify one of the arc reactors to power the mess of an engine he had made.


All of his serious injuries, like the burns on his face, and the few fractures around his skull and neck from where he had hit one of his worktables, had healed almost immediately, adrenaline rushing through his veins and forcing his heart to pound faster and faster until his ears stopped ringing and he could move his head with full mobility.


Of course, this didn’t stop FRIDAY from sounding the alarm.


A shrill sound followed by the location of the explosion, The Kids Play Area, and less than a minute later, approximately twenty seconds longer than it had taken for him to heal most of his collarbone and above, every single Avenger that had been staying the night had arrived.


Normally they slept at the Compound, home to nearly all of them, but it had been a late night of work. FRIDAY had informed him at two thirty that they had arrived at the Tower and were currently being treated by Dr. Strange.


Wanda had extinguished the fire, and while Peter had been whisked away by a very worried looking Bucky, Vision and FRI had put the room to rights.


That part was a little fuzzy, but he distinctly remembered Vision waving his hands to show Wanda where to put things, and Peter's second home had been returned to normal, each pile of scrap and piece of paper and puddle of mess was put back into its place.


While all of his things had been lowered into place, Peter had been lowered onto a standard issue hospital cot, in a large state of the art medicine bay – the entire right side of the room lined with large, tinted windows to block out unwanted attention, but also to let in whichever flyer needed to come in.


Across the left side was state of the art equipment that Dr. Cho got updated as soon as a new machine came out.


It was the avenger’s personal med-bay, specially made for when a science experiment went wrong, or if it was easier to get to the Tower instead of the Compound.


It was why the avengers had arrived at the tower at two-thirty, instead of going straight back to the Compound.


Peter had been working late, and the last time they had left him to get back Home without someone making him, it took forty-eight hours for him to come home – and only then was it through coercion.


And not that anyone would admit it, but it had become a sort of unspoken rule that when the Kids™ were working on something they weren’t allowed to be alone in the Tower without responsible supervision.


It wasn’t Peter’s fault that they once forgot to go Home for forty-eight hours – Shuri and Groot just had some really, really fun i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
no beta we die like men
Basically everything is canon except for the end part of civil war
which includes endgame and infinity war (neither of which happened)
okay so i ended up getting a beta
shes wonderful

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

