Work Text:
Strangely enough, his heat was triggered by sparring with Bucky. Thank the good Lord Himself that they were just messing around in private, and not out with everyone else. All the rest of their team were alphas and Steve was pretty sure Bucky would’ve beat them all down if any of them so much as sniffed in his direction.
He knew his new size took some getting used to, but Bucky was always pretty good at rolling with the punches. Once it sunk in that this was reality, not some fever dream, Bucky said his scent hadn’t changed. Somewhere under the serum and the title, he was still just Bucky’s Steve. The comfort in that had seemed to shock them both. After the shock, though, Bucky punched him in the shoulder and called him the same old little punk, and it was business as usual.
That barely lasted a week and a half.
Normally alphas pinned omegas down, bit them, and knotted them until they’d be leaking for days. Steve was almost beginning to think he and Buck were just hopeless on doing anything traditionally. That was alright, though.
Before everything Steve had asked, of fucking course he’d asked, if he would go into heat, if that was a risk factor. Erskine had shrugged and been brazen enough to tell him that everything was a risk factor. Only a doctor could dodge and answer a question at the same time.
It happened when Bucky’d tried to throw him, only to get tripped and immediately receive a full-body pin against the floor. Steve had hardly realized it was happening, what the line of fire from his ass to the nape of his neck meant. Bucky knew—eyes sinking into lusty black with his pupils wide and nostrils flaring—but Bucky’d been stuck under him on the floor.
For a long minute they just stared at each other, then finally, “am I?”
Bucky nodded, then glanced at the door. “Should I?”
A clock on the wall ticked on, one second, two, three, four. Steve shook his head and buried his face into Bucky’s neck. Maybe his senses were better now, maybe it was the heat, but Bucky smelled better than Steve could ever remember. Even back when his knot had first popped and all the milky sweetness of youth was replaced with something that made Steve’s lung fill with just a little more air than usual. This was better.
They both shook when Steve rolled his hips down. Bucky was half-hard and getting harder with every second. Steve inhaled as deeply as he could, sparks skittering across his skin, fanning out as sweat started beading up across his back.
Bucky at least had the good sense to try and push him off. “Not on the floor, c’mon.”
Steve pressed himself down harder, too lost in the want and the take, take him, take the knot to care about things like rug burn from fancy safe house floors.
Bucky shoved up more insistently, the edges of a rut coming on from Steve’s fresh heat. “Stevie, up, we’re not doing this on the floor, you horny little punk.”
Steve laughed and let Bucky get him to standing, but whatever plan they’d started concocting was lost as soon as they were vertical. They started tearing each other’s clothing off. First was Bucky’s shirt, then Steve’s, and then Steve’s pants were ripped as they tripped their way to the couch. Couldn’t even be bothered to make it all the way to one of the cots.
They laughed together as Steve kicked them off the rest of the way and pulled at Bucky’s belt. His hands were batted out of the way, Bucky quickly wiggling around until he was naked, too, save for his dog tags.
Skin-on-skin felt so good, better than Steve knew it could. He straddled Bucky’s thighs and felt himself start to drip for the thick cock sitting hard right alongside his own. Even now, after his procedure, he wasn’t quite as big as Buck, but that was fine, he wasn’t the one with a knot.
He reached down, only for Bucky to swat his hands out of the way again. A soft growl rattled at the back of his throat, and Bucky growled back.
"Gotta prep you," he said.
Steve shook his head. “No, gotta get you in me.”
He reached down again, but Bucky’s hand flew to the back of his neck, grabbing tight with his nails digging in, and Steve’s entire body froze. A shiver made Steve’s entire body tremble, sweat rolling down the curve of his spine and down his chest. Bucky smiled against his skin and licked a path from his sternum to his collarbone.
Two gentle fingers rubbed across his wet hole, relaxing him and making him sigh.
"I’m not gonna hurt you—"
"I know—"
“Steve.” There was an edge in Bucky’s voice that made Steve stop, a gasp hitching his chest his body easily opened enough for one finger to sink in to the second knuckle.
Bucky nosed at the hollow of his throat and slowly released the pressure on the back of his neck. Steve’s eyelids fluttered and he leaned forward, his forehead resting against Bucky’s
"What the hell was that?" He set his hands on Bucky’s shoulders and moaned softly when another finger slid in.
Bucky met his eyes with a lopsided grin. “Somethin’ mates do.”
Steve’s chest locked up and his stomach jumped, bre
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Dirty Talk
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

