Work Text:

//


“Anything can be real. Every imaginable thing is happening somewhere along the dimensional axis. These things happen a billion times over with exactly the same outcome and no one learns anything. Whatever a person can think, imagine, wish for, or believe has already come to pass. Dreams come true all the time, just not for the dreamers.”



- And Another Thing… Chapter Five


//


(Family Reunion / Mother’s Day / Blondie Lays The Pipe / Ah Yes, The Negotiator / Take Off Your Pants And Jacket / Dammit / All The Small Things)


//

A car ride, sort of like being stuck in a library for three hours, being forced to visit relatives you didn’t like and wandering a college campus on a lovely winter’s morning whilst hand-in-hand with a beautiful girl who loved you just as much as you loved her, gave one time to think and reflect.

Though admittedly, at this particular juncture, the thinking and reflecting was going a bit in a circular kind of direction, though for different reasons than the aforementioned wandering ‘round the campus thing. Probably because in this case, the person doing the thinking and reflecting was not hand-in-hand with a very special lady, but rather, sitting in a car that had just pulled into a suburban neighborhood somewhere quiet. Anyways, in case you were wondering-

-it sort of went a bit like this-

“Do you think they’ll like me?”

This had not been the first time the question had been asked, nor would it be the last, if the person listening to it had to guess. In any case, the recipient couldn’t help but smile, softly, in the reassuring kind of way, as practiced hands deftly guided the car they were maneuvering to a stop, beginning the shut-down process and opening of the vehicle’s doors via low-level, automatic mental processes. The higher level-processes, on the other hand, went about composing a reply to the aforementioned question.

“Yes-” Went Natasha Romanov, in gentle, reassuring fashion. “-they will. Trust me. I’ve told them about you, they approve. There’s nothing to fear.”

The redhead had answered this question more times than she could’ve remembered over the last couple of hours, as she’d talked to Wanda about her sisters. She spoke in a reassuring tone of voice, pressing an equally reassuring hand to Wanda’s back. “Now, come on-” She continued, as she led Wanda to the front door and rang the bell. “-and relax. You’ll have a good time, promise.”

Uno.

Wanda shifted uneasily. 

Oh, I hope Nat’s family likes me! 

She thought, biting her lip nervously. She’d never met the redhead’s sisters, but she’d heard a lot about them, and if they were anything like Nat, well…

Dos.

Breathing deeply, Wanda bounced a bit on the balls of her feet, humming a little nervous tone to herself, just on the edge of hearing. 

What if her sisters don’t like me? What if-


Tres-

-the sound of a clicking lock snapped Wanda out of her thoughts, and the threshold swung open to reveal a woman, noticeably older than Natasha, standing there. She had jet black hair with slight red highlights, braided up to some extent, and she wore an expression that, at first glance, looked unwelcoming and almost hostile, were it not for the fact that her eyes shone with joy that was very much at odds with the rest of her face.

“Melina!”

“Tasha!” Shouted the other woman - Melina, Wanda’s mind filed under the 

important people

 list - the rest of her visage following suit in the whole happiness department and breaking into a proper smile, as she swept up Natasha in a tight, joyful hug. “It’s been too long, baby sis!” She held the hug for a moment longer, then let go of Natasha and turned her attention to Wanda. “Well, well, what have we here?” Melina drawled, voice becoming substantially more sultry in tone as she closed in on Wanda like a tiger would its prey. “I’m Melina Vostokoff, Natasha’s older sister, the prettier one, if it wasn’t already obvious, and might I have your name, little cherub?”

“W-Wanda Maximoff.” The eponymous squeaked, feeling a blush - and heat - flow to her cheeks as Melina reached out, took one of Wanda’s hands and pressed a kiss to the back of it. 

“Such a pretty name, if I do say so myself, cherub.” Melina crooned, giving her a smile that was decidedly not just welcoming. 

“...it-it’s nice to meet you too.” Wanda stammered, feeling even more heat rush to her cheeks.

“The pleasure’s all mine, cherub.” Melina practically cooed, letting go of Wanda’s hand a lot more slowly than the norm, before gesturing with a flourish at the warmly lit house interior. “Please, come on in.” 

“Where’s Yelena?” Natasha asked, as she stepped inside, not bothering to take off her coat. 

“Right here, big sis!” Came an energetic, excited voice, as a blonde with bright eyes and a cheery smile all but slammed into the redhead, knocking her back a step.  “God, it’s so good to see you!” Then, to Wanda’s surprised expression, Yelena, for that was her name, pressed her lips to Natasha’s, giving her 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova/Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff/Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova/Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Melina Vostokoff
Natasha Romanov/Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova/Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova/Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova/Natasha Romanov/Melina Vostokoff
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Melina Vostokoff

freeform: 
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Rough Sex
Lesbian Sex
Lesbian Character
POV Lesbian Character
Foursome - F/F/F/F
Threesome - F/F/F
Group Sex
Polyamory
Polyamorous Character
Gangbang
Double Penetration
Double Vaginal Penetration
Double Penetration in One Hole
Sibling Incest
Siblings
Sibling Bonding
Sibling Love
Half-Sibling Incest
Not Canon Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Alternate Universe - Domestic
Age Difference
Making Love
Useless Lesbians
Closet Sex
Dubious Consent
Mildly Dubious Consent
Crushes
Crush at First Sight
Sibling Rivalry
Rivalry
Seduction
Attempted Seduction
Seductive Melina Vostokoff
Not So Seductive Yelena Belova
Sub Wanda Maximoff
Dom Natasha Romanov
Dom Melina Vostokoff
Dom Yelena Belova
Dom/sub
Showers
Voyeurism
Big Sisters
Little Sisters
Big Sister Natasha Romanov
Little Sister Yelena Belova
Big Sister Melina Vostokoff
Implied/Referenced Incest
Incest
Step-Sibling Incest
Sister/Sister Incest
Impregnation
Pregnancy
Pregnancy Kink
Girl Penis
Girls Kissing
Futanari
Girl Penis Natasha Romanov
Girl Penis Yelena Belova
Girl Penis Melina Vostokoff
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm
Overstimulation
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Fluffy Ending
Lesbian Wanda Maximoff
Lesbian Natasha Romanov
Lesbian Yelena Belova
Lesbian Melina Vostokoff
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy References
Title From A Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Book
Creampie
Love Confessions
Nicknames
Florence Pugh As Yelena Belova
Rachel Weisz As Melina Vostokoff
Breeding
POV Wanda Maximoff
POV Natasha Romanov
POV Yelena Belova
POV Melina Vostokoff
Tags Are Hard
Tags Are Fun
Comedy
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Romantic Fluff
So Many Fucking Tags It Makes You Wonder What The Fuck I'm Doing
References to Blink-182
Green Day References
Life is Strange References
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
But If You Didn't Figure Those Out Already That's Just Kinda Sad
With Apologies To Douglas Adams

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova/Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff/Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova/Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Melina Vostokoff
Natasha Romanov/Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova/Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova/Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova/Natasha Romanov/Melina Vostokoff
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Melina Vostokoff

