Work Text:
Steph makes the mistake of asking, “What do you do for fun?” one afternoon when she and Tony are alone in the mansion, when they’re both sweaty and pleasantly sore from a couple hours spent sparring.Tony rakes her hand through her hair and leaves spikes jutting up from her head and appraises Steph with one eyebrow raised. They’re sitting in the kitchen, drinking from sweating glasses of water that leave rings on the polished counter. “Do you really want to know?” Tony asks around a smirk that feels a little forced at the edges.“Yes,” Steph says promptly. “Of course.”Grinning, Tony slides down from the stool. “Just remember,” she chuckles, “you asked for this, beautiful.”Steph follows Tony through the bowels of the mansion to her workshop. It’s not as big or well-stocked as the one she has at her private house, but it’s still pretty dang expansive to Steph’e eyes. Tony closes the door behind them and locks it with her key code and hand print protections. The lights overhead hum quietly and cast harsh, unforgiving fluorescent light on piles of half-built machines and long tables covered in blueprints and notes.“Are we in danger of being caught?” Steph asks, rubbing her hands over her upper arms against the goosebumps.Tony smirks over her shoulder. “I believe in being prepared.”Steph rolls her eyes.They’ve been slowly sinking into their thing for the better part of six months. They don’t talk about it, but Steph minds that less than she would have expected. There’s a kind of freedom in having room to explore without any other demands.She watches Tony roll a tarp-covered contraption from a dimmer corner of the room on wheels that squeak very softly on the concrete floor. It rises in odd humps and has an oddly foreboding quality. Steph wonders, for a completely genuine moment, if Tony’s side work might be developing science fiction death rays or disintegrating beams. (Steph, personally, never wants to see another thing disintegrate for as long as she is alive.)“Before I show you this,” Tony says, “You have to promise me you won’t flip.”“Now you’re worrying me.”“It’s not bad,” Tony insists. “It’s just. You can be a little nun-ish sometimes.”Steph frowns. “Are you calling me prude?”“No!” Tony flaps her hand. “No, I’m not. Jesus, whatever. Voila.” She sweeps the tarp off the machine with a theatrical flourish.It’s an ornate sort of platform, made of brushed steel, with a solid black box in the rear and a kind of half-circle additional piece in the front. And an impressive phallus jutting heavenward that irrationally reminds Steph of a spear thrust into the sky.  It has an unfinished look to it, with a few exposed wires jutting out here and there.“What is it?” Steph asks eventually. Her cheeks feel hot.Tony smiles sweetly and claps her hand to it. “This is a fucking machine. A sybian, actually, which is one of the traditional designs. I’ve made a couple modifications to the internal gears, though, which I think will make it particularly satisfying.”“And--” Steph squeaks and swallows. “This is what you do for fun?”“What else would I do? Build another gun?” Tony shrugs. “Necessity dictates that most of what I get to knock together is meant to destroy something. That’s almost always interesting, but not necessarily fun. This is fun. You wanna try it?”Steph claps her hands to her mouth like an old school marm exposed to a naked ankle. “Are you serious?”Tony caresses the...fucking machine with a loving hand. “I’m always serious when it comes to sex. It’s fun, I swear. I think you’ll like it, considering how much you like the suit.”There’s no possible way Steph is going to justify that bit of unproven slander with a response. The thing is, shocked as she is, there’s another bit of her that’s intrigued by the concept. She’s not so innocent that she can’t see the gist of how the contraption works. She touches one of her fingers to the base; it’s made of some kind of soft material that feels a little but like leather, soft and supple and appealing.“Have you ever had anything inside you except my fingers?” Tony asks, skimming her hand up Steph’s arm.“You know I haven’t,” Steph murmurs.Tony grins. “I think you want to try it.”“Okay, then,” Steph says, hiding her tangle of fear and desire behind defiance. “Okay, I want to try it. What do I do?”“Get naked,” Tony says promptly.Steph never changed out of her thin tank and shorts after Tony finally collapsed and declared she would die if they went another round sparring. She strips off her clothes, panties, and sports bra, setting them in a pile on the nearest table. Her nipples go hard in the cool basement air and she crosses her arms over her chest, even though Tony has seen her naked hundreds of times at this point. It’s different.Grinning, Tony pulls Steph close and tips her head up for a kiss. It’s easy, maybe just a little bit more careful than how Tony usually goes. Steph relaxes into it after a resistant, nervous moment, and her hands end up easing down to Tony’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
girl!Steve Rogers/girl!Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Genderswap
Community: kink_bingo
Fucking Machines
Femslash

fandom: 
girl!Steve Rogers/girl!Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

