Chapter 1: Be Sweet
    


        Chapter by the1918




Chapter Text
It takes Bucky a good bit longer than it should for him to pinpoint exactly why it is that Steve smells so damn good.But—in Bucky’s defense—he’s never actually smelled the scent of Steve in pre-heat before.Steve never had heats, back in the forties. Sure, he’d looked and smelled to Bucky every bit like the omega that Steve is, but his little body was just too damn sick to support something like a heat. Still, tiny and bird-boned and heat-less as he’d been then, Bucky Barnes has been in love with Steve Rogers since 1934. And he’s in love with Steve Rogers now, seventy years later.But he hadn’t told Steve then. He hasn’t told Steve now.The pre-heat scent is definitely different than Steve’s normal scent, but it’s really not until Bucky notices his own behavior— hovering around Steve, keeping an eye on him to make sure he’s eating plenty, taking mental stock of every other alpha in every room that Steve walks into – that Bucky finally puts two and two together and realizes what’s about to happen.The knowledge flips a switch inside Bucky. He begins trying to avoid Steve; he really, really does. He doesn’t want to overstep, or get too close, or make Steve uncomfortable with his obvious pining and what probably smells like an alpha about ten seconds from jumping him.But then Bucky’s in their kitchen one day soon after that, making himself a protein smoothie, when Steve walks in. Steve says he wants to ask him something.From the smell of him, Bucky gives Steve maybe twenty-four hours before he’s in full heat. He wonders if he should make himself scarce for a few days or if Steve is going to be the one to go, go find whatever heat partner he’s got and get fucked for a week straight, take another alpha’s knot one or two dozen times, and—and Bucky has to put his coffee mug down before he crushes the ceramic handle to dust.“Bucky, I…” Steve looks down nervously as he speaks, and Bucky thinks that the way Steve’s lashes kiss against the flushed tops of his cheeks should be illegal.“What is it, Stevie?”Steve’s anxious, clearly. Very anxious; he can’t quite meet Bucky’s eyes. Bucky doesn’t like things that make Steve anxious.Steve finally gets to talking but he stutters, is flustered. “I was wondering if—and it’s okay if you don’t want to! I know everything must still be really weird for you, and—”Bucky can’t stop himself from reaching a hand out and cupping the side of Steve’s neck like he does sometimes, wrist against Steve’s scent gland.“It’s okay, Stevie. Just tell me, you can tell me, yeah? Ask what you wanna ask.”Steve lets out a shaky breath and visibly steels himself, anxious, still, but brave enough to meet Bucky’s eyes.“I wanted to know if you might wanna, um.” His bottom lip is so damn pink where he’s biting down on it. “If you might wanna help me through my heat?” And it’s mumbled, and fast, but Bucky can hear every word—even though he can’t believe a damn one of them.Bucky’s awestruck. He’s awestruck, but he’s gotta say something, can’t leave Stevie hanging.“Stevie, oh, you... fuck, you perfect little doll.” And that’s… not something he’s called his best friend before. He brushes Steve’s smooth jawline with one thumb and looks at the omega with such fondness that it makes the room feel a little sticky. “Of course I do.”A surprised smile lights up Steve’s face, like he wasn’t expecting Bucky to actually say yes. and Bucky… well, Bucky can’t stop talking.“Of course I want that. I’m so happy you asked, baby.” Another endearment he’s never used for Steve. “So happy.”But some things still itch at Bucky’s brain. There are some things he needs to know—information.“Are you… You’re sure about this, Stevie? Why me?” And he doesn’t wanna ask this next question, but he’s gotta. It’s knowledge Bucky needs to be equipped with. “Where’s the alpha—alphas, whoever—that usually stay with you?”“What?” And Steve – god bless him – looks genuinely confused for a moment before he gets it, understands what Bucky means, and the blush that covers his face looks like it must extend far below the neckline of his thin t-shirt. “Oh! Um, no, there was no…”Steve’s words trail off. His eyes get all wide like he’s just realized something, and he looks even more nervous than before. He’s breathing harder, and the anxiety in his scent is back. He shakes his head.“I’m sorry,” Steve whispers. He’s diverting his eyes, shrinking his massive form to make his whole body somehow look smaller.“Sorry?” Bucky repeats, “why? What you got to be sorry about, baby?”The endearment slips out again but it does something to the omega this time, makes his eyelashes flutter and his anxious scent mellow a bit. Still, Steve’s nervous, and Bucky still does not like things that make Steve nervous, and he gives into the protective urge to crowd Steve in against the kitchen island with his body—hands on either side of him, holding onto the countertops.Steve suddenly lets out a little whine at the mov
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Virgin Steve Rogers
Loss of Virginity
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Breeding Kink
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
Getting Together
Rimming
Anal Sex
Knotting
trope city come on in

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

