Chapter 1: Chapter One (yeah, that's creative)
    




Chapter Text
“Please don’t make me do this.”Bucky’s voice is weak and shaky. It barely even fills the unwelcoming room. It’s a bad room, in his opinion. The walls are too dark, the carpet scratchy beneath his barefeet, and the lighting all wrong. But then, as far as Chapels go, this could be a lot worse.His mother sighs as she rises from the seat at the vanity set hugging the wall furthest from him and comes over. Winifred Barnes is dressed in her finest for the occasion. Long, silky dress--colored champagne, the very drink Bucky will be drowning in tonight if things go according to his family’s wishes--a long slit up the left end, revealing her long, smooth leg. She must have taken great care in tightening her corset today, since her waist looks a tad bit smaller. “You must, James,” She tells him, for what seems to Bucky the millionth time since arriving at the Chapel. “Do you want to see your family homeless? Me working as a seamstress? Your sister thrown out of school?”
“You know I don’t… that’s not…” Bucky can’t find the words. “It’s not fair.”
“Your father left us a good name and a pile of debt.” She explains as though this fact hadn’t been drilled into his head since just days after his father passed--just a few months ago. “If you don’t marry this boy, then all of us suffer.”A pain presses into his chest. She’s right. To alleviate his family’s suffering, it’s Bucky who needs to step up and do the sacrificing. Winifred cannot. She’s in mourning--the fact that she’s not in black is nothing more than her rebelling in her own way--and cannot accept any suitor until at least a year. It wouldn’t be proper, words would be said, rumors of scandal and an affair. The Barnes’ name would be dragged through the mud. Though she’s been persistent and unrelenting when it came to finding Bucky a spouse, right now, a flicker of sympathy passes through her eyes. She places her hands at the sides of his neck and kisses his cheek.“You’re right,” She admits. “It isn’t fair. But the world we live in is not always kind to those in it.”His mother grazes her fingers over his left arm. It’s covered at the moment, the sleeve of his black shirt reaching his wrist, but his hand is still showing. Arm and hand made of metal. “I know.” Bucky whispers, pulling his arm behind his back.
“And as far as suitors go, this doesn’t seem like a bad match.”She’s right about that, too. The Rogers have a good name, they have a wallet to back it up, and, according to their public lives, they genuinely seem nice. The Lord and Lady Rogers both have a seat in Parliament as well--two very well known voices in the government. Steve Rogers, the only son and heir to their fortune and position, is to be his husband. In less than an hour. The idea still leaves Bucky dizzy and sick to his stomach. His husband. Steve Rogers. He’s a good looking fella, Steve Rogers is. Ever since his mother announced that the Rogers’ accepted their proposal for the marriage of their sons, Bucky had done as much research on the man as he could. Even just in pictures, he can tell he has deep as ocean blue eyes, smiles for the cameras like he means it, tufts of dark, golden hair that doesn’t always fall neatly on his head. Bucky has seen interviews with him--the man was chosen as Society’s Best Catch three years ago so there are plenty of interviews--and Steve Rogers seems nice enough. He’s uncomfortable in front of the cameras, Bucky’s sure of that, but he’s good natured about it, answering questions like it doesn’t bother him at all. In fact, Bucky’s not sure he’s ever seen anyone who laughs so much. His husband-to-be comes off as a happy person, agreeable, and, well, nice, just some of the reasons Society dubbed him as their Best Catch. It’s just...Bucky doesn’t...he…“I don’t know him.”His mother is beginning to lose patience with him. He can tell by the way her mouth curls up, like her lips themselves are warning him to tread carefully. “You’ve met him twice already,” She says, as though that should be comforting. “That’s two times more than I met your father.”Bucky has no ground to stand on, other than the fact that he didn’t want to do this. It was still his choice. He could back out of it. But where would that leave him? Dismissed by his family for one. Out on the streets with nothing but a tarnished name. No one who was dismissed by their family was welcome in high regards in Society. It would also, and, Bucky wasn’t selfish enough not to accept that this was more important, it would leave his sister, his sixteen-year-old sister, in his stead. That wasn’t something he’d ever allow to happen. He couldn’t picture Rebecca in here, the changing room of Society’s 107th Chapel, dressed all in white, veil over her face, being presented to a man she didn’t know to be her husband. Bucky would give her the chance he never really had. As the heir, the oldest born, an arranged marriage was almost always certainly in his future.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Gabe Jones
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Blackmail
Explicit Sexual Content
Recreational Drug Use
Terminal Illnesses
Explicit Consent
Mild S&M
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Fluff and Angst
Class Issues
Alternate Universe - Steampunk
steampunk settings
traditional marriage
Arranged Marriage
head of the household
Alcohol
Drunkenness
Dubious Consent
top!steve
Bottom!Bucky
Angst
Explicit Language
Dom/sub Undertones
Canonical Character Death
Alternate Universe - Dystopia
uneven marriage
the world is pretty unfair
Switching
in chapter 30
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Ableism
Forced Medication
Power Imbalance
Power Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Victorian
Hospitalization
Illnesses
Eventual Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Gabe Jones
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow

