Chapter 1





Chapter Text
In the three years since Charles opened his Institute For Gifted Youngsters, he’s built quite a few solid relationships in the community. Not just Westchester, but also New York City and some of the surrounding areas. It’s helped that he spends considerable time in communication with the scholars at the nearby universities and colleges—he’s managed to do quite well for himself and his burgeoning population of students. He, Hank, Alex and Sean are at almost fifteen now, ranging from the young—the youngest being Scott Summers, eleven years old, blinded by his own abilities when they found him and rescued him from the foster care system—to the old. And with just the four of them? They’re coming close to capacity. Charles has been looking for others who might prove suitable as teachers, but can’t make himself trust so blindly as he once could. So they settle at twelve, most of whom are precocious pre-teens and teens who, quite frankly, are capable of driving a nun to profanity. Yet they manage. And, over the three years, have come close to creating something of a family.The connections he’s fostered come in handy, but no more so when—while visiting the library at Rutgers—he runs into Giorgos Karachalios, one of the biology professors.“Charles! I had no idea you would be coming.” Gior has an open smile and a jovial attitude. His accent, still strongly settled in his native Greece, has thus far held him back from the upper echelons of academia, but he is one of the most charming men Charles has ever met. “It is good to see you. How are the children?”Gior is also one of the few men who actually knows the true purpose of Charles’ school.“Excellent, thank you. And your students? And promising minds this year?”“One or two. We shall see.” Gior cast a careful look around and lowers his voice, bending over slightly to whisper in Charles’ ear. Gior is one of the few men who has never stooped when addressing Charles, and his sudden nearness comes as a disarming surprise. “I have been meaning to call you.”“Oh?”“My wife, she runs in a large social circle. One of the ladies recently mentioned a neighbor who says their child is possessed. Very sad situation—not one I would wish on a child. I thought, perhaps, this may be in your field of interest?” Even at a whisper, he protects Charles’ secrets from the numerous bodies crowding the stacks.“It may be. Do you know any more?”“Impossible to find out without raising questions. The woman lives in Somerset, the west side. Do you think this is enough?”Charles thinks of Cerebro, silent for the past three months as he and the others settle into taking care of fifteen additional bodies, and nods. “Yes. I’ll see what I can find out.”“Thank you, Charles. You are a good man.”That evening, Charles visits Cerebro once more. Its revised construction is more streamlined, and tailored to Charles specifically instead of some random psychic who might suddenly become serendipitously available.“You’re sure we can handle one more?” Hank asks from the sidelines. He’s already overwhelmed by the number of adolescents in their home. In fact, he’s taken to hiding in his lab between and after classes, leaving most of the extra-curricular supervision to Sean and Alex. Fortunately, between the two of them, they’re remarkably proficient at it. A testament to their characters. And, perhaps, their maturity.“I merely want to get an idea of the situation,” Charles reassures him. “According to Gior, it’s not a good place for a child to be.” There’d been far more in his friend’s eyes than he’d been able to say in a short time.Hanks accepts it, though obviously leery and considering what happened when Jean came to investigate the goings on in his lab and inadvertently destroyed three months of work. Without further preamble, Charles places the helmet on his head.Cerebro welcomes him like an old friend. Each time he uses it, the number of mutants seems to have grown. It’s promising and comforting, thinking that the sheer number will one day force a peace between them an humanity and, ipso facto, between his school and the Brotherhood. He tries not to think about Raven—Mystique—or Erik—Magneto—while using Cerebro. The temptation to look for them is too near.It doesn’t take long to locate the mutant in Somerset. He gets glimpses of the situation, but nothing beyond feelings of terror and a need to escape. It’s really all he needs.“Hank, please ask Alex to pull the car around.”They pull up to a small, suburban home at about eight. The lawn is well-manicured—anally so—and the lights are still on. Charles maneuvers himself into his chair and Alex follows him up the drive, a silent sentinel at his back. There’s a moment of stabbing nostalgia. It’s always there, whenever he goes looking for a new student and Erik is missing from his side. He feels Erik’s loss more keenly than the loss of his legs. And while the school proves a constant and welcome distraction, there are times when he’s overwhelm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon
Kid Fic

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

