Chapter 2: The kid's not alright.
    




Chapter Text
Marinette is smiling, it sound weird but this is the first real smile she's had in years and its because of the couple twirling around in front of her. It was Uncle Jagged and Aunt Penny's wedding day and she couldn't be happier, a big factor in this was she was in new York and not Paris for the whole summer holiday leading up to it. Her life had taken such a downward spiral with the arrival of Lila and the fact that Gabriel had not taken Adrien out of school for the theft of the book that she found herself thinking more and more on just giving up and carrying out Tikki's plan that she had actually started to learn how to create false identity's for her soon to be inevitable life on the run so Uncle Jagged's news had been a light in the pitch black darkness. They not only wanted her to be Aunt Penny's maid of honour, they also wanted her to design the outfits of all of the guests. It had taken a lot of arguing with her parents but in the end they had agreed and she was flown out the next week right after the last day of school. Precautions had been taken to keep both of her secret identity's a secret of course, for Ladybug Master Fu had given her Kaalki's glasses so that if an akuma popped up she could get there fast and with MDC Uncle Jagged had made all of the guests see his tailor for measurements then fill out a questionnaire, all of which he had handed to Marinette with each of their pictures attached. It had been both a nightmare and a dream all at once, a dream because she was drowning in fabrics for new and exciting designs and a nightmare because she was DROWNING IN COMMISSIONS but it was done and she couldn't be happier because all of these people were wearing HER designs and they loved them. The morning before the actual wedding her website had suddenly been swarmed by the rich and famous people that Uncle Jagged had invited to his wedding, all telling her how much they had loved her outfits and asking what her wait time was on commissions, she had cried for an hour whilst Tikki and Kaalki had patted her face and congratulated her, then her MDC twitter account had exploded which in turn had brought more people to her site. She had also learned some important facts about her summoning ability's;
1. she couldn't create food and drinks out of thin air.
2. She could not create things that she didn't no the logistics of.
She had to spend the first week learning how to make disappearing designs before she could summon them and her lack of instantly appearing coffee drove her insane at points but she was a survivor and she adjusted. She was really proud of her own dress, it was dark red and had a floor length skirt that swayed elegantly when she walked showing flashes of her black heals. The back was open and the sleeves were made out of a sheer fabric, it looked quite plain until the light hit it a certain way then little black music notes shimmered into existence along the skirt in the tune of the song Uncle Jagged had written for Ladybug. She had thought that it was a nice nod to her hero alter ego that no one was really going to pick up on because everyone had the notes to one of his songs shimmering in and out of existence as they danced around. She had also ditched her pigtails for the and now her hair was in an elegant bun held together by a string of black gem stones that matched the ones in her ears and around her throat. It was a magical night, hell, it was a magical summer but all good things come to an end and soon it was the morning of the first day back and she was dreading it. It didn't help that Tikki had become more murderous with the return of Kaalki whom they had had a great summer reconnecting with. The only thing that kept her going threw the thoughts of how awful last year was for her was that Master Fu was so close to naming her the guardian and she couldn't risk it by theft and murder. When Plagg had informed them that not only did Adrien start working with Lila but also that Gabriel had reviled his identity to him Marinette had been shocked and had she not believed them completely she would have been sceptical. She had tried to convince herself that it wasn't going to be that bad but that small bit of hope that Lila being there wasn't going to affect her died a swift death the first time she had burst into tears claiming that Marinette said something to her and soon it evolved into her sending Lila mean texts and shoving Lila in the bathroom. Suddenly all of her barriers ageist Adrien were gone and he took full use of it, Alya refused to sit with her so she had been forced to sit next to him and no one wanted to join her study group anymore so she was dragged to his house more often. Even her parents had turned on her stating that she was grounded for the foreseeable future and only allowed to leave when accompanied by Adrien because "He's such a nice boy, maybe he can finally straiten you out when your mated". He used every
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tim Drake/Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug/Damian Wayne
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug/Jason Todd
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug/Dick Grayson
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug & Bruce Wayne
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug & Alfred Pennyworth
Gabriel Agreste | Papillon | Hawk Moth & Nathalie Sancoeur
Emilie Agreste/Gabriel Agreste | Papillon | Hawk Moth
Adrien Agreste | Chat Noir/Lila Rossi
Selina Kyle/Bruce Wayne
Alya Césaire/Nino Lahiffe

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossover
Crossover Pairings
MariBat
Lila Rossi Bashing
Adrien Agreste | Chat Noir Bashing
Gabriel Agreste | Papillon | Hawk Moth Loves Adrien Agreste | Chat Noir
But that only makes it worse
Fix-It of Sorts
Emilie Agreste Lives
Adrien Agreste is what happens when two yandere's get together and have a child
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug Does Not Have a Crush on Adrien Agreste
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug Deserves Better
And she gets it
In the form of four over protective mates
Alpha Dick Grayson
Omega Jason Todd
Omega Tim Drake
Alpha Damian Wayne
Omega Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug
Beta Alfred Pennyworth
Alpha Gabriel Agreste | Papillon | Hawk Moth
Omega Emilie Agreste
Alpha Adrien Agreste | Chat Noir
Alpha Lila Rossi
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug is Called MDC
Alyssa is Marinette Dupain-Cheng
Yandere Adrien Agreste | Chat Noir
Yandere Lila Rossi
bird boys are best boys
inexperienced mother Harley Quinn
inexperienced mother Marinette Dupain-Cheng
inexperienced baby Heretic
Tikki and Plagg trying to be good parents while not knowing anything about human emotions
Tikki and Plagg trying to be good grandparents while not knowing anything about human emotions
Alyssa isn't the only plain shiftier anymore and she's panicking but also glad
inexperienced baby Kon-El
inexperienced baby Kara Zor-L
Talia al Ghul Tries
BAMF Talia al Ghul
Protective Alya Césaire
Alya Césaire Redemption
Protective Nino Lahiffe
Nino Lahiffe Redemption

fandom: 
Tim Drake/Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug/Damian Wayne
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug/Jason Todd
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug/Dick Grayson
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug & Bruce Wayne
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug & Alfred Pennyworth
Gabriel Agreste | Papillon | Hawk Moth & Nathalie Sancoeur
Emilie Agreste/Gabriel Agreste | Papillon | Hawk Moth
Adrien Agreste | Chat Noir/Lila Rossi
Selina Kyle/Bruce Wayne
Alya Césaire/Nino Lahiffe

