Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve jabs at the elevator button again, even though he knows that won’t make it come down any faster. He needs some way to release his anxious energy, though, and this is the only outlet available.He can’t believe he’s late.When he’d called that morning, he hadn’t expected them to be able to fit him in on such short notice. After telling the nurse his symptoms, however—tenderness in his lower abdomen for the past few days, leaking slick all day, hot flashes—she’d put him on hold and then come back to say that if he were willing to see someone other than his normal doctor, he could be seen at 6pm, even though that was when the office technically closed. It’s 6:27pm, however, and he has no idea if anyone’s going to be there when he finally arrives, dripping wet no less because there’s a thunderstorm going on outside. He’d gotten soaked in the few seconds it’d taken him to run from his car to the building, because like an idiot, he hadn’t checked the weather before he’d gone to work and had left his umbrella at home.The office lights are still on, however, when he gets out of the elevator, and thank heavens, the door opens under his hand.“Hello?” he calls out, barely a foot inside in case he is actually too late and they’re in the middle of shutting everything down.But a couple of seconds later, he hears, “Steve Rogers?” “Yes! I’m so sorry I’m late!” Steve says right before someone pops out around the corner and—Oh.Oh no.“It’s alright,” Dr. Stark says, because of course it’s Dr. Stark. Of course it’s the doctor who recently joined the practice and who Steve had seen in passing and who he might’ve looked up on the website, because he’s never been so viscerally attracted to someone before in his entire life. “I heard about the accident on the freeway and assumed you’d probably gotten stuck in it. I’m Tony Stark by the way. I’ll be standing in for Dr. Edwards.” He walks forward, extending his hand.“Yeah,” Steve breathes in a stunning display of intelligence, and fuck. The first impression he’s making by being late is already bad enough; he doesn’t need to make it worse. They meet near the middle of the room, and Steve shakes his hand, letting go quickly and refusing to think about how warm and firm Dr. Stark’s grip had been. “Sorry, I would’ve called,” he says and has to swallow—he’s salivating, like Dr. Stark is a steak he desperately wants to sink his teeth into, what the hell—”but my battery died,” because his soon-to-be-ex-best-friend had been playing games on it, “and I didn’t realize until it was too late.”“You’re fine,” Dr. Stark says, and maybe it’s his imagination, but it feels like he looks Steve up and down in a way that’s not purely professional. It’s probably just wishful thinking, though, so Steve doesn’t let it fluster him. “Or at least, that’s the goal. Now why don’t you tell me what’s going on. The nurse mentioned hot flashes and excessive slick production, is that right?”There’s no one else in the room, no one else in the entire office in all likelihood, and even if there were, it’s not like Dr. Stark is shouting or even using a loud voice. But it’s still shocking to hear him discuss Steve’s condition in a public space. That’s stupid, though, considering they’re alone, so Steve forces himself to ignore his embarrassment and says, “Yes. I’ve always been like clockwork with my heats,” he says, and he’s not going to be sad about the fact that he’s talking about his heats with Dr. Stark in a purely unsexual way, he’s not, “so this is really out of the ordinary for me.”“Hmm, well, there are actually a lot of things that can mess with a heat cycle, stress, not getting enough sleep, meeting someone highly compatible—” Dr. Stark laughs at the look Steve makes. “I know, I know, it sounds odd, but biology can be very powerful, and occasionally, the body wants something without any input from the brain. Sometimes, however, and it’s unlikely in your case, especially considering how young you are, but sometimes these symptoms can be an indication of something serious, so that’s why you’re here. Okay, why don’t we head into the back and get started? No need to keep either of us here any later than necessary.”“I really am so sorry about being late,” Steve says again as he follows Dr. Stark, because they’d probably be finished by now if Steve had been on time. He wipes at a few drops of water running down his forehead and tries not to think about what Dr. Stark had said about how meeting someone highly compatible could affect his heats. Yes, Steve had been in for his semi-annual exam a few weeks ago, and yes, he’d brushed against Dr. Stark once as they’d been going in opposite directions down the hallway, and yes, Steve has had a few … hazy … ish … thoughts about him since, but that couldn’t be enough to trigger anything. Could it?“Alright, so why don’t you take off your pants and underwear and lie down on the bed. There’s a sheet you can place across your lap, if you’d like. I’ll ju
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Medical Kink
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Situational Humiliation
Humiliation kink
Extremely Dubious Consent
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Medical Examination
Nipple Play
Object Insertion
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Steve Rogers
Dark Tony Stark
Naive Steve Rogers
Power Imbalance
Rape/Non-con Elements
Creepy Tony Stark
Rape/Non-con - Freeform
Manipulation
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Paging Dr. Stark
Forced Orgasm

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

