Chapter 1: Peter
    




Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes, on a day to day basis, liked to keep to himself. That didn’t mean he was a loner, or that he never ventured outside his apartment. He wasn’t, really. He was just rather introverted after the 70-or-so years of torture. He was allowed that. Steve certainly thought so, but Steve also thought he deserved everything. He didn’t, but he’d let Steve think so, if only because arguing with him would be a lot more effort than it was worth.So, when he made his way to Avenger’s Tower and up to the 95th floor, a Starbucks mocha in hand, it really shouldn’t have drawn so much attention. Really, it was like the world had stopped at his mere presence. At least half the room was gaping and no one seemed to dare move a muscle until Steve - of course - came over to greet him. “Hey, Buck,” he said, almost cautiously. Curious, Bucky thought, seeing as they lived with each other. “Didn’t think you were coming over today.” Or ever, he didn’t add, but Bucky knew Steve well enough to know exactly what he meant.“I was bored,” he said with a shrug, trying to keep the conversation going in hopes that someone else would inevitably take over and allow him to blend back into the background. He came around today to have some company, not to be the centre of attention. Honestly, he was about five seconds from turning back around and going home. He had a good book waiting for him; he didn’t need to be here. It had been more of a spur of the moment thing. Probably some mix of guilt over not seeing Steve’s friends often enough and the knowledge that he may have been acting like a bit of a recluse recently.He’d been out and about (with a plethora of limitations) in the free world for almost a year now, he didn’t really have an excuse. (Well, he did, as Steve kept reiterating, but it didn’t feel like it.)“You want to join us?” Bucky gave Steve a look that just said why else would I be here? and let Steve lead him over to the main area. Most of the Avengers were there: Natasha, Clint, Tony and Bruce. Thor, presumably, was in Asgard. There were a few additions too: Pepper Potts, a woman he’d never seen before and a child that was glancing frantically between him and Steve. Their arrangement, he now realised, was very deliberate, with the two strangers sat on one sofa opposite the hoard of superheroes on the other. Pepper, as diplomatic as ever, had taken to standing between them, just off to the side.Bucky stood opposite Pepper, Steve at his six, and took a large sip of his drink. That, somehow, seemed enough to knock them out of their stupor and finally, a few people seemed to recover from the sight of Bucky Barnes in the Avenger’s common room and went back to the matter at hand. “Peter, you gotta be sensible about this,” said Natasha. Her eyes were calm but something in them spoke volumes that Bucky couldn’t quite decipher yet.“I am!” The kid opposite argued, the woman’s arm firmly on his back. A show of support; clearly, something was wrong. “I wouldn’t be doing this if I wasn’t capable of doing it.”“Just because you’re able to doesn’t mean you should,” Tony sighed. He looked tired, his hand wiping tiredly over his face like this was the fifth time he’d had to reiterate this. It probably was.Finally, Bucky gave in to his curiosity and turned to Steve and asked, “what’s going on?”“That kid’s Spiderman. Tony was supporting him, thinking he was about eighteen. JARVIS found out yesterday he was fifteen. Tony went berserk, brought Peter in, found out who his family was.” Steve motioned to the woman. “That’s his Aunt May. She’s being supportive of him but I don’t think she wants this either. He lost his Uncle recently; she lost her husband. It’s a lot.” Bucky nodded calmly and reassessed the situation.They were still arguing, loudly.“I have the duty to do this! I have these abilities and I can’t just…” Peter fumbled for words, his hands doing some wild gesticulation that could have meant anything. “I have to do this, Mr Stark. It’s no different than it was before, now you just know a little more.”“You are fifteen-,”“I’ll be sixteen in a month!”“You think that makes a difference?”“A lot more things will be legal for me in a month.”“You really think being allowed to legally have sex means you should risk your life trying to take down criminals?”“That’s not what I-!” Peter blushed profusely, shaking his hair over his face to try and hide it but it was short and ineffectual, even with his eyes staring steadfastly at the floor.“Look, kid. I can’t stop you but I’m just putting it forward that I can’t support you anymore. No new suits unless they help your defence. No training unless its defence training. You’re in school, kid, make the most of it.”“Fine, I can do this myself.” In that moment, Bucky couldn’t help the snort. Because, really, that was a Steve line through and through; so stupidly defiant that Bucky couldn’t help the pervasive noise that left his mouth. Yet again, the whole room seemed to tur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes & Michelle Jones
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Michelle Jones & Wanda Maximoff
Michelle Jones & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Therapy
except really not
Angst and Humor
Angst and Feels
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Developing Friendships
Crack Treated Seriously
Grief/Mourning
has no regard for the timeline of the films
Uncle Steve Rogers
Uncle Bucky Barnes
except not really
Teacher Bucky Barnes
Anxiety
Bullying
Underage Drinking
Mild Gore
(it's literally like a line but still)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
so much so that you can't even really find canon anymore
a healthy dose of happiness
Fluff
Fluff and Crack
Found Family
Established Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
POV Multiple
Team as Family
Team Bonding
Team Dynamics
bucky barnes is soft
Soft Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes & Michelle Jones
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Michelle Jones & Wanda Maximoff
Michelle Jones & Steve Rogers

