Work Text:
When Steve first sees the website, he thinks it has to be a joke. One that, for the first few minutes or so, he has to admit he doesn’t find very funny. ---He’d always been what people would call a ‘good, wholesome boy’… Going on seventeen in just a few months, but he’ll have already graduated by then (an entire year early, since he’d skipped the tenth grade after it was concluded that he could already read, write, and score at a college level) – with a good, solid head on his shoulders and old-fashioned morals you just don’t see anymore these days.Steve has to fight the urge to roll his eyes every time he hears that. Because what they mean to say by that is simply, ‘he’s sixteen and still a virgin; he’s sixteen and has never had a real girlfriend.’ Everyone chops that up to him putting his academics first and keeping his sights on what really matters, and Steve just lets them. No point in gaining any unwanted sympathy by telling them that, no, it has nothing to do with that. He’s just always been invisible to the opposite sex, though not for lack of trying.And he may be a virgin in almost every sense of the word – hell, he’s never even gotten as far as French kissing with someone – but he’s not a saint. He just makes sure to do his personal business as secretively and discreetly as he can. He and his ma aren’t poor, but she has to work two jobs in order for them to live comfortably, and with saving for whatever college tuition isn’t being covered by his scholarship, Steve can only afford to give her so much of his earnings to pitch in. Because of that, they only have one laptop, shared between them both.So Steve makes sure to always erase his browser history whenever he’s done with it for the night. He checks it over meticulously to ensure he didn’t somehow manage to get any evidence on it. He knows his ma doesn’t assume Steve’s perfect – after all, she knows him just about better than anyone – but she is proud of all of his accomplishments and the fact that he’s never running around and getting himself into any trouble (save for the odd bloody noses or black eyes he’s come home with in the past due to his stubborn, noble need to stand up to bullies). So Steve likes to pretend that she’s none the wiser to his late night endeavours between him and his right hand.Steve assumes it’s like this for pretty much any guy his age – except that, and he does not mean this in any sort of endearing way, he also assumes that most other guys actually have someone else to fuck around with. He doesn’t, so… he feels pretty confident that he probably jerks off far more than normal people do (or should).His IQ is embarrassingly high, and Steve’s always prided himself in his spectacular memory, even if he’s humble about it if discussing it with others. His teachers like to congratulate him (way too often) on his nearly impeccable ability to remember historical dates, mathematical equations, scientific theories, logistics, or what-have-you. His family has always gushed over the way he could read music and then remember any song note-for-note on the piano, even as far back as when he was just a boy. And his friends – which, contrary to his non-existent number of aspiring partners-to-be, are many – always refer to him as ‘the walking phone book’. Tell him your phone number once and Steve will file it away in his brain forever.You know what else having a wicked memory is good for? Memorizing all of the best porn site URLs; the names of his favourite actors, or videos, or forums. Steve never needs to bookmark or write down a single one - which means, no risk of anyone needing to find out. Sure, Steve enjoys the classics, too, like Redtube or YouPorn, but over the past few years, he’s been able to discover some goldmines that, surprisingly, aren’t all that well known about.With his hormones, it admittedly doesn’t take much to set him off like a firecracker on his and Uncle Sam’s birthday, but he does have his preferences. For example, he likes cam videos over bright lights and staged stuff, intimate scenarios over hardcore smut, accidental, whispered moans over screams, and gay porn over hetero.That was something Steve had realized and come to accept over time – which, if he’s being honest with himself, had taken a while. He knows a lot of people who are gay, or bisexual, or the like. One of his friends at school is transgender. Steve’s always been one hundred percent supportive about the right to love whoever you love, or be whoever you were born to be and makes you happy. It’s just always felt a little different – scarier – when it’s happening to you. He still likes and feels attracted to girls; he just personally finds himself gravitating more towards guys. He identifies as bisexual, but only his close friends and his mother knows for the time being. The first person he ever told was Bucky.The thing about Bucky is that, in retrospect, Steve has absolutely no idea how he couldn’t have realized his sexuality sooner – give
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
cam-boy!Bucky
good-boy!Steve
Webcam AU
Webcams
Voyeurism
Porn
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
barely-legal!Bucky
Bucky's 18
Steve's almost 17
virgin!steve
Established Friendship
Pining
Mutual Pining
Anal Fingering
Hand Jobs
Masturbation
Dildos
Vibrators
Figging
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
Blow Jobs
Rimming
Anal
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
First Time
Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Swimming
Flirting
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Bucky has a Double Life
He makes dirty videos!
Fluff and Smut
Smut
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Porn Watching
Pornstars
Buck Me
Hey There Bucksters
camboy
Strip Tease
Stripping
Lapdance
Warning: NSFW GIFS/images at the end of the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

