Chapter 1





Chapter Text
This wasn’t how breakups were supposed to work. At least, to Steve they weren’t. Being in a relationship was new to him, but even he knew that once it was over, exes were not supposed to be doing what he was doing right now.Perhaps to Tony this was how breakups were supposed to go. Given his reputation for having a lot of relationships, this must be how he always ends them. But to Steve… sleeping together didn’t seem right.For a moment he forgets that their relationship is ending. It’s hard to think about anything else when Tony is currently pleasuring him in the best way possible. The feel of Tony inside of him is unlike Steve has ever experienced. He was going to miss this.“Ah fuck!” Steve cries out from a particular hard thrust from Tony. He arches his back, a loud moan slipping past his parted lips when Tony continues to move inside of him at an unforgiving pace.Tony groans and pulls Steve closer until their sweaty bodies are pressed up against each other. Steve tries to reach between them for his cock, only to pull back when Tony slaps his hand away.“You’re gonna cum like this,” Tony pants against his ear. He moves his hips harder, making sure to hit that spot inside of Steve with each thrust.“Tony!” Steve yells, arms wrapping around Tony’s neck and pulling him in for a heated kiss. Every moan and curse he emits is swallowed by Tony’s mouth. “Gonna-ah fuck-cum,” Steve says against Tony’s lips.Tony grunts above him. He can tell Steve is close, not just from his declaration, but by the way he clenches tightly around him. It brings Tony closer to the edge.“Me too. Fuck, Cap you feel so good,” Tony rasps, his voice thick with arousal. He’s so close.Steve topples over the edge first, back arching off the bed and screaming Tony’s name until his throat burns. Tony fucks him through it, not slowing down the pace of his hips. He thrusts three more times before he’s spilling inside of Steve.Tony pulls out and rolls over to lie beside Steve, completely spent from their round of fucking. “Fuck,” Tony pants, running his fingers through his already disheveled hair. “That was-remind me why we’re ending this?”“I don’t know,” Steve replies, his own voice just as breathy. He turns toward Tony, their eyes meeting. “Should we do this?”Tony lets out a heavy sigh and rolls over on his side, propping his head up on his elbow. “Steve, I-damn you’re so gorgeous,” Tony says, reaching out to stroke his thumb along Steve’s cheek. “God, I wish we worked.”“Me, too.” Steve nods in agreement.There was no denying the fact that they clashed over anything and everything. They shared more arguments and fights than they did kisses and hugs. The physical attraction was there, but everything else that came with a relationship was hard to achieve.“Why do you have to be so stubborn?” Tony smirks, leaning closer to brush his lips against Steve’s.Steve hums into the kiss. “Why do you?” he retorts, breaking the kiss for a second before connecting their lips again.Tony pulls away, another sigh escaping him. “I want to keep kissing you and maybe a few other things, but this isn’t really how this part is supposed to go. I think you’re the only one I’ve fucked after a breakup.”“I kind of figured that much. Guess we’re not good at having a relationship or ending it,” Steve says.“Yeah.” Tony smiles sadly. His thumb is still stroking along Steve’s face. He’s tempted to kiss him again, but he only knows that will lead to more and they’ve done enough. It was time for them to move on. “We can still-”“Be friends?” Steve finishes and Tony shrugs slightly. “I think we can do that right?”“I think so. I mean, we’ve kinda done it before. We can still save the world together. Just not…” Tony trails off. He knew breakups could be hard, but theirs was like nothing he’s ever experienced. It didn’t compare to the countless others he’s gone through in the past.“We can do it,” Steve assures with a small smile. Despite his best efforts to offer some sort of reassurance, he can’t help the sadness that laces his tone. He loved Tony, more than he probably should, but he keeps that to himself. They were never meant to fall in love.Not much is said between them after that. They both dress in silence, then Tony walks Steve out. There’s some awkwardness, and Steve can’t help but feel like this was how a breakup was supposed to go.“I’ll see you I guess.” Tony frowns at his own words. “Sorry, I don’t know what I’m supposed to say here. Usually, the other person is pissed off and throwing things at me.”Steve chuckles. “I won’t throw anything at you.”“You promise? I know how good you are with that shield.”“True. Don’t give me a reason to use it, Stark.”“You mean this wasn’t it?”Steve hesitates to answer the question. He would be lying if he said their breakup didn’t leave him confused and slightly bitter, but it wasn’t worth voicing his feelings if it meant jeopardizing a friendship with Tony. He’d rather have him as a friend, as a teammate, then not ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Not Canon Compliant
Mpreg
Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pregnant Steve Rogers
Steve doesn't know he's pregnant
men can have babies in this universe
Parent Steve Rogers
Parent Tony Stark
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Break Up
Post-Break Up
Break up sex
Smut
Breaking Up & Making Up
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Baby Peter Parker
Steve Feels
Hurt Steve Rogers
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
labor
Childbirth

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

