Chapter 1





Chapter Text

September 1964

Outside Chicago
Darcy Jo Lewis is thirteen years old and sulky when she meets her soul mate on a chilly fall afternoon. She is missing school in favor of being dragged from Wisconsin through Illinois to a family reunion in Michigan.Ugh, Detroit.She manages to slip away from her parents in a crowded roadside rest stop, making her way outside for some quiet to sulk about everything she's missing at home, but the quiet is interrupted by an odd pop, pop sound, which is followed almost immediately by a screech of tires and then a crash from the nearby state highway. Darcy, naturally curious and with a head full of Nancy Drew and Trixie Belden, darts toward the place where she'd heard the popping.
There is a man sitting behind a copse of bushes, disassembling a gun and tucking parts of it away into his clothing. She gasps, and he glances up at her with a sardonic half-smirk. "It's called a Dragunov,

кукла. Don't worry, I doubt you'll ever see one again."

Her hand flies to her chest, to the words written in hasty manuscript just above the incipient budding of her breasts. "Those are the words on my soul mark," she manages to say through numb lips. "I - I think you're my soul mate.""Impossible."By the time Darcy rejoins her parents a few minutes later, the police are beginning to arrive. Darcy's mother takes one look at her daughter and reaches out, gripping Darcy's hands. "Baby, what's the matter? What happened?"Darcy considers being stoic for a brief moment, and then, like the child she still is, she falls into her mother's arms and sobs out the whole story. How he was there, and how he had a gun, and how he said he didn't have a soul, and how he didn't want her, and how he walked away and left her there, alone.

By the time she's done talking, someone who overheard has alerted the police that there's a girl inside the rest stop with information, and she finds herself, not much later, sitting between her parents in an interview room at the local police station, explaining about the shooter to an older man with an expression of rude disbelief on his face. She draws a diagram - not a very good one, because she's not much of an artist - to show where the shooter - 


her soul mate 


- was sitting to the side of the building. The investigator looks at the drawing, then looks back at her, and he sneers something about kids with overactive imaginations, and Darcy knows, she 


knows


 she shouldn't do it, but she just can't stop herself.

She reaches up and grabs the neck of her shirt and pulls it down far enough to reveal the stark black lettering that runs beneath her collarbone. "Is this enough proof for you, asshole?""Darcy!" her father exclaims. "Language!""Sorry, Dad," Darcy mutters, releasing her shirt and smoothing it back into place.The investigator steps out of the room; a few minutes later, a different one comes in. He takes Darcy's statement this time with an obvious, and gratifying, air of seriousness, and when she's done, he reaches out and pats her hand, managing not to seem condescending as he does so. "I'm really sorry about this," he says to her, his voice sympathetic. "It's very hard to be rejected by a soul mate, and to find out your soul mate isn't a good person, and you've held up really well under the circumstances. Thank you for this information. Hopefully we'll find him soon.""Thank you," she says softly.The new investigator, a tall man with limp white-blond hair and watery gray eyes, looks over at her father. "Will you be continuing on your trip tonight? It's just that we need a way to get in touch with you if we find this man; we might need her to identify him."Her father shakes his head. "We're going to stay in town tonight, since it's late and it's been a trying sort of afternoon. We'll be going on to Wisconsin tomorrow, but I'll leave phone numbers where we can be reached." He pauses. "You wouldn't happen to know a decent motel around here, would you?"The blond man gives her father the name of a nearby motor court that he promises is very nice, and takes the contact information that her father gives him, and then they leave. Darcy sits in the back seat, staring blankly out the window, while her father navigates to the motel. It's starting to sink in: she met her soul mate today. She doesn't know his name. He's apparently a murderer. What does that say about her? She grows quieter and quieter as the evening wears on, and after several unsuccessful attempts at getting her to talk, her parents give up and they all go to bed.Darcy lies in her bed, listening to her parents settle down in their bed, and stares into the darkness. She doesn't really want to sleep because every time she closes her eyes, she sees his face shuttering when she tells him that she thinks he's her soulmate. She feels the tears she's been fighting back all day start to fill her eyes.Outside, she hears a church tower clock strike midnight. She hears a car drive across the par
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Dark
Violence
Red Room
Brainwashing
Hydra (Marvel)
Dubious Consent Due To Identity Issues
Other: See Story Notes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

