Chapter 1: Still Worthy
    




Chapter Text

At the urging of Senator Steve Rogers, the Senate has passed the A/B/O Business Act, which will require any business to retain an Alpha of any gender as either CEO or CFO. This controversial measure has been signaled as a display of dominance by many critics. Congressman Sam Wilson praised the bill, calling it a true display of bipartisanship, going on record to state that this bill will allow further integration of designations to achieve harmony across party lines.

President Thaddeus Ross intends to sign the bill into law this afternoon. Stay tuned for more updates, starting at 4 PM.
 “We are so screwed.”My eyes lifted to my assistant Jimmy’s horrified face after he bleated out his comment. His mouth was hidden by his fingers, his thumb pressing into his cheek. His leg shook back and forth in a furious tempo, before he shifted in his chair, fingers flying over the keyboard of his cell phone. I muted the TV, making sure we both sat in miserable silence together.The small chime of the intercom pulled my attention away for a moment. I held my breath in wait for what was to come.“Miss Munroe, Miss Romanoff is on her way to see you.”I held down the PTT button with a sigh of relief.“Wonderful,” I replied.The news had soured my good mood. I knew deep down it was going to pass legislation but watching it live felt like a punch to the gut. Senator Rogers had been pushing that bill for over a year and he was relentless.Natasha knocked twice before she let herself in, opting to sit back on the black leather couch in the back of my office, kicking off her nude Aquazurra pumps. Her silence wasn’t comforting. As long as I’ve known her, she’s never held back from her opinions.“The board is calling an emergency meeting.”My eyes snapped in her direction at the statement. This was not the news I expected to hear.“It’s not unheard of. Especially in light of the news,” she offers, giving me a sympathetic look. “I was hoping it wasn’t going to be signed, actually. Kind of surprised.”Natasha picked herself up from the couch and began to pace. Jimmy rose from his chair; phone pressed to his ear with a look of worry before he saw himself out.“Where’s he going?”I stretched back in my chair, leaning my shoulders back against the plush leather to hear a satisfying pop of relief.“Who knows? He’s been on edge since this bill started to gain traction,” I answered.A notification popped up on my Mac, inviting me to the board meeting that was happening in less than fifteen minutes. I let out a hiss of annoyance.“Might as well get it over with,” Natasha suggests. “Rip it off like a band aid.”My father had built this firm from the ground up and now the reins of the company were in my hands. Well, used to be. Robotic engineering had been his passion, aiming to help those coming back from the depths of war to find a sense of normalcy. A veteran himself, the company had a long tradition of hiring those who had served - a rule that I had happily continued. He’d served with General Ross in two tours and counted him as a great friend. Which is why the gut punch was still nagging at my nerves.I shrugged into my suit jacket, Natasha rifling through her phone to make sure she wasn't missing anything on her calendar.“Drinks on me when you get back,” she called behind me before the door closed. I pushed open the heavy oak doors for the conference room, ready to hear what opinions they had on the topic. I settled into the chair, watching Brock Rumlow unbutton and button his navy Tom Ford suit jacket. He stole a glance at me and then back toward Clint Barton, who was pouring himself a glass of water. Under the circumstances, this not out of the ordinary. Except on the TV that was mounted on the wall, a ticker scrolled slowly with the announcement of the bill, reminding me why I was here.Roll call was quick. There were only four of us in the room: Rumlow, Clint Barton and Scott Lang. All three installed by my father and his friends. War bonds ran deep. The light on the data pad was a solid red, indicating this was live.Great.Rumlow cleared his throat before he began.“Thank you all for being here, either in person or on teleconference. This is a historic day, so to speak and I’m sure you’re all aware that for over fifty years, we had the privilege of having Mr. David Munroe as our CEO, an Alpha himself. After his passing and with this no doubt significant announcement, I move that we be proactive and comply with the new law. We would like to put a vote for a new CEO today.”Blood rushed to my cheeks in anger. Three sets of eyes were on me, waiting to see how I would react. Not giving them the satisfaction, I gave a simple nod of my head while I heard papers rustling from the other end of the call.Barton spoke up."Before we proceed, are there any questions?"A voice inquired through the speaker. “Miss Munroe, you currently are President of Munroe Tech. You are an Omega, is that correct?”“That is my designation,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
BAMF Pepper Potts
Steve and Sam Get a Redemption Arc Eventually
Slow Burn
Angst
Protective Natasha Romanov
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Scenting
Scent Kink
Precious Peter Parker
Jimmy Woo - Freeform
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Bro Thor
Sexy Time with Thor
Oral Sex
Smut
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bites
Mating Bond
Dominance
Rough Sex
Arguing
Dom Bucky Barnes
Mentions of Pregnancy
Blackmail
Nipple Play
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Sam Wilson Needs a Hug
Plot Twists
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Small Mention of Scott Summers
I Will Go Down With This Ship
Eventual Smut
Bucky has a filthy mouth
Tony Stark is a Villain in This FYI
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Orgasm Denial
Alternate Universe
Original Female Character(s) - Freeform
But Also Hints of Who It Could Be
Politics
Some Fluff Because I'm Not a Monster
X-Men References
Aviation
Some tropes
Explicit Language
Car Sex
I'm Bad At Tagging
I'm Bad At Summaries
BDSM
Breeding Kink
Due to A/B/O Dynamics Tagging Dub-Con
Manipulation
Sexual Harassment

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

