Chapter 1



Notes:
TRIGGERWARNING!Suicidal thoughts and mentions of death as well as a panic attack. You have been warned.




Chapter Text
Cream colored walls. Flickering fluorescent lights hissing in the ceiling. The stench of a full building and all closed windows reeked through the hallways. Prison. Not jail, prison. There was no bail, no getting out in sight. You felt the walls creeping closer from the moment you stepped foot in this place, caging you in. As if you weren’t already caged in. The officer, Bell, you gathered from the stitching on her shirt, led you by the arm towards the check-in. Her grip was a nice medium between sweet and ‘don’t even think about it’. She was a burly woman, a redhead with an attitude and jersey accent. She hadn’t wasted her breath on anything other than what she was obliged to say, speeding through the process to get to her lunch break, you guessed by the time. Most noticeable was that she didn’t pay attention to you like people on the outside did. No ‘how are you feeling’ or ‘it’s gonna be okay’. You were an inmate, nothing more. It scared you. Emptied you somehow. It truly was a hollowing feeling.You passed through the front quickly, though your body was stiff as a board the entire time. The dreaded strip-search had gone by with only a gasp from the officer at the sight of your body before she checked herself, and kept her tone as wooden and clear-cut as with everything else. She made no comment on it, nor did her eyes linger on certain parts more than others. Your discomfort must have been prominent throughout, the trembles, the flinches and the frightful expression painted all over your face. If she noticed, she made no remark. A sigh of relief escaped you afterwards, thankful that the officer was the way she was. You preferred this to overly shocked and interrogating to get the story. The story your mind never wanted to linger on.You were handed your shoes and washed-out khakis along with two towels with soap and shampoo, and headed towards the B-dorm where you were assigned a bunk straightaway with a small, quiet girl who skimmed out of there at the sight of the CO. You were the only inmate being processed today so it made the run-through fast.“Alright, Harper,” officer Bell bellowed, and all but shoved you into the shared space. “That’s your bunk, keep it clean and well-made, let the other inmates show you how it’s done. That right there is your locker and those are your hooks. Keep it tidy, keep it clean and you’ll stay out of trouble. You’ll meet your counselor after lunch which is in an hour, follow the herd and I’m sure you’ll find it,” she said, turning around the corner before ending the sentence. This was it. This was not what was supposed to happen. This was not how you’d be free. The ending of years and years of abuse was not supposed to end with you in prison for murder. But it had. You shouldn’t have picked up that knife. You should have just stayed down, and let him kill you.  O.o.O.o.OThe correctional officers Steve Rogers and James ‘Bucky’ Barnes paced the hallways, heading towards the cafeteria. They had heard the news of your little escapade, and your arrival at the prison, not believing it for a second to be self-defense. For them, it was personal. 

To you, your stepbrother Nate had been an abuser, a rapist, a sadist and a monster. To them, he was a colleague, almost calling him a friend. A friendly drink sometimes after work, sharing an interest in motorcycles, enjoying the correctional part of the job more than anything else. 

So, when the news hit that CO Nate Millers had met his demise at the hands of his younger stepsister, the cops calling it a horrible homicide, their hatred for you had been ignited. The fact of the odds of you affectively killing him, should you had planned it, being stacked against you didn’t seem to faze them in their mission for justice. Despite your small stature, lithe and in comparison, weak form, you were nothing more than a murdering piece of shit insect to be crushed beneath their boots.  “Think she’s here yet?” Bucky asked as he looked around the loud and crowded cafeteria. Steve did the same. “No,” he said. “She’s a newt. The newts are always slackin’.”  O.o.O.o.OYou wandered the hallways in hopes of finding the cafeteria if you just followed the crowd, like CO Bell had recommended. You must have looked like a scared rabbit peeking out of its hole to see if the hunter was gone, looking worriedly past corners and being spooked by the smallest movement. “You look lost,” a soft voice said. 

You all but jumped out of your skin right there. You turned around at the sound, being met by a small, slim bodied woman with short, thin blonde hair. You looked down at the tag hanging from her neckline; Jones. She was the embodiment of friendliness. You exhaled, shoulders inching down from your ears.“Oh, hi, hi,” you started. She smiled back at you, patiently waiting for you to continue. “Um, I’m look-looking for the cafet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Brock Rumlow/Reader
Brock Rumlow/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Explicit Sexual Content
Dark!Steve
Dark!Bucky
Prison
officer!Steve
Officer!Bucky
Prison guards - Freeform
Litchfield Prison
Reader Is An Inmate
Prison Guard Steve
Prison Guard Bucky
OFC/reader - Freeform
Original Female Character(s) - Freeform
Angst
Hurt
Suicidal Thoughts
Depression
PTSD
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Orange is the New Black References
reader is hurt!
reader is orginal character
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
Flashbacks
Rape by Steve
Rape by Bucky
Dark Steve Rogers
Dark Bucky Barnes
Guard Steve
Guard Bucky

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Brock Rumlow/Reader
Brock Rumlow/Original Female Character(s)

