Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter felt… wrong.He had been patrolling as usual, despite the relative slowness of the night, and was perched on the top of the Skyline Tower when it began, a niggling, prickling, sensation at the back of his neck. It was different somehow from the tingling of his spidey senses, it was hotter, more urgent, something inescapable and overwhelming.He felt sick, almost like he had the flu, flushed and sweaty, and his stomach was cramping near unbearably. Something was undoubtedly wrong, and it wasn’t like he could go to May, or any normal doctor, so instead, he set his sights on Avengers Tower, swinging himself there as fast as his weak body would allow.By the time Peter reached the helipad, he could hardly stand on his own two feet, retracting the suit to reveal the shorts he was wearing underneath, before collapsing onto the roof. He was breathing shakily, whole body trembling at the sudden influx of smells and sensations he was faced with after removing his only barrier from the outside world.His senses were normally dialed up to eleven, but now? They were off the charts.“Friday? Where- where’s Mr. Stark?” Something in him was screaming for the nurturing presence of the older Omega, certainly he could figure out whatever was wrong with Peter.“Mr. Stark is currently on a mission with most of the other Avengers- would you like me to call him for you?” “No, no thank you Fri-“ Peter stuttered out, “Is there anyone else in the Tower?”“Dr. Banner is in his lab, and Sergeant Barnes is in the gym.”Peter groaned, dragging himself to his feet on shaking limbs. His best bet was going to see Dr. Banner, but that meant somehow making it all the way down to his basement lab, a feat which now seemed impossible. Still, he began to stumble his way to the elevator, shaky and unstable.The normally short journey seemed to take ages instead of minutes, but he was finally in Bruce’s lab, stumbling his way towards the now concerned Beta.“Peter?” He questioned, worry laced through his tone, “What’s wrong? Are you hurt?”The boy tried to reply, but when he opened his mouth, all that escaped was a pained groan. The Beta rushed forward, wrapping an arm around his trembling shoulders and hauling him towards the couch pushed against one wall of the lab. Peter practically collapsed into the cushions, looking blearily and confused up at Bruce.Before he could even begin to speak, to explain the strange flush that had overtaken his body, the elevator dinged, and Bucky came tumbling out.He was wild eyed and harried, striding hastily through the lab only to pull up short at the sight of Peter. “They aren’t back yet?” He questioned, confusion plainly lacing his tone. When Bruce shook his head in the negative, Bucky merely grunted, brow furrowing, before staring at Peter and blatantly scenting the air. Peter, for his part, felt the warmth within himself rapidly building, quickly reaching a boil as the Alpha approached. Bucky’s brow furrowed, eyes narrowing in concentration as he stared at Peter, the attention making his skin prickle in awareness.“You’re in heat,” Bucky stated, voice strained as he locked eyes with Peter.It was like his world came to a standstill. It made sense, if he thought about the experience as something separate from himself, he was seventeen, old to present but not quite outside the realm of possibility, and, fuck, Bucky smelled amazing.The Alpha was pacing back and forth, now, arms crossed behind his back. He held his vibranium wrist with his right hand, fingers flexing with the effort of restraining himself. From what? Peter wasn’t sure.Then it hit him. Sergeant Barnes is an Alpha. And Peter… Peter was an Omega. In heat. Bruce spoke up finally, hesitant and unsure of the situation, but undeniably aware of the tension in the room, “Do you… Do you have someone we could call?”Peter shook his head slowly, “I don’t… know any Alphas.” He couldn’t help but make eye contact with Bucky as he finished his statement, slowly realizing the inevitable outcome of the situation he found himself in. The thing is he did know Alphas, just… only Avengers. He knew Bucky, of course, and Steve and Natasha and Thor, but only Bucky was here, and that wasn’t possibly something he could ask of him, no matter how much he wanted to.The truth is, he would love to ask Bucky to help him through his heat. He’d love to ask Steve, too, for that matter- but he knew they were mated, so that… just isn’t an option.As it turns out, though, he wouldn’t have to ask at all.“I-“ Bucky began hesitantly, tone gruff and uncertain, “I could… help you. If that’s somethin’ you’d want.”Peter’s heart stuttered in his chest. Did he just…?“Wh-what about Captain Rogers, though?” Peter asked- he knew what the two Alpha’s had been through to reunite with one another, mated despite the untraditional nature of their relationship, and he was hesitant to do anything to interfere with that.“Stevie won’t mind,” Bucky replied with a smirk, fully unrestrain
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Alpha/Omega
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Peter Parker
Beta Bruce Banner
(mentioned) - Freeform
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Self-Lubrication
mild dubcon
(Because of Heat/ABO Dynamics- See Author's Note)
first heat
presenting
Peter is 17
Knotting
Come Inflation
Double Anal Penetration
Double Penetration
Threesome - M/M/M
Dirty Talk
Unrealistic Relationship Progression
Mating Bites
Implied Mpreg
Plot? Barely
Anal Fingering
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Loss of Virginity
NSFW Art
(chapter 2)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

