Work Text:
The Asset vaulted over the dizzying gap between buildings without a second guess, his boots striking the concrete of the adjacent building without slowing down.  The mission had been unambiguous, and this was one of the few times it had required two separate attempts to successfully bring down his target.  His handler would not be pleased by the time it had taken him to eliminate Nick Fury.  Already he was pushing the allotted time frame, but now, even worse, he was being pursued.  

Instead of taking the leap to the next building, the metal fingers of his left hand caught the ledge of the building and he swung himself down to the fire escape, taking the rickety metal stairs a landing at a time before hitting street level and taking to the maze of alleyways.

Inhumanly fast, he rounded corners, kicking off of walls and hurdling trashcans and derelicts in his path that he hoped would slow and ultimately lose the man who seemed to miraculously be able to keep pace with him.  As was typical, he was supposed to disappear after the target was eliminated.  His pursuer was not a part of his mission, and it would be a breach of the Rules to lead him back to his handler, which was the final leg of his current mission parameters.  But there was a contingency plan; there was always a contingency plan - not that the Asset could recall the specifics of his previous missions, but there were certain things like the Rules that stayed with him between wipes.  Facts as second-nature to the Winter Soldier as how to fire a gun or hand to hand combat techniques.  There was a safe house - an old Hydra warehouse that had been used for development that would contain a cache of weapons more appropriate than a sniper rifle for close quarters combat. It would be discrete and allow him to confront his pursuer without drawing civilian attention.   And best case scenario, he lost him before he made it there, and could lay low for a few hours before seeking out his handler.   The bright, clean parts of the city had long since fallen away as the Asset ran tirelessly, taking deceptive routes through abandoned buildings and using parkour to move quickly and hopefully leave his pursuer behind.  He hadn't heard footsteps behind him for a good several minutes when he rounded the final corner and tapped in the code that he couldn't even remember how he knew into a neglected-looking keypad outside a nondescript metal door.  The Hydra safehouse was in a squalid part of the warehouse district, and everything about the building screamed neglect.  What the Asset wasn't prepared for was that, when he did dash inside and shoulder the door closed, the warehouse really did seem neglected within.  Lights slowly flickered on as he flicked a switch, but there was a staleness in the air.  More than a few secure panels on the walls had been left open, the safes empty, although there were scattered large crates with obscure numbers painted on the sides that lined towering shelving units.    Slowly, he prowled his way down an aisle, eyes raking over the containers.  If there had been a weapon cache here, it was gone now.  He must have been operating on outdated information.  

Just when the Asset was beginning to think he had shaken his pursuer, the sound of a window shattering signaled someone's approach.  He could hear the shield slicing through the air before he even turned his head, and he ducked with superhuman reflexes when he felt the disturbance of the airflow lift the hairs on the back of his neck.  The vibranium shield missed him by mere inches as best, crashing loudly into one of the old crates stacked in the long-abandoned warehouse.  Splintered wood and broken glass fragments spilled over the floor along with packing straw and sticky, slick translucent blue liquid that leaked from a group of broken vials.

Standing several yards away was the same man, his jaw set in anger and disbelief - sweat gleaming off his face and his white shirt glued to his torso.  He charged the asset full on at a dead run - going in for a tackle.   There was no more point in avoidance or evasion.  While this man was not his target, he had proven himself to be a threat to the mission.  He had given him every chance within the parameters of the Rules, but the line had been crossed.  The Asset braced himself, prepared to face the blonde head-on.  He wasn't prepared for the sheer momentum as his pursuer collided into him with the force of a truck, knocking him off of his feet and hard onto his back on the debris-riddled concrete floor.  The two men slid over the floor, knocking over a few more crates as they struggled.  The viscous blue liquid that pooling over the floor had a sweet, almost intoxicating smell, stinging their nostrils and eyes.  The Soldier's muscles tightened, metallic left arm swooping around for a lock around the athletic waist of the broad-shouldered man pinning him.  He simultaneously reached down for his knife with his other hand, flicking it o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Aphrodisiacs
Drug-Induced Sex
Dubious Consent
Rough Sex
Fight Sex
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Implied/Referenced Torture
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Switching
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Power Play
Barebacking
Violence
Sassy Steve Rogers
Memory Loss
Amnesia
Identity Porn
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

