Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The chair is squeaking.It's subtle, at first, so Steve thinks maybe he's imagining things as he sits there. Twisting back and forth. Back and forth. Back and forth. And…yeah. It's worse now. The squeak. Probably on account of the twisting. But also: the chair is one million and five years old (carbon-dated), covered in threadbare fabric with the beige padding beneath peeking through in places. Theoretically, the back is adjustable, and maybe it was once, thirty or forty years ago, when it rolled off the line. Now, it is a dinosaur, lumbering through its final days, resolutely refusing to provide even the smallest bit of comfort to its owner.Still, it has never squeaked before. The squeak is novel. Fresh. Exciting. Marking this day above all days as momentous and important. Except that's a lie. No day is exciting when it's spent sitting behind a counter. Especially this nondescript ivory counter, which spans the length of the credit union in which he works. So boring they haven't even bothered with bulletproof glass—who'd want to rob this place, with its worn linoleum and understaffed interior? The pension checks and costume jewelry tucked into safe deposit boxes wouldn't be worth the effort.Steve doesn't hate his job. There are worse places to work in the world, and in some strange way, the credit union feels like home. Because it's the same credit union his mother, Sarah, has been using since the early nineties. Since the year he turned four, and she finished nursing school, receiving her diploma, her first job, and a brand new checking account in one fell swoop. Things haven't changed much in the intervening years. Sure, Sarah's worked her way up from bedpans to charge nurse for an ICU, but she still works a lot of nights. Still scrimps and saves. Still as proud of every paycheck as she was of that very first one.He remembers that day—how it had felt to hold her hand, to walk through the double glass doors, to see the row of tellers sitting behind the counter, waiting to take that oh-so-miraculous piece of paper that bestowed money upon its bearer.These days, Steve’s till is usually the only one open. The hospital—along with most other businesses—switched to direct deposit quite some time ago.Which, honestly, is fine with him. Being the lone guy behind the desk during the week means more hours, and more hours means that he has more money to put toward his loans. Paying off that oh-so-illustrious B.F.A. any way he can. It's not that he doesn't want bigger and better for himself—he had some cool internships, and he'd even had the lead on a corporate design job his senior year. But that had fizzled into nothing, in the end, as had the rest of his career aspirations. A topic on which he prefers not to dwell. It's not as if everyone in his graduating class went on to fame and fortune, but he's willing to bet that most of them have chairs that don't squeak.It could be worse, though. Sure, the job is tedious, and nobody save pensioners and kids opening their first savings accounts really come in, but it’s steady. And hey, sometimes people who haven’t been to a bank in years show up with one of those in-person requests like old savings bonds. Then, he gets to look up how to do things in the big binders with the cracked spines that sit beneath his station.This morning, though, they've been open for an hour, and the only person he's seen is his boss, Mia, who generally stays in her office and leaves Steve to his own devices. She handles the fascinating and vital things like loan applications, obviously. Steve likes her a lot—she's the one who hired him, remembering him as a "good kid" that she could trust to be honest. Steve is nothing if not that—to a fault, sometimes—but he appreciates Mia's faith. There isn't a lot of neighborly feeling left in Brooklyn, so he'll take what he can get.While Steve is contemplating whether or not his chair could survive a full three-sixty spin, the bell above the door chimes. Seconds later, Mrs. Washington totters her way in, cane in one hand and a manila envelope in the other. Because it's the second Tuesday of the month, and on the second Tuesday of the month, Mrs. Washington deposits her rent checks. Rain or shine, every time, in her sensible patent leather pumps with a face full of makeup and a colorful scarf knotted about her neck.“Good morning, Mrs. Washington,” he greets, straightening up."Steve," she replies, bypassing the nylon ropes that have been set up to corral the theoretical hordes to directly approach the counter. She opens her envelope to retrieve two checks, along with a scrupulously filled-out deposit slip.“Looks like everyone paid on time this month,” he says, beginning the process of pulling up her account.“Had to lean on the newlyweds.” She rests her now-free hand on the counter, flashing a pearly white smile no doubt made for her in a dental lab. “Their lease is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Meet-Cute
Amnesiac Bucky Barnes
Sort Of
Memory Loss
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Boxing & Fisticuffs
Comic Book Violence
Falling In Love
Explicit Sexual Content
Dom/sub Undertones
Accidental Plot
Homophobic Language
From a villain
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Because I'm sure I forgot some

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

