Chapter 1: Heartache
    




Chapter Text
Gravesen Hospital was supposed to be one of the best in the country. He should probably be grateful that he had the privilege to be treated here by such renowned doctors. But he could be at the finest medical facility in the universe and he'd still hate it. No sixteen-year-old could ever rejoice at the prospect of living out the foreseeable future in a hospital.
Well, it's not like he had a choice when his own heart couldn't even do its only damn job. Some mix-up in his genetic code resulted in wacky cardiac muscle cells—thanks Mom and Dad. He'd managed to stay outpatient for a bit by adhering strictly to his medication and lifestyle regimen. But regular exercise and a low-sodium diet could only get him so far when his heart was determined to retire early. And now his heart's rhythms were apparently chaotic and unpredictable enough to necessitate him being in close proximity to a resuscitation team at all hours, hence the admittance to Gravesen.
His mom was a wreck, absolutely terrified that this was the beginning of a pitifully short road to the end of his life. But he couldn't find it in himself to contemplate the possibility of death when his primary concern was uprooting his life at home and settling here in this ridiculously sterile environment filled with sick strangers. Once he knew where he stood among his peers here, maybe then he could worry about not living to see adulthood.
A nurse who introduced himself as Happy—stupid name, right? Must be a nickname, no way would a parent legally name their child after an impermanent emotion—showed him into what would be his room for God-knows-how-long. It was despairingly plain, as hospital rooms were wont to be. Luckily, he brought enough from home to make it feel less like it belonged to nobody and more like it actually belonged to him. His parents helped him unpack, and he completed the decor by lining his stuffed animals up neatly at the foot of the bed (yes, he had stuffed animals, go ahead and laugh) and slapping an AC/DC poster up on the wall. He dusted his hands together in finality and sat down on the bed—he was short of breath from light housework for God's sake! His mom hugged him goodbye, promising to come back tonight after work to check on his progress adjusting. He watched her and Dad leave with a sad detachment, wondering what sort of news he'd have to share with them when they eventually returned.
He fidgeted with the patient identification bracelet around his wrist and lost himself in his thoughts. Another nurse, this one called Peggy, entered shortly after his parents left to hook him up to the heart monitor that would become his constant companion. He took off his T-shirt and stoically allowed her to place the familiar electrodes across his chest. Though part of him hated the inconvenience, he couldn't help but appreciate that people would be notified immediately if his rhythm fell out of whack—more out of whack than his norm of 'pretty damn whack.' He didn't fidget, but sensed that Peggy was the type who would scold him for that and glare at him until he cooperated. He hoped there was at least one fun nurse here; if he spent his days with only Happy and Peggy he might get to add depression to his list of ailments.
She left promptly upon finishing her duty, leaving him once again alone with his roiling emotions. He wondered what life would be like here, as a permanent resident in a hospital and not just someone passing through until they get better. Most people came in here sick, started getting treatment for whatever-it-was, and started to get better. Some days they'd regress a little and get worse, but a team of doctors would fight back and get them moving in the right direction again. But he couldn't get better here. There was no medicine or simple in-and-out operation they could do to fix his failing heart. He was here to make sure he didn't die before his only chance of long-term survival arrived in a starkly labeled cooler. A new heart was his only way out. Too bad they didn't sell those at the hospital gift shop.
He sighed, considering taking a nap, but was roused from his thoughts by a knock on the door. "Come in," he directed, assuming it would be another nurse here to check his blood pressure or some other random routine thing. But he was surprised to find another boy about his age standing in the doorway. Was this the previous occupant of this room, here to wish him luck in his stay here? Or some hired "youth interpreter" in charge of showing people his age the ropes so that an adults wouldn't have to cope with attitude or hormonal moodiness? He considered both of these possibilities, but the oxygen cannula draped across his face and the IV pole he held beside him suggested the visitor was merely another patient here.
"I'm Steve," he introduced. "Steve Rogers."
"What are you doing here?"
"Peggy told me there was a new arrival. I thought I'd show you around and introduce you to people."
"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Hospital
Teen Avengers
Kid Avengers
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Tony Stark Has A Heart
major character illness
Cancer
cystic fibrosis
Surgery
Domestic Avengers
Mentions of Character Death
Eating Disorders
Epilepsy
Seizures
Anxiety
Mental Illness
Fluff
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Alternate backstories
Medical Realism
Medical Procedures
Chronic Illness

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

