Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
  
Part One 

 
Tony Stark smiled as he felt warm arms slip around his neck, petite hands settling over his heart and arc-reactor. “What are you looking at?” Pepper hummed in his ear. “Just viewing the latest YouTube clip of the Spiderling vigilante,” Tony said, eyes never leaving the Stark Tablet in his hands. “What has he done this time?” Pepper asked. “On today’s vigilante swing,” Tony tapped at the screen, pressing play on the video. “He rescued a stray dog about to be hit by a car.” Pepper watched as the blue and red figure swung down in the front of a car, the horn blaring loudly, and scooped the dog up with his free arm, just before the car came speeding past. The one they were calling Spider-Man landed lightly on the sidewalk, putting the dog down safely. She watched as the blue and red vigilante patted the dogs head before he was shooting a web at the nearest building and swinging away. “Amazing,” Pepper said softly. “That tensile strength of that webbing is off the charts,” Tony shook his head lightly. “I wonder if they’re the manufacturer of it or if they’re getting it from somewhere else.” Pepper placed a kiss on her husband’s cheek. “You could ask him.” “I’m going to have to,” Tony sighed. “What do you mean?” Pepper asked. “Fury wants to know who this guy is,” Tony said. “He’s starting to make a big name for himself and you know Fury, he likes to know everything about everyone. Especially when they are enhanced like the Spiderling appears to be.” “He saved a dog from being hit by a car,” Pepper pointed out. “I don’t think he’s dangerous.” “Fury thinks he could be Avenger material,” Tony switched the tablet to sleep mode and settled back into his wife’s embrace. “I disagree solely on the onesie he’s wearing.” Pepper chuckled. The suit the vigilante was clearly a handmade costume. Whoever the vigilante was, they were obviously on a budget. “Boss, the FBI are calling,” FRIDAY’s voice filtered through the workshop. Pepper frowned, pulling back from Tony’s shoulder’s, allowing her husband to spin around on her stool. She raised a brow at his confused expression. “What did you do now?” Tony scoffed. “I didn’t do anything. How do I know they’re not calling about you?” Pepper smirked. “Because I would never get caught.” Tony mirrored her smirk, sneaking an arm around her waist. “Patch them through FRIDAY.” “Mr Stark. This is Agent Williamson from the FBI.” Both Pepper and Tony froze as the man introduced himself. The name was one they knew well but had not been one they were expecting to hear from for another few months. “What can I do for you, Agent Williamson?” Tony asked, arms tightening around his wife’s waist, his voice steadily controlled. “Mr Stark, my apologies for calling so early,” Agent Williamson said. “It’s fine,” Tony said. “What can I do for you?” “My office was alerted when a fingerprint was run through our system yesterday,” Agent Williamson said, always getting straight to the point. “Mr. Stark, the fingerprint was a match to your sons, Peter Stark.” Pepper’s hands flew to her mouth, Tony’s tight grip on her waist the only thing keeping her upright. She locked eyes with her husband, watching as the blood drained from his face and his lips became a thin line. Eleven years ago, while Tony had been kidnapped and trapped in a cave by a group of terrorists for three months, Pepper had been left alone with their three-year-old son Peter. To her horror and devastation, Peter had been taken in the dead of the night. While Rhodey searched for her husband, Pepper and Happy had worked with the FBI to find their son. Tony had been returned to her, harmed, injured but alive but they had never found Peter. As it came to light that it had been Obadiah who had been the one to orchestrate Tony’s kidnapping and Peter’s, the man had never given up their son’s location before he died. They had poured over Stane’s files, but the man hadn’t left a trace. That had not stopped Pepper and Tony from using all their available resources into finding their son, including SHEILD but they had never uncovered where he was.   “Are you positive?” Tony managed to choke out. “We brought in the boy for some questioning last night and to run a blood sample against the one you provided us,” Agent Williamson said.  “Are you available to come to the FBI?” “We’ll be there in ten,” Tony said before he had FRIDAY end the call. “Peter,” Pepper whispered, tears spilling down her cheeks. “Tony.” Tony buried his face in Pepper’s stomach, clutching her tightly. He took a few steadying breaths, trying to get his thoughts in order but he couldn’t get past the constant stream that they had found his son. Pepper’s fingers found their way into his hair, gently brushing through the strands. He shuddered, pulling back and swallowing hard. He stood, gently cupping his wife’s face and wiped away her tears. He kissed her forehead before pulling back. “You get the picture of Peter and I’ll get Happy to me
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Family Feels
Avengers Family
Peter is a Little Shit
Protective Tony Stark
Protectiveness
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Not Canon Compliant
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Freeform
civil war never happened
Peter Parker is Pepper Potts's Biological Child
Vomiting
Sensory Overload
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
Completed
Flash Thompson Redemption

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

