Work Text:

"Stop the engines, Iron Man! Someone is out there!"The sharp note of Thor's voice pulled Tony out of his concentration on the instrument panel and his fingers flew across the controls before he glanced out the port to see what had the other Avengers so excited. His superior vision picked out the shape of a man, tattered clothing draped over him, with what seemed to be a round shield clutched in his hands. His eyebrows shot up as an incredible explanation presented itself to him, but he dismissed it out of hand. Even the greatest hero of World War II couldn’t have survived in the Atlantic Ocean for almost seven decades.The scents of his teammates told him that although the other Avengers were worried about their find, the excitement over finding the strange man was their main focus. From Thor, the worry smelled stronger, and Tony suspected it was because of Don Blake's influence. Thor's human side was probably already turning over the possibilities of their find.Something about the sight unsettled him, his metaphorical hackles rising, and Tony suppressed a growl, hoping no one heard the aborted noise. From the sidelong look Thor shot him, he knew the god of thunder had caught it, and he inclined his head slightly in silent reassurance. Tony had too many years of experience hiding his true nature to let it slip now, no matter how unnerved he felt. The last thing they needed was Jan or Hank freaking out over finding out he was a werewolf.Even in the armor, Tony’s hands moved with quick, precise movements as he brought the sub to a stop and released the safety latches on the outer hatch. He set the proximity alarms, watching on the monitor as the others headed for the hold, Thor and the Wasp shifting toward the side walls to give Ant-Man room to grow. He kept an eye on the scanners as he watched the action. While a body floating in the depths of the Atlantic Ocean was an unlikely trap at best, he’d had too many run ins with super villains and terrorist groups to not take basic precautions.“Nothing showing up but some fish,” he reported. Ant-Man nodded, then opened the inner hatch, starting the airlock cycle. Moments later, he was shrinking back to down to his regular size as Thor carefully lifted the dripping body out of his arms in order to carry it down to the med bay. After resealing the outer hatch, Tony made his way to the med bay, feeling strangely on edge. He wasn’t sure why; finding a dead body in the ocean was a first for the Avengers, but not anything they would deem unusual. Nothing about the situation seemed all that suspicious. Nonetheless Tony felt the skin at the back of his neck prickle. He fought the impulse to tear his helmet off and scratch.He wasn’t prepared for the sight that met him when he opened the med bay door. The Wasp was flitting excitedly around in the air over the body on the table, Ant-Man stood openly staring, and even Thor looked bemused. As soon as he saw the table, he understood their reactions.The man was alive.Tony's eyes widened as he got his first good look at their find. Beneath the tattered remnants of a tan uniform, a white star shone from a blue mail shirt. Red and white stripes peeked out from further down. And the gleaming shield lying on his chest... Tony sucked in a breath."Captain America." His half-whispered words seemed to break the expectant silence filling the room, and the man moaned. Riveted, Tony stepped forward, seeing the man's eyelashes flutter. For some reason, he expected the man to go half-mad when his eyes opened.Instead, the man stared upward, apparently trying to focus, for a long moment, then turned his head. His gaze lingered on Tony before his eyebrows drew together, his face settling into simple confusion."Where am I?" His voice sounded rusty. Understandable, Tony thought absently, since he hadn't spoken in seven decades or so. The timbre of it sent a shiver down his spine."Thou art in the submarine vessel of the Avengers," Thor answered, his voice grave. "We discovered thy body in the ocean depths."The Captain blinked again, then sat up with stiff movements, one hand grasping the edge of the table for support."The ocean...?" His question trailed off and he shook his head. "Bucky... you didn't find him?" He glanced around at all of them, pausing only momentarily on Tony, the gleaming form of Iron Man probably looking weirdly alien to him. Their bewildered frowns must have given him his answer, and his head bowed, his eyes closing again. Tony's hand clenched as he took another step closer, the urge to comfort the man almost crowding out anything else from his head. Only the Wasp stopped him as she stepped forward and took the Captain's hand, her voice calming as she offered her sympathies.Tony didn't hear any of it. Something teased his senses, some alluring scent that he’d never come across before. He sniffed, trying to identify it. Whatever it was, it called to him, drawing him in closer… Only the sound of his name, spoken sharply 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Werewolves
Alternate Universe
Canon-Typical Violence
First Time
Bonding
Forced Bonding
Abuse of Middle English
Secret Identity
Community: au_bigbang
Identity Porn

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

