Chapter 1



Notes:
Hey everyone! I have had this fic posted on Wattpad and fan fiction.net for a while, so I finally decided to post it here. I hope you all like it!




Chapter Text
Peter's day was going great. He woke up on time, actually had breakfast for once, made it to school on time, aced his calculus test, didn't have one disturbance from Flash for the entire day (somehow), and ate lunch. So when the Decathlon meeting rolled around and Mr Harrington announced that he had some exciting news for the group, that had something to do with a field trip, it piqued Peter's interests. Ever since his last and disastrous field trip to Oscorp, he wasn't so fond of field trips, but his day had seemed to be going well so he decided to give it a chance. "We will we having a field trip, but not only that, we will be staying a few nights at the place!" Mr Harrington announced, his excitement visible. If a field trip that Mr Harrington had to spend a few days at with a group of teenagers got him excited, then it must be good."We'll be going to..." Everybody silenced, all waiting impatiently to hear where they would be going."Stark Industries!" He finally announced, being over-dramatic. The team looked at each other, excitement clear on their faces. A few cheers rose from the crowd. Peter, however, blanched. A field trip to Stark Industries? Not just a field trip, but some three day sleepover there with his Decathlon team?After the whole Vulture ordeal, him and Tony had become close. Every weekend they would hang out in the labs, and work on the iron man suits or Peter's Spider-man suit. They would also occasionally have a movie night together, and best of all, the Avengers would occasionally join them. It was like a second family to him.So the news shouldn't have been that bad for him, but the Avengers were the type of group of people to make sure that Peter was humiliated in front of his class.Peter was drawn from his thoughts from a hard jab in his side. He turned to his left, and saw Ned, an excited smile stretched across his lips."Dude! A field trip to Stark Industries! And we get to stay the night for three entire days!" Ned exclaimed excitedly, his eyes widening."Woo, I can't wait." Peter replied, waving his fist enthusiastically in the air."Bro, it can't be that bad." "You don't know the Avengers, they all look like immortal superheroes, but their actually just a group of pranksters who like playing Mario-kart at 3 in the morning.""That... Honestly sounds amazing." Ned said, imagining all the Avengers playing Mario-kart together. "Do you play Mario-kart with them?" Ned asked, giving his friend a curious gaze. Peter didn't reply, he instead just buried his face in his hands.Ned placed a reassuring hand on his back, "relax, it'll be fine." Turns out, he was wrong. When Peter finally got out of school, and had arrived at the tower after Happy had dropped him off, he went up to the common floor, where the Avengers mainly hung-out, to see Tony making coffee in the kitchen."Hey, Mr Stark." Peter greeted as he walked into the room, dumping his bag on the floor and collapsing on the couch."Hey Pete." Tony replied, turning around to face the teenager. Tony expected the kid to tell him about his day, or something, anything, but he was unnaturally quiet. "What's up, kid?" He asked.Peter turned and looked at Tony, "hm? Nothing, just... Tired." Tony shrugged, and turned back around just as his coffee finished brewing. "So, I heard you were going on a field trip. A sleepover field trip, if I should call it that."Peter looked up, startled. "Wha- how did you know?" "Kid, it's my company, I think I would know if a bunch of highschoolers would be coming into my tower to camp out for three days." Tony replied, turning back around to face the kid.Peter slumped on the couch, staring at the roof. "You don't seem overly excited about the concept of that." Tony pointed out, taking a sip from his beverage."I come here every weekend, Mr Stark. I know how you and the Avengers are. And I have to go with my decathlon team, I can already see you guys humiliating me in any way you can." Peter replied, not turning to look at his mentor.Tony was silent for a moment. "Well, I can't stop them from being them. Sorry, Underoos."Peter let out an irritated groan, which made Tony smirk in amusement. Taking a sip from his drink, he turned around and left the common room. "See you Pete, I got a meeting that I am..." He paused, and glanced at his watch, "an hour late to." "Bye." Peter replied half-halfheartedly, turning to look at the billionaire as he walked off.Tony paused, and turned around to glance at the teenager. "You'll be fine, Pete." He said, before going into the elevator and disappearing behind the doors.And so, Peter was now on the bus, on the way to Stark Tower with his team. He had to pack a bag for the trip, even though he already had everything he needed at the tower, but the less attention that was drawn to him, the better. He had ask
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Whump
Peter is a Little Shit
Precious Peter Parker
Identity Reveal
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Tags Are Hard
i can’t be bothered tagging

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

