Work Text:
In the fourth year of the war, Garðaríki was overrun.Thor had spent the first retreat, from Bralund, yelling at Odin's back the entire time. This one, the fifth, he remembered only as a broken sequence of images. The horns sounding the retreat; the palely gleaming slithering thing he slew at the last, a nest of arms and teeth. The demoralized ranks of the Aesir stumbling ahead of him, on to the Bifrost. The dozen scuttling imp-creatures clawing at his leg-armor as he turned away, clutching at his calves and staring up at him with hungry pale lamp-eyes.He hadn't bothered to kill them. His feet followed one another through the faintly glittering dust that had once been a fertile field, followed the warriors through the gate and onto the shining bridge. Silently he crossed and silently went through the doors of the great hall of Asgard; silently he climbed the stairs to his chamber, and fell down on the bed still in his armor. He'd been fighting for seven months without a day of rest.His armor was off when he jerked awake, Mjölnir leaping into his hand by instinct. Sweat and dust still caked his scalp beneath his hair, but his face had been wiped clean, and his hands and wrists.  He felt naked. "What?" he said shortly to the page-boy staring at him."The All-father summons you, mighty Thor," the boy said wide-eyed, taking a trembling step back from him, and Thor was sorry to have frightened him. There was enough for a child of Asgard to fear now, old enough to understand what was happening, too young to even lift a sword in his own defense when the enemy did, in the end, come to their walls.Thor poured the jug of water over his head, put his armor back on, and went to the stables."We have not yet been attacked again," Odin said, when Thor joined him at Sleipnir's stall."Then why in the Nine Realms did you wake me?" Thor said, yawning."You have slept for eleven days, and time grows short," Odin said. "Come."He beckoned to one of the grooms to bring a steed for Thor, and mounted up himself. Thor dragged himself onto the horse and followed, too tired to ask even where they were going. The light around them began to fade as they rode, and the path bent slowly down and away both from Asgard and the Bifrost, into dim woods that grew dimmer as they went on. He was half-sleeping in the saddle while the trees began to shrink, then to be replaced by thin scraggly bushes, and then by moss and lichen and finally great swollen fungi curling over knotted tree-roots.Eventually he woke enough to wonder why there were roots, and no trees. A mist lay thickly overhead now, blotting out the sky from sight, and beside them a strange smooth grey wall rose from the ground and vanished into it. "Where are we?" he called, and spurred his plodding horse on alongside Sleipnir. "Father, where—""You know where we are, Thor," Odin said. "I am certain that the tutors covered the subject on sufficient occasions to work its way past even your remarkable inattention to any portions of history which did not involve battles."Despite a certain sharpness in his tone, he was holding out his hand: with one of Idunn's golden apples, queerly bright and unreal-looking in the dim light. Thor snatched it, suddenly ravenous, and ate; the juice burst over his tongue, a sweetness scarcely remembered. He even ate the core."To be fair, Father," he said, licking his fingers for the last stickiness, "that doesn't leave out much." The apple's strength reached deep into his bones: he felt himself again, for the first time in—he didn't want to think back that far. There hadn't been anything pleasant to remember in the intervening time. He looked around instead, and then he knew where they were. "Stop," he said, and pulled his horse to a halt. "How long have we been riding? There's a war on, and you've dragged me down to the roots of—"But Odin didn't rein Sleipnir in even for a moment. "Therefore consider, Thor," his voice floated back over the hoofbeats, already sounding as though they grew distant, "whether I would have brought you here for any small purpose."Thor swore under his breath; sometimes a man could grow wretchedly tired of having the wisest man alive for a father.And the cleverest for a brother, that thought had used to finish. Thor pushed it away and set his horse onward again. Strange to think that soon, his brother—vanished, exiled, hiding, cursed—might be the only one of them left. Would Loki—miss them seemed absurd. More likely he would only regret he hadn't been the one to bring down Asgard himself. He'd certainly been trying hard enough, the last decade. Thor glared at his father's back as it came back into view through the fog.Odin's shoulders bowed. "Even the wise can be mistaken, my son."Thor didn't say anything. It had only been ten years, and he wasn't ready to forgive Odin yet. But conversations with his father always seemed to end up with Thor nodding in understanding—when they didn't end up with him flung to other worlds and str
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
War
Dubious Consent
Collars

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

