Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The man that's dragged out of the jeep doesn't look like much, with white hoodie dirty with sweat and blood and a dark hood of rough cloth pulled over his head, hands shackled behind his back. He stumbles as he's manhandled to the ground and then he stays there on his knees, quiet and fearful, hooded head bowed. Helpless and weak, there's no warrior's grace in him, no poise, his posture is awkward and clumsy.Raza lets himself feel vindictively pleased by this.Had he believed in gods, he would have said that this is the moment when they begin smiling upon him. After many years of hard work, of toil and suffering and sacrifice, events are lining up in his favour and opportunities are coming his way, on two fronts even. It's enough to make him smile – but not enough for him to let his guard down.Around him his men wait and watch, as Raza crouches in front of their newest addition, taking him in at length. Had the prisoner had any weapons, his men would've taken them from him – though judging by the casual, cheap clothes he likely had none to begin with. The fabric of the jeans is worn and the hoodie a little frayed here and there – and they both fit the man as though shaped for his body. It's not a disguise, but daily wear, shaped by the wearer.Raza tugs at the man's hoodie, opening it enough to see – no sign of straps or belts underneath, nor marks worn by then. He doesn't wear holsters, then, doesn't habitually carry weapons. He doesn't even wear a belt – the belt loops of his jeans are the least worn part of the trousers.So, the intel is correct. This man is a civilian.Raza glances at his men, warily waiting around him with their weapons drawn but casually held, ready for trouble. Backlit by the jeep lights they make for an impressive, intimidating display."Did he give you any trouble?" Raza asks in dari."Made a lot of noise, until we knocked it out of him," Faris scoffs. "He's soft, barely put up a fight. Shouldn't be hard to keep in check.""Don't let your guard down," Raza says warningly and stands up. "His is a lineage of history's best killers – and blood will always tell. Never let your guard down."There are some dubious looks at that, but his men don't argue, taking his words at face value and preparing themselves.Raza pulls the hood off their captive's head, and – it is like looking into the past.The man unearthed is young, in his early twenties, and though his face bears the indiscriminate features of those of mixed ancestry, he looks strikingly like his ancestors. Raza had seen it before, in pictures, in surveillance footage, but now, coming face to face with him…He really does look exactly like Altaïr – even while blinking blearily up at him, his expression confused in a way the great Mentor would have never allowed himself to show.The man on his knees blinks and squints and looks around, trying to make sense of the situation. Then, uneasy, he looks up at Raza."Welcome, Mr. Miles," Raza says in Arabic, "the descendant of history's greatest murderers."Desmond Miles' eyes sharpen at that, but he doesn't understand. "Well, that's my name," he murmurs, though not in Arabic. "I don't suppose you speak English?"He doesn't know Arabic then. Wasn't trained in the old ways. Pitiful. "I said welcome, Desmond Miles," Raza repeats in English. "The descendant of history's greatest killers."The man leans back at that, his shoulders coming up, defensive. "I don't know who you think I am," he says, glancing around and wincing at the sight of all the firearms. "Or what do you think you might gain from me, um. I'm just a bartender.""You are the son of William Miles and Jacqueline Travere," Raza says. "Yes? A Mentor and a Master Assassin."Desmond Miles' breathes in and out and says, "Listen, I – I don't know what this is about – I haven't even seen my parents in over seven years, whatever they did, whatever they owe you – it-it has nothing to do with me. I left, I – it has nothing to do with me. And I haven't money or anything to even pay with, even if it did –""You have blood," Raza says and smiles. "Their blood. The blood of your ancestors. That is all I want."Altaïr never would have gone so pale, nor looked so fearful. The expression really fits poorly on his noble features – if only Raza's own ancestors could see it now..."I –" Desmond Miles says, obviously thinking of arguments, looking around for anything to help – but there is nothing. He is in Raza's domain, surrounded by Raza's men, and even his Mentor father doesn't know he's here – no one does. No one would aid him here, and his helplessness is culpable."Fear not, Desmond Miles," Raza says, almost amused but not letting it show. "I don't intend to kill you. Cooperate, and no harm will come to you. Resist – and this will be a struggle for you. And not one you will come out on top of."Desmond swallows, counting the men around them and then looks up at him. "Y-yeah," he says, shaky. "Right, what – what do you want me to cooperate w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Desmond Miles/Tony Stark
Desmond Miles & Ho Yinsen

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions
Crossover Pairings
Kidnapping
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Temporary Character Death
The Ten Rings (Marvel)
Terrorists
The Animus (Assassin's Creed)
Mental Instability
Near Death Experiences
Identity Porn
Secret Identity
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Desmond Miles/Tony Stark
Desmond Miles & Ho Yinsen

