Chapter 1: lemon meringue
    


Notes:
adamsheroin decided Sean's favorite ice-cream <3




Chapter Text
There is a house, old and stately like a grand queen, overlooking a sprawling estate of woods and grass and a small lake; and within her walls, under her roof, lives a family like any other.“TEN MINUTES, EVERYONE!”Erik winces, but continues the last-minute check of his briefcase: project papers, laptop, phone, flash drive. His wallet turns out to not be in his coat; a cursory scan of the breakfast nook shows up the small collection of coins in its little pocket, and he floats the wallet up from where it had taken refuge under the chairs.A stampede of feet across the floor above causes the ornaments on the ceiling lamp to bounce and sway. He picks out Angel’s bracelet, senses her flattening herself against the wall as the mob containing Alex’s watch, Sean’s iPod, and Raven’s hairpins go racing down the hallway.“A bit chaotic, this morning,” says Charles, wandering in, his hands trying to fasten his cufflinks and fix his tie at the same time. His expression is one of harried surprise, as if the morning hours of a regular work- and school-day don’t always resemble a bit of a disaster zone. “Erik, have you seen my-“ Erik floats up the set of keys he’d discovered when searching for his wallet, “right, thanks.”Something heavy bounces along the upstairs floor, followed by a series of furious knocks, and a perfectly audible, “GET OUT OF THE SHOWER DARWIN IT’S MY TURN NOW.”“Hank’s picking the kids up today, thank goodness,” continues Charles, “There’s a bug going around the faculty, so I have a solid block of classes after lunch.” He blinks, looking a little lost now that he’s tamed his clothing. Erik grabs a slice of toast from the pile and presses it into Charles’ hand.“I’ll text him later to remind him,” says Raven, breezing past them and going straight into the kitchen.“I’d appreciate it,” Charles calls after her. He turns back to Erik and his toast. “Sean’s got a presentation today, but I’ve been rehearsing with him all week and I’m sure he’ll do fine. Angel’s been invited to join the basketball team. Don’t ask her about her boyfriend, they’re not together anymore. Hmm, what else?” A particularly large crumb is clinging tenaciously on to the edge of Charles’ bottom lip. Erik can sympathize. “Darwin mentioned that he’s considering taking a gap year before university, maybe doing a tour of Europe.”Erik gives him a bland look. “I let you believe I care about these things only because you give great blowjobs.”Charles just grins and leans in for a kiss, and when he pulls away there are breadcrumbs all over Erik’s chin. “Like you weren’t worried along with the rest of us the last time Alex got into trouble.”“Well, yes, I’d prefer not to be legally and morally responsible for a juvenile delinquent.”“God forbid people think you’re not an upstanding member of the community. Oh, here’s your lunch.”“Hank, please don’t be late again!” shouts Angel, now somewhere outside. Her bracelet is floating on level with the second floor. “Or you’ll be the one to fix whatever car Alex tries to hotwire.”“That was one time!” protests Alex.Grand theft auto is, generally, not a hobby one gets to practice until one gets it right, interjects Charles dryly. It always intrigues Erik how Charles’ thought-voice doesn’t, exactly, sound like him, being that it isn’t actually a form of sound, yet something about the delivery and the feeling behind it is so distinctly Charles: genial and kind and solid as old books.Erik’s thoughts are interrupted by the stomp-stomp-STOMP of teenage feet getting steadily closer. “The horde descends,” he grumbles, and closes up his briefcase.Charles has just stuffed the rest of the toast into his mouth, making him look like a blue-eyed chipmunk nesting in tweed. Erik finds this ridiculous and adorable and vaguely wants to slap himself in the face over it; instead, he hands his unfinished coffee to Charles and kisses him on the neck. A calculated move, as this affords him a glimpse of the mark at the juncture of neck and shoulder, dark red, just barely hidden by Charles’ collar.Actually, now that he’s looking a little closer, Charles seems to be moving about with a hint of well-concealed stiffness.He gets a brush of annoyance-arousal-affection from Charles, in addition to a crumby pout, and feels incredibly justified to be smiling smugly as he walks out to his car.+ + +Erik isn’t sure why the dreary tedium of his job surprises him anew every morning. He’s suspected Charles’ interference, the invisible fingers of Charles’ good intentions carding through his short-term memory – Erik wouldn’t even mind, that’s how bad it is – but he dully suspects it’s his own coping mechanisms. He knows he needs to go to work, to live like any other civilian contributing to society, so his brain convinces him nightly that his day-job isn’t as awful as he remembers it to be.Except, yes, it is as awful. Worse, on some days.He stares at
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Domestic
Kid Fic
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Superheroes
Fluff
Technology

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

