Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter groans when he shifts in Tony’s lap, trying to get more comfortable. This is the third load he’s taken since Tony pulled him onto his knot that morning and didn’t let him off after. What started out as Peter trying to tease Tony by sinking down on his cock and proceeding to sit completely still in retaliation for the fact that Tony refused to give him any attention, has now evolved into something much more.
It’s been over an hour since Tony first knotted him. But instead of allowing it to deflate to let Peter go, Tony rocked into him when it seemed they were about to part, effectively keeping them locked together for a little while longer.
And initially it seemed silly. Just a little bit of fun.
But on the third load, Peter is starting to realize that Tony is serious about this.
So serious, that when Peter groans about getting hungry, Tony simply gets up from the couch with Peter still firmly seated on his big knot, and walks into the kitchen to grab the both of them something for lunch.
While they eat, Tony’s still inside of him. They lean against the kitchen counter, and Tony strokes Peter’s cock slowly when he’s finished his sandwich, kissing at his neck.
“How much longer until you’re satisfied?” Peter asks curiously.
He can feel Tony smile against the crook of his neck.
“Until I’m satisfied, baby.”
It’s not an answer, but it’s exhilarating. Peter sees the potential now. The possibilities. He can sense the consequences.
It thrills him.
Tony pumps a fourth load into him right there in the kitchen, and Peter rubs a satisfied hand over his belly. It’s nothing noticeable, not yet, but that doesn’t matter. What matters is that soon, he’ll see exactly what this is doing to him. They’re only three hours in, and they have many to go.
That’s a whole lot of cum.
Tony works throughout the day. Peter isn’t even sure how he does it half the time, because after a few hours he’s already getting very oversensitive himself, and he can only imagine how Tony must be feeling. And yet he seems to be doing perfectly fine, balancing his laptop on Peter’s back, even taking him down to the workshop to talk through something with FRIDAY for a little while and try and work on some new designs.
Peter is hard throughout most of the day. Sometimes Tony strokes him to completion, sometimes he tells him he’s not allowed to because “we don’t want your spunk absolutely everywhere, do we? At least mine’s perfectly contained”. And fuck, it really is.
Peter has never felt so big before. Tony unleashes load upon load on his poor insides until his belly is distended and he’s starting to feel a little bit full. It doesn’t get uncomfortable until the 24 hours Tony ends up keeping him trapped on his knot are almost up, but it certainly doesn’t help that after a while, Peter can feel Tony shift in his seat beneath him with what he guesses has to be slight discomfort.
Peter asks what’s wrong, and he almost wishes he hadn’t.
“Gotta take a leak,” Tony murmurs behind him.
Peter goes very still. He realizes that with the way they’re sitting most of the time, he has to be sitting pretty much right on top of Tony’s bladder.
Tony already carried him into the bathroom when he had to go, standing them over the toilet bowl and jerking him off slowly after Peter had relieved himself. The orgasm had been intense, and Tony had to carry back a limp, satisfied knotwarmer.
But now it’s Tony’s turn.
And Peter knows that Tony isn’t about to break his streak.
Peter feels Tony press kisses up the top of his spine, over the back of his neck, until he nuzzles into Peter’s hair. His hand has snaked toward Peter’s front, and it’s smoothing over Peter’s full belly from side to side.
“You can take it, can’t you baby?” He purrs.
Peter’s cock stirs between his legs at the mere notion.
He’s not sure he can. He already feels so full, his belly is already starting to show just how full it is, rounding out beautifully with Tony’s cum. But does he really have another option?
Peter nods wordlessly while Tony’s hands move up and down his hips, over his back, caressing wherever they could reach. He’s trying to help him relax – help the both of them relax – yet Peter can’t help but be a bit tense with anticipation.
He doesn’t feel it at first.
It starts out as a gentle trickle, paired with a soft sigh from Tony’s lips.
But then it comes, properly. Peter’s breath hitches at the warmth first, then the feeling of it spraying against his inner walls as Tony lets go. It almost tickles, but in the most pleasant of ways. And then it’s the amount that’s piling up. Tony doesn’t stop, it’s like it just keeps coming, filling him up more and more until his belly is straining with Tony’s hot piss and he’s squirming uncomfortably.
“There you go,” Tony breathes praise into his ear, “Such a good boy. Almost done.”
Tony’s cock jumps inside Peter and releases some more, and it’s both too much and yet not enough all at once. Peter still wants more, and more, and more.
H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Knotting
24/7 knotting
Come Inflation
Watersports
Anal Plug
Anal Sex
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
blink and you miss it dubcon between two otherwise consenting adults
Cock Warming
Comeplay
Pregnancy Kink
Stuffing
Belly Kink
Pregnant Sex
Mpreg
Domestic Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

