Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Boredom had to be the worst part of this whole thing and Tony wasn’t sure whether to consider himself lucky in that regard, that the initial bruises have had time to heal, that he’d had enough uninterrupted time in this cell to memorize the layout of every brick, every crack, every shadow.He kept track of the time using the tiny window carved into the wall, feet above where he could reach on his tiptoes, and those flickers of sunlight were his only indication that the world kept on spinning outside of these walls. He’d spent six days in here, alone, if one ignored the haphazard visits from various guards, and he was certain he lost at least a few extra days to being unconscious before they dumped him in here.One surprise blow to the head had that effect on a man.Staring at the grime coating the bricks was never fun, but the silence was finally getting to him again, so Tony tried to shift his focus elsewhere. He began muttering to himself, tried to sketch out a schematic in his mind, his fingers following the imaginary lines through the air. He thought about a new reactor model, then tweaks to the watch gauntlet, an engine to make the Quinjets go even faster…The details kept slipping though. Slipping and slipping, like sand through his fingers, and his bleary eyes slid back down to the dark shadows coating the other side of the tiny cell. His mind began to fill with familiar low-level static.Tony didn’t think they were drugging his food, but between the initial concussion, the meager rations, and the lack of anything to do but wait, it was little wonder his mind was losing its edge.He forced himself to look at the locked door. Thick, impenetrable metal that Tony had examined in obsessive detail during his initial days in here in hopes of finding a vulnerability to exploit, but despite the shabby appearance of everything else in here, the only way out was through that surprisingly sturdy door. Despite his usual philosophy on life and his penchant for the clever and the subversive, sometimes there truly were problems best solved by punching something until it broke, but Tony was in no position to follow through on that particular method of problem solving today.At least the guards were overdue for a visit, hopefully with food this time. Tony would snark, they would sneer right back—or spit and kick in him the ribs once or twice if they were feeling particularly vindictive—and then the excitement would end. Then it’d be silence again, the dim light from the overhead window and Tony’s own breathing left as the only things to disturb the near-empty cell.Nothing but the four walls, a bucket to relieve himself, and a pile of dirty blankets to sleep on. The Four Seasons this was not.The door offered no tantalizing answers, so Tony decided he’d stared at it long enough. He went back to counting the tiles.The boredom wasn’t the worst part, Tony decided. No, the worst part was the fact he’d let this whole debacle happen in the first place.Iron Man, snatched right off the street. Grabbed, bagged, and stuffed inside a shady van like a protagonist in the most cliché action movie ever filmed.No, not even the protagonist. He was the goddamn damsel in distress.It was embarrassing and Rhodey would laugh his ass off once he knew the sordid details.Tony knew he hadn’t been at his best when it happened—hadn’t been at his best for a while—but in his defense, the past year hadn’t exactly been a walk in the park. Having most of the Avengers bail and leave Tony and others holding the shit-covered bag left little time for rest and relaxation.Meetings, committees, constant calls from Ross and his cronies—constant harassment, up to and including some lack-luster death threats—and an endless, uphill battle to get anyone to trust him again after a bunch of his suped-up friends went and trashed half a highway and an entire airport all in the name of protecting the innocents.After a lot of hard work, things were finally looking up, but Tony had been running on empty for months, losing his mind to too little sleep and too much guilt, and all he did the day he was captured was selfishly take a few minutes for himself. He told Rhodey he’d find his own way to the summit, then he disconnected from Friday—she was still so young and so chatty and his migraine was killing him—He wasn’t surprised the kidnappers got him so easily. He’d become predictable and negligent in his vigilance, visiting that same coffee shop on the corner every morning, too distracted searching for normalcy in a macchiato and a friendly barista smile to notice the shady goons that practically screamed ‘We’re the villains!’ hanging around the nearest corner.Tony shook his head. Embarrassing and pathetic, to be sitting here now, pontificating about his poor, troubled life. He fucked up, trusted the wrong people, and got left to clean up the mess. Now he got sloppy, let his guard 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Relationship
Hurt/Comfort
Canon-Typical Violence
mentions of torture
Aftermath of Torture
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Kidnapping
Captivity
Confinement
Hunger and Injuries
Hydra (Marvel)
Generic Hydra Villains
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
developing feelings
Developing Relationship
Misunderstandings
Huddling For Warmth
Self-sacrificing Idiots Alert
First Kiss
Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
not team Cap friendly
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Minor Appearances by Other MCU Characters - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

