Work Text:
 If someone were to ask James Buchanan Barnes if he’s a morning person, he might say yes, he is. He might say that he likes the colors of the sky just after the sun rises, likes to hear the birds sing him awake and feel the early hour chill on his skin as he slinks out of bed to stand beside the window, glimpsing the city jumping back to life after a short nap. James Buchanan Barnes could say all these things to your face, wrapped up with a nice little smile, because he’s proficient in the art of bullshitting.James is a morning person in the sense that he wakes up at 6am every day, but it’s definitely not so he can throw open his arms and greet the world with bright eyes and happy sighs. He wakes up, trudges to his espresso maker, and stands stock still until he can gulp down the scorching liquid that readies him for the treadmill in his living room. He runs for 45 minutes with the television on as background noise he ends up drowning out in favor of skimming the latest stack of manuscripts he’s been saddled with. Then he showers, shaves, gets dressed, and devours at least two bowls of cereal that tastes like cardboard while reading more drivel to decline.This, without fail, has been his routine for the past five years+ +Steve Rogers is an actual morning person, but only on weekends.He beams at the sun like he’s never seen anything so grand and often sketches his neighbors in the Bay Ridge area or the water when he can bother to concentrate enough for balancing his sketchbook on the railing.While Steve’s usual routine consists of a hardy breakfast, a long run, and a hot shower before a teeth gritting day at work, sometimes the previous night sees him conking out so deeply that his measly alarm can’t rouse him on time. And even though Steve is very much a morning person, his subconscious seems to think otherwise because, when left to its own devices, his internal alarm never seems to wake him before 8:40.He has to be at work by 9. More importantly, he has to be at work before his boss, and Steve needs to have coffee and even more patience than a saint before walking through the doors of Hill & Barton Publishing.So Steve usually wakes up at 6am on weekdays, and enjoys it more on weekends, but today is not allowing him any of the Rogers Family luck.It starts nice and slow, the way his eyelids flutter and his legs stretch languidly across the expanse of the bed, sending good feelings up his spine and to his brain. But those feelings are quickly stomped out as soon as he sees the red numbers on the bedside clock. The ride to work takes 16 minutes on his bike in normal traffic, which leaves him with less than five minutes to shower because of the coffee order he needs to pick up. If he times everything just right, he can make it to James Barnes’s office only a few minutes after 8.Steve prays in the shower and prays while he pulls on his slacks and prays while he ambles down the busy streets, all of it in hopes that God will take pity on him and force James Barnes to be at least 3 minutes later than usual. Because James Barnes is that horrible.He parks his bike in front of the coffee shop despite the easy opening for a ticket and rushes inside, nearly having a heart attack when he stops at the line that’s almost to the door. Darcy spots him – it’s hard not to notice a guy that’s taller and broader than most even if you aren’t looking, and Darcy is always looking – and shouts him over. He notices the two cups in her hands before he registers her lazy, purple smile.“Thank you so much,” he breathes as he reaches out, eager to get his own fingers around the coveted orders without bumping elbows with annoyed customers. “You’re a life saver.”“I am, aren’t I?”The way she proudly speaks has Steve smiling in amusement but also apology because he has to run back out to his bike before she can say another word.Things blur together when he parks in his usual spot and slides through the doors the person in front had opened wide. He practically dives into the elevator, clipping his shoulder on the doors and kneeing someone in the thigh, and then he’s in the home stretch, gliding across the room with his eyes on the glass doors of his boss’s office.“Cutting it close,” one of the receptionists bothers to say.Steve sighs and offers “It’s one of those days” as an explanation right as he turns and smacks into the mail cart. “Oh, f –” He bites down hard on his lip to keep the screaming secluded inside the confines of his mind.“Sorry,” the cart roller groans, and the only thing keeping Steve from breaking down into tears is his attempt to figure out how he’s going to get the coffee seeping into his crisp shirt to disappear in less than two minutes.Currently, there is only one plausible idea, and plausible is a strong descriptive of it.Steve tosses the near empty cup in the trash and sets the other one on the table of the nearest desk and makes his way over to Sam. The sight of him gets a slow head-shake and a sad tut.“Sam,” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Mild Language
blatant rip off of the proposal
Enemies to Lovers
Fake Marriage
Fake/Pretend Relationship
idiots slowly falling in love
Stucky - Freeform
bucky is from russia
mentions of clintasha - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

