Chapter 1: How Peter became a Ravager
    




Chapter Text
Peter is six years old when his mother dies. He can hear sobbing and prayers and the long, screeching whine of the heart monitor but all of that means nothing because his mother is dead. He's screaming and thrashing, reaching for the bed and trying to touch her. She's so close but she's already gone, inches away and lost forever. Strong arms catch him around the waist, hauling him bodily out of the room and suddenly his grandfather is there, telling him to stay put and not to move. He turns and goes back into the room and Peter runs. He runs down the hall and away from the room and out of the hospital. He runs away from his family and the doctors and the nurses. His mother is dead and Peter runs.It's cold outside, unseasonably cool and damp for this time of year, and the moon is high and glowing overhead. Tears blind him and a sob hitches in his throat and Peter collapses onto the cold, damp grass on the lawn. Small fingers dig into the dirt, palms pressed flat and shoulders heaving. His jeans are getting wet from the grass, cold water seeping into the denim, but he doesn't care. He sobs and coughs and chokes and none of it matters because his mother is dead and he's alone.There's a dull whoosh somewhere overhead, a hum like an engine but it seems too close and too quiet. The world is suddenly washed out by a spotlight, the beam brighter than anything Peter has ever seen. He shields his eyes and tries to look up but it's blinding and he can't see anything at all. The light is focused directly on him and he feels like an ant caught beneath a magnifying glass.Gravity suddenly shifts and abandons him, blocked out and pushed away like the very principle means nothing anymore. He's lifted off the ground, dragged toward the impossibly bright light, and he thinks he screams but he can't be sure. Air whips around him, buffeting his hair and clothes, and he has the distinct feeling that he's falling only he's going up. He feels sick and confused and he wants his mom.He lands heavily on his knees on something solid and metal like a grate. The light is still bright and blinding but he can hear voices and movement around him. He can't see very much, his vision still white and splotchy from the spotlight, but he can make out the boots and legs and he knows he's not alone.Rough hands grab him by the shoulders and drag him to his feet. He wobbles slightly and staggers, still dizzy and sick from the weird upward falling he just experienced. He blinks rapidly, trying to clear his vision, but it's a slow process and everything is hazy."This the brat we were lookin' for?" a male voice asks and Peter is wheeled around to face a different direction. Through blurry, dark-spotted vision, he can just barely make out a bluish figure standing a few feet away.The figure steps forward and grabs him by the chin, lifting his head and inspecting his face like he's trying to determine something. "Yep, looks like it. Only Terran I've seen that matches the description." The hand disappears and the blue figure nods to whoever is holding Peter still. "Take 'im below deck and get 'im strapped in for the trip. We won't get paid for busted up cargo."The hands on his shoulders tighten and start to pull him away and Peter is finally pulled out of his stupor long enough to react. He panics and lashes out wildly, pointy elbow connecting with something solid behind him. There's a startled "oomph" and the grip on his shoulders loosens slightly. Peter uses that to his advantage and pulls away, running off in a dead sprint in an unknown direction. More hands reach out for him, grabbing at his clothes and his backpack, but Peter is small and quick and he knows how to use his size to his advantage. He ducks and dodges and weaves and manages to put enough space between himself and his captors to run.There are loud, bellowing voices behind him, shouted orders and pounding footsteps, but Peter doesn't stop. He runs as fast as he can and he has no idea where he's going. He's in some kind of hallway, metal walls and grated floors, and there's a low vibration below his feet like he's standing on top of a giant engine.A voice yells from behind and Peter runs faster, turning a corner and squeezing into a small space in between the walls of the hallway. Someone or something runs past him, grumbling in a deep, guttural language that Peter has never heard. The creature is human-ish but his skin is maroon and he has three eyes and Peter knows for a fact that he's not human.The maroon-skinned man passes his hiding place without seeing him but comes to a stop a few feet away. He pauses and sniffs the air, head held high like a bloodhound on a trail. He turns suddenly, all three eyes locking onto the small crevice Peter has managed to wedge himself into, and he's coming back. Peter jolts slightly in fear, shrugging out of his backpack and swinging as hard as he can.The bag catches the maroon-skinned man in the f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill & Yondu Udonta

freeform: 
Families of Choice
Unconventional Families
Father-Son Relationship
kind of
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Drama
First Time
How Peter became a Ravager
Yondu actually likes the kid
Yondu is not such a bad guy
He's just not such a good guy either
Protective Yondu
Peter is like the son he never had
or wanted
But he'll keep him anyway
5+1 Things
Russian Roulette

fandom: 
Peter Quill & Yondu Udonta

