Work Text:
Poose's lap dance request was seconded. This...happened.
Now available in Chinese!
  It’s kind of a story — when isn’t it, with their lives — but the long and short of it is this: because Thor and his nice astrophysicist girl are getting married, Stark wanted to throw the man a good old-fashioned bachelor party. Thor brought the alcohol, Stark brought the girls, and it all degenerated pretty quickly from there.“You liked that, didn’t you,” Bucky hums from behind, his mouth up close against Steve’s ear. Steve’s fingers stumble, tipsy, as he tries to stick the key in the lock of their front door. “You liked all those pretty soft girls dancin’ around in their tiny little panties. Lie to me. Tell me you didn’t.” “Jesus,” Steve huffs, laughing. Bucky reaches down and gets his hand under Steve’s shirt, all stuck to his body with the sweat of the hot July night. He scratches his blunt fingernails hard across Steve’s pelvis. Steve’s head falls back near Bucky’s shoulder. “Hmm,” says Bucky, smug. “Knew it. Tell you what, sometime we’ll get a girl. You like that? We’ll share her. I’ll teach you how to take care of her just right.” “Oh my God,” Steve says, laughing again, low. “Bucky, God.”“I’ll have a hard time finding one with a nicer rack than yours, though.” “You’re fuckin’ awful,” Steve mumbles, turning around. Bucky can’t help it, and in the dark in front of their apartment he dips forward and kisses Steve’s pretty red mouth. He tastes heady, like Thor’s strong and searing alcohol. It’s been years since Bucky’s seen him like this, a little buzzed, real happy, all sweet and pliant under his hands. Bucky walks his fingers up higher under Steve’s shirt and pinches one of Steve’s nipples to prove his point, rubbing his thumb until it goes hard. Steve breaks the kiss and groans. “Fuckin’ worst,” Steve reinforces, breathing hard. And then he hums the way he does when he really wants it. “Mmm, the worst.” “You’re all red,” Bucky accuses. “Why’s that, huh? What’s got you all worked up?”  “Dunno,” Steve says. He’s grinning into Bucky’s neck, and then when he pulls back his eyes are all blue and dazed and bright, and he’s chewing at his bottom lip. “You smell so good. I think the, the mead, Buck, it got me all hot. S’good. S’really…Jesus, you smell good.” “I’ll fuck you out here if you keep talkin’ like that,” Bucky warns.“Do it,” Steve chuckles. He’s got his hands on Bucky’s hips, and rubs his thumbs into the fabric over the bones. He smiles and laughs to himself, his eyes glinting in the dark. “Do it. I dare you.” “Christ,” Bucky bites out, and smashes his mouth back into Steve’s, pressing him hard against the outside of the door. Steve moans out loud and opens up his legs, so sweet, so he can press up against Bucky’s thigh. Bucky rolls his nipple between his thumb and forefinger and Steve’s head falls back, his mouth open. Bucky can’t help himself and kisses his neck, sucking just underneath his ear. “You’re gonna make me come,” Steve breathes. “Mmm, Buck —“ “I’m the worst,” Bucky mumbles into Steve’s throat, grabbing at that perfect ass with his free hand. “I’m the worst, he says to me, I swear to Christ —“ Steve’s hands are huge and greedy clutching hard at Bucky’s hips now, holding him in place so he can roll his hips against him. His dick is hard and hot and insistent against Bucky’s thigh through their jeans, and he’s really working himself up, his eyes shut, his mouth gasping. Bucky can’t fucking take it. He watches transfixed, pressing into Steve harder, flexing all of his muscles so Steve’s got something solid to get himself off on. God, he wants it. Steve always wants it, he can’t help it, just the way he's made now, and it makes Bucky hot under his skin every time, hot enough he forgets about everything but holding him down and touching him. He sinks his teeth into Steve’s neck, proprietary.  “Buck,” Steve whines.“Yeah, go on,” Bucky mumbles, and tugs Steve’s earlobe between his teeth. He whispers hotly, “But I ain’t getting out the stain.” Steve comes, laughing and groaning into Bucky’s ear, gasping through it. It sends shivers all up and down Bucky’s half-metal spine and he pulls Steve’s bottom lip between his teeth, swollen on account of the way he’s been chewing at it. Steve pushes his tongue into Bucky’s mouth and makes a whole slew of noises that shouldn’t be heard in a public place, still wanting more and more and more. Finally Bucky detaches him, quirking an eyebrow, bad at mock-sternness. “You gonna let me get you inside now that you got your rocks off?” Steve grins at him, slapping the keys into his hands. “Yes, sir,” he says. Jesus Mary and Joseph, Bucky thinks bleakly.Bucky and alcohol don’t mix these days and he didn’t have a drop, and so it’s easy for him to unlock the door and finally shove Steve inside. “Booze and a bunch of strippers,” Bucky muses, shutting the door. “Turns out you’re a red-blooded American man after all. Guess you really do deserve your title. God damn, you are a h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Lapdance
Asgardian Liquor
Drunken Shenanigans
Anal Sex
Frottage
Semi-Public Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

