Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The fist came down hard against Peter’s jaw, knocking his head to the side. His ears rang from the impact, and the fresh taste of blood bloomed in his mouth, a flavor he was getting thoroughly acquainted with as the brass knuckle slammed into his face again and again. “Enough!” Suit Wearing Henchmen #1 shouted at the brute with the knucks. “Don’t want to mangle him up too bad. Nobody wants to pay for something dead.”These assholes got the drop on Peter Parker as he left Stark Industries. Though Peter was unaware, the idiot criminals of the underworld had learned that Tony Stark had a special ransom fund set up in the event of one of his interns or employees was kidnapped. A quick phone call or a note, and supposedly millions of dollars would rain down from the sky into their greedy, grubby hands. Peter knew that Tony wasn’t going to pay these people in money. More than likely, it would be Iron Man paying a visit. But in reality, neither Tony nor his suit was going to beat a certain Merc with a Mouth to the punch. Or death blow. Wade was many things, but tolerant of people hurting his beloved Spidey was not one of them. Sometimes his love bordered on a dangerous obsession, but that didn’t matter. Peter was just as gone for Deadpool as Deadpool was for him. “You...have no idea...how bad you’re fucked,” Peter managed to say, his voice garbled by blood and slurred by pain. Knuckles twisted his fist in that I’m-going-to-punch-you-so-hard-your-neck-snaps way, and Peter tensed, waiting for the blow. But again, the Suit stopped him. Peter wasn’t the only one in that drafty warehouse. There were seven others, mostly college students working in the labs for credit. No unpaid intern deserved this treatment, and when it became clear that these brutes were going to get rough, Peter got mouthy. He stepped up to the goon trying to pull one of the young ladies out of the group. If he wasn’t drugged, he would have been able to overpower them. But even lethargic and uncoordinated, he could still take a hit better than your average Joe.He also had Wade on speed dial. These idiots confiscated phones, but they didn’t know about the small device hidden in Peter’s watch. It was a special gift from Wade as a sort of engagement present, made by his buddy Weasel. A tracking device. Wade had one too, the idea being that if something like this ever happened, they would be able to find each other. Wade was on his way. Peter had no doubt about that fact. The Suit stood in front of Peter. “What makes you think we’re fucked, little man? You think the Avengers are going to come to the rescue?”Peter huffed a laugh, swallowing down blood before saying in a soft, pained voice, “Soon, you’ll wish the Avengers were the ones who came for us. You’ll be wishing with your dying breath that it was Iron Man. Cuz what’s coming? Is going to tear you apart for touching me.”“You talk tough for a guy missing three teeth,” the Suit said, laughing. He nudged Knuckles, and said, “Check the perimeter, yeah? Don’t want any surprises.”Knuckles nodded, and walked towards the double doors. As the hostages were ushered into this shithole, Peter counted 20 armed men, all wearing tactical gear and carrying automatic weapons. They looked like paramilitary, but were probably just goons with a good budget. Thought this would be easy money, a quick buck to send them to Tahiti or something equally idiotic. Peter tried to look around, but the pain in his neck and head, coupled with whatever drugs they used on the group, were still doing a whammy on him. He was tied and bound, his hands going numb from how tight they pulled the zipties. His head lolled forward, eyes squeezing shut against the pain consuming his senses. He strained, hoping to hear even the slightest noise, feel the slightest tingle to alert him that his lover/personal hero was here. All he heard were heavy boots coming back his direction as Knuckles returned. He and the Suit exchanged a few hushed words that Peter couldn’t quite make out. Then the Suit turned to him, grabbing him by the chin and forcing Peter to look at him. “My associate says that two of my men are missing,” he almost growled. “You know what that means, right? Means we’re gonna kill you. Means I’m gonna kill you.”Peter spat blood in his face, and hissed, “Fuck you.”The Suit backhanded him, whipping a handkerchief out of his pocket to wipe the blood and spit off his face. He laughed, that typical idiot villain giggle, as he pulled out a snub nosed .45 and pointed it at Peter’s head. “Any last words?”Peter smirked. “Yeah. Look behind you.”Still chuckling, the Suit turned. His chuckling stopped, seeing the man in the red and black suit standing where Knuckles was only a moment ago. There was a trail of bloody boot prints and arcs of blood spray mixed with the silent dead. Deadpool tisked, shaking Knuckles head back and forth in time with his own. That was the miracle of the Merc with a Mouth. Everyone thought he nev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
spideypoolfanfics
Tumblr Prompt
Violence
Kidnapping
Deadpool Go Boom

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

