Chapter 1





Chapter Text
   

 According to historian Ejiri Shinsui in his newest book War and Art in the First Age of Quirks, Captain Kamino was "a man full of mysteries. No one knows where he came from, who he was or how he disappeared. All we know about him is through the posters and banners people made of him during the dawn of Quirks. It makes it hard to study him from an objective standpoint, as you can't really separate what is fact from fiction."   Blood trickled down his forehead. In a flash he wiped it away, eyes laser-focused on the task at hand. His gloved fingertips moved across the computer, trying to find a USB port to plug in his thumb drive. Careful, his mind warned. Guilt gripped his stomach. He couldn’t believe he actually did it. No, actually he could. It wasn’t the first time he had rushed into danger, nor, he suspected, would it be his last. He couldn’t help his hands from trembling. Why couldn’t he calm down? He recalled the old English adage of Murphy’s Law and how conveniently it would apply to this situation. What a mess. Most teenagers didn’t sneak onto military jets in the middle of the Arctic to foil an anti-meta supremacist plot. However, Izuku Midoriya wasn’t most teenagers. And the next few seconds proved that point. “Oi,” a guard barked, stumbling into the room. His boots echoed across the metal flooring. “Intruder! Someone call for backup. What the hell are you—” He didn’t give the soldier a chance to finish his sentence, shield already smacking against the other’s head with a sickening thump. The Vibranium hummed in turn, his weapon bouncing back to his awaiting arms. As predicted, the guard fell sideways, joining his compatriots who tried to intrude upon Izuku’s last-ditch effort to save his home. Seconds felt like hours as he waited for another. Hearing none, he continued his work. The controls should be right under—there! He released a sigh of relief as the program downloaded into their system. One by one each computer screen was taken over, the virus spreading across every portion of the facility’s like . . .well, like a virus. His shoulders sagged. Metaphors were not his forte. That or he was exhausted. Probably the latter, since he really needed a break. Sadly, the work of Japan’s number one terrorist did not come with vacation days. He flexed his fingers, breathing in and out to regulate his heartbeat. He was nervous, terrified even, but they were one step closer to their goal. He felt a sense of satisfaction, knowing someone like him could be of use for a noble goal. His earpiece buzzed, shaking him from his line of thought. “I can’t believe you did it,” a familiar voice rasped. He could hear a plethora of tapping noises, as the man used all four hands to continue working on hacking into the facility’s main system. “Cameras are down. You should be able to head to the engine room now without much interference.” Izuku laughed. “I know, right? I mean, I always knew Tachi-san’s Techno Quirk would be good for electronic sabotage, but the way Honda-san was able to merge his tech with her Hacker Quirk was a brilliant strategy!" "I'm sorry, but Quirk?" "Oh, that's what mom used to call meta abilities. Anyways, where was I? Right, the Techno and Hacker Quirks. Both are really versatile in use. If only we could combine it with someone with some sort of radio wave Quirk then perhaps—” “I thought I told you to stay at their base,” a deeper voice than the last remarked.  Ah oh. Izuku’s shoulders rose at his father’s ire. “There wasn’t any time to escape. I did what was necessary,” he explained. “I am the one who determines what is necessary. Not you.” His head ducked. Okay, so he was really angry then. “But—” “However,” his father’s tone changed; the fiery anger replaced with a cold calculating one. “I understand when circumstances change. Focus on the primary mission. We cannot afford to lose here. Use any means necessary to achieve the objective.” “Understood, sir.” His mouth clicked shut. Sweat beaded his brow. R-r-right. He was almost there. Couldn’t get overconfident, could he? He shook his head. No, of course not. As he remembered his past training, his back straightened, adrenaline starting to pump through his veins. This was a matter of life and death. The cause was above all else. His father had drilled that into him since birth. He couldn’t fail them now. Hooking his shield back in place, he hurried down the small corridor. Cold recycled air hit his cheeks. He could feel the plane take a sharp turn, strong winds throttling the exterior. The turbulence would have shaken a normal man off-balance, but not him. Two guards shouted in alarm at his approach. Before they could reach for their guns Izuku reacted. He ran forward, body spinning around to launch his shield like a discus, releasing it with deadly force at the incoming enemies. The shield knocked the first one in the chest before vaulting to the opposite side of the small hall, giving Izuku just enough time to ca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Midoriya Izuku & Yagi Toshinori | All Might
Midoriya Izuku & Sensei | All For One
Midoriya Izuku & Takami Keigo | Hawks

freeform: 
Captain America AU
Alternate Universe
Marvel References
Izuku is essentially Captain America to the Quirk users in the beginning years
Vigilante Midoriya Izuku
15 year old with super serum and anxiety issues
Sensei | All For One is Midoriya Hisashi
Quirkless Midoriya Izuku
Child Soldiers
Sensei | All For One is Midoriya Izuku's Parent
BAMF Midoriya Izuku
Mixed Media
Parental Yagi Toshinori | All Might
izuku gets all the dads
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions
Captain Kamino
Midoriya Izuku Needs A Hug
white haired izuku
serum sucked out all the green
dont worry he gets it back
Action/Adventure
Humor
Captain America: The First Avenger
BAMF Yagi Toshinori | All Might
Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - Marvel Cinematic Universe Fusion
Time Travel
Midoriya Izuku/Hospitals
Protective Yagi Toshinori | All Might
Yagi Toshinori | All Might Adopts Midoriya Izuku
Sort Of
Parental Sensei | All For One
Parent Sensei | All For One
Fluff and Angst
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Multimedia
Chatting & Messaging
Social Media
Meta
POV Outsider

fandom: 
Midoriya Izuku & Yagi Toshinori | All Might
Midoriya Izuku & Sensei | All For One
Midoriya Izuku & Takami Keigo | Hawks

