Work Text:
They’re supposed to be arriving at the Bains this evening. They’re two hours out. Soon, he thinks disjointedly. Tony is supposed to be meeting his betrothed alpha soon. He’s already dressed in the soft silks and translucent veils as according to the traditions of his people, dripping in gold jewelry as befits an omega of his status. He’s ready. Or, well, not ready exactly. If he had had his way, he would have happily spent the rest of his life puttering around his alchemical workshop but that’s not what fate and his parents had laid out for him. So he’s here, on this boat, in this ridiculous outfit that’s completely impractical for the cold Northern seas, waiting to see what his future holds.Except apparently marriage isn’t what fate has in store for him at all.He had been below when the shouting had started, the only lady-in-waiting he’d been permitted pausing in applying the kohl liner around his eyes. They had both slowly looked upward as feet had pounded on the deck above them.“I’m just going to check,” she had said and then left him there. “Just in case, bar the door behind me.”She’s dead now. He had spotted her body lying in the corridor when he’d been dragged from his cabin by the hair. Horrified, he had wondered if he had condemned her to her death by doing as she’d said and barring the door. He had retched as he’d remembered someone banging on the door during the fight but he hadn’t had much time to think about it before his captor was dragging him along.The man—beta by the smell, or lack thereof—had sent him sprawling on the deck. Tony had heard his father yell, followed by harsh shouting in a language he didn’t speak, until a single word from a commanding presence had made the shouts stop.The presence had tilted Tony’s chin up with the point of his sword and he had gotten his first look at the alpha Warlord of the North. The man was big, much bigger than anyone in the South, big and bulky, dressed in warm furs and thick leathers that probably went far in stopping any harmful blows. One eye was clouded milky white, bisected by a thick scar that traveled from his forehead down to his chin. His other eye, a terrifying swirl of grey, studied him dispassionately and then he had barked out an order.Tony had been pulled back to his feet and lashed to the ladder leading to the stern as the Warlord had moved to talk to his father. He’s still there now, surrounded on all sides by the Warlord’s men. He had told his father not to take this route, told him that they needed to take a less direct route because the Warlord’s longboats roamed these waters. Howard hadn’t listened though. The Bains had given them a deadline for the marriage and Tony had put it off as long as possible, trying to delay the inevitable. The tribe he’s marrying into is warlike, harsh and demanding. Tony hadn’t wanted to be married into the Bains but he hadn’t had a choice. He had been promised to their heir and eldest alpha child the day he had been born in return for their assistance in fighting off the hordes of sand snakes making their way up from the deserts of the south, bringing with them famine and disease. Tony had seen one once, more a worm than a snake with a great, gaping maw that had made him shudder.No, he hadn’t wanted to wed Sunset Bain but he hadn’t been given a choice and truthfully, he doubts his father, with a head more mechanically-minded than strategically, could have fought off the beasts himself. He had thought though that the Bains would have been willing to listen to reason if they had taken a longer route to avoid the Warlord even though they were already behind schedule after Tony’s tantrum. Howard had been less sure and so they had gone right through Warlord territory, too proud to send tribute before setting sail.They’re paying for both their follies now—Tony for thinking he could hold off a marriage to a warlike tribe, Howard for choosing to take the direct route.His people’s deaths are partially on his hands.He looks up at the great, hulking beast of a man currently talking to his father. He wishes he could ask their translator what’s being said but they only have one and Yinsen is already with his father. Tony speaks a little of the Warlord’s language—harsh, guttural language that it is—but not enough to translate it as readily as Yinsen does. It wouldn’t matter though, even if Yinsen were there or Tony spoke enough of the language, he’s far enough away from his father and the Warlord huddled together on the other side of the ship that he can’t hear anything so he has to make do with facial expressions. Unfortunately, his father’s back is turned to him and the Warlord’s face is impassive. They could be discussing what they had for breakfast for all he knows.Tony doubts it. In all likelihood, Howard is negotiating for safe passage to the Bains’ holdings. Little late for that, he thinks bitterly as his gaze falls on their dead men strewn across the deck, now stained red in places that used to be s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Vikings
alternate universe - warlords
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Extremely Dubious Consent
at first
it becomes enthusiastic consent later
Falling In Love
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Established Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Arranged Marriage
darker Steve Rogers
darker Bucky Barnes
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

