Chapter 1





Chapter Text

The bindings were tight against his wrists, but they certainly didn’t cut as deep as the feeling of absolute betrayal he felt at being handed over to his death by the people he called family. 

He wasn’t surprised of course, never that. He might have been expecting it actually. After all, it wasn’t the first time they’d thrown him to the wolves, this time it was just a bit more literal than before is all. 

What worth was an omega, after all, if not as a convenient currency when money didn’t do the trick? 

And what worth was a problematic omega that didn’t know its place? 

Apparently, Tony’s worth was actually kibble. 


How demeaning

, he thought, as the huge beast growled back at his father. 

Then again, better dog food than pretty ornament in Stone’s mansion. It was certainly an upgrade. 

Bitterly, he looked at his father from the corner of his eye and wondered if he would ever have second thoughts about giving his son over to what he clearly believed to be a gruesome death. 

Probably not. It’s not like he was giving away anything he cared about anyway. 


The white teeth of the wolf snapped close before his face, and he jumped in fright. Apparently he (it?) didn’t like being ignored. Behind him, Tony could still hear his father droning on, 

negotiating

 as though he wasn’t absolutely shaking in his boots. 

Exhorting Tony’s virtues, as if he actually believed that he had any value. 


Except maybe his pedigree and his untouched ass. 


Tony grit his teeth and stayed silent. As much as he would like to tell the hypocritical bastard off, he knew better. It wouldn’t do any good. 

The interpreter kept droning on with his nasally voice and Uncle Obie laughed his fake I-am-an-old-friend-trust-me laugh. Tony could tell, he had fallen for it more than once. 

He kept his eyes on the wolf’s. It was a huge beast, with shaggy black fur, and brilliant green eyes, every bit the forest god it (he?) had claimed to be. 

The pointed ears and long fluffy tail were cute though. The five inch fangs were less so. 

The wolf wasn’t taken in by Obie’s laugh, but then again, the nervous undercurrents had quite undermined the usual effect. But something in the cunning glint of green eyes told Tony that even at his best, Obie wouldn’t have managed to fool that one. 

In the end, apparently the god was satisfied with his offering, because the three villagers that had dragged him there left him alone, turning back to the village without a single glance back. 

And Tony had expected it.

 



So why did that still hurt?


They left him there. Alone with a wolf that was taller on four legs than he was on two, and while he wasn’t tall by any stretch of the imagination, that wolf was a bloody giant. It would kill him in a single snap of his jaws. 

The wolf brought its snout right before his face, sniffing him and then lowering his muzzle against his jaw, a cold wet nose brushing against his neck. 

Tony froze. 

His father had sold him out to save his own hide. And now he was going to die, the wolf would snap his jaws open and bite down and Tony would never get to do all those things that would show Howard that he wasn’t just useless breeding stock like his gender indicated but an actual genius in his own right, he’d never get to travel and see the world, he’d never get to finish his robot project, he would… 

Get his neck released? 

The too tight uncomfortable leather collar around his neck fell to the ground as huge teeth carefully sliced it opened, and then a large smooth tongue soothed the irritated skin that had chafed during the days it had been on him. 

The collar had been Obie’s idea, to leave him leashed and shackled to keep him from running away once he’d learned what his father planned to do with him. 

He’d only stopped resisting once Howard blocked the air ducts however, too faint and panicked from asphyxiation to put up a fight, and his struggles had been enough to start irritating the skin, and since no one ever removed the bonds afterwards the skin only got worse. 

Of course it hadn’t been dressed up like that to the rest of the village who had come to see him off, Tony contemplated as the muzzle left his neck with a parting lick. 

Omegas loved the feeling of pressure on those particular sensitive points. Cuffs and collars were often given as gifts to insecure or sensitive omegas, as a way to soothe their nerves and reassure them. They exerted pressure and weight on specific pressure points that made omegas more settled, though some used them to make them malleable, docile. It also helped them regulate the output of their smell. 

People probably only ever saw a caring gesture from a concerned family doing their best to soothe their spooked omega. Once again proof that people were stupid and only ever saw what they wanted to see. 

The wolf then stepped back from him, just far enough that Tony didn’t have his nose buried in fur anymore, and turned his head down, gazing at the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Emma Frost & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Developing Relationship
Omega Tony Stark
Psychological Trauma
Recovery
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
manipulative tony
BAMF Tony Stark
Survivor Tony
Alien Loki
actual god loki
God of the Forest Loki
Wolf Shifter Loki
Alpha Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Has Trust Issues
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Tony Feels
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Discrimination
Gentleness
Wooing
Fluff and Angst
BAMF Emma Frost
Emma Frost is a Good Friend
Mentor Emma Frost
Happy Ending
Fluffy Ending
Knotting
Fluff and Smut
Eventual Smut
Slow Romance
Trust Kink
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Past Abuse
Top Loki (Marvel)
Bottom Tony Stark
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
implied/referenced societally accepted rape
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
(not to the main character however)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Emma Frost & Tony Stark

