Chapter 1: The New Mission
    




Chapter Text
Kingsley Shacklebolt was not in the best of moods as he headed out into muggle London for his impromptu evening meeting. His mind was fraught with concern as he went over the plan of action that he had spent days figuring out. It had required time and a high level of attention to detail as it involved someone of extreme import, not only to him but to the entire wizarding world. He hadn’t had as much time to prepare as he would have wanted, this meeting wasn’t supposed to be for another week but recent information had forced them to speed up their plans. 
 There was a whole new threat to deal with, it was a threat that they hadn’t seen the likes of since the times of Voldemort. The grumblings of power had begun over a month ago and not willing to make the same mistakes as his predecessor’s, Kingsley had sprung into action immediately. He wasn’t willing to take any chances, not when it concerned the young man who had become a shining beacon of hope for the entire wizarding world.
When he had taken Harry Potter on as an Auror he had known that the position would put the boy in unnecessary danger but that had been what Harry had wanted. He had passed both the mental and physical evaluations required for the job and Kingsley had seen no reason not to employ him when he had already shown his worth when it came to fighting dark wizards. However what the Minister for Magic had not been expecting was for a new threat to arise against the young man. 
He had promoted Harry to head Auror before his time to get him out of the field and therefore out of harm’s way, a strategic move on his part and yet it still hadn’t protected him. The Ministry wasn’t safe any more, information was being leaked out to the enemy that didn’t yet have a face. Kingsley could trust no one but he knew that he had to keep Harry safe. 
The Minister knew better than to simply try and to protect Harry, he was headstrong, stubborn and wouldn’t just hide away not even if it meant saving his life. The young man was undoubtedly a fighter, he had to be to have survived everything that he had. If he was told the truth about what was happening then he would want to be a part of the fight and Kingsley worried that he wouldn’t survive this one or that he simply wouldn’t want to. 
Whatever was coming for him this time it was not Voldemort. It was something else entirely and it would stop at nothing to have him dead and buried whatever the cost and no matter how much collateral damage was done. This was why the Minister was going to enlist some help; he had a plan, a plan that would keep Harry safe and all he needed was for this meeting to go as he planned.
--------------------------------------------------------------------x
Wandering the corridors of the Ministry of Magic where he worked, on his way to see the Minister for Magic himself, Harry Potter had allowed himself to become lost in thought as he allowed his feet to lead him to where he needed to be. His musings were a way of offering himself a distraction from the mess he had made of his life, though Harry hadn’t found him wandering through pleasant thoughts however, instead he had found himself considering what Ron and Hermione were up to.
His two best friends had sent him a present and a card for his birthday, they had arrived by owl early that morning, which was nice of them seeing as they had at least remembered that it was his birthday but he hadn’t seen them in a few months now. 
He knew that it was partly his fault, he had allowed himself to become overwhelmed with his work and they had other things to worry about now other than him. Their first child, Rose had been born last year and they were still adjusting to life being parents as well as both of them working demanding jobs at the same time. They were still friends and probably always would be but they weren’t as close now as they once had been. 
Ron and Hermione had however asked him to be Godfather of Rose Weasley and that was why Harry had made the effort to go and see his little God-daughter several times since she had been born. The problem with visiting them however it was always a little awkward being there whenever Ginny was too. The romance between the two of them had died before it had ever really begun, the war having flung them together and torn them apart in very quick succession. She was now dating Justin Finch Fletchley of all people. Harry was happy for her though, she deserved someone normal in her life who could give her the life and the happiness that she wanted. Everyone knew that Harry wasn't exactly normal, he hadn't been the same since he had killed Voldemort. 
He couldn't bring himself to visit Teddy, Remus and Tonk's beautiful son. He couldn't look that little boy in the eye knowing that he had been unable to save his parents. Teddy was another orphan of war, just like Harry had been and Harry knew to leave the child well enough alone. He was poison and he wouldn't in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

