Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Sometimes John hated letting the sun go down.It wasn’t as if he was afraid of the dark, because that was patently ridiculous, and he was a decorated soldier thank you very much. It was the nightmares. But not the fear of them, or the way they kept him up so he was falling asleep in the consultation room, that didn’t bother him so much anymore. What bothered him was that they didn’t bother him anymore. He didn’t want to live the kind of life where waking up with the feeling of blood slicking his hands, juddering gunfire in his ears and the taste of death in his mouth was something he just had to take in his stride.But he watched a young man in desert camo hit the ground with dead white eyes in the shadow puppet show that he knew so well by now. It was his fault, all his fault. Fumbling forward he crawled on bleeding knees to reach out for the boy. He knew what he would find by now, but the dream-John didn’t, so he had to go through it all with the same old blinkers and-And his eyes flicked open without any input from his brain. His vision swam for a moment, the memory of the blinding desert sun overlaid by the dark of his bedroom wall. He blinked. This was sooner than he usually woke up. Not that he was sorry to miss the rest of the nightmare, but his combat instincts thrilled in his chest, insisting that something must have woken him. He lay frozen for a moment, trying to locate the source of his dread.Up the stairs from the living room floated the sound of music. I play the violin when I’m thinking sometimes, whispered Sherlock in his ear, and John tried to force himself to relax. Sherlock was playing in short violent stabs at the strings, like he always did when he was frustrated. It was testament to his skill with the violin that it still sounded oddly beautiful, and John breathed deep.He rolled onto his back, debating whether he should get up, and then let out a strangled yell.Downstairs, Sherlock’s violin silenced. After a pause, it started up again, a cleaner and more soothing melody; Sherlock was used to John’s worse nights.“He doesn’t seem very concerned for your safety,” said Lyesmith from the bed next to John.John scrambled to a sitting position, clutching his blanket. What the hell?“Well, at least it’s pretty.” Lyesmith was lying in John’s bed like he had every right to be there. He’d been watching John sleep. Watching him sleep. What?And he was humming tunelessly along with Sherlock’s violin. John searched for his voice. “Lyesmith?” he hissed. Lyesmith’s eyes crinkled in a smile that John was horribly afraid was genuine.“Hello again. Is that any way to greet your good friend?” He jerked his head towards the door, indicating the stairs down. “What’s that he’s playing?”John strangled down the urgent thrumming in his hind brain, the animal urge to kill the intruder. He thrust the feeling down deep in himself, blinked and it was gone. Okay, he thought in his most reasonable headspace. Waking up with a strange man in your bed. No need to panic. If he was being perfectly honest with himself, he’d woken up next to worse-looking strangers than this. And he was a civilian and he did not have to resort to violence. He said, “um.”Lyesmith took his eloquence in stride. “Sounds almost like Strauss.” He was perfectly at ease, reclining in a suit that was maybe even more expensive than the one he’d worn last time they met.“He makes it up as he goes along,” John said carefully. Lyesmith looked faintly disappointed.“Shame. I quite like it.” John breathed in.“Lyesmith?” he asked.“Doctor Watson,” Lyesmith replied easily.“What the bloody fuck are you doing here?”Lyesmith looked faintly shocked at John’s language, but smiled indulgently and brushed some nonexistent lint off his sleeve. “I’ve come to have an honest conversation,” he said.John blinked. “A what?”“That was your advice to me last month, in the bar.” Lyesmith said amiably. “Stop messing with Sherlock and have an honest conversation, and you know, I’ve been thinking you were right. Sherlock really hasn’t done anything to deserve my undivided attention; I should give the man a break. After all, he is so delicate. Some people just can’t take it at all. No sense of humour.” Downstairs the violin picked up tempo as Sherlock apparently assured himself that John was sleeping soundly. “I should lay off him. Besides,” he smiled brightly, “I’m sure you can take it much better.”John groaned. Balls. If Lyesmith noticed the look on his face, it only made him smile wider. He beckoned with one hand. “Come lie with me.”John was leaning on his bad arm, and it was beginning to give. That was the only reason he lay down. To get the uncomfortable weight off his old wound. It had nothing to do with the dark storm green eyes, or that trickster’s smile, come lie with me. It was just that exhaustion was starting to creep in like it always did after a nightmare. The first time he’d had this dream at Baker Street, Sherlock had been awake like now, and Jo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
John Watson/Loki

freeform: 
Therapy makes everything better
Crossover
Humor
Romance
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Drama

fandom: 
John Watson/Loki

