Work Text:
PART ONE.1923When he was young, Steven Rogers used to sit pressed up against his mother's warm side in their usual pew at St. Cecilia's (center aisle, right, twelve back) on Sunday mornings and let the Latin wash over him. His eyes drifted up over the statues and brightly colored paintings without particular understanding. Sometimes it was cold enough that he could see his breath in front of his face. He remembered feeling happy and safe.
1927Steve was confessed, confirmed and given the Holy Eucharist within a few weeks of each other in 1927, Father MacNamara standing up for him as his sponsor, since he had no one else to do it. Father Mac was really young for a priest, so he didn't have a parish of his own yet; instead, he wandered the wards of St. Mary's visiting whoever happened to be there. Steve figured this was probably some kind of training. Father Mac had happened to chance upon Steve tucked behind a curtain near the nurses' station one of the times he went into the hospital for asthma, and by the time he had the pneumonia they were old friends.By then, Steve had been diligently studying his catechism, fascinated and made a little shivery by its magnificent certainties: Where is God? God is everywhere. Does God know all things? God knows all things, even our most secret thoughts, words, and actions. Father Mac brought him apples, and better yet, books—and not just religious books, but The Sheik and Wanderer of The Wasteland and The Mine With The Iron Door. Steve lay in his bed by the nurses' station and ploughed through these and more, so gripped by these adventures that he dreamed about them: Adam Laret wandering through the West with the mark of Cain on him, seeking love and atonement among the Indians. In between, the catechism: How many kinds of sin are there? There are two kinds of sin—mortal and venial. Who are they who do not believe all that God has taught?  They who do not believe all that God has taught are the heretics and infidels. Confession was hard, because he had really no idea what to say. He didn't think he'd done too much that was wrong, though he was sure that was just because he hadn't had much in the way of opportunity. He missed church a lot when he was sick but his mother said it didn't count as a sin if you were sick. But then Sister Agatha told them that sin wasn't just about stealing stuff and swearing but also about feelings like anger and envy, and that got Steve really worried, because he was pretty sure he was angry and envious all the time, and he could maybe be sorry for that but he wasn't sure how he was supposed to stop it. And perfect contrition meant that you had to stop it. It gave him something to tell the priest anyway.He took Joseph as his confirmation name, and on the morning his mother silently pressed into his hands an old copy of the Key of Heaven with Joseph Rogers written on the inside cover in a spidery, unfamiliar hand. His mother took him and Father Mac out for lunch afterwards, and Steve was allowed to order anything he wanted. That was pretty exciting. Then he got sick again right before his first communion, but Father Mac got permission to bring it to him at St. Mary's and so Steve's first communion was taken from the cast iron hospital bed, with his mother in her nurse's uniform and several of her nurse friends standing around with wet eyes and tight mouths.
1929When they moved to their new, smaller apartment on Grace Street they started going to Mass at Our Lady of Perpetual Help instead of St. Cecilia's because it was closer, and there were a whole bunch of new paintings and statues to look at, including a huge sculpted altar with four angels on top. In the back of the church there were the most fascinating statues, including a blind St. Lucy holding a plate of eyeballs, and a fantastic St. Michael with wings and muscular arms, his sword raised over his head. Their new regular pew (far left aisle, seven back) overlooked the fourth Station of the Cross, the one where Jesus met his mother, and Steve often spent the whole Mass just staring at it: the way Jesus's neck twisted around when he looked at her, her anguished face, the hard diagonal of the cross over his shoulder, cutting the picture in half.  He often had a stub of pencil in his pocket, but he hadn't realized what he was doing until he heard his mother's low, scandalized, "Steven!" and then he looked down and saw that he'd drawn all over the empty back flaps of his father's little Key of Heaven. His mother snatched the book from his hand with a glare that nearly sent Steve into tears: of guilt, at spoiling his father's book and making his mother angry at him; of loss, because even so, he wanted his pictures back. His mother frowned down at the little black leather book, then she looked up at the fourth Station, then back down at the book. Her face softened, and that was maybe even worse: Steve knew where he was when his mother was angry, but this felt like he'd jumped into deep
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Socialism
Science Fiction
Atheism
Roman Catholicism
Blasphemy
World War II
end of the line
Steve Rogers' Whole Life
St. Michael's Muscled Arms
Greenwich Village Is Full of Freaks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

