Chapter 1





Chapter Text

It hurt like a son of a bitch.

Tony knew pain. He was good at pain. Good at giving it, good at taking it. He knew the ins and outs. Had felt battery acid burn his veins, had felt the sharp betrayal of a man he had looked up to for so long. Just to name a few. Pain was familiar. 

But this? Just because it was familiar didn’t make it better. He was on the verge of something. Something bad. He expected the cold air to sting, but this was something different. Something harsher. The drag of sandpaper on an open wound. 

The suit was supposed to help him. But even Tony couldn’t make something out of nothing. And that’s what the suit was. Ripped apart and bent in and cutting into and crushing his chest.

He did this. He didn’t need to go after the Winter Soldier like that. Maybe Steve wouldn’t have…

That’s what hurt most of all. Captain America did this to him. The shield that his father made was his downfall.

Tony guessed he always had expected that of dear old dad.

The thing about breathing was that it’s mostly an involuntary function. Sure, Tony could hold his breath, but his body would eventually overcome that. Would force him to suck in precious oxygen. He didn’t know if it hurt more to breath or not to at this point. Tony guessed it didn’t matter.

It’d be over with soon enough.

Death wasn’t supposed to be comforting. Space had always haunted him. 

But at least the endless vast of nothing was familiar. 

He was supposed to be better than this.

He’d always known he wasn’t.

---

The thing is, Tony has had his suit die before. He’s put in layer after layer of protocols, some for if it ran out of juice, others for it it went offline. Even more for if someone else got their hands on it.

He’d spent hours and hours pouring over code and planning for any possible instance. 

Sure, he’d never factored in Captain America trying to kill him before, but sometimes the details weren’t as important.

What was important was this:


The Mark XLVI had sustained serious damage
The Mark XLVI had been cut off from its main power supply
The Mark XLVI had been cut off from its auxiliary power supplies
Tony was injured
Tony was non-responsive

Damage to the suit was expected. 

Being cut off from the power supply was an issue.

Tony Stark being non-responsive in the middle of Siberia activated eighteen different protocols.

---

Pepper Potts’ main strength was not her poker face or her ability to walk in stilettos all day. No. Rather, it was her ability to act. Pepper Potts didn’t freeze. She might panic, she might be absolutely terrified and uncomfortable, but she did not freeze.

Pepper Potts was very good at doing. Years working as Tony Stark’s PA before Afghanistan had made her unflappable. There were trials by fire and then there was trying to make Tony Stark drink water after three days in Vegas.

So, when Pepper Potts’ tablet rang for the third time in a row during a meeting, when it had the audacity to actually ring when she had it set on silent, Pepper Potts glanced down at the device to see twelve missed messages and three missed calls from FRIDAY. 

FRIDAY didn’t call her. Even JARVIS hadn’t called her. They might have been the one doing the calling, but it was always Tony. 

Something was wrong. Wrong in the way that meant the merger she was currently discussing wasn’t worth a grain of salt if she didn’t figure out what the hell was happening.

Pepper cleared her throat, stopping the lawyer mid-sentence.

“I’m sorry to interrupt, gentlemen,” she said, voice carefully leveled. “But something has come up that I must take care of immediately.”

The five men were shocked, eyes wide and mouths unmoving. 

Pepper stood up, tablet in hand. The messages from FRIDAY were front and center on her screen. 

“Ms. Potts,” the lawyer said. “I understand that there might be an emergency, but this meeting has been planned for months.”

“I understand that,” Pepper replied in a tone that allowed no argument. “But, this is both a private emergency and something that could affect the company.” They all knew Tony was Iron Man. They could figure it out. “As such, I am sorry to say that we will need to reschedule. I’ll have my PA find a time.”

Her PA was very, very good. A woman after her own heart, truly. 

“Thank you, gentlemen.”

She turned on her heel and strode out of the room. Every step toward the door had her heart pounding even faster in her chest. 

As soon as the door shut behind her, she pulled an earpiece out of her bag. 

“FRIDAY, what’s happening?” 

FRIDAY’s familiar -- never as familiar as JARVIS -- lilt filled her ear. “Boss and the Mark XLVI are unresponsive.”

Pepper swallowed down the fear. “Unresponsive as in no signal or unresponsive as in-”

“-unresponsive as in Dr. Strange has been dispatched to his last known location and Dr. Cho has been summoned to the med-bay.”

Dr. Stephen Strange was a man Pepper had heard of. She remembered him from various galas, had offered a meaningless 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Canon Compliant
Technopathy
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Low-Key Becomes A Villain
but with good intentions
Extremis Tony Stark
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

