Chapter 1: the itsy bitsy spider
    




Chapter Text
Peter had thought that the most dangerous part of his life was putting on his skintight red suit and swinging around the city with webs. He hadn't thought that his cover identity, a photographer for the Daily Bugle, would ever be more dangerous. Apparently he was wrong.The day had started off normally enough. Jonah yelled at him as soon as he entered the office and then sent Peter out to get him coffee. When Peter returned the receptionist started flirting with him, making him blush. After working for several hour and getting yelled at by Jonah several more times he got several texts from Wade that made him blush even more than the receptionist had.Wade had been gone for the last several nights on a mission. He wouldn't tell Peter the particulars, which made Peter very suspicious as to its legality. He was due home that evening though and had decided to text Peter a list of things that they would do to celebrate. It was not appropriate reading material for work.Late in the afternoon, Jonah shouted at Peter from his office. "Parker! I need you to go take some pictures of that visiting congressman! We got the interview with him today but the reporter was too stupid to remember to remind me to send a photographer with her. Get some good ones and be back here with them fully developed in an hour."Peter didn't even bother explaining to Jonah that it was physically impossible to do all that in an hour. Instead, he silently collected his camera and went down to the bus stop.He hadn't brought his Spiderman suit that day. Sometimes he left it at home when he felt like pretending to be a normal person. It probably wasn't the smartest thing to do, but sometimes he missed feeling like everyone else. So he had left it folded up in the bottom of his dresser drawer in his and Wade’s apartment.He regretted it two minutes after the bus pulled away from the curve.The bus wasn't very full. Near Peter sat a young mother who was playing with her small daughter. A grumpy looking businessman kept glaring at the giggling child over the top of his newspaper. There were two men sitting close to each other in the front and four more in the back, but Peter didn't notice anything odd until it was too late.As the bus pulled away from its stop, one of the men in the front stood up, reaching into his coat pocket and pulled out a gun, which he then aiming it at the driver's head. At the same time, the four men in the back and the other man who had been in the front pulled out guns, one of them moving around to stand by the emergency exit while the others each went to stand near Peter and the other passengers."You don't mind if we take a little detour, do you?" the man holding a gun to the driver’s head asked with a grin. He rattled off an address to the driver, whose grip on the steering wheel had turned white knuckled. The kidnapper was wearing a tan trench coat and a black baseball cap. The hair that stuck out from all angles underneath the cap was such a bright color of orange that it looked like a poorly made wig.Orange-hair turned around to face Peter and the other three passengers. "Now, the rest of you be good little hostages and put your hands above your heads."The mother obeyed right away, whispering urgently for her daughter to do the same. The little girl giggled, thinking that it was another game and copied her mother. The businessman huffed."Listen here, you punk," he snapped. "I don’t have time for this. I need to be in a meeting in ten minutes and I'll be damned if idiots playing villain, trying to get fifteen minutes of fame, are going to stop me."He made to stand up, but the man standing next to him shoved the gun into the side of his head and cocked it. The businessman went pale and slid down into his seat."We're not playing," Orange-hair said softly. "Some people in here are worth a lot of money and intend to make the most of it. Now, hands up."The businessman raised his hands, trembling, into the air. Peter felt the cold of a gun pressed into his neck."You too, nerd," the man behind him said.Peter raised his hands slowly above his head, his mind racing. He didn't have his suit or webs with him. He could probably toss all six of them out on their asses with his strength alone, but not when they were holding guns to other people's heads. Peter clenched his jaw. Apparently he had gotten just what he wanted today: to be a normal, helpless person. It sucked."I don't want any funny business here today,” Orange-hair said. “Nobody play hero. Nobody try to escape. We'll shoot all of you dead if you try anything, so just do what we say and you've got nothing to worry about. As soon as we get our money you can all be on your merry way.""Who the hell on this bus is worth a ransom?" the businessman asked in a voice that was clearly intended to sound gruff and unafraid, but came out as more of a squeak."People aren't always what they appear to be," Orange-hair replied cryptically.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Angst
Humor
Violence
Romance
Action
Tumblr Prompt
Kidnapping
Spideypool - Freeform
wade falling off things
and not thinking plans through
Peter is a badass
and a little ball of sunshine
Explicit Language
Suspense
Sort Of
Hurt/Comfort
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

