Work Text:
Steve Rogers at thirteen is a constant ball of rage, bruises, and delicate wrists that get twisted behind his back far too often for Bucky’s liking. He is permanently ill, determined and game for everything, which accounts for at least half of the scrapes they get into. Steve makes life interesting. Bucky’s Ma might disagree, but he knows he made the right choice when he decided to side with the little stubborn nothing of a kid defending a cat from bullies twice his age. Steve had looked eerily similar to the disgruntled cat, fit to claw someone’s eyes out - the funniest thing Bucky had ever seen, even as a stupid seven year old that was about to get the shit kicked out of him and lose a baby tooth in the process. He had spat blood on the ground and then helped Steve to his feet, scraped and with a bloody nose dripping into his mouth. “You’re an idiot, but you’re alright,” he had said, and Steve had said “high praise from a guy missing teeth,” and less than three weeks later they’d been doing blood friendship pacts and sleeping on each other’s couches, and they had never looked back.So. He’s glad he met Steve. But sometimes, as today when he’s grounded for tearing a shirt beyond salvage, from following Steve up a tree to pick peaches, he rethinks it a bit. He’s just so bored. He’s been banished to his curtained partition of the room he shares with his sisters for three days already, and it’s starting to chafe. It wasn’t even his fault; he just couldn’t let Steve get up that tree on his own, the idiot probably would’ve fallen to his death. He sighs again, as he’s done all afternoon long, half draped over the windowsill. It’s too hot to be stuck inside. The entire city feels like it’s holding its breath for a little breeze that refuses to come, and through the open curtains of the building opposite his, Bucky can see men down to their undershirts and women smoking with half their bodies out the windows while they fan themselves with old newspapers. There are no kids, because unlike Bucky, they can come and go as they please and they don’t have to suffocate inside a stifling apartment. He goes back to idly flicking through an old comic book, but he soon snaps it shut, having had enough. With a last wary look around the street to see if anyone that could tattle to his mother is watching, he lowers himself to the fire escape. The burning metal makes him want to hiss through his teeth, but he holds it in until he’s all the way down to the ground, and then he shakes his hands and stomps his feet and curses creatively. Steve’s own fire escape three blocks away is a familiar one, from the countless times he’s climbed it to sneak in for Steve and sneak out with Steve in tow.Once he climbs through the window, Steve is in the little kitchen, pretending he knows what he’s doing as he tries to make stew. Bucky sighs and crowds him away from the stove with his hip, until Steve stops acting like he’s not glad to leave it alone and goes to sit by the table. “Hi, by the way. Feel welcome to my house and my kitchen and my goddamn stew,” he says, without any real heat. They’ve been sneaking into each other’s apartments for years now.“I will, thanks.” There’s not even that much work left to do on the stew. He finishes chopping up the turnips and steadily pretends not to notice just how little meat there is to brown. He’s made the mistake of pointing it out to Steve before, and he can live without the prickly behavior.“Thought you were grounded.”Bucky shrugs. “Yeah, and whose fault was that.”“I said you didn’t have to climb that tree with me. Anyway, normal people get mad, not go around offering to cook for them.”“Whatever, you’re a shit cook.”No one says anything, because nothing can be said against that. The kitchen is even more oppressive than Bucky’s room had been, the air stale and heavy and now lightly smelling like meat and rosemary. Bucky hums a bit as he finishes with the stew. There’s not much to do but wait now.When he turns around to face Steve, he’s drawing on the table, tongue peeking out as he concentrates on a detail. It’s a scene he’s seen a million times, but Bucky has been cooped up for days, and he’s eager to go out.“So what’cha up to today?”“Mmm, not much.” Steve keeps drawing, a slight frown on his face.“What, you’re just gonna sit there are draw all day?”“I might. Pass me some water, would you?”Bucky snorts, but does as he’s told. Steve looks good. He’s always at his healthiest in summer. “Here ya go, your highness, sir,” he says with a curtsey, but not even that gets much of a reaction.“Thanks, Buck.” Jesus, just what is he drawing, they haven’t seen each other in a few days, you’d think Steve would be glad to see him.“Hey.” Nothing.“Hey, Steve.” He just gets a grunt in response.“Heeeey.”“What,” Steve says moodily. Bucky settles with his elbows on the table to see what he’s drawing.“Is that Rosie Dougall?”Steve turns red immediately and holds the paper close to his chest. “No it isn’t.”“Looks li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Practice Kissing
Friends to Lovers
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Wartime
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
First Kiss
First Time
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Period-Typical Homophobia
Pining
Slow Build
Idiots in Love
teenage fumblings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

