Chapter 1



Summary:

In which you and Peter Parker get assigned a project.





Chapter Text
It was your third block - history - and you sat tiredly at your unassigned assigned desk. Term was wrapping up and it was time for the subjectively worst part of the semester: the big term project. You knew you wouldn’t get lucky with a simple slideshow or even a short essay. No, it was a full scale project that you’d have to present in front of the class with a demonstration. Worse than that, it was a group project.  You bounced your leg nervously as you read over the rubric. It would certainly require focus, time, and (something your professor had mentioned repeatedly) plenty of time outside of class. You listened as he listed off the groups in sets of three. You quickly realized that your class of 29 wouldn’t divide evenly and your heart sunk as he reached the end of the list.  “And finally, Y/F/N and Peter Parker will be the group of two. And I won’t be giving you any free passes, I expect the best from all of you,” he said. The bell rang dismissing the class to their next period.  Lunch and fourth period passed by in a rush as you threw yourself into your classwork. You didn’t have very many friends to socialize with during the day, your busy schedule not allowing for such a luxury. You weren’t on bad terms with anybody (other than Flash, the school bully), but you just weren’t close to anyone. And that was why it took you by surprise when Peter slid into the usually empty seat beside you during fifth block physics.  “Hey, Y/N.” He looked nervous.  You gave him a small smile back. “Peter. Hope everything is going well. How’s academic decathlon going?” you asked, trying to make him less uncomfortable.  He perked up at the mention. “It’s going great, you really should join though. The team would be so lucky to have you.” They had been trying to recruit you for the club since you had entered school, every member having approached you at least once.  You thought back to what your father had said when you first proposed the idea. Not only what he said, but how he had reacted. It was not a fun memory. “I really can’t, Peter, I have a job. Really difficult hours.”  “Well, maybe you should get a new job,” he suggested. “Not- not to sound rude, I mean, if you like your job then you should keep it, and I know you said things for your family were tough and uh-”  “Peter,” you interrupted as he began to ramble. “I’ve been thinking about it, honestly. But I really can’t look for a new job on top of studying. Speaking of which, the history project?”  Your professor, Mr. Downey had finished whatever he was working on and called attention for the class, cutting the conversation short. “Guess we’ll talk after class,” you said apologetically.  Halfway through the lecture, a note slid across to you while Mr. Downey’s back was turned.  Are you busy on Tuesdays? Right after school.  It read.   I can make time. Library?  You scratched back quickly. You folded the note and passed it back. He nodded in response and you both continued your note taking diligently.  You smiled at Peter as the both of you split ways. You picked up the books you had dropped off at lunch and turned to go. When you turned around, however, you were face to face with Flash Thompson. He trapped you with arms on either side of your head.  “Well, well, if it isn’t pretty little Y/L/N,” he jested.  You narrowly refrained from groaning. “What do you want Flash? For the 73rd time, I’m not going out with you.” His smirk fell quickly. “You’re making a mistake.”  “You were a mistake,” you scoffed.  Oh shit, Y/N, what did you just say?   “You wanna say that again, bitch?” he demanded.  You stood, frozen, and he must’ve taken it as a no.  “I fuckin’ thought so. Get out of my face,” he ordered, shoving you into the lockers as he left.  You walked towards the metro numbly. It wasn’t the first time you’d heard such comments, and it certainly wasn’t going to be the last. You took the train to your run down neighborhood, not making any extra stops on your way home. Not many people knew, but you were one of the few students who managed to get into Midtown by smarts alone. In short: you were there on a full scholarship.  The ride home was short, only about fifteen minutes. You checked your watch as you got off your stop. If you were fast enough, you’d get home before your father. If you were even faster, it would give you the chance to grab your work clothes and a quick snack, but you didn’t feel like running home that day. Speed walking would get you there just fine. When you got to your apartment, your heart dropped. Your father’s car was already parked outside. You clutched the straps of your bag. There was nothing for it: you’d have to face him. You walked up to your apartment on the third floor dejectedly, trying to think of what you could say to all of his questions.  You didn’t bother to call out when you entered. If you were quiet, he might not even know you’re there. Y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Reader
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Reader
Sam Wilson & Reader
Natasha Romanov & Reader

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Bullying
Good Peter
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Avengers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tags Are Hard
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Established Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Adoption
Avengers Tower
Tags May Change
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Slow Romance
Domestic Avengers
Domestic Fluff
Found Family
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Panic Attacks
Not Beta Read
Self-Insert
Avengers Family
Friends to Lovers
Lesbian Michelle Jones
Meme Lord Shuri (Marvel)
Bisexual Shuri (Marvel)
This is literally one of the SLOWEST Slow burns you'll ever find
I honestly don't know if there's a slower slow burn than this fic
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Lesbian Shuri (Marvel)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Mentioned Michelle Jones/Shuri
Bully Flash Thompson
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Reader
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Reader
Sam Wilson & Reader
Natasha Romanov & Reader

