Work Text:
Peter can’t believe this. He would shake his head in an expression of his utter disbelief, but there’s currently a gun pressed to his temple, so he thinks that perhaps that would be a bad idea.This sort of thing wasn’t supposed to happen to him anymore. He was Spiderman now. Didn’t that mean that he was supposed to give off some sort of ‘don’t fuck with me’ vibe that kept petty criminals from messing with him, whether he was in costume or not?What? It worked for the Avengers, and the Fantastic Four and the X-Men and…oh, yeah, come to think of it – everyone knew who they were. Maybe that had something do with it.Still, this sort of thing was beyond annoying.The gun dug a little deeper into his temple and a voice growled threatening, “Don’t move, kid. I won’t tell you again.”So Peter mentally sighed as he was dragged off his bus, along with a half a dozen or so other people and into a nearby store. The police had the place surrounded, but they were pretty much useless at hostage situations. He just hoped they didn’t get in the way when the bad happened.And, oh boy, was it going to happen. Peter almost felt sorry for the idiot criminals, but robbing banks and taking kids hostage? They kinda deserved what they got.* * * * *Wade didn’t watch the news much. It wasn’t interesting unless they were reporting stuff about Spidey, who was always interesting. Especially when they got a good shot of him from behind. That spandex was really…tight.[and we get to fondle that behind, aren’t we so lucky?]<We so are!>He’d just stopped the last disc of season one of his favourite show. Hint: it’s the one with the grey haired cougars. The news happened to be playing, and maybe it was interesting, ‘cause some lame brains had robbed a bank and apparently decided taking hostages was better than shooting it out with the cops, the fuzz, the boys in blue [hey, that’s kind of sexist, it should be the boys and girls in blue], the polizei, the policia, the keisatsu, the gendarmes [hey! We speak French now?], the P-I…hang on!The camera zoomed in on one of the robbers, who was using a young man as a human shield and had a gun pressed to the temple of the aforementioned young man. And that young man was, “Peter!”“D’you think we should tell the readers exactly what’s going to happen next, or d’you think they can guess?”[I’m pretty sure they can guess.] Wow, yellow was drier than dust today."But we’ve got to have exposition, yellow. Otherwise where’s the plot?"<Who says we need plot?> chimed in white“’Cause this isn’t a PWP! You know she can’t write those, even when she deliberately tries!”[who’s ‘she’?]<The writer, you numbskull. Aren't we paying attention?>Normally, Wade doesn’t mind arguing with his boxes, ‘cause they’re lots of fun and just as crazy as him, but time’s a wastin’ and his baby boy Petey is in trouble. And he won’t be able to use his Spidey powers to get out of it ‘cause of having that pesky secret identity thing going on.[It doesn’t happen very often -]<- but when you're right, you're right. They took our baby boy ->[- and now they have to die!]“They’re going to.”Picking up his katanas and adding a few more knives and guns to various hiding places about his person, Wade pulled his mask on and slipped out the window. “Doors are lame.”<So lame.>* * * * *Peter sighed internally as his hands were secured behind his back with zip ties and he was pushed down to sit against a counter, the last in a line of eight people who were all similarly tied up.“I’m really not into bondage,” he told the goon who pushed him into place. “And you’re doing it wrong. You need some education before you try to be a dom.”The goon just snarls at him, “Shut up!”Unfortunately, Peter has always had trouble stopping his mouth. “You haven’t been reading Fifty Shades of Grey, have you? Because whoever wrote that book needs to be educated as well, it was so wrong in so many ways.”“Shut up!” This time he gets a fist across his face for his trouble.He recoils from the blow, spits some blood out of his mouth, stares up at the goon and says, “I’m not into sadism or masochism, either. Seriously, stop reading bad fanfic.”The goon brings his fist back again and Peter tenses for another blow when another black clad figure grabs the goon’s arm, “We need them in reasonable condition to get out of here. Just ignore the smart mouth.”This must be the leader of this pack of morons. He doesn’t seem like a moron and Peter wonders what he’s doing teaming up with them.“Good choice, man. You seriously don’t want to hurt me anymore than you have, anyway. It’s not a good life choice.”“Oh, yeah,” the leader sneers. “How’s that?”Ah, so a little bit smarter than the others, but not that much smarter. Explains a lot.“My fiancée doesn’t like it when people hurt me.” Peter’s using little words in the hopes that the message will sink in. “He gets angry, and then people die.”“Well,” the leader says sarcastically, “I’m shaking in my size 10’s.” He turns to the goon and says, “Wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Deadpool/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Wade and his boxes
stupid bad guys
Hostage Situation
Snarky Peter
wade breaking the fourth wall kind of
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Deadpool/Peter Parker

