Chapter 1: Emergency
    




Chapter Text
             
 
                The Winter Soldier pins his target to the wall by the neck with his boot. Dens process broken, spinal cord severed, target 23 terminated. Winter’s got five more of these fuckers to deal with. Despite SHEILD's best efforts HYDRA has made a comeback in the past three years by getting involved with countries in the Middle East where it’s a lot easier to disguise what they’re doing as something else. Today’s assignment is an emergency response to a small group of specially trained HYDRA operatives who are trying to break in and steal nuclear waste from a bunker in Nevada. The Winter Soldier was coming back from identifying something in New Mexico when he got the call to respond to this. He was the first one there.
                He turns around a corner now within thirty yards of where the vault they’ve broken into is located. Target 24 in hallway. He shoots target 24 in the forehead from ten yards. The vault door is open. Target 25 stands guard with a M-16. Winter’s got no cover. He shields his head with The Weapon and bolts down the hallway. A few bullets hit his vest, a few more bounce off The Weapon. Winter makes the run in 1.2 seconds, knocks the gun out of the target's hand and takes it in his own. He shoots target 24 with his own gun. The Winter Soldier points the gun at the four targets inside the vault. He counts three. Damn. The Winter Soldier shoots two of them dead. The third one he just shoots in the hands, reducing them to stumps. He closes the vault. Leave um, target 28 can’t do shit in there. The Winter Soldier is about to lock the vault when his phone starts ringing. The Winter Soldier clicks the com in his ear so it transfers over to his cell phone.
                “Hello?” Bucky answers.
                “Mommy, we need help. Where are you?” Sasha asks him. Shit, he was supposed to have been home fifteen minutes ago and he forgot to call.
                “I’m sorry Sweet Pea! I forgot to call, I’m in Nevada dealing with HYDRA. Everything's okay. I’ve got one left and then I’m on my way home. I should be there in an hour.” Bucky tells her. She sighs and talks to her brother in the background. Jamie sounds like he’s crying. He gets a call on the other line. Oh now what?
                “Winter.” He answers.
                “We’re here.” Steve says. He and STRIKE just got there apparently. Great that means Steve’s no closer to the kids.
                “I’ve got one I can’t find, there’s a live one in the vault, and the rest are dead. I’ve got to go, something’s going on at home.”
                “What’s going on at home?” Steve asks concernedly. Bucky spots him and his team at the only entrance/exit in the compound.  Bucky switches the call over to the kids.
                “Mommy?” Sasha whines. She usually doesn’t whine, which must mean the situation is serious.
                “Yes baby I’m here.”
                “Jamie got his butt stuck in the toilet again.” AGAIN! Really? This happened two weeks ago, why is this even a reoccurring thing!? He’s never heard of this happening to anyone except for his son. It has officially happened a grand total of four times over the past six months.
                “Okay…” Bucky rubs his eyes as he approaches his mate. Steve shrugs and points at his own ear piece questioningly. Bucky pats Steve on the chest as he passes him on his way out. “Jamie got stuck again.” He tells him. Steve pauses and blinks with his mouth slightly open.
                “Again?” He says, exasperated. Bucky’s out of ear shot on his way to his own Quinjet.
                “Did you try the pam spray?” Bucky asks his daughter.
                “Yes, it did not work this time. He said it hurt and started crying.” Sasha responds.
                “Would you put Jamie on the phone please?” There is some shuffling and then he hears his son sniffle and whimper.
                “Mommy?”
                “Baby what did you do?” Bucky says as he starts up the jet and gets on his way.
                “Sasha’s fault! She left the seat up again!” He cries.
                “That doesn’t give you an excuse to just sit down without looking!” Sasha screeches in the background.
                “It is too your fault! You always do this! You are the only one!” Jamie yells back at her.
                “Okay, okay! Stop!” Bucky yells. “Stop with the yelling it is not helping. Who’s home right now?”
                “I don’t know. Mommy I have to poo.” Jamie whines. Bucky slaps himself in the face and tries not to laugh.
                “You’re stuck on a toilet, why is that a problem?” He asks.
                “Because my butts too far down! I’d poo on myself.” He sobs. Bucky folds his arms on the control console and leans his head against them to hide from the world. “When will you be here?”
                “Not for about an hour. Can you call somebody closer until I get there?” Bucky asks.
                “Sasha’s calling Wade.”
   
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Family
Kid Fic
Fluff and Humor
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve
Chapters 3 and 4 are explicit
Birthday
Awkwardness
Bucky is the best kind of mom
the kind that teaches thir children about how to kill people
Steve is the best dad
Halloween
Playdates
Cute Kids
First Day of School
Protective Bucky Barnes
Farts

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

