Chapter 1: Aftermath
    


Summary:

Peter Parker has a guilt complex and accidentally reveals his identity to the decathlon team.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter doubted any of his teammates noticed the blaring news channel in the corner of the gym. It’s constant chatter had long ago become a staple within decathlon practices and its position in the far corner was enough to make everyone forget its presence- everyone but Peter. Peter’s super hearing couldn’t help but take in every word the reporter uttered. Mr. Harrington kept asking review questions, the team kept practicing, Flash kept reading his magazine and the world kept turning. Yet, all that Peter could focus on was the clear-cutting voice of the news announcer as she summarized last night’s events. 
“…the unfortunate death of Natalie Tailor, a seven-year old girl from queens. The Tailor family was attacked at 9pm last night by 6 escaped convicts from the Lincoln Correctional Facility. During the struggle one of the attackers, a man named Kyle Johnson, shot the young girl in her attempt to escape. A toxicology report claims that all 6 of these men had high doses of cocaine in their system during the time of the attack. Thanks to the help of our friendly, neighborhood Spiderman all 6 of those criminals are back behind bars. And yet, Mark Tailor, the little girl’s father, is claiming that without Spiderman, his daughter would still be alive.”

“They were only after our money. If Spiderman hadn’t shown up, the guns wouldn’t have been fired at all. It’s his fault that my little girl is just…” 
The power turned off and Peter realized that, while he had zoned out, MJ had stood up and walked over to the TV. We don’t need that thing bugging us while we’re working,” she stated before returning to her seat. “I can’t believe that Spiderman is slipping,” called out Brad as he walked into the room. The offhanded comment caused Peter to cringe inside. “He’s not slipping!” Flash replied in ferocity as he set aside his magazine. “Well, you heard the dad, Spiderman caused the criminals to attack,” Brad replied, trying to defend himself as he took his seat on the stage.“You don’t know that that happened, Spiderman saved both of those parent’s lives and saved future people by putting those criminals back in prison!” “But the girl still died.” This time, it was Peter who spoke up and everyone looked confused. Peter barely spoke up in class, unless it was to answer a question. Yet, here he was- not only talking out loud, but also stating a pretty strong opinion. “The girl could’ve died anyway,” Flash replied indignantly“Well, we won’t know that, will we?” Peter continued as Brad sunk into his seat across the table, “Because the little girl is dead and it’s all Spiderman’s fault.” “Spiderman is a hero who puts his life at risk every time he goes out on the street,” Flash shouted as he angrily stalked towards the stage. “He didn’t shoot that little girl.” “He may as well have!” “Well, he didn’t. Spiderman is not responsible for the actions of other people, especially not criminals.” “Well, he’s responsible for his own actions and it’s Spiderman’s fault that he didn’t see the 6th criminal in the shadows. He should have been more observant. If he would’ve noticed, that little girl would still be alive.” “Stop talking about what-ifs. Spiderman saves lives. Period. End of story.” “Not end of story. The story ends when you realize that the little girl is dead, and your hero is just a fraud in a skintight suit.”“My hero has a dope suit and he has saved plenty of others in the past.” By now Flash was at Peter’s side and yelling right above his chair. “He didn’t save this one!” “Fine, maybe he didn’t. But at least the little girl died fast then.” “She didn’t die fast you idiot. She died slowly as the blood drained from her wound.” “You can’t know that.” “She died as her parents were cradling her in their arms and I couldn’t do anything to stop it. I couldn’t...” Peter cracked and bent over in his chair. The room went silent as everyone began to take in Peter’s statement. Flash looked bewildered, Susie Anne suddenly realized that Peter’s disappearances were not because he was a male escort, Brad realized that the hero he had picked on was the boy sitting beside him, Ned looked petrified, and the room seemed to be undergoing all stages of shock at once. MJ was the first to recover. She sighed and walked up to Peter. She pulled up a chair and winced as it squeaked mercilessly in the silence. She sat tentatively beside her boyfriend, putting her arms around him as he wept. “You’re not Spiderman,” Flash stated dumbly as he looked down on the face that was his hero. Peter didn’t move, but MJ simply looked up and gave Flash the most disapproving and predatory look she could manage- which was quite a stare- before returning to stroking Peter’s hair. “You’re not Spiderman,” Flash stated again indignantly.The room was still q
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Identity Reveal
Reveal
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Peter Parker is a Mess
Flash Thompson Redemption
POV Flash Thompson
Mentioned Flash Thompson
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Protective Michelle Jones
Awesome Michelle Jones
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Baggage
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker can't save everyone
Peter Parker guilt trip
decathlon knows
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
except it's the cabin and not stark industries
Morgan Stark and Peter Parker act like siblings
Peter Parker babysits Morgan stark
Flash Thompson Needs a Hug
Everyone Needs A Hug
Peter Parker Gets Shot
Peter Parker Gets Stabbed
morgan has to help him
morgan and peter sibling like relationship
morgan has to stitch up peter
Peter Parker therapy
Peter Parker sees a therapist
Peter Parkers school gets attacked
Peter Parker is not as subtle as he thinks he is
Lowkey the whole school knows
Peter Parker fluff
Oblivious Peter Parker
Social Media
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Supportive May Parker (Spider-Man)
May Parker remarries
Peter Parker has PTSD
Spiderman is poor
World tries to help Spiderman
Spiderman becomes rich
Spider-Man Interacting with New Yorkers
College Student Peter Parker
Peter Parker gets hurt again
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
Tony Stark Feels
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

