Chapter 1



Notes:
I did something similar to this earlier but deleted it because I didn't like how it was going so I'm rewriting it.  Hope you like it!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony always had trouble sleeping.  During the night he would make his way down to the kitchen and pull a chair up to the counter to reach a cup and pour himself a glass of water.  Most nights his dad was up late in his workshop and he could see the light flooding the hall and hear him cursing and banging things together.  This night was different, his parents were out of town and left him alone with his nanny and the maids.  He got his glass of water and went to push his chair back towards the table when he saw the woman standing outside the large glass doors that led to the backyard.  She was soaking wet from the rain and smiled as she pointed towards the doorknob.  He didn’t recognize her, he didn’t think she worked anywhere in the house so he didn’t move towards the door.  After a few minutes a man stepped in next to her and fiddled with the door.“Move, kid.”  She said, pushing past him once he unlocked the door.  Three men appeared behind her, turning from behind the wall and rushing in through the door.“I could have picked that lock just fine.”  One of the men said, pulling his dripping hood off of his head.“Less suspicious without the forced entry.  Someone watch the kid so he doesn’t wake anyone.”  The woman said and pulled off her raincoat, replacing it with a bandana over her mouth.  “He wasn’t supposed to be here.  What kind of parents don’t take a six year old with them when they go out of town?”One of the men shrugged.  “Who cares?  He’s here.  Just see if he can be useful, Buck.”Everyone stripped out of their wet coats and boots and covered their faces before continuing through the house.  They put their wet clothes in a large bag and put on new pairs of boots.  Tony worried his cup between his hands as they quickly exited the kitchen.  He glanced up at the man who had stayed behind with him.“Do you need something?  Papa’s not here if you’re looking for him so you’ll have to come back.”  Tony said.  The man looked down at him and sighed.  He grabbed him by the arms and lifted him up to sit on the table.  “That’s rude.  You shouldn’t grab people without their permission.  That’s what my mama says.”“I’ll keep that in mind.”  The man said, kneeling down to look him in the eye.  “You’re daddy actually sent us to pick up a few things.  Do you think you can show me where he works?”Tony shook his head and rubbed his tired eyes with his free hand.  He knew the rules and he didn’t trust these people.  He made a quick glance at the security camera in the corner of the kitchen.  It was facing away from the back door but saw most of the room.  The people hadn’t shown their faces since they got in so it was useless and they wore hoods when they were outside so those cameras probably didn’t see their faces either.“Sir, you seem nice but I’ve known my papa longer than I’ve known you and he don’t let anyone in there.  I’ve only been a few times.”  Tony said.  “Also, you guys are probably robbers.  That’s stupid because there’s security all over the place because my papa is a genius.  I’m probably smarter than you at this point.”The man sighed again but didn’t let go of his tight hold on his arm.  Tony tried to wiggle free, jumping down from the table and pulling lightly towards the door.  The man yanked him back and shook him slightly.  He didn’t like these people, especially the one who was hurting his arm with too strong of a grip and was growing more angry at the moment.  Tony glanced at the back door quickly.  It was still raining heavily but he didn’t mind.  He liked the rain and it was only a short walk to his Aunt Peggy’s house.  All he had to do was get free and make a run for it.“Papa didn’t send you, did he?”  Tony asked.“Sure he did.  Just needs us to pick up something from his office.”  He said.  “You can trust us.  My name is Buck and I’m a nice man.  Look, we even took off all our wet shoes so we wouldn’t track footprints all over your big nice house.  Wouldn’t that make your mom happy?”“I think she would be happy with people not breaking into her house.”  Tony said.  His head snapped back from the force of the hand slapping across his face.  Tony was tempted to keep talking, anger bubbling inside of him but he knew that would only make it worse, angering him more.  He dropped his head and looked to the floor silently.Tony glanced up towards the door every few minutes.  Buck was pacing around the kitchen so he figured he wouldn’t notice right away if he made a run for it.  Tony knew the only problem was that he would have to jump over the fence that circled the property.  He took a single step towards the door when one of the other men walked back in.  This one was shorter than Buck but looked strong and it made Tony nervous. “When they said the Starks were l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
eventual Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Tony Feels
Tony Angst
Bruce Feels
Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Kidnapping
Kid Tony Stark
Protective Clint
Protective Natasha
Protective Steve
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Child Neglect
Food Issues
Suicidal Thoughts
Author has never been to MIT
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Stockholm Syndrome
Hurt/Comfort
Torture
Suicide Attempt
Character Death
Abandonment Issues
Hurt Tony

fandom: 
eventual Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

