Chapter 1: A is for Aftercare
    




Chapter Text
Bucky’s back. Rose cannot believe it. After five long years, he’s finally back.~~~Bucky got snapped in the Blip, but Rose didn’t. The pair met in Wakanda, after Bucky had woken up from cryo. Rose was a nurse in the Wakandan Palace and was assigned to Bucky, to hopefully help him recover and acclimate to Wakandan life. And that’s exactly what she did for him. During the months Bucky lived in Wakanda, he and Rose grew very close. Day after day, they spent more time together and eventually, Bucky asked her to be his girl. It was a magical moment really. He had brought Rose out to one of the many waterfalls in the area, and asked her over a picnic. From that moment on, the pair had been inseparable. Bucky never thought he would deserve love, but there was Rose. She gave him hope, gave him love, gave him a home in this new crazy world. She made him believe that he deserved love, even after everything in his past. She was his miracle. And he was hers. She never thought she’d meet someone so gentle, so kind, so pure. But she met Bucky, who was all of those things and more. He was the best guy she ever knew and she just wanted to give him the world. Their entire relationship was fantastic, until Thanos. In the blink of an eye, Bucky was ripped away from her. Even though she was a nurse, she had trained to fight with the Dora Milaje, so she was right by his side when it happened. Bucky had turned to her with fear in his eyes and whispered her name right before turning into dust. Rose had never felt more broken in her life. The love of her life, just ripped into pieces in front of her and there was nothing she could do. She only wished that she was next. Wished that she didn’t have to live in this world without him. But that never came. Turns out, she would have to find a way to live without him. And she did. She found a way to live without Bucky. At first, it was months and months of crying and heartache. A lot of sleepless nights. But she wasn’t alone in her struggle. Everyone was hurting. And suddenly, she was needed elsewhere. King T’Challa and Steve Rogers decided she would be most helpful in New York, where the majority of the remaining Avengers would be returning to, so Rose went to New York. It was odd, being outside of Wakanda. Even weirder without Bucky. But she was happy she could be helpful to the others, so she maintained a happy face during the day, but at night she couldn’t help but cry herself to sleep. Steve eventually caught on to what was going on. His room was close to Rose’s, and he’d often hear her at night, crying. He knew her and Bucky had had a relationship, him and Rose spoke about him from time to time, but he didn’t realize just how hurt she was. Eventually, he talked to her about it. As gently as he possibly could. They were both hurting, bad. This was the upteenth time Bucky has gotten taken away from him, and she just lost the love of her life. And so they began to heal together, often having long talks about everything and nothing. Over time, Rose and Steve became close. Really close. And they fell in love. It was difficult at first, to process those emotions. Rose never expected to have those emotions for anyone ever again, but there was Steve. So patient, kind, strong. And she loved him. And Steve loved her. He knew exactly what Bucky saw in her. A beautiful miracle of a woman. After a lot of long talks, the pair decided to move on together. It was what Bucky would want, the pair argued to themselves. They knew it was true. If Bucky had to choose, he would choose his best friend for Rose. He’d want them to be happy. So they were. But now they all found themselves in a strange situation. Bucky’s back. ~~~Rose first saw him on the battlefield, out of the corner of her eye. She was in shock at first, but she shook it off so she didn’t get herself killed. Her main priorities were protecting herself and Steve, even though she knew he didn’t really need her. But she couldn’t help but let herself beam when she saw him with Mjölnir. She knew he was worthy. And she let herself smile that Bucky was back. No matter what came of his return, it would be nice to have him back in her life, possibly. Currently, Rose was in the medic tent helping treat whoever needed to be treated. She was working on Scott’s wounds, chatting away with him about everything that just happened (A/N: We’re all going to pretend Tony didn’t d*e for my own sanity. Ok? Ok!), when she heard someone enter the tent from behind her. Rose turned slightly as to not jostle Scott too much, when she saw who it was. Her heart immediately sunk at the sight of him. Bucky. “Hi,” Rose managed to breathe out. All she could do was stare at him, taking him in. She hadn’t seen him for five long years, who could blame her? “Hi,” Bucky replied back, just as unsure as her. For what was five years for Rose, was only five minutes to him. Nothing has changed for him. He didn’t know what changed for
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
Post-Canon
Post-Endgame
Steve doesnt leave
Tony Stark Lives
NSFW
Alphabet
No Beta We Die as Men
Threesome - F/M/M
blowjob
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Face-Sitting
Aftercare
Dom Bucky Barnes
Dom/sub
sub Reader
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Daddy Kink
Light Bondage
Blindfolds
Cock Worship
Collars
Double Penetration
Double Vaginal Penetration
Edgeplay
Face-Fucking
Gags
Dry Humping
Humiliation
Ice Play
Jerk Off
Knifeplay
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Nipple Play
Orgasm Control
Overstimulation
Punishment
Quickies
Rimming
Spanking
Subdrop
Safeword Use
thigh riding
Military Uniforms
Voice Kink
Watersports
Sex Toys

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

