Chapter 1: And as Always, it Begins
    


Notes:
beta read by the magnificent lovelylittleloki <3 I've been working on this fic for... so long, and while it's not even close to being finished I decided to just post it already. Chapter two should be up next week. This is a longuun, since I'm combining chapter one and the prologue. If I do it any other way it'll annoy me.Warning for a gory dream sequence at the end of the chapter!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Prologue   

The child was born small. Far too small. It was a time of war, of death, of hunger. Food went first to the mothers-to-be or nursing babes, the children, and the aging, but the shortage wore on them all even so. For the last fifty years of the war, children born rarely survived past a decade, if not succumbing to hunger or illness sooner. Laufey was not expecting to father a child. When Faurbauti gave him the unexpected news, he pretended to see it as the blessing she did. Jotunheim rejoiced. "This is a sign," they said. "The tides will turn," they said. "The next King," they said. But Laufey was very afraid. He gave everything to Faurbauti—all the food he could spare. He kept her out of battle, despite her prowess as a mage. It was not enough.

The child was born small.

Laufey had never seen an infant so small. It would not nurse—it did not have the strength. Faurbauti tried everything she knew and cried when she told him that their son would not survive the week. The grief was already destroying her. Laufey wouldn't let it.

The truth he could never tell Farbauti was that he didn't care for the child. He had no name for it. He had no plans for it. He wouldn't even acknowledge it as anything more than 'the child' in his mind. It was a child, and it was going to die, he knew before it was even born. He did not let himself get attached.
And yet... Farbauti loved it. Loved it more than anything else, more than her own life. She would die for her child without hesitation. She would die with it.
Laufey, King of Jotunheim, was strong enough to accept the death of his child without any grief of his own. But he could not live with the grief of his wife.

In the dead of night, the King of Jotunheim searched the library with rabid fervor. The Aesir armies were growing close—his generals begged for his aid. But he would not go to them, even as the light of the Bifrost became visible, a brilliant flash of color rending the night sky and booming like thunder. He knew the pattern well—every hour, two new legions sent and one recalled. Every half hour, the injured returned to their realm, along with the bodies of the dead. He ignored the bursts of light outside the gaping library windows, refused to let guilt find a hold in him. Laufey was known as a fair king, a just king, perhaps even a wise king. He was not known as selfless. His people died without him, and he found it hard to care. In the city streets, they rioted. Asgard drew ever nearer.

In an ancient spellbook, pages brittle from a millennium of chill and ink long faded from black to slate gray, he found the answer. A long-forgotten spell used to bring warriors back from the brink of death, or cure those with an incurable illness. It revitalized the life force of dying Jotnar with the Casket of Ancient Winters, the life force of all Jotunheim.

Outside the great city of Utgard, the legions of Asgard were within sight. He told Faurbauti to flee to the mountains. He promised he'd join her soon—with a healthy, strong son. Drafting a nearby legion of guards and a handful of seidfolk, they made haste for the temple where the Casket was housed. The Aesir were coming for it. That was their goal, it was clear to all of Jotunhiem. They wanted to take the Casket, the very heart of Jotunheim. Her lifesbreath. Laufey couldn't care less if they claimed it—as long as they waited til after he had saved the life of his son.

Their klakepnan raced over the ice-plains, faster and more efficient than any Aesir horse. Even the crown princess's wolf couldn't match the speed of Jotunheim's native beasts on the ice-plains. The seidfolk rode as close together as they could manage, pouring over the tattered old tome and planning their spell in urgent voices, raised loud to travel over the cutting fingers of the wind. Even riding at top speed it took three hours to reach the temple, rather than one. Jotunheim had conjured a blizzard to protect herself—and the closer to the Casket they were, the harsher it became. They pressed on. And finally, the temple was in sight through the glimmering sheets of snow that were her shield. Laufey had the sinking realization, as he unwrapped his son from the furs that had sheltered him on the journey only to see him pale and still, that if the spell did not succeed, the boy would not live to see the setting of the sun. His son could not handle the chill of the journey.

The seidfolk lit the torches throughout the temple and flo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Past Misunderstanding Of Epic Proportions
No Slash
No Smut
No Incest
canon pairings only
Chronic Illness
Chronic Pain
Major Illness
Suicidal Thoughts
Self-Harm
Self-Hatred
Self-Esteem Issues
Odin (Marvel)'s B+ Parenting
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Awesome Brunnhilde | Valkyrie (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Sick Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Team as Family
Brotherly Love
Brotherly Affection
Brotherly Angst
Adopted Sibling Relationship
Caretaking
Sharing a Bed
There will be a happy ending
at some point
this is a long one folks
Trigger warnings will be at the beginning of each chapter
shoutout to the person who described my fic as
'the one where loki has breakdowns and gets dressed'
that's the fic title now thank you

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki & Thor

