Work Text:



Cosy

Tony raises himself up onto his elbows and gives a jaw-cracking yawn, blinking blearily at the man hovering at the foot of his bed.He’d never really expected a repeat or even another mention of their little back alley tryst, had already written it off as a onetime occurrence and been perfectly all right with that. Tony is no stranger to comfort sex, no one in their particular line of work is, and contrary to being traditionally supportive, physical pleasure is actually something he can provide without totally embarrassing himself by blurting stupid, inappropriate things at the most stupid, inappropriate moments.And if the one in need is a witty twenty-something with clever fingers, full lips and gorgeous blue eyes, well, then Tony sure as hell isn’t going to complain about that. Even if that person apparently believes it’s a good idea to sneak into his penthouse in the middle of the night to watch him sleep.Thank the programming Gods for JARVIS and his forethought to wake and warn Tony that he’s about to have an uninvited yet not at all unwelcome guest in his bedroom.Glancing over at the holographic clock display, Tony groans and yawns again for good measure. “You trying to give this old man a heart attack or why are you interrupting my precious beauty sleep?”“Sorry,” Bucky mumbles sheepishly, using his flesh arm to clutch at the prosthetic one which is hanging limply at his side, glinting in the faint glow of the Arc Reactor.Tony is up in a sitting position in an instant, worriedly checking Bucky over for any obvious injuries. There hadn’t been anything scheduled mission-wise and the emergency alarms would have woken him, but they live in a tower full of various assassins, spies, super humans and eccentric geniuses and there’s always something going on.“What happened?” Tony rasps, voice gone dry and hoarse with sudden concern and a surprisingly intense wave of protectiveness? Huh. Interesting, that.Bucky’s breath hitches, his face crumpling, and Tony quickly scoots down across the bed, swinging his legs over the edge to reach for Bucky who folds himself over Tony, good arm curling around his back and knees coming to rest on the mattress on either side of Tony’s thighs.“We’ll try and fix it, whatever it is. We’ll try and fix it, honey,” Tony hushes the trembling man, dimly aware of the endearment tumbling out but dismissing it for the moment in favour of rubbing a soothing hand up and down Bucky’s spine while Bucky buries his face in Tony’s shoulder to muffle the pained sobs being ripped out of his throat.Turning his head, Tony brushes his lips over Bucky’s temple, nosing some of the sweaty hair out of the way, and murmurs, “I got you, babe. I’m right here.”In for a penny, in for a pound with the nicknames, it seems.Careful not to jostle the obviously distraught Bucky too much, Tony gathers up the lifeless metal arm for closer inspection, running his fingers over joints and weak spots and finding nothing out of the ordinary.“It’s stupid,” Bucky manages to hiccup between two shaky breaths, nuzzling Tony’s neck as he shudders through his attempts at composing himself.“What’s stupid?” Tony prods gently, setting the limb back down to wind both his arms around Bucky, holding him close. “What happened?”The silence following his question stretches on for so long, Tony would be convinced Bucky fell asleep on him if it weren’t for the occasional sniffle and the nails scratching lightly at the back of his neck, a nervous motion he’s fairly sure Bucky isn’t even fully aware of.“I didn’t have it. I was dreaming and I didn’t have it,” Bucky whispers eventually and Tony can just see the tip of one ear turning bright red in his peripheral vision. Which he probably shouldn’t find endearing given the current circumstances and Bucky’s distressed state, he silently chastises himself. “It was before they made it. The arm. I didn’t have it and when I woke up it wasn’t working and I didn’t know what to do and panicked and came up here and I’m sorry. Sorry.”It takes Tony’s sleep-addled brain a moment to catch up, but then he can’t help but breathe a sigh of relief, cupping the back of Bucky’s neck to massage out some of the pent up tension. “It’ll come back online. Sometimes the nerves and neurones need a little longer-““Yeah, I know,” Bucky snaps, masking hurt and vulnerability with a hefty dose of irritated bitterness. “I’m not stupid.”Refusing to raise to the bait, Tony presses a chaste kiss to the side of Bucky’s head, hand wandering lower to rub at the always tender shoulder connection between flesh and metal. Bucky gives a low, pleased moan at that, steadily growing more and more boneless against Tony.“Sorry,” he sniffs, pulling back enough to properly look at Tony who reaches out automatically, lightly touching his thumb to the puffy skin below Bucky’s right eye with a small but all the more genuine smile. “All I do is yell and cry all over you. Not very attractive.”“Clint threw up on me twice in the spa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
POV Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky’s Prosthetic Arm
Nightmares
Hurt/Comfort
Comforting Tony
Hugs
Cuddling & Snuggling
Kissing
Mild Sexual Content
developing feelings
Warm and Fuzzy Feelings
Fluff
Showers
Coffee and Snark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

