Work Text:
TJ had been sober for forty-one days--a personal second-best since he finished high school--and he had gotten to the point where no one freaked out if he dawdled for an hour or so before he returned to the farm after his twice-weekly therapy appointment. He usually went shopping, because it was something to do that didn't require him to interact too much with other people and didn't make him feel too obviously, miserably alone. Mostly he picked up books, or DVDs to watch with Nana, since his wardrobe needs at the farm were pretty basic and all the actual necessities of life got delivered once a week. Today he was just sitting in a bookstore coffee shop, killing time before he cracked and went to hide again. He'd cut off contact with all of his friends when he decided to stay at the farm instead of at Mama's in DC; he was trying to steer clear of Mama, Dad, and Douglas and everything they were involved with right now. It was the safe thing to do, but it meant he had basically no human contact outside of Nana, his therapist, and the part-time staff at the farm who were probably all reporting to his parents on his behavior. His therapist encouraged the dawdling thing; she said he had to learn how to operate in the world outside his family when he was sober. So far he'd learned that it was pretty fucking boring, but on the other hand he'd decided he mostly didn't want to die and there was almost zero chance of him dying in a Barnes and Noble at three o'clock on a Tuesday. It was a tradeoff.TJ was paging through a coffee-table book of Superman art when he caught sight of somebody approaching him out of the corner of his eye. He braced himself to get through the ensuing scene and then bolt. He could buy the book on Amazon and figure out a different place to hang out on Tuesdays from now on."Hey, sorry," the guy said, stopping well out of trying-to-touch-him range, which made TJ look up into a sharp-featured face that pinged something in his brain. Shaggy golden blond hair, arresting blue eyes--the guy was skinny and short, wearing an off-the-rack suit that cried out for tailoring, but there was something about him that riveted TJ's attention."You probably don't remember me," the guy said with an apologetic smile, "but my name is--""Stevie," TJ said as it dawned on him. It literally felt like the sun coming up, like waking up out of a long sleep, and TJ surged to his feet without thinking. "Oh my God, Stevie, I missed you so much."Stevie looked startled, and then his apologetic smile widened into something unguarded. "I missed you too, Tommy."He stepped closer, and TJ moved in for a hug, realizing even as he did that maybe he shouldn't--but if Stevie was here, if Stevie was approaching him in public, then it had to be all right. He had to know all the things everyone knew about TJ and not mind. Stevie hugged him back hard enough to make TJ's ribs ache, in fact, even though he felt smaller than Anne in TJ's arms. He'd always been one of the littlest kids in the class.Stevie muttered, "God, Tommy, I really missed you," into TJ's shoulder."Me too, you have no idea," TJ said, forcing himself to step back. "Can you--are you here with someone? Can you sit a minute? Oh my God, Stevie, it's been forever, how..." TJ couldn't even finish the question. How have you been? was the correct one, but somehow all he wanted to ask was How did you find me? Like Stevie had come here for him on purpose. Like Thomas Hammond was so goddamn hard to find, even when he was more or less out of the public eye."Yeah, I can stay," Stevie said, just as the barista called out a black coffee. "Uh, let me just get that, I'll be right back."TJ nodded and sank back into his seat without taking his eyes off Stevie. His shoulders were a little bit crooked like they'd always been, and TJ found himself scrutinizing Stevie's suit, wondering which pocket held an asthma inhaler. The teacher had always kept them for Stevie when they were at school; at Stevie's his mom had left an inhaler in his bedroom, and Tommy had known where to find it if Stevie needed it and knew to yell for Mrs. Rogers if Stevie had trouble breathing. On the rare occasions when he visited the governor's mansion Stevie had kept an inhaler in the front pocket of his overalls; the place was too big to rely on Tommy's mom or any of the staff getting to Stevie quickly enough.Stevie hadn't been allowed to come over very often, which was fine with Tommy. He hadn't liked sharing Stevie with Dougie or his parents. He'd much preferred visiting the little apartment where Stevie and his mom lived without any staff or any nosy brothers. Stevie didn't even have a dad.And then Tommy's dad had gotten elected president, and Tommy had moved in the middle of third grade from Raleigh to Washington. His parents had told him he needed to make new friends in his new city. They assured him that Stevie would make new friends in Raleigh. TJ remembered exchanging a few pencil-scrawled letters that win
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thomas "T.J." Hammond/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Suicidal Thoughts
Depression
Sobriety
Recovery
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Thomas "T.J." Hammond/Steve Rogers

