Chapter 1: Not What You Envisioned
    


Notes:
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN START YOUR ENGINESSSSSSSHello lovely readers :) :) I'm back and I am not wasting any time. Thank you mouthbreather_011 for this request and it's titel! it is gonna be AWESOME! I am already sooo into writing this. There is gonna be a whole lot of protectiveness in this fic coming up it's not even funny. And I will try and go hard on the sarcasm per some requests, altho not AS hard as last fic lol that was crazy.A lot of angst in this one so not for the faint of heart. You know me and kidnapping fics...so...strap in, it's gonna be a rough ride. We've got a little background to form first before we officially kick things off and WE WILL GET THERE because I'm sure you all will be wondering WHAT THE HECK THIS FIRST PART IS AND WHAT THE HECK HAPPENEDSo I really hope you enjoy this chapter, and this fic! Thank you guys for reading and stay healthy! Hope you guys are having a great day and if not, hope this makes it a bit better <3Continue on!!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
It's cold- the room. Peter's used to cold, but he's definitely never been a fan of it. It's obvious they didn't care what he liked or disliked. The water that was splashed onto his face was freezing and it snaps him wide awake, sending his limbs jerking in the cuffs, Peter spluttering and gasping as he wrenches his senses into overload. He coughs and blinks, opening his eyes with a groan. The water pools in his ears until he shakes his head and mumbles, "Guys, if I wanted a shower, I would have taken one-"He's expecting the pain that follows, feeling the world tip as he slams into the ground, his head smacking against the cold stone. Peter groans as a hand grasps his shirt and hauls him upright, the chair he's cuffed to scraping against the ground as the man rightens it. Dirt now covers the side of his arm that he fell on and Peter's gaze flicks over in annoyance.He spits out blood and flicks the icy water from his hair, a shiver running down his back but he doesn't allow himself to flinch. Drops still fall from his lashes and wash off some of the dried blood above his eye. The blood stained shirt he's wearing, is now even a darker red since it's drenched. It's an uncomfortable feeling, especially since he know it's not like they'll be offering him a change of clothes.The water does feel good on his cuts though, but he won't tell them that. Instead he looks through his wet bangs with a hateful gaze, breathing hard. The men circle him and Peter raises a cocky eyebrow, whistling a cowboy tune before chuckling, "We've known each other for a while guys. I thought we determined the whole westerner stand off doesn't intimidate me. It's no doubt you're the faster drawer, being that," Peter looked over his shoulder at the cuffs and grinned, "I'm a little tied up at the moment."Being Spiderman, he could have broken normal cuffs easily, but he learned pretty early on they knew that part, which was why so many guys had been there when they jumped him, why the cuffs were titanium, and why they had been drugging him every couple of hours."I still can't believe I thought you would lose that sarcasm. I guess it's here to stay."Peter straightens, his hands curling, refusing to turn around. He hears the man come in, not just because of the small creak of the door that has been getting on his nerves, but also because he feels the vibrations in the ground with every step the man takes as he crosses the dark room. Peter shifts uncomfortably before he chuckles, "I take that as a compliment.""Good. You should, Pete."Peter flinches at the nickname. He puts his shoulders back and lowers his voice to a low growl, his eyes flashing, "I told you, buddy. Only one person can call me Pete.""Oh yeah, I forgot. And who was that again?" the man wonders thoughtfully; Peter can hear his voice directly behind him.He raises his chin and speaks through gritted teeth. "My father." The black boots come into his view and Peter raises his gaze, trailing up the dirty jeans and the buttoned shirt until he reaches the cold eyes. "And you don't look like you crawled out from a grave. Plus," he drawls, narrowing his eyes and shrugging with a smirk, "I don't see the resemblance. I'm a pretty good looking kid.""Oh, my ego is devastated," the man sighs before crossing his arms and asking, "Do you know how long you've been here, Peter?""I'd say one week, give or take," Peter shrugs, before narrowing his eyes. "Oh, do you want an exact answer?" He bites his lip and looks up at the ceiling like he's doing math. "Six days and roughly five hours," he said firmly, looking around. "Anyone want to tell me if I'm close?"The man's confidence falters, but then a smile grows on his face. "You never cease to impress. How did you figure that out?"Peter shrugs, "For the first two days, I got one meal every 24 hours. Then you wanted to mess with me, so you gave me one meal for the nex
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Tortured Peter Parker
Sassy Peter
Sarcastic Peter Parker
Sassy Peter Parker
Hydra (Marvel)
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Feels
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Avengers
Avengers Family
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Break
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Everyone Needs A Hug
Torture
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Misunderstandings
Aftermath of Torture
Waterboarding
Shock Torture
scared of the dark
Past Torture
Nightmares
Adjusting
or at least trying to
Arguments
BIG ONES
Fights
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Awesome Pepper Potts
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
Flashbacks
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
I Will Go Down With This Ship
I Can't Believe I Wrote This
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
ALL THE FRIENDSHIPS
and protective moments
Protective Dad
Irondad
spiderson
after everything
and despite everything
Adopted
Maybe - Freeform
Finally
:)
Sad with a Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst
so much of it
Pain
Emotional pain
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Kidnapped Tony Stark
tortured tony stark
Fluff and Angst
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Hurt/Comfort
Sarcasm
Sass
This Is Not Going To Go The Way You Think
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Peter and tony argue

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

