Chapter 1: Bucky's Life Situation and Other Disasters
    




Chapter Text
Picking up his post, Bucky sighs emphatically.  There are a few envelopes there.  All of them have his name on them, none of them are good.  How does he know?  Well, the words ‘FINAL NOTICE’ and ‘PAYMENT REMINDER’ stamped across the front of the envelopes in red are a pretty good sign - it doesn’t take a genius to figure out what’s inside.  Besides that, Bucky’s had his fair share of them in the last couple - okay, alright, more than a couple - of months.  For someone who could generally be considered an intelligent person, he’d made some pretty stupid financial decisions (mostly born of desperation) to get himself through college and the unpaid positions he’d had to take thereafter - he should have known it would bite him on the ass somehow.  He shoved them under his arm, sighing again, and turned towards the stairwell, heading up towards his apartment instead.  He trudges up the stairs, heading up and up until he reached the fourth floor before turning left and heading to his door, shoving his key inside the lock and turning it before walking inside.Even if his studio apartment was a bit old and not in the best condition to start, he toed his shoes off at the door before walking in properly.  Well, there was no sense to making the place any worse than it already was, and besides that a lot of Bucky’s savings had gone into the security deposit - the least he could do was try and preserve that in the hope he’d get it back whenever he managed to leave.  If he managed to leave, his brain supplied helpfully.  It wasn’t like he could afford anything else, after all.Padding then into the living area, he put the bills down on the battered coffee table, and sat himself on the small two seater sofa he had, allowing himself to stretch out slightly as he did.  Regardless of whether or not he was making real money (he wasn’t) he had still worked a whole day at Common Grounds Coffee Stop (And wasn’t that the worst name ever?) and he’d still dealt with everything that came with it.  He’d also dealt with the fact that he had a goddamn degree and this was apparently all it amounted to - and all because he was an omega.  Naively, perhaps, he had convinced himself that assignation had nothing to do with ability to get, hold and progress in any career he chose.  He’d run up a decent amount of student debt pursuing his plan - working in robotics - and honestly?  It had done him no good.  Less than no good, in fact - it meant he was struggling with repayments, unable to get a job against Alpha or Beta candidates, even those he’d gotten better credentials and work experience than, and suffering the ritual humiliation of still working part time hours for minimum wage, serving lattes and cappucinos and every other type of coffee known to man and not knowing how he was going to make the next payment.  If he could go back and do it again, Bucky didn’t know that he would do things any differently, of course - how could you live with yourself if you didn’t give yourself the best chance possible of achieving your ambitions? - but he did sometimes wish he’d chosen an easier path.  Or been born into one.  Whichever was best applied here, really.  He stood up then, going to the small kitchenette within his apartment and turning on the coffee machine - the one extravagance he had, and a one time birthday gift from his best friend Natasha - and starting it up.  Yeah, okay, he knew it was ironic that he would enjoy a good coffee after working with it all day, but Bucky liked the taste - and his manager Phil was a stickler for not drinking stock, and he’d been on shift today.  Feeling his phone buzz in his pocket as he waited, he pulled it out, seeing a message from Natasha herself.  
[Hey, I know you’re broke, but we’re getting take-out tonight and you know Clint will get excited and order too much, join?]
Bucky smiled a little and shook his head, knowing that she was only asking him to ensure that he actually ate a full meal.  The proud part of him wanted to turn her down, but the practical part knew that a decent meal would do him some good.  He knew himself that the contents of the cupboard and fridge here - until payday at least - ran only as far as half a packet of a dry packet of pasta, some lentils, a little bit of peanut butter in the end of the jar, some tortilla chips, tomatoes beans and pasta sauce.  Hardly gourmet cuisine and besides that, he could do with preserving what he did have.  He pulled out his phone to type back a quick response.  
[I like that you try and make me feel better by saying the invite is due to mistakes you know Clint will make.  Either way, not going to turn down food.  What time?]
He waited for a few moments before the next response came.  
[If he’s going to order enough to feed the five thousand anyway you might as well benefit.  Come by for 7.]
He smiled a little, shaking his head.  Clint was a great guy and a general human disas
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mpreg
Surrogacy
Past Relationship(s)
Long
Sexism
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Knotting
References to Knotting
Artificial Insemination
Slow Burn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

