Chapter 1: Installed
    




Chapter Text
Loki’s last coherent memory was Thor holding up the control device for the obedience disk, a smug, self-satisfied look on his face. After that came a blurred, disjointed string of images; his brother’s lecture, inaudible over the shrieking burn of pain in his ears, the ceiling of the hanger, then a parade figures walking past him as he writhed and burned on the floor. A craft took off behind him, and then there was nothing but the sound of his blood boiling in his veins. His seidr fought to keep him alive while the disk on his back did its best to torture him to death. He was caught between the two forces like a rat in the jaws of a terrier, helpless with agony and rage, until darkness overtook him.To his surprise, he woke up.
 “Oh look, he is alive. You were right, Topaz. Heh...I owe you the afternoon off.” 
A boot landed in his ribs, and Loki wheezed. His eyes were open but so damaged from the unknown hours of electrocution that he could only see a watery blur.
 “I don’t want the afternoon off.” 
Another kick, probably from the owner of the second voice, the Grandmaster's bodyguard, Topaz. “What do you want to do with him?”Loki tried to speak, to raise his hand, to bargain. He had made a bad decision in trusting Thor, but he could still be useful to the Grandmaster. He had information. He knew where Thor had gone, for one thing, and he knew the locations of many powerful and ancient artifacts. He knew the secrets of Yggdrasil and even of Ginnungagap, the place between worlds. Surely, he could talk his way out of this.His voice was gone, though. Loki could barely open his jaw, the muscles were clenched from spasming, and blood filled his mouth where he had bitten his tongue. Loki had no voice, he had no sight, he had no control over his body or his magic.He was in trouble.
 “Hmm.” 
The first voice sounded thoughtful, and Loki knew who it belonged to. He could almost picture the Grandmaster standing over him in his ridiculous golden robe and his sandals, tapping his finger against his painted lip as he considered Loki’s situation. Loki prayed to the fates that Topaz didn’t have the melt-stick to hand, or Loki would soon be nothing but a stinking pool of melted flesh.“Turn him over, if you please. Lets...yes...lets get a good look at him.”Loki whimpered as he was grabbed and rolled over. The movement triggered his every nerve to scream at once, his body lighting up with pain as his brain tried to catalog the damage. Damn you Thor,  Loki thought to himself. It was a vicious, stabbing reminder that no matter what he tried to do, if he tried the straight path or the twisted path, his destiny was never a kind one. It was his nature to fail, and to be punished. His limbs flopped as he toppled over, landing face down on the cold floor of the hanger. He tried to twitch a finger but he couldn’t even do that.His breath was crushed out of him by a heavy weight. It took his muddled mind a few seconds to realize that Topaz had her boot on his back, and was leaning her weight on him, holding him down. Not that he needed it, of course, but Topaz had never liked him.“Hmm.” The Grandmaster’s voice was closer now. Loki could feel the presence of the elder pressing against his senses. The Grandmaster moved in a wave of power, bending the natural forces of time and space around himself. Loki had been fascinated by it when he first met him. So much raw power swirled around him. The Grandmaster existed on a many-layered plane of reality. He was an ancient being of unimaginable power, he could unravel the universe and ravel it back up in anyway he chose, but instead he chose to rule a garbage-dump planet. He as a giggling despot who arranged death-matches in his arena and only slightly less life-and-death maneuvers in his court. He was utterly mad, petty, and bloodthirsty. He lacked any form of empathy or compassion, and now Loki was entirely as his mercy.Loki shivered as his clothes disintegrated around him, turned to dust and then to atoms. The Grandmaster must be angry to use his power so blatantly. He rarely did, preferring to use the tools and drugs his lackeys created for him. A hand squeezed Loki's buttock, kneading it like a fruit tested for ripeness. Loki almost swallowed his tongue in his desperation to speak. He could make potions, he could create chemical compounds that would delight the Sakaaran court! Loki cursed himself for not mentioning it when he had the chance. He had been holding back, keeping reserves of tricks to retain the Grandmaster’s favor. Only now, his favor was so far gone that he was checking Loki over like cheap meat, and Loki had no way to argue for his own skin. All he could do was drool on the floor and stare blindly at the shadows that crossed his eyes.The hand gave his other buttock the same treatment, kneading and squeezing. Then fingers dug into Loki's flesh and spread his cheeks, exposing the tight furl of muscle between.This was not good. This was n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki
Loki/others
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rape
Dehumanization
Non-Consensual Bondage
Punishment
Loki (Marvel)'s Punishments
Enemas
Bondage machines
Public Use
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Loki has a bad time
Brainwashing
Conditioning
The grandmaster's non-consensual sex machines
Sensory Deprivation
Tentacle Rape
mental manipulation
Sensory Manipulation
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Loki Whump
Loki (Marvel) Angst
Whump
Hurt No Comfort
Might not end well
Body Modification
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Knotting
Canon-Typical Violence
Mention of blood and injuries
Non-humanoid alien non-con
Stockholm Syndrome
Tiny scraps of comfort
Non-Consensual Tattooing
Non-Consensual Piercing
non-consensual dental work
Blood
minor self-harm
Strangulation
Abandonment
Body Horror
Forced Breeding
Slavery
Slave Loki (Marvel)
Forced Prostitution
so much non-con
Oviposition
Alien breeding ritual
Alien Impregnation
Attempted self-abortion
Loki/Tony Highly Dub Con
non-con AI/meatsack foursome
Thoughts of death
Torture
Electrocution
Suspension Bondage
Mutual non-con (Loki/Steve Rogers)
Abortion

fandom: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki
Loki/others
Loki/Tony Stark

