Work Text:
Netflix was still running when Peter fell asleep.Normally, the boy was dead to the world once he closed his eyes but he'd been waiting up for his dad to come home. A gentle and familiar touch pulled him from his dreams as his father ran his fingers through Peter's hair.His daddy had finally come home and having found Peter asleep on the couch, he joined him. The couch cushion dipped under his father's weight and Peter felt his warmth right by his side.The boy was barely awake but Tony's alpha scent was soothing even if it was tinged with that of alcohol. He must've drunk a lot for it to be so prominent to Peter's nose."Pete," his daddy murmured, "c'mon, baby, you're gonna be sore if you sleep on the couch like this."The boy feigned sleep, lips puckering in distaste when Tony gently nudged his shoulder. He curled closer towards the alpha and managed to keep from giving away the game when his father chuckled in response.More fingers ran through his hair, a heavenly sensation because he loved it when his daddy touched him like this. It was soothing but then again, Peter craved every bit of affection from his alpha.He loved his daddy.As expected, his father didn't leave him there. He had never done so in the past and Peter knew it. He continued the game when Tony gently picked him up.As an omega, he was smaller than most boys his age. Slender and barely weighed a thing, as his father demonstrated when he took Peter into his arms.He immediately curled his arms around Tony's neck and grumbled sleepily against the alpha's neck. So close, the scent of alcohol was stronger and it made Peter's nose twitch. Even then, he knew his daddy's alpha scent was there, rich and deep if he just got close enough.There was a feeling of weightlessness as Tony carried him but the destination wasn't to Peter's bedroom. Even with his eyes closed, the boy knew the direction they took and he smiled, a fact unknown to his daddy.The master bedroom.He was deposited gently into his father's bed and he curled up innocently enough around a pillow. The strong alpha scent was even more evident here in the heart of Tony's territory. His alpha's and his because Peter enjoyed rolling around his father's expensive sheets when he was away.It smelled like the two of them, as it had always been.This was where Peter wanted to be. Surrounded by his daddy's scent and even more so, curled up in his daddy's arms.When his daddy didn't join him right away, he became impatient and peeked through the barely visible slits between his lashes.Tony was undressing.Peter watched curiously, eyes tracing over his daddy's strong, sturdy form. His lean muscles worked effortlessly as he discarded his shirt. It was a mesmerizing sight as they moved fluidly under his skin. The undershirt his dad wore underneath did little to hide the lean lines of his body since it stuck so close to his skin.That, too, was removed.His daddy was just so handsome. It was a word Peter heard so many people used to describe Tony Stark.Something stirred inside the omega at the sight, some unknown feeling that made his heart start to quicken. A tingle started in his belly and it… traveled downward and settled between his legs. It was an indescribable feeling that made him want to squirm and press his thighs together to… to stop it, to encourage it? He didn't know. He just knew it made him feel weird and breathless with nerves.Excitement and that unknown feeling made it hard for him to keep pretending he was asleep but he didn't want to give up the game yet.When Tony turned back towards the bed, he quickly shut his eyes completely just in case.To his disappointment, his daddy didn't curl up behind him. Peter loved it when he did but then his daddy started petting his hair again and he could forgive his daddy for prolonging the cuddles he'd been innocently craving.It got even better when he started tracing Peter's features by running his finger over Peter's slight slope of a nose… Next were his eyebrows and then his cheeks which held the stubborn hints of softness from childhood.Peter wanted to purr with contentment. It felt nice to be touched so lovingly."Peter," his father murmured.For a moment, Peter thought his father knew he was awake. But there was something strange in the tone, as though his daddy wasn't really expecting Peter to respond.He waited.His daddy's fingers were so soft and gentle, even with the rough calloused tips as they brushed against his lips, lingering…For some reason, Peter had the biggest urge to nip at them. His lips twitched at the gentle touch but besides that, he let nothing else slip. He couldn't let his daddy know he was awake, not when he'd been pretending for so long.His father seemed to pause right then and Peter wanted to peek so desperately. He still waited, breathing slow and deep even while his heart thumped away erratically in his chest.He was rewarded with more words, more insight into what his daddy was thinking."So pretty, baby," Tony mused, "Gr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Parent/Child Incest
Father/Son Incest
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
intersex omega
Vaginal Sex
Creampie
Knotting
Impregnation
Dubious Consent
Pretending to be Asleep
Lingerie
Drunk Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

