Chapter 1





Chapter Text

The wonderful art in this story was created by finem00 and shoyzz-art. Click on the links to find their art posts!


This chapter contains a title image and scene dividers by finem00.

 
 




 
The sky was a dark gray, the storm clouds and forest looming on both sides of the road lit up only by lightning. Rain was battering the windshield of Tony’s car, hardly kept in check by the wipers, and he had slowed down considerably since he could barely see the road ahead. The heavy drops were loud against the roof, mixing unpleasantly with the music from the radio. It was as if nature was trying to keep him away from his destination, he thought bitterly. Even more so because the weather had been perfect when they’d left New York in the early hours of the morning and had only gotten worse the closer they got to the Avengers Compound, a sunny summer day turning on them viciously.
 
Lightning cut through the sky and thunder rolled over the forest.
 
In the passenger seat, Peter jumped hard enough to jostle Tony’s elbow.
 
Again.
 
“Dude,” Peter muttered.
 
Tony spared a glance at him and saw him stare out the windshield, one hand tight around his phone and the other gripping the seatbelt, his back pressed into the seat. He seemed pale, his eyes wide and his posture tense. Tony turned his attention back to the road, but asked, “You alright?”
 
“Yeah, just …” Peter shifted uncomfortably. “It’s the thunderstorm.”
 
Tony raised one brow in surprise. “Are you scared?”
 
“No,” Peter answered quickly, and he sounded downright offended. “I just … the lightning is a bit too much for my eyes and the thunder is a bit too much for my ears, so …”
 
Tony hummed in understanding. He should have suspected as much. “Super-senses dialed to eleven?”
 
“Yeah,” Peter replied softly.
 
Another bolt of lightning lit up the forest, but Peter didn’t jump this time. When Tony glanced at him, he saw that Peter had his eyes closed tightly. He winced. “We should get you evaluated one of these days.”
 
Peter turned his head towards him. “Evaluated?”
 
“Yeah, to see what exactly your powers can do.” He slowed down some more, knowing by heart that the road was about to make a sharp turn. “Evaluation is standard for Avengers when they first join. Mainly serves to set up your medical file for emergencies and such. To make everyone on the team aware of what each of us brings to the table.” Tony felt slightly guilty for only thinking of it now. Even with Peter turning down the invitation to become part of the official Avengers roster, Tony should have had him tested months ago. The kid got into enough trouble while keeping Queens safe as Spider-Man. It was only a matter of time before he would get seriously injured, and they needed to be prepared for when he did.
 
“We could do that this week.”
 
Tony grimaced. “We’ll do it next time you’re around.”
 
“Why not now?”
 
Tony shot him a quick look. “Do we have to go through this again?”
 
Peter slumped into his seat and turned his head away to stare out the passenger window into the forest.
 
Making a conscious effort to relax his grip around the wheel, Tony said, “Look, I don’t want to draw any attention towards you, okay? Cap and his band of merry men have no idea that you’re Spider-Man, and I’d like to keep it that way. We’ll be sharing the private quarters at the Compound. One communal kitchen, one communal living room, communal training facilities. They’re trained spies, soldiers and assassins. Nothing can hint at you being more than my intern, understood?”
 
“So you said,” Peter muttered sullenly. “If you don’t trust them, then why are they at the Compound?”
 
Tony sighed. “Because we’re adults,” he answered, “and adults work out conflicts for the greater good. Or so I’ve been told.”
 
A few months ago, he hadn’t thought that Steve and the others would return from their exile anytime soon. A few months ago, Tony would have laughed at the very idea of being the one to extend the invitation to them to stay at the Compound with him and Rhodey. As far as he’d been concerned, the tight-knit team that had once been Earth’s mightiest heroes was in the past. Steve’s betrayal had hurt too much for him to even consider an attempt to rebuild.
 
Not necessarily because Steve and the others had decided to go against the Sokovia Accords. That mess they could have managed to eventually overcome. Tony had known from the start that the Accords were not the ideal solution, but it had been the only chance at that time to avoid the world turning against them. With so many nations starting to openly talk about enhanced humans as a problem, he’d wanted to make sure that the Avengers could continue to exist and if they had to sign a contract and submit to some form of control by the UN, then so be it. It had been an interim solution for him, though. Never more than that. Still, he should’ve discussed it with the team instead of just going ahead and agreeing to it.
 
He knew that had been his m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Major Illness
Vomiting
Medical Procedures
Discussions of possible Major Character Death
Panic Attacks
Violence
Coma
Seizures
Implied/Referenced Human Experimentation
Implied/Referenced Homicide
Explicit Language

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

