Chapter 1: Siegfried
    




Chapter Text
When he opens his eyes, he can’t remember anything. He doesn’t even know what to do besides lying there and staring right into the bright, artificial lights. They hurt his eyes, so he blinks a couple of times, hoping they’ll adjust to the light – they don’t – and then looks around the room. There’s not a lot in here. The bed he’s lying in, a chair, a side table, and a window that covers one entire wall and is pitch black. He thinks he sees faint shadows moving, but he’s not too sure, still distracted by the bright light. Shouldn’t you see the outside through a window? He stares at it, seeing a vague reflection of himself. Brown curls, dark eyes, and he looks like he’s on the younger side. For a second, he tries to think of his age but no number pops up. The walls and the floor are stark white, reflecting the harsh light, and it’s eerily silent.
A feeling of numbness flows through his veins. He wants to remember if this is normal, if this is what every room looks like – hell, he wants to remember who he is. But his brain provides nothing. Hesitantly, he sits up, eyeing the white gown he’s wearing. He tries to remember if this is what he always wears or not, but he comes up empty handed. Not even awake for a minute and he’s already frustrated.
The door opens, and a man steps inside. For a second, a wave of different noises crashes over him, being unusual loud and distracting, but then the door closes again and silence stretches between them. Well, silence, except for the constant buzzing of the lights and a steady, strong heartbeat that isn’t coming from him. He thinks he should be freaked out by it, but he isn’t. No, hearing someone else’s heartbeat feels almost natural for him.
The man has brown hair that stands up in every direction, brown eyes with soft wrinkles around them, and a neatly trimmed beard. There’s something oddly familiar about the man that makes his heart ache and his tense muscles relax – and yet at the same time, he wants to move away from the man, putting more distance between the two of them. He can’t say why. The man pulls the chair next to his bed and sits down. He just waits, weirdly fascinated by the man, especially when the man starts to smile, small and gentle. Trustworthy.
(A feeling that starts in the back of his neck tells him something isn’t right. Something doesn’t add up. But it’s like his heart recognizes the man – or part of him, at least. And that’s more than he can say about himself. Why shouldn’t he trust the man when he seems more familiar than himself?)
“How are you feeling?” the man asks, his voice laced with concern. It sounds sincere.  
He doesn’t know how to answer that. How should he feel? Is this numbness normal? Because he doesn’t know how to answer it, he asks instead: “Who am I?”
The man blinks, looking taken aback. “You don’t remember?” He shakes his head. The man sighs, a crestfallen look on his face. He feels guilty, like it’s his fault he doesn’t remember anything and is making the man sad. The urge to apologize comes over him, but he doesn’t get a chance to say anything. “Well, we should’ve expected that. You did hit your head pretty hard. Temporary amnesia is not uncommon.”
He doesn’t know what to say to that. Somehow, even though he doesn’t know who he is, or who the man is, or where he is, he does know what amnesia means. Memory loss. It explains this. He looks at the man, waiting for him to answer his question.
“Your name is Siegfried,” the man says. “Does it sound familiar?”
Siegfried. He kind of hopes the name would make the numbness go away, that it is like an epiphany and he suddenly remembers everything. But it doesn’t. It’s just a name. His name. Siegfried shakes his head no.
“What about Spider?” the man asks.
Something is missing, Siegfried thinks, but doesn’t say it. He can’t say why it feels like this, why it only tickles the inside of his brain and not more. “Is that my last name?”
The man huffs in amusement, the corner of his mouths moving upwards. “No. It’s like a nickname. Do you remember who I am?”
Siegfried takes a good look at the man. He’s older than him and they have similar hair and eye colors. Furthermore, there’s this familiar feeling about him, a feeling that starts deep in his gut and tells him that this man is trustworthy, is his friend. He can’t say what causes it or where it comes from, but it’s there. It has to mean something, right? “Are you my father?”
The man’s smile falls and his eyes turn sad. Clearly, that isn’t the right answer, and Siegfried wants to take it back, doing anything to get that smile back. “My name is Thomas, and I’m not your biological father, but you’re like a son to me, Siegfried. Your parents and I were very close, we worked together. When they died, they asked me to look after you.”
Siegfried thinks he should feel something, anything, at discovering that his parents are dead but he doesn’t. Maybe he would if he could remember them. “Do we live here?” He hope
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers (mentioned)

freeform: 
Hydra Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Brainwashing
Amnesia
Mind Games
BAMF Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Found Family
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers (mentioned)

