Chapter 1: The favour
    




Chapter Text
„Thanks. I owe you,“ Daron said before ending the call and tossing his phone onto the desk.He sighed and ran his hands through his dark brown hair. He could make this work. He had to make it work.
His contact had gotten him on to the guest list. His daughter, too. He couldn’t possibly show up alone. That would raise the people’s suspicion. And that was really the last thing he wanted to do.
Daron paced through the room. His mind was working hard to come up with a plausible story. He needed to convince his daughter to come with him without making her suspicious.
“Dad?” came Sam’s voice from the hallway. He heard her keys jiggling and the sound of her boots on the wooden floor.
Daron took a deep breath, fixed his dishevelled hair and stepped out of the bedroom/office.“Hey, Hobbit. How was university?” he asked as he eyed her up. He could see the grimace she made over hearing him call her Hobbit.
“It was alright,” she said and hung up her coat by the door before turning to him.Her short dirty blonde hair looked a little dishevelled, the tips curving and forming little waves which had gained her the nickname she so despised. 
“I told you to stop calling me that. I’m not that short and neither do I have hairy feet,” Sam told him and narrowed her eyes, daring him to say something.
He did not. He just grinned and took her old and worn backpack from her. “Get into the shower. You stink. I’ll get dinner ready in the meantime.”
She stuck her tongue out at him and walked straight into the bathroom.
Daron chuckled. He carefully placed her backpack on the small bed in her room, trying not to jostle its contents too much. The expensive drawing tablet and the laptop had cost a small fortune.
His daughter studied game design at the University of Southampton, and the tablet was necessary equipment for her courses.
She’d leave their small apartment at the edge of London every morning and take the train to get to the university. The ride took about an hour which required her to get up early, even when class started in the late morning.
Leaving Sam’s room, Daron went into the kitchen and filled two plates with the rich salad and freshly baked bread he had made earlier. The bread was still warm on the inside. The garlic butter would melt wonderfully into the fluffy bread. His stomach rumbled just at the thought of that, and he called for Sam to hurry up so they could eat.
He carried the plates over to the small table that stood by the kitchen window. The window overlooked a small and bumpy road and neighbouring apartment blocks that stood along it.They didn’t live in one of London’s bad areas.
Daron had a good salary due to his job as a detective but rent in London was expensive. So they lived on the outskirts of the city in a quiet but nice neighbourhood. Technically, Daron could afford an apartment in a nicer part of the city, but his daughter’s education wasn’t exactly cheap so he settled for the cosy flat with a reasonable rent.
Daron got out the missing cutlery and set the table. He leaned against the kitchen counter, foot tapping the floor impatiently when he heard his daughter finally emerge from the bathroom.
“Get dressed, dinner’s ready and I’m famished,” he called, not missing the annoyed huff she uttered at his impatient orders. She obliged nonetheless and hurried up.
Stepping into the kitchen two minutes later, Sam saw her dad already sitting at the small dining table, one brow arched as he impatiently motioned for her to sit.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m coming,” Sam said, her amusement clearly audible, and plopped into the chair opposite her dad.
“I thought I might starve before you arrive,” Daron joked and tucked in while she  watched him with a small smile.
“Don’t be such a drama queen,” she said in mock exasperation. Her dad snorted and retorted: “That coming out of your mouth, princess drama.”
“What can I say, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree,” she replied with a sly smirk and laughed when Daron snorted into his glass of water.
They ate in silence until both their plates were cleared and the cutlery set aside. Daron cleared his throat and looked at his daughter, elbows resting on the table and hands clasped together under his chin.
“What?” Sam asked while chewing a mouthful of the leftover baguette. She had noticed his anxious expression immediately.
“I have a job to do this Saturday… Undercover mission. And I need a partner,” he said and eyed her reaction cautiously.
“So? I’m pretty sure you have a detective partner or something like that,” she said and drank the rest of the water in her glass. She set the glass down on the table with a clunk and looked at Daron with an expectant expression.
“Uhm no, I don’t have a suitable partner for this mission. It’s this charity event the mayor keeps bragging about on TV. I’m there to uncover illegal activities but I need a companion for the evening,” he said, trying to make it sound as believable as he could.
Sam raised her eyebrow
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Crime lord Loki
Underground business
Kidnapping
Dominant Loki
Possessive Behavior
Violence
Murder
Loss of Virginity
Vaginal Fingering
Forced Orgasm
Vaginal Sex
Escape
Private Investigators
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Humiliation
Punishment
Spanking
Emotional Manipulation
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Cunnilingus
Intimidating Loki
Sex Toys
Anal Play
Billionaire
Older Man/Younger Woman
Sexually Inexperienced Character
Sexual Experimentation
Birth Control
Forced Relationship
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Double Penetration
Suits
Protective Loki
Angst and Feels
Rough Sex
Touch-Starved
Trust Issues
Nipple Clamps
Choking
Stockholm Syndrome
Praise Kink
Cock Warming
Somnophilia
Leather Glove Kink
Dirty Talk
Extremely Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

