Work Text:

1939
“Oh God… Oh… Buck…”Steve says his name differently the moment Bucky gets his mouth on him. Breathless… Desperate… Like Bucky is his only lifeline and Steve’s at his mercy; as if Bucky alone is the only thing that’ll provide him with each and every gulp of air that will follow. Bucky’s heard his name by moaned, be gasped, be screamed - in a number of different voices, by a number of different people. But none of them say his name the way Steve does.Steve whimpers. He’s always been that way. Maybe it’s due to the fear of getting caught, or maybe that’s just how he is in general – Bucky wishes their circumstances were different so he could test out that theory. If they could truly be alone… If there was no one around to risk hearing them, or catching them, or outing them… If Steve had the freedom to be as loud or as quiet as he wanted to be; could choose it… How would he say Bucky’s name?  Would it come out like a sob, or a prayer, or maybe still a secret? Would it awaken the Heavens with its volume, or be whispered just for Bucky’s ears? Would Steve look him in the eyes while his lips formed around the syllables? Or would they roll up into his head without control?Bucky wishes he knew. That he could know. But since it’s not an option, he’ll always just be grateful for being able to hear Steve say his name like this in general – and when Steve whimpers it, that’s the way Bucky likes best.Steve’s skin is white like porcelain and tastes like salt. Over the years, there isn’t a single inch of it that Bucky hasn’t mapped out and claimed with his tongue. His lover’s body is a canvas of knobby joints, blue veins pushing against transparent flesh, and chicken bones. If Bucky were half the artist Steve is, he’d feel a little jealous of God for being able to take credit for something so painstakingly perfect – when Bucky wants Steve to be nobody’s but his. True beauty lies in the imperfections that make a thing perfect. In this way, there is nothing about Steve Rogers that Bucky would ever want to change, save for the ailments and difficulties that such physical imperfections force upon Steve – his Steve – time and time again. Sickness should never be allowed to touch his best friend, not ever.Sometimes, Bucky wonders if Steve only ever falls ill so frequently because God realized He made a mistake, and wants one of His angels back. It wouldn’t be the first time Bucky’s sworn up and down that Steve’s too amazing for this world; that his heart is too shiny a shade of gold to be human. But he’s a selfish bastard, Bucky is – because he’d stand defiant in the face of God Himself before he’d be willing to give Steve up like that. God had His chance, and even if angels only deserve to be with other angels – and Bucky knows he’ll certainly never have a halo of his own – Bucky’s in too deep to give Steve up without a fight. He’s been in deep for as long as he can remember.“Bucky… Mm… I… Ah, oh fuck…”There are times when Bucky just can’t fathom the things he feels for Steve in the deepest recesses of his heart. Days where he takes one single look at him and it feels like it flattens to his ribcage like wallpaper, as strongly and as powerfully as the air getting sucked out of his lungs. It isn’t fair – that they can’t love each other anywhere but in the privacy of their apartment… That one day they’ll be expected to settle down elsewhere and raise two separate families that should really just be one… Have children who resemble their beautiful mothers, instead of growing up with Steve’s eyes and Bucky’s smile.It isn’t fair that Steve’s so goddamn beautiful and yet he never sees it… Bucky doesn’t know how he can’t see it… How can someone be the fucking world to another person and yet feel like nothing but a speck of dust themselves? It’s insulting, it really is, that Steve would even entertain the idea that he’s no more important than dust – not when Bucky’s certain the boy himself hung the moon.“Please… I can’t… Oh, Buck…”Bucky moans; just a fraction of a sound, right in the base of his throat. He never wants to hear another word again if it isn’t Steve saying his name the way he does when he’s like this… Legs wrapped around Bucky’s head… Fingers trapped in the maze of dark hair, slightly greasy from leftover tonic… Skinny, frail chest expanding and constricting almost violently as he pants… Cock, pulsing and leaking between Bucky’s stretched lips…He’s so tiny – Goddamn, he’s so fucking tiny; drives Bucky insane. He likes when he can get Steve crowded up against one of their paper-thin walls because his own body becomes a cage; traps Steve where he stands, with nowhere else to go. Not like Steve ever wants to be elsewhere – his fingers grip just as tightly and his lips mold to Bucky’s with just as much palpable need.Steve thinks his body is too thin, too gangly. He wishes he had a few heads on his height and could add muscle and fat with the same ease that Bucky can. Bucky doesn’t understand why in the world Steve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Established Relationship
Established Past Relationship
Blow Jobs
Blow Jobs Against a Wall
Bucky uses his strength
Deaf Clint Barton
Bucky and Clint Have a BROTP moment
Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Body Worship
Cock Worship
Bucky Worships the Fuck Out of Steve
Pining
Mutual Pining
Angst
Feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
Memory Loss
memory recovery
Frustration
Sexual Frustration
Soulmates
Sparring
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

