Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter awoke feeling calm and pleasant, which was unusual enough that he couldn’t help taking note of it. He’d been dreaming, he recalled. It had been a good dream, full of soft, muted colors and gentle voices and strong arms that held him close. He kind of wished that he could fall back asleep and into the dream, back into a place where there were no responsibilities and Tony Stark loved him –His eyes popped open.Shit. Peter groaned quietly and pressed his hands to his hot face, suddenly deeply grateful that Aunt May was not a mind reader. It was bad enough that Peter had been having these kinds of dreams in the first place; it was a thousand times worse that the star player in all of those dreams was Mr. Stark. Peter was 100% sure that Mr. Stark would’ve been amused at best and outraged at worst, and Peter couldn’t figure out which reaction would feel worse. He never wanted to find out.“Peter, are you awake?” Aunt May called, tapping on his door, and Peter jumped. Then he froze.“Uh – yeah,” he said loudly, grimacing as he peeled his comforter and sheets off his legs. “I’m not decent, so don’t come in.”“Alright. Just hurry. I want to have breakfast with you before I leave,” she said.“Right,” Peter said, staring forlornly at the soggy mess that had been his comfortable bed. This was really getting out of hand. “And Happy Birthday!”Peter pinched his lips together rather than answer. He was fifteen today. Most kids probably would have been excited about that, but Peter most definitely wasn’t. Because today was the day: the day when he could go pick up his classification results. Also known as the day when his fate was sealed.The majority of the population, Aunt May included, were classified as baseline: regular humans with no biological differences. But approximately 20% of the population was different, and those differences fell into two key categories. Caregivers were physically stronger than normal humans. They were genetically predisposed towards having strong nurturing instincts; during his research, Peter had come across several statements from Caregivers who claimed that the need to care for someone was akin to a compulsion. Their lives were empty and incomplete without it, and that was the reason why many Caregivers gravitated towards jobs in the medical or teaching fields. But caring for children wasn’t usually enough to satisfy that urge.And so, that was where the Littles of the world came in. Littles were physically adults, but with a childlike headspace. There was a whole list of different headspace ranges, and appropriate laws governing each one. Some Littles stayed in their headspace all the time, so they were easy to pinpoint. But others were capable of having an adult headspace too, and so that was why…Peter swallowed hard, his hands shaking.That was why the government had the classification test. Every fourteen-year-old had to report to a center to have their blood taken. Then, on their fifteenth birthday, they would receive a letter indicating their classification. That letter could shape your future for better or worse, but there was no getting around it. Peter had tried. You couldn’t even get to the next grade in school without having your classification on file.Today was Peter’s fifteenth birthday. As soon as he picked his letter up, he wouldn’t be able to avoid the truth of the matter anymore: a truth that he had been carefully hiding for the better part of six years now. There was a small chance that the fact that he grew tired easily and needed a ton of sleep, had bowel and bladder control problems, loved bright, shiny things, cried at the drop of a hat, and regularly sucked his thumb was either coincidence or indicative of an illness – but there was no way in hell Peter Parker was going to be that lucky.“I hate this,” he hissed out, clambering out of bed. He stripped the sheets and comforter off the bed, balling them up and shoving them into the bucket he had put there for just that reason. His sodden boxers followed. The smart thing to do would be to buy pull-ups and wear them to bed, but his face got hot just thinking about it.He clumsily wiped himself up, vowing to take a shower as soon as Aunt May was gone, and hauled on jeans and a t-shirt. He left his room, carefully closing the door behind him, and headed into the dining room. He submitted to the huge hug that Aunt May bestowed on him, blinking rapidly to keep the tears at bay. He had not cried in front of her for a long time, and he was not going to start now.Oh, Aunt May probably had her suspicions. In fact, Peter was certain that she did. It was pure luck that her job as a nurse kept her out of the apartment as much as it did, or she would have concrete proof when it came to the load of laundry that Peter had to do pretty much every morning. Aunt May pulled back and cupped Peter’s cheeks, peering at him worriedly. “It’s going to be alright, Pete. You know that, right?”“I know,” Peter mumbled half-he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
alternate universe - littles are known
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
caregiver tony stark
Daddy Tony Stark
little peter parker
Baby Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
relationships are complicated
Tony Stark Has Self-Esteem Issues
Peter Parker can handle everything by himself
Precious Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Awesome May Parker
Protective Tony Stark
protective may parker
Protective Pepper Potts
Peter basically has three parental figures
and he doesn't know what to do about that
takes place during spider-man homecoming
and into infinity war
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
bottles
Diapers
bed wetting
Carrying
thumb sucking
Crying
Platonic Bed Sharing
Stuffed Toys
Bathing
Peter Parker Angst
Tony Stark has PTSD
but they're both trying their best here
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

