Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It’s boiling outside.
Like, why am I wearing a navy tuxedo during May in hot, humid, Long Island weather, boiling.
Peter tugs at the collar of his shirt, feels sweat rolling down his back. May had promised everyone the wedding ceremony would only take fifteen minutes, tops, but he hadn’t factored in walking her down the aisle, for the officiant to go so slowly and make so many jokes along the way. They’re closing in on thirty minutes and he wonders, briefly, if his blood sugar is dropping, if the heat and the nerves and panic about not losing the damn rings are working against him.
He glances at his StarkWatch and sees that his Dexcom continuous glucose monitor is reading 142. He exhales slowly, confident that his blood sugar is not the issue.
It doesn’t change the fact that it’s boiling, though.
Or that he feels a little…swimmy.
Is that a word?
“Kid,” Tony whispers from his place in the line of groomsmen, kicking his heel softly. “You okay?”
“Y-yeah,” he whispers, not wanting to take the attention on the altar away from May.
May’s always made everything about Peter. Always. And that fact only intensified after his type one diabetes diagnosis three months ago.
But today? Today is about May. About Happy. About the two of them choosing each other and being happy together, and Peter has done everything he can think of to keep his diabetes and his tendency to be an absolute klutz from interfering with that fact.
“I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride,” the officiant announces, the small crowd cheering as May and Happy kiss. Peter smiles and claps, feels his body sway a bit and blinks his eyes as he steadies himself.
He’s fine.
Dexcom says he’s fine.

He’s fine.

The second the wedding party enters the coolness of the air-conditioned venue, Peter shimmies out of his suit jacket and tosses it on a chair in the cocktail hour room. He grabs a glass of water, but it shakes in his hand, splashes a bit on the floor.
For what isn’t a blood sugar issue, this sure as hell feels like one.
“Test, kiddo. There’s no way you’re in the 140s,” Tony says, a hand on his shoulder. Peter knows Tony has access to his Dexcom data, that he, along with Pepper, May, and Happy, can pull it up on his phone and watch. “You’re sweating through your dress shirt,” he whispers, grabbing Peter’s jacket and leading him out of the cocktail hour and up the stairs toward the privacy of the bridal suite. He deposits him on the couch, which Peter is half grumpy about, half thankful for, because the room is starting to spin a little, and hands him his kit.
Peter’s hands shake as he wipes with the alcohol swab, readies the strip, and pricks his finger.
The meter beeps.

52.

Too low.
“Fuck.”
“Let’s see what we’ve got in here,” Tony says after seeing the number, opening the mini fridge beneath the wet bar. “Orange juice, Dr. Pepper, Coke, Stella Artois–”
“Stella.”
“Funny, kid. You’re not 21, and it’ll make you drop more, even with the carbs.”
“Dr. Pepper.” He leans back on the couch, closes his eyes, and wills the spinning to stop.
Tony pops the tab on the soda and grabs a straw. “FRIDAY, calibrate Peter’s Dexcom to 52 milligrams per deciliter.”
“Of course, sir. Calibration complete,” Tony’s watch replies.
His Dexcom readings affect his pump. Tony refers to these moments where his sensor is off by a wide margin as garbage in, garbage out; without accurate readings, his pump doesn’t suspend insulin when it should. Peter shudders at the thought that he’d been getting insulin during the wedding even though he was dropping.
He hates this fucking disease.
Peter leans forward and goes to take the open soda from Tony, attempts to grip the can and get the straw between his lips, but his hand shakes again and the straw spins away from him. Tony grabs the full can just as it’s about to tumble to the floor.
“Underoos,” Tony comments with a sigh, guiding the can and straw to Peter’s lips.
He sips and sips, the carbonation making him feel nauseated. He really doesn’t want to throw up right now. “I feel like crap,” he admits when he lets the straw go.
“You were swaying during the ceremony.”
“Couldn’t tell what was going on because it was so hot.”
“Thought you were in the 160s when we started but you must’ve been way lower. Heat probably made you drop, too.”
“Was nervous,” Peter adds. “Thought I might lose the rings.”
“Shit, we didn’t pause your basal,” Tony says, referring to the continuous dose of insulin Peter’s getting in the background. He unclips Peter’s pump from his waistband with his free hand, careful not to pull on the tubing connecting the pump to a cannula site on Peter’s abdomen.
“Leave it. Don’t wanna go too high.”
“Yeah, and I want you to come up. You’re still making some insulin. Can’t have you hitting rock bottom at Aunt Hottie’s wedding.” Tony’s referencing Peter’s ‘honeymoon’ period; because he’s only newly diagnosed, his pancreas is still producing insulin in spurts. Combined with the fact that he’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
irondad - Relationship
spiderson - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Father-Son Relationship
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Chronic Illness
type one diabetes
Diabetes
Sickfic
Diabetic Peter Parker
High blood sugar
Low Blood Sugar

fandom: 
irondad - Relationship
spiderson - Relationship
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

