Work Text:
"Man, chill, you're shaking."Ugh. "Yeah well, it's not like my entire life is going to just crumble in the next few minutes, is it" he deadpanned in return. Ned had the audacity to smirk at him. "I see Mr. Stark's company is rubbing off on you. Why so dramatic?" Met with the glare that said you traitor, Ned finally relented. "Come on, dude, you'll be fine. Nothing's gonna happen. You'll just prove Flash wrong about your internship, he'll have no choice but to shut up."Peter sighed and turned to look through the bus window. They were approaching the Stark Tower that currently housed Stark Industries, along with all the necessary facilities to let it run smoothly, as well as the Stark penthouse on the top floors. After the Vulture incident, Tony ended up not selling it (he liked to joke he just moved the Avengers out, though), and Peter once overheard (not on purpose, he couldn't control his enhanced hearing!) (he would never eavesdrop on purpose) (never) (nu-uh, not him) his talk with Pepper about the main reason he decided against the move at the last moment. The new Avengers compound was too far from Queens. (ok, fine, he did)
Peter took out his phone and sent a quick text to make sure Mr. Stark wasn't up to anything, as him being up to something was probably Peter's biggest worry. If only he didn't intervene, everything should go smoothly. 



The bus came to a stop and all the students, Ned included, tried to get off at once, excited to finally arrive at the place of their childhood dreams. They were, after all, Midtown's finest, and Midtown High was a prestigious school for gifted young minds, the sort of which actually had a fair chance of ending up working at SI in the future, if only their curiosity and love for all things science didn't falter in the upcoming years. MJ patted him on his arm as she was passing by his seat to break him out of this thoughts. He quickly texted Mr. Stark back.



He scrambled to get off the bus after MJ on his shaking legs, hoping and praying to all that was holy, that this field trip didn't ruin his life. He asked F.R.I.D.A.Y. very nicely not to announce his clearance level, he made sure none of the Avengers had plans to visit him, Tony or Pepper, he even left a note for his colleagues not to out him in front of the class. Nothing could go wrong. Breathe. Nothing could go wrong."Hey, Penis! Trying to savour the last of your dignity before being exposed as a liar?"Right. 
 

 
They entered the building and were made to wait in the lobby as Mr. Harrington went to the reception desk. Peter looked around nervously, trying to predict where the first blow would come from. His eyes found the silver line at the floor, and he shuddered at the thought that F.R.I.D.A.Y. could break her promise to him - Tony could easily override the Stealthy Intern Protocol Peter designed if he so chose, so here's to hoping he didn't find out about the tour. "You okay?" He smiled at MJ nervously and nodded. She placed her hand on his, and only then he noticed he was wringing his hands in terrified anticipation. Ned bumped into him lightly to show his support. "So, Parker?" Flash sneered from behind him. "Not so confident now, huh? "Ok, kids. Come on, gather round," Mr. Harrington called. There was a young man by his side, wearing a blazer with the SI logo on it and holding a bunch of- bracelets? "Welcome, to Stark Industries, Midtown. My name is Juan Vargas and I'll be your guide today." Juan offered them all a big smile, seemingly as excited as they were. "First of all, let me congratulate you on scoring this awesome opportunity!"Peter had to stop himself from rolling his eyes. It figures. SI allows only ten tours a year, schools, universities and businesses from all over the country all compete for a spot on the list. Midtown High managed to finally snatch a place after the success of the AcaDeca team in D.C. It added the few points they needed to make it to the list, and after that — the entire student body signed up for the test that would ultimately appoint the brightest 30. The entire student body excluding Peter, but he was unfortunate enough to be on the AcaDeca team and therefore was granted a place whether he liked it or not. Only ten tours a year, and millions of competitors. It figures. It was his damn Parker Luck striking again. "Fun fact: I'm an intern in the PR department and your tour is actually one of my assignments, so please be nice," Juan winked at them and a few girls giggled. "A few basic rules first, and we're good to go. In a moment, I'm gonna give you your access passes, they look like this." He held up the bracelets. "You put them over your hand, like this, and they will automatically shrink to fit around your wrist. Every pass is coded to your name, it contains all the information we have on you as per the background check you were informed of in the waivers you and your parents signed. As long as you don't purposely try to pry it off, you won't trip the secur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Flash Thompson Redemption
Peter's StarkPhone should probably be tagged as a character
BAMF Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
How Do I Tag
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
BAMF Peter's StarkPhone battery
No Spoilers
Peter tried to be stealthy
but failed
yeet

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

