Chapter 1: Body Rashes and Other Things
    




Chapter Text
                Loki stands before the Allfather looking very much chagrined. His spell would have worked, if the soldiers had been more cooperative. The fools. Loki knows he does not exactly stand on solid ground where Odin is concerned. He suspects Odin thinks he is a spy for Jotunnheim or some other such nonsense. Loki was born the third son of King Laufey, prince to the realm of Jotunnheim in name but a useless runt that would never inherit the throne and was too small to serve as a general in his father’s army. Loki figured out at an early age that his future and his fortune would lie outside of Jotunnheim.                As a runt he is too small to be mated by another of his species. This fact alone made staying on his home world impossible. Loki wants a mate and children of his own someday, plus he wants to be more than a useless spoiled prince. He wants to DO something with his life, make a name for himself. Loki has ambition. Four years ago he’d begged Odin to grant him an audience, to let him come to live in Asgard and train at the healing arts school and learn magic.
Back then….

                
“Allfather, I know relations since the last great war have been strained between our realms, to say the least. But know that whether you choose to allow me to come to Asgard or no, I will not be returning to Jotunnheim. I have no future there. I’m sure you can guess all the reasons why just by looking me.” Loki says as he gestures at his own small stature. Odin contemplated his request. On the surface it all sounds very logical and even sincere. However, Odin fears that Loki might be a spy for his father and is hesitant to allow a snake into his midst. He was on the verge of saying no when his wife Frigga appeared from nowhere. 

                “Oh course you can stay my darling prince.” Frigga said brightly as she shot her husband, The King, a warning look not to contradict her. Loki smiled hesitantly looking between The Queen and The King for verification  that he would be allowed to stay. Odin huffed.

                “Welcome to Asgard Prince Loki.”

Back to the Future…
                Loki is the most promising healer the academy has produced in centuries. Loki likes to point this out on a regular basis. The other students hate him. Loki has also been arguing the merits of battlefield healers. He has gone before the guild time and again making  the case that healers need to be warriors too. It is ridiculous for the wounded to have to be transported all the way back to Asgard for medical attention. Some men are so fragile they don’t survive the travel by Bifrost. Loki was trying to prove his point by creating a whole new spell, whereby he could heal a dozen injured men simultaneously. The battlefield application would be a boon to army, and by extension, Odin. It would have worked if the men had continued holding hands. Idiots. Now a dozen men have full body rashes and Loki is standing before Odin to explain his mistake.                “Well Prince Loki?” Odin asks him. His council member, Lord Behur, and Headmaster of the Academy of Healing Arts has complained about Loki since the first day he arrived. Behur is a known bigot that hates Jotunns. He’s been trying to get rid of the miniature frost giant for four years, but Loki has outsmarted the man at every turn.                “The spell would have worked if the men had followed my specific instructions. They willfully disobeyed me and now the genital infections they all share from gang banging the same diseased whore has spread to the rest of their bodies. Frankly, Your Majesty, I do not feel sorry for them.” Loki says arrogantly. Odin laughs, actually laughs, or barks really. His mirth comes out loud and unrelenting. Loki is surprised. He didn’t know Odin possessed a sense of humor. Lord Behur looks shocked as well.                “I must confess Prince Loki, the thought of my already injured men suffering further injury from that spell of yours concerns me. Nevertheless, your idea has merit, even if your method needs more research and development. I am also encouraged by your idea of training up battlefield healers, and I am curious to know why it has not been brought to my attention before now?” Odin says as he looks at Lord Behur for an explanation. The man stutters, not expecting to be put on the spot.                “Ah…uh… my King, I did not present the prince’s idea to you before because I knew his spell was doomed to fail.” The man says haughtily and with open disdain towards Loki.                “Yes, but even though this one spell failed you must admit that the idea of bringing the healers to the warriors instead of dragging the wounded to the healing halls is far more efficient and will save many more lives than our current method. It could make the difference between winning or losing a war.” Odin says praising Loki openly in front of everyone at court. Loki smiles like the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Sif
Fandral/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Angreboda
Frigga/Odin

freeform: 
Avengers/Thor Crossover AU
Jötunn Loki
Intersex Loki
Loki fluff
Good Loki
Smut
Sex
Thorki - Freeform
Mating Cycles/In Heat
loki laufeyson - Freeform
Big Gay Thor tripping over himself to please Loki
Courtship

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Sif
Fandral/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Angreboda
Frigga/Odin

