Work Text:





 James doesn’t like Avengers Tower.It’s not for the same reasons as Steve, who likes to complain now and then, usually when Stark has pissed him off, about how the whole thing is an eyesore. James is fine with the aesthetic, or lack thereof, of Tony Stark’s architectural homage to his own dick. It’s being inside the tower that’s an issue.He lived there, the first few months after Steve brought him ‘home.’ He didn’t have a choice, and neither did Steve, really. No intelligence agency was happy about letting the Winter Soldier run free, and there was only so much Steve and the Avengers’ clout could do. The compromise was life in the fanciest, most comfortable prison possible, with 24/7 surveillance and Captain America himself standing guard.That’s not how Steve saw it, James knows. He just wanted to be there for his old friend, never mind that the poor sucker was buried under seventy years of high-tech brainwashing. But that’s not how Nicholas Fury or the Black Widow saw it, and even James, who could barely claim that name then, was all too aware of the undercurrents of power.It’s different now, almost two years later. He still lives with Steve, but their Brooklyn apartment with its mismatched furniture and plants on the balcony is pleasantly different from the tower’s metallic, sharp-edged opulence.His phone beeps with a series of successive texts. The tone’s Steve’s, but Bucky doesn’t need to check it to know that it’s the Widow who’s on the other end, likely asking what’s taking him so damn long. James takes that as his cue to stop dallying and go inside.On the long elevator ride upstairs, James admits to himself that it’s not fear of the tower that made him stand in the parking lot for a good ten minutes. It’s fear of what he’ll find inside.The Widow didn’t tell him much, only that Steve is uninjured but compromised and had to pull out of the mission. The other Avengers are still somewhere in Lithuania, doing whatever it is that they’re doing. James doesn’t try too hard to imagine what other than life-threatening injuries would convince Steve Rogers to turn his back on a mission. His imagination just doesn’t stretch that far.They still have a floor here, Steve and him. She’s waiting there, leaning against the front door, clearly waiting for the elevator.“Took your sweet time,” she grouses when James steps out.“Where is he?” he asks, ignoring the jab. If it were Steve, he’d respond, or at least try. “What happened to him?”“Got dosed with an alien aphrodisiac.”James’s brain screeches to a halt.“He’s inside the shower,” the Widow says, her mouth quirking up, it’s blood-red gleaming like an open wound. “He might be a while.”“Alien…aphrodisiac.”James thinks that he’d have accepted that with more grace if it’d been just the one. Aliens, fine, yes, Steve has bimonthly lunches with one of them. Aphrodisiacs that could override the serum’s heightened metabolism—weird but okay, he’s seen worse in just one of Hydra’s chemical labs. The two together is a fucking trip.The Widow shrugs with equanimity.“It’s strong enough that the serum can’t fight it. Thor told us where it’s from and how A.I.M likely got hold of it, but they’d already got Steve by then. Better him than the rest of us though. The serum can’t nullify its effects, but it’s letting him resist it. Or maybe that’s just his inhuman virtue. Either way, he didn’t jump on any of us, even me when we were alone in the Quinjet.”James blinks and takes a few deep breaths, absorbing the information to scratch his head over later. Steve’s the priority now.“You don’t seem worried,” he notes.“I’m not,” she says. “He’s okay. Mostly normal, except that he won’t talk beyond grunts and has an erection that won’t quit. Think he’s taking care of that now.”James shifts uncomfortably. She eyes him up, smile turning into a smirk. He’s seen that expression before. It’s harmless enough.“Why call me here?” he asks.“Someone needs to keep an eye on him. I have to meet Hill for a quick debrief and Pepper’s out of the country. No one else we can trust.”James raises an eyebrow at her. She snorts.“No, I don’t trust you. But Steve does. Your name was first in the handful of words he managed before he clamped up. Besides, if you wanted to kill him, you could have done it ages ago. It’s not like he hasn’t given you the opportunity.”That’s true. So true that it pisses James off sometimes, because he likes Steve best in this brave new world, usually more than he likes himself. And the pesky thing about caring is that you get angry when the object of your care acts like an idiot with a death wish.“At least tell me he didn’t leap into the path of the alien whatever.”The Widow laughs. It’s half for show, James knows, but he thinks he can see genuine amusement in her cool green eyes. Steve’s better at reading her, but Steve’s apparently busy rubbing one out in the bathroom.“Not this time,” she says. “It’s not a weapon. One of the scientists grabbed the first thing they could in a pa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Memory Loss
Identity Issues
Sex Pollen
Dubious Consent
First Time
Masochism
Painful Sex
Anal Sex
Rimming
Marathon Sex
Accidental Voyeurism
Mild Blood
Wet & Messy
Idiots in Love
Getting Together
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

