Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Roughest DayOr: The New Avengers, and the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day week MONTH

Chapter One



The  guy on the motorcycle was speeding. Jack saw a flash of blue-and-red  going by on his left-hand side, and he had just enough time to register  the bike and debate whether or not ten miles over the speed limit was  worth switching on his lights and pulling a U-turn to follow the guy and  pull him over, before the green SUV loomed up in front of him.Jack  swerved to his right, the massive car just missing sideswiping him  (going at least seventy, and that was a hell of a lot more than ten  miles over the speed limit) and slammed on the brakes, already reaching  for the switch to flip on his siren. In his rearview mirror, he could  see the car bearing down on the motorcycle.The next few seconds  seemed to happen in slow motion. The motorcyclist attempted to swerve  out of the way, just as Jack had done, and the SUV turned to follow him.  It was going to hit the bike, Jack realized, and then the motorcyclist,  realizing this at the same time that Jack did, was launching himself  clear of the bike, twisting his body in mid-air like a cat.He  wasn't quite fast enough. Jack had never seen anybody but Daredevil move  like that, but the SUV had acceleration and mass on its side. The car  hit the bike head-on, sending it sliding across the asphalt with a  screech of metal, sparks flying. The corner of the SUV's roof caught the  airborne man on the shoulder, and he was thrown sideways, to land in a  crumpled heap on the road.The SUV didn't even slow down,  barreling off down the street, mid-afternoon sunlight glaring off its  windows. Jack had just enough time to get a partial plate before it  turned the corner and was gone. He was already reaching for the radio,  calling in what he had of the license number and requesting an  ambulance, and then he was out of the car and running for the downed  motorcyclist.The man lay motionless in the middle of the road,  his mangled bike on its side several feet away, one wheel still  spinning. As Jack approached, he stirred, legs twitching for a moment  before he reached up and pushed his helmet off with one hand."Sir,  please don't move," Jack called out. The man ignored him, pushing  himself up onto one elbow. Just as Jack reached him, he planted his  other hand on the asphalt, trying to sit up, then groaned, clutching at  his shoulder. His left arm was hanging oddly, obviously dislocated.It  hadn't been an accident; that SUV had been aiming for him. Jack hoped  to hell the Kingpin wasn't involved. Last time there'd been a  hit-and-run this close to the Kitchen, all the witnesses had  mysteriously gotten amnesia, and they hadn't been able to make the case  stick."Do you want me to call for an ambulance?" an older black  man in a business suit called out, approaching them slowly and holding  up on of those sleekly fancy cell phones that did more than the boxy  grey Dell Jack wrote up his reports on. Behind him, a small crowd had  formed, people climbing out of their stopped cars to gawk."No, I got it," Jack told him. "If you could keep everyone back, though?"The businessman nodded, and Jack turned back to the man on the ground."Don't  try to get up, sir," he repeated, crouching down next to the man. He  was blond, mid-thirties, and even sprawled on the ground, it was obvious  that he was tall and athletic. He was wearing the shredded remnants of  what had once been a nice leather jacket, which had probably helped save  him from needing skin grafts. "Just lie back down. I've already called  for an ambulance.""It's not that bad," the man said indistinctly.  "I think I just dislocated my shoulder." Given the slight slurring to  his words, Jack mentally added "concussion" to the list of possible  injuries."Yeah, well, you could have done something to your spine, so I need you to stay still."The  man ignored him, sitting up further, hunching over his injured arm. He  pulled a face, then turned, and spat blood on the asphalt.Shit.  "Sir," Jack insisted, "I really need you to lie down now. If you're  coughing up blood, you probably have internal injuries.""No," the man said, looking slightly embarrassed, "I bit my tongue." He frowned. "Where's my bike?""It's  over there." Jack nodded toward the wrecked motorcycle, which, he saw  now, had probably been a very nice bike about five minutes ago. It  looked like an older model, probably some sort of classic. "We're going  to have to call someone to pick it up; looks like it's gonna need some  serious work before you ride it again."The man shook his head,  and tried to get up again. He only made it as far as his knees before  stopping, one gloved hand clutching his injured shoulder. His riding  gloves were bright red. So were his leather boots, which had weird  flopped-over cuffs. They stood out garishly against his blue leather  pants - guys on motorcycles always had leather pants - and Jack real
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
New Avengers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

