Chapter 1: Wade "Deadpool" Wilson
    




Chapter Text
The first thing Darcy did after falling through the portal, scratch that, after falling through the portal and landing on the other side, was roll over, vomit, and pass out.  After slowly coming back to consciousness, the first thing Darcy did was press the heels of her hands into her eyes and curse Jane’s life, obsession with science, coffee addiction, and lineage (which might possibly have included any livestock owned by said lineage) for a solid five minutes.She probably would have gone on longer, but –“Aw, can we keep her, boss?  I promise to walk her and feed her every day.”“Wade.”Darcy slowly lowered her hands, blinking at the bright white light above her, then turned her head to find three strange men all standing around her where she lay on some sort of modified hospital bed.  There was an older guy in a suit who looked very…military/government stooge (it was the haircut, and also the shoes), a younger man who looked like he might have grizzly bear somewhere in his family tree (sideburns, and freaking mutton chops), and finally, there was the guy who wanted to 'keep her.'  He was the youngest of the three, and looked sort of like a Ken Doll, if Ken had a sword fetish and a healthy dose of squirrel-like mania.“I shall love you and squeeze you and call you ‘George,’” the sword nut told her solemnly.“Nice reference,” she replied automatically, throat scratchy, “but my name’s ‘Darcy.’”Sword Nut’s mouth dropped open and he immediately pivoted towards the military goon, bouncing on his toes a little.  “Didja hear?  Didja?“Yes, I heard, Wade.”Darcy slowly sat up, turning so she could swing her legs over the side to dangle off the bed.  She looked around, frowning, “Alright, when and where am I?”“When?” Military Goon asked, avid and disconcerting interest sparking in his eyes.She nodded, ignoring the way Grizzly had leaned in towards her as soon as she was semi-upright.  “Yeah, ‘when.’  Portals are whacky shit, they can drop you in different times, places, dimensions…”  Darcy looked heavenward, “Please, for the love of little green apples and Thor’s poptart supply, let me be in the right dimension.”“Well,” Grizzly said, and his voice rumbled, “she’s definitely random enough to be your soulmate, Wade.”Darcy froze, “Soul – oh.  Oh, shitsticks.”“Aw, sweetums, you say the nicest things,” Sword Nut – Wade - chirped.She ignored him for the time being and turned to Military Goon, “Look, odds are good that my boss – the one who made the wormhole in the first place – will be by to get me sooner rather than later, so if there’s someplace I could stay in the meantime…?”He cocked his head to one side, smiling in that polite government way that Darcy associated with slimy politicians and corrupt cops (and/or Hydra sleeper agents, the fuckers), “Why – Darcy, is it? – I think we have just the place for you.”Wade went very, very still and then slowly and deliberately moved towards Darcy to lean on the bed beside her, facing Military Goon and Grizzly.  “Bossman,” he said, and something about his voice, now gone soft, had every hair on Darcy’s body standing on end while her heart started up a gallop, “I think you’re gonna wanna be very careful about how you ’place’ my soulmate.”Grizzly ostentatiously cracked his knuckles – holy shit, somebody was in need of a manicure! – and smiled, revealing canines that were way too pointy for her comfort.  “Wade…”“Victor, stop, he’s only doing as nature and god intended,” Military Goon said, his smile still patently false, but now a little less skeezy.  “We’ll just leave you two to get…acquainted while I make other arrangements.”  So saying, he turned and left, summoning Grizzly after him with a sharp, “Victor!”Grizzly – he did not look like a ‘Victor,’ maybe a ‘Vicious’ – followed after offering Darcy another one of those too-pointy-to-be-friendly smiles.She waited till the door was shut before saying, “Just so you know?  You have shit taste in friends.”  She turned her head and – wow, he did not appear to know what personal space was, as he…hadn’t really moved away from her at all, putting his head and, more importantly, his face a scant few inches from her own.He was studying her, a faint frown puckering his brow.  “So, portals,” he said, not addressing her statement.She quirked a brow, “Swords?”“Very convenient,” Wade said, “also?  Memorable.”Darcy smiled wryly, “Trust me, you won’t need the swords for me to remember you.”“Aw, you’ll make me blush!  Stop it, no wait, don’t stop, do go on.  I always like to hear how awesome I am.”“You will be all of the awesome if you get me a toothbrush, my mouth feels like something died in it.”“Hopes?  Dreams?  Your preconceived notions of what your soulmate must be like?” he asked, (finally) moving away to open one of the walls – yay for hidden compartments! – to reveal a small sink and pulling a toothbrush and toothpaste from seemingly thin air.“The first thing you ever said to me was a Warner
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Wade Wilson
Darcy Lewis/Erik Lehnsherr

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Timeline What Timeline
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
5 Things
5+1 Things
5 Times
only it's actually 6 but shhhhhh
Dimension Travel

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Wade Wilson
Darcy Lewis/Erik Lehnsherr

