Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text

Snake Scales and Serpent Tails

Chapter 1
 
There were a lot of things that Harry couldn’t really remember about the end of his fifth year; he couldn’t even remember most of what he had learned earlier in the year either. It felt like all of his memories had been hidden in a fog in his mind. Even his feelings seemed to be muted in that cloudy fog that had settled inside of him. 
 
After what had happened in the Department of Mysteries...Harry found it difficult to feel or do anything.   
 
His friends tried to help him, to support him, but it wasn’t enough to pull Harry out of the foggy empty feeling that had filled him. He just seemed to float from place to place in the castle going from one lesson to another until it was time to leave for the summer. 
 
Hermione would drag him to lessons, including the extra lectures that were offered on the weekends, while Ron would try to get him to play games of chess or exploding snap. Luna would sit next to Harry during meals and would hum gently. 
 
He just felt so empty, tired, and guilty. Nothing anyone did seemed to help him. Sirius was dead because Harry had made the decision to rush headlong into a situation he assumed to be reality even though Professor Snape had warned him all year that Voldemort would find a way to trick him. 
 
The exhaustion that plagued Harry got worse at the end of June as they boarded the train to return to London. 
 
Harry could hear his friends trying to comfort him, trying to pull him into a conversation, but he couldn’t seem to focus. He honestly didn’t want to focus. What was the point when the last person that he ever saw as family was dead?
 
He supposed Remus could be like an uncle, but other than when the older man had been teaching at Hogwarts, Harry hadn’t seen much of him. It was like the werewolf was avoiding him. Sirius had done more to be a part of Harry’s life even though he had been practically imprisoned in Grimmauld place. 
 
Ron and the Weasley’s could be considered a surrogate family for Harry, but their loud chaotic household had always felt foreign to Harry. He had enjoyed spending time with his best friend’s family, but it never felt like what he thought ‘home’ was supposed to feel like. 
 
No. The last of Harry’s family was dead and it was, once again, Harry’s fault. 
 
So what was the point of even trying to smile and talk with his friends? He just wanted to close his eyes, sleep, and pretend that Sirius was safely tucked away at Grimmauld place waiting for Harry to arrive for the summer. 
 
Sometime during the train ride, Hermione had changed the topic and was reminding everyone about something; something that they’d been told during a weekend lecture that Harry hadn’t been paying attention to. She was especially focused on him and Neville in the compartment, but Harry just turned his head to stare out the window. 
 
It was probably something about their OWL results or making sure to do their homework. Hermione always gave the same lecture on the train ride back to London.
 
He must have dozed off at some point because the next thing he knew, Ron was shaking his shoulder and telling him that the train had arrived. 
 
It still felt like Harry was wading through sludge as he stood up and grabbed his trunk off of the overhead compartment. His ears felt clogged up with cotton which made it difficult to hear anything anyone was saying to him. 
 
Harry felt his friends all give him hugs once they were off of the train before he watched each one drift away towards their families. 
 
Family…
 
The only ‘family’ he had left were the Dursley’s and Harry most definitely did NOT consider them family. If anything they were just a place to stay during the summer until he was able to get away for a while. 
 
Hermione was saying something again and looking at him worriedly. 
 
“I’ll be fine Hermione…Eventually.” Harry was only repeating what everyone had been telling him for the past week or so. Had it really been a week since Sirius had fallen through the veil at the DoM? 
 
“Write to us Harry, even if it’s at midnight. We’re your friends and we’ll always be there for you.” Hermione grabbed Harry again and hugged him tightly. She handed him a slip of paper with a series of numbers. “If you need to talk, just give me a call alright?” She practically begged him. 
 
Harry tucked the little slip of paper into his pocket and he nodded mechanically. He seriously doubted the Dursley’s would ever allow him to use their phone, but it was a nice gesture from Hermione. 
 
In the back of his mind though, Harry had to wonder why this was the first time Hermione had ever given him her phone number. They’d known each other for years and she knew he lived with his muggle relatives. She knew he would know how to use a phone and that he would, possibly, have access to one. 
 
As quickly as that thought came, it was gone leaving Harry feeling muddled and tired again. 
 
“Come on kid.” Tonks was standi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Voldemort
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Lucius Malfoy/Narcissa Black Malfoy
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

freeform: 
Suicidal Thoughts
only in the beginning
Child Abuse
end of 5th year
Sirius is Dead
Naga AU
Creature Inheritance
snake family
Mild Swearing
Ghostly Intervention
snake bits
us measurements
Harry knows nothing about snakes
naive virgin Harry
Dumbledore Bashing
Hermione Bashing
ronald bashing
Ginny Bashing
Good Malfoys
Narcissa is kind
Draco is a spoiled brat
But He Gets Better
Maybe - Freeform
Manipulative Dumbledore
Slow Burn
rated mature just in case
emotional harry
Voldemort is sane
kind of
GIVE IT TIME
instincts are a thing
Found Family
Good Severus Snape
mentioned mpreg
Possessive Voldemort
Protective Voldemort
Creature Harry Potter
courting
Good Dark Side
do not copy to another site
Do Not Translate
Without permission

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Voldemort
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Lucius Malfoy/Narcissa Black Malfoy
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

