Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Ugh,” Darcy says, making a face at her phone. “Mmm?” Jane asks distractedly, not looking up from the complicated-looking machine she’s busy in the guts of. She’s probably doing something important to it. “Nothing, just the show I was gonna go to this weekend is gonna be smack dab in the middle of my heat,” Darcy says with a sigh. “Fucking bummer, man.” “Oh, yeah, that sucks,” Jane says with the total lack of sympathy of a beta who never goes anywhere, much less to shows. “Pass me the spanner?” “Sure,” Darcy says, and picks a random wrench to hand over. Jane attempts to use it, then makes a disgruntled noise and looks at it accusingly, which probably means it’s the wrong one. Well, Darcy never claimed to know what the hell any of this stuff was called. Usually she goes with identifiers like “the second-shiniest one”, herself. “Maybe you can catch it next time,” Jane says, putting the wrench down, and Darcy blows her hair out of her eyes with a sigh. “Maybe I’m gonna be cranky all heat long,” she grumbles. “Aren’t heats a little distracting for that?” Jane says, giving her a puzzled look. Darcy gives her a dubious one in return. “Jane,” she says. “Ian’s back at Culver and the only other unbonded people around are all scientists with jobs to do or Avengers with Avenging to do. Who the hell is gonna be distracting me?” “Oh, right,” Jane says. “Uh-huh,” Darcy says. Not that she minds their temporary situation crashing at the Avengers complex labs, it’s actually a pretty sweet deal, but it’s also not exactly a great place to turn up a heat partner. “You could go to a clinic?” Jane suggests. “Or try to go out and meet someone in town?” “I mean, I could?” Darcy shrugs, resting her chin in her hand. “Shacking up with a stranger isn’t my favorite way to spend a heat, though, so they’d have to be a pretty impressive ‘someone’.” “Will you be okay if you don’t find anyone?” Jane says. Darcy shrugs again. “Not like I’ve never gone through a heat alone,” she says, though it's admittedly been a while since she has. “It’ll just suck.” "Well, if there’s anything I can do . . ." Jane says. "Not really, but I appreciate the thought," Darcy replies, picking up another random wrench and holding it out in offering. Jane takes it. "This isn’t the spanner, Darcy," she says resignedly. “Oops,” Darcy says. She finds the spanner, eventually, and Jane gets back into the guts of her machine. Darcy checks her calendar again, making sure nothing else overlaps with her upcoming heat. They always kind of sneak up on her, unfortunately, so she usually has to juggle some stuff. This time around the juggling is mercifully minor, which she is very grateful for after the time she was helping save the world while in pre-heat, which had been some kind of hell. Darcy likes to spend her pre-heat building a nice cozy nest, not getting attacked by alien elves. Well, at least Ian had been available to help her out that time, so actually the mess with the alien elves has a leg up on her current situation, ironically enough. Ugh. She breaks into Jane’s own calendar to input her anticipated heat dates with a nice and helpful little notification that’ll save them both some time, rather than her having to remind Jane probably the morning of. Jane’s great, but she’s also a beta, and a scatterbrained one at that. And Darcy can be pretty scatterbrained herself, honestly, but she knows how to handle a heat and “being interrupted in the middle of it by my boss” is just not on the list, nuh-uh, no way. Definitely no way. Jane finishes up with her machine, or maybe just gives up on it for the day, and they go hit up the cafeteria for dinner and spend it lightly bickering about different kinds of wrenches. It’s soothing, a bit. Jane’s not the calmest beta in the world but beta pheromones are still beta pheromones, and Darcy’s pheromones are getting ready to gear up for a heat. She’ll take any soothing effect she can get. Jane finishes before her and heads out, probably to spend an unadvisable amount of time on science!! because Tony Stark has been a terrible influence on this place, and Darcy dawdles over the last of her meal, idly debating if she actually does want to hit up a clinic or not. She really doesn’t like clinics, though. They work for some people, obviously, but she’s never been one of those people. She really wishes there were a few more non-Avengers/non-scientists around. Hell, even the other interns have been too busy to make nice with, so she doubts they’d be any more available for a long weekend in her den. Darcy isn’t lonely or anything—she’s got Jane and Erik, and Thor about fifty percent of the time—but she is kinda a little bit alone here. It sucks. She hears some stifled whispers from the next table over and glances up just in time to see Black Widow and Captain America walk into the cafeteria with Dr. Cho, looking over a file as they walk. It’s not the first time she’s seen Avengers around, and definitely not the f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alternate Universe
Alternate Timelines
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pansexual Character
Slice of Life
First Meetings
Flirting
Safe Sane and Consensual
Omega Darcy Lewis
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Darcy Lewis can't lose

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers

