Chapter 1: Window Pain // Tony Stark
    


Summary:

A famous and expensive surprise comes through your window via Amazon drone. Just kidding, more like via JARVIS.



Notes:
This is my first collection of one shots since January. Wow, hopefully these get somewhere.




Chapter Text
Sleeping was your favorite part of the night. After a long day with classes, lugging around all those unnecessarily heavy books and hearing teachers drone on, you would then go to work. And after a moderately busy night at work, you would take all your things home, bathe, and collapse into bed. It became this vicious cycle that you knew all too well- or, had known for the past five months. You knew that this would all be part of the package deal when you moved to New York, so you couldn't complain about it if you signed yourself up for it, especially when you knew exactly what you were getting yourself into.
Tonight was like any other night for you. You came home after work, going straight to the shower. You lathered up, letting the hot water wash away the blood, sweat, and tears you'd shed at work. Once you were done, your headache seemed to be gone, but you were still just as worn out as you were when you got in the shower. You wrapped yourself up in your robe, going back into your bedroom and sliding into some pajamas. Some soft shorts and a fleece sweater seemed fine, you decided while you slid that on. You left your room, going to the kitchen and getting out the tea kettle and filling it with water. You turned on the burner and gently slid the tea kettle onto the burner, letting the water warm. You dug through your cabinets, finding the tea that you wanted tonight. Raspberry zinger sounded good- something a little tart and calming right before bed. 
You set a teabag on the counter, closing the cabinet and turning to the tea kettle. You watched it for a minute, and then it started to whistle. Your mouth twitched into a smile, and it whistled for a second more before there was a loud crash, glass showering your entire apartment. You screamed, shielding yourself and dropping to the floor, hearing whirrs and the heavy breathing of someone else. You pulled yourself up from the floor by the counter's edge, your eyebrows furrowed. You peered from behind the counter to see none other than Tony Stark in his Iron Man suit lying in the middle of your living room. He turned, looking at you and letting out a grunt and then a pained groan. Blood was running down his face from a huge gash near his temple, his eyebrows furrowed. You panicked for a moment, saying, "Oh- shit," Finally registering what had happened. You ran for your bathroom, throwing open the cabinet under the sink and dragging a first aid kit the size of a child out to him. You found some flip flops right by the table, and you slid those on quickly to prevent from stepping on glass. You parked the first aid kit by the couch before picking the man in the suit up by hooking your arms under his, dragging him onto the sofa and sitting beside him. 
"Sorry," Tony breathed out as you ripped open the first aid kit, finding an alcohol wipe and wiping down his wound on his face gently. He hissed and shifted uncomfortably before you shook your head.
"No, don't be sorry." Tony turned his head for a second, looking at the frames of your once sliding glass doors.
"I'll pay for that," He told you sincerely before you shook your head again.
"No need." You said, seeing that the man had now started to study you again.
"You look really tired," He noticed. "Do you get a lot of sleep?"
You honestly couldn't help but laugh, going back into the first aid kit to get a butterfly steri-strip bandage. You gently peeled the paper from it, along with the little bit of plastic before pulling the skin together to press the bandage down, using it to help the healing process.
"You're asking me health questions when you just crashed in through my window and you're bleeding profusely from a head wound? You're something, Mr. Stark."
"How do you know my name?" Tony asked as an immediate response, and your blank expression made him say, "Right."
You grabbed some gauze padding and medical tape, taping the gauze to his wound to soak up some of the blood and hopefully stop the bleeding. 
"You know, my leg is fucking killing me. Can you look at it for me, Miss...?"
"(y/n)," You said before starting to rip parts of his suit off of him. You ripped off the arm pieces first, seeing that he was going to have some bruises and he had little cuts that could definitely use some Neosporin. You then got off the abdomen piece, seeing that he had a patch of blood spreading beneath his shirt.
"(y/n). That's such a pretty name," He chimed before you took his shirt off of him, watching his eyebrows raise with interest. You started to patch up another gash before he said, "You know, I can't believe I pass this place all the time and haven't seen you until now. What do you do around here, princess?"
"I'm a bartender two blocks over,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
Clint Barton/Reader
Clint Barton/You
Steve Rogers/Reader
Hank McCoy/Reader
Hank McCoy/You
Charles Xavier/Reader
Charles Xavier/You
Bruce Banner/Reader
Bruce Banner/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Erik Lensherr/Reader
Erik Lensherr/You

freeform: 
Marvel Universe
Marvel Cinematic Universe - Freeform
One-Shots
Friendship
Romance
Eventual Smut
Fluff
Cock-Blocking
Lime
Lemon
Avengers Tower
Avengers Family
X-men - Freeform
Friendship/Love
Smut
Cock Tease
handjob
Missionary
Riding
late night sex
Wake-Up Sex
Shameless Smut
Hickies
neck kisses
Kissing
Rough Kissing
Cheeky Bastards
Getting high
Smoking
Drug Use
Recreational Drug Use
Forehead Kisses
Pity Kisses
Sleepy Kisses
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt
Character Death
Canonical Character Death
Sad
Sad Ending
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Sexual Content
Reader-Insert
Reader-Interactive
Crying
Emotional Baggage
Heterosexual Character
Homosexuality
Male Homosexuality
Gay
Driving
Running Away
Love
Songfic
Song Lyrics
Age of Ultron
Spoilers
Robots
Swimming Pools
Pool Sex
Couch Sex
Marvel Comics - Freeform

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
Clint Barton/Reader
Clint Barton/You
Steve Rogers/Reader
Hank McCoy/Reader
Hank McCoy/You
Charles Xavier/Reader
Charles Xavier/You
Bruce Banner/Reader
Bruce Banner/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Erik Lensherr/Reader
Erik Lensherr/You

