Work Text:
Steve had not expected Stark to show up at the Compound. "Tony!" he greets warmly, hopeful that his fake excitement hides his displeasure. He really doesn't want to deal with Stark right now. "We didn't know you were coming!"Tony responds, "Yes, well, we have to sort out the tenant contracts; it's a bit odd because you won't be paying rent, but legal sorted everything out, we think.""Contracts? Are those really necessary?" Why did they have to involve paperwork in everything?"Yes, they are. In fact, you should be glad. Without a contract, you have no legal claim to stand on and could be kicked out at any time. With one, the terms of the agreement must be met on both sides, and the law must be followed."Oh, God. So that's how this is going to be? All legalities and formalities. Steve can tell right now that this day is going to be a long one.And, oh, it is."Absolutely not," Stark says when they mention Wanda living at the Compound."We're the Avengers, Tony, and that includes Wanda. You have no right to bar her from the Compound.""Rogers, this Compound is owned by Stark Industries, of which I am the majority owner, and my fiancee is the CEO, so, in fact, it is my right to bar anyone I please from this Compound or any other SI property. "And as for the Avengers, I bought the rights to the names "Avengers" and "Avengers Initiative" after the DC Data-dump.""What does that have to do with anything?" Steve asks."Well, you are clearly under the impression that you hold some sort of power over who is part of the Avengers and who isn't. You don't. Before DC, the members of the Avengers Initiative was at the discretion of SHIELD. Now, as I own the Avengers Initiative, that choice belongs to me and me alone."Steve's jaw drops. He can't believe the audacity of the man. How dare he say Steve can't determine who is on his team? He looks to Nat for support, but she is... she's as displeased as he is, but she's not finding an opening. So Stark must be telling the truth, at least in the eyes of the law. All right then. He'll just have to convince Stark.God, why does Stark have to be so difficult? Well, he usually sees reason after some cajoling. Maybe instead of Stark stepping back from the team, he should spend more time with it. Clearly Potts is a bad influence on him."Can you tell me why you are so against Wanda joining the Avengers, Tony?"He smiles, and Steve is reminded that most species bare their teeth as a sign of aggression. He's reminded because Stark looks like he could rip his throat out with his teeth alone. "Ms. Maximoff willingly joined Hydra. Save yourself the oxygen of telling her story of how she and her brother were tricked. After all, if they hated  me and the Avengers, why would they join the government agency which employed us? And even if they did, you surely don't mean to tell me that Maximoff's telepathy is so lacking that she couldn't tell they were Hydra, do you? Because if it is, then her lack of skills is more than enough to keep her from the team."And that is before we get into the fact that she mind-raped all the members of this team, including myself. That is before we mention how many people she made the Hulk kill. That is before we touch the fact that she wants me dead!""You killed her parents!"Stark laughs without mercy. "No, I didn't.""You made the bomb that killed her family.""No, I didn't. Stark tech rarely fails; it's why the military tried and tries to strong-arm Stark Industries back into weapons manufacturing."What does that have to do with anything?"What, you honestly believe that the Maximoffs had the unfortunate experience of being hit with the one in a hundred thousand SI bombs that didn't work?""It said "Stark".""And? I can order a Sexy Stormtrooper costume from Costume Express; it doesn't mean that it's legitimate.""What does that have to do with anything?"Nat answers, "What Tony is trying to say is that we can't confirm the veracity of the shell in Wanda's home. Fakes were and remain common, Steve.""But Tony still made weapons. If you hadn't made them, they couldn't copy anything, Tony."Stark looks at like he has a second head. "Dad never mentioned you having a problem with him building weapons."Steve doesn't see why Howard is part of this conversation."It's funny that you, a soldier who went so far as to lie on his enlistment forms and sign up for a dangerous experiment, another soldier who was in the Air Force long enough to become a Staff Sergeant, two former assasins, and the Hydra Barbie judge me for having made weapons which I legally sold to the United States government. And it's even funnier given that you pay my father no such disrespect despite the fact that Howard built Stark Industries."It only goes downhill from there. In the end, Steve, Nat, and Clint are "fired," while Sam and Wanda are never hired in the first place. They are also kicked out of the Compound before they get a chance to move into it. Wanda is arrested on charges of terrorism. Sokovia te
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark is not a doormat
Wanda Maximoff Is a Terrorist
Why Would Tony Let the Woman Who Mind-Raped Him Live in His Compound?
Author is salty
Author is Bitter
The Author Regrets Nothing
BAMF Tony Stark
Fix-It of Sorts

fandom: 
None
