Work Text:
James startles awake in the dark breathing hard and cannot make his muscles unlock.Steve shifts next to him. James has woken him up. “Bad dream?”"Mm," says James.Steve’s quiet. Then he says, “I get them too.”It’s in the dark that they have these kinds of conversations. They’re quiet. Serious. It’s in the dark that James steels himself to ask the questions that prey most on him - questions, usually, about the words in the notebook that contain what’s left of the man he should have been. And it’s in the dark, too, that Steve makes these small confessions, letting them out with twinned pride and nervousness - never a coward, Steve, never that, but he does hate to be pitied. Maybe it’s James he tells because James is in no position to pity anyone."I get," says Steve - once he gets started he makes himself finish, always, no matter what - "the war, but also - fights from before that. And after. Loki in Austria in ‘44. Nonsense if I stopped to think." He stops. Then he goes on. "I guess for you it’s them, huh."There’s only ever one thing either of them means by them.James lets out an ugly bark of a laugh. The mattress moves. Steve’s gone stiff. They’re not touching. James can’t sleep if there’s someone touching him."Sorry," says James. "Didn’t mean to -" laugh. He never does. (And yet laughter comes to him, sometimes, out of nowhere: he’s sat in his apartment bent double over his - his other self’s - notebook, laughing and laughing, horribly unable to stop.)This is the dream: James is lying in bed - a bed like this one, a real bed, with blankets and pillows - and the room is in shadow. Slowly it comes to him that the shadow is alive; that something in it is watching him. He does not move from the bed, because it is already all around him. He lies there. He watches. He waits. Soon the shadow reaches out for him. It pulls the blankets from him with invisible fingers. He is naked. He realizes suddenly that he should have tried already to run away, and tries to rise. Dark coils have already reached out for him: they catch at his ankles, calves, thighs, belly, wrists and shoulders; a strong thick one for his left arm, of course. They do not feel like anything. They might be made of smoke, and they hold him there like iron.James fights.This isn’t the nightmare.He thrashes in the grip of the shadow thing, and he cannot get free; he cannot get free; he is aware that it is watching him. He should have fought before. He should have tried to run. (In this dream, before, he has tried to run: it did not change the outcome.) But it holds him there and it watches him, and he struggles with tears running down his face, and a voice in his head says: stop fighting.He knows it is the shadow’s voice, and he does not know how it is inside his head.This is also not the nightmare.Stop fighting, it tells him again, and more coils unfold from the dark around the bed to hold him. He is wrapped up in them: encased: he is in a coffin made of smoke. Darkness falls over his eyes. He yells for help, but his voice sounds muffled to his own ears. Stop fighting, he hears again, from everywhere and nowhere, and then -then it loses patience with him, and it goes inside him: shadow strong as steel forces his mouth open and slides inside: shadow tendrils curl around his upper thighs, his cock, back behind his balls. It’s crazy: it’s humiliating. Stop stop stop stop fighting, the voice whispers, and -(this is still not the nightmare)James stops fighting.He goes limp in the grip of the awful thing holding him. And he can feel its terrible satisfaction. It begins sliding through everywhere inside him, threading its dark shapes through his veins and tangling them up with his nerves - touching every part of him until he’s -The thing is that this isn’t, this isn’t, this isn’t the nightmare.The nightmare is: it feels so good.It’s a sex dream, he guesses. It’s whatever someone like him has instead of sex dreams. James isn’t entirely sure what sex is meant to be like. He remembers kissing, both in the vague blotched memories of who he used to be and in the sharp unforgotten now, with Steve - but not that. Not sex.He isn’t sure what it’s meant to be like, no. But he’s pretty sure it’s not meant to be like that.He tells the dream to Steve, haltingly, most of it.It seems fair. Steve tells James his. Steve wants to know: that’s what he means by I guess for you it’s them. James trusts Steve: it’s a conscious effort some (most) days, but it’s been getting easier. The first time James slept in the same bed as Steve he dozed in twenty-minute catnaps. These days he occasionally makes it through a good three or four hours.In the back of James’s mind is the thought that maybe this is the thing that will make Steve see that he’s made a mistake, with James. With whatever he thinks he’s doing with James. And if it does. Well. That seems fair, too. Steve’s got a right to know.Steve doesn’t say anything at first. James lies still.Finally Steve says, “Hey.”It means 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Tentacles
Nightmares
trash-adjacent fluff
Originally Posted on Tumblr
Timestamp

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

