Chapter 1: A Hug, Interrupted
    


        Chapter by aenor_llelo, Alderous, Falrisesi, Jaybird314


Summary:

A man who's exactly what he says on the tin.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 Right before the end of the semester, one Mason and Mabel Pines had been sat down by their parents and told in no uncertain terms that that they would be spending their summer in Oregon with their dad's uncle, Stan Pines. Stan Pines was one of those people who looked exactly like they sounded- rough and loud and barrel chested, like he'd passed his younger days fighting people in back alleys for money. Except there was also the fact that he practically lived in a black suit, awkwardly large glasses, and An Actual God-Damn Fez. These drastically opposing attributes came together and overall made him look like some kind of vaguely eccentric mob boss. Dipper's not yet sure if the set-up is cool or stupid looking. "WELL HEY THERE!" Stan yells at them as soon as they get off the bus, arms raised up like he'd almost thought about giving them a hug. "If it ain't my favorite grand-niblings!" He ran some kind of tourist trap right out of his house, which probably explained the carnival-barker--desperately-trying-to-sell-you-something quality of his voice that he couldn't quite seem to turn off. So of course he'd charmed Mabel instantly. "We're your only grand-nibs, great-uncle Stan!" she laughs. "Great uncle?" the old man parrots incredulously. "Sweet Moses, that's a mouthful. Just call me Grunkle Stan, kids." He manages to heft each of their trunks in one hand, slowly herding them to his car. "Now if I'm rememberin' right, you twos are Mabel and Ma-" "DIPPER!" he manages to interrupt in time. He chokes a bit under Stan's confused surprise, coughing a bit as he turns away. "Call me, uh. Dipper. That's me. Your good ol' grand-nephew Dipper." 
Oh god, please don't ask, please don't ask-
 "Dipper it is then!" Stan laughs. "You takin' after the gizmo on your face or somethin'?" Dipper narrows his eyes. "How do you know about that?" "I was there when you two freeloaders were born, 'course I know about the permanent shiner on your noggin!" So they had met him before. At least they weren't staying with a total stranger. He was kind of nice, even, in a sort of... big bouldering dog way. Maybe staying here won't be so bad after all. "Now let's get into my rickety old car and drive to my suspiciously isolated cabin in the woods!" And the moment's gone. 
 




Notes:

ZHOFRPH WR JUDYLWB IDOOV
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Connie Maheswaran/Steven Universe
Jasper & Connie Maheswaran & Steven Universe
Ford Pines & Stan Pines
Dipper Pines & Ford Pines & Mabel Pines & Stan Pines
Fiddleford H. McGucket & Ford Pines & Stan Pines
Bill Cipher & Ford Pines
Fiddleford H. McGucket & Ford Pines & Shape Shifter | Experiment #210

freeform: 
Steven Universe is a Diamond
The Portal (Gravity Falls)
Autistic Pines Family
Steven Universe Has PTSD - Post Traumatic Stress Disorder
Stan Pines is a Good Brother
Stan Pines Is Offered Help For Once And He Takes It God-Damn It
Recovering Fiddleford H. McGucket
Steven Universe- Great At Friendship But Not At Being Human
Magic Dipper Pines
Mabel Pines' Sweaters
Adult Steven Universe
Watch In Horror As I Thoroughly And Systematically Dismantle Gravity Falls Canon
Post-Battle of New York (Marvel)
Gemsong
steven is a fusion
The Pines Family Are All Kind Of Wizard
Bill Cipher Commits What We Call In The Industry 'The Folly Of Hubris'
Codes & Ciphers
Steven The Casual Triple Shifter
When Will This Man Rest
The DeMayos And The Pines Are Related
Alien Politics In The Background
Steven Was A Sketchy Kid Who Grew Into A Sketchy Adult
Trans Dipper Pines
A Gideon You Can Tolerate
Internalized Transphobia
Demonic Homophobia Isn't A Tag But It Is Now
Stanley Pines Runs Over An Owl
Necromancy
Magic-Users
magic lore
Children Do Not Always Make Good Decisions
Pacifica Northwest needs a hug

fandom: 
Connie Maheswaran/Steven Universe
Jasper & Connie Maheswaran & Steven Universe
Ford Pines & Stan Pines
Dipper Pines & Ford Pines & Mabel Pines & Stan Pines
Fiddleford H. McGucket & Ford Pines & Stan Pines
Bill Cipher & Ford Pines
Fiddleford H. McGucket & Ford Pines & Shape Shifter | Experiment #210

