Work Text:
The limo pulls up to the curb in front of Steve’s place at a quarter to seven, just like Bucky said it would. Steve’s been standing by the front door since six-fifteen; peeking out the window, dressed to the nines in his suit. It’s not that he's been nervous, per say – not as if he wasn’t one hundred percent sure that Bucky would show up or anything. But it’s prom. In high school, there are only two real events that  truly define your overall experience: SATs and prom.Somehow, prom feels like the scarier feat of the two.Tonight’s going to be a big night. He and Bucky have talked about it throughout the week, in thorough detail. They’ve checked and re-checked with the other, to make sure both parties were still on board and didn’t want to back out at the last minute. Bucky was a little more worried about Steve in that regard, but Steve knew that there was no one better than Bucky to do something like this with. So he’d agreed and he isn’t about to back out now.“He’s here, ma,” Steve calls out, backing away from the window so Bucky won’t see him staring when he comes walking up to the front door. He can hear his mother hopping up from the couch in the living room, making an excited, squealing sound. When she practically hops down the hallway to join him in the front entrance, she’s got her camera in hand and a big smile on her face. Steve’s palms are already sweating. He sees the camera and groans.“Aw, c’mon ma – no pictures! Does this have to be so stereotypical?” he complains. He’d tried his best to look great for Bucky. Yes, he wants to look nice in general; it’s fucking prom, he obviously doesn’t want to look like ass. But he’s seen his boyfriend’s suit, even if he hasn’t actually seen Bucky in it yet. He can only imagine how amazing Bucky’s going to look when he opens up that door, and he wants to at least try to look just as nice – be someone Bucky deserves to have by his side on a night as big as this. But he wouldn't say he feels confident enough to be permanently documented forever.Sarah gives him a look and snaps his picture - just for Steve to get that little indignant little face he gets sometimes, before he can’t help but smile reluctantly. “Forgive me for being a proud mom right now, Steven,” she says, going all ‘Mama Says’ on him. “But it’s my baby’s prom, so if I want to take your picture, I’m going to take your picture. It’s not like I’m going to be able to turn around and just see your face forever, you know.”Steve’s expression softens. He’s made no plans of moving out come Fall, but they’ve spoken before about him potentially looking for a place closer to the city by his second year of University. It’s still a year and a half away, but he senses that this is one of those surreal moments where his mom’s trying not to get overly emotional at how quickly her son’s grown up. He takes one look at the brightness of her eyes and the slight wobble in her smile, and his resolve crumples. Sighing with a smile of his own, he holds out his hand for the camera.“Here,” he says, “let’s take one together then.”Taking it, he holds out his arm and she leans in, pressing her cheek to his temple. Tilting down the camera, Sarah beams and Steve tries to give his best smile as he snaps the picture. After turning the camera around and checking it out, Sarah hugs him to her and kisses the top of his head.“Your father would’ve been so proud of you,” she murmurs, with only a small trace of sadness. “You look so much like him these days; so handsome.”“C’mon, ma, don’t get all sad on me,” Steve replies gently. But he rises just a bit onto his tip-toes and kisses her cheek. “Thank you,” he says. She smiles back down at him, eyes shining, when the doorbell rings.“That must be James,” she says excitedly, turning away from Steve and opening up the door. With where he’s standing, Steve’s facing the opened door and can’t see Bucky on the other side. Sarah’s eyes light up and she jokes, “Took you long enough to get from the curb to here – did you stop to ask for directions?” Then she holds out her arms for a hug.(Sarah was the first person they’d told, the day after they’d come clean about their feelings for each other. The volume with which she’d shrieked with delight made Steve think he was about to go deaf.)He hears Bucky chuckle and reply, “Nice to see you, too, Mrs. Rogers.”As he steps into the house and hunches down a bit to give Sarah a hug, she mock chides, “How many times do I have to tell you to call me Sarah?”The hug is affectionate and tight. “About as many times as I have to tell you to call me ‘Bucky’,” he says, smiling.Pulling away, she places her hands on his arms and takes in the sight of Bucky in his suit. “Mrs. Rogers makes me feel old,” she says.“Well you don’t look a day over twenty-nine,” Bucky says charmingly.Sarah pretends to be offended. “Twenty-nine?” she repeats. “I would’ve preferred twenty-five, but…” She chuckles and drops the charade. “You look very nice,” she compliments. Gesturing to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Buck Me Series
Buck Me Stucky Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - High School
Teenage Steve Rogers
Steve Is a Month Shy of 17
Teenage Bucky Barnes
Bucky is 18
Established Relationship
Prom
Something About Sex with Bucky Wearing Only His Tie
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Skinny!Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Coming Out
Bucky's Been Nominated for Prom King
Anal Sex
Anal
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Rimming
Dirty Talk
First Time
Steve's First Time Bottoming
Two Boys In So Much Damn Love with Each Other
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Feels
Artist Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky and Natasha Dance
and it's awesome

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

