Chapter 1: Part One-I Get Off
    




Chapter Text
Part 1: I Get Off
Tony took a sip of his scotch before setting it down on his bedside table. His eyes slid shut as he rolled his neck and shoulders, trying to relieve the tension built up over long hours in the lab. He hadn’t actually seen his bed in days and felt it was high time for some release. A quick glance at the mirror hanging from the back of his bathroom door revealed a clean, put-together appearance, if one didn’t count the grease-stained wife beater and torn jeans.
It used to be that coming off of a work binge meant sweat and grease and maybe even a little blood. It meant being gross and smelling like a punk rock band the day after a show. Depending on the length of the binge he could even get a pretty solid beard going sometimes, too. But that wasn’t how things went anymore…not since the ‘occurrences’ had started. Now Tony showered and shaved in the lab before even thinking about making his way upstairs.
During the binge he let himself go as much as ever, crashing on his battered old couch with filthy hair and grime still under his fingernails. The moment the binge was over, however, he hopped right in that decontamination shower that Pepper had insisted on and cleaned up. The ‘occurrences’ had been happening for months now and Tony knew without a doubt that if he made it to his bedroom then his mysterious guest would show.
Tony fingered the hem of his tank top before pulling the garment off over his head and tossing it carelessly to the side. Crossing the room to the large windows that lined the side of the bedroom in his Malibu mansion, he pressed his forehead against the cool glass. There’d been talk recently of moving the Avengers into his tower in New York, or possibly even into the old Stark mansion, but Tony wasn’t so sure he was ready to give up this view…or the privacy that living alone afforded him.
“JARVIS, lights on dim.”
The A.I. silently obliged his command, lowering the lights of the room to give it a sultry feeling. Tony had used this setting for many a romantic liaison, but none quite as exciting as what he’d been participating in lately. Turning away from the window, he headed back over to the abandoned glass of scotch. It took less than two gulps to finish off the expensive liquor.
Setting the glass down once more, the genius reached in to pluck a single cube of ice from its depths. He popped the cube into his mouth, rolling it around on his tongue to suck off the last of the alcohol before taking it in his fingers once more. A shiver ran down his spine as he pressed the ice into his flesh, rubbing it across the back of his neck in a kind of freezing massage. His eyes fluttered shut as he moved the cube around to rub against his collarbone. 
Almost immediately the hairs on the back of his neck began to prickle and stand at attention. The room felt alive with an energy Tony had noticed from the very beginning, but it seemed his A.I. was unable to pick up on. He’d tried every frequency he could think of, but the presence of his guest remained invisible in every sense of the word. 
Now that he knew he was being watched, Tony felt encouraged to really begin his show. He allowed the steadily melting cube to glide down his chest, leaving a trail of water behind that cooled quickly in the air of his room. A small moan, more for show than from any real pleasure, passed his lips as the ice made contact with his nipple. The bud hardened in an instant, responding readily to the drop in temperature.
The billionaire sank down onto his bed without opening his eyes, tilting his head back and leaning against his pile of pillows. He could practically feel the gaze of his guest riveted upon him and his cock stirred in his pants at the sensation. Tony was used to being watched his entire life, had grown up practically on camera, but he’d never been much an exhibitionist before these visits started.
He couldn’t even really be sure quite how it had all started. The first time, he’d brushed the feeling of another presence aside, assuming it was just his sleep-deprived imagination. As it happened again and again, though, there was no denying that something more was going on. Tony and his guest, without ever speaking, had fallen into a kind of routine. If Tony slept in his room he would, without fail, receive a visit and, in turn, put on the performance he knew the other was looking for.
For a while, Tony was pretty sure his voyeur didn’t know that the hero knew he was being watched but there was no denying it for long. He’d always been the type to come alive on stage and that flair for the dramatics couldn’t stay hidden in something he found himself enjoying so much. The shift in their relationship didn’t seem to bother either of them, though. Tony always gave his guest exactly what he wanted, but nothing came for free.
The ice circling his nipple finally finished melting and the Tony pinched the hard nub gently, twisting it just a bit and letting 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Smut
Shameless Smut
Voyeurism
Male Slash
PWP without Porn
FrostIron - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark

