Chapter 1: block me in, heal me up
    




Chapter Text
Sarah Rogers always loved Steve's hands. He remembers lazy Sunday afternoons, draped against the railing of their apartment's rickety fire escape, when his Ma would come outside with a pitcher of lemonade. It was a treat — one she would save for every other weekend — and Steve would always feel a familiar twinge of guilt whenever he'd drink his glass with a few greedy sips.He remembers his Ma sweeping her fingers through his hair, ruffling his short-trimmed bangs across his forehead. Steve had leaned into her touches whenever he could. Too often she was working at the VA office or laid in bed with another migraine to share these quiet moments with Steve, but there were times she pulled herself from bed to spend her day with him.He can even remember the feel of his mother's hand on his own when she would bring her touch to linger at Steve's slender fingers. She would pinch at them, measuring their width with careful inspection, before turning her head towards him. "They're a gift," she would tell him, "so make good use of them. Always make do with what you've got."Steve had only shook his head, turning his gaze away from his wrists, which pulled sharply underneath his skin. He'd heard what the kids thought of his hands — weak, fragile, girly — and couldn't bear to look his Ma in the eye when he lied. "I know," he had said one afternoon. From his tone alone, Sarah had known Steve didn't believe her. That afternoon holds one of his favorite memories, kept locked away for the nights when Steve couldn't sleep underneath the scrutiny of the 21st century. Sarah had curled her fingers around Steve's wrists, circling them with ease under her calloused skin. She traced her thumb against the patch of hidden veins on the soft underside of his arm before pressing into the skin. She pulled him into her side, ignoring the stiff line of his back as she rested her head on top of his. "These hands will do a lifetime's work, Steve. That's nothing to be ashamed of.  Just remember," she had said, "to do the work you love."Sarah had gone back inside shortly after with a nagging cough tugging at her lips. Steve kept outside, watching the sunset through the dusty Brooklyn air that all too often choked his own lungs and sent him inside after his mother. Colors — muted shades of orange, yellow, and gold — clouded the sky as the sun set past the factory on the horizon. The crumbling walls of the old building had let streams of sunlight through potted bricks, and Steve had to squint when he had stared too long at the scene. His hand was still on the railing, and Steve had dropped his eyes to take in the pale skin, trimmed nails, and bony grooves of his knuckles. His thumb tapped once, twice against the rusted rail before he turned to head back inside. It wasn't long until he'd come back outside with a few napkins in one hand and a couple pencils in the other. He didn’t return until he'd drawn everything his eyes could see, that his fingers could capture.

________
At some point, Steve and his art became inseparable.It was probably around the same time that Steve started fighting, lips loose with spitfire words that ticked off bullies all across town. It was a good thing Steve had met James Barnes when he did. Steve isn’t so stupid that he doesn’t get just how much he owes Bucky, how he might not have made it out of his back-alley brawls alive like he always did. And, like that, it wasn't just his sketches that somehow came to define everything that Steve was. In every other way, Bucky filled out the rougher edge of Steve, bringing laughter and poorly timed pranks into his life with a toothy grin and dark coifed hair that made all the girls swoon. Well, except for Mrs. Nixer who never once smiled at Bucky's gallant thoughts, and had even threatened to rap his knuckles raw after seeing him pass a note to Clara during History one afternoon. Steve had tried to stand up, to tell her that the note was from Steve and that Bucky was just trying to pass it along. He didn't even get his mouth open before Bucky fixed him with a look that just said don't.Steve had waited outside of school that day, sweating through the thin cotton of his shirt, and sat against the low fence alongside the school's courtyard. His shoes bounced against the concrete when he dangled his feet, careful not to shake his sketchbook that was balanced on his knees. He twirled his pencil between his fingers and stared at the scene caught on the page. It was a rough outline — all twisted with loose strokes that circled around one another. The scene was recent, Steve knew, but he still couldn't get a few things right. The desks lined in rows were spaced, and even Ms. Nixer's thin lips had been proportioned just so, but still. Steve pursed his lips. Something was missing. A voice had then come from behind him, and Steve flinched when a shadow fell over his shoulder. "Hey, punk."Steve rolled his eyes. "Took you long enough.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Artist!Steve
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

