Work Text:
It’s Saturday night, he’s barely managed to change out of his Captain America costume, and Steve is fairly certain that every inch of his body that is capable of aching? Aches.
Steve groans slightly as he climbs the stairs to his and Bucky’s apartment, clutching the railing a little tighter than usual. He’s just arrived back in DC, so fresh from the ride he can practically still hear the helicopter whirring in his ears, and there’s nothing he wants more in the world right now than a hot shower and a warm bed. The adrenaline has long since worn off, and right now Steve is painfully aware of every throbbing muscle.
The fight in Illinois hadn’t been all that dire – just some HYDRA engineer with a taste for robotics and serious delusions of grandeur, a minor scuffle at most. With Tony and Natasha there, it had been wrapped up quickly enough.
All the same, Steve is very much relieved to be home right about now.
He pulls out his keys as he reaches the top of the stairs, rubbing a hand over his sternum as he unlocks the door. None of his ribs are broken, but super soldier or not, there’s no way he’s getting out of this one without at least a little bit of bruising.
The lights are on when he pushes the door open and walks inside, which means that Bucky’s probably still awake.
“I’m home,” Steve calls out as he closes the door behind him, propping his shield up against the wall closest to the door. He shrugs off his shoulder bag with the majority of his costume crammed inside, dropping it onto the floor and making a mental note to deal with it later.
When Steve finally turns around to face the interior of their apartment head-on, he’s caught off guard to see Bucky standing silently in the living room. He’s wearing a pair of grey plaid pyjama bottoms and a tank top that technically belongs to Steve, one of the black ones he sometimes wears when he goes running with Sam. His feet are bare against the hardwood floors.
Bucky’s only a few yards away but he hasn’t come any closer; just stands there looking right at Steve with an unreadable expression on his face. 
“Hey, Buck,” says Steve, offering him a weak but genuine smile. “How are y—”
The rest of the sentence is cut off, however, when Bucky strides forward, grabs the front of Steve’s jacket, and slams Steve back against the wall.
It’s ruthlessly fast and entirely unexpected, and for a split second Steve’s whole body tenses up for another fight. His brain is crashing through thoughts as quickly as he can have them, he’s having a flashback and he’s lost his memories and he was having a good day when I left this morning skittering through his head lightning-quick.
Heart racing, Steve is trying to figure out the best way to struggle out of Bucky’s hold and get to his shield without hurting him – when a few other little details start to register.
The first thing is that, other than shoving him up against the closest hard surface, Bucky hasn’t actually tried to hurt him in any substantial way. The Winter Soldier is fast and vicious; he wouldn’t get to this point without at least trying to throw a punch right after.
The second thing is that, no matter how hard and efficient the move might’ve been, there is nothing blank or brutal or pitiless about Bucky’s face right now. His eyes are flashing and his mouth is a thin, tight line and all of it – from the way his body is all crowded up against Steve’s to the look on his face – is 100% Bucky.
“What the hell was that, Rogers?” Bucky snarls accusingly, and for the first time Steve registers just how furious Bucky is right now. He’s practically shaking with it, glaring hard and demanding an answer, and Steve genuinely has no idea what this is about.
Steve finds himself relaxing into his friend’s grip anyways; lets Bucky keep him there if he wants to. Bucky isn’t the Winter Soldier right now, after all, and there’s nothing to be gained by pulling away. He pushes the idle fantasy of a hot bath and a solid eight hours of asleep away for now, feels grateful that the rush of startled adrenaline has given him a second wind.
No matter what this might be about, there’s no place in the world Steve would rather be right now other than here.
“Bucky, I don’t know what you’re talking about,” says Steve, quiet and firm and trying to convey his earnestness with his eyes. He settles back against the wall, bracing himself for a long night and wondering distantly what could’ve possibly sparked this kind of reaction.
Bucky makes a frustrated noise in response, tilting his chin and pursing his lips in frustration. It gives Steve a second to take him in properly, eyes darting over the parts of Bucky he can see from this position. The hair that he's been growing out is pulled back into a messy ponytail, his pale blue eyes gleaming and his teeth gritted with fury. The way his whole body is thrumming with contained energy, his metal arm tensed and ready the way it is before he lashes out in an attack.
His hands are still fisted tight in the fabr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
past depression
Control Kink
Dom/sub Undertones
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Oral Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Emotional Ineptitude
Bottom!Steve Rogers
Top!Bucky Barnes
Somewhat unhealthy ways of dealing with conflict
Discussion of Past Suicidal Behaviour
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Recovery
gif warning

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

