Chapter 1: Lost in the Fog
    


Summary:

Harry wakes up in an unfamiliar place.



Notes:
I started this fic earlier this month after having a lot of ideas over the past few years. It takes a lot of inspiration from a variety of HP/MCU crossovers. There are so many good ones, and I always wanted to do my own take on one.The ideas for this one actually started earlier this year after rereading Fregor's wonderful story 'Friendly Neighbourhood Falcon-Mage' (seriously, go read it if you haven't). I fell for the ship hard, and given how few fics there are for it, I decided to be the change I wanted to see & started writing for the first in almost 8 years.A good chunk of this story is already written. At any time I've probably got at least the next 5 chapters already written. Updates will happen roughly every 3 weeks.Hope you enjoy it!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
An unbeatable wand, a stone of resurrection, and a cloak of invisibility. Three items, individually powerful, best known for their combined power to imbue their master with the powers of death itself.Harry Potter had never sought to master death. He walked to his death that day with no hope of ever journeying back. He had chosen to sacrifice himself and when the time came he greeted death like an old friend. And yet, whether by fate, miracle, or happenstance, he returned to the world of the living.Later, as he stood across Voldemort's corpse, two wands - neither his own - in his hands, Harry dared dream that he had finally found some peace, unfamiliar a concept as it was. But it was not to be. Reality came crashing down, and with it the crushing realization that he was alone. The casualties of the battle were great, and among them was the family he had made for himself over the past seven years. There was no peace to be found.And though he could not bear to face it - had locked the thought away and threw away the key, Death had marked him that day. And Death would not allow its chosen Master to remain ignorant for long. Nor would it suffer him to waste away, in his misery and self-imposed exile, in the aftermath of the battle. Wizarding Britain had been freed, and as its saviour and as the Master of Death, Harry Potter would also be freed of the chains that bind.  The unmissable smell of car exhausts, the stench of garbage, and an unpleasant herbal aroma. Those odours and many more were the first to greet him, before he even felt the hard pavement he was sprawled on. As his eyelids flickered open, he took in the sprawling skyline of steel and glass and concrete reaching into a cloudless blue sky. Alarmed, and needing to take in more of his surroundings, he tried to sit up, groaning as his stiff limbs put up a fight. He found himself sprawled at the entrance of an alley, between two large concrete buildings in what seemed to be a modern city. Looking around he also noted the garbage bags filled to the brim, the puddles of what he hoped were just water, the broken crates, empty barrels, and litter scattered around.Dulled senses slowly coming to life, he then noticed the steady stream of people walking around. Men and women, unquestionably muggles, going about their day and seemingly oblivious to the teenager with black hair, striking green eyes, and a lightning bolt scar, sprawled on the ground just a few feet away.Harry Potter was beginning to panic as he took in his strange situation. He was alone in a strange city, had seemingly been unconscious, and - as he jolted up and started searching his person & his immediate surroundings - he was without his wand.A wizard without a wand was incredibly vulnerable and, having just survived a war, Harry was not someone who could allow himself to be vulnerable. Increasingly unnerved as he wrapped his head around the strange situation he was in, he desperately wished he had his wand on him. The desperation he felt was not in vain though, as in that moment he saw a wand appear in his hand with a swirl of darkness. It was a wand he was well acquainted with, one with a tragic and destructive history. It should have been broken and buried in the woods where he left it, but here it was in his hands after only a prayer in the wind."What the bloody hell is happening…" Harry muttered. He had so many questions. Where was he? How did he get there? And though he wasn't sure he wanted to know the answer, he had another question - why was the Elder Wand in his hand?It defied all sense that he could have somehow summoned the wand to his hand with only a thought. And why the elder wand, rather than his own wand? Why not the phoenix feather and holly wand that he carried on him at all times?With a grunt, Harry picked himself up and got to his feet. With another glance at the people walking obliviously past, he took a few steps back deeper into the alley & raised the wand, flicking it skyward.“Cave inimicum,” he incanted, casting a protective charm that kept himself hidde
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Master of Death Harry Potter
Powerful Harry
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Awkward Crush
Eventual Romance
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
BAMF Harry Potter
Humor
Adventure
Minor Character Death
Slow Burn
Slice of Life
Mild Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

