Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Turn on the lights in here, babyKnow what I mean, want you to see everything...

For two people who had previously struggled to keep any relationship going steadily, Darcy and Steve were doing remarkably well. They had been going out for a few months now, having met at work, having spent a lot of downtime together. She helped Coulson out with filing reports, updating him on what they were all up to, and as a result had spent a lot of time talking to Steve and his team post-mission. Steve had taken an instant liking to her and asked her out after Sam bet that he would chicken out. Steve had asked her to the cinema and they'd been going out ever since. They hadn't been having sex for very long. Their first few encounters were mostly drunk, tumbles between sheets at his place post-date, or the occasional midday fuck at the office. Apparently Darcy wasn't fussed about public places and Steve didn't mind either. He wasn't a guy with lots of time on his hands. But the sex they'd had was good, he always made sure she came properly. Call Steve Rogers anything, but don't call him a selfish lover.He liked being in a relationship. He loved it. Steve took care of all of Darcy's needs and got a kick out of it, too - it felt good to provide for somebody, to give them everything, to take care of them. He brought her flowers, made her dinners (some of which were disastrous, but the thought counts), bought her presents. He had never had enough money to buy gifts for the girls back in the day, and in the war there were no luxuries for anybody. This was the first time he had ever had the chance to show somebody just how important they were, and he loved to see her face light up at each surprise. They spent a lot of time together, between him running missions and her chasing around after Foster and Selvig. Darcy was remarkable at juggling everything in her life, but it took her a while to settle into a routine with him, because unlike Steve, she wasn't as comfortable in relationships as he was. She would often take off if things were looking too serious, she got scared if they put too many labels on it. When he asked her about it, she said that she wasn't used to it. She was used to one-nighters and shitty guys and it was scary to have somebody dedicate so much of themselves to you.It took her a while, but eventually she stopped leaving before breakfast, and after a few weeks she was even making breakfast for him. She began to open up to the relationship thing a bit more. She became more generous with her love for him, she never missed an opportunity to show him how much she appreciated him - bringing him lunch or coffee whenever he was around, leaving post-it-notes on his locker when he was out, providing him with a huge collection of films that they could watch together. It made Steve so sad to think that she had spent her life not being loved the way that she should, but he was also extremely happy that he could show her just how good it could be, to be with somebody. To have someone to spend time with, to rely on, to get to know in a whole new way. She didn't know what it was like to connect with somebody on an intimate level, and he was very happy to provide for her. Darcy wasn't the best at providing for herself, or even taking care of herself. She had been born with transposed arteries - or as she liked to call it, a backwards heart. It also meant she had a number of vitamin deficiencies, arrhythmia and a pacemaker (which was tiny, Steve could hardly believe how small it was). He had all kinds of questions when he saw her surgery scars, but Darcy didn't want to talk about it, so they hadn't. At least, not until he had to take her to hospital. She had ignored her own body's warning signs and passed out at work, hitting her head on the way down and getting a mild concussion. When she woke up, and found out that she was in hospital, she was pissed off. She had treated Steve with no small deal of anger at being made to fill out forms and get a full check by the doctor, swearing profusely at the needles, but Steve wasn't put off by her glares. This was for her own good and he was putting his foot down. She wasn't going to hurt herself, not on his watch. When he found out how many medications she was actually on, he lost his cool a little. "Why didn't you tell me?" he asked, staring at the prescriptions in her file. She had snatched it out of his hands. "It's none of your business," she said. "It is my business, Darce. You're a part of my life. I gotta know these things.""It doesn't matter," Darcy retorted. "I don't want to be a burden, okay? I can take care of myself."The conversation halted for the car ride home, but picked up again in the kitchen when they arrived back at his apartment."I take up too much of your time as it is, you don't need to worry yourself with my stupid problems," she spat."What makes you think that you're taking too much of my time, Darce?" he asked, feeling frustrated. He
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Kink
baby girl kink
not quite a daddy kink
borderline daddy kink?
i am not sure
Sexy Times
heart condition
featuring (in no particular order):
Self-Esteem Issues
Developing Relationship
and Steve's super serum dick

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

