Work Text:
Sometimes, Tony had nightmares where he didn't go. Where he flicked off the viewscreen and made a face at the fading image of Zemo's stupid turnip-bag head, and when Rampage said So are we going boss, he said no.
 
Because he couldn't stand Zemo, because he didn't like the way the League was going, because the armour needed upgrading, because he had a job planned, because he had a meeting with the Board. For any one of a dozen reasons which were more pressing than the mild curiosity that made him say Sure, why not.
 
He'd expected nothing more than a grand plan, maybe a new invention, and the usual rant from Zemo about his imminent victory and how they should all follow him to fascist glory. But the second he strode into the turbine hall that was League HQ this month, he knew this was different. There was near-silence, and several of the villains present looked... nervous.
 
Tony slowed to a stroll, as if he owned the place; if he recalled correctly, he did. He provided an awful lot of the resources the League of Supervillains used, simply because it gave him a measure of control over what was a near-uncontrollable loose association of criminals, outcasts, and the genuinely psychotic.Even among this crowd, a six-foot-six battlesuit was enough to gain him space. If that weren't enough, Rampage's proven willingness to use her cherry-red and silver cannons in even the pettiest of quarrels would certainly do it.Sure enough, the crowd ebbed away in front of them, and in the centre of the crowd was Captain America, chained on his knees, bleeding from a dozen minor wounds, one shoulder clearly dislocated.
 
He heard a gasp from Rampage over the comm, and felt his own breath catch sharply, but their faceplates, gold and silver, were impassive.
 
Well, shit. He'd never thought Zemo would actually catch the man. Pity wormed in as he took in Cap's dazed expression, the tears in his costume revealing bruises and abrasions scattered over his form. Cap wasn't such a bad guy, as meddling superheroes went, and no one should be in the hands of Baron Zemo. 
 
They should never have let him join the League. When you started letting Nazis in, you'd cleared the moral event horizon, Tony knew that. He should've kicked up more of a fuss. He should have objected when they let Crossbones join, or even Daken; murderers and worse.
 
How had he ended up, here, about to watch Captain America die and applaud politely?
 
"Boss?" Rampage's voice came over the comm. "We can't."
 
Zemo had apparently been waiting for him, possibly some kind of League-founder-member thing. Or maybe he knew Tony couldn't stand him and wanted to rub his nose in his coup. He was ranting something about his victory, and Cap was swaying, as if even remaining on his knees was too much effort.
 Cap's a superhero he told himself. He knew the risks. And he overrode the power to Rampage's repulsors, to her joints, and to her voicebox. He heard her outraged squeak as her armour became a prison.
 
"I'm not ready to die for a hopeless cause," he said for her ears only, even as his eyes tracked over the crowded hall. No one here would protest Cap's death; not all of them would be comfortable with it, but even if he could get a few objecting, they wouldn’t have the numbers. He could call the Avengers, maybe send an tip-off to War Machine’s private channel -But no, if they came charging in, Zemo would put a bullet in Cap’s head before anyone could do anything, and if even Tony laid him out right now, Crossbones would step up to take control, and there was no way he could fight all of them.He wished Venom were here; between Venom and Black Cat and him and Rampage, they might have been able to do something, and Venom would have insisted. He wouldn’t have stood for this. Of course, not being the kind of person who stood for this was exactly why he’d left when he had.No, they'd have to wait it out, and then - abandon the League, certainly. Maybe he could fight it. Maybe he should just fold his hand and retire the Iron Man, overnight all his secret files to SHIELD. 
 
He looked back at Zemo just in time to see him grab Captain America's cowl and rip it free, revealing - 
 
revealing - 
 Steve.
 
"Jesus Christ," he said flatly, but the armour's voice drowned in the murmur of confusion and speculation. Zemo was staring down at Cap - Steve - clearly not recognising him. 
 
New information meant a new plan, and there was no way he could watch this go down. Not a chance in hell, not even if it got him killed.
 
"That's Steven Stark," he called out, and eyes turned to him. "Stark Enterprises?"
 
"He owns Stark - " the Rhino began with a puzzled frown, and Tony cut him off.
 
"Married to the CEO. To Tony Stark." 
 
"Your suit is of Stark manufacture," Zemo turned towards him and Tony nodded, strolling forward, each step an exercise in self-control. To look casual, to not cast more than an uninterested glance at Steve. There was blood matting his hair; did he have a head injur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

