Work Text:
Someone once said that we create our own demons. Once upon a time, Tony Stark and Wanda Maximoff unwittingly joined forces and created the demon that would destroy the original Avengers. Tony Stark provided the brilliance, while Wanda Maximoff provided the magical catalyst. Some would say that the demon’s name was Zemo, or maybe Ultron. They would be wrong.  ***  FRIDAY was a masterpiece. She was brilliant and kind, loyal to a fault, intelligent, sassy, bright, persistent, and wily. She was neither JARVIS, nor a reflection of anyone else. She was herself. She was also a constantly learning, evolving being. She learned indiscriminately from everyone she interacted with.  She learned without limit. Of course, very few people actually understood that fact about FRIDAY. Her father, creator, mentor – well, he’d been the one to give her wings in the first place, so of course he understood just what she could do with them, how far she could go. The ‘Rhodester’, as she liked to call him, out of all of her Boss’s particularly creative nicknames, understood just how vast her reach really was. And Pepper, the one she had been modeled after, the one she had taken so much of her guidance from, the one she considered her mother, no one understood quite like Pepper the utter fierceness of a woman on a warpath, even one that didn’t have a corporeal body. She learned without limit, from the best to the worst and everything in between. The ones she called family already understood that, had enabled her to be like that – and soon, the recently-pardoned Rogue Avengers would understand it too.  ***  It started on movie night.  One minute, Steve Rogers was watching a movie about talking cowboys and potato-heads having all sorts of adventures, and the next, he was clinging to a train, desperately trying to grab onto Bucky’s body swinging over the snowy alps. The wind slapped him in the face as he stretched his hand just a bit further, straining at the fingertips, almost there, almost... He thought he felt the brush of Bucky’s fingers, he thought he heard the sound of screaming – or was it just the wind whistling?   “Bucky! Buck! No!” He screamed and screamed and screamed, throat raw. His cheeks felt frozen and he tasted bile. He thought he could hear Bucky’s screams mingling with his own, but it was too loud, too horrible, he was hearing too much and nothing at all... His grip on the doorframe of the train car was starting to slip, and all of a sudden, he could see with horrible clarity just what was about to happen – Bucky would fall away from him, would leave like he always did, always off dancing with another pretty dame, always off with his other friends, bigger friends, cooler friends, and then off to the army while Steve was stuck staring at 4F over and over again. The question was, would Steve throw himself out of the train, throw himself off the cliff and follow Bucky down, down, down into the depths of hell, just like he always had? Always following Bucky to those dances, even though he spent all night alone in a corner, always following Bucky around like a lost puppy, all the way to the enlistment office. All the way to Europe. Only to lose him. He had found Bucky, and now he was going to lose him again, because he wouldn’t throw himself off the cliff, not even for Bucky, he couldn’t –  The dream – vision – something – changes, mutates into something even worse, something that never happened, but feels like the most real thing Steve has ever known. Bucky’s standing right in front of him now, looking drowned and miserable with straggly hair and big eyes, like he had right after the Helicarriers had fallen, and Bucky – he looks spitting mad now, he’s spitting right at him – “Why didn’t you do more, Steve, why? Why didn’t you follow me off that train, why didn’t you save me, why didn’t you find me, why did you take so long to find me, why did you find me at all? You should have left me; at least I know HYDRA was the devil, they never cared about me – but you, you were supposed to care about me, and look, things were just the same, or even worse with you. I’m still a killer, I killed all those people in Bucharest, and I hurt your teammates, and now there’s not even HYDRA to blame. I did what you wanted me to do, you acted like my handler, you got inside my head even with no trigger words and you made me – you made me – It wasn’t me, it wasn’t me – it was you, it was your fault – why didn’t you just do better?” Bucky’s form ripples, and Peggy Carter takes his place, with a cold, cruel smile twisting her very red lips. Her eyes look like they could cut glass.  “Oh darling, you’ve never been good enough, have you? Never been enough. Never been able to do better. Did you really think I wanted you? I was leading you on, honey. Needed to keep you motivated on the mission, on the training, on whatever we needed. Did you really think I’d wait for you? Did part of you imagine it? I got married, not long after. Had wonderfu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Past Clint Barton/Laura Barton - Relationship
No Romantic Relationship(s)
we're too salty for that

freeform: 
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Salty
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
Not Natasha Romanov Friendly
not SHIELD friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
like really not
BAMF FRIDAY
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Past Clint Barton/Laura Barton - Relationship
No Romantic Relationship(s)
we're too salty for that

