Chapter 1





Chapter Text
More than anything else in the world, the one thing that Spencer refused to be was weak. It was something that had been bred in him from childhood. Weakness was not a trait he could indulge in. His father drummed it in his head from as far back as Spencer could remember—and with an eidetic memory, he could remember back further than most. William Reid had tried to toughen up the young Spencer, who had been more interested in books than sports, and who much preferred solitude to crowds. It wasn’t until he hit puberty that Spencer finally understood what it was his Dad had always seen in him and had tried to stamp out of him. Spencer Reid was something very, very rare. He was a male omega. Someone capable of bonding to an alpha, and able to carry their child. As he grew older and researched it, he would discover that there were only two other male omegas in the world. All the rest were female.By the time Spencer discovered this part of himself during puberty, he was already used to being ostracized for being different. Finding out that he was even more different than anyone else didn’t really change anything for him. To him, it was a simple matter of getting the proper medication from his doctor to suppress the omega scent—which was usually only granted for emergencies—taking care of all the necessary paperwork, and when he was older, making sure that he was at a proper facility during his heat cycles. And above all, making sure that only those who had to knew about his secret.His father’s lessons on not being weak had sunk in more than the man had realized. Spencer fought his nature with everything he had. He was not going to be some subservient breeder to an alpha. He wasn’t going to give up his life, his ambitions, to be tied to an alpha. A few bad experiences when he was off his meds experiences and encountered alphas who thought it was their right to touch, or who offered him lewd propositions, and it only cemented his insistence that he wasn’t ever going to bond. He’d been propositioned more than once when close to a heat cycle. Once, an alpha had loudly declared right out in public that, “Five minutes with me, baby, and I’ll have you bent over and knotted like the proper little bitch you are.” Alphas carried a distinctive knot at the base of their penis that, when they mated with an omega, was pushed inside and would swell, tying them together.When Spencer graduated college, he didn’t let his omega status stop him from pursuing what he wanted to do. Jason Gideon offered him a position at the Behavioral Analysis Unit and Spencer gladly accepted. The Bureau had no qualms hiring an omega. All they required were two things. One, that he took the scent suppression meds. And two, that his heat schedule be monitored. At the first signs of heat, he was granted a week of leave. His heat cycle came once every three months like clockwork so it was easy to plan around. The team he ended up on was very understanding about it all, too. They were all warned just so they could keep an eye out as needed and because two of the members were alphas. Aaron Hotchner and Derek Morgan. Those two were most definitely alphas. They were also unlike any alphas that Spencer had ever met. Though they carried that protective gene, the one that told them to look out for others and especially for omegas, neither one showed any sexual interest in him. Aaron was mated to his wife and Derek told Spencer flat out that he wasn’t interested in men.All in all, at twenty eight years old, Spencer was pretty well set. He had a good job, good friends, and he was perfectly content to continue on in his life without ever bonding to anyone.Little did he know that life had other plans.CXCXIt started with a smell.The BAU was on a case in San Diego, California, trying to find four women between the ages of twenty four and twenty eight that had gone missing in the past three weeks. Spencer and Derek were at a local coffee shop where one of the women had worked and they’d been questioning the employees and trying to get a feel for Mathilda Black’s last day. When they finished, the two ordered some coffee, not ones to pass up being in a delicious smelling coffee shop.“It seems like Mathilda matches with the rest of our victims.” Derek said as he opened the door, letting Spencer precede him outside. “She was open, friendly, a real people person.”“One of the waitresses said she was a caretaker, too. Just like the others.” The wind blew past when he stepped out and Spencer unconsciously drew in a breath. There was a hint of something…delicious in the air. Something that had Spencer standing a little straighter and drawing in another breath. What was that?He almost didn’t even notice Derek stepping up beside him. “Our Unsub definitely has a type. These victims fulfill a specific fantasy for him.”“It’s more about personality than looks, though.” Spencer said in an absent sort of way. The wind was shifting and that tantalizing scent 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Remy LeBeau/Spencer Reid

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Mating Cycles/In Heat
omega!Spencer
Alpha!Remy
Mating Bond

fandom: 
Remy LeBeau/Spencer Reid

