Work Text:


 
It's not just that he doesn't understand himself.  It's that nothing else makes a bit of sense, either.  His memories, when they come, if they come, almost never align with the world he sees in front of him.  This one is noisier, brighter -- somehow quicker.  It makes him think of the feel of a gun in his flesh hand, the burn of a punch on his knuckles.  It is only when he finds quiet places that any other memory can assert itself again, seem like it might be real.In the end he calls himself Bucky because he feels certain he needs to self-identify in some way, and although he was told his name is James, that does not fit.  Not that Bucky does, so much—more a shifting collage of emotions, sounds and places—but the man (Steve, and it's strange, strange that his mission's name is more substantial than one that might be his own) on the helicarrier had called him it with such conviction.  There was an emotion in it that Bucky doesn't have a word for, but it's positive, just warm enough and pain-free.  It is the only thing Bucky can remember wanting, ever.
He's pretty sure he does not deserve the name, in the same way he cannot deserve Steve's…concern?  Interest?  The world he's woken to is a puzzle, and the past that might have been is at best a kaleidoscope, but his purpose, the feel of blood on his skin—not his—and the smell of smoldering casings, that is clear.  He takes the name anyway.  It is clearly not the worst thing he's ever done.

*
He's seen cars driven, but never been taught to drive one.  Or, at least, he doesn't have that set of memories, and almost everything that informs his usefulness as a weapon is there, bright and shiny and cold for the taking.  All of his phones have been burner phones, for calling or texting only.  His purpose was not as a spy.  He has not been programmed for that.He can get in and out of places unnoticed, but the first time he tries sitting alone in a restaurant called McDonalds, easily identifiable by its omnipresence, large golden M, and nauseatingly intense smell of grease, he can't handle the sense of being seen, even in a corner booth with his back to the wall.  Cash is familiar in a fractured way, where he can relate it to things he was given—weapons, food, transportation, or in good moments, things he once bought himself: liquor, a nice coat, and strangely, medicine—but he has no clear sense of how to use it, to procure it and translate it into goods. He cannot remember checks or credit cards at all, can't even tell if he's ever known about them.
The heat of the oncoming summer feels good.  He's been cold.  Not like the ice, but not right, either.  Normally, if something was wrong with the asset—no, that's not…with his body—they fixed it.  Him.  Or put him in the ice.  Or—or something.  He understands that the—that his body needs care, but what kind of care or how to manage it is completely out of his reach.   
He doesn't remember fevers for the longest time.  He simply knows he's too cold for the ambient temperature, that his vision is not as clear as it should be, that the world tilts at inopportune moments. The—his body isn't fixing the gash on his side, opened up when he'd been trapped by the metal structure of the falling ship.  He has the sense that usually it takes care of things on its own, but maybe this is too big, or maybe he's doing something he's not supposed to.
The water he'd swum through had smelled wrong.  He starts to connect that with the angry red surrounding the wound, the way he goes from hot to cold without a change in location.  He doesn't remember how to fix it.  He believes the knowledge is in there.  It would be a good thing to know; how to keep himself together.  Then he wouldn't have to go back in for—oh.  
Bucky's been mindwiped a few hundred times, but he's not actually stupid.  Once he starts figuring out what skills would have made him capable of surviving apart from his handlers, the gaps in his knowledge are sometimes predictable.
He wishes he even knew where he is in the thawing process.  It's been a while since they woke him up, pulled him from the cryo chamber.  If nothing else, the time line he put together through reading trashed newspapers and the scrolling news on TVs in windows or on signs makes it probable.  
He's glad.  He hates the ice, the slow settle of it in his blood, the way his mind always takes too long to freeze.  (And why can he remember that?  What good does that do him?)
He shivers with the return of the fever and a snippet of something tries to force itself to the front of his mind.  It's…it's the man he pulled out of the water, only it isn't.  The man he pulled out of the water could eat this wisp of a person in his mind, but they look so alike.  Brothers?
The small one, the one he can see in his head if he focuses enough, he'd been sick.  There'd been fevers.  Bucky tries to follow the thread, see if it will lead him back to a spool, but all he finds are the sounds of coughing, and a laughter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Original Character(s)
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Torture
Psychological Torture
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Therapy
Comic Book Science

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

