Chapter 1: the first meeting
    




Chapter Text
Chapter 1 The first time Anthony Stark met Harry Potter, he was ten and Harry six. It was Peggy Carter’s idea, to hide the Stark heir in the most boring neighbourhood, lined with similar looking cookie-cutter houses. Everything about every house was same, including the types of car to the flowers that grew there. Tony hated it here but apparently, this was a type of witness protection for him. Here, he was Antonio Carter, son of Peggy Carter, who was a war-widow. His aunt Peggy had gotten hurt in her last mission and so this came as a chance for her to rest and recuperate while the Stark heir stayed hidden until the danger to his life was neutralized. For now. He needed some air; so he told his aunt Peggy that he was going out for a walk, just till the park and he would be back in an hour. His aunt allowed him to go after tucking away a pepper spray and strict instructions to run if he felt he was in any danger. They only lived three blocks away from the park. Harry Potter, the unwanted freak of a nephew of the very normal and respected Dursley family, thank you very much, was ordered to stay out of the house for the day and night, as they were to have very important guests and Vernon Dursley did not want his freakishness to spoil it for him. So, here he was, a six-year-old Harry Potter, all alone on a early summer evening. At least, thought the child, he got the one working swing all to himself and if he pushed the swing just enough, he would feel the wind and not feel so hot. Suddenly, his solitude was broken by an older boy. Harry hoped he would not be chased out again. There standing in front of him was a boy, only few years older than him. He had chocolate coloured eyes and his brown hair was just as unkempt as his. Both of them stared at each other for a few minutes before Harry gathered the courage to speak. “Do you want the swing or are you here for the ‘Harry Hunting’ game?”  Tony was quite surprised. He was going to just walk away when the boy in broken glasses and oversized, stained clothes talked to him. Tony Stark was a genius. He was a genius kid who built his first circuit board at four. And he was smart enough to understand what the little boy had meant by ‘Harry Hunting’. Another thing was, though he had met this kid for the first time, he felt protective of him, especially after hearing his question about ‘Harry Hunting.’ So, he did what any other intelligent kid would do. “No. I am not going to hurt you. I was going to ask if you want me to push the swing for you. I promise to be careful and I will make sure you don’t fall off.” The kid looked at him with wide green eyes, which seemed bigger due to the glasses he was wearing. Harry never had anyone to play with, neither in the neighbourhood nor in school. Dudley made sure of it. But here was a boy, who wanted to play with him and promised not to hurt him. May be he should tell him about being a freak; then he need not make a friend just to lose him to Dudley’s group later. “No. its ok. If you want, you can have the swing.” And got down to stand aside.  “Do you want to friends with me? I am new here and I don’t know anybody so, you can be my first friend.” “But,” Harry frowned, “Aunty ‘Tunia said freaks don’t have friends and since I am a freak, you can’t be my friend. You can be Dudley’s friend, since he is normal.” He said, with a decisive nod. Tony sighed. So his first impression was right. This was an abused kid.  “Kids cannot be freaks. My name is Tonio, what’s yours?” he asked, though he already knew it. “My teacher at school said my name is Harry. Though, everyone at home calls me Freak.” It was such a matter of fact statement from the kid, that Tony felt bad for him. His own parents may be dismissive of him, many times even forgetting he even existed, but he did have Anna and Jarvis. They always made sure he knew that he was loved and appreciated. And Tony thought this kid was downplaying his intelligence. He had quite sharp eyes. “Why do you think your name was Freak?” it was quite surprising when Harry accepted being called a freak. Harry hesitated. What if word got to his aunt and he was punished even more? But there was a chance he would not, since this kid was new and didn’t know the Dursleys. So, he decided to risk it. And anyways, something inside of him strongly felt that this kid would not hurt him. “Sometimes, when I am angry or sad, things happen around me. This one time, Dudley and his friends were chasing me, I would end up on the roof or a completely different part of the park. Another time, my aunt tried to make me wear a really horrendous sweater, but it kept shrinking till it became so small that it would have fit a doll, but not me.” When Harry looked at Tony, there was a subtle challenge and a bit fear in his eyes. “So, what. May you can do that. Did you know, I built my first circuit board when I was four? People generally can’t do it till they are older. And I c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Petunia Evans Dursley/Vernon Dursley
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Petunia Evans Dursley/Vernon Dursley
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

