Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony walked into the bedroom holding a tray and placed it on the side table. He smiled, reaching down to nuzzle his husband's ear and whispered "Tell me you don't have to work today" Steve who had been listening through his content semi-slumber turned to face Tony and hummed, batting his eyelashes couple of times. He sat up and his eyes fell on overloaded tray "Is someone coming for breakfast?" Tony shook his head "Just the two of us" he picked the tray and sat down opposite to Steve placing their breakfast on his lap "You barely ate last night so I made extra. It's your favorite grilled cheese sandwich" Steve smiled leaning forward and gave a small kiss to his husband before jogging his way towards washroom "I'll be right back" "For the record, I like your morning breath" "I don't!" came back a reply and Tony rolled his eyes. He saw Steve coming back and asked "Do you have shift today?" Steve got comfortable on the bed and picked up the sandwich "Yeah I do actually. Matteson is on leave so I gotta take his shift too" "Oh...okay" Tony didn't want to show his disappointment but it still reflected through his eyes. Steve sighed feeling guilty "I'm sorry. Me being a cop is taking a lot of time between us isn't it?""Nah it's okay" Tony smiled assuringly "We have all the time in the wor..." "I quit" Tony stared at Steve "What?" "My job. I'm quitting Tony" Steve took the mug from the tray and sipped his coffee "Hmm...just what I needed" Tony frowned "You want to quit from police force? You? Are you serious?" his voice was all squeaky and loud but he didnt careSteve pursed his lips, blewing his coffee before looking at his husband "Wow Tony you're taking this harder than I am" "But you love your job. It's just not what you do, it's who you are" Tony still couldn't believe Steve was going to quit being a cop for almost fifteen years nowSteve sighed "That's the problem you know" he lowered his eyes "I need to know where the badge ends and I begin""But Steve..." "And if I'm not wrong, it's the main reason why we are not labelled as parents" Steve's voice went heavy. It had been almost fouteen years to their marriage and many times they wanted to adopt a child, maybe even two but due to Steve's heavy police schedule and shifts, they weren't sure they would be able to give enough time and love to their kid which wouldn't be fair to him or herTony reached out to intertwine their fingers "You know I never blamed you right. I told you many times, I can take care of a child myself" "And then what Tony?" Steve questioned blinking back his tears "Our kid would eventually notice, I'm not there for him or her and there will be an invisible wall between us...I'll miss all their growing years or..." "Hey sshhh..." Tony hushed the man softly "You're thinking too much. Let's not go there okay. How about we start our day like we always do" Steve made a face "I'm not in mood for sex" Tony laughed and kissed at the side of Steve's head "I was actually talking about getting ready for work. You go to station and I'll go teach my little devils at college" he leaned to whisper huskily "but I don't mind implementing your suggestion too" Steve blushed shaking his head "Shut up! Let's get ready" LATER "I hate New York traffic. Told you I was going to get late" Steve rolled his eyes "It's not my fault if someone was in mood for morning sex" "In my defense it was your idea in the first place" Tony argued back, glancing at his watch "God I'm so late. My students will be..." "...be glad they are free from your boring lectures" Tony scoffed "They are my students Steve. They love my lectures" "Ofcourse who doesn't love three hours of torture on Science" "Will you speed up" "Tony I'm a cop. I cannot break law" Steve tilted his head to look at Tony "You know I could get into troubl...."Loud thudSteve slammed into the breaks "Shit!" "What the hell!?" Tony jerked forward catching himself with his hand on dashboard before his face could get smashed into it "Steve what was that?" Steve peaked up from the windshield "I think I... oh God I think I hit someone" he quickly unbuckled and jumped from his vehicle soon followed by Tony Steve's eyes went wide when he saw a young boy sprawled between his car and the road with his eyes closed and a line of blood oozing from his head "Oh God. What did I do? He just came out of nowhere" he knelt down next to the boy and slowly turned him on his back "This looks bad" "We need to get him to hospital" Tony's own heart was hammering in his chest. The boy didn't look more than fifteen or sixteen years old "C'mon get the car started. I'll bring him in" he placed his one hand under the boy's back and other went to support him from the knees. He scooped up the boy frowning at weight. Boys at his age should weigh more right. Steve rushed towards nearest hospital when Tony settled with the boy on the backseat. He hoped the boy's parents would forgive him for hurting their child, even if it was an a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Sassy Peter
Orphan Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter is a Little Shit
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Steve Rogers Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Adoption
Relationship Problems
Developing Relationship
Father-Son Relationship
Peter Parker is a Mess
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Nightmares
Past Sexual Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

