Work Text:
Steve woke up with an armful of Tony, which was the best way to wake up.He drifted for a moment, enjoying the lazy feeling of not having anywhere to be or any reason to get up. He tended to be an early riser, which often conflicted with his lover's complete and utter lack of regular sleeping habits – it wasn't unusual for Tony to stagger in to bed right as Steve was getting up for the day. But he couldn't convince himself to leave their bed and go jogging when he could feel Tony's breath, warm and soft against his throat, when he could feel Tony's heartbeat next to the coolness of the arc reactor pressed against his chest. Steve felt his cock stir and harden with every breath Tony took and he brushed a kiss against Tony's forehead, content to wait and let him sleep a little longer.They didn't have nearly enough mornings like this.Tony sighed and stirred and Steve pulled him a little closer. Tony was half-hard against him and that heat was only making Steve ache more. He bit back a groan when Tony stretched, and calloused fingers brushed against him beneath the sheet, curled gently around the length of him.Tony blinked up at him, eyes hooded, still half asleep. "Morning."Steve kissed those lips, loved the feel of Tony's goatee against his skin. "Morning," he replied, letting one hand skim down that muscled chest, over the arc reactor, lower, brushing his fingers against the crease between his thigh and groin. He watched Tony swallow, felt his heartbeat speed up. "God, I want you."Tony licked his lips and his hand cupped Steve's hip. "I have a question.""Ask me.""If you're in front of me, who the hell is behind me?"Steve reacted without thinking. He wrapped his arm around Tony and pulled his lover against his chest, turning until Tony was underneath him and Steve was on his knees, free arm coming up to block an attack. There was another body in the bed – how the hell he'd missed that, how the hell they'd even gotten in the room-Peter Parker was curled up on the edge of the bed, wearing the pants of the Spider-Man uniform and nothing else. Steve stared at him for a moment, trying to make some kind of sense of the situation."How did he even get in here without waking us?" Tony wondered from where he lay pinned beneath Steve. Then, "I just felt you up while Peter was in the bed with us. I feel like a dirty old man."Peter woke with a start, possibly in reaction to his name. He propped himself up on one elbow, blinked at them with a decidedly confused look on his face and groaned. "Oh, geez. Get a room, guys." He flopped back down on the bed, face buried in Tony's pillow.Steve looked down, realizing that he was straddling Tony's waist while both of them were completely naked, the sheets having been knocked away during his efforts to separate Tony from the intruder, and came to the mortifying conclusion that he was never going to be able to look Peter in the eyes again.Tony reached over and slapped Peter on the shoulder. "We did get a room. Where did you come from?"Peter raised his head and stared at them groggily for a couple of seconds while Steve hastily yanked the sheets up to cover himself. "What? Where are-" His eyes flew open and he jerked backwards hard enough to knock himself right off the bed. "Oh, my God.""How much did you drink last night?" Steve asked pointedly."Not enough," Peter said, staggering to his feet. "Oh, my God. How long have I been here?""No idea," Tony said cheerfully, sliding his hands up and down Steve's thighs beneath the sheets. "Steve wore me out pretty thoroughly, I didn't even hear you come in.""Tony," Steve and Peter said in identical tones of embarrassment."It's barely six in the morning," Tony said. "Go find your own bed. See if anyone interesting is in it. I have plans for this one and you're going to cramp Steve's style."Peter clapped a hand over his eyes as he backed toward the door. "No details. I am begging you. I'm just gonna – I'll be – what's it gonna cost me to make sure no one hears about this?""Your firstborn," Tony said. He had obviously gotten over his surprise at seeing Peter and one hand was working its way closer to Steve's cock with every caress. It was incredibly distracting, but to make him stop Steve would have to let go of the sheets and he wasn't sure he was willing to do that. "And your word that you're going straight to bed to sleep it off.""Done and done," Peter said. He slipped out the door, then stuck his head back in. "I'm really sorry!" he blurted out, then disappeared, the door slamming behind him.Tony was laughing as he wrapped his arms around Steve. "I wonder how many of our other teammates woke up in interesting places this morning?"Steve lowered his head for a kiss as he shifted his hips so he and Tony were pressed up against each other, heat against heat. "I don't want to talk about our teammates," he said, and he swallowed the sounds Tony made as he began to move.Excerpt from Peter Parker's audio recordings, extraneous material:Peter:
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

freeform: 
Engagement
Fluff
Humor
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

