Work Text:
 
Looking back, Tony realized he should have known -- should have been on guard from the second their new alpha suggested a weekend retreat as a pack. Tony had rolled his eyes, but the other betas clearly thought it was a good idea, and in the spirit of... packness, he could play nice. 
"I have a place up in the Hamptons," Tony had said. "It's rustic, remote, plenty of room for trust-falls."
Steve had looked at him, his blue eyes bright with what Tony had assumed was new pack power, and smiled. "Sounds great."
Of course, because Tony worked for a living, and while Pepper was not his alpha, she basically commanded him like one, Tony got stuck in a surprise business meeting Friday night, and couldn't make it up to the Hampton house to join the team until Saturday afternoon.
He'd considered driving up in the old Jag Roadster, but there was nothing like taking the suit. He was a little surprised to see the rest of the pack waiting for him on the sprawling front lawn when he landed -- doubly so, when Natasha of all people greeted him with a hug as soon as he stepped out of the suit.
 "Little touchy-feely, Widow," he said, stiffening in surprise and awkwardly patting her back. But it wasn't as if Natasha was unpleasant, or she was in danger of crushing him ala Thor (though he wouldn't rule out a knife in the kidney). Maybe she felt safe with him, seeing she was at the top of the beta hierarchy and he near the bottom.
She stepped back, and it was Steve who stepped forward next. "Glad you could finally make it, Iron Man," he said. His smile was warm and inviting -- and it wasn't as if that were a bad thing, but it left Tony feeling unbalanced.
"Wouldn't miss it," he said shortly, taking off his sunglasses and resisting the urge to fiddle. There was something he couldn't quite identify thrumming in the pack bonds. He looked around the rest of the team, searching for a clue. "So. How are we doing this? Ice-breaker? That's not a joke on you, Cap. I've been through enough corporate retreats to know how these things work."
Steve's hand fell, warm, on Tony's shoulder as the alpha led him up the stairs of his own house and into the living room.  "Assigning duties."
The couches and furniture had been cleared back to the edges -- had they been sparring? There was an entire gym in the basement for sparring.
"Dibs on team mechanic," Tony joked. No one laughed, and the hairs on the back of his neck rose. Stopping, he shrugged away Steve's hand and turned to the rest of the pack. "Okay, what's with the weirdness?"
There were several glances exchanged between the betas. Bruce, bless him, was the one who spoke. "We've had a... discussion," he said softly. "The Avengers are a new pack. We feel, and I agree, that we need an omega as well as an alpha to lead."
Tony wasn't a genius for nothing. He put two and two together, and the noise he made was somewhere between a disbelieving snort and a chuckle. He looked at Steve. "You mean me. This is your first real alpha decision, Cap? Not impressed."
Steve frowned, but it was Thor who spoke, "Indeed, Man of Iron, this was discussed at length within the pack, and it was unanimous that the honor be yours."
Tony turned to him. "Um, no. There couldn't be an unanimous pack decision because I'm part of the pack -- ergo, not a full vote, big guy."
"There is no pack yet," Steve said. "Or ours is nothing to sneeze at. That's why we need an omega."
"Plenty of packs get along just fine without omegas--"
"Not large ones. Not war packs," Natasha said. "Steve's right. We've been through two battles without any real pack cohesion. We've all been separate for too long -- an alpha alone isn't enough to bring us together."
"Sounds like we need a stronger alpha." Tony threw a fake 'for the press' smile at Steve. "No offense."
Steve, irritatingly, didn't look rattled. He crossed his arms over his chest, radiating calm patience, as if he could wear Tony down.
Too bad for him, Tony had cut his teeth arguing with Obie, who'd been alpha of the Stark Industries Board pack -- granted that had been a loose pack, without need of an omega, and "alpha" had been mostly a ceremonial title.  
In fact, all the packs Tony had ever been part of had been small -- roommates in his MIT dorms, circle of friends, and Stark Industry boardrooms -- had not truly required an alpha to lead. Certainly never an omega to help balance the pack out.
Tony opened his mouth, a barb ready, then stopped and glanced around. The rest of the betas were arranged in a circle, closing rank around him and Steve.
Oh no.
Tony took a step back and nearly knocked into Bruce. "You know what? It's been fun, and I appreciate the offer to be the team's fuck toy, but the answer is no." Tony glanced at his wrist to call JARVIS and the suit -- he'd just fly out of this the way he came. Steve's hold over the pack wasn't yet strong enough to override him from outright leaving.
His wrist was empty.
"Looking for this?" Natasha held up a hand, and Tony's lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Voyeurism
Dubious Consent
Extremely Dubious Consent
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Verse

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

