Work Text:
Charles had done some wedding planning consultations in some strange places -- in a hospital, at a chef’s table in the middle of evening service, in an FBI interview room -- so outside the Sackler Wing in the Metropolitan Museum of Art wasn’t completely ludicrous.  In fact, he was maybe a little charmed that his latest client wanted to meet him in a public place, instead of throwing all his wealth at Charles in an ostentatious display, like so many of his peers did.Still, there was no mistaking the elegant figures of Sebastian Shaw and his fiancée, Emma Frost, standing apart from the tourists and the security guards and the people who visited the Met on their lunch hour.  Charles was belatedly glad that Raven had refused to let him go out the door in his customary tweed jacket with elbow patches.“Mr. Shaw, Ms. Frost,” Charles said, stretching out his hand.  “Charles Xavier.  How do you do?”“Mr. Xavier, I’ve heard so much about you,” Shaw said, shaking his hand firmly.Charles smiled politely, and offered his hand to Frost as well, who shook his hand briefly and with some delicacy.  “And of course I’ve heard of you.  May I congratulate you on the completion of MacTaggert Wing?”  The MacTaggert Wing was a terrible Brutalist monstrosity grafted onto the Sinclair Gallery, but it didn’t seem the time to air his architectural opinions.“All due to my lead architect, I assure you,” Shaw said.  His tone was warm, but there was something about him that Charles found unsettling.  “Let’s get down to business, shall we?  You have quite a reputation for knowing just what a bride wants.”Charles smiled in Emma’s direction.  “We do our best,” he said.  She gave him a polite smile, something artificial but pretty enough, but when she looked at Shaw out of the corner of her eye, it transmuted into something a little more real, more graceless and giddy and true.“Well, perhaps we ought to start with the big picture -- how many guests were you thinking?”  Charles asked, following Shaw and Emma into the closed-off Sackler Wing.“Seven hundred,” Shaw said promptly.Charles did not raise his eyebrows, but settled for saying, “That’s going to be challenging in terms of event space, but I’m sure we can make something work.”“Could you do it in this space?” Shaw asked.Charles looked around the gallery housing the Temple of Dendur, trying to do some mental calculations even with half the room obscured in white plastic and scaffolding.  “In a room this size?  Certainly.  But I must be honest with you, Mr. Shaw, space like this is going to be hard to come by on such relatively short notice, and will almost certainly delay your desired wedding date.”“You misunderstand,” Shaw said, smiling in his unsettling way again.  “We don’t want to get married in a place like this.  We actually want to get married here.”Charles opened his mouth for a moment, and then shut it.  “Mr. Shaw, please understand that I want to make this day everything the both of you want, but there are some limits.”“Oh, if it’s access you’re worried about, it’s not a problem,” Shaw said breezily.  “My firm is renovating this wing.  I’m certain it can be made available for our use before the re-opening.”“Oh, wonderful,” Charles said, hoping his smile adequately concealed his anxiety.***“Seven hundred guests.  In the Metropolitan Museum of Art.  In a wing that is the process of being renovated, so who knows when it will actually be ready.  You may as well just set me on fire now and get it over with,” Charles moaned to Raven.She put a cup of coffee down in front of him, and he took a sip.  It was terrible -- Raven’s coffee was always terrible -- but he couldn’t really face life without more caffeine and so he drank it anyway.“It’s our big break,” Raven said.  “We’ve done pretty well until now, but this is going to open so many doors for us, Charles.”Charles put his head down in his arms.  “I just want to make people happy,” he said.“If it doesn’t work out, you can always go back to living off your trust fund and sleeping with Tony Stark.”“Ugh,” Charles said.  “I thought you forbade me to sleep with him.”“I did, and for your own good,” Raven said.  “So don’t screw this up.”“Ugh,” Charles said, and drank his coffee in misery.***Shaw secured some kind of terrifying pass for him to get into the Sackler Wing whenever Charles wanted, even though it was closed to the public and security made terrible faces at Charles when he first showed the card to them.  Inside, the scaffolding had seemingly bred like rabbits -- what were they even doing -- and there were people in hard hats who didn’t seem to be working so much as pointing at things vigorously and talking a lot.“You can’t be in here,” someone said behind Charles, voice authoritative and sharp with German consonants.Charles clutched his pass in his hand, and turned around to explain himself, and then utterly failed to do so, because the man behind him had stern eyes and sterner cheekbones, and wore his perfectly tailored sui
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
wedding planner
architect

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

