Chapter 1: The Words of Doom
    


Notes:
Collection: 'Tumblr Is a Terrible Influence on Me'Warnings: lots of swearing, literally one mention of a possible daddy kink, double entendre

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Your eyes felt like on fire, burning hotter than the sun above Sahara Desert; the metaphor your sleep-deprived mind came up with was only perfected by the huge dunes of the bags under your eyes.You were running on disgustingly strong coffee and three energy drinks, but you summoned the rest of your strength and clicked on ‘send’, slumping so heavily into your chair that when your back hit the backrest, it almost toppled over—but never mind, you made it!Penny, your gracious roommate, would inform you that had you started earlier and were writing the actual essay instead of wasting words on steamy stories that somehow filled the desired wordcount with considerably less effort, you wouldn’t have been turning into a zombie sending assignments several minutes before eight a.m., the actual deadline.Yeah, well, sue me, I prefer romance to the World War II., no matter how important history is.You were certain Professor Barnes would understand if you told him that anyway – he was a pretty easy-going guy for a scholar after all. Then again, you sure as hell didn’t want to test the theory out and so you tended to hand in your homework perhaps ‘minute to midnight’, but still in time.You grinned as you checked the sent e-mail, proudly reading it had been sent at 7:56. You mentally patted your back, not having the energy to actually move to do that.And then your Sahara-dry eyeballs fell lower on the screen and you let out a shriek of horror.Your heart stopped in your chest before kicking in faster than it had been pumping after three Red Bulls.The attachment.Oh no.OH FUCK, the attachment!Now, it happened on occasion that people forgot to attach the files they spoke of in an e-mail, right? Sometimes shit like that happened.But this… this was so, so much worse.“Oh no,” you uttered under your breath, shooting up and suddenly sitting with back straight as a ruler just to look at the screen from shorter distance to-- nope, still there. “Oh fuck.”You quickly scrambled to send another e-mail with similar text but the right file, along with a swift apology.
Sent 7:59.
You should be relieved. Perhaps Professor Barnes would notice the correct one first and automatically deleted the one that obviously must have been wrong.So why couldn’t you find it in you to think you would have such luck?At least if he opened the wrong document, he would understand very quickly that it was not what he had asked the students to do and would delete it before diving in fully, right?But a worm of doubt – or intuition, whatever you wanted to call it – told you that it wouldn’t be the case.You covered your mouth with your palms and screamed at the top of your lungs.Penny, sleep-deprived considerably less than you because she was an actual responsible human being, walked from her room to the bathroom and blatantly ignored you, probably thinking you had missed the deadline by a minute and were now freaking out.Oh, you wished.“Pennyyyyyyyyy!” you cried out in a whiny tone, but she clicked the door shut as if nothing was happening. As if your whole life wasn’t in shambles because of one single e-mail. “Penelope, you get your ass back here! I need to know how to switch schools without having to repeat a year!”Her wild black curls peeked from the bathroom, followed by an annoyed sleep-raspy voice. “Why? You accidently called Barnes a daddy in your message or somethin’?”Your heart was still beating its way out of your chest, a low ominous hum in your ears. Gods above, you wished. Still would be easier to explain, like… you could claim it was a dare or something.No, this was much, much worse.Penny, apparently taken aback by the lack of your response, left the safety of the bathroom and approached your lair (probably stinking of sugary drinks and caffeine) and peeked over your shoulder, searching an explanation for your antics.You only gulped, moved the cursor to the title of the document you had sent in your first e-mail and closed your eyes, actually feeling tears of humiliation stinging in them.The silence that followed spoke volumes until-“OH SHIT.”You had just shared your smutty one-shot with your history professor, but that wasn’t even the worst part. The worst part was that it was starring his rumoured one and only best friend he shared an office with. One who had acted like a substitute for two weeks when Professor Barnes got a particularly bad case of cold, but wouldn’t leave you without a lecture. Needless to say, Professor Rogers had also starred several of your steamy dreams after that and became a source of inspiration for your occasional writing streaks.And now your history professor could read all about it and, god forbid, share it with the man who was the template of the main c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - College/University
Fluff and Smut
Fluff and Humor
idiots to lovers
Strangers to Lovers
POV Alternating
Mutual Pining
Smut
Potential Age Gap
Age Not Specified
Light Dom/sub
Masturbation
Oral Sex
Cock Warming
Sex
I can't believe I'm using these tags
imaginary smut
It Doesn't Happen But It Kinda Happens
You'll understand soon enough
How Do I Tag
Reader-Insert
Rating Changed
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Everyone Needs A Hug
everyone ships it
Well almost everyone
oneshots added
Every now and then
additional chapters
holiday theme in on of them

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader

