Work Text:



Asgard. Deep under the bowels of the palace of Asgard, in the brightly lit dungeons the guards made their rounds, peering in and checking on the inhabitants of each cell. As they walked passed the cell of the former second prince of Asgard the two men barely gave him a glance, the prince had not moved from his bed since a few days after he had first been put there. The only time the disgraced royal moved was when it was meal times or he had to go to the washroom. After a few months of shouting, leering, insulting, and every other thing they could do without attracting too much attention, the guards decided to leave the brooding man alone to his sitting. Even Thor had not been able to get anything out of him on the rare occasions that he decided to visit. There were many a rumour as to why the god did not move or speak. Some thought it was because of the way the cel was built, restricting his magic and thus restricting his very being, others claimed it was a spell placed upon the prince as part of his punishment. The most popular theory was that the prince had simply broken, after loosing his identity, his family and his sanity, the ex-prince’s mind could take it no more. That was not the last, nor the most far fetched theory by far, and yet with all the imagination of the realm, not one of them had come close to the truth. The truth was hiding behind the glamour of the inanimate prince, hiding in a bundle of blankets and hugged closely to the chest of its mother. The babe, only a few weeks old, had no knowledge of it’s whereabouts, only knowing that the person who was currently rocking gently back and forth in an attempt to calm him enough for sleep was the most important person in his world. Loki sang a quiet lullaby, cradling his child, his beautiful baby boy, wishing that it could stay this way. That he could keep his son and raise him as his own. But that would be a cruel fate for the child, a life in a cell was no life at all. The child’s father was an unknown. If Loki’s calculations were correct, he had been conceived shortly before Thor’s coronation (back when Loki had not know he was Jötunn and therefore had not know he was even able to conceive a child). It had been in the middle of the void, when he was falling through nothing and everything simultaneously that he had realised his pregnancy. At that time he had not known if he would survive and so the idea of him having a child was impossible. It was unfortunate for him then, that he stopped falling. When the Chitauri found him, Loki had known it was not going to be all fun and games. With his mind half gone and his strength pushed to his very limits, Loki managed a small protection and cloaking spell that kept his child safe and hidden.  After the pain and torment, the godling was presented with an offer; the throne of Midgard in exchange for the Tesseract. It was a fools errand and a trap, the idea that Thanos would let him keep the land of the mortals and be their king was laughable. The plan that they had thought would lead to success over the mortals' planet was even more so. Using his skills in persuasion, Loki was able to convince the small minded aliens that, should he be put in charge of the planning and organisation the plan would be a success. For Loki, it was. He was able to escape the Chitauri while at the same time depleting their forces and ensuring that they would have a hard time finding and following him to exact their revenge. The most important for Loki, however had been to protect his child. Ever since Thanos had presented him with his offer, Loki could think of one thing and one thing only; this escape could offer him the freedom to run away and have his child, start afresh and build a new life with a new family. He would not have to be ashamed of who he was because it was his very biology that was allowing him to have this new start. He would not have to worry about being second best and living in anyone’s shadow, because to his child, he would be the only one.This dream, this fantasy had been what had kept Loki going, kept him moving and fighting for his life instead of giving up as he had done on the Bi-frost. The only hitch in the plan as that he had not anticipated the Hulk to have ‘smashed’ him quite so thoroughly. With his protection spell still in place,  the little one did not suffer from the unrelenting blows of being thrown around as a rag doll. However this resulted in Loki’s capture and his current state of being in the Asgardian dungeons, concealed in a glamour so as to hide the fact that he had given birth and was currently nursing his child. Ever the one to think ahead and be able to improvise, Loki had an airtight plan to ensure that his dream would not be taken from him. Still having some friends left in the realms, Loki had been able to use his dream walking skills to find his friend Elora on Alfhiem, arranging a time and place with her to take the babe and care for him until the time should co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Magic
Science
Family
Loss
Friendship
Falling In Love
Slow Build
FrostIron Big Bang
Mpreg
Internalised Racism

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

