Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The sun hung bright and low in the sky, glaring in his eyes as he squinted at the horizon, dotted with jagged, rocky mountains. The heat was incredible out here, pushing down like a physical force, as if he was closer to it somehow. Time for the show to start, he thought dully.  He turned with a flourish, facing his generals and soldiers as they dotted the landscape behind him.  He had arranged for this little demonstration in one of the most remote spots in the kingdom, all the better to go unnoticed by Pierce’s forces.  Out here, in the barren, dry lands, with just a handful of his most loyal commanders, he could finally show them what he had cooked up in his workshop.  While it probably wouldn’t be enough to end the conflict once and for all, it would certainly go a long way towards putting Pierce’s forces on their heels.  Not to mention make the city virtually impenetrable. “Is it better to be feared or respected,” he asked rhetorically as everyone wisely stayed silent. “I say, is it too much to ask for both? With that in mind, I present what I like to think of as the crown jewel.  Certainly cost that much,” he huffed out as General Ross stared on placidly.  He knew Ross thought he was a bloviating weakling, a pale husk living in his father’s ever-diminishing shadow, but he thought Ross was an arrogant asshole, and he wore the crown, so he was pretty certain he was going to win that argument.  “They say the best weapon is one you never have to use.  I respectfully disagree.  I prefer the weapon you only have to use once.  That’s how my father did it. That’s how the Starks have always done it.  And it’s worked out pretty well so far,” he offered, as the soldiers blinked back at him.  Eh, speeches weren’t really his thing, but they were expected, after all.  “Find a reason to use one of these, and I guarantee you, the bad guys won’t even want to come out of their tents.” With that, he raised his arms wide in signal. A moment later, the soldiers released the trebuchets, their baskets filled with earthenware projectiles chocked full of that wonderful mixture of saltpeter, sulfur and charcoal, all brilliantly aglow as they sailed across the hard desert sand.  Smaller clay cylinders mounted on stands and propelled by slow-burning wicks soon joined the carnage, spraying rocks and sand, digging huge holes into formerly sturdy and seemingly impenetrable mountainsides.  His new designs for the trebuchets and catapults were far more accurate and offered greater distance.He couldn’t decide if the huge explosion was more fun or if he preferred Ross’s startled, high-pitched yelp as he peddled backwards and fell down rather spectacularly on his ass as one of the shells exploded rather near him.  Completely by accident, of course.  Once the clamor died down, he walked over to the covered tent where an attendant handed him a drink.  Thank the nonexistent, but still useful, gods. “To peace,” he said, lifting the cup to his lips and sipping the chilled wine. “Jarvis, send a runner with a message to Obie, and let him know the test was the success that I assured him it would be.”“Of course, Your Grace. Will there be anything else?”  Jarvis asked.“Just ready to get back home,” Tony replied, shucking his velvet doublet, embroidered in lines of Stark red and gold, off as he sat on the cushioned seat. He spared a glance at the handful of commanders who were cautiously examining the nearby cache of grenades and smirked, pleased with the day’s exhibition.   “I’ll throw in a casket of wine with all the shipments,” Tony offered to the obvious delight of the soldiers.  A little largesse with the men went a long way, he supposed.  He knew well enough that one of the problems Ross and others laid at his feet were the issues with the troops, too few of whom had answered the call when the banners were raised, too many of whom had shown up wearing Pierce’s own shield sigil and hoisting his flags across the battlefield.  He wisely left the inspiring speeches to Obie, far preferring his workshop with its chemical compounds, forge and tools.  Ross could hardly argue with the results of his efforts, though, considering the ruins still smoking outside. “I shall have the carriages prepared for departure, Your Grace,” Jarvis said with a bow as he left the tent.“That was impressive,” Rhodey said as he knelt, rather half-heartedly, Tony thought.“Of course it was. After all, I did it,” Tony said with a fond smile.  Rhodey managed to be one of his few commanders to actually seem to genuinely like him, rather than fighting for the Crown itself.  “To be fair, Ross and his sycophantic bunch would act impressed if I stood out there and took a shit.  Now get up. I hate it when you do that.”Rhodey rose to his feet and returned Tony’s grin. “True, they’d probably clap politely,” Rhodey agreed, earning a grin from Tony.  “But still, quite the demonstration.  
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Fantasy
Historical Inaccuracy
Lots of Historical Inaccuracy--See that Fantasy Tag?
As always Hammer is a douche
Slow Build
Identity Porn
Kinda Identity Porn anyway
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Angst
Steve Rogers Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Virgin Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Slooooooooooooow Build
Plotty
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Historical Romance
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Tony Stark
Jealous Tony Stark
some Non-Con elements
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
Loyalty
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Royalty
King Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Medieval
Fanart
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Lovers
Virgin Steve
Medieval Medicine
Minor Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Minor Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Whipping
Miscommunication
so much miscommunication
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

