Work Text:
The Alphas are mindless brutes to their cravings. The Omegas control their own biology. The Betas bend down to them both.-The Red Room creates something the Americans can never even emulate. The Americans have their Alpha Captain America, but the Soviet Union has their Omega Black Widow.Natalia Romanova is the first perfect specimen of an Omega. One who can control her Heat, her scent, her pheromones to her own advantage.

Her loyalty lies with the Red Room. She makes them feel invincible. Until the USSR crumbles within itself and the Black Widow serves no one but herself.-It’s only a matter of time when SHIELD catches up to her; she expects a bullet to the brain, not an arrow to the thigh.Clint Barton aka Hawkeye is not the first SHIELD agent tasked to kill her. But he is the first to try and recruit her. Maybe that’s why the Black Widow doesn’t release her pheromones to render him into a writhing heap of brainless animal.That doesn’t mean Natasha spares the other agents coming into her interrogation room to intimidate her.Betas. Pathetic.She has them kneeling in front of her in less than 5 seconds; her pheromones rendering their brains to the most basic level of functions. At least two of them were proficient with their mouths. It’s a shame SHIELD gets wise after five agents and drags the sniveling messes they call professionals out wearing gas masks.They find out just how powerful the Black Widow is. The next agent wearing a gas mask submits to her in three minutes.Not even an Omega is immune to her.What comes next surprises her. They send in an Alpha. Not just any Alpha either, Deputy Director Maria Hill.Natasha blinks.SHIELD just gives her the most vulnerable and powerful person they have. To what? Impress her?Natasha grins, this will be fun. Especially with how Maria has her arms crossed, her expression stoic. Natasha will enjoy having that face in between her thighs in complete submission. She rolls her neck, not bothering to hide her naked body.Except Maria continues to stare at her face, even after Natasha releases her scent. She tries again, upping her pheromones that should send even an Omega crawling to her.“Suppressants?” Natasha asks after 10 minutes of silence. She’s sweating from the exertion, her body at the tipping point into Heat.Maria hasn’t even flinched. “Are you ready to speak with us Widow?”“How did SHIELD create suppressants for Alphas?”Maria clenches her jaw, taking an extra second to consider the question. “They didn’t.”“Who did?”“I’m not on suppressants.”Natasha stares, taking her in. There’s no tells on this woman, no indication she’s speaking anything but the truth. That can’t be possible. “Okay.”The Black Widow will find out, sooner or later, what secret SHIELD has to create someone like Maria Hill.In the meantime, Natasha’s in Heat by her own doing, and there’s a woman she’s more than interested in having between her legs. She leans back, jutting her chest out and smiling seductively.“Well?” Natasha asks, spreading her knees. “Are you here to recruit me?”Maria’s eyes never stray from Natasha’s head. “Are you in Heat Widow?”“You’re an Alpha, you tell me.”“Maybe you shouldn’t have tried so hard to draw me in,” Maria parries. “We’ll speak after.”Natasha licks her lips; Maria would be too hoarse to speak with her after. Apparently, Maria has the ability to shock Natasha more than once a day. Maria opens the door to their room and an agent stumbles into the room. Blonde. Cute. Beta.“Try not to break her,” Maria says over her shoulder as she goes out. The door locks with several beeps.Natasha stares at the closed door, but her attention goes to the whimpering Beta. The Beta is already shivering, sweat beads running down the sides of her face. Natasha tilts her head. She’ll do, for now.-SHIELD resources are entirely lacking any useful data on Maria Hill. Even the un-redacted files contain little to no information about Maria’s biology. Just the bare minimum. Natasha suspects Maria using her position to scrub key points of her file.No matter, the Black Widow isn’t only skilled at computer hacking, her strength lies in infiltration, and with that comes extracting information without the target knowing they’ve been interrogated. She makes connections with agents across the Triskelion and the Helicarrier down to the guards and janitors who know more about national security than anyone ever should. It’s a vital security leak. She doesn’t mention it to Fury.Not even her advanced tactics are working. Maria Hill is a challenge, one she hasn’t had the pleasure of figuring out in a long time.The rumors are ridiculous.-          Hill is bonded with Fury, an Alpha.Natasha can smell bonds, they are not bonded.-          Hill is already bond mates with someoneRefer to previous analysis, she is not bonded with anyone.-          Hill’s killed her bond mate.That’s ludicrous; Maria has never had a bond mate.-          Hill’s sterilized.Maria wouldn’t be emitting a scent if she had been and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Sexual Content
Oral Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

