Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:
This started as a simple roleplay and soon spiraled out of control to the point that we actually wanted to share it with some folks, and managed to exceed the maximum number of characters allowed in a google document. The segmented style indicates the back and forth change in authors, with Lena writing Steve's POV and mostfacinorous writing Loki's. The title is inspired by the song by Of Monsters and Men.




Chapter Text

 Little Talks 
 
A Steve & Loki Roleplay
   The rush of stepping between worlds never got old, and the adrenaline that came along with it powered Loki through any nerves that might otherwise have manifested on his way into the lower branches of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s headquarters.He wasn’t entirely sure where he was going, the place only ever glimpsed through the eyes of others and accessible to him only through memories of memories. But it seemed to him that the more secret, the deeper these mortals were likely to bury it.And so he made his way, as silently and innocuously as possibly, further down the spiraling labyrinth of heavy doors and sidestepped scanners.Until he got stuck.
It was one thing to keep out of the way of trundling trolleys laden with who knew what, to follow people through doors opened for them, but where he intended to go there was no reason for casual access to be granted. He could hardly disguise himself as a maid, as he had in times past, in the halls of Odin. 

He thought quickly and passed behind a stack of technological equipment, which he expected would hide him from view while he turned himself from the bland human he’d been into the Captain he’d encountered during his erstwhile invasion. They seemed to listen to him. Surely he would have the power to access what Loki was after. 

He moved up to the door and pressed his eye to the scanner, unaware that blue eyes was not a specific enough illusion to fool their security, and that even now, warnings were sounding.
  
“Rogers, you’re gonna wanna come see this...”

Steve looked up from the mission summary he’d been leafing through to see that a red light was flashing in the corridor, indicating something was wrong. Across the table from him, Maria Hill was scowling at her console.

“What is it?” He asked.

“Security breach. Someone without access just tried to get into a containment floor set at level ten clearance.” Hill typed pointedly at her keyboard, all but punching the keys as her eyes flickered rapidly across the screen. 

Steve frowned, lowering the report in his hand. “Do we have a visual? Any idea who it is?” There had been a scare a few weeks back when a lost intern had ended up wandering into a secure server room and triggering the sensors, but Steve knew better than to count on a second false alarm. Though if an intruder had already breached the Triskelion and reached the lower containment levels without drawing notice--

“That’s the part you’re going to want to see,” Hill said, rotating her screen.

Steve stared at himself. Dressed in a slightly older iteration of his uniform -- the one he’d worn in New York, standing at the retinal scan beneath one of the security cameras.

He blinked. “Well that’s disconcerting.”

“I’m going to put out an alert, try to track the footage back to his point of entry and initialize protocol thirty-eight,” Hill muttered, typing fervently. “You should--”

Steve already had his shield in hand, snatching it up from where it had lain against the side of his chair. “What level was that again?”

Moments later he was in the elevator, biting down at the inside of his cheek as he tried unsuccessfully not to think about someone stealing his identity. Someone walking around, speaking to his allies, his colleagues, wearing his uniform and his face, while clearly up to no good. His hands balled into fists at his sides, then uncurled as he took a breath, watching the numbers on the screen drop. His doppelganger hadn’t done anything yet that they knew of. 

Steve intended to keep it that way.

The elevator doors whooshed open with a gentle ding that seemed unnaturally loud in the silent white hallway. Gripping his shield and tugging his cowl into place, Steve stepped out and looked each way. Seeing nothing, he began to move, keeping his strides long but his footfalls soft, shield raised in front of him--

-- He then whirled around as something red, white and blue, caught the edge of his vision.
  
He turned as footfalls alerted him to the fact that he was no longer alone, though he could hardly believe it was happenstance that brought the very man whose visage he’d donned to stand face to face with him. 

He supposed Stark had found some way of warning against his presence, or perhaps his shift had been observed after all. Whatever the case, he intended to play as though it was ever his intent to be caught. And if he did not turn back to himself, none of those who were sure to follow could be entirely sure which of them to train their weapons towards. Though, of co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Sleep Deprivation
Disordered Eating
Imprisonment
Nightmares
Self-Hatred
Discussion of Stockholm Syndrome
References to Addiction
Implied/Referenced Suicide attempt
Invasion of Privacy
Fantastic Racism
Internalized racism
Internalized Homophobia
Bondage
Handcuffs
Panic Attacks
Chair Bondage
artwork
Neglect
Body Dysphoria
Homophobic Language
Magical Medicine
Mentions of Cancer
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Torture
Genderfluid Loki
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Major Character Injury
Light BDSM
Kink Negotiation
Warning: HYDRA
Depression
Medical Torture
Ableism
Look there's a lot of fucked up stuff in this fic
if you're worried about specific triggers message one of us

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

