Chapter 1: February 5 – May 4, 2012
    




Chapter Text

“Curve ball, high and outside for ball one. So, the Dodgers are tied, 4-4. And the crowd well knows that with one swing of his bad this fellow’s capable of making it a brand-new game again. 
Steve woke up confused. The last thing he remembered was crashing Schmidt’s plane into the ice. He could hear a radio somewhere broadcasting a ball game.
Just an absolutely gorgeous day here at Ebbets Field. The Phillies have managed to tie up at 4-4. But the Dodgers have three men on. 
Pushing himself off the bed Steve looked around the room. It looked like an SSR hospital room and he was wearing an SSR shirt with kaki pants, but something was off, his magic was lashing out warning him of danger.
Pearson beaned Reiser in Philadelphia last month. Wouldn’t the youngster like a hit here to return the favour? Pete leans in. Here’s the pitch. 
Paying attention to the broadcast game from the radio, he turned to look at the offending box.
Swung on. A line to the right. And it gets past Rizzo. Three runs will score. Reiser heads to third. Durocher’s going to wave him in. Here comes the relay, but they won’t get him.”
He knew that game. He knew that game very well. He and Harry went to see that game in May of ’41. Hearing the door opening he turned quickly to see a good-looking nurse walk in.“Good morning,” she looked down to check her watch. “Or should I say afternoon?”“Where am I?” he knew that whoever had him didn’t necessarily have his best interests in mind.“You’re in a recovery room in New York city.”
“The Dodgers take the lead, 8-4. Oh, Dodgers! Everyone is on their feet. What a game we have here today, folks. What a game indeed.”
“Where am I really?” He was so calling bullshit on their ruse. Even if it was the SSR there was something not right here. His instincts were screaming at him and his magic was chomping at the bit to lash out at this fake nurse. Thankfully, he had plenty of practise keeping his magic in check, the last thing he needed right now was for someone to find out about magic.“I’m afraid I don’t understand.” She looked confused. Everything was well organized and looked authentic, why was the Captain reacting this way?“The game, its from May 1941. I know, ‘cause I was there.” Steve stood; he was so done with their crap. “Now, I'm gonna ask you again. Where am I?”The nurse backed away a little. “Captain Rogers…” in her hand she pushes the alarm button needing back up quickly.“Who are you?” He was startled when two soldiers in black uniforms enter the room. Steve immediately thinks of Hydra and attacks. It was surprisingly easy to know them through a wall. Running through the hole in the wall he realizes that they set this up to make him think he was home. I need to get out of here fast.“Captain Rogers, wait!” the nurse yells after him. “All agents, code thirteen! I repeat. All agents, code thirteen.”Running as fast as he can Steve dodges people in suits looking for an escape. I need to find somewhere safe to apparate from. I need to get the hell out of here and back to Harry. Merlin, he’s gonna kill me when I get back. Leaving the building Steve look a moment to look around the familiar, yet completely different scenery before taking off down the street. He didn’t get far before he was surrounded by strange looking black vehicles. A tall black man in leather with an eye patch gets out of one and walked towards him.“At ease, soldier! Look, I'm sorry about that little show back there but…we thought it best to break it to you slowly.”“Break what?”“You’ve been asleep, Cap. For almost seventy years.” Steve looked around in shock. He was in Harry’s original time, sorta. “You gonna be okay?”“Yeah. Yeah. I just…I had a date.” Harry was so going to kill him.~*~*~*~*~It took him two weeks to finally ditch the Shield babysitters. Originally, they wanted to ship him off to some ‘retreat’ in the woods, but he had outright refused. Besides, what were they going to do, force him to move. Yeah right.Steve had decided to go for ‘groceries’ early one morning. Sure, enough the Shield agent was right on his tail. Smiling to himself Steve headed into the old corner store that had been there when he was a child. It was even owned by the same family; he had spent some time talking with the owner about her grandfather and the store. The store had not changed at all in the last seventy years, including the back entrance that led to a hidden alleyway.Thankfully, the owner was understanding of Steve’s predicament and was willing to help distract the stalkers and let Steve get away safely. Making his way down the alley Steve made sure that there was no one around to see him then apparated to the alley behind the Woolworth Building. Walking up to the magical guard Steve nodded to him and reached out with his magic to open the secret door.Taking a moment to look around Steve regretted that this was the first time he was coming here. Spotting a help desk he quickly made his way o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Draco Malfoy/Clint Barton
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (Brief)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Sirius Black/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Phil Coulson/Remus Lupin

freeform: 
Mind Healers (Harry Potter)
Temporary Character Death
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Mpreg

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Draco Malfoy/Clint Barton
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (Brief)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Sirius Black/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Phil Coulson/Remus Lupin

