Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There isn’t a lot of room between the two buildings, just enough for a narrow alley and the fire escapes that almost touch, and Steve’s so proud that he’s got an office with a window that he’s willing to overlook the fact that his only view is into an office pretty much identical to his own. He might be stashed right at the back of the building, doing the tiresome letter writing that no one else liked, but it was hard enough to get a job when you were healthy and active, and Steve, small, skinny and sick – wasn’t about to stick his nose up at an indoors job in a warm, dry office. The office across the alley had been empty for a week – the active, healthy men getting drafted and called in to fight while Steve sat and wrote in his neat hand until his fingers cramped. The war had been going on for years and Steve had given up on getting out there – with 7 rejection letters stuffed in the back of a drawer in the illegal subdivision he shared with two other guys. Steve was sitting this war out against his will. He worked late – he always worked late – because it was warmer in the office even when everyone else had left for the day than it was in his tiny room, and his boss thought it was diligent and hard-working and whenever he walked past the room he’d pop in and slap Steve hard on the shoulder and say: “I wish all my guys were as hard working as you, son.” And Steve would nod and smile and try to ignore the sick feeling in the pit of his stomach that was so sure he could be doing more. That he was more. More than skinny Steve Rogers, writing out letters 6 days a week for a wage that kept him able to top up his medication and little else. He was the first to arrive in the morning, bright and early and able to get a hot cup of coffee before he set himself up for another day of monotony. His roommates work down at the docks, loading and unloading, and they think Steve’s a stuck up sissy – but he pays the most rent and keeps to himself, so as long as they don’t think he’s looking at them, they leave him alone. Last night both of them had come back drunk and ready for a fight, and Steve had slept with a chair holding his door closed, just in case. He was small and easily overpowered – they were drunk and strong – so he’d gotten hardly any sleep and could already feel his head starting to throb. He expected another day of repetitive work with nothing to distract him from the pain in his head. However, when he pushed open the door of his little back room, he noticed something new right away. The office over the dirty alley wasn’t empty. There was a man sitting at the desk across the way. He had his back to Steve, and his hair was a little longer than it should have been – but that wasn’t what Steve noticed. His suit had been pinned up on one side – his entire left arm gone. His window was cracked open, letting in the cool morning air, and a packet of smokes lay on the sill. Unlike Steve, he had a typewriter (Steve’s penmanship was the reason he’d been given the job over the dames that applied) and was typing fairly quickly for a guy with only one arm. Steve tried not to stare at his back while he settled himself down for the day – the guy who’d worked across the alley before used to glare over if he thought Steve was looking, so Steve got used to keeping his head down and not looking up for any reason. An hour later, something tapped against his window, causing Steve to let out a rather unmanly squeak. The one armed man was leaning out of his window, tapping gently on Steve’s window with what looked like a slim walking cane. His window opens all the way. It’s technically not supposed to open at all, but the latch that’s designed to stop it is bust. When he pushes his window open and clicks it into place, he can see that the one armed man has jimmied a wedge of cardboard between the window and the lock so that he can push his open fully too – and for some reason, that makes Steve a little warm – but then he sees the man leaning out of his window properly. He’s attractive. He’s more than attractive; he’s probably the most beautiful man Steven Grant Rogers has ever seen in the whole of his life. His too long hair is falling over his blue eyes – dark and warm and only a shade or two lighter than navy, framed by thick black lashes and a mouth than made Steve want to blush and look away. He’d be too pretty – pretty like a girl was pretty, if it wasn’t for the masculine squareness of his jaw, or the strong line of his nose. “Wanna smoke?” He asked, and his Brooklyn accent was strong and bold and everything Steve wanted to be. He was holding out a bashed packet of cigarettes, a few missing already. Steve was sorely tempted to try just so he could prolong the connection – but he knew his own limits. “Asthma.” He said, throat working the word. It had been the first thing he’d said in almost 24 hours. “Do you mind if I?” The man asks, and waves the packet at Steve before tapping the carton on the sil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Original Female Character/Original Female Character

freeform: 
ofc/ofc background relationship
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
amputee bucky
Semi-Public Sex
Masterbation
1940's setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Frottage
First Time
Howard is really only mentioned in the passing
Dr Erskine is only really mentioned a couple of times

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Original Female Character/Original Female Character

