Work Text:


Peter worries about his dad constantly.People like to brush it off by saying it's an omega thing which– ugh, he doesn't even want to get into that. It's not an omega thing, it's a Peter thing because… because his dad is Tony Stark, okay?His dad is amazing, a perfect alpha. He's a literal genius, a trait Peter inherits from his father. But more than that, his dad has such a big heart. For others, it's difficult to see under all that sass and sharp tongue of his but when he's with Peter, it's all warmth and smiles. Peter gets the sass too, but he gets everything else that his dad is too guarded to show anyone else.He loves that about his father.Tony's also the perfect alpha, even without his gig as Iron man or a billionaire.And Peter worries, okay? Because all this superhero stuff takes such a heavy toll on his alpha, especially since Peter somehow gets roped into it too. But they both know that Peter wouldn't give up being Spider-man for anything. Not when it means he can be by his dad's side. Protect him. Keep him safe.An omega protecting an alpha? Not as uncommon as people like to think. Especially when it comes to Peter. His dad is the most important person to him, of course, he'd protect him.It's another hard night when they return home.His dad has Friday scan him from the top of his head down to the tips of his toes. Any minor bruising or injuries Peter sustains during battles are wiped clean by the time they get home though. Even with Friday confirming that, Tony still looks him over."You sure you didn't get hurt?""I'm sure, dad.""How about your shoulder? I saw you take that hit–""Dad– I said I'm okay…!"The alpha breathes out a sigh that sounds like it comes from his very core. His hands on Peter's shoulders loosen as the tension eases out of him."Okay. Okay," he says, shoulders slumping, "Sorry, kiddo. I know– I know you can take care of yourself. I just worry, okay?"If Peter was like any other teen, Tony's constant concern could possibly rub him the wrong way. Instead, the young omega soaks it all up, just melting in his dad's arms. His own come up to hug his alpha father and he's just tall enough now that he can bury his nose against his father's scent gland.He breathes in the familiar scent of home and a soft, quiet sort of purr rumbles in his chest. His father answers it with one of his own, deep and reassuring. The sound is a private little thing between them, an intimate affair for just them alone."I worry, too, dad," Peter admits. Then, because he knows his dad is feeling a bit vulnerable, he asks, "Is it… Is it okay if I sleep with you tonight? Please, dad?"He can feel his dad's huff of laughter and the warm puff of breath against his ear. He has to force his body to keep from trembling."Was there really any point in giving you your own floor if you're just gonna sleep with your old man all the time?" Tony's words are a soft tease but he doesn't say no. Peter knows he won't, either. He never does."It keeps me from cluttering the penthouse?" Peter says innocently, a light quip to his dad's rhetorical question."Yeah," Tony steps back and shakes his head with a fond smile. "Okay, kiddo, guess we're having a sleepover, just you and me."It's always just them. And that's how Peter wants it to remain.They do their routines, brush their teeth side by side. Tony strips down to just his boxers and Peter wears short shorts and an undershirt.His dad's body is littered with faded scars, marks from their work as superheroes. Sturdy strong shoulders and a trim waist, thanks to Peter's insistence that they try to be healthy. His dad has enough health problems as it is.In contrast, Peter is all lithe muscles and slender lines thanks to omegan biology and then the bite.Nothing unusual happens. It never does during this part…But then they settle down and Peter curls up against his father's side, cuddling close and throwing a leg over his dad's."Little octopus," his daddy teases, "Thought you were bit by a spider."Peter only clings even tighter when his father reaches for the bedside drawer. Even with his face half buried against his dad's shoulder, his ears pick up the soft rattle of pills."Dr. Banner still okaying those?" Peter asks curiously."Yeah, insomnia's a bitch and these have worked real good so–" Tony pops two pills and swallows it dry. "I just want a good night's sleep with my favorite son.""I'm your only son," Peter points out, right on cue."Mhmm…" Tony settles down, pulling the sheets up and making sure they're both covered. "Favorite son…"Peter pretends to drift off, eyes closed, but his mind is far too active to fall asleep. He feels the way Tony's breathing deepens; the pill taking effect fast.While his dad is lulled into sleep, his heart thumping away at a steady, reassuring pace, Peter's is quickening.He's about to do something unforgivable, but it wouldn't be the first time.Fifteen minutes go by."Dad…?" Peter murmurs softly."Mm…?" Tony barely responds. It's more instinct, his father
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Incest
Father/Son Incest
Intersex
Vaginal Sex
Drugged Sex
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Dubious Consent
Breeding
Bulge Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

