Chapter 1: The Omega in the Basement
    




Chapter Text
Steve Rogers didn’t wake up that morning expecting to meet his true mate, but it happened anyway. He also hadn’t expected to be breaking into Stark Manor that day. But, when he second in command Bucky Barnes brought up that Howard Stark and Obadiah Stane now owed them over 20 million dollars, he knew things had to be… fixed.You see, Steve and most of his friends were part of a group called the Howling Commandos. For lack of a better word, the were essentially a mob that ran all of Brooklyn and a good chunk of Manhattan. They made their money by breaking up crime rings in the area and stealing from them. They put most of the money back into their community while using the rest to pay for the things they needed themselves. They were essentially a group of very deadly Robin hoods. They weren’t all 100% good. The group often operated outside the confines of the law if they thought the situation called for it. The took out people, especially Alphas, who prayed on the most vulnerable in their community with extreme prejudice.    The group consisted of Steve, who was the leader and head Alpha of the group. He made sure that things ran smoothly and even went out on runs personally to make sure the job got done and that his friends were safe. Next was James “Bucky” Barnes. He’d been Steve’s best friend since childhood. He was also an Alpha and was quite good when it came to tactics. There was Natasha Romanov, a Beta with a knock for interrogation. Clint Barton, an Omega and one of their best sharpshooters. Thor and Loki Odinson, Alpha and Omega brothers who had this amazing good cop bad cop routine. There was Virginia “Pepper” Potts, a Beta who helped them with their finances because she was really good at math and problem solving, and Harold “Happy” Hogan, another Omega, and the best getaway driver in the world. Steve also had friends who weren’t really in their line of work but still helped out the community. They hang out all together some times and just watch movies and play games.    His friend Bruce Banner, a Beta, worked part-time for the Commandos as their medical doctor. The other half of his time was spent running a free medical clinic just down the road. He treated anybody who needed it in their area and all the Commandos gladly pitched in and gave money to where it was needed. So many kids got the medical treatments they needed and were now able to go to school because of Bruce’s work as well as his fellow volunteers.One of Steve’s other friends, Alpha Sam Wilson, wasn’t a member of the Commandos but was still a very good friend. He ran a counselling office for veterans and for Omega’s who had suffered abuse. He also ran some after school sports programs.There was also James Rhodes. He was an Alpha in the Air Force. Steve had met him when he and Bucky were 19 years old and in the army. Steve and Bucky had only stayed for one tour before getting honourably discharged. In that time though, they’d met Rhodes and Sam when they had a week-long joint training exercise. They all seemed to hit it off. Rhodes had stayed on with the Air Force and visited when he could. He was quickly climbing the ranks and all his friends were proud of him.      Honestly, it often seemed like the Commandos and their friends did more good for their community then the government did. They were the ones to break up crime rings and put money into community health and education. Sure, they did their fair share of crime on their own, but it was all to protect the community. It was hard to believe all that had happened in all of Steve’s 26 years, but here he was, head of the Commandos, had been in the army for 4 years after he’d turned 18, he’d seen so many things change. It was… a lot.  But not as much as finding his true mate.The day had started off normal. Steve work up, drank a protein shake with chocolate flavoured protein powder in it, and worked out until everyone else who lived in the house woke up for breakfast. It was Clint’s turn to cook so he was whipping up a large batch of scrambled eggs and fruit. Just simple things because Clint was a menace in the kitchen. They all ate and joked around a bit before getting dressed and ready for the day’s meeting. The active members of the Commandos liked to meet every morning after breakfast to touch base and figure out what needed to be done.And that was when the day went from normal to something much more.“So, I was going over our finances with Pepper last night and it looks like Stark and Stane still owe us 20 million for the Russo job we did a month ago.” Spoke Bucky once they were all settled down. “So, we did some digging to see if we could get any dirt on them to use as blackmail and it looks like those two have been dealing weapons under the table to terrorists like HYDRA for the past five years and are suspected of Omega trafficking.”“So, what I’m gathering is that we need to go to the Stark mansion and poke around and/or
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Protective Steve Rogers
Possessive Steve Rogers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Mpreg
Sick Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Torture
Child Abuse
Anxious Tony Stark
Innocent Tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
True Mates
Adorable Tony Stark
Blood and Violence
this one's a bit dark guys
more warnings in the notes
DO NOT COPY!
Mafia AU
Mob Boss Steve Rogers
Howling Commandos - Freeform
Some dub-com elements due to naivety
Abused Tony Stark
graphic torture and murder

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

