Chapter 1: yay another trip for peter to hate
    


Notes:
yall im going to be honest i wrote this and i had no idea who was on the team so everyone on the trip is Harrington (who is sometimes Harrison bc im stupid)PeterNedMJFlashBettyAbeCindysome chapters will stay stupid shit like some of them left the room but ignore that and just assume everyone listed above is present at anything that most of the class is at




Chapter Text
Peter had a love hate relationship with school. It was so easy for him that it was nice to zone out and think about what upgrades he could add to his suit or the next lego set he and Ned could build. He loved seeing Ned and MJ too, he was busy a lot, for obvious reasons so this was a time for them to catch up. But on the down side school kept him from patrolling. It also was home to multiple bullies who he could do nothing about, because if he did something his secret identity could come out. Even when Flash was taunting him it didn't hurt too bad. Sure the dead parent comments were a little much but he could handle being called Penis because later in the day he would be called a hero.Another downside of school is field trips. Peter hated field trips- no he loathed them. For obvious reasons, he got bit at Oscorp and almost died at DC. Unfortunately the academic decathlon team had a field trip coming up and there was no way to get out of going.“I'm pleased to announce the next field trip will be overnight to Stark Towers!” Mr.Harrison said, excited that they would be at such a safe place for a field trip. The rest of the class was just as excited. “I can't wait!” yelled Betty. “Do you think we can meet avengers?” another kid yelled. Peter was trying to tune everyone out. “Maybe I can meet Spider-Man!” Flash yelled out. Ned looked over at Peter expecting him to be happy about going to his second home for school but Peter seemed to be shrinking into his chair. MJ looked sympathetic at her boyfriend and held his shoulder. “Nothing can go wrong this time. You have the home team advantage.” Peter looked up at her. “With the avengers, no way. They probably set this up just to humiliate me.” Just then flash piped up. “What's wrong Parker you thinking about how we're all going to find out you've been lying about your internship.” MJ was about to go off on him but Peter held her back. “The more he knows the more likely he could find out about my alter ego. It's fine, really” MJ looks defeated and doesn't hesitate to stick out her middle finger at Flash. Peter decided to start patrol a little later than normal and went straight home. May was on the couch. “What's wrong honey you never miss patrolling.” “I just wanted to let you know that my decathlon team is taking a trip to Stark towers and this was all probably all orchestrated by Mr.Stark and I really don't want to go but i'll be badgered with questions from the school and the avengers if I don't go.” He said that all really fast then dropped his backpack. “I know no matter what I'm going to have to go.” May hugged Peter. “It might be fun though. You can finally prove your internship, don't worry it will all be fine, you have Tony Stark on your side.” After watching the last half of an episode of The Office Peter leaves to patrol. Hopefully it can keep his mind off of the stupid trip.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
this is a overdone format
Peter and MJ are dating
endgame dont know her
Not Canon Compliant
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
teen for swearing
tony acting as peters parent figure
but not in a way that overshadows may
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Light Angst
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

