Work Text:
A blond and a brunette walk into a bar.
This is how you come back to him: He's lying in the rubble of the base you destroyed. His head is bleeding. You've dragged him awkwardly over your lap to cushion his head because you can't leave him on the bank again. You remember doing it once and you remember the screaming wrongness of it. Your right hand is buried in his filthy blond hair and you've got a gun in your left hand. If you have to, you have enough bullets to take out a squad of HYDRA soldiers and have two left over. You won't leave him again. You can't.You hear the sound of wings and you tilt your head up to watch the man with the wings as he lands near you. He starts to rush toward you, talking into a comm, and you lift the gun and point it at his head. He doesn't stop, exactly, but he slows down, like you're a mad dog that might bite or cringe in submission. You are. But you can't strike out lest you hurt the man lying so still on your lap. You keep the gun steady."Hey," says the man with the wings, in a quiet, friendly voice. You remember sometimes the handlers would try to do this, and you remember that it never worked. For some reason the man with the wings is better at it. "Hey, mind if I sit for a minute?"You lift one shoulder and lower it. The man on your lap doesn't stir, even when you shift him closer.The man with the wings sits down across from you with his legs folded, just out of easy striking range. "I'm going to unholster my guns," he says conversationally. "I'm going to put them on the ground. I don't want to put them out of reach, because fuck knows what might happen. But I'll put them as far away as I can. Is that all right?"You shrug again. You both know you can kill the man with the wings before he can reach the guns, no matter what he tries. "Steve still breathing?" says the man with the wings."He's alive," you say. You have not talked to another human for two months, maybe three now. Sometimes you talk to animals. A dog came up to you once and put its head on your knee as you sat hunched up on a bench, looking at you with steady, forgiving eyes. You reached out and touched the warm curve of its head, the firmness of the skull over the softness of the fur and skin, and if you had known how to weep, you would have tried."That's good," says the man with the wings. He pulls his guns from the holsters and sets them down, just like he told you. "He bleeding anywhere bad?""I don't know," you say."Can I come over there and check? I'm a paramedic. Or I was," says the man with the wings. "Do you know what a paramedic is? Sorry, man, I get used to talking to Steve and he's had time to get used to this shit. I used to be pararescue. We'd fly in and get wounded soldiers out, you know, in combat. Me and my partner Riley.""A medic," you say."Yeah, kind of," says the man with the wings. "Only like the guy who gets to you before the medic does, you know?" You remember medics, you think. You remember being repaired. You have a dim memory before that, where your knowledge of the man on your lap lives, of kind, brusque hands binding up your wounds. "His head is bleeding," you say."Aw, Steve," says the man with the wings. "I'm gonna reach into my pants pocket, okay? And I'm gonna pull out some wipes. I'm gonna push them toward you so you can wipe the blood off his head. Is that all right?"You think about it for a long minute. You can still kill the man with the wings if you have to, and the man on your lap is bleeding, which is not acceptable. You nod once. He reaches slowly into his pants' cargo pocket and pulls out a small package, which he holds up for you to see. He opens it before he pushes it over with a flick of his wrist. You lean over awkwardly and grab it with your right hand. It's a package that says CLEANSING WIPES - HYPOALLERGENIC - UNSCENTED. It doesn't seem to have any hidden explosives in it, but you know better than to trust it completely. You don't think the man with the wings would set off an explosive with the man on the bridge lying on your lap, though."Might work better if you put that gun down," says the man with the wings conversationally. "But if you don't want to, that's fine. Hey, do you mind if I answer my comm while you're cleaning Steve's thick skull? They're gonna come down here with guns blazing if I don't answer it pretty quick. I'll put it on speaker.""Fine," you say, but don't put the gun down. It's a good thing you're leaning against a wall, because it's hard to clean the man on your lap's head and keep the gun steady on the man with the wings at the same time. You manage it, though, and keep a wary eye on the man with the wings as he pulls out a black card from his vest pocket and puts it on the ground. He touches a button and a hologram of the woman called Natasha Romanov appears. "--lcon, come in," she says. "God damn it, Wilson, where are you?""I'm here, Nat," says the man with the wings. "Did you find Cap?" she demands. "Do you need help?""Found him," 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Kate Bishop

freeform: 
kate bishop is better than you
Recovery
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
blond jokes
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Kate Bishop

