Chapter 1: Discovery
    




Chapter Text


- Part 1: Discovery -

It was well past noon before Loki Laufeyson awoke, eyes tired and puffy. He sighed, blinking through the soft rays of the sun that managed to fight through the tint JARVIS kept on the window walls. The god pulled the blanket tighter around him and pressed his face further into the pillow. He knew he was alone in bed, which had become something he was no longer used to, but still he swatted widely behind him. After discovering what he already knew, he pulled an extra pillow over his face with a huff.
"Mr. Laufeyson, would you like an update?" JARVIS called, voice filling the too empty room.
"Certainly," Loki mumbled, voice muffled by the pillows. The AI prattled on about the weather and the location of the other Avengers, but Loki wasn't exactly listening. He was suddenly far too distracted by the overwhelming scent of his lover from the pillow over his face.
"I care not, spirit," Loki drawled. JARVIS immediately paused. "Speak of Anthony."
Loki had been involved with Tony Stark for several months now, the actual number lost on him. He knew Tony knew, but neither really spoke on it. Time wasn't as important to Loki as Tony, and that fact was enough of a glaring factor in their relationship that it was better left unspoken. Tony was happy with the time they did have, and Loki was more than willing to keep him that way.
"Sir has landed and met with Miss Potts. I expect a call within the next ten minutes," the AI answered.
"My thanks," Loki replied, inhaling deeply from the pillow. He would never admit aloud exactly how important Tony had become to him over their relationship, but it was easy to let his guard down when the genius wasn't there.
Loki thoroughly enjoyed Tony's scent. Some days it was thick with oil and metal after hours working on his suits; others it was dusted in a warm cinnamon when he was annoyed from the others or the company; the smell on the pillow was the god's favourite, though. It was Tony's natural smell that Loki could only describe as fresh print and spices mixed with his almond shampoo. It was intoxicating, to say the least, and Loki could only openly enjoy it when the mortal was sleeping with his head buried under Loki's chin.
Loki sighed, taking another deep breath. Tony had suggested they take a vacation from the Avengers Tower for the week. Pepper was taking care of the company and he figured Fury could suck it up for seven days without him, so Loki had agreed. Tony left Bruce head of household at the Tower, had JARVIS block all calls from Fury, and they left for the Malibu mansion.
After only a day away from the world, Pepper called Tony to come survey a new project breaking ground in Britain. Loki was proud of his mortal - Tony actually told Pepper to fuck off. She, of course, wasn't having it and managed to convince - blackmail - Tony to take the flight. Loki sighed again, holding the pillow tighter.
"Incoming HUD from Sir," JARVIS announced, making Loki throw the pillow aside hastily. He quickly sat up and smoothed his hair down, schooling his features into total nonchalance.
"Proceed," he answered. The television on the opposite wall turned on and displayed a waiting message. After a few more seconds, Tony Stark popped up.
"Hey babe!" Tony called, lips spreading in that smile that only Loki could cause.
"How was the flight?" Loki asked, feeling his lips quirk in a soft smirk.
"Boring," Tony moaned, head falling back on the car seat dramatically. He was in a limo, seats dark from the tint on the windows. Still he wore his Aviator glasses, but Loki never minded. Tony had a unique sense to him, and the god would be lying if he said it wasn't attractive.
"Perhaps had you not left me," Loki began, hands folded neatly before him. "I could promise your boredom staved."
"You know I don't want to be here," Tony answered, tone soft. "Pepper was pulling all the punches for this one. There's a few big people I have to meet or the project is terminated."
"So I was told," Loki answered cooly. Tony's eyebrows rose over his glasses, but he did smile.
"I'll only be gone for, like, two days," Tony said. "I'll see these people, stay the night, and you'll see me Wednesday. I promise."
"Today is Sunday, Mr. Laufeyson," JARVIS supplied.
"That's my boy, J," Tony grinned.
"My thanks," Loki answered. He kept his eyes glued to the television, a surprising feeling stirring within him. "Anthony?"
"Yeah babe?" Tony answered, that soft smile back again.
"You are aware this is the first we have been apart," Loki said. Tony paused, head turned slightly as his genius ran through the time they have spent together in its entirety.
"Wow, yeah," he said after a few more seconds, chuckling slightly. "I'm surprised you've tolerated me this long."
Now it was Loki's turn to chuckle. He would never know. "So it seems."
Tony grinned sheepishly, scratching the back of his head. "Well, I won't read into that while I'm overseas. It'll be hard enough to s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & JARVIS

freeform: 
Loki-centric
Good Loki
Loki Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Feels
Very Secret Diary
Loki Does What He Wants
Protective Jarvis
Awesome Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Secret Video Blog
Nosy Loki
Tony Stark Should Not Leave Loki Alone
Tony Stark Can't Keep A Secret

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & JARVIS

