Chapter 1: See me how I really am
    




Chapter Text
"Daddy, you home?“ Peter opened the door to the million-dollar apartment he shared with his Dad in the middle of New York. He threw his backpack in the corner and kicked off his shoes, tucking them away in the shoe cabinet. He was early today, his college professor had caught the flu, and his best friends Ned and MJ had canceled their Wednesday night study session. To be fair, Peter would have called off their meeting, too, because he was close to his heat and the only thing he wanted right now was to lie down in his bed surrounded by his pillows and toys. Normally Peter wouldn’t go to his lectures if he didn’t feel like it. He was clever enough to catch up later and all the professors fully understood that an Omega would stay at home close to his heat, but there wasn’t much time left until finals. And Peter was a little bit afraid of the upcoming exams because he didn’t want to disappoint his Daddy. Being the son of Tony Stark definitely had its advantages, even if the tech genius wasn’t really his Dad. Peter had never met his biological father, and Tony had married his mother when he had been five years old, so he was the only authoritative figure in his life. Especially since his mother had died a few months later and Peter could be lucky that Tony had decided to adopt him then, otherwise he would have ended up in an orphanage. Peter was grateful, more than he could ever express, and so he did his best to please his Dad. He felt an overwhelming urge to be good, to make his Daddy proud, so he worked hard on every day. He studied for hours to get the best grades, he cooked and cleaned, he even did his father’s laundry. Everything just to be the perfect little Omega for his Dad. Peter knew very well that Tony Stark was a busy, important man, and he did everything he could to make his Daddy’s life easier. Oh, and how proud Tony was of him. He always took Peter to social events, parading him around like the perfect son Peter tried his best to be. Tony told him how jealous the other rich people were of him, how he had to drive back other Alphas that want to claim Peter, and he was so glad that his Daddy protected him. He didn’t want to be with other Alphas, he just wanted to be with his Dad. His life could have been so good, he had friends who cared about him, they had more than enough money to pay for his dream college in New York so he wouldn’t have to move away. He didn’t even argue with his Dad either. He could have been so happy if only Peter’s feelings hadn’t got in his way. Peter felt a strong urge to obey his Daddy, to be perfect for him, to get down on his knees and present for him, and the thought alone was enough to make him scared as hell. He was his Dad, for god’s sake! Maybe not in blood, but by name anyway. Peter was ashamed of himself. At night he was lay in bed, imagining his Daddy’s hands all over his body while he was touching himself. He pictured his Daddy’s knot when he was riding his favorite dildo during his heat, and he wished that it were his Daddy’s fingers that stuffed him full while he was preparing himself for the plastic toy. His thoughts were wrong, so wrong, but he couldn’t stop his mind from wandering. One day he might unintentionally reveal his secret, and he was afraid that he would destroy the relationship to his Dad. It became harder and harder every day to keep his feelings locked inside him. He had been so close to screaming his Daddy’s name during his last heat and if Tony had walked past his room, he could have heard his small whimpers that begged for his Daddy’s knot. Despite his fear, Peter couldn’t hold back much longer, and he knew his secret would be discovered one day. He just wasn’t ready to lose Tony yet. That was one of the reasons why he was more than relieved that Tony wasn’t at home today. His whole body was tingling, his hole slickening up and arching to be filled and the closer he got to his heat, the harder it became to hold back the feelings about his daddy.  On the way to his room, Peter passed the bedroom door of Tony. Even though the whole apartment was clouded by his Daddy’s Alpha smell, it was even stronger here, so close to the bed where Tony was always sleeping in. The smell of black coffee mixed with leather and a hint of motor oil was overwhelming on a good day and now, so close to his heat, Peter immediately felt slick gushing out of his hole. Fuck, he knew he was weak when he opened the door, he knew it was a mistake, but he had held back more often than not and this time, he snapped. Just for a minute, he tried to convince himself. I’ll be out in no time. Of course, Peter had been in his Dad’s bedroom before, they were living in the same apartment, but usually, he tried to avoid entering the room. Tony was a neat man, his room tidied and clean, and it was probably the only room in the house that Peter didn’t clean regularly. His Daddy had told him that even though he loved Peter doing the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Peter Parker
Dominant Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Incest
Adopted Peter Parker
Technically no incest
Voyeurism
Humiliation
Masturbation
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Just the Tip
Possessive Tony Stark
Peter Crying During Sex
Anal Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Size Difference
Exhibitionism
Dirty Talk
Sexual Harassment
Sex Toys
Rimming
Mirror Sex
Creampie
Roleplay
Cock Worship
Spanking
Ring gag
Feminization

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

