Chapter 1: "He'll Learn."
    




Chapter Text
    The smell of the mercenary bar was gross. Body odor, cheap beer, and gunpowder ran rampant, and whenever I walked in, my stomach would curl with disgust. It was worse when Alpha, Beta, and Gamma scents ran amok -- my own Omega scent non-existent due to my specialized gel. My boss, Weasel, was always behind the counter, serving up the thugs and mercs with jokes and a smile, and our mutual friend, Wade, was always sitting at the bar to annoy him. Sometimes, though, Wade would be gone on a mission -- Deadpool always making a comeback in his red and black suit -- and it would be just Weasel and I tending to the customers until I found a mission of my own.    Today, though, the mission seemed to find me.     The door to the merc bar was opened slowly and a newcomer came in, a bald man with an eyepatch.  Nick Fury. His singular eye ran over the rambunctious group before landing on me. He moved to the bar, sitting down before me without breaking our eye contact.    “What can I get you?” I asked calmly, my royal blue hair almost falling in my face.     “A shot of whiskey, if you have it,” he replied just as calmly, though his expression showed me how stressed he was. I nodded and turned around, grabbing the singular bottle of Jack Daniel’s on the shelf. Turning back to the former-Director of Shield, I grabbed a bigger shot glass, pouring it almost to the top. Pushing it in front of him, I remained there, screwing the lid back on.    “You look rather stressed, stranger,” I pointed out, watching as he drank a mouthful of the burning liquid. He sighed, nodding.    “This past week has been shitty,” he conceded, chugging the remaining bit. Setting the glass down, he looked at me. “I’m looking for someone. For a job.” I raised an eyebrow, nodding as I filled up his glass again.    “You’ve come to the right place, boss,” I said with a wide grin. “What’re you lookin’ for? Hacker? Bomber?” He smirked and shook his head in denial, taking a mouthful of his new whiskey. I hummed, pretending to think about it before I snapped my fingers and pointed at the slightly amused Director. “An Assassin.” He shrugged, setting his half-full glass down.    “It’s a mixture of those, I would think,” he said, glancing over at an eavesdropping Weasel. “It’s a private matter, and I cannot speak of it when there are spies that could hear it. This mission is on a strict need-to-know business.” I nodded, giving him an understanding smile. He took the last mouthful, gulping it down and reaching into his pocket to place down three one-hundred dollar bills. My eyes widened with surprise, Weasel fully turning to look at the man with shock. “In fact, I am looking for the best. One that, last time we met, tried to kill me. One named Circe.” I stiffened, looking back up at him to examine his face. Weasel reached under the bar and I raised my hand to him, stopping his movements.     “You found her, boss,” I said calmly. “There is a room in the back. We can talk there.” He nodded and I put Jack Daniel’s back, leading him behind the bar and into the back room. Weasel gave me a look, but I shook my head -- I knew exactly who this man was, and he knew who I was. I opened the door, allowing him in first and closing the door after he was at the table. He sat down, grabbing a file from the safety of his leather trench coat. I sighed, sitting across from him at the table. “Nice to see you again, Fury.”    “Really?” Fury asked, a smirk on his face. “Last I remember, we didn’t part on good terms, Circe.” I shrugged.    “In my defense, I was left unsupervised with a broken mind.” He nodded.    “I know.” He put the file in front of him, my eyes catching sight of the SHIELD emblem. “I have done my research on you over the many years, Circe. Didn’t find much, I’ll admit that, but after Hydra fell, I found a lot more.” I stiffened at the name of the organization, my stoic but a frown tugging at my lips.    “And what did you find?”    “You were a part of the Winter Soldier Project,” he began, his face falling into a stoic expression as well. “But that only lasted a week, as they thought you were ready and you were given your first mission. When you failed, you never returned, and they have been tracking you since.” I cocked my head, a bitter smile crawling onto my face.    “Yes, you were my first and last mission from Hydra.”     “What I found  more interesting, however,” he said, leaning forward, “was how you got to Hydra in the first place. Those files, unfortunately, were not intact. Care to elaborate?” He raised an eyebrow and my smile dropped to a smirk, a dark look overcoming my face.    “I am the by-product of a cruel Hydra scientist and the Greek Goddess, Hecate. One turned me into a science experiment, and the other didn’t care. I’ll let you decide which is which.” He remained impassive, and I continued. “Before the age of ten, I was taught how to wield weapons -- guns, swords, hammers, toothpicks, whatever -- a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Thor (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Pietro Maximoff/Original Female Character(s)
Bruce Banner/Original Female Character(s)
Avengers Team & Original Female Character(s)
Avengers Team & Reader
Nick Fury & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman
Wade Wilson & Original Female Character(s)
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Domestic Avengers
kidnapped avengers
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Natasha Romanoff
Beta Clint Barton
Beta Sam Wilson
Alpha Thor (Marvel)
Alpha Loki (Marvel)
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade Wilson
Omega Verse
Light Angst
BDSM
Daddy Kink
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Age Difference
Goddess Hecate
Hydra
Winter Soldier Program
mercenary reader - Freeform
Pack Dynamics
Pack Bonding
Possessive Sex
Possessive Tony Stark
Possessive Steve Rogers
Possessive Thor (Marvel)
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Possessive Hulk
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Dom/sub
Protective Avengers
Mental Health Issues
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Abuse
Eventual Smut
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Superpowers
Magic
Protective Original Female Character
Mother Hen
Mother-Son Relationship
Father-Son Relationship
Alpha Hulk (Marvel)
Cheap Kidnappers
Crack Treated Seriously
non-canon
Slow Burn
long chapters
Stubborn Steve Rogers
Stubborn Tony Stark
Omega Darcy Lewis
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Cottagecore

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Thor (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Pietro Maximoff/Original Female Character(s)
Bruce Banner/Original Female Character(s)
Avengers Team & Original Female Character(s)
Avengers Team & Reader
Nick Fury & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman
Wade Wilson & Original Female Character(s)
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov

