Work Text:
In the end, it doesn't matter where he finds Loki. What matters is that it's inevitable.Loki fell. Thor has not stopped searching for him since.He searches so long that several times he convinces himself he will fail, not because Loki is too clever to be found—but because he is nowhere to be found. There's no knowing where the fall from Asgard put him, what such a fall could do even to Loki. The thought is too painful to consider, and so Thor never considers it very long before resuming his search.Loki lives. He exists somewhere for Thor to find, because the alternative is unthinkable.Thor doesn't limit his search to living worlds. He knows his brother's cleverness, his sorcery. He knows better than to assume Loki will avoid a planet simply because it is incapable of sustaining life. But no matter where he searches, he finds no sign. Not even lingering traces to indicate where Loki may have set foot."It's pointless to search for him," his father says in the quiet of an empty banquet hall, long after the men have departed for sleep. The first hints of morning sunlight sneak surreptitiously across the floor, and Odin continues, "Your brother is far too clever to be found if he does not wish it. And if he wished to be found, he'd have revealed himself by now."The logic is circular, but frustratingly sound. Thor continues searching anyway.It's not guilt that drives him, though the guilt is profound enough. The thought of how enormously he erred, how deeply he must have wounded Loki to inspire such rage—such betrayal and, much as it hurts somewhere deep and vicious in Thor's chest to acknowledge, such hatred from his brother.Because Thor knows Loki hates him. And considering all the years of arrogance, of prideful ignorance, of gloating condescension… how can Thor blame him?Thor is different now. He's changed. But Loki is gone, and the knowledge is small enough consolation."You must stop torturing yourself," Sif admonishes him. "Pining away like this will accomplish nothing.""I am not pining," Thor says, glowering at her until she leaves.He is pining, though. He feels lost without his brother. He thought he knew heartbreak when he raised Mjölnir to sever the bridge—when he made the decision that would cut off the path to Earth for a dozen human lifetimes and ensure he never saw Jane Foster again.But the ache of that loss fell pale and fleeting compared to the shattered denial that sang through him as Loki fell beyond his reach. Thor could pretend not to understand why. He could pretend it is merely the loss of a beloved brother that gnaws at him so—no one else questions the reason. They tread with careful deference, mindful of the closeness that always existed between the sons of Odin.But this heartbreak is one that hangs heavier than it should, and Thor has no need to lie to himself. This is one secret that has always been easily kept. Thor has no use for denial—certainly not now, when he is most vulnerable to the fear that he will never see Loki again. Who is there to judge him for having the wrong feelings when he will never have the opportunity to express them?His feet carry him without thought through the golden corridors of the palace, and Thor is hardly surprised when he finds himself stepping into his brother's abandoned chambers. Quiet. Untouched. His mother has insisted the space remain undisturbed, though she need not have bothered. Thor himself would happily break the hands of anyone who would touch his brother's sanctuary, even if it is all but certain Loki will never set foot in these rooms again.Thor closes the doors behind him, as quietly as he can, and turns his gaze to the high-ceilinged space. The walls flow gold and fluid, twisting columns that rise high into the shadows. There's an enormous desk in one corner, gilt and smooth, and a bed tucked in a low alcove, surrounded by curtains and canopy. The room itself is dim—that is nothing new, Loki always preferred darker spaces, quiet corners—but the grim shadows feel smothering now, and Thor feels emotion rise to lodge uncomfortably in his throat.Defeat. Failure. How can he bring Loki home if he can't find him? And always, always the niggling doubt—the fear that Loki is simply not there to be found.Thor's eyes sting, and between one breath and the next he is on his knees. He swallows thickly, eyes raised to the ceiling as his hands clench into useless fists against his thighs."Forgive me, Brother," he whispers into the stillness."For which transgression?" comes the smooth reply, so familiar that for a moment Thor thinks he imagined it.Then his gaze snaps down from the ceiling, to a spot where the shadows have shifted just slightly, and he finds Loki—Loki—watching him with an indecipherable expression."Brother," Thor breathes, jaw slack with disbelief.Loki stands in the shadows as though they belong to him, clad in dark fabric, the pale skin of his hands and face all but glowing  in contrast. He wears no armor, no helm, no weapon."You s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
First Time
First Kiss
Sibling Incest
Non-Consensual
Rape

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

