Work Text:
Tony Stark was a force of nature. A man who never backed down from a challenge and never gave up control to a world too slow to keep up. Tony had a certain kind of charisma that Steve’s only seen in another man – a man Steve once had the honor of working with – and more than that, Tony had a way with words, almost manipulative, to say the truth, that allowed him to bask in praise, in women, and money. He was a man who exceeded all odds, who cheated death one too many times and always,  always, had the world at his mercy. Steve never expected Siberia to go down the way it did – he should have, but he didn’t. It was pointless to expect Tony being civil, pointless to even assume that Tony would give Steve a chance to just sit down and explain. But when it came to a man like Tony Stark who always got what he wanted, heard what he wanted, and saw what he wanted, a rift in his perfect bubble was all that was needed for the situation to come crashing down. With the kind of deep pockets Tony has – that he’s always had – every minor inconvenience was just as easy to rid with his money.And for the first time, Tony was faced with a problem he couldn’t buy his way out of, and it made him lash out all too carelessly. When they returned to the States, Steve couldn’t help but be surprised at the general lack of… attention from the public. He knew their fight in Germany caused rumors and criticism rippling through the entire world. The dust had really settled, and for all intents and purposes, the world seems to have moved on. Their pardons promised safety and security, and immunity from being sued for damages – which was something Steve appreciated. They hadn’t left Laos or Leipzig/Halle airport in its peak condition, after all. He met most of the people he had dreaded meeting, Rhodes and Vision included. And while it was liberating to know that they didn’t hold much of a grudge like Steve had expected, there was an underlying tension in the conversation that became more and more difficult to shake off until it was just easier for Steve to steer clear of them. They seemed to respect that, even if they hadn’t said it out loud, their body language was evidence enough. Tony, on the other hand, makes no appearance. Certainly not when Steve was around. Answers to Steve’s questions on the whereabouts of Tony revolved around “Oh, you just missed him.” and it didn’t take long for Steve to catch on to the message. Tony’s absence in meetings were excused because of his priority to Stark Industries, which was the most ridiculous reason, because anyone who knew Tony Stark knew that the man avoided meetings like the plague. So, maybe Tony wasn’t interested in putting the past behind them. And to an extent, Steve could excuse that. Tony didn’t seem to be a forgive-and-forget kind of guy.  Except it’s been three weeks since Steve’s been back, and three weeks still weren’t enough for Tony to put his ego aside and mend their crumbling relationship. Steve had given Tony more than enough time. He doesn’t want to make it harder for Tony to find him, but he’s also had enough spending every waking moment wondering when Tony would bury the hatchet. It had started with an offhand comment from Wanda, that amidst all the superhero business, she never got a chance to explore the country by herself. Which is why, after three weeks of being home and relishing in their return, they eventually decide to part ways.Clint went back to his family, Scott back to his daughter, and Sam back to Washington. Steve, Bucky and Natasha were the last ones to remain, until a week passes and Natasha just doesn’t return one day. Steve had seen it coming, to be honest. Natasha was more of a lone wolf, and it was only a matter of time before she took her newfound freedom to her own advantage. It left Steve and Bucky going back to Brooklyn and using the city to reminisce about old times and lost years. He’s barely spent a day with Bucky when they stumble upon the televised news in a small cafe.  ═════════════The body was found in a homestead, in the middle of a huge farm in Missouri and entirely isolated from civilization. They show an aerial view of the house, and it doesn’t even take a second for the blood to drain from Steve’s face at the sight of the all too familiar structure. The body was found twisted in the most literal sense, spinal cord severed and every single joint bent in all the wrong angles. There are signs of a wife and multiple children, from framed photos to toys scattered across the house, but it seemed like nobody else had been in the home for days, leaving the body to decompose for over a week. There are no documents to confirm John Doe’s identity, his face too deformed for facial recognition. The autopsy reveals that the first attack was aimed at the spinal cord, followed by a gunshot to the forehead, point-blank. 
 You better watch your back with this guy, chances are he's going to break it.  
═════════════The same afternoon, another body 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
not team Cap friendly
Author is Bitter
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
POV Steve Rogers
Unreliable Narrator
Dark Tony Stark
Villain Tony Stark
The Author Regrets Nothing
I'm Serious
i'm very salty
it's a whole mood
kinda because i have a thing for evil tony
Revenge
Not Steve Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
bucky has an open ending

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

