Chapter 1: Natasha
    


Summary:

EDIT: Not quite complete yet but it's my birthday and I'm publishing this shit



Notes:
This will be cross-posted to my Wattpad once I finish the book and it's completely published. (The Wattpad version will have a graphic cover and graphic breaks. AO3 isn't great at having photos that stick around in the work so that's why.Link to the Wattpad (once published):  This will be published every other day if I remember.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Natasha Romanov skimmed through her files, trying desperately to find anything new on her son.
Peter had been kidnapped 12 years ago when he had just been three years old. Natasha had left him with some SHIELD agents when she went on her own mission with Clint and when she came back he was gone and the SHIELD agents were incapacitated. Natasha went on a rampage, desperately trying to find her son but after five years with no luck, Nick Fury told her to look after Tony Stark. Who, coincidentally, was the one who had gotten her pregnant and was Peter father. When she was younger, Natasha wanted to be a mother and when she had that one time thing with Stark, she was utterly shocked when she came out pregnant, seeing as she was sure that the Red Room had blocked out anyway that she possibly could get pregnant. SHIELD supposed that there was a glitch in the system but either way, Natasha was pregnant and this would be the only time she would probably ever get pregnant. So she wasn't about to screw this up. As it was, it took Clint five days to drag her away from Peter and Natasha was half furious at him that he had taken her away from her son. When she was assigned to Stark, she hoped and prayed that the man wouldn't remember her from his past conquests but he did and Natasha slipped up, saying she had a child with him. Stark actually looked excited and Natasha's heart broke a little when she saw Stark's reaction when she told him that Peter had been kidnapped five years ago. Since then, the two hadn't gotten together or anything - Tony had been swept up by Steve Rogers and Natasha had drunkenly flirted her way into a relationship with Virginia "Pepper" Potts - but they stuck close together like siblings. Her relationship with Tony became just about as strong as her relationship with Clint. It was the two most strongest relationships she had her life, and definitely the strongest within the Avengers team. Those were the two people she trusted her life with. When the Avengers were created in 2012, Tony opened his Tower to everyone and they all moved in. They gained a few Avengers as well and Tony had to add another floor to the Tower. There were four floors; a training floor, a recreational/domestic floor, dorm rooms, and another in the middle floor with a bunch of random shit. Everyone fit in and so far, everyone was getting along great. Tony and Steve's relationship was a little rocky but in the end all they had to do was get into each other's beds. Natasha saw that coming. She always see these things coming. But currently, it was New Year's Eve and Natasha was looking at her file on Peter. She had been searching the internet non-stop for 12 years now, going on 13, and she wasn't about to stop. "You know there's a party going on upstairs right?" Natasha startled a little but turned to see Tony leaning against the door frame of her room. She closed the file and gave him a sly smirk. "I know. That's why I thought I wouldn't see you up here," "Ouch," Tony made a fake hurt look and Natasha laughed a little. "That hurt sis," "I know," Natasha flipped her hair and stood, trialing her fingers on the computer desk.Tony looked over her shoulder at the computer and looked at her. "You know, I don't tend to look at folders or search histories or anything, but when it comes to my second favorite person -" "Only second?" Natasha raised an eyebrow. "- has a folder on her dead son, I can't help but sneak a peak," Tony finished. Natasha's jaw tightened. "Tash. Listen for a second okay? We're both shit at talking at our feelings so I'm not going to pretend about this but I'm going to do my best. He's dead okay? There's no way - there's just no way. You and I both know that," "No we don't," Natasha shook her head. "We have no idea if he's -" "Nat," Tony pressed, reaching out to hold her hand and gently rub it. "Friday and Jarvis have been searching for twelve years. My AIs can't even find him. Shield can't find him. The FBI can't find him. He's nowhere. He's a ghost." Natasha looked away, not wanting to face this right now. "Nat, please," Tony tried again. "I just don't want him to be gone," Natasha whispered, a dam breaking as tears started to fall from her eyes. She was always the most vulnerable around Clint and Tony. "All I ever wanted was to be a mother - a real mother - and the one time, the one time I think I will ever get pregnant is the one time I lose him I -" "Come here," Tony dragge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
(past) Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Pepper Potts
The Avengers & Aunt May
Peter Parker/Harley Keener
Peter Parker/Harry Osborn (one-sided)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Sam Wilson/Bucky Barnes

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is a Mess
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is Natasha Romanov's Biological Child
Mother Natasha Romanoff
Protective Natasha Romanv
Protective Tony Stark
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
(Fuck that movie)
Secret Identity
Avengers Family
Protective Avengers
Identity Reveal
Bisexual Tony Stark
Bisexual Natasha Romanoff
Sensory Overload
Non canon compliant
Harley is a little shit
Protective Harley Keener
Not Beta Read
We Die Like Men
Oblivious Peter Parker
Harley Keener knows what's up
Not Harry Osborn friendly
harry's a bit of a dick
Not Flash Thompson redemption
As it is he's barely in here
Peter has a lot of other shit happening
Gang Wars
idk what else to tag

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
(past) Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Pepper Potts
The Avengers & Aunt May
Peter Parker/Harley Keener
Peter Parker/Harry Osborn (one-sided)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Sam Wilson/Bucky Barnes

