Work Text:
0.It starts like this.Charles doesn’t show up for their lunch date. This is not exactly an uncommon occurrence, admittedly, but it’s still October and the term has barely started, and it wouldn’t do to encourage his anti-social tendencies this early on. By now Raven has drunk absolutely all the frappuccinos she can take, and is halfway through her fifth re-read of The Bell Jar and thus needing a break like nobody’s business. Determined to kill two birds with one stone, she gets a tuna melt, two muffins, a packet of crisps, and a marble brownie to go, and heads down to Radcliffe Library.The day is glorious, full of sunshine and the smell of lingering summer, and odds are that the vast majority of students are taking full advantage of the weather – Raven would wager half her monthly allowance that there is barely space to sit in the park right now. It’s where she would be, if Angel didn’t have a tutoring session with Sean, a gangly second year who is failing his psych course abysmally, and who had come begging Angel on his actual knees for help. What that means is that the library is exactly as Charles prefers it – empty and free of distractions. If left to his own devices, he would spend hours there, in his own little space, politely but firmly defending his spot from any encroachment.Really, it’s Raven’s duty to drag him outside for some air, especially if she dangles the lure of tea under his nose – food she can smuggle inside. Drink? Not so much.She is so sure of what she’s going to find when she makes her way to the far corner of the library, that it’s an actual shock to push the door of the study room open and find it not only full of three other strangers, but also the sound of two of said strangers bickering loudly. Meanwhile Charles and a lean, pale man with long black hair absentmindedly caught behind his ears, flip through three-inch-thick books and steal pens and highlighters off each other like they’ve been doing it for years.Raven feels like she has just walked into a twilight zone. She barely suppresses the urge to stomp over to Charles and demand that he tell her about that time she found him blue in the face, convinced that if he thought about it hard enough, he could make his mother move them back to England.(That had been the first time they had met, after his mother remarried and dragged an eight-year-old Charles to her new husband’s estate in Westchester. After meeting Raven, Charles had grudgingly admitted to her that their move was apparently not the fate worse than death that Charles had expected.It’s also Raven’s first happy memory, which perhaps says enough about both of their lives growing up.)Presently, one half of the bickering pair throws his arms in the air and stalks past Raven, blowing out of the door without a second glance. It closes with a louder than appropriate bang, making Raven wince. The other half of the pair slumps back in his chair, looking annoyed as he drags his fingers through his bird’s nest of hair.“He’s got a hell of a temper on him,” he says absently. His tone isn’t entirely decided what emotion it wants to settle on, struggling between apology and affection and exasperated pride. Something about it is enough to tell Raven just what close friends those two probably are.To her further surprise, Charles doesn’t look up and snarl at the guy under cover of asking him if he minds; her brother simply ignores everything that is going on around him. The messy-haired guy doesn’t seem to care. He picks up two paperclips and an elastic band from the jumble of stationery in front of him, and starts to construct something entirely too ambitious for its building blocks.Raven is just about to announce herself by huffing loudly and dumping the food in the middle of Charles’ notes, when her brother starts sniffing the air speculatively, looking up a moment later.“Raven!” he exclaims happily. “Hi! Come meet—uh…”“Tony Stark,” Tony Stark introduces himself expansively. “Most definitely a pleasure to meet you.”He doesn’t offer Raven his hand, but he does look her up and down with the kind of leer that makes her arch a quelling eyebrow (one of the very, very few things she picked up from her stepmother). It makes something in Stark’s face crack open, transforming his expression into a much more genuine grin. Raven wonders if it was some kind of test.“Hi,” she drawls, deciding she doesn’t really care that much. She turns towards the other stranger, curious despite herself.“Loki,” Charles’ study buddy says quietly, catching her look. “Loki Odinson.” He smiles faintly, a wary hesitance in his eyes – like he’s bracing himself.Raven drops the food in front of Charles, and shakes Loki's hand with a cheerful "Hello," and an easy smile. She thinks Loki looks relieved, and wonders with a spike of sympathy how many people have been taken aback by his name, have automatically assumed they know everything about him because of who his family is. Well, she and Charles know all about t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Raven | Mystique/Angel Salvadore
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - College/University
Oxford
the genius household
Misunderstandings
Pets
Homemaking
Nesting
BFFs
Pining
the Oxford-Cambridge rowing rivalry
Mentions of child neglect
playing chess as not-a-euphemism
aggressively eating muffins
paperclip!
stationery love
slightly promiscuous sex
mentions of drug use
drunk sexual escapades
mentions of less-than-ideal parenting
get-together
happy endings
warning: genius at work!
stand back - Tony is trying science
Raven's life is so hard
Stupid Boys
coffee makes everything better

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Raven | Mystique/Angel Salvadore
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

