Chapter 1



Notes:
The amazing cover art was made by PinkAxolotl85!TwitterTumblrGo and give him love, he deserves all of it!




Chapter Text


    And just like that, right in front of him, Odin crumbled. Because Loki had faked his death again, and had decided to take over the throne, had banished Odin to Midgard and cursed him, Odin was dissolving right in front of Thor, into little specks of light that he couldn’t hold, couldn’t hold on to anymore, not with all his might. His father who he had relied on for so long, who had always been this very material presence, strong and unmoveable, just crumbled away. Into nothing but light that fled into the sky.And for a moment, Thor felt dizzy at the sheer scale of the loss. For a moment, he felt like crumbling himself.Then he felt the anger rise.And he felt thankful for this anger, because where before, he had felt like dissolving too, the anger was hot and bright and drew everything into one blazing centre. A centre that had a cause, and a target too.Slowly, he turned to the one he had once called his brother, sparks already running over his hands.‘Loki’ said he, his voice low and dangerous, and Loki noticed the change at once, already looking at him more warily, already preparing to flee your punishment, are you, snake?‘This is your doing.’And fear crossed Loki’s face because he always only feared for himself, the coward, always wiggling away, slippery, treacherous, only this time, Loki had gone too far.‘Thor’ Loki said, eyeing the sparks running up and down his hands. ‘Calm yourself.’‘Calm myself, should I?’ asked Thor and felt the clouds gather, the thunder already close. ‘Talk it through with you maybe, Silvertongue?’Loki, his eyes still on Thor’s hands, slowly took a step backwards, then two.‘You know you can’t control your rage very well’ said he and Thor could hear the nervousness in his voice, could see him duck, and that made his anger only burn brighter, because this snake who couldn’t even face what he had done, had been their father’s undoing, and-Thunder rumbled, close now.Loki flinched, paled.He took another step back.Another thunder, Thor felt the power of lightning run through him, and now he felt strong again, now he felt right – Loki’s eyes widened, his face lost the rest of its colour, he turned around, ran.And Thor watched him run quickly, desperately, and knew as something built up inside him that this time, Loki wouldn’t get away, this time he wouldn’t get anywhere, Thor screamed, power filled him until he was bursting, power that wanted out-White light arched from the sky in a strange beauty and connected with Loki’s chest, just for a moment, the sky brightening abruptly.He could see Loki fly through the air, propelled like a doll across the cliff on which they were standing, saw him hit the ground.Then, the light was gone.Thor was breathing quickly, feeling lighter for some reason, suddenly very tired at the same time.He had needed this, he realised. He had been needing this for a long time.Maybe now they could start anew. Only the body on the ground didn’t move.It had just dropped there, limply, and didn’t move.It started to rain before Thor could shake himself out of his paralysis. He first walked, then ran. He expected Loki to jump up and fight him, to curl into himself, to curse him, to scream.To twitch at least.The body did nothing.And then Thor had reached that limp heap, ‘Loki’ shouted he, ‘by the Norns, get up!’.Loki had fallen to his side, his face turned into the wet earth, the arm he was lying on standing up somewhat awkwardly underneath the other. The wrist at an odd angle. His fingers curled.Thor grabbed his brother by the shoulder, pulled.The body was heavy and slack, and neither helped him nor protested.His mouth was open, as were his eyes. Thor cradled his face that was so strangely still.‘Loki’ said he. ‘Stop your trickery.’The face, somehow, still looked scared, no, terrorised even, even though the eyes were empty. Unseeing.‘I won’t fall for this a third time’ Thor said. ‘Stop your trickery at once.’The body didn’t respond in any way.‘I won’t believe it’ Thor said, holding a hand over Loki’s mouth, expecting to feel breath. ‘You hear me? I won’t believe it this time.’He felt nothing.But what did that mean? He felt for Loki’s pulse, on the neck.Nothing. Nothing at all.‘Get up!’ shouted he at his brother, shaking him, the head just lolling with the movement. ‘I won’t believe it, whatever illusions you are weaving, so get up!’The face looked so scared.Thor laid his ear on Loki’s chest, closed his eyes, listened for any sound, waited for any movement.He screamed when he realised he was hearing nothing, feeling nothing, he straightened himself up and shook Loki again, ‘Do you hear me? I said GET UP!’He was shaking a body. He was shaking just a body.He stopped, then stroked over Loki’s arms. The clothing wasn’t even burned much, or at least not that he could tell. He would have expected it at least to be burned.And then he re
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Steve Rogers
Thor/Constant Reframing
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki/Tony Stark
not sure how sexual these ships are gonna be
except for Thor/Constant Reframing
those two are like bunnies
no Loki/Thor in any way

freeform: 
Violence
Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Abusive Relationships
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Electrocution
Temporary Character Death
sort of depending on your definition of death
look I like killing Loki and bringing him back a lot
Self-Indulgent
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Torture
Amnesia
Mind Control
Self-Harm
Suicide Attempt
Medical Procedures
as always my description of medical procedures is faulty
Not Thor friendly
Abusive Thor
I mean he's not evil but like he's really
red flag parade Thor
Thanos is the villain but Thor the main antagonist
Protective Avengers
Loki (Marvel)-centric
Poor Loki (Marvel)
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Warning: Loki (Marvel)
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Not Canon Compliant
I bear the mark of the evil author
so I promise I’ll kill Thanos but you’ll have to live with Thor
which you won't enjoy
Consent Issues
Depression
Dubious Consent
Unreliable Narrator
Disabled Character
Chronic Illness
I will never truly understand the concept of 'too much whump'
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
not a quick fix-it
Genderfluid Character
Amputation
Ambiguous/Open Ending
Hopeful Ending
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Poor Everyone
Terminal Illnesses
(not ending in death)
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Mental Health Issues
not heimdall friendly
no permanent major character death
Mention of suicide of an oc
Brain Damage

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Steve Rogers
Thor/Constant Reframing
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki/Tony Stark
not sure how sexual these ships are gonna be
except for Thor/Constant Reframing
those two are like bunnies
no Loki/Thor in any way

