Chapter 1: Nothing More Than A Minor Setback
    




Chapter Text

     Damian scours down at the streets below from his perch on the corner of a rooftop. He was on a mission, and he couldn’t disappoint his mother.  Or the Hand, for that matter. Those were the ones who had technically assigned the mission, after all.

 

     Damian had known that the League of Assassins had had the technology necessary for dimensional travel for 

centuries

, but he hadn’t known that the League and this Hand had been… communicating for all of that time. In fact, he hadn’t known a thing about the Hand until just a few days prior, when his mother had told him of his assignment. Apparently she owed the Hand a favor, and she felt that the mission would be suitable for her young son. 

 

     The Hand were a bit miffed when Damian had arrived rather than Talia herself, but a letter written in her handwriting and bearing his grandfather’s seal was enough to convince them. If Talia had thought her nine year old son to be up to the task, then the Hand would at least give him a chance. And Damian was absolutely determined to make sure they wouldn’t regret that decision. He’d prove he could do it. 

 

     The assignment? Simple. Kill Matt Murdock, a blind lawyer. Damian was a bit miffed at the idea that the Hand had cashed in their favor on 

that

. Surely it couldn’t be 

that

 hard. 

 

      Damian pauses when he catches sight of his target. The man certainly looks harmless. He walks down the street, tapping a stick on the ground as he does, eyes covered by a pair of thick red lensed glasses. He had strict instructions to make it look like an accident if in public. Damian toys with the idea of waiting until Murdock was alone so that he could stab him himself, but the sooner he got this over with, the better. His mother was not the most patient woman in the world.

 

     Damian drops down to street level. He hated wearing… civilian clothing. The jeans were tight against his waist, and combined with the dark oversized hoodie, his movement was not at optimal levels. However, it would have to do. 

 

     Damian runs through the crowd, heading straight for the blind man. There was a semi truck conveniently heading down the street. If Damian’s timing was perfect, which it of course would be, he could simply push the blind man into the semi. 

 

     The only flaw in his plan was that the blind man side steps out of Damian’s way before he could do anything. Unprepared, Damian embarrassingly lands on the ground, hitting it with his shoulder hard. He blinks. His arm was definitely bleeding, but it wasn’t the worst pain he’d ever felt.

 

     “Are you alright?” Murdock tilts his head, pausing, his eyes facing Damian’s general location, but not quite hitting the mark. 

 

     “Tt,” Damian stands back up without so much as a wince, even if it did hurt. “I’m fine.”

 

     Damian turns around and heads into an alley, not so much as hesitating as he climbs up a fire escape and onto the roof. He pears over the edge, catching sight of Murdock easily. The man was not hard to pick out from a crowd. 

 

     Obviously pushing the man in front of a semi hadn’t gone the way Damian had hoped it would. Unfortunate, but a minor setback. He could always find another way. 

 

     The man suddenly takes a sharp turn into an alleyway. Damian perks up. Maybe having missed the semi was a good thing. Nobody would be watching in an alley. Damian wouldn’t 

have

 to make it look like an accident in the alleyway. 

 

     Damian drops down silently, landing lightly on the edge of a dumpster. He watches for a second, eyes narrowed. Murdock pauses, and Damian can’t tell if it’s because he can tell he’s there, or if it’s some other reason. 

 

     He finds out it’s the former when the man speaks. “You’re just a kid.”

 

     Damian jumps to the ground, pulling out his sword. “I am not a child!” He shouts out, utterly offended at the 

audacity

 of the man. A 

kid?

 Him? 

 

     “Right,” The man turns around with a frown, facing Damian’s direction. “Do I get to at least know who’s going to try and kill me then?”

 

     “Tt. I am Damian Al Ghul, heir to the Demon’s Head. You should be 

honored

 to be killed by me,” Damian spits out, and then he lunges. 

 

     To Damian’s utter surprise, the man manages to dodge. Damian suddenly finds himself with a jab to the ribs. He hisses, spinning around to find Murdock in a defensive stance. 

 

     “Listen kid, I don’t want to hurt you,” Murdock frowns. 

 

     “Then you will perish,” Damian lunges yet again, using his smaller size to his advantage. He manages to give the man a good slice on his leg. Unfortunately, it does little to slow the older man down. 

 

     "Somehow I doubt that," The man grunts, using his stick to knock the sword from Damian’s hand. The nine year old gains a sinking realization as to why the Hand had pawned this assignment off to the League of Assassins. Nevert
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Damian Wayne

freeform: 
Damian is nine
And an assassin boi
Damian Wayne is Not Robin
Human Disaster Matt Murdock
Protective Matt Murdock
Damian Wayne is Bad at Feelings
Damian probably really needs a hug
so does matt
Maybe they'll get one idk I haven't gotten there yet
Entirely self indulgence
Matt Murdock is Daredevil
Damian is planning some murder because he's bby but still an assassin
Oh and the Hand are involved too I guess
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Matt is trying his best

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Damian Wayne

