Work Text:
“I’m sorry, can you repeat that? I think my mental fantasies are interfering with my real life again.” Because there’s no way Steve just said that. Tony’s not that lucky.“Tony,” Steve says, an edge of annoyance in his tone. It’s a clear sign to tread carefully since Steve’s patience usually borders on unlimited. “Be serious.”“I was being completely serious. Some days I remain unconvinced that you didn’t step out of an adolescent wet dream.” Steve crosses his arms but looks reluctantly amused. He wears that expression around Tony a lot. “Also, I was completely serious about you repeating that, because if we can’t even talk about it, then it sure as hell isn’t happening.”That makes Steve go thoughtful. He picks up and cradles the steaming coffee mug that he brought into the workshop. “I want you to tie me up,” Steve says finally, voice steady even as he refuses to meet Tony’s eyes.“Uh-huh. That’s what I thought you said,” Tony replies. “You mean, ‘I want you to tie me up during sex’.”“Yes,” Steve agrees, blushing faintly along his cheekbones. The word no longer makes Steve twitch with shock, but Tony doesn’t think he’ll ever stop reacting with a hint of embarrassment, courtesy of his early upbringing. Tony hopes not, anyway. He’s cute when he blushes.“Okay, then,” Tony says, and Steve blinks in surprise.“That’s it? I thought we needed to talk about it.”“No,” Tony disagrees, “I just said we had to be able to talk about it. You’ll have a safeword, though. That’s non-negotiable. You know what a safeword is?”Steve nods earnestly. “I did some reading.”“Good,” Tony says, “What else did you learn?”“Safe, sane and consensual,” Steve replies immediately. That’s clearly a lesson committed to heart and not just to memory. “Also, there’s a lot of really weird stuff on the internet.”Tony snorts, “That’s an understatement.” He focuses on his computer screen again, trying to remember what he’d been working on before Steve had interrupted, but his brain is stuck on the image of broad cuffs surrounding Steve’s wrists.Steve fidgets for a few minutes and then asks, “And you’re okay with this?”“Uh, yeah, I’m okay. Okay might be an understatement,” Tony admits, and Steve smiles.“Good. Because, well. I’m not exactly sure how to go about it.” He pauses, his expression the same as when he’s considering the best strategy to use in a fight, and then shrugs, “I mean, most restraints won’t hold me.”Tony mentally trashes the few scenarios he’d been running in his head for something with a little more substance. “I’m sure I can come up with something.”“Okay,” Steve says, shy and pleased. He gets up and kisses Tony on the cheek before wandering out again. It’s just a brief press of warm lips, but Steve’s casual acts of affection have always meant more to him than any grand romantic gesture.He rotates the schematic currently open on his computer, and then stops kidding himself. It’s not like he’s going to be able to concentrate on anything but Steve after that conversation, so he closes it down. It shouldn’t take that long to hack into S.H.E.I.L.D. and find the force tolerance of their heaviest restraints.*Despite the fact that it almost kills him - patience has never been Tony’s strength - he waits a few days after his newly made restraints are finished before bringing up the subject. As much as it hurts to put off what Tony suspects is going to be really spectacular sex, it’s worth it for the shy, curious look that Steve gives him at times even though he doesn’t say anything.“So,” Tony says, drawing out the sound and pausing until Steve looks up from the paper he’s reading. “I made you something. Want to come try it out?”Steve is confused for a split second, and then it’s a toss up between scandalized and hopeful. “Are you talking about...” he trails off while looking around the empty kitchen as if someone might be lying in wait to hear them say something kinky.“Unless you’ve changed your mind,” Tony says casually, and Steve stands to follow him so fast that he actually knocks his chair over. He rights it, blushing, but meets Tony’s eyes and doesn’t hesitate.“Take off your clothes,” Tony says when they’re in his bedroom behind locked doors. Steve strips with an efficiency that Tony has only ever seen in people with military training. He’s not trying to be seductive, but Tony can’t help but watch appreciatively as all that skin is revealed. “Very nice,” he approves and motions Steve over to the bed.Steve walks over and eyes the upgrades Tony’s installed into the bed frame, the thick black chords attached to broad metallic cuffs. He’s also reinforced the structure and bolted it into the floor joists, but those changes aren’t as visible.Tony takes one of the wrist cuffs and snaps it into place, watching Steve’s face as the metal telescopes open, sending sheets of metal reaching out until it’s the size of a cast and covering most of his forearm.Steve flexes and the metal shingles shift just enough to prevent bruising - no matter how
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bondage
Sex Toys
Plot What Plot
Kink Negotiation
Safewords
Safe Sane and Consensual
Biting
Bruises
Vibrators
Multiple Orgasms

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

