Work Text:
"So what do you have for me, Harry? Find anything?"Harry Potter, SHIELD's consultant on the paranormal, smiled at her from across the table. "Yes I did, Natasha. Yes I did." She allowed herself to grin. Finally! She knew it had been a good decision to come to him with this. If anything could provide an answer to her particular problem, magic was it."You mean it?" she asked, clearing her throat and looking at him seriously. "You've found a way to reverse what the Red Room did to me?""Yes," he said. "There is a spell that will allow you to get pregnant. Obviously you still have to go through the act of being impregnated just like any other woman would, but the spell will reverse what was done to you.""Great," she said. She kept her voice even but her heart was singing. She'd put the idea of having children out of her head for years; it had seemed like an impossible pipe dream, and she'd had a job to do and a world to protect anyway. But Thanos was gone; they'd defeated him in Wakanda, the combination of Harry's magic and Thor's new weapon proving to be enough to stop the lunatic before he could carry out his plan that would have killed half of all life in the galaxy. "Cast it on me."There was nothing like coming out the other side of a battle to literally save the galaxy to change your priorities. The war was won, Thanos was gone and the galaxy had been saved. Now Natasha was ready to be selfish, and what she wanted more than anything was to have a child."It's not quite that simple," he said. "I'm not just going to be able to wave my wand at you and restore your ability to conceive and carry a child to term. There's a bit more to it than that.""Like what?" she asked. "We have to get some kind of special ingredient or something? Whatever it is, I can go get it. I'll find it, wherever it is." She'd traveled all over the world and fought any number of dangerous opponents both human and inhuman in the name of her job. If she needed to do the same in order to undo what had been done to her in the Red Room, so be it.But Harry grinned and shook his head, so it seemed that this wasn't actually what he meant."No, it's nothing like that," he said. "There's a ritual that I can perform; once it's completed you'll be able to get impregnated under one specific circumstance. We would need a certain 'ingredient' for the ritual, but I know exactly where you can get what you'll need. There are plenty of sources you could get it from, actually.""Then what's the big deal?" she asked. "Let's do it." He chuckled at that, which she didn't really understand. She would soon enough though."Maybe I should explain the specifics of the ritual itself before you make any decisions," he said. "Why don't you sit down and relax?"Natasha took the seat on the other side of Harry's desk. She was impatient to get on with this, but simply grabbing him and demanding he get to work probably wouldn't be productive. She also doubted she could threaten or force him to do anything. As dangerous as she was, she'd seen a bit of what he could do with a wand in his hand."So tell me about this ritual," she said. "What's it all about? Is it going to be hard for you to do?""Not really," he said, shrugging. "It might be difficult for the average wizard but, well, not to brag or anything but I'm not exactly average." She just nodded, knowing that he really wasn't bragging but was just stating a simple fact. She'd seen his file; she knew that he was exceptionally powerful even amongst his own people. He was something of a legend in the magical section of Europe from what she understood."Basically there are only two things you need to know," he said. "The first is that before I were to begin, you would need to be absolutely covered in the cum of the would-be father of your child. That's essential.""I see." At first she thought he was joking, but he was looking at her completely seriously. He also didn't strike her as the sort of person who would make a joke out of this, not when he knew how important this was to her. He was telling the truth. "And what's the second thing?""The would be father has to be magical," he explained. "It doesn't have to be the same person who casts the spell. It can be, but it's not necessary. All that matters is that the wizard who you want to be the father first covers your body in his semen. Once that's done the spell can be performed, and then the father can get to work on putting a child inside of you.""That's all there is to it?" she asked."That's it," he confirmed with a nod."And how soon could you arrange for this ritual to be performed?""Theoretically I could do it right now," he said, "as long as you had the father here in the room, or wherever you wanted to do it.""Hmm." Natasha thought that over for a few heartbeats, but there really wasn't much reason for her to delay. "So how would you like to be a father, Harry?" His face didn't register much surprise at the bold suggestion; maybe he'd thought it was as obvious an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

freeform: 
Crossover
Explicit Sexual Content
Ritual Sex
Bukkake
Come Eating
Oral Sex
Deepthroating
Facials
Doggy Style
Creampie
Mating Press
Breeding
Impregnation

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

