Work Text:
Thor slumped from his car, reaching the door but barely able to raise his arm to unlock it. Exhaustion was ninety percent a manual labourer’s job description, true, but today had been particularly trying and he was drained. There was a silver lining in this, however, as he had a day off tomorrow. He could rest all he wanted, and he had already made the perfect plan for the night while driving back, too: he would eat the delicious food Loki cooked, take a quick shower, and then collapse onto the bed to hibernate.But when he opened the door, no smell of food wafted through the air to greet him. Strange.There was no sign of Loki in the kitchen or the living room, so Thor went upstairs to their bedroom. The door was slightly ajar, and he pushed it open cautiously. ‘Loki?’Loki’s response was a soft gasp, and he spun around to face Thor. The sight of him made Thor take a step back in shock—very few things that Loki did surprised him any more, but this was definitely one of them.He had never expected that Loki would be into crossdressing.Loki was wearing a black corset decorated with green ribbons that ran from his chest to just above his hip bones, and it made his already trim waist even smaller. Below that was a frilly thing that was a poor excuse of a skirt, for it only just covered the apex of Loki’s thighs and didn’t even reach the fullest part of his arse. Fishnet stockings ran along the length of Loki’s legs, the lean muscles there highlighted by the way he was perched on a pair of six-inch platform stilettos.Thor tore his eyes away from Loki’s body so that he could gauge his reaction at being interrupted. Loki was blushing and his eyes were wide, but that was all that Thor could register before becoming distracted by how different Loki looked. His hair hung in loose, messy curls around his face, the intense green of his irises were brought out by the rim of black eyeliner Loki had perfectly applied, and most striking of all, his slightly parted lips were painted a bright shade of red.The sight of Loki wearing women’s clothes and makeup should be ridiculous, but he looked utterly irresistible.‘What’s this?’ He was careful to keep his tone light, unsure if he had trespassed and invaded on Loki’s privacy.But Loki’s answer proved him wrong. Loki bit his lip, drew his eyebrows together, and said with an apology written over his face, ‘I didn’t—I didn’t think you’d be back so soon, Daddy.’Oh. So Loki had planned this. Loki wanted to play.This realisation made heat build up in Thor’s groin and he could feel his cock twitch with interest. Instantly, he forgot how tired he was from the day and decided that oh, yes, he would play along.He curled his arms slightly, brought his elbows outwards and stalked to Loki as menacingly as he knew how.‘Really?’ Thor thundered, pitching his voice low. ‘It’s almost an hour after the time I’d usually get back, did you know?’Loki did not answer him. He shied away from Thor, matching him step for step until he was backed up against the wall, trapped by Thor’s body pressing against him. On his heels, he stood a little taller than Thor, but this added height gave him no advantage at all when Thor’s bulk dwarfed him so easily.‘You’ve been in front of the mirror this whole time, haven’t you? Looking at yourself?’‘Y-yes, Daddy.’‘Well then, tell me what you saw. What kept your attention so long that your little head forgot to make me dinner?’‘Daddy—Daddy, I’m sorry, I—’ His breath hitched and his eyes grew bright with unshed tears. Damn, Loki was good at this.‘Shh, shh.’ Thor rubbed his thumb deceptively gently over Loki’s cheekbone. ‘Be a good boy for me and answer my questions, hmm?’Loki bit his lip and nodded.‘What did you think when you looked at yourself in the mirror?’‘I liked the way I looked, Daddy, I wanted to be pretty for you.’ Loki lowered his head and peered at Thor through his lashes. ‘I touched myself thinking about you, imagining it was your hands on me, but it wasn’t the same.’Loki’s words created a beautiful picture in Thor’s mind. Thor could see Loki lying on the bed, half-dressed in these clothes and looking at himself in the mirror, jerking his cock and twisting his nipples through the corset. Maybe he stuffed his fingers inside himself, too, imagining Thor was fucking him. Thor wanted to drop everything, turn Loki around and do just that—but he would wait. It was always worth it if he let their scenes be drawn out.‘Really?’ Thor nudged a knee between Loki’s legs, forcing him to spread them. They were now eye level to each other. ‘Where did you want me to touch you?’‘Everywhere, Daddy.’ Loki brought shaking hands up to Thor’s biceps, running his fingers lightly over Thor’s skin. ‘I wanted your hands around my waist, throwing me onto the bed; I wanted your fingers stretching me, preparing me to take your big, hard cock and I wanted you to hold me open as you fucked me until I screamed.’As he spoke, Loki’s hips seemed to move of their own accord, undulating ag
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
30 Day OTP Porn Challenge
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Sexual Roleplay
BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom Thor
Sub Loki
Size Kink
Daddy Kink
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Face-Fucking
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Spanking
Anal Sex
Mirror Sex
Dirty Talk
Crossdressing
Feminization
Corsetry
Lingerie
Safe Sane and Consensual
Alternate Universe - Human

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

