Chapter 1: The Wharf
    




Chapter Text
He hit the ground at a sharp angle. The air in his lungs expelled so swiftly his eyes inadvertently burned with tears. His ribs ached as he rolled to his front, covering his arms over his head on instinct. That hurt. What the hell happened? He wasn’t in his armor… Had he been in his armor?Glancing up with wary resignation, Tony felt woozy and nauseous. A bright light swung above him. His ears rang with surprised and angry shouts. He couldn’t understand what they were saying. The tell tale echo of SHIELD-issued boots tapping on the immaculate floor, surrounding him. Weapons drawn, safety triggers disabled.“Only Iron Man could break into SHIELD.” Steve’s voice came from his left, a calming beacon slicing through chaos. "So, Tony Stark really is Iron Man.”Tony tried to focus on him, but the words still didn’t make much sense. Of course he’s Iron Man. Like, duh.Steve loomed in front of him, shield slung over one arm- wait, his old shield. What? And he was pointing a gun directly at Tony’s forehead. Tony blinked, shaking his head and began weakly thumping his chest until he felt the steady hum of the arc reactor beneath his palm. Okay, not dreaming then.After a long moment he managed to fold up on his knees and grunt, “What the hell happened, Steve? Are you alright?”Cornflower blue eyes stared blankly back at him, the normally friendly and expressive face morphed into something he didn’t recognize. Next thing he knew his arms were being lurched painfully behind his back by some nameless agent. He bit his tongue to suppress a shout. They didn’t have to be so rough. What was going on? Dammit, what was Fury pissed at him about this time?Handcuffs restricted his blood flow, a hand he couldn’t see tugged sharply on his hair to force his head back. Orders, chaos and adrenaline made his vision turn spotty. Tony was then dragged to some random room of SHIELD’s headquarters. He was thrown down onto a bench without further aplomb.The back of his skull cracked painfully on the metal, he hissed. Why was Steve letting them rough house him? Normally Cap was overbearingly protective on the best of days. Tony was still not certain if this was some sort of practical joke- because if so, again, Steve would never let them harm him.Tony idly recognized his surrounding. He'd just been in this conference area not even two days ago. Was it two days? How had he gotten back here? Oh, yeah. He’d been at the Tower, screwing around in Bruce’s lab with that artifact. Oh hell. The dots connected and Tony drew in a deep breath.He’d touched the necklace that Thor and Steve and Bruce had kinda mentioned, multiple times, not to touch.Magic. God damn he hated magic, Tony thought belatedly. Fury smiled over his crumpled form with something akin to triumph. He'd never seen the man so pleased to see him.“So we finally caught you.” Fury’s voice practically purred. “Don’t know how you ended up right on our doorstep, Iron Man. Or should I say, Tony Stark?”Tony raised an eyebrow in disbelief at the theatrics, “Seriously, Fury? Are you high? Have you been smoking crack?”Fury’s eyes narrowed as he quietly snarled, “Oh, you felt we should have captured you sooner?”“Captured?” Tony repeated with emphasis. “I know you get pissy when I stay in my lab for more than three days, but you don’t really need to capture me, Fury. I’m kinda here every other day of the week for debriefings, dude.”“So you’ll admit you're Iron Man?” Fury demanded.The room was quiet for a moment until Tony rambled, “What the hell am I in trouble for this time? Seriously. Okay, so I totally did exactly as Steve and Bruce and Thor told me not to. Yeah. I admit that." Tony glanced at a very unimpressed Captain America before cringing. "Guilty as charged to that offense. I didn’t mean to -actually- touch Thor’s relic-thingy, I was just putting it through the gamma ray spectrometer to measure its frankly bizarre and uncategorizable parametrization-““Answer the question, Stark.” This time Steve strode forward, his masculine jawline tucked toward his chest as he downright glowered at Tony.Tony flinched when his eyes locked on Steve’s, sincerely taken aback. Tony managed to utter a confused, “Steve?”Captain America squared his shoulders and glared balefully towards Tony with an expression that could’ve made even the bravest soldier want to burst into tears. That tone, Tony thought. He used that tone when he was trying to reign in his anger and it wasn’t working.Steve nearly spat on Tony as he bellowed, “How dare you call me by my given name, you genocidal maniac!”“Huh?” Tony was not on his best form. He was feeling a little concussed, a lot nauseous, and very concerned for his current safety. “What is going on here? Am I being Punked?”“We are arresting you for numerous crimes against humanity-“ Fury smirked as he paced back and forth, continuing to talk. But Tony didn’t hear the list. He was too busy staring around the room, gathering his bearings, and no
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Time Travel
Dimension Travel
Established Relationship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Steve Rogers
Except Other-Steve is kind of a dick
And Tony deserves his friends & lover
But Other-Steve was Naive
And Thor shouldn't bring Asgardian relics to Earth

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

