Work Text:


Soul on Fire


Initially, Tony is wary of having the team around more or less twenty-four-seven despite the half dozen floors between his penthouse and the guest levels.It’s not that he actively dislikes them or that he doesn’t trust them to have his back in the field or to be around him under normal circumstances, but they wouldn’t be the first good people to turn savage and greedy upon discovering his true nature.Case in point; the man Tony considered a father for longer than he ever knew his biological parents quite literally trying to rip his heart out of his chest. Not exactly fun times or something Tony wants a repeat of anytime soon.As it turns out, however, even the Avengers only see what they want to see. Or they see but they don’t observe.Whatever.The important bit is that Tony’s secret is safe.

***
“Dude. What?”Tony glances up at Clint, giving an inquiring sort of grunt around the spoon he’s got crammed into his mouth.“Nothing?” Clint demands, both eyebrows rising in incredulity and a hefty dose of disbelief.“Uh,” Tony says eloquently, then clears his throat and adds, “it’s nice?”Clint’s mouth drops open. “Nice? Nice?”“Yes?”“I can’t-“ Clint is shaking his head, slowly backing out of the kitchen. “You’re crazy, Stark.”Frowning, Tony flips the jar of sauce around in his hand to read the back.“The Carolina Reaper is considered the hottest chilli in the world, averaging around one point five million on the Scoville scale with peak levels of over two million Scoville Heat Units and oh.”Shrugging, he eats another spoonful.

***
Thor reappears out of the blue to drop a much more subdued and almost docile Loki on the Avengers’ doorstep.No one is particularly happy with that development until Thor explains about someone he calls the Mad Titan, making Loki flinch and twitch next to him, and how his brother was coerced into leading the Chitauri invasion under threat of things Tony decides to blank out in his head and with the help of a mind control spell similar in nature to the one used on Barton and Selvig.And now, apparently, the God of Mischief is in dire need of a secure location to hide while the Æsir go off to make war against yet another alien army.“My brother is eager to assist in repairing the destruction he has caused to your realm,” Thor booms, grinning that thousand watt smile of his that makes it incredibly hard to tell him no. “Loki is an excellent tutor and willing to work with your local sorcerers. It has come to my attention that Midgard is not a world advanced in the studies of magic and could benefit greatly from such an arrangement.”At the mention of magic, Loki subtly turns to face Tony, regarding him with his head tilted and eyes narrowed curiously.Tony puts on his most innocent expression and Loki looks away again.

***
“There is not a trace of the sedative left,” Bruce says, forehead wrinkling in confusion as he squints at the results of Tony’s blood tests. “None at all.”Tony hops down from where he’d been perched on Bruce’s desk, grinning brightly. “Well, that’s good, isn’t it?”“It’s odd,” Bruce corrects and takes off his glasses, cleaning them on his shirt. “That stuff was supposed to be strong enough to take out the Other Guy.”“I got lucky,” Tony shrugs and Bruce, while looking sceptical, doesn’t have much choice but to agree.

***
Loki is pacing in Tony’s workshop, gesturing wildly with a childishly excited expression on his face as he demonstrates parallels between the use of energy in spell crafting and cellular respiration, holographic displays filled with his neatly constructed formulas swirling around the two of them.Tony watches and when Loki walks by close enough he catches his arm and whirls him around, reeling him in for a kiss.They fuck with Tony bent over one of his worktables, both fully dressed apart from the pants hastily shoved down around their knees.Later, upstairs in his bedroom, Tony rides Loki until he screams and gets punched in the gut for gloating about bedding a God.The team isn’t exactly surprised to hear about their change in relationship status. There’s a lot of eye-rolling involved in their big revelation.

***
“Tony!” Steve is screaming over the comms, his footsteps echoing. “Hang on!”Figures he’d be attacked out of his suit the one time Loki isn’t around to teleport his stupid ass to safety, Tony thinks and winces, uselessly glaring down at his shattered arm.    Steve hovers over him all the way back to headquarters and practically drags him down to medical.By the time the X-rays are done, the doctor announces the worst of the damage to be a single, clean break and calls Tony lucky. He’s allowed to leave after sitting through Steve cleaning and putting gauze on the worst of his various burns, scraps and cuts.Tony spends the following week alone at the Malibu house under the guise of getting some rest and sun so he doesn’t have to explain most of the fire-induced injuries being gone by the next morning.His ulna is knit back together afte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Dragons
Secret Identity
Dragon Tony
Tony-centric
Tony Feels
Avenger Loki
Avengers Shenanigans
Oblivious Avengers
Implied Prejudice
Fluff and Crack
Domestic Fluff
Light Angst
sould bond
Happy Ending
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

