Work Text:
Steve can pinpoint the exact moment Tony spots him; it's in the way he squares his shoulders ever so slightly, his body straightening not from confidence but from the sudden urge to hide his unease; the way Tony's facial features tighten in an attempt to hold the devil-may-care attitude on his face, and it's in the way Tony steals a second glance another moment later as if ensuring that Steve was really there. Tony seems to be in no hurry to finish his conversation with the suits. In fact, Steve notices Tony’s suddenly speaking to the men more than they are to him, using every pause in the conversation to fill it with his own words. Delaying his inevitable interaction with Steve. Tony’s smiles and laughs are strained, and even from a distance, he can see the tremors in Tony’s hand, even if the other men can’t. It’s easy to miss because they’re not familiar with Tony the way Steve is, easy to miss because they haven’t been able to know and love Tony like Steve did. Looking at him now, it makes Steve feel absolutely gutted knowing that it’s his presence pushing Tony’s unease. Once upon a time, the sight of Tony’s face lighting up in Steve’s presence was the only thing that got him through the worst of days and the harshest of battles. It always rekindled the distant, almost foreign memory of Tony’s father who had always been there for Steve. Tony was different from Howard in a lot of ways – they would have been two different men if they hadn’t shared the same last name. Howard had a certain kind of charisma that allowed him to be instantly liked by everyone around him, whereas Tony relied on snark and dismissive jabs to deliberately remind people he was above them. It had struck Steve in that moment how self-centered Tony was. Following that revelation, the next two years had really opened Steve’s eyes to the man that Tony was – the man’s persona explicitly went against all of Steve’s hopes and expectations of a Stark, but Steve dealt with him anyway. Steve knew Tony was smart enough to realize that Steve loved him when no one else could. After a painfully minute, Tony gives the men firm handshakes, bidding them goodbye. Steve's awkwardly stood a few feet away from him, expecting Tony to make the first move. At this point, even the smallest movement from Tony could pave way for hope that maybe Steve didn’t lose him the way he’s been dreading the past few weeks. He couldn’t afford to be so careless and let Tony slip through his fingers like that. Tony watches the men as they walk in Steve's direction, and when they turn the corner and move out of sight, Tony’s gaze travels to Steve, and it’s like Steve’s suddenly forgotten how to read Tony. Tony’s looking at Steve in the way a man looks at a stranger. Like Steve’s one of the thousands of faces Tony’s forced to meet every day, from matters that concern Stark Industries to maintaining his ties with the US government. Like Steve’s suddenly not worth Tony’s time. There are several flaws in Tony that he had overlooked during their relationship, all in the name of loving the man. For all intents and purposes, his lover had an ego that reached the skies, a fraction of it personified in the shape of a tower smack-middle of New York City, had a crippling need to ensure the world revolved around him and demands – and Steve had ignored all that, because his mind was clouded with burning love for Tony, and at the end of the day, Tony was always on his side. They were a team. Just like Howard and Steve had been a team once, and Howard never gave up on his search for Steve. He doesn’t expect Tony to give up on him either. “Tony,” Steve says. The name feels like a breath of relief after spending weeks longing for Tony’s touch. He takes a few cautious steps forward, desperate to close the space between them. “You look good.” Tony smiles, and Steve knows in a moment that it’s fake. “I know better than to weep over burnt bridges.” The words feel like a slap to his face. It’s one thing that he hoped Tony would put the past where it belongs, brush it aside as one of the many bumps on their road, but it’s a whole other thing realizing that it hadn’t even taken a split second for Tony to blatantly terminate their relationship. It’s been  weeks  since they last saw each other. Siberia was not a good way to end things, and Steve had  tried to reach out and apologize in a letter that never got a response. He’d expected a conversation with Tony where they could talk things out, where Steve could make him understand without being weighed down by an overwhelming tension in the air like the one in Siberia. “We can mend it, Tony,” Steve says, and he’s walked close enough that he could just take Tony’s hands in his own. That’s all he’d have to do to feel like he’s  home again. “We can talk it out. Things can go back to the way they were.” Tony laughs derisively. It feels  wrong that Steve is on the receiving end of it. “Go back to the way they were?” Tony asks, and his voice is ac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Hurt Tony Stark
Unreliable Narrator
Really Fucking Unreliable
because
POV Steve Rogers
Post-Betrayal
Secrets
steve gets his ass handed to him in the end
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

