Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
       “You know, Rogers,” Tony said nonchalantly, “we’re a match made in heaven.”Steve glowered at him and violently tugged at the handcuffs holding his arms up, but there was little else he could do. He was sitting on the bare floor, still in t-shirt and slacks from his run; his wrists were clasped in strong stainless steel manacles he couldn’t wrench apart. A thick Kevlar muzzle was strapped tight over his mouth, buckled behind his head and under his jaw.Tony wasn’t even looking at him; he was watching several displays of Steve thrashing the bag in the gym, Steve doing push-ups one-handed, Steve sparring with Natasha, Steve running endlessly under the rising sun.“You’re a miracle of science,” Tony went on, “and I’m a man of science. I’m supposed to question miracles, take them apart, see what makes them tick. Besides, my dear old daddy practically made you—you’re a family heirloom, and I made a living out of stretching the limits of his legacy.”He finally looked at Steve, with a gleeful sparkle in his dark eyes. “What I’m saying, Cap, is that I’m meant to make you sweat.”Steve snorted in a clearly doubtful tone. Tony raised his eyebrows, then walked across the room to crouch in front of him.“If I take off the muzzle,” he said, “will you bite me?”Steve’s glare could have pierced through solid concrete, but it only made Tony grin more brightly.“Guess I’ll risk it.”He extended his hand, but Steve was tucking his chin in to glower at him, making it impossible to reach the buckle under his jaw. Tony huffed a little, then snapped his fingers in front of Steve’s eyes. “Chin up, Rogers, I haven’t got all day.” He gave him little slaps on the cheek, annoyed. “Come on.”Steve felt himself heat up at this treatment, but the damn manacles wouldn’t give, no matter how much his arms bulged as he pulled on the restraints; and there was nothing he wanted more than to speak up his mind. Still, when he lifted his chin up, it felt like he was giving up and Tony’s little smirk didn’t help.“Never backs down, uh?” he murmured, unbuckling the chin strap first. “We’ll see about that.”He unbuckled the strap behind Steve’s head and pulled the muzzle off. Steve worked his jaw for a second, mentally rehearsing everything he wanted to say, and apologizing to his late mother in advance.“You don’t sweat,” Tony went on conversationally, like this was all perfectly normal. “You never do. It drives me fucking crazy. Erskine drove you to the peak of mankind but didn’t strip you of your humanity. There must be a limit and I live to find those.”He gave a mocking, dirty smirk. “It’s not rocket science. Basically, Rogers, you need to be worked hard and put away wet.”Steve’s gut did something strange when he heard those words, but he absolutely refused to acknowledge it as anything else than fury.“If you think abducting me—”“JARVIS abducted you, which was ridiculously easy, by the way.”It was painfully true; sleeping gas in the elevator had been enough for Steve to go down like a brick. Not that he’d expected fucking Tony Stark to assault him in his own damn home.“Stark, this is way over the line,” Steve barked, jerking against the restraints. “Let me go right now! I’m not your damn toy!”“Debatable,” Tony said.“You’re out of your mind.”“Also debatable. And irrelevant,” Tony added. “What’s relevant right now is the scientific challenge we’re facing. Do you have limits? Can I find them? Can I push them? I want to find out.”Steve tried to calm down.“You’re not the first one to try,” he said sourly. “But I’m not gonna be your lab rat. Not today, not ever. I got my fill of this.”“Obviously not,” Tony grinned.Steve stopped breathing for a second, without fully understanding why. Tony’s dark eyes were planted into his.“But let me fill you in before filling you up,” he said in a low voice.He was still crouching in front of Steve, playing with the Kevlar muzzle. “I need you on an empty stomach for this, which is why I took you before breakfast,” he began. “This is actually a challenge, Rogers. I’m saying I can break you. You think I can’t. I’ll be damned if the forties win this round, but if they do,” he grinned, “we’ll switch.”Steve hadn’t expected that. He stopped struggling for a second.“Switch?” he repeated.“Only fair,” Tony shrugged. “I’ll be your test subject. I’ll do it your way. I’ll stop pushing and I’ll never put up a fight again.”Jesus, the man was insane. But—this was actually horribly tempting. There were many things Steve could appreciate about the twenty-first century, but Tony Stark’s arrogance and single-mindedness were not among them. He would just not listen and regularly threatened the safety of everyone in the field—and this little morning abduction went to show just how sketchy the Stark morals still were.Steve didn’t doubt for a second that he’d stay true to his word, though—challenges were maybe the one thing they had in common. And
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
...which becomes not dubious at all
in fact you might call it straight-up non-con
Porn With Plot
Not safe not sane and did I mention not consensual?
sub!Steve
Tony is one goatee away from being a supervillain
...oh WAIT
okay so
Evil!Tony Stark
Hate Sex
Sort Of
Hurt Steve
Fucking Machines
Milking
Biting
Hair Pulling
Riding Crops
Muzzles
Handcuffs
Anal Sex
Humiliation
Dehumanization
Body Modification
Surgery
Forced Orgasm
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Abuse
Amorality
For Science!

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

