Chapter 1: Introductions + Six
    


Summary:

Loki and Peter meet.



Notes:
A little angst followed by a little fluff.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

"I need you now but I don't know you yet"

-Alexander 23 "IDK you yet"


Introductions 
The first time he had seen her was at Stark’s tower, after the battle against the Titan. It was the calm that came after the storm. Peaceful. Stark and the Captain were in medical, recovering. The former’s arm was beyond saving, Loki thought; he would live, but the arm would never feel again. If he got to keep it at all, that was. So, he was still unconscious and would be for a while.The other—the Captain—was mainly suffering from ‘blunt force trauma’ as the mortals called it, though, he did have a healing factor with which to speed along his progress.Of the remaining Avengers, Romanoff was no longer with them; Loki had not seen the red-haired assassin anywhere during the battle or afterwards. The Hawk—Barton—was with his family two floors below. And Banner was mostly all right, except for the arm which held the Infinity Stones for a time. According to the Midgardians, that would leave lasting damage.Finally, there was his brother, who was sitting at Loki’s left on the narrow and stiff chairs of the waiting room. His head was leaned over onto Loki’s shoulder in a somewhat awkward position, fast asleep after the adrenaline rush of fighting. Loki was silently grateful for that; Thor’s leaning on him was likely the only thing keeping him from implanting a dagger in someone’s eye.More specifically,  Nebula’s eye. The Guardians of the Galaxy (honestly, could the titles get any worse?) were one floor above them on the balcony. Nebula had come down for something (to check on Stark’s progress, Loki thought), and it was all he could do not to lurch upwards and murder her.She looked different. Since the last time he had seen her, she had gained a few new mechanical parts and replaced a few others. It didn’t matter, his mind told him. Nebula was a  threat. Only… she wasn’t. Thor leaning on him was the only thing that prevented the instinctual reaction. Deduction for more information was what kept him firmly planted in his seat. See, the Avengers had just defeated the Mad Titan—at great cost, and with great difficulty, but they had defeated him. So, if a daughter of Thanos was in their midst, why were they not more focused on apprehending her? Because they were not concerned with her.Whether that was because she had switched sides or was a completely different version of herself from one of those alternate timelines— whatever the reason—it didn’t matter. Because if Earth’s mightiest heroes (mightiest was not saying all too much. Again,  titles) did not concern themselves with her, why should Loki?It did not stop him from eyeing her warily as she made her way across the room to confront the Doctor, asking after Stark. She received the same answer as everyone else: “He’ll live, but we’re not out of the deep end yet.” Or different versions of Midgardian idioms that meant something similar (honestly, all of their conversations were encoded with hints of pop culture and reference. To what, Loki discovered, even many humans did not know).In any case, that was when Nebula spun on her heel and stalked out of the room to rejoin the Guardians. She did not notice Loki, as far as he knew. If she did, she did not act on the observation. So, she left, and Loki felt the tension bleed out of his body. First, all at once, then in small increments as he forced himself to relax.Naturally,  just as his eyes fluttered close, that was when a small voice perked up from his other side. Two seats away, sat Stark’s Spider-child, wearing a grey hoodie that was far too large for him and sweatpants that had to be borrowed from someone else.“Mr. Loki?” asked the Spider cautiously. He was leaning over the armrests with wide eyes.“Just Loki,” he mumbled, only half-certain that the words were coherent. That was a concern.“Aren’t you—like—a bad guy?” he asked, voice full of only curiosity, as far as Loki could tell.His first thought was,  yes. His second thought was, no. His third thought was,  sometimes? There was no clear answer. New York… wasn’t him, but that did not mean he was not at least partly responsible for the death and destruction that resulted from it. Still, he fought the Titan where it most counted, so he would take that as a point away from ‘bad guy’ status. Then there was Jotunheim, which was… complicated. Not that everything else wasn’t complicated, just that the near elimination of his own species was more so because it was him.  In his right mind, not Thanos’ tampering or persuasions.  No, that was him. What was also him,  was his last desperate attempt to save Thor’s life on the  Statesman. It had gotten him killed, and now, he was back. Again.So, there was no single answer.“It varies from moment to moment,” Loki answered honestly, prying
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Peter Parker
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Loki & Peter Parker Friendship
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Tony Stark
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Good Loki (Marvel)
Magic
Fluff
Angst
Some Humor
chapters that get progressively longer
Loki (Marvel) Lives
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Canon-Typical Violence
Friendship
Protectiveness
No Smut
No Slash
Trials
Loki (Marvel) is Not Amused
Telepathic Wanda Maximoff
Teen Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Mind Control
United Nations
Natasha Romanov Lives
Tony Stark Lives
Permanent Injury
Broken Bones
Not Sif (Marvel) Friendly
Museums
Magical Accidents
Leaving out some tags to avoid spoilers :)

fandom: 
Loki & Peter Parker
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

