Work Text:
Bucky sees him every morning. He’s always wearing a variation of the same thing regardless of the weather – grey jogging pants and a white t-shirt that’s stretched too fucking tight over his chest that Bucky is sure one day he’ll flex wrong (or right, depending on how you look at it) and it’s going to rip off. He may keep a close eye on him when he’s stretching for that exact reason, but no one can prove it except the blond who he also sees almost every day. She’s about as subtle as a brick too – she stops to drink at the fountain beside Bucky and they try to watch without watching.Some mornings she’ll sigh. One day he may have whimpered a little (seriously, who the fuck bends like that in public?) and got a commiserative nod in return. Her name is Sharon. She sometimes offers him a dextrose tablet if she thinks he’s looking a little pale. They’re orange flavour, and some days, she’s the only person he interacts with.Bucky always ran in the mornings. It had been part of his physical therapy and then part of his regular therapy and now it’s just part of his routine. He noticed the tall, blond, muscular man about three weeks into his route. The first three weeks he’d not been paying much attention because he’d been hyper aware of his own self – the hoodie wasn’t going to hide the fact that he’s lost an arm – and people looking at his lopsided run. Three weeks later his run was still lopsided but he’d started to notice other things, like Sharon who runs in a pink top for breast cancer and the other ‘vet who never smiles but jogs past with his metal leg clearly visible in his shorts.And he’d noticed… Him. Grey shorts and sensible running shoes and that fucking white t-shirt that must have been made of firmer stuff than cotton because the strain on the seams must be unbelievable and Bucky tore a shirt a week - his metal prosthetic was to blame, fucking plates caught on everything.He didn’t listen to music like One Leg Vet, or audio transcripts like Pink Sharon, but his expression was blank, fixed – his mouth a flat line as he ran. Unlike Pink Sharon, One Leg Vet and even Bucky (at the start) he ran. Flat out, legs pumping, arms moving – ran like he was in a race. Bucky hadn’t managed more than a jog at first (fucking centre of gravity screwed with his one arm) but now he was running. Running in black sweats and a black hoodie and only stopping at the fountain if He was stretching.
 The frost was probably the sign that maybe going for a run was a bad idea – but Bucky had been running every day at the same time for 8 months and he wasn’t gonna let some ice beat him. Not if he’d already beat the lopsided running thing into an actual gait.He got a wobbly walk around the park before he landed on his ass and glared at the sky. Fuck the sky.“Yaxtrax.” Someone said, and He was there. He was holding out a hand, looking blond and glorious and not even a little red in the nose from the cold. Shit, he wasn’t even wearing gloves.“Huh?” Bucky managed, eloquently as ever.He blushed, a soft pink that looked oddly innocent on his golden skin. “Sorry, I mean… there are these things, you put on your shoes. Yaxtraks. Stop you slipping on the ice.”“Right.” Bucky managed. Fucking great. First conversation with the hottest guy he’d ever seen and he’s sitting on his ass in the freezing cold looking like a total tit. He struggled to his feet – one fucking arm and all, ignoring the hand that He had extended. Couldn’t take it anyway.He realised His mistake as soon as Bucky got to his feet and his soft pink blush turned a mottled red. “Sorry!” He stammered, holding out his other hand – too late though, Bucky was on his feet. His hand soft of hovered in the air and Bucky took the initiative. Just so he’d have something to tell his therapist at least.“James.” He said, shaking the hand like he thought that was what He had planned.“Rogers. Steven. Steve.” He (Steve) said, words tripping over themselves. His blush was just red splotches on his skin, high colour and burning ears. “I’m Steve.”Then he nodded, smiled like he hoped the earth would swallow him up, and jogged away.
 The running store knew exactly what he wanted when he arrived and told them he was looking for “Yacks?”Normally he’d just go online and order off of Ebay but he wasn’t sure how long that would take and he was pretty sure he was asking for the wrong thing. He ended up buying a new pair of running shoes (they made him go on some machine that measured his steps when he ran) and some insoles that would stop his lopsided running from screwing up his hip, as well as a pair of clip on metal tracks that worked a bit like snow shoes, and a rubberized set that would do him better over ice.His therapist was pleased. Her red hair shone in the mid morning light as she nodded to the bags he’d brought in. He told her about the shoes and the fall – and the blond. He hadn’t mentioned the blond before. Didn’t like to think that she’d read too much into his crush.“I shook his hand.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
Therapy
Running
Boys Being Idiots

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

