Chapter 1: First Meeting
    


Notes:
Hey! This is sort of my first time publishing a fic. I wrote a short She-Ra fic for a class earlier this year, but that was posted under the author MDST3559014. It's called Loyalty if you wanna find it. The other stories by that author are not mine. Anyway, enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Pardoning the Rogues was no easy feat. Tony had spent months working to get this right, despite his lingering resentments. He had made compromises he wasn’t comfortable with. He even gave in to letting them stay at the Tower. And when they decided at the last minute to push their grand welcoming date back, he’d given them the benefit of the doubt. When they did it again, he begrudgingly let it slide. When they did it a third time, he began questioning why he even wanted the Rogues back again. And then today - today, he’d spent 9 hours with them and the stuffy government suits double-checking every last clause before they’d sign on. The whole time with pointed stares and palpable animosity. And now he, Steve, Nat, Clint, Sam, and Rhodey all stood silently in the elevator up to the shared floor, and Tony wasn’t even sure if the hard part had really started. “So… you still got rooms for us or are we sharing the couch?” Steve asked. It was a lame attempt at a joke, Tony knew, but still the implication hurt. Tony glanced at Rhodey, who was rolling his eyes.  Thank God for Rhodey. He’d said he was coming along to the Tower to ensure everything settled fine, but Tony knew he was really there for him. And the part of Tony that needed someone to have his back won over the part of him that was screaming that he didn’t need an emotional support buddy.  “Yes, Rogers. I haven’t touched your rooms. They’re all the same,” Tony breathed. And it was true. The floor had felt violently empty since the Rogues left. Sometimes, he or Peter ventured down there to use the bigger gym, or if the penthouse kitchen was out of some foodstuff, but the floor had an eerie vibe. They tended to stay on Tony’s floor or in the upper labs. The elevator doors pulled open, and Tony jutted out, maybe a little too quickly. “So you know where your rooms are. I had the kitchen restocked yesterday. Same gym down the hall. Fresh towels and sheets in the closet. Same living room, same everything. And if you need anything, you can ask FRIDAY.” Tony had already begun walking back to the elevator where Rhodey stood, eager for some time apart from his ex-best friends. “Hey Tony,” Nat’s voice, quieter than normal, stopped him. He turned around and looked at her. “Thanks for this.” The real appreciative smile on her face almost made him feel hopeful. Until Rogers cut in. “Yeah, I bet you couldn’t have been too eager to have us in your home.” And that was just too much. Was he trying to make Tony mad? Every word he’d spoken since they’d been brought back together undermined everything Tony had been doing to make this possible. “You know Rogers, they didn’t just decide to let you back. ‘Oh,  I know  they’re war criminals, but what if we pardoned them  just this once .’ This took a real effort from me, and I’d honestly like to see some gratitude!” “I know they didn’t just  decide to pardon us-”“Oh, they didn’t! Your government, Spangles, was thoroughly against you from the beginning-”Sam tried to cut in. “Okay, we get it, Tony. Seriously, man, thanks-”“Look, I wasn’t trying to sound ungrateful. But you were also against us from the beginning, and I’m just saying it's clear you aren’t super pleased with how this worked out for you.” Steve turned around, but Tony didn’t miss his mumbled, “Not the most welcoming welcome I’ve had.”“Oh, I’m so sorry I didn’t break out the streamers and confetti. Seriously, Rogers, can you not think of a single reason why I might not be jumping with joy to have  you  back in my home! Could you maybe see my perspective here, or is your head too far up your-”“Okay!” Rhodey burst in between Tony and Steve. “We’ve all had a very long, very weird day, and it’s probably time for sleep? Maybe we can work on this lovely relationship-building during daylight hours.”Steve looked like he had more to say, but Clint cut him off. “It’s probably a good thing we don’t have to share the couch.” Five pairs of eyes looked up at him expectantly, but Clint kept his gaze focused on whatever was on the couch. “You’ve got company, Tony.”Tony made his way over to where Clint was on the other side of the couch, just as confused as everyone else. But when he saw a messy tousle of brown hair peek out from under a tightly wrapped blanket, Tony’s guilt skyrocketed. With the last minute change of plans, Tony had completely forgotten to let Peter know that he wasn’t gonna be at the Tower today. And it was Friday, which meant after lab time and some routine Spider-Man-ing, Peter usually spent the night. He’d really dropped the ball on this one. And now Peter was wrapped on  this  c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Alternate Universe - Renegotiated Sokovia Accords
Stark Tower
Protective Tony Stark
Sickfic
kind of?
it's not really about him being sick
but someone is sick
and they briefly get taken care of
Sleepy Peter Parker
Sick Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

