Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Summary:

Just to let everyone know, this is just the set up to the torture, rape, and everything else. You can wait till the next chapter is out.





Chapter Text
I feel like I should take the subway home, but Aunt May and I need the money to pay rent this month.  It would save us a few bucks and as she says, every cent counts. It still didn't help me at all to walk home. Aunt May will probably yell at me for coming home so late, but she would just be happy that I made it home safe. My bunny ears were anxiously turning to listen to the sounds around me. Though I just feel so out of it and I don't know why.  Right now I'm currently walking home to Aunt May. Ned and MJ invited me to a college party that they found out about. For some reason, I can't remember much. I'm trying to recall what happened. Random people were there, and other people just thought that we were friends of friends. I went into that party bouncing all over the place. I just couldn't control myself. It feels pretty cool to be at a "big boy" party as my Aunt May calls it.  She told me that I shouldn't be at these types of parties, but I felt a little rebellious today. I'm only fifteen and I need more excitement in life. There were a lot of people at that party I think. My brain feels fuzzy and I'm trying to figure out why. Maybe I had too much soda. Sugar does a number on bunnies from what I read. Though I don't remember drinking much soda. All I remember drinking was some water and that's it. I remember when I sat down to relax. MJ told me to take a chill pill. Some alphas were staring at the back of my head. Maybe farther down, but I don't know for sure. Being an omega is hard. At a young age in high school, I've seen so many seniors try to get into my pants. Also maybe an older adult once or twice. It's super hard when you're a bunny too. There aren't many available in the world because they're usually used for breeding purposes. The whole thing that bunnies produce a large number of pups or whatever you call your children. I'd be fine with calling them kids, but the correct term is pups. It's a stupid agreement in my opinion. Then the alphas range from wolves, bears, foxes, and lions. I've seen lions and wolves fight over an Omega before. It's not nice at all. From what I've read and seen in the world, bears don't usually attack much. They are protective and will give warning glares to the other alphas. Foxes are sly as hell though. I remember a senior that's a fox that had tried to persuade me into his home for what he called a "study night." Since he noticed that I'm smart and wanted help for an upcoming test. To be honest, I did almost fall for that until MJ reminded me about that is how alpha foxes mate with other omegas. They prey on the naive. This is a messed up world and there aren't strict enough laws for this type of stuff. My ears flopped down at thinking about all this stuff. I looked over my shoulder and saw Ned dancing with some random girl. She seems pretty. I think MJ went to use the restroom. This is the first actual party that I've been to with teenagers doing bad stuff and illegal things. I was still confused about what activities go on at those types of parties, but no one wants to tell me. I'll have to find out on my own.A sudden spark of confidence had run through me at that moment and I jumped out of my seat. Then I had gone from room to room trying to find people. Also, I kind of wanted to meet more people. There aren't many people that I'm friends with because everyone I've tried to become friends with has wanted to become my mate. Ned and MJ are both betas, so they don't mind my company. Omegas don't want to be my friend either. They think that I'll get them hurt because I attract a lot of alphas. That idea usually hurts my feelings, but I push through it sometimes. My actual friends comfort me about it, but they wouldn't get what I feel. I remember wandering down a hallway and hearing a group of voices laughing. They sounded happy so I started bouncing towards them. My bunny ears were perked up in the excitement and my bob for a tail was aggressively going back and forth. I recognize at the time that my senses were clogged and I didn't smell the other alphas in the hallway. Then I recall getting pushed against a wall. My ears twitched in distress and my legs kicked into overdrive. I never got a look at the alpha's face. I kicked him away far enough to make a good break for it. I remember hearing the alpha growling behind me and I ran faster. The Adrenaline kicked in, and I ran outside to hide in a bush. I rubbed some mud on my scent gland just in case. Even if that might not do much, it made me feel a little safer.When I figured the coast was clear, I crept slowly out of the bush. The front door is still open, so I casually walked through it. I went back to where I was sitting before and slumped in the chair. Then I remember the feeling of my bunny ears drooping down to the side of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Kidnapping
Breeding
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Dark Tony Stark
Dirty Talk
Feminization
Bondage
Spanking
Physical Abuse
Knotting
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Peter is 15
Pedophilia
Teen Pregnancy
Loss of Virginity
Mpreg
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Claiming Bites
Coming Untouched
Overstimulation
Crying
Choking
Wolf Hybrid Tony Stark
Bunny Hybrid Peter Parker
Non-Consensual Touching
Face-Fucking
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Possessive Tony Stark
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Blow Jobs
Cuddling & Snuggling
Forced Pregnancy
Kitchen Sex
Table Sex
Stockholm Syndrome
Sad with a Happy Ending
Riding

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

