Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There are places in Washington D.C. away from the cherry blossom trees and gleaming monuments, away from the tourist crowds gathering for pictures and the politicians writing thievery into laws. There are places where law enforcement never bothers to look twice, where the streetlamps don’t really work but no one thinks to fix them, places where high bridges lead to brighter places but beneath the concrete supports, awful things grow in the shadows. It was a hot, empty evening in D.C. when an unmarked van with blacked out windows rattled to a stop in one of those places, idling under an unmarked bridge and nearly hidden in the growing gloom. No one was around to notice the vehicle– in this part of town no one would care enough to notice– so it was as good a place as any to conduct some business.“This’ll work.” the driver decided. “Open up the back, let’s get him out.” “You sure this is what the boss wanted?” the second one cranked open the rear door of the rusty van and grabbed onto the heavy form slumped inside. “Just’ta dump the guy out here for anyone to find?”“Not really our decision, is it?” the driver grunted as he tried to help manhandle their cargo out onto the ground. “B’sides. This is D.C. No one’s gonna look twice at some homeless ex soldier missin’ a damn arm. He’s better than invisible this way.” “Don’t see why we can’t kill him, though.” God, the guy must have weighed two hundred and fifty pounds and the second henchman wheezed under the effort of moving him. “They wiped him so hard he can barely breathe, would be easy to just off’im at this point.”“Maybe the higher ups wanna be able to find and use him again they need to.” The driver propped the unconscious form up against a support strut. “Took them seventy years of programming to get this guy workin’ right, sure seems like a waste to throw him in a dumpster.” “Seventy years, huh? Holy shit. He barely looks thirty.” he nudged at the blindfolded captive a few times with his boot. “Dumping him in the ass end of D.C. is the same as puttin’ him the trash though, isn’t it?” The driver snorted an ugly laugh, then aimed a swift kick at their prisoners ribs. “Wake up asshole! Boss says we gotta make sure you’re awake before we leave. Wake up!” Another hard kick, and the soldier groaned weakly. “We should leave before he wakes up all th’way, Even missing that freaky arm he’s strong as hell, let’s get outta here and—whoa!” Both men scrambled away when the prisoner jerked forward with a noise that more of a snarl, lurched to unsteady feet and felt up around his face to yank the blindfold off. “Fuck me.” the passenger muttered as the soldier narrowed confused, furious eyes in their direction. “Look at him, he can’t even stand right.”“Let’s get out of here.” The driver was already backing towards the van again, hands up and eyes trained on the former assassin. “I’m not takin’ any chances they didn’t get rid of all that killer programming. Come on, let’s go.”  “Wait.” the soldier wheezed, one hand out pleadingly because he just didn’t understand, but both driver and passenger were all but running for the van now, throwing the worn gear shift into drive and peeling out from beneath the bridge, leaving him woozy and unbalanced, alone and lost. “Wait.” he said again, softly, hoarsely, his voice rough from– from what? The soldier didn’t remember screaming or crying but his voice was rough all the same, and he ran unsteady fingers through his tangled, matted hair as he tried to think. There was an envelope in his back pocket, and the soldier tugged it free awkwardly, reached with his other hand to tear it open and–– “Oh. Oh god.” His arm, he didn’t have a left arm, where the hell was his arm?Nausea, and he staggered back against the bridge support, clutched at his left shoulder to feel the protrusion of metal and steel where there was meant to be bone, the slight round of a hinge or–or maybe a gear shift where there were meant to be cartilage and joints. “Fuck. Fuck.” the soldier pitched to the side and was violently sick, heaving and gasping as he lost his stomach onto the dirty ground, pain radiating up his side and through his shoulder, through his head as a suddenly brutal migraine had his nose bleeding and vision blurring. “Help me.” he gasped to the no one that wasn’t watching. “Help me.” Crumpled up in the soldier’s good hand was the little bit of cash from the envelope and a single piece of paper. ‘Your name is James’.“My name is James.” the soldier rested his feverish forehead against the cold concrete and bit back a terrified sob. “My name is James. Help me.” ************
 One Year Later 
************“Tony!” Pepper was using that specific tone of voice again, the one that meant she had tried and failed to get Tony’s attention at least three times, and God help her, if he didn’t respond right now she might actually scream. “Are you listening to me?” “I am listening to every word, Pep.” Tony turned from the limo window and for
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
winteriron
Iron Man 2
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Palladium Poisoning
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Strangers to Friends to Lovers
Eventual Smut
Emotional Baggage
Tony Stark is dying
Protective Bucky Barnes
Awkward Flirting
Shared Trauma
TW: Panic Attacks
Tony Stark is in Denial
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark Friendship
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Canon Divergent
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Monaco Grand Prix
Ivan Vanko - Freeform
Body Worship
Soft boys being soft
Tony's Birthday Party
Non-Sexual Intimacy
bed sharing
First Kisses
Developing Relationship
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Stucky reunion
Steve Rogers is not a Good Ol Boy
Self-Sacrificing Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

