Work Text:
The sound carried far in the cool night air - it was a loud, caterwauling sound, like a cat yowling or a baby crying.Bucky slammed his hand over Steve’s mouth and hissed: ‘Jesus, Steve! Shut the hell up!’Steve just whined into the beta’s palm, his lips parting and panting wetly against his skin. Bucky squeezed his eyes shut for a moment as he backed them into the nearby alleyway, sinking into the shadows and clinging to the dirty brick wall. Steve’s tongue was coming out to trace small, wet patterns onto his hand, a low, keening sound still coming out muffled from his throat.Bucky couldn’t decide whether he was pissed off or turned on. ‘Hush,’ he said again, pulling Steve up tight against him as he caught sight of an approaching shadow passing the corner of the alleyway. He heard the sound of footfalls on the pavement, but they passed by without noticing the beta and omega hiding in the darkness.‘We gotta get you home,’ Bucky hissed, and Steve nodded in agreement even as his hips began to writhe ineffectually against Bucky’s body. Slowly, Bucky lifted his hand off of Steve’s mouth, shifting it instead to his friend’s shoulder as he crept forward to peek around the corner of the alleyway. ‘It’s only a few blocks.’‘Buuuuuck,’ Steve started, his voice quickly devolving into a draw out whine again, and Bucky quickly came up behind him again to muffle his voice once more.‘None of that,’ he urged.‘Gotta, gotta,’ Steve babbled against his hand, and twisted his neck as he rubbed his body back up against Bucky’s, opening his mouth to try and suck Bucky’s thumb between his lips.Reflexively, Bucky tugged his hand away from Steve’s mouth again; but the omega only started up on the goddamn mating call again, so Bucky just slipped his digit back into Steve’s mouth, feeling the wet slide of his friend’s tongue over the shape of his knuckle.'Fine, suck,' he said. 'If it keeps you quiet. Jeez, no one better see us, okay? Or I'll kill you before anyone else can, pal, got it?'Steve nodded even as he tongued and swallowed around Bucky’s thumb. The beta rolled his eyes.It wasn’t far, and it was late - the streets were basically empty. If they were lucky, they could make it. Bucky pushed at Steve’s shoulder with his free hand, and moved his body behind him to guide him forward. The way Steve’s legs moved as he took an unsteady step forward, it was clear that slick wetness was already dripping down from between his thighs. Goddammit. Stupid, godforsaken, biological bullshit.Bucky hated it. (Also, the scent was overwhelmingly hot.)'Alright, Stevie, here's the go,' he muttered as he shuffled them towards the corner of the street. 'Ignore the wood against your ass, okay? This is the only way we're getting you home without you siren callin' half of Brooklyn. I'm gonna check the cost is clear, then we're gonna make a bee-line quick smart to the front door. And for Christ's sake, you couldn't have waited five more minutes?!’Steve shook his head, teeth scraping lightly against Bucky’s thumb between his lips. Goddammit that felt good. It wasn’t fair to ask that Steve held back his heat, Bucky knew that logically. It was impossible, and it had been coming on all night. In fact, this was probably all Bucky’s fault - he’d been the one who’d begged to stay for one more song at the dance hall.Well, whatever. Didn’t matter now. What mattered now was not getting raped and killed by any rutting alpha assholes. Bucky poked his head around the corner, checking the street.It wasn’t empty - there was an omega bum sleeping on the steps of the news-stand who Bucky recognised by sight if not name. He wasn’t going to be an issue. Further down there were the silhouettes of two dames walking arm in arm. They were a ways away. If they were going to move, they were best to move now.Steve’s lips were still closed around the base of Bucky’s thumb, and the omega was sucking and moaning and keening even as his hips writhed up against nothing.'Go, go, go.' Bucky pushed them both forward, his body tight against Steve's as he hurried him along. There was one more corner before the block with their house - the only variable now, and then they'd be home safe and sound and Steve could ride out his heat in relative peace.Bucky hurried them across that last road, mindless of anyone who might catch sight of them. There was nothing for it anyway. Somewhere in the distance he thought he heard someone calling out to them, but he ignored it. Steve was nearly slumped in his arms, and before anyone could catch up to them he was manhandling the omega up the steps to their flop and fumbling with his keys.Steve whined as Bucky pulled his thumb from his mouth to fiddle with the door lock - it always caught, needed both hands to open properly. Ideally not one of those hands slick with saliva, but Bucky made do.Finally, they were in, and Bucky was locking the door behind them, letting go of Steve’s trembling body.The omega just slumped to the floor, pulling at his clothes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve Rogers
Beta Bucky Barnes
Bonding
Soulmates
Mating Cycles/In Heat
1930s
Society is Crap
Fluff and Smut
Hot Chocolate
Butt Plugs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

