Work Text:
“You gotta watch your back with this guy. There’s a chance he’s going to break it.”
Tony turned to stare at Clint. He had no idea what his expression looked like but it was enough to have Clint pale and back away from the bars of his cell. Tony just continued to stare at him then he turned on his heel and walked back out the door he’d come in, ignoring the comments from the others and not even seeing the state Wanda was in.
He couldn’t say why it was that comment that was the straw that broke the camel’s back (Pun. Ha! Not.)  but there it was. Maybe because it was about Rhodey. His sugarplum. His honeybear. His platypus. Who was currently lying in a hospital in Germany while they waited to see just how bad the damage to his spinal cord was. If it had been about him, he would have let it wash off. But not when it was about Rhodey.
Tony had thrown his money around, of course. (What else was it for except to help his friends, his brother?) Calling every damn expert on spinal issues in the world, offering them whatever funding they needed to fix this, with the promise that whatever solution they found? He would fund it to make it easily accessible to everyone in the world. The looks on their faces, the tenor of their voices, had been… awed, wondering and hopeful while at the same time they tried to maintain proper doctorial sobriety. But they saw the opportunity Tony was offering, not only for them but for all their patients.
When he emerged from the cell block, Tony didn’t bother stopping for Ross or anyone else. He simply walked outside, climbed into his helicopter and flew off. If anyone bothered to track his path, they would have quickly noticed that it was towards Europe, Germany specifically. Tony no longer cared about Steve or any of his former teammates. That branch had been broken by one ill-timed and ill-directed comment. The only person who mattered right now was his Rhodey.
*****
Zemo watched impassively as Rogers banged on the window of the room he was in. He looked down at the photo of his family displayed on his phone and sighed. It was obvious that Stark wasn’t coming and his plan really didn’t work without Iron Man here to see the truth that had been deliberately  kept from him. He briefly wondered what had gone wrong then put his phone away and started typing a few commands into the computer in front of him. Once he was done, he finally deigned to pay attention to Rogers.
“I was rather counting on Stark coming,” he said.
Rogers froze and from the brief flickering look of blind animal panic on his face and the way Rogers’ eyes were inevitably drawn to Barnes, Zemo felt confident in his assessment that Rogers had never told Stark the truth. It had been difficult but not impossible to find out the exact date and time when the computerised version of Armin Zola had last been accessed during the fall of SHIELD. That the date and time coincided with the CCTV video he’d seen of Rogers and Romanov heading towards the room where Zola’s interface was housed had been a gift of the highest order. When he’d done his homework and realised that, based on Stark’s behaviour, both in general and towards the Avengers, he didn’t know the truth… well, it was rare to have such a beautiful opportunity served up to him on a silver platter and yet, it had happened.
“We don’t need Stark to stop you.”
Zemo chuckled at Rogers’ display of brainless bravado. “I would disagree but then you don’t even know what my plans were.”
“You were going to release the Winter Soldiers,” Rogers said belligerently.
Zemo laughed, long and hard. “Oh, my dear Mr Rogers, did you not see them on your way in? That was my doing. I have no use for the Winter Soldiers and they are a danger to the entire world. I did a service in eliminating them.”
He was amused by the confused expression that appeared on Rogers’ face. The man looked particularly stupid when he was confused. Zemo briefly considered explaining what his plan – and his backup plan – was but eventually decided that it was a bit pointless. He didn’t need to engage in useless monologuing to Rogers and Barnes. He just needed to do what he needed to do.
“I have won, Mr Rogers,” he said calmly as he typed in a few more commands into the computer and hit the Enter button. “By the time you make your way from here, you will understand that.”
He gave them a nod then picked up the gun he’d used to kill the Winter Soldiers. He smiled, looking forward to seeing his family again in whatever passed for the afterlife. There was one bullet left and he rested the muzzle of the gun under his chin and put that final bullet to good use.
******
Rhodey woke up to find Tony asleep, half sprawled on top of him. It took a moment for the memories to surface in his sleep and drug-addled brain but then he recalled what had happened the previous day.




Things had been going well. Tony had arranged for some of the world’s leading experts to come and examine him. Rhodey had wanted to shake his head and p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Minor Sam Wilson & Scott Lang Redemption
They're not completely stupid
A story about how one single straw can break the camel's back
Tony is over the Avengers
Just completely done
So he gives the team to Rhodey
Comments moderated in case of trolls
minor mention of suicide

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

