Chapter 1: Buttercups
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
At 4 Tony was already different, he built his first circuit board from the scraps he found in a box in Howard’s study, Jarvis helped the 4 year old soder the pieces together. Tony left it on Howard’s desk, with a note “I fix it.'' While he was years ahead of where a 4 year old cognitively should be, easily working at a 1st or 2nd grade level, his grammar wasn't quite on par with his math and science skills, at least not yet. Tuesday, the week before Thanksgiving of 1974, that was a day he remembered. Everything had changed in such a short 24 hour period, the events were seared into his brain, and the lines into his hands.
Howard had been furious that Tony had gotten into the box with the broken circuit board. The backhand sending his small body backwards into the china cupboard before dinner had not been what the 4 year old had expected. “If you think you're old enough to help, then you will join me in the shop after dinner.” Howard had sneered, pouring himself a large glass of vodka. Despite the worried look on Jarvis’ face and the plea’s of Maria that he was only 4 and the workshop was no where for such a young child. Howard heard none of it, Tony was a Stark he was going to do as he was told and he’d already made the decision when he had gone and gotten into things he shouldn’t have. Howard would not be trifled with today.
What none of them knew for a long time was that on this very day 30 years ago the Commandos had arrived back to base after a mission, but it was the first time one of them was missing. 30 years ago that day Bucky Barnes had fallen off the train carrying Zola and had been reported KIA. 30 years ago Howard learned of the death of one of his best friends, today was not a good day in the Stark house. Tony would later learn that November 13th, January 10th, March 10th and the 4th of July were the scariest days in the Stark household. Tony eventually learned to make himself scarce on the birthday and deathday of the Captain and Sergeant.
After dinner Howard had finished the vodka and had poured himself another glass, the bottle he’d cracked earlier in the day, inching ever closer to empty. Holding the vodka and circuit board in one hand, his other tightened around Tony’s upper arm he walked to the workshop, dragging the small boy after him. He ignored the whimpering coming from the boy. Tony got his first permanent scars that day. Howard wasn’t going to stop or slow down for the boy, he didn’t have time to teach the child about tool safety. Tony, stepped on a nail, Howard didn’t even remove the nail, Tony cried at first. Then came the infamous lines, lines he would hear from Howard whenever his father disapproved of him or his actions.
Stark’s don’t have emotions, so he better quit that sissy pants crying.
Stark’s don’t cry.
Stark’s were not weak.
Stark’s don’t bend.
Stark’s don’t break.
Stark’s are made of Iron.
So the small boy took a shaky breath and gritted his teeth, he was a Stark and he would make his father proud. He stood there helping hold and pass his father tools for the next 2 hours while his foot slowly bled onto the concrete floor of the workshop.
The jab saw was hot from the friction of cutting through the metal pipe. Howard didn’t pay it any mind as he passed it to the boy blade first. Not knowing any better Tony took it blade first in his small hands, it burned, the teeth cut viciously into his skin, he yelped. Howard turned a sharp gaze on the boy. Tony grit his teeth harder. 
He remained quiet for the next 30 minutes til when Howard took the saw out of his hands again the blade sliced into his palms, the cuts were deep, he still has them to this day. Tony shrieked with pain as the red bloomed across his hands, a sharp contact rocked the boy sending him sprawling. Howard had hit him again but it felt harder this time, Tony looked up even now curious, in his hand was a phillips head screwdriver. The handle of the tool and Howard’s knuckles had connected with Tony’s chest “Get out.” 
Tony stumbled to his feet limping out of the workshop and back into the house, blood dripping across the hardwood floors from his foot and hands, the nail was still embedded in his foot, he was too scared to try and remove it. He knew he had to get to the bathroom, hoping that’s where they had a first aid kit. The nail hindered his walking, a lot, especially with the adrenaline wearing off, he felt the sharp stabbing pain rip through his leg with each step causing him to collapse with a sob. Jarvis found the small boy in the hallway crying as he crawled on his elbows and knees towards the washroom, blood smeared behind him. Jarvis’ stomach dropped, his heart wrenching at the sight. He scooped up the small boy tending to his injuries and stitching the skin back together on his hands. He removed the nail and bandaged his foot.  Keeping ice on his cheek and chest where he’d been hit. T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Hurt Tony Stark
Child Abuse
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Oblivious Bucky Barnes
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Feels
Tony-centric
Tony Angst
Angst
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Self-Esteem Issues
Language of Flowers
Floriography
Threesome - M/M/M
Eventual Romance
Eventual Happy Ending
Tony is bad at feelings
Angst with a Happy Ending
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Angst and Feels
Tony Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Insecure Tony Stark
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Underage Sex
Underage Drinking
Underage Drug Use
Underage Rape/Non-con
Hurt Tony
Unrequited Love
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Romantic Soulmates
Everyone Needs A Hug
Eventual Smut
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Alcoholic Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Mandarin Genderbent

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

