Work Text:
Peter stared out of the window of the blue Mini, watching the forest outside go by quickly as Happy drove them across the highway. No amount of questioning had gotten him any answers during the ride. Today wasn’t a lab day. Happy had just randomly texted him that he’d wait outside of his school and that Peter better not be late. He also hadn’t gotten any answers as to why Happy chose a Mini, or in his words, a “soccer mum car”, over his usual Audi or Rover, especially considering this one had no partition and thus forced Happy to endure Peter’s rambling with no way of escaping. Happy took the next exit, and Peter vaguely recognised the surroundings, which only created more questions. What were they doing at the Compound? “Here we are.” Happy parked on the edge of a huge landing deck, shut off the engine of the car, and opened the door. “Get out.” Peter scrambled to get out of the backseat (a Mini really did have much less space than the Audis) and shut the door behind him. “Okay, so like… what are we doing here?” He was almost never at the Compound – it was much further away than the Tower and the long drive just wasn’t worth it for only one day. Now, though, they were here, unscheduled, on a Friday afternoon when Peter knew that Tony spent the weekend at the Tower. Happy sighed and met Peter’s eyes. “This is your birthday present.” Of all the things Peter had expected, this hadn’t been on the list. “Oh! You didn’t have to get me anything –” He started. “Yeah, yeah, I know.” “Okay, then, thank you for –“ Peter halted, realising that he didn’t really know what the gift even was. Happy raised his eyebrows. “… for this, um –” Happy snorted. “That’s one way to put it, kid. Get back in the car.” Peter was beyond confused now. Had Happy just driven them here to spend half a minute looking at a giant barren field of asphalt? Granted, quinjets usually landed here, which was pretty awesome, but as far as Peter could tell, no other people, or quinjets, or really anything, were around today.  “Uh, okay?” He made to open the back door again, deciding not to question Happy on his weird behaviour, when Happy stopped him. “Nope, kid. In the front.” “The front?”The corners of Happy’s mouth twitched. “I’m teaching you how to drive.” Peter was pretty sure his heart stopped for a second. He was going to do what? “You’re gonna do what?” “You think I’d drive a Mini for any other purpose? You’re welcome. Now get in.” Happy nodded towards the car and started walking to the passenger side. Peter shakily opened the driver’s door and sat down, fumbling with the seat belt. He was not prepared for this, like, at all. The last time he’d driven it had been an absolute disaster, and he wasn’t keen on repeating that. “Do you – do you really think I’m ready? I mean –” Peter started. “Are you over sixteen or not?” Happy questioned, buckling his seatbelt next to him. “Yes, but –““No buts, then. First things first, mirrors.” Peter tried to ignore his worries and paid careful attention to everything Happy told him about adjusting his seat, adjusting the mirrors, blind spots, and checking for cyclists when turning. “Got it?” “Seat first, mirrors second. Keep mirrors clear of dirt and objects. Know the blind spots. Don’t run over cyclists,” Peter recounted, feeling calmer with every bit of information he got. The fewer unknown variables there were, the less there was to worry about. “Good.” Happy nodded in approval.  Peter looked at him, apprehension still clear in his eyes. Happy’s gaze softened. “Listen, kid, there’s nothing to worry about, alright? There’s no one here besides us. No one to run over, no obstacles to hit, no one to witness potential, uhm, mishaps. Not that there’ll be any,” he raised his eyebrows, “after all, you’ve got me as a teacher.” Peter sent him a small smile. “Thanks, Happy.”Happy cleared his throat. “Right then. Next, gears.” He gestured towards the console and Peter’s eyes widened. “I’m learning stick shift?” All Peter knew about manual transmission was that it was way more difficult and much harder to get right. “Happy, I don’t know –““If you can’t drive stick shift, you can’t drive.” Happy’s voice left no room for discussion and Peter remembered various incidents of Happy complaining about how automatic took all the fun out of driving. No surprise, then. “But isn’t this a lot harder?” Peter eyed the gear shift warily, the numbers 1 to 6 glaring back at him. “It’s not, especially not for someone like you who could probably learn to build this car from scratch faster than you think you can learn to drive it.” Happy’s voice was almost reassuring, which was definitely a new look on him. “Stick shift isn’t the most intuitive, but it will give you a better understanding of the mechanics behind operating cars. So, exactly what a nerd like you needs.” Peter smiled weakly. “If you say so?” “I do.” Happy smiled back for a millisecond before schooling his expression into teacher mode. “So, gears. I think “reverse” is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Teen Peter Parker
Driving
Fluff
Humor
Uncle Happy Hogan
happy teaches peter how to drive
he cares about him and i will hear no different
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
ignores IW and everything beyond that
this is a happy zone as always
(a HAPPY zone lol get it)

fandom: 
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

