Work Text:

(Art by marieincolour)It all starts because Steve is too dumb to handle his smartphone.Or at least that's how Tony would no doubt put it. It actually happens because Sam has terrible handwriting when he's in a hurry and instead of just calling Steve with his new number he had scribbled it into his palm ("I feel like I'm in goddamn high school again" he'd even muttered like it hadn't been his idea) and now Steve has to guess whether that's a 5 or a 6, a 7 or a 1, a 6 or a 0. Instead of just sending a text into the aether and hoping it'll magically get to the right number (as someone who is too dumb to handle texting probably would, Tony) Steve makes his best guess and calls."Hello?""You're not Sam, right?" Steve says a little plaintively. This is his third guess, the first two not even connecting."...nope," the guy, definitely not Sam, at the other end says, popping the p. "Not gonna pretend to be Sam either, sorry.""What?" Steve asks, confused. Then he backpedals because seriously, he misdialed, he's not looking to have a conversation with a stranger here. "I mean, sorry, I called the wrong number. Bye.""Bye," definitely not Sam says, sounding vaguely amused, and that's that.Except two hours later Steve gets a text from a number that is definitely not Sam's, asking u found ur sam? starting to reconsider on the whole pretending idea. It's a dumb text, Steve doesn't even understand what the guy is on about about pretending to be Sam- oh.Did you just proposition a complete stranger via text? he writes back before he knows it, partially because he's genuinely curious, partially because... well. He's really curious.u started it with the calling my phone & calling me by the wrong name. rude. marriages have broken apart b/c of things like that, not-Sam texts back.Amused and not really sure why he's even continuing to involve himself in this, Steve nevertheless replies, So what name should I have called you then? Belatedly he realizes that he might be flirting.bucky ;) not a fake name promise s what everyone calls me. what about u? the guy, Bucky, replies about a minute later.So. This might be actual flirting. Steve now has two choices: not reply and put this behind him, or... commit. To something. It feels like a commitment anyway, but then again, Steve can always just stop texting. Besides, just today he and Sam had a conversation about how Steve has no non-Avenger friends, and no, Sam doesn't count, he's a part-time member now. According to Sam, that's something he should think about.But, well. Steve doesn't really know why that's an issue, but here a possible opportunity presents itself to him on a silver platter and if – when, who's he kidding here – Sam brings it up again he can at least say he tried. First he's got to try though.I'm Steve, he replies probably far too late. There's an etiquette to texting he's not aware of and not really committed enough to learn. Whenever anyone comments on it he just shrugs like he's helpless with the 21st century again, but what he really thinks is that he doesn't want to learn. He'll text the way he wants to and if anybody is bothered by it, whatever.hi Steve ;) Bucky texts back. so u never said, did u find sam?Yes, Steve replies, and then, on a whim, adds, why, were you going to pretend to be him otherwise?it's too late, you got my name now, unless ur into roleplay <3 Bucky replies.Roleplay. Well, well. Maybe, but if I were, I wouldn't want you to pretend to be one of my friends. That's creepy.Bucky's reply comes quick; much faster than Steve could have typed it, even though unlike what Tony probably thinks, he's not a slow typer. who'd you want me to be then?Okay. So, this is the point where this all is getting a bit too much for Steve. He could just stop texting, he can just do that, no explanations necessary because that's how casual texting can be, but he sort of doesn't want to. It's not like he has anything better to do anyway, it's not even noon. Our relation needs to pass level six for you to unlock that upgrade, he texts back, entirely on a whim and half based on a joke Clint had made once.level 6 huh, Bucky replies not too long after. where am I at? what are the other levels?And really, Steve should have expected that question. Thinking hard, he slowly types, Level 1: names, level 2: past-times, level 3: taste and favorite things, level 4: social issues I believe in, level 5: dreams and hopes, level 6: secret wishes. He reads it all over again. It makes sense, or in any case, it's not going to get better, so he hits send.secret wishes huh, Bucky replies after a moment. so we're level one right now. ur definitely not low maintenance that's for sureTrue. But... with a roll of his eyes, Steve quickly googles a sex hotline and pasts the first number that pops up into the text with the words, If you want low maintenance, this is who you should talk to.DUDE, Bucky replies within seconds. Then, after a moment, geez man be glad I googled that instead of call
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Dating
Pining
Physical Disability
Alternate Reality

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

