Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The sound of their shoes hitting the asphalt echoes loudly in the alleyway. It’s barely late afternoon, but the sky is already darkening, and only the slightest bit of sunlight filters down onto the garbage strewn street. Bucky’s pulse thunders in his ears, and he knows that if he’s out of breath then Steve must be close to passing out
He spares a glance over his shoulder, and when no shadows darken the entrance to the alley several yards behind them, Bucky grabs Steve by the back of his ratty peacoat and pulls him to a halt—puts them both flush against the brick wall closest, and couches their sweaty, breathless bodies in the shadow of a large dumpster.
Steve starts to shake him off, pissed as hell, color high on his cheeks. The set of his jaw and the tremble of his lower lip are a sure sign that he’s about to tell off Bucky six ways from Sunday and then some. Bucky’s best pal Steve Rogers doesn’t know when to quit, but Bucky does, and quitting time is now.
“You’re gonna make yourself sick,” he says, before Steve can get his mouth open.
“The hell I am.” Steve glares at him from under soggy, unkempt bangs. He looks like a fever just broken. Bucky can’t look much better, but he’s always been a sweaty kid. Steve squares off his shoulders, and Bucky shoves him lightly.
“There were eight of them, and two of us, Steve.” He inhales sharply through his nose and pictures Steve's head busted open on the ground. “Eight of them.”
“Knew we’d be faster.” Steve shrugs, dropping his hands to his knees, and crouching down to breathe out his fatigue through a grin.
“No, ya didn’t. Those fellas coulda had guns.”
“Then get better at dice or quit playin', Buck. You’re not exactly a shark.”
He’s right. Bucky is awful at dice, but bringing Steve along was the real bad choice.
“I’m not the one," Bucky says, pointing at himself, "who went and accused someone three times his size of being a scoundrel. I’m not the one who decided honor was more important than a few measly pennies.”
“He was a lousy cheat!” Steve cries, between wheezes. “Couldn’t even manage to fake it. Turned red every time his turn came up. And maybe we coulda used that change you so willingly--”
“Shhhh!” Bucky clamps a clammy hand over Steve’s mouth.
Steve’s eyes widen. He can’t hear all that good, but Bucky’s hearing is damn near uncanny and there are people coming their way. Sounds like six at least, and he’d be willing to put much more than pennies on that.
“Bucky,” Steve says against his palm, and tugs at his arm. “Bucky, lemme go.” It comes out all garbled, but Bucky’s barely listening. His attention is on the street, on the voices that have his senses heightened like a trapped animal’s. He drops his hand from Steve’s mouth with a narrow-eyed look of warning and Steve nods.
“Get behind me,” he whispers, and for once in his life, Steve does as he’s told. Bucky throws both his arms out wide, the back of one flush against Steve’s chest, his other hand curled into a fist.
No more than five minutes have passed since they managed to shake the gang of angry miscreants that started after them once Steve brazenly insulted their ringleader’s honor, and now Joe Lombardi’s crew seems to have caught their scent again.
Bucky can feel Steve’s still-labored breath against the exposed skin above his coat collar and that’s a bad sign if there ever was one.
“Can you run?”
“Yeah. Yeah, Buck.” Steve curls a hand into the wool fabric at Bucky’s side and steadies himself. “I can run.”
“Get ready.”
Steve tugs on his coat in response and turns, putting his back toward Bucky. It’s not even 100 yards to where the alley lets out onto Fulton Street, but the busy pedestrian plaza seems like miles away, and may as well be for Steve. Bucky looks up and around, straining his eyes to see if there’s another way out, or if they’re well and truly trapped. Beyond the dumpster, halfway to salvation, there’s a door just slightly ajar, looks like someone might’ve wedged something beneath it to keep it open.
“Make for that door,” he tells Steve, then prays that Steve can see it with his pisspoor vision. Hell, Bucky might’ve missed the damn thing if he hadn’t been looking.
“What door, Buck?”
The entrance to the alley darkens. There's no time.
“Run!” he shouts, and elbows Steve hard in the back, sending him careening forward into the semi-dark.
“What door?” Steve yells again, voice cracking, feet beating the pavement.
“On the—aw, fuck it.” Bucky turns and hightails it after him, puts their backs foolishly to the encroaching jerks who want their heads. Or their pocket change.
There’s a gunshot, then the sound of a bullet ricocheting off an iron railing.
Steve swears. “Holy shit, they do have guns.”
Bucky grimaces. He catches up with Steve and hooks an arm around his waist, practically drags him the rest of the way to their escape.
“Gonna teach you a lesson, Rogers!” Someone roars out behind them, likely Lombardi himself. “Someone’s gotta teach that pretty mouth of yours a lesso
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-War
Brooklyn boys in love
Historical
1930s
First Time
Pining
Miscommunication
showgirls
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

