Work Text:
Steve loves his job, even though it had changed a bit over the years. He used to work from home, in his little studio apartment, cramped and cold and great.Now though, he worked in a huge loft space, wall to wall windows – great light at all times of the day, every possible need and whim catered to. Longer hours. Better pay. Much better pay.His crappy apartment was sold and he bought a place in the newly refurbished meatpacking district, spent months re-designing the empty space – modern, sleek but with a vintage edge, his home was actually used on the webpage to show what Stark, Banner & Rogers could do, their architectural elements combined with the genius of Potts Interiors (owned by Starks long suffering but apparently very happy wife, Pepper) it was a great example, warm and homey. The dog helped.Cap, who had been a gift from Stark one year because Stark had absolutely no idea what actual responsibility was, had been a tiny, wriggly puppy with an adorable little black mask over his eyes and Steve had fallen instantly in love. Stark took this to mean that he was the best at giving gifts, and Bruce now had a cat called ‘Hulk’ who was the sweetest, most adorable ball of fluff – unless you petted him wrong and then you may lose a limb to his tiny but sharp claws.But Cap, Cap was the best. However, the tiny, wriggly puppy soon grew into a full sized Husky and Steve’s long hours had become a massive problem. Cap needed exercise. Cap needed a lot of exercise, and Steve, who ran for an hour and a half every morning and an hour when he got back from work, was worried that Cap wasn’t getting the care he needed.“Seriously, why do you need another refrigerator unit?” Tony asked, as Steve trawled the net for something the size he needed. “The one you have is huge.”“The one I have is for people food, Tony.” Steve said, for the 3rd time since he’d mentioned it. “I need another for Cap.”“You don’t put kibble in a fridge.”“He’s on a raw food diet, Stark.” Steve repeated. “The raw food part really should be giving it away as to why I need another unit.”“You feed it meat?”“Husky dogs, and other sled breeds, actually do better with a raw diet considering their natural environment.” Bruce said, from where he was working. His work was mostly theoretical – designs that were stunning but improbable, Tony worked out new ways to make it work, often inventing brand new methods (and rather famously, a whole new alloy) in the industry, and it was Steve’s job to actually take both parts and make it possible to build. Mostly, he spent a lot of time explaining to Tony that regular builders and contractors don’t have PHD’s or Master’s in theoretical physics and he really needs to stop expecting them to work things out to the .1mm on his designs.“Seems a lot of work for a dog.” Tony said, rolling his eyes and his chair away from Steve.“The dog you bought me.” Steve pointed out without malice. He may have been a lot of work, but Steve adored his dog. “And he needs more exercise. I’m worried he’s spending all day in the house. It’s not good for him.”“You take him out in the morning and at night, don’t you?” Bruce said, not looking up from his lightbox. “I’m sure he’s getting enough time. You run with him?”“Yeah.” Steve nodded. “But it was okay when he was smaller, you know? He’d be sacked out as soon as we got back, but now he’s older, he’s still bounding around the house – he needs more that I can give him now, and…” He waved his hand around the room. They had hired a few other people, Thor, a genius in woodwork and his tiny girlfriend Jane who worked closely with Steve most days, helping him keep Tony and Bruce from building floating homes and underwater towers. Parker and Lewis worked the mail and the phone, while on the other side of the massive room Pepper and her team (Natasha, Clint and Phil) kept Potts Interiors going strong. But they were always busy, and the hours were always too long, and although Steve loved his job, he worried about his dog.“Why don’t you get a walker?” Darcy Lewis said, handing him his mail for the day. Mostly they worked with emails, but Steve liked letters, liked a physical copy of things.
 The first dog walker had a lot of clients. She could take Cap out at around 2pm for an hour and bring him back. Steve wasn’t sure about the other dogs she took though. Cap had gone through training (Bruce had been thoughtful enough to double up on Tony’s gift with lessons to a puppy training school, and Pepper had extended this to include an agility & obedience training) and he was good with other pets (following kitten Hulk around had earned him a small thin scar over his nose, but he’d just whined – no lashing out) but the idea that he’d be kept on a leash with ‘up to’ 8 other dogs was a worry. How was he going to get the correct amount of exercise if she had to set her pace to smaller dogs?Three weeks and 4 walkers and Steve still couldn’t find anyone he trusted to give Cap what he needed.
 “I’ve got a fri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dogs
Pets
Meet-Cute

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

