Chapter 1: I - Earth to Asgard
    




Chapter Text

I

Earth to Asgard

 
Frigga is in her garden when the message arrives. She is trimming white roses from her homeland, a task she would entrust to no servant. These roses are one of the too few things she had brought along when she first arrived to Asgard.Her gown is stained with sweat and dirt, her hands and back ache, and yet, Frigga enjoys it all the same. It is simple work, automatic. If she works, she doesn’t have to think.She can let herself melt into the movements of her hands, the snipping of plant stalks, the silvery reflection of Asgard’s twin suns upon her clippers.She does not have to think.She does not have to think.She does not have to think.“My Queen!”She whirls at the voice, at whoever dares to interrupt, clippers like a dagger in her hand—And sees a tiny page boy, looking at up her nervously. His hair is dull blond, straight as a plant stalk and cut in a sharp line across his forehead, his eyes small, and a shade of pallid blue—a colouring much desired in Asgard, but … watery. Diluted. His looks, she knows, shan’t be as lauded as her eldest’s azure eyes and golden hair.And then she realizes she is holding the inconspicuous gardening tool as a weapon above the boy’s head. Before shame can flush her cheeks crimson, she composes herself, and lets her body relax into the regal stance of the All-Mother.She curves a brow, motioning for the boy to speak.He straightens, squaring his shoulders. In another life, she would find it endearing. It reminds Frigga of better days, when Loki used to trail her steps as a little boy, mimicking her regal bearing. What was expected and becoming of the All-Mother turned adorable and endearing when practiced by the younger prince. One millennia later, and she could still recognize traces of herself in his walk, in his posture, in his fighting style.Not anymore.She clamps down on the emotions before they can get the better of her, and forces her focus onto the page.“His Royal Majesty the King requests your presence in his study, Your Grace.”Frigga wants to sigh, to crumple on the ground and lay there forever. With that being insupportable, she has, up until now, settled for the next best thing—working herself into a state of mindlessness. It works. Not well, not healthy, but it works.What she does not want in any case is having to speak with Odin. She has been married to the man for thousands of years, and it has not always been felicitous. But until now, she has always been able to forgive.Not anymore.Not since Odin went after her children, battling upon the Rainbow Bridge, yet returned only with one.She sighs. It is not just, she knows. In the end, she is as much to blame as he is. But then again, she has never claimed her feelings to be rational. They are a clutter of rage and sorrow and love and guilt and hurt and other things she cannot even begin to name.Well, then. She looks down on herself, and has to conceal a grimace at the sight of her stained gown. “Tell the All-Father I shall arrive as soon as I change.”The page boy gulps, sun-tanned throat bobbing nervously. “The All-Father said it was of utmost importance and urgency.”Frigga blinks for a moment, composing herself. “All right, then,” she tells the boy. “You did well, young one.”The boy’s pale blue eyes widen at the praise, a satisfied smile spreading across his face. Not much of an actor, then. Well. But he is still very young. There is plenty of time for him to become well-versed in the games and machinations of the Royal Court.She storms away, to the Palace of Gladsheim, resplendent in the sun, rising high above the glittering golden city, towering over even the tallest of buildings.Inside, people march out of her way with only the barest necessary acknowledgements of her status. No petitioners approach her, no courtiers greet her and come to seek her favour. Inwardly, she is smug. Who knew that an angry expression could go such a long way towards peace? She shall have to remember that for future use.Before the tall, carved door of Odin’s study, she pauses—and then she wants to laugh.Frigga All-Mother hesitating before a simple door. The Nine Realms tremble before me.She knocks. The sound is loud and dull and it irritates her inexplicably.The door slide open soundlessly, revealing a majestic chamber, walls lined with bookshelves, a heavy oaken desk in the centre. Odin sits behind it.“My King,” Frigga says, bowing her head, and she cannot quite keep the biting cold out of her voice. Does not quite want to.Regret and weariness and hurt at her cold address flicker in Odin’s one eye, but then it is all gone, just as sure as if he had choked the life out of the unbecoming sentiments himself.Well, if that is the game he desires to play …There is a faint sound behind her, of someone clearing their throat. Frigga whirls, skirts swaying around her legs, and comes face-to-face with Heimdall, in all his gleaming, golden glory.Normally, the queen would have g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frigga | Freyja & Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team
Loki & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
minor Jane Foster/Thor - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crack Treated Seriously
Very seriously
Fluff and Angst
Dysfunctional Family
but they're working on it okay
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Or a lot of them
BAMF Frigga
Frigga Fights Thanos With The Power Of Confusion
this tag is my single greatest achievment
everyone is confused
Fix-It
Aftermath of Torture
Mind Control
Blood
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
all the fun stuff
Public Displays Of Dysfunctionality
that's a given where the Odinfam is concerned
Body Horror
Tony Stark's incredible nicknaming skills
Frigga is a Good Mom
she's not perfect but she's trying
Panic Attacks
Complete

fandom: 
Frigga | Freyja & Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team
Loki & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
minor Jane Foster/Thor - Relationship

