Work Text:
Bucky’s eyes are closed; his naked body submerged in the warm water of the large sit-in bath, in the bathroom connected to his private bed chambers. His arms are propped up on either side of him, elbows resting on the ledge. It’s been a long day – his twentieth birthday is fast approaching, and in their kingdom of Ethrendale, it marks the young Prince’s step from boy to manhood. The celebration is anticipated to be the event of the year; spanning an entire week and guaranteed to be filled with an abundance of food, drink, merriment, and no shortage of bodies Bucky can take to his bed at the end of each night.Slim, little fingers work the soap suds through his hair and press in tiny circles against his scalp. The massage feels as though it works straight through Bucky’s head, down throughout the rest of his body, and eases out the taut muscles in all his joints. His father, King George, had Bucky make a handful of public appearances throughout the market for most of the day. As the first born and heir to the throne, it’s his responsibility to keep up positive appearance and gain more and more favour from their people. That way, when the day comes for Bucky to step up as the new King, Ethrendale’s reputation throughout the Trafalgar Lands will remain a respected one.Ethrendale is, after all, the most prosperous of the four regions in Trafalgar; its inhabitants never go hungry, or risk unemployment, or go without coin in their pockets – even if their living is nowhere near to the lavish extent the royal family lives. Bucky’s never had to desire for anything his entire life. He’s used to getting exactly what he wants.With one exception.Every time his primary page-boy, Steven, bathes him, the Prince wants to ravish him until the smaller boy is a mess. Bucky’s known him since he was eight years old; back when the blond and his family had moved into the servants’ quarters in the furthest gardens behind the castle. His father, Joseph Rogers, had been servant to the King since before Bucky’s birth. After passing away due to illness, King George had waited until Steven’s seventh birthday – the year when page-boys tend to begin their duties – and took him on as Joseph’s successor.Being the First Servant to the King at such a young age was near unheard of in any of the Trafalgar kingdoms, but George had known Steven since he was an infant and had developed a fondness for him over the years. For the first five years of his placement, the King had appointed additional help to take over whatever tasks Steven was too young to handle, or assist in the ones his small, weak frame couldn’t do alone.Bucky remembers watching, and watching a lot. He wasn’t to speak to the lower class unless out in public, and he and his younger sister had always been especially discouraged from interacting with the servants that worked within the castle, unless they were the ones personally appointed to them. So, despite having grown up practically in the same household, their interactions were limited; near non-existent as children.But there’d always been something about the boy that drew the Prince’s attention. He seemed to fall ill frequently, and yet it never deterred him from working his hardest for his King. He followed rules obediently, with a self-discipline that, for others, had taken years of maturity to master. Steven’s eyes always remained down and on the floor; only looking up to regard his King respectfully if George addressed him first. He never looked to the rest of the royal family, and always referred to Bucky’s father as ‘My Lord’.It was around the age of fourteen that Bucky started having the desire for Steven to call him that.He’s probably only yearned for the page so badly over the years because he’s just about the one person Bucky’s not allowed to have – and the Prince is allowed to have anything. In fact, he expects this by now. If there’s something he wants, he only needs to voice it. Then it’s his. That’s just the way Bucky’s world works. He’s popular, both to the people of Ethrendale, and with his friends. No one argues with him or tells him no. In fact, if it wasn’t for the fact that he’s heard that word being used with reference to other people – or the fact that he has a tendency to say it quite frequently – he’d probably never know that such a term existed.It’s not that he’s a bad person, or cruel – he’s just a creature of circumstance. Spoiled? Yes. Greedy? Absolutely. But bad? No.Once upon a time, there’d been a girl… A pretty little thing, just two years younger than Bucky’s fifteen at the time. She’d been a servant assigned to Princess Rebecca and Bucky had made the mistake of voicing his desire to bed her in his sister’s presence. That very night, Queen Winifred had sat her son down and explained to him how the politics worked, being of such high nobility. The overlying point of her talk was the conclusion that as a blueblood, Bucky was expected to associate himself with others in the higher class. Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Medieval Times
Royalty AU
Prince!Bucky
Greedy!Bucky
Servant!Steve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Virgin Steve Rogers
Teenagers
Bucky is Turning 20
Steve is 18
Contains Brief Reference to Winterhawk Smut Scene
Its Purpose In This Is to Further the Stucky Pairing
Pining
Mutual Pining
Sexual Tension
Master/Servant
Consensual
Consensual Sex
Smut
Shameless Smut
Porn
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Page-boy!Steve
Spoiled!Bucky
Prompt was Inspired by Jack Benjamin from 'Kings'
Bathing/Washing
Bathtubs
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
First Time
First Kiss
First Time Blow Jobs
Loss of Virginity
Anal Fingering
Anal
Anal Sex
Come Eating
This Was Originally Going to Be Nothing But Emotionless Sex
well fuck
Not How it Turned Out
Stucky Porn Prompt Challenge
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Period Typical Attitudes
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Royalty
Obedience
Face-Fucking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

