Work Text:
Steve walks into Vision floating a few inches off of the floor of his bedroom, eyes closed and idle as if in deep thought. It feels nice to see the android after so long, and before Steve can dwell on the feeling of friendly familiarity, Vision's eyes snap open – clearly sensing Steve's presence in the doorway. "Captain," Vision greets. "What brings you by?" The android seems legitimately confused. "You knew we were coming today, didn't you?" Steve tries to mask his own confusion with a smile. In all fairness, he'd expected more of a reaction from Vision, but the android has also never been one for obvious displays of affection. Vision's face remains blank while Steve tries to lighten the mood. "And I'm not the only one who remembers our conversation about walls and boundaries, right?" "Perhaps you didn't understand my question, Captain," Vision starts, his words deliberately slower like Steve has some kind of trouble comprehending. "I was merely asking what brings you to my living quarters." Steve stops.  Vision's living quarters? Steve was pretty sure he hadn't been away long enough to forget where his room was.His lips part in slow realization when he finally takes in the interiors of the room – or well, lack of. For one thing, it's much bigger than what it had been, and it only takes a second for Steve to realize the wall separating his and Visions room had been broken down. The pictures he'd salvaged from his old life were no longer stuck on the wall above his bed. In fact, there was no bed at all. His wardrobe wasn't there either, nor was his desk. It was replaced by a white table with a single potted plant on it. That's the only thing in the room – a table and a potted plant. "Vision, this was my room," Steve says, the confusion still seeping in.  Where was everything?  "Yes," Vision agrees, looking around the room as well. "It was." "No– I meant– this  is my room," Steve corrects impatiently, looking around the room once more before fixing Vision with a stern look. "Vision, where are my things?" "I'm sorry, Captain," Vision says, somehow managing to sound completely apologetic. "I don't know. The room was empty when it was given to me."Steve purses his lips in annoyance, sighs, and then: "And when was that?""One week after you were labeled an international fugitive," Vision responds, and that's all the confirmation he needed. Stark owned the Compound, and this was him trying to take away everything he could from Steve without being forced to face the consequences. Stark had initiated the fight, all he had to do was make the single move that had things falling into place like dominoes until Steve and the team were labelled fugitives. It was all the reason Stark would need to kick him out of his home, going back to his  'I don't condone terrorism'  belief when the man only says that when it works in his convenience. Stark hadn't even hesitated to create a weapon like Ultron, and yet, belittles Wanda by calling her a weapon of mass destruction. "Stark did this, then," Steve says."That is not what I said, Captain," Vision replies, a small shake of his head. "Mr. Stark had no role in this. The Compound is under the Accords Committee. You'd be more inclined to blame them." Steve resists the urge to just snap at Vision's naivety. The android had always felt a sense of loyalty towards Stark – misplaced loyalty at best – because Vision was only created to try to fix his mistake with Ultron. Try to avoid the consequences before they could come for him. Vision was created to be Stark's get out jail free card, and it was  wrong that Vision couldn't see it. "The Compound is under the Accords Committee  because Stark allowed it to be," Steve clarifies, his words careful and sharp. "Am I wrong?" "You are not wrong, but you are also far from right," Vision says, which throws Steve into another world of confusion. "There is more to the situation than you are aware of." "Yeah, well," Steve grits out, turning around and heading for the door. It would be wrong of him to lash out at Vision when the one directly responsible for the anger was lounging somewhere in the Compound. "Leave it to Stark to complicate a situation any more than he has to."  ═════════════ The first thing Wanda notices is that someone's on her bed. The second thing that she notices – or, well, realizes – is that she can't get into his mind. The guy seems oddly unconcerned at her presence, and Wanda finds it hard to believe that he hasn't noticed her entering the room. "Who are you?"The guy doesn't look up from his book, flipping a page as if to emphasize the fact that he couldn't care less about her. "Do you people not follow the custom of knocking?""Not when there is an intruder in my room," Wanda snaps, once again trying to reach into his mind. The attempt gets blocked, and for a brief second, she wonders if he's like Vision. "Now, who are you?""Your room?" The guy finally looks up; sharp green eyes fixated on her. "I think you are mista
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
BAMF Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Consequences
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Loki (Marvel)
tony just whacks team cap with the truth
loki's like his cheerleader
The Author Regrets Nothing
Crack
Angst
Confrontations
Tony Stark Defense Squad

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Loki/Tony Stark

