Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony hated waiting. He especially hated being kept waiting. And he really, truly and deeply hated being kept waiting by Fury, who was obviously doing it on purpose, if for no other reason than because he knew how much Tony really, truly and deeply hated waiting.  Fury had been pretty circumspect, even for Fury, which was saying something, about the reason he wanted Tony down at SHIELD headquarters, and though Tony had put him off, let’s see, a good four times at least, Fury’s persistence had finally pinged Tony’s curiosity enough to get him down here. As he waited in Fury’s office, he systematically moved everything on the man’s desk ever so slightly, just an inch or so to the left, so it would be as disconcerting as possible. When that didn’t produce Fury stalking dramatically through the door, he reprogrammed the voicemail greeting on Fury’s phone. That was going to end up with a few awkward messages, Tony strongly suspected.  He was debating redoing the keyboard configuration from the traditional qwerty to something vastly more creative when the man himself appeared, circling around his desk and blinking his one good eye in confusion at the slightly altered placement.“You’re finally here, I see,” Fury observed, stating the obvious for effect because that was what he did sometimes, hoping the other person would be irrationally compelled to start adding information.“I am,” Tony replied, fingers tapping on the edge of the chair. “You said you needed me for something.  That it was important.  So, here I am.  Ready to assist my friendly government spy agency in any way I feel like.”  Tony nudged the suitcase armor that was leaning against Fury’s desk with his foot, just to be sure Fury understood where he was coming from.“I told you that nearly a week ago, Stark. Not so sure I need you for this project now,” Fury said, flaring out his long, black coat as he sat down. Dramatically, of course.  Tony was surprised the guy didn’t just throw out the jazz hands sometimes. “And what is the project, exactly?” Tony asked brusquely, already tired of the who is the bigger Alpha game they were playing.“We have had something of a situation arise. Rather unexpectedly, to say the least.  And now…we’re in a bit of a conundrum, quite frankly,” Fury admitted, somewhat reluctantly to Tony’s ear. “Someone reprogram the clock on the coffee pot?” Tony asked, crossing his legs and leaning back in the chair.   “It is technically twelve o’clock twice a day, so that seems good enough for government work.”“I forget, when you aren’t around so much, the many and varied reasons we don’t have you around so much,” Fury replied. “This is Avengers business, Stark, or believe me, I wouldn’t have called you in.”“Well, spill, Oculus, I don’t have all day,” Tony insisted.Fury sighed deeply and massaged his forehead with his hand for a moment before answering. “We found Captain America.  In the ice.  The Arctic.  He’s alive and he’s here.  Five floors below us,” Fury said evenly, staring at Tony.What. The. Hell. Captain America?  The Captain America?  Tony blinked, mind immediately drawing up images of the red, white and blue suit and shield, punching Hitler, the Howling Commandos, and okay, yeah, more images of the Captain that was probably strictly warranted by the history books, but his Dad had a file.  Sue him for taking a peek or, you know, a few.  Some.  Definitely nothing that could be labeled obsessive, strictly speaking, probably because no one actually knew about it, so there was that. “He’s alive? The serum?” Tony muttered, eyeing Fury with disbelief.“Obviously. We still don’t know all of what Erskine’s formula can do.  As you know, he was the only success.  Many people think that was because Erskine insisted on using an Omega for his trial, but with the formula lost, we’ll probably never know for sure.  Anyway, he’s here, and he is, by rights, an Avenger, so that makes him your business, Stark,” Fury explained. Tony recalled the photos from his Dad’s file, the skinny, sickly Omega kid they’d juiced up, something his Dad had once explained that Erskine had insisted on, choosing his own subject for the test. No one had any idea he’d pick an Omega.  Let alone one that was sick.  Even then, they were rare.  Certainly, at that time, no one would ever have imagined Erskine would choose to put one in harm’s way, let alone send him off to war.  Omegas had been considered frail, delicate creatures, in need of big, strong Alphas, or whatever the left over Neanderthal propaganda said, to protect them, take care of them, handle the cold, brutal world that was simply too harsh for them.  Tony remembered one of his Dad’s old war buddies remarking one time, decades ago now and over a lot of empty liquor bottles, that he couldn’t believe they’d ever let Rogers out of the hospital long enough for him to try to enlist.  Omegas too sickly to bond were consi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Fluff
Fluff and Crack
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Bonding
Instant Bonding
Humor
Love at First Sight
Protective Tony Stark
Ridiculous Crack
Crackedy-crack-crack-crack
Anal Sex
pillows
Inappropriate use of pillows
Bottom Steve Rogers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Omega Steve
Alpha Tony
Top Tony Stark
Top Tony
Bottom Steve
Fanart
Knotting
Anal Fingering
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

