Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It had been a hard fight for Ladybug, it would have been easy if Chat Noir hadn't stormed away in a huff because she told him she didn't want to talk about dates while there was an Akuma. She winces as she swings, her side screaming with phantom pain from being sliced open. She was going to have to take a break before she made it home, she didn't have cookies so she would have to walk the rest of the way. Why couldn't Chat be professional for once? Sure, she knew he was upset but that didn't mean he could just leave her! He'd never done it before so why now? Her side screamed at her again just as her last beep sounded, she quickly landed in an alleyway and de-transformed. Tikki popped out of her earrings looking worried as she clutched her side, she gave the kwami a weak smile then scanned her surroundings to make sure no one saw her. At this point she wouldn't put it past Chat to have stalked her to find out who she was so he could harass her 24/7, her eyes catch the eyes of a small child and she freezes. He can't be older than five and he's bleeding from several deep cuts along his chest, the trail leading to his spot suggests that he dragged himself here. One horrifying thought crosses her mind as the boy's eyes roll back, this wasn't done by an Akuma. She took off her jacket, ripped it to shreds and bound his wounds as best she could so that he wouldn't bleed out then picked him up. She ran through alley's in the general direction of the hospital but ended up at her bakery instead, she didn't have any more time if the little moans were any indication so she shouldered the backdoor open and ran upstairs. Her parents weren't home yet luckily so there was no one there to stop her. She gently set the boy down and used her fabric cutting scissors to cut through his clothes they reminded her of that one ninja movie she watched. It was then that she started to feel the panic growing, what was she supposed to do? She was just fourteen! She had no medical training if you didn't count the clumsily wrap on her ankle Lila's first physical attack but not the last she suspected, how was she meant to save this poor boy? Tikki nudged her cheek, snapping her out of her panic."I going to teach you how to heal him OK Marinette." She nods rapidly and Tikki smiles."Okay, place one of your hands on his forehead and one on the centre of his chest." She does so, the hand on his chest quickly gets covered in blood."Now close your eyes and think of what you want to do... What do you want to do Marinette?""I want to heal him.""Be more specific.""I want to heal his cut, I want to make sure that he doesn't have any enteral damage. I don't want him to be hurt anymore." She whisperers, each word makes her feel warmer."Good. Do you feel warm?""Yes.""That's great! Okay, now I want you to slowly push that warmth into the boy. I'll tell you when to stop." She does as she's told, slowly she releases her warmth into the body under her. She frowns after a little, there is something here. It latches onto her. "OK, stop." She can't, it won't let her. It's clawing at her, trying to climb the link! "Marinette Stop!" It's going to drown her! .... No, if she can deal with her parent's absence, Chat's constant harassment and Lila's cruelty then she can deal with this as well. "MARINETTE STOP!!!" She's sick of this! She's given everything she has and she refuses to give more! She is fucking Ladybug! Hero of Paris! She has kicked Hawkmoth's meteorically ass so many time's she can't count, who those this thing think it's fucking with?! "Marinette, please! You're using too much!" Fuck this energy thing! If it wants her magic so bad then it can have it! She pushes as much as she can into it, she can feel its happiness at first then she feels its panic as it gets overwhelmed. She vaporises it then snaps her eyes open, the boy below her snaps his eyes open as well. She blinks once, she could have sworn that his eyes were green not blue. Her world blackens and she tips forward.Damian was a failure, his grandfather had made that clear he left him to die in this unfamiliar country. Damian was a failure but that didn't mean he was a quitter. Damian was a failure but he was also vindictive and angry, he would prove them all wrong. He would live to spite them and when he was bigger, better, stronger. When he was these things he would hunt down the league of shadows and he would take his rightful place as its leader. These thoughts kept him warm as he dragged himself into an abandoned alleyway, his limbs too weak to do much else, a thump on the other end alerted him to the presence of another had grandfather returned to finish the job? His vision was filled with a bright red light for a second then he saw a girl, early teens and injured if the clutching of her side meant anything. He dismissed her as a threat until he saw the bug-mouse-thing? It was floating at her side looking... It had a look he didn't recognise on its face that mad
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug & Damian Wayne
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug/Dick Grayson
Chloé Bourgeois/Jason Todd
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug & Harry Potter

freeform: 
Badass Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug
Mom Marinette Dupain-Cheng
Marinette Dupain-Cheng Is a Sweetheart
Marinette Dupain-Cheng Is a Savage
Protective Damian Wayne
Damian Wayne Gets a Hug
Damian Wayne is a Little Shit
Child Damian Wayne
Adrien Agreste | Chat Noir is Obsessed With Ladybug
Mentioned Sabine Cheng and Tom Dupain
Alya Césaire Bashing
Lila Rossi Bashing
Bad Parent Ra's al Ghul
Bad Parent Talia al Ghul
Bruce Wayne is a Good Parent
Harry Potter Fix it
Slytherin Harry Potter
Toddler Umbrella Academy
Adrien Agreste | Chat Noir Bashing

fandom: 
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug & Damian Wayne
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug/Dick Grayson
Chloé Bourgeois/Jason Todd
Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug & Harry Potter

