Work Text:
One shit day in the late springtime, Bucky trudged to the clinic as usual and found he couldn’t get in the front door.“What the fuck?” he said, because sharp fricatives calmed him these days. He shook the doors to no avail and swore again. After the third try and a set of breathing exercises designed to keep him from beating anyone to death with his fake arm, he saw a tiny, minuscule, virtually invisible sign taped to the door with some faint, totally illegible scrawl on it that apologized for the inconvenience and indicated he should enter through the back. Grumbling, Bucky kicked the brick of the building as he rounded the corner, just for the hell of it. Just so the building knew he was really, really inconvenienced.  Bucky only went to the meetings at the VA Outreach Center because he’d promised Morita he’d take care of himself just as Morita took one last rattling breath. It was bullshit of Morita to go and die on him just when he was making promises he didn’t want to keep. He cursed himself for a soft-hearted dumbass every time one of Sam Wilson’s sessions came around and he had to roll out of bed, grapple with the itchy-ass prosthesis, and make his way down to Chapel Street. He never said anything at the meetings, just sat in the circle with his baseball cap pulled down low and his good arm tucked over his chest. He listened to the other vets spew out their sob stories and he thought of Morita, done in by the same IED that took Bucky’s arm, and Jones, who got to go home to Georgia two legs short, and Falsworth, who couldn’t get off the couch even to talk to his old pal Sergeant Barnes on the phone, according to his mom. Bucky thought of Dugan, who couldn’t handle being home and signed up for another tour only to bite it as soon as he got back to Iraq, and Dernier, whom no one had heard from in more than a year. Sometimes he would think of them and laugh, because weren’t they just a matching set? Didn’t they all deserve each other? So there he sat at the meetings Morita had tricked him into, a black hole of a man, and he couldn’t even feel bad about it. He had nothing left for this pack of strangers and the wounds they sported, so like his own and ugly for it. He wound his way around the clinic until he found the same room they always had their meetings in. A few of the regulars were milling around the coffee dispenser on the back table, carrying on conversations too hushed for Bucky to make out, not that he wanted to. By the lectern at the front of the room, Sam was shuffling some papers, and even though Bucky had never spoken to him before, had never even opened his mouth in this room, Sam didn’t seem surprised when Bucky sidled up to him and asked what the hell they were doing keeping reception all locked up like it was.“That contest they were running last year, do you remember?” Sam said.Bucky could feel his brow furrowing as he shook his head.“Oh.” Sam met his eyes, which he was always trying to do, and Bucky just let him get on with it this time. “Well, there was a mural contest,” he said. “Or a mural proposal contest, or something. It was open to vets and their families to basically propose a mural for the front room. So this dude won it, friend of mine, actually, and he’s going to start painting it tomorrow. They’re just cleaning it up, doing up a paint job, that kind of thing.”“Why paint it now if he’s just going to paint over it?” Bucky said. His voice sounded loud in the quiet of the room, loud and scratchy and hoarse. Bucky cleared his throat. Sam tilted his head.“Gotta give him a clean slate, don’t we?” Sam said, lips curling at the corners. “Canvas. Wall. Whatever, it’s gotta be sparkling. Can’t have no dirty foundation for high art.”Bucky huffed, and it was kind of a laugh, rusty and disused, and he could tell that it delighted Sam. Normally Bucky would scowl just to spite anyone who got any enjoyment out of looking at him as if he were a sideshow, but as far as Bucky was concerned, Sam was the best of the bunch at the clinic. He never coughed up weird feel-good new-age lies about feeling your feelings — he just told it like it was, even if “it” was about feelings. Bucky had gone through four meeting leaders before finding Sam, so he knew a good thing when he saw it, and if Sam wanted to go all curly smiles at him, well, Bucky would try not to throat-punch him. “You gonna say anything in today’s meeting, man?” Sam said.“Nope,” Bucky said. Sam laughed, full on head back throat bared teeth glinting laughed, and that felt — good. Bucky was having a feeling, and it was good. He smiled back, just a quirk of his lips.“All right,” Sam said. A few more people trickled into the room, and the vets in the back began taking their places in the circle of seats. Sam stuck his hand out and met Bucky’s eyes again. His were a deep, illuminated brown, ringed with black. Before he knew what he was doing, Bucky was shaking his hand, and Sam’s grip was firm and dry. The contact — Bucky’s first in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
background Nick/Natasha

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Minor Character Death
discussion of war atrocities
Disabled Character
Group Therapy
author's experience of group therapy comes strictly from participation
author is not a mental health care professional
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Artist Steve Rogers
Foster Care
Families of Choice

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
background Nick/Natasha

