Chapter 1: 0. Prologue
    


Notes:
This is an AU where Peter was a bit younger during Civil War, and so didn’t have his powers yet when all that was happening. Civil War happens mostly the same, just without Spiderman. When the fic starts, Peter has been Spiderman for about a year. Aunt May, Ned, and MJ all know, but Peter hasn't had any contact with the Avengers or any other superheroes yet.TW for major character death is for Aunt May :(Fic title taken from the Emily Dickinson Poem, I measure every Grief I meet (full poem in the endnotes)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
There was a white boy outside Rhee’s door, and she didn’t like the look of him. He’d been ringing the bell every ten seconds for almost half an hour, and Rhee finally gave in to open the door when Mrs. Whitmore next door started banging on her wall to “shut that damn missionary up or she’d shut him up, I know you’re home Harietta Lee, get rid of him.” Rhee sidled up to the peephole and looked through. It was clear even through the fish lens that Mr. Arrogant White Boy was tall, well over six foot, and pretty broad too under his white collared shirt tucked into gray slacks. Those clothes looked expensive, blaringly out of place in this type of neighborhood. The only reason he wasn’t screaming “threat” at her was because he had an extreme case of baby face, surrounded by a mess of cherubic curls, and he bounced back on his heels nervously and chewed his lip after every time he pressed the bell. He looked vaguely familiar, too, but she couldn’t place it from where.She curled one hand around a can of pepper spray and pressed the other to the alarm mounted on the wall that would call the police. She really didn’t want to get them involved, but she didn’t like the look of this white boy at all. He might not look like a threat, but he definitely looked like trouble.She yanked the door open as far as she could without unhooking the chain and gave him her best I-will-kill-you glare. She barely came up to his shoulder, but she’d downed greater men with lesser looks. “What.”He startled backwards as her face appeared in the doorway, but recovered quickly enough. “Excuse me, ma’am,”—he had a Tennessee twang about him, but only a subtle one, and Rhee felt a brief burst of homesickness—“are you Harietta Isaacs?”“Didn’t your mama ever tell you it was rude to go pounding at someone’s door for half a fucking hour?” she snapped in response. “Piss off, whoever you are, I’m not interested in whatever god or salvation or bullshit it is you're selling.”“What?” Confusion flickered briefly across his face. “Naw, I’m not a missionary.” He grinned wickedly. “Proud satanist, ma’am, but only ‘cuz it pisses folks off. No, I’m looking for a friend of mine. Heard you might know something about him.”“You heard wrong.” Rhee went to close the door, but the white boy stuck his foot in it.“Please,” he said, earnest-like, giving her some obviously well-used puppy-dog eyes. “His name’s Peter Parker and I’m really worried about him.”Rhee’s breath hitched in her throat. “I’m sorry,” she said. “I can’t help you.” She kicked his foot, hard, and slammed the door in his face.The white boy didn’t give up easy, she’d give him that much. He’d stayed outside her door for another hour, and only left when she’d finally threatened to call the cops on him for harassing her. At least he’d only needed the threat to finally leave her alone, and not the actual call. Rhee didn’t like dragging the pigs into her business. She saw enough of them in her line of work, anyway, most of the times making things worse instead of better.She sighed, and poured herself a drink. Gin and ginger.A soft knock sounded at her door. “Harietta.” A soft, female voice. Not the white boy.Rhee sighed and went to open the door. “Hi, Mrs. Whitmore. Drink?”“Don’t mind if I do.”Rhee helped her navigate to the table, kicking books and clothes out of the way so Mrs. Whitmore’s walker could pass, and poured her a gin and ginger too. She didn’t have any throw pillows, so she used a blanket as a cushion so that Mrs. Whitmore’s back wouldn’t bother her so much. Zora Whitmore was older than sin, with more replacement bones than real ones and less than half her sight left, and she was one of the sharpest people Rhee had ever met.“This is better with whiskey, you know,” said Mrs. Whitmore once she’d took a sip.“I know,” said Rhee, not taking any insult. “Can’t afford good whiskey, though, and I’d rather drink bad gin.”“Mmm.” Mrs. Whitmore nodded and kept sipping. “So, what’d your boy want?”“He’s not my boy, Mrs. Whitmore. He was just…a boy.” She sighed, all fight gone out of her.“He was persistent.”“Yeah,” Rhee agreed, miserable. “He was worried about a friend. That’ll do that to you, you know?”“Mm-hmm. That friend, then. He one of your boys?”“Yeah.” Rhee toyed with her empty cup. “You know I can’t tell you anything about him, right?”“Of course, of course. Was he right to be wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Harley Keener & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Original Female Character/Original Female Character
Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Harley Keener & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
Homeless Peter Parker
Trans Peter Parker
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma
Childhood Trauma
So much trauma
I'm Sorry
hunger
Child Abuse
peter parker is a goddamn superhero
Peter and Ned and MJ somehow become the parents of a bunch of children?
despite being a childrens themselves
does that make this kidfic???
Trauma Recovery
Eventual Happy Ending
POV Outsider
POV Alternating
an actual honest-to-goodness good social worker
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
oh god this thing is going to be long
Therapy
family court
Juvie
Police Brutality
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Angst
Systemic Oppression
Overthrowing entrenched systems of power
POV Pepper Potts
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Peter Parker
IronMom
And Irondad
Angst with a Happy Ending
Prison
Courtroom Drama
(sorta) - Freeform
Bureaucracy
just so much bureaucracy porn
that’s my fetish
Foster Care

fandom: 
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Harley Keener & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Original Female Character/Original Female Character
Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Harley Keener & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

