Work Text:
“I’m pretty sure I sucked his cock once, and I don’t know how to bring it up.”Natasha looked at him like he’d lost his mind. “Sorry, care to repeat that?”“I said, I’m pretty sure I sucked his cock once and I don’t kno-”She held up her hand to silence him. The older woman standing behind them looked somewhat scandalised, and Bucky remembered that talking in Russian whilst standing in a Russian deli was probably not the best idea. It worked just fine in the Starbucks next door, but they weren’t in the Starbucks next door, because Natasha wanted to pick up some pickled herring because she was home sick and possibly crazy. No one (not even former Russian ballet dancers) liked pickled herring. Bucky actually thought that moving to America again meant he’d never need to smell the unmistakable smell that was everywhere in the store. It reminded him of his grandparents.“No one needs to know about your sex life.” She pointed out. “You’ve not been here long enough to have a sex life.” She pointed out. “You literally got here a month ago, you can’t have forgotten already.”Bucky rolled his eyes. “I mean before, before I was sent away to live in the frozen motherland you seem desperate to return to.”His best friend (his only friend, really) gave him a look colder than the Russian winters he never wanted to see again, and turned her back on him. “Some of us had no choice about leaving.”“Some of us left for a very prestigious job in the most sought after school in the world,” He reminded her. “Don’t make out like you were dragged kicking and screaming from your home in the middle of the night.” He paused. “You’ve got a kick like a mule. If you didn’t want to leave you’d have a trail of broken kneecaps behind you.”“True.” She replied, still not turning around to face him. “I still don’t know why you’d leave though.”“Because I might have Russian parents and Russian grandparents and grandparents, but my sister and I were born in Brooklyn and its home. Home.” He looked at her back, the oversized scarf and hat that obscured all of her pale skin and red hair. “You understand that, at least.”“Yes.” She said, without turning. “Because I’m Russian.” The thing was, Bucky had been 17 when his parents were killed in a car crash, and Becca was 10. He was too young to look after her on his own, still a kid himself – still used to his mom making his dinner and his dad teaching him to drive. His grandparents were their next of kin. They would take Becca, Bucky too – but they’d have to relocate to Samara.Bucky had a choice, and he chose to be with his sister. He’d left his school and his friends and everything he’d ever known to go and live on the other side of the world. His parents had spoken almost exclusively English at home, so Bucky struggled with the language barrier at first, but soon picked it up. His grandmother insisted this was because his blood was Russian. He needed to re-take his last year at school, but managed to get an apprenticeship once he left school working for the shipyard.Becca on the other hand, took to everything like a fish to water – her Russian blood must have been stronger than his, because she seemed perfectly happy with their new life. She was at SSAU now, becoming a fucking rocket scientist, so obviously she got all the brains in the Barnes genetics. He couldn’t be prouder.He’d met Natasha on a night out, she’d been a dance major and he was a bit of rough at the docks and their relationship had been fast and hard and over almost as soon as it started. They remained friends though, because she liked his American ways, and he liked her sense of humour (hidden under several layers of fuck-off and eat-shit) and when she left to teach at Julliard, he wrote her emails once a week. When he told her that the company he worked for was sending him to New York, she told him that she would let him crash at hers till he found a place – and that had been a month ago. The guy who worked out at the gym Bucky used was American. Bucky knew he wasn’t just a regular American – he was pretty sure if you cut this dude in half he’d bleed red, white and blue. His heart was probably shaped like the head of a Bald Eagle. He probably sang the national anthem in the shower. His dick would taste like apple pie.Bucky was sure he’d sucked him off once. When Bucky was 15 years old, he fell in love with a skinny little asthmatic dork that sat in the back of class and drew pictures in the margins of his workbooks. Bucky had just been accepted to warm the bench on the football team, popular, loud, but (he hoped) a good guy. The skinny asthmatic dork had started Bucky’s school after being extensively home-taught. Everyone knew he was gay, because apparently he had no idea what high school was like and just told people. Bucky kind of admired that – admired the guts it took.A skinny, short, sickly gay dude was the last person anyone wanted to hang out with at high school. Steven Rogers, blond pale and weird, was relegated to the bott
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
High School Crush
First Time Blow Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

