Work Text:
1995               The Winter Soldier sits up to his chin in a snow bank. The white hood, white goggles, white gloves, and white RT-20 make him invisible in the soundless hills. The RT-20 fits against The Weapon perfectly. The Weapon holds the less deadly gun like it’s a dry twig.  Chambering the 20x110mm Hispano bullet, the rifle fires a 130 gram projectile at 850 meters per second. It punches through the armored car as easily as The Weapon would if it was 700 meters closer to the door of HYDRA’s (very recently deceased) premiere insider in the Serbian government.                 He watches the car swerve off the road. He pulls the bolt and reloads the gun. He reloads and fires twice, once at the escaping driver and again at the bodyguard. They are dead when they hit the snowy ground. The Winter Soldier is only cruel when he’s told to be. His mission is complete. He should return to his extraction point now.                He packs his gun and starts walking. He has been aware of the fact that he is running a fever for the past six hours. He’s also experiencing (crippling) abdominal cramps. He does not know why. He will tell no one of this. If he says nothing, maybe he will be put back into cryo before the fever burns through his brain completely. He knows it’s already begun. He can’t get the image of a certain profile out of his mind. The more he thinks of it the worse the pain becomes.                If he is lucky, perhaps they will Wipe him before they freeze him again.2014                He doesn’t know how to tell Steve about the cramps. His mate hasn’t noticed anything odd yet. Steve Rogers has too many tells to be healthy. Bucky is certain he would know if Steve detected something. He’s apparently the only one who doesn’t think it’s odd that Steve knows his body better than he does. If something is happening Steve will know. Steve kneads dough for the bread he’s making for dinner. Bucky watches him from the other side of the room. Bucky has a spot which he likes to sit in. He sits in his chair with his back to a concrete wall and eyes on the exits and entrances to the Tower’s common room.                Bucky’s too uncomfortable to be hungry. His body feels things he can’t verbalize well enough to speak up about. The sensation is not unlike when he runs particularly hard and his muscles burn. But that doesn’t come close to describing the feeling he has inside of him now.                “Buck, would you please turn the oven on for me?” Steve asks pleasantly, as if he hasn’t been secretly destroyed by every day that passes while he slowly has to accept that there is an imposter living in his mate’s ill-fitting skin. Bucky stands up but falters. Standing up is now suddenly painful for him. He makes no physical reaction. This will pass. It has to.Months Later                Bucky lets Steve touch him now. Not just small brushes of skin, touching everywhere with intent. Everywhere except there.                Steve tells him the bond mark still counts even if they haven’t had penetrative sex since it was replaced on his neck. Steve assures him they’ve done it plenty enough times. Bucky has vague memories that can attest to that. Steve says they don’t have to do any of that if Bucky doesn’t want to. That is the problem though, Bucky has no idea what he wants.                Bucky exhales slowly in the shower. He leans against the tile and cringes. Physical pain has become a part of his life again. He can still filter it out if he needs to, but as his personality comes back so does his humanity. Humanity hurts like a bitch.                “Bucky?” Steve calls. Great, he thought Steve went for a run or something that was going to keep him away for a while. Steve’s dense when it comes to him(as I turns out), but even Steve isn’t going to miss the fact that this is his third ice cold shower in the six hours Bucky has been awake today. Bucky’s been trying to break this fever but it keeps coming back. “Buck?” Steve opens the bathroom door just as Bucky turns off the water. Bucky tries to act natural.                “Hi.” So far so good. Steve looks at him oddly. He was correct in his assumption that Steve is not an idiot, he did notice.                “Are you doing okay?” The alpha asks as he looks around the bathroom at the overturned box of (mostly useless) medicines and the thermometer. Normally JARVIS could just monitor Bucky’s temperature but Bucky disabled JARVIS’s censors in their suite as soon as he arrived.                “I’m alright I guess. Just kinda…” He shrugs. “Hot.” Which is a weird thing to be in this winter weather. Awful debilitating pain is also weird, but he can’t tell Steve that because he’ll want to help.                “How hot?” His interest is alarmingly purely medical.                “103.” Bucky says as he rubs one of his eyes. “That’s okay for an omega right?” He remembers Steve saying something about that.                “Well sometimes but not normally.” Steve walks o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Heat/rut
Alpha!Steve
Omega!Bucky
first time after Bucky comes home
Impregnation
Mpreg
Prequel
Rough Sex
Size Kink
Weird Biology

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

