Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Okay, so Peter was an idiot. That was something about himself that he had come to terms with long ago, but even he was surprised when, instead of running away like a normal, sane person, he turned and faced the three men about to mug him.
He was no stranger to muggings considering that he had grown up in New York, but he had always managed to avoid being the victim. He was good at monitoring his surroundings, but for some reason, that night on his way to buy eggs for Aunt May, he had let his thoughts run away with him. And look where it had gotten him- stuck in an alley, about to get mugged.
There was an exit down the alley behind him, but he ignored it and stood with his fists clenched and his feet wide apart, watching as the men formed a semicircle around him.
One of them laughed and flicked open a penknife. "You seem awful eager to get robbed, kid."
"Not really, I just don't find you to be that scary," Peter replied.
His words were met with more rough laughter as the men moved toward him.
"Three against one. I'd say that's a pretty good reason to be scared."
Peter nodded. "True. Come back with a couple other guys and maybe you won't find me to be so intimidating."
“Don’t try to get cute, kid.”
“I’m not trying to be cute, I’m trying to supply you with the out that you clearly need.”
The grins vanished off the thugs faces. "You calling us cowards?" one of the other muggers grunted.
"It was implied, yes."
Peter was pinned again a wall with a fist sunk deep into his gut almost before the words has finished leaving his mouth. "Say that again," the thug breathed into his face.
"You really need to brush your teeth," was all Peter managed to gasp out.
As the fist jabbed his gut again he could feel one of the other muggers fishing around roughly in his pockets, yanking out his phone and wallet.
"Don't-" he tried to say, grabbing for the man, but was stopped when the man pinning him down shoved him into the wall again, so hard that his skull cracked painfully against the brick.
His vision blurred slightly and he heard the muggers laughing, only the sound was muffled like he was hearing things through a vacuum. The laughing cut off abruptly when a red and black clad figure dropped down and landed directly on top of the thug holding Peter's belongings, knocking him hard into the ground.
"Didn't anyone ever teach you how to play nicely?" the red figure asked the thugs.
Through his blurred vision he saw the thug with the knife point it at the newcomer and said, "Get lost." Was it just Peter's imagination or was the man's voice shaking with fear?
"Naw, but I'm having so much fun." The red figure certainly did sound like he was having fun.
There was a blur of red and black, followed by several grunts and howls of pain before the two thugs raced out of the alley.
Peter closed his eyes and shook his head, trying to clear his vision. When he opened them he was staring into a pair of black eyes sewn into the bright red mask. He would know that face anywhere. It was one of the most infamous faces in the world. He had even written an entire paper talking about that face and the man underneath it.
"You okay, little nerd?" Deadpool asked, holding out his hand to help Peter to his feet.
Peter hesitantly accepted the hand, rising unsteadily to his feet. "Yeah, just a bump on the head," he replied, wincing as he gingerly touched the sore spot on the back of his skull. At least it hadn't drawn blood.
"Good," Deadpool replied. "Hold on for a second." He whirled and kneed the third thug, who had been trying to sneak away behind them, hard in the groin. The man fell to the ground, howling in pain as Deadpool bent down and plucked Peter's phone and wallet out of the man's hand. "I'll take these back, thank you. Play nicely next time." He turned and tossed Peter's things back to him. "You might want to keep a closer eye on your shit," was all he said before turning to leave.
"Wait!" Peter practically shouted.
Deadpool turned in surprise. "What's up, pudding cup?"
"Um...." What was he supposed to do now? Peter blurred the first thing that came into his mind: "I can buy coffee?"
Peter could see the amused grin stretching out underneath Deadpool's mask. "So can I, but I don't think I'd want to."
Peter turned bright red. "No, I just meant.... Let me buy you some coffee. As a thank you. For saving me. I mean, for saving my stuff."
God, when did he become so awkward? And wasn't Deadpool supposed to the Merc with the Mouth? Why was he just standing there grinning?
"Can I buy you a cup of coffee as a thank you?" Peter finished babbling lamely.
Deadpool studied him for a minute before replying. "You can buy me a thank you, but who the fuck wants coffee? It's gross and bitter. Come with me and I'll introduce you to the wonders of substenances that'll put hair on that scrawny chest of yours. Come on, men!" he shouted like he was leading a battle charge before grabbing Peter's wrist and hauling him out of he alley.
It was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Angst
Humor
Violence
Romance
Action
Kidnapping
Spideypool - Freeform
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

