Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
"Loki!"Loki ignored his mother's call and ran from her chambers, the guards and servants getting out of his way as he headed for the stables. He rode out of the city on the first saddled mare he found. He did not give much thought as to where he was heading, only that he needed to get away from the palace, away from the place he had thought of as home his entire life; a life that was nothing but a lie.Adopted.
Jötunn.
The words Frigga had uttered still echoed through Loki's mind. Simple words that had utterly destroyed his view of the world and where he stood in it.The mare came to a halt, panting in exhaustion. He was far away enough from the city that the only buildings around were farm houses, few and far apart. This soon after the harvest season, the fields on the side of the small rural road were empty of crops and there was no one around for as far as the eyes could see. The location was as isolated as Loki felt at that moment.Loki was breathing almost as hard as his horse. The magic within himself in as much turmoil as his emotions; he was on the edge of losing control of his powers. Gently, he patted the mare and dismounted, leading the animal towards the edge of the woods that was on the far side of the path he had ridden down. Closing his eyes, Loki focused on his control and his breathing, willing the magic within him to settle.Once he was calm enough, Loki led the mare deeper into the woods so that they would not be spotted if someone came down the path. Tying the horse to a tree, he left her to rest and graze while he slumped against the trunk of another tree not far away. The grass was damp, but Loki didn't care, his mind was too busy replaying the earlier scene in Frigga's chambers to care about his physical comforts."From the start, your father and I had disagreed on how to approach this. If it were up to him, he would never have told you," Frigga had said."Then why did you?" Loki had asked, still reeling from the truth that his mother, his adopted mother had just told him."You deserve to know.""I deserve to know that I will never be good enough?" Loki shot back."No, you deserve to know the truth.""Why now?""Because it is still not yet too late."Not yet too late for Loki to stop his plans for getting into Thor's way. Not yet too late for Loki to realise that he would never be the golden son's equal because he wasn't. No matter how clever, how politically astute, or how skilled he was as a mage, he would never be Thor's equal. All his life, Loki had wondered why he never quite fit in with his supposed peers, and now he knew."You will always be my child, Loki.""I...." Loki had stammered before taking a deep breath to compose himself. "Thank you, mother. For telling me," he finally managed before fleeing her chambers as fast as he could.He needed time to think.From a young age, Loki had known that Thor would one day become king. Thor was the oldest, after all. It had been something Loki had accepted as a child without question. But as he grew older, he had started to wonder about what it actually took to be a king, the qualities that a king should possess. He had asked Odin the same questions, but Odin hadn't really answered. Through the time Loki spent at court observing Odin at his throne, he knew that whatever qualities a king should possess, Thor was still lacking. Giving Thor the throne now would be a big mistake, but it was no longer Loki's place to say anything. It was never his place, just as Asgard had never been his home."Asgard will always be your home, Loki."Loki looked up to find a simulacra of Frigga standing before him. Loki was a skilled enough illusionist himself to be able to tell the difference between a projection and real flesh and blood. Especially since it was Frigga herself who taught him all she knew of the craft. The sun was already setting, Loki had been lost in his thoughts far longer than he had realised."Is it?" Loki asked."Yes." Frigga's reply was resolute."What does... father has to say about all this?" Loki asked, finding himself stumbling upon the word 'father'."He's furious at me, but I can handle him.""Why didn't he want me to know?" Loki was suddenly afraid of the answer even as his lips formed the question."He wanted to protect you. We both do. It just so happens that we disagree on how to go about doing so. He thought by shielding you from the truth -- ""That I could lead a happy life in ignorance? Pretending to be a Prince of Asgard when I'm in fact a... a monster?""You are no monster." Frigga's tone was firm. "You are never allowed to think of yourself as such. Did you forget that the All-father himself is half Jötunn? That his mother, Queen Bastla of Asgard was Jötunn. You are a Prince of Asgard, and I will never let anyone take that title away from you, child of my heart." Frigga said gently as she gathered her dress and sat down beside Loki. The illusion felt so real that Loki could almost feel her body heat be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe
Time Travel
Jötunn Loki
Intersex Loki
Romance
Angst
AU
Snark
Genderfluid Character
Lady Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

