Chapter 1





Chapter Text
By now, Peter was almost ready to admit he needed help. He was the last of anyone he knew to find a soulmate. Gwen, Harry, MJ, Flash, even Johnny had all found their soulmates. He was nearly thirty and he still hadn’t met the guy. He hadn’t thought it would be this hard. After all, it wasn’t like Wade was a common name. Yeah, he definitely needed help. The problem (like always), was Spider-man. He met a lot of people as Spider-man, and as the superhero, they never knew his real name, meaning it was almost impossible to tell if he was their soulmate. He was also tired of going to friend’s weddings and getting asked about his nonexistent soulmate. So by now he would take any help he could get. Which probably explained the the truly terrible idea he came up with when he saw Deadpool. In his defense, right before patrol, he had just gotten back from MJ’s engagement party, and he was jealous and emotional. But he was also desperate. He hoped that was a good enough reason to justify swinging right up to the mercenary and poking him in the shoulder while he was in the middle of putting together a rifle. Peter did spend a few tense seconds with a gun pointed at his face, but Deadpool calmed down pretty quickly. They were both a little surprised when Peter spoke first. “So, Deadpool, when you kill people, do you also have to hunt them down, or are you just given their location?” Even through the mask Peter could tell Deadpool was really confused. Peter normally ignored or vocally disliked Deadpool’s killing habit, so it was pretty weird for him to lead with a question like that.“It’s real nice you’re taking in interest, Spidey, but it’s a little insulting that you think I’m just pointed at the target. I am skilled at all aspects of killing. I can track anyone. Maybe not with that weird smell thing like Wolverine, but I can find anyone,” Deadpool bragged. “Anyone?” Peter repeated. Maybe this wasn't so bad an idea. “Anyone.” Deadpool responded confidently. “Why?” “Well,” Peter paused and looked down at his feet. No this was definitely a terrible idea. This idea seemed worse and worse with every second. “I kind of need to find someone.”“Again, why? And can’t you just go to your buddy Iron Man. His computers see all. He monitors more people than the NSA,”“It’s kind of a personal thing.”“So you don’t want the Avengers to know,” a grin grew on Deadpool’s face. “Well, then you can count on me, so who do you need to find?” He abandoned the rifle and rubbed his hands together in anticipation. “His name is Wade,” Peter said as fast as he could, spitting the name out before he had time to really think about what he was doing. Deadpool frowned and tensed. “That’s all you can give me? Not even a last name? Did you get that name from your wrist?” He had said the last bit as a joke, but Peter froze just a little. Yeah, this was definitely a bad idea.“So who is he? I can find him no matter what, but I’d love more than a first name.”“Just a guy,” “Come on, you know you can trust me,” Deadpool begged, and Peter was sure he was pouting under the mask. “Sorry, but I really don’t trust you,”“Come on, you know I’ll never let this go,” Deadpool replied, "I'll won't stop annoying you until you give in," and Peter sighed, because the merc was right. “He’s my soulmate,” Peter said, barely louder than a whisper. “What’s that? I didn’t hear you,” Deadpool said, but he was laughing. “Yes you did, you asshole,” Peter snapped back. Deadpool kept laughing, but it sounded vaguely forced, and Peter could see him rubbing at his wrist where his soulmark would be. Deadpool stopped laughing suddenly and shooed Peter off the roof, “Yeah, I’ll find him. Meet me back here in a week, I should have something by then.”Peter nodded and and made his way to the edge of the roof. “Thanks,” Deadpool shrugged and grinned back at Peter, “Anything for my Spidey babe. Though I am a little jealous I’m not your soulmate.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Angst
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Falling In Love
Insecurity

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

