Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"He's not here."Peggy barely heard the voice, over the sound of an out-of-tune piano and men singing. God knew why Steve -- Captain Rogers -- liked this bar; she might have accused him of being just like all the other soldiers, but he generally seemed to have a little more taste than this, and he had access to the officers' mess, after all. She turned, seeking the source, and then she remembered why he probably liked this one better."Sergeant Barnes," she said. "I see you're making the most of your leave.""Generally do," he answered, slouching lower on the bar stool, elbows back on the bar. "Cap's not here," he repeated."What makes you think I'm looking for Captain Rogers?"Barnes snorted. "Like you'd lower yourself to anyone else here?"She narrowed her eyes. It was probably better, implying she was a snob than implying she was a slut, as other men who didn't like a woman in their ranks had done, but she didn't care for it either way. "I have the Captain's new orders," she said. "I know he's fond of this establishment." "Not fond enough," Barnes said, and Peggy sensed an undercurrent of bitterness there that confused her. "You won't find him here. Leave 'em in his bunk, I'm sure he'll end up there soon enough. Or give 'em to me.""God knows where you'd leave them," she said. "Well, then," he replied, standing a little unsteadily, "It's a good thing I'm off duty, Agent Carter, 'cause I'm pretty sure I can tell you to go to hell without getting KP for it." "Do you really want to pick a fight with me?" she asked. "On duty or off?""Right now I want to pick a fight with everyone," he said, leaning in close. "You just happen to be standin' in front of me, Carter." Peggy knew she should keep her temper, but a combination of weariness, poor impulse control, and self-defense made her do it. Her hand snapped out, over his shoulder, and she caught her fingers in the fine hair just behind his ear. Her thumb and palm curved around his ear, and she pulled; with a yelp of pain he staggered sideways until his head hit the bar. She held it there with her other hand and then reached down and grabbed his belt buckle, twisting it and the fabric beneath it. The crotch of his trousers snugged up tight, strangling his balls -- Colonel Phillips had taught her that one, with a grin and a wink -- and Barnes yelped a second time."And now I'm standing over you," she informed him. The music had stopped, as had most conversation. Peggy was about to release him with a warning when she heard someone clear their throat."Not to interrupt," Captain Rogers drawled, "but I'm pretty sure you promised me a dance, Agent Carter.""We ain't dancin'," Barnes said in a high, tense voice. "I can see that, Buck," the Captain replied. "Peggy, come on. Let him go. Whatever he said, I'll take it out of his hide later." Peggy released the belt buckle, then Barnes' hair; she stepped away and smoothed out her dress. "I have your orders from Colonel Phillips, ahead of tomorrow's afternoon briefing," she said, reaching into the map case slung on her shoulder and offering him the envelope. He took it with raised eyebrows, tucked it into the inside pocket of his uniform jacket, and glanced around. The music was starting up again, now that their little moment of street theatre was over. "Cap," Barnes said, and the sharp look Steve gave him was harder than she'd seen from him in a long time."You take your time, Sergeant, and cool off," he said, in a voice that made it clear it wasn't a request. Then he glanced back at Peggy. "I wouldn't mind that dance now, Agent Carter, if you don't mind me stepping on your feet a little." "I shouldn't linger..." she began, because this was strange and unusually forward of him, but he gave her a pleading look."Lemme make his apologies for him," he said, leaning forward so that Barnes, who had turned back to the bar in disgust, couldn't hear. "Promise, just one dance."She sighed, but she also smiled. His face lit up when she did that, which was gratifying."One," she said, and let him hand her out into the little open space that counted as a dance floor. There wasn't much room, and there wasn't much skill on his end, but they got along all right, in amongst the other couples. He hadn't stepped on her feet yet when he said, "I really am sorry about Bucky. He's not normally like that.""You're not his keeper, Steve," she replied. "You don't have to take his blame on you.""No, but he was mine for a long time," Steve answered. "He's my friend, so. We take each others' blame. That's how it works for us.""He didn't seem very pleased with you this evening."Steve sighed, eyes finding Barnes at the bar for a minute before drifting back to her. "You remember what I said after Rebirth, how I felt?"She smiled. "Taller.""The whole world changed. He didn't know what happened to me. Then suddenly I showed up, in combat, about the size of two of me from 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Polyamory
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M
World War II
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

