Work Text:

Peter wasn’t exactly skilled in baking. Baking involved a lot of patience and gentleness. But baking also involved a lot of precision and measuring and putting things together, and Peter was good at those things, so he felt like he 

should 

be good at baking. Plus, it’s nice to bake for someone on their birthday. And it was 5am, and he couldn’t sleep, and even though Mr. Stark hadn’t said anything about it, he knew tomorrow was Mr. Stark’s birthday, because Mr. Stark was famous and you could Google his birthday. And Peter felt weird that he was gonna be the first one to see Mr. Stark on his birthday, without even having a plan. So at 5am, Peter got up, pulled on one of Mr. Stark’s old sweatshirts that he’d stolen, and started looking up cake recipes. 

A few minutes later, he was in the kitchen laying out ingredients one by one. Eggs, milk, baking powder, baking soda, cocoa, vanilla, water - check, check, check. Just looking for the flour. Peter kept opening and closing cabinets in search of flour (there had to be flour here right?) until finally he spotted it on the very top shelf on the right. He climbed on to the counter, and reached his arm up toward the flour. 

Peter normally would’ve heard someone coming. Normally, he would’ve heard the elevator approaching and sensed someone coming. At the least, he should’ve heard the elevator open and footsteps walk in. But it was now about 5:15am and Peter was stressed and overthinking, and he was trying really hard to only focus on this cake project. Standing on the counter, reaching for the top shelf, Peter had just grabbed the flour when a voice rang out. 

“Uh, hello?” 

Peter spun around quickly, dropped the flour, then scrambled to catch it again before it hit the ground. He just barely caught it without falling on his face. And then he noticed War Machine staring at him from across the room. 

“Uh,” Peter’s mind went blank. “Hello.” 


Rhodey knew Tony had never liked his birthday. Some people find that surprising, especially given his playboy, party past, but Rhodey felt like he got it. Birthdays were always too hyped, and Tony never had a lot of people around him to really show him love. So Rhodey figured it probably always felt disappointing. Plus, now, he’s old. After a certain age, birthdays just remind you of your mortality. Not fun. 

And as far as Rhodey knew, Tony was living alone. No one should wake up on their birthday, alone in a big tower, to sit around thinking about their mortality. That’s why Rhodey had woken up at 4:30am to haul butt over to Stark Tower, so that his long time best-friend didn’t sit alone in his living room sulking. And even then, he was prepared for exactly that sight when he stepped into the penthouse. What he was not prepared for, however, was for a skinny, curly-haired teenager to be standing on Tony’s counter, 

in Tony’s old MIT sweatshirt

, reaching for the flour. This time, he’d really been caught off-guard. 

The kid seemed to be caught off-guard too, since he hadn’t gotten down from the counter yet. “What’re you doing there, kid?” Rhodey raised an eyebrow.

“Oh, I was, um,” the kid looked down at the ingredients laid out on the counter, face scrunching up.  “I was making a cake.”

“A cake…” Rhodey found himself walking around towards this kid. This kid who was apparently making a cake at 5:15am. “A cake for Tony?”

“Yeah,” The kid sighed and looked down at Rhodey. Then he seemed to remember he was standing on a kitchen counter and jumped down quickly. “Yeah, a cake for Tony.”

“And you’re…?” Rhodey asked. 

“Oh! Peter, Peter Parker,” The kid, Peter, stuck out his hand. 

Rhodey, even though his brain was still a few steps behind, found himself shaking Peter’s hand. “Colonel Rhodes.”

“I know,” Peter squeaked. “How come you’re over here so early?”

Rhodey craned his head to look down the hallway towards Tony’s room. “Sometimes, Tony gets up real early. He’s kind of a bummer about birthdays and stuff like that, and I didn’t want him to get up early and sit around moping alone on his birthday.” Rhodey turned his gaze back towards Peter. “I guess I didn’t have to worry about that though.” 

“Oh, no I guess not.” The kid smiled and shrugged. Rhodey scrunched up his eyebrows, wondering how Tony had somehow failed to mention that a teenager lived with him now. “I guess he does get up early, huh. He is almost always up before me on Saturdays.” 

“Huh,” Rhodey hummed. This kid seemed to be raising more questions than he was offering answers. But he wasn’t about to interrogate some teenager - a teenager who was making a birthday cake for Tony at 5am. No, he could save the interrogation for the birthday boy himself.  “So what kind of cake are we making?”

Peter whipped his head around, and Rhodey saw his eyes brighten. “Oh! Chocolate, Colonel Rhodes, sir.” Peter smiled. 

“You can call me Rhodey,” Rhodey put his confusion to the side and started making cake. 


The two worked mostly in silence, and Peter was gl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Baking
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Birthday
Precious Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

