Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text






 You're movin' without movin'
And when you move, I'm moved
You are a call to motion
There, all of you a verb in perfect view
- Movement, Hozier

Steve had never visited the dance studios before. Obviously. To be honest he hadn't even known there were dance studios on campus until his football coach told him he needed to loosen up if they had any chance of making the playoffs, and put him in contact with the dance class TA. Apparently, some ballet lessons would help improve his game, though Steve couldn’t be convinced that this wasn't all part of an elaborate prank; Phillips had always somewhat hated Steve's guts, despite grudgingly making him team captain, and Steve couldn’t shake the feeling this was a punishment of some kind.


He wandered down the dance corridor, which was considerably shabbier and lacking the sleek glossy sheen that enclosed the football locker rooms and training suites, looking for room 107. Contrasting music floated from beneath different doors as he passed, and Steve glanced through the windows for glimpses of the dances being choreographed within; he spied tap in one room, ballroom in another, and some modern, fluid dancing that looked more like contortionism than anything else. Thankfully he wasn't being sent to learn that. 


Then, near the end of the corridor he came to room piping chaotic classical music through the door. He knew even before he read the plate beside the door that this was the right room. The music was so loud, and the dancers so engrossed, that Steve pushed open the door and leant against the jamb without being noticed.



There were two dancers in the room, a man and a woman of equally lithe and athletic build, partnering each other in a dangerous — but highly impressive — set of lifts. The man elevated the female ballerina above his head, appearing to hold her effortlessly as she arched her back and extended her limbs into elegant shapes. Steve was transfixed, he'd never really seen ballet before — not outside of the Degas paintings he'd walked past in the Met — and this was world's away from the soft floaty tulle tutus and dainty elegance of the impressionist oil paintings and pastel sketches; this was sheer power and skill being demonstrated. The trust, the coordination, the athletic ability that must have been required to hold each pose, and then transition fluidly into the next? It was mesmerising. 



The man dipped the woman back towards the floor and she twirled (pirouetted? Steve was fairly certain that was a ballet term) away before extending an arm, trusting the man to catch her as she dipped forwards, placing all her weight against him to extend her leg behind her until she was bent into a vertical split, left arm and leg pointing straight up at the ceiling with an impeccable neatness.



"Argh." She suddenly gave an angry huff, dropping out of the pose and stomping to turn off the music.



"That was better." 



"It was shit, Barnes. Don't patronise me." 


"It's getting better." He amended.


"Only because it was fucking awful to begin with." 


Barnes. Steve picked up on the name and zeroed in on the man with renewed interest; Bucky Barnes was who he'd been sent to see. And fuck. This definitely was punishment, although probably not the kind Philips had intended it to be. 


Barnes was nothing short of beautiful; wearing only form fitting workout leggings that should be illegal with thighs like those, and a tight black tank top that perfectly displayed every dip and swell of his muscled arms. His hair was pulled back in a messy bun at the nap of neck, and Steve found himself transfixed. He may have spent his whole life in locker rooms with naked football players, plenty of whom were built, but none of them carried it as well the man in front of him. None of them had that posture or, Christ, that smile. Steve saw Barnes give the ballerina a wicked smirk as they deteriorated into bickering to each other in what sounded like Russian. 



It was almost too much, Steve was very nearly about to turn around and walk away, ready to claim to Philips that he'd been unable to find the dance studio (Philips already thought he was an idiot), when the woman noticed him standing in the doorway and snapped at him. 



"What do you want?" She asked, folding her arms and staring Steve up and down with barely concealed judgment. It didn't take a genius to work out that Steve didn't belong there. Anything from his varsity t-shirt to his loose tracksuit trousers, or his backwards baseball cap could have told them that. 



"I'm here to see Bucky Barnes? Coach Phillips sent me. He said he'd spoken to you?" Steve all but stammered under the weight of her glare and in the face of Bucky's intimidating attractiveness. 


"Ah, Steve!" Bucky grinned at him, and Steve may have been a six-foot, 220-pound quarterback for the college football team, but he practically swoone
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Ballet
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
ballet dancer bucky barnes
Jock Steve Rogers
Quarterback Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Ballet
Alternate Universe - College/University
Fluff
Strangers to Friends to Lovers
Shy Steve Rogers
Awkward Steve Rogers
Insecure Steve Rogers
Inexperienced Steve Rogers
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Confident Bucky Barnes
Halloween
Drunk Bucky Barnes
Accidental Love Confessions
oblivious boyfriends
Definitely not dating.... Nope
Typical nfl homophobia
But there's not too much angst
this is mainly fluff
Happy Ending
Demisexual Steve Rogers
Dom/sub Undertones
Light Dom/sub
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Non-Sexual Submission
Subspace
ish?
Hand Feeding
Domestic Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

