Chapter 1



Notes:
Welcome to the wonderful world of Love Island! If you've seen the show before, you're going to love this fic. If you've never even heard of the show, you're going to love this fic. This Stucky-heavy story will follow Bucky as he navigates the ridiculous world of a reality TV dating show that he knows nothing about, completely out of his element. Any of the specific Love Island idioms/events will be explained as we go along with the main focus on watching the relationship between Bucky and Steve progress in this specific context.To start off, those who watch the show know that a hilarious narrator occasionally supplies commentary to progress the story, and I definitely wanted to capture that aspect into this story. Any of those lines will be in italics and brackets, as you can see from the very beginning.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Episode 1 

[Ah, yes. Another fun-filled summer in paradise. The sun is shining. A lovely breeze is in the air. A piña colada is in my hand in the recording booth, and we have ten, gorgeous singles in a holding area, dying to meet each other and waiting to be introduced to the millions of viewers that will proceed to judge their romantic exploits over the span of eight weeks while they remain detached from the rest of society in a luxury resort on a tiny island off the coast of Spain. Without further ado, let’s meet our first contestant. He couldn’t be more excited to be here…]
“I have zero interest in being here.”
The producer glanced up at him, raising his eyebrows, from where he sat with his legs crossed on a chair beside the camera. He flipped a page on his clipboard. “Well, clearly you must have some interest if you made it this far.”
Bucky shrugged. “My best friend is obsessed with all this reality TV bullshit. It’s her absolute dream to be here. I found the application for her, but she refused to fill it out unless someone else did it with her. I never expected us to actually make it this far. Every level that we passed together just made her happier and happier, so by the time we reached the final audition, I couldn’t pull out and ruin her fantasy. She’s convinced that the two of us are going to meet our soulmates, or whatever, here, and then we can have matching weddings – or whatever.
“Being here, for her, is heaven. She’s the center of attention, surrounded by pretty people, and she gets an excuse to miss the boring training months of the summer season to relax in paradise for two months. Being here, for me, though, is a prison. This is hell. I’m the center of attention, being ogled at like a piece of meat, surrounded by airhead influencers who are only here to inflate their Instagram follower counts, and I’m missing out on two months of work, while simultaneously losing respect from my clients and colleagues every time that my face is on screen.”
“Well,” the producer said with a sigh, settling back further into his chair and clearing his throat, “that is a very nihilistic approach to my show that I can’t say I’ve heard from a contestant before.” He smiled. “I can respect that.”
Bluntly and somewhat shamelessly, Bucky admitted, “I figured if there’s a loophole to get me any chance of an early exit, one of the producers would know of it.”
The producer nodded but narrowed his eyes. “It’s not that easy. Your contract kind of assumes that you’re here to play by the rules-”
“I know,” Bucky said, not meaning to interrupt, rather intending to spare him the hassle of reciting the rudimentary stipulations of the 50-page document. “I read it.”
The honesty in that sentiment certainly caught the producer off guard again, piquing his interest enough to flip back to the first page of the packet on his clipboard and scribble down a note. “Can’t say I’ve heard that one before either.”
“Is there anything you can do for me?”
A pained expression preceded his explanation: “I mean, the fastest way to get kicked off the show is to call one of the girls a cunt or be deemed physically or mentally unwell by the medical staff to continue, but I can’t imagine you’d find either of those options particularly appealing. I could suggest another option that would be fun for both of us, but I quite like my job and don’t feel like finding another one.” Bucky found himself mirroring the man’s smirk, knowing that he was referring to the Non-Fraternization Clause in Section 5, which essentially just prohibited the contestants from sleeping with the staff. “Otherwise, you might have to stick it out, play the game, and wait until the first elimination, which anyone who’s seen the show before knows happens within the first week.”
By the way he spoke so simply of the concept, Bucky felt a bit discouraged to admit that the only times he had watched the show were with Nat, who only convinced him to sit through an entire episode by promising copious amounts of their favorite local microbrews from the obnoxiously indie-hipster gastro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Reality TV
dating show
Reality TV Dating
Summer
Vacation
First Meetings
Meet-Cute
Getting Together
First Kiss
Fluff
Humor
a smidgeon of angst
lawyer bucky
Romance
Flirting
Happy Ending
Updates Daily
Love Island
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Everyone
Sharing a Bed
Cuddling & Snuggling
Holding Hands
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Birthday Sex
Shower Sex
Oral Sex
Hair-pulling
Dirty Talk
Enthusiastic Consent
Lingerie
Stockings
Strip Tease
Spanking
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Anal Sex
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Daddy Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

