Chapter 1





Chapter Text
                 Peter wakes up face down in what he thinks is his bed. He rolls then flails when there is no bed where there should have been. He’s on his couch it seems. Oh. He rolls the other way and tries to get a handle on himself. He wipes his face with his hand and discovers that he’s covered with sweat and grease. Yuck. When was the last time he showered? He runs his fingers through his hair. Three maybe four days, he guesses. He stretches his arms out as he takes stock of his apartment. It’s not just messy-as-fuck this morning things are broken today too. Peter purses his lips and keeps stretching. The Tupperware that was drying by the sink is all over the ground. There’s a new crack in his window and the mirror (his last one) has finally kicked the bucket. The shards lie on the ground where no one’s made an attempt to clean them up. His spider plant, the singular houseplant he owns, lies in a pile of it’s own potting soil looking sad. Peter looks around and has a difficult time telling what’s recently been ruined and what already was in this state. He’s too damn tired to do anything about it. It always gets re-fucked up anyway. He leans his head back against the couch. Ah, that’s what it was. He was in heat. That would explain the dull ache everywhere and the nakedness. His eyes flutter closed again. Would that he could just go back to sleep and never have to wake up again.                The radio starts playing. It’s something acoustic and melancholy but fast paced. Peter mumbles along with the singer’s beautiful voice. He waits until the song is over before moving. That was his alarm, he should get up. It takes him a minute before he gets to it.                He kicks aside a plastic plate on his way to the bathroom. There is a note and a framed picture on top of the toilet. 
STOP BREAKING THIS! YOU BREAK THIS AND THEN I GET HIT! YOU’RE AN ASSHOLE.

-WADE
                Peter looks down at old picture. It’s his favorite picture of him and Gwen.  It’s weathered the years and the broken picture frames well..oOo.                He gets out of the shower and texts Wade.                Peter: Man, I’m sorry about last night.                 Wade doesn’t respond right away to texts. Usually he’s busy when he’s out. ‘Busy’ usually means holding a weapon. Peter tries not to think about what his long-time boyfriend, mercenary, sort of best friend does when he’s out of sight. He’s discovered over years of dealing with Deadpool, it is better to not asks. Peter puts a hot pocket in the oven and hits the button. He sits on the counter next to the machine as it buzzes. His phone chimes next to him. Wade changed his message alert noise from “Danger Zone” to the default tone. That’s not good.                Wade: Thanks for that. I don’t forgive you. I’m going to stay with Bucky and Steve tonight. They, unlike your (literally) ungrateful ass, love me. <3                Peter stares at his phone screen for a few seconds. He bites his lip in frustration.                 "Fuck." He puts his hands on the back of his head and his forehead to his knees. This shit happens way too often.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Depression
Past Relationship(s)
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha!Wade
omega!Peter
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Age Regression/De-Aging
of Cherik
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

