Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Hello, this is Peter, Peter Parker. I'm calling from Mr Stark's office, looking for Mr... Grant Stevens? Yeah. I, um," Peter glanced at the words displayed by faithful Friday on his second screen. "I was tasked with tracking down several objects that had been misplaced from Mr Stark's lab. Miss Potts— Yes, that would be great. Thanks."He typed the "call in 30 minutes" note next to that number, wished the man on the other end of the line a nice afternoon and replaced the receiver on his desk phone set with a groan.He didn't really suspect Miss Potts of hating him.He suspected her of trying to find him make-work to ensure he was busy until Mr Stark was released from the medbay and could again take Peter off her hands.Well, even if it was make-work, he was going to do it so properly, she was going to be surprised. And so was Mr Stark.Give a nerd a challenge to sort something? He will find a way to do it so painfully precisely you will regret it forever.Peter had already managed to clean the entire lab and workshop, picking up all the nuts, bolts, screws, nails, pins and other elements. He carefully measured each with a caliper and sorted them according to the diameter and thread, separating the metric and the imperial ones between two free worktables and then dividing them into appropriate containers. He even managed to make the label printer work and carefully marked each box, on every side.Then there were unfinished experiments and work-in-progress constructs. Each of them was documented with a camera (and with Friday's help, also in the surveillance), again labelled, cleaned around (dusted and wiped clean) and covered with a small plastic dome.Every tiniest piece of paper was recorded as to its place of origins and then stored in one of the printer paper boxes he had found on the top shelf of the bookcase, labelled with the section of the lab it was found in.The floor was swept, the windowsills were inspected for potential stray tech or debris, the tops of bookcases and the undersides of the tables were carefully checked. He had even taken a walk on the ceiling, undoing covers of lighting fixtures and air conditioning. Just in case. He found some bits and pieces there and, incidentally, flagged the building service team to replace the A/C filters.Then came the missing materials. There were some, very poor, records of what was bought and what was delivered and what went out of the lab and workshop, but Peter's task was to create a proper papertrail for each and every object that moved through these rooms and their related storages.Next week he spent in said storages, learning more about his mentor's thought process — at least in relation to purchases of materials — than ever before. He had never had the need to see one of these from the inside, since Mr Stark had always just given him anything that was needed for his experiments and prototypes, having a seemingly unending supply of chemical components and electronic parts. Well, here was the supply itself, and it was rather imposing.May had been a bit worried when he declared he would be taking the internship to full time during vacation, but Miss Potts supported him, adding the explanation that SI would up the college fund that was prepared for Peter (slightly) and would also start paying him the money he earned outright. That would only be for the days he worked full six hours (since he wasn't allowed more, as an intern and a minor), but the amount suggested as his daily salary was... Well, staggering. He would be able to afford his whole 'back to school' shopping, new clothes, new phone and maybe, if he stretched a bit, some new parts for his computer.So here he was, now, making phone calls for a long, long list of people that were marked in Tony's lab terminal as persons who had retrieved something from the storage or the lab over the years.He scrolled down the excel worksheet, marked the hour of the last call, added a note, switched to the next sheet and picked up the receiver.He would have to ask Miss Potts for one of these hands-off headsets."Hello, this is Peter, Peter Parker. I'm calling from Mr Stark's office, looking for Mr Will Samuelson?""That would be me, yeah," the man on the other end sighed. "What is it about? I thought the man was in the hospital wing?""Well, yes, that's... I mean, I've been given a task of, of cleaning up his lab and workshop and tracking down any missing equipment, and—""Calm down, kid. No worries. What do you mean? Why would you call me? I'm pretty sure I don't have any lab benches.""N-no, I'm sorry, sir," Peter sighed. "I mean I have to trace where various parts or finished products went. I have some objects listed under your name — I mean, descriptions — and if you could confirm that they are related to a project of yours or were transferred to your lab, I will send you the form to sign off and—""Sure, kid. Not a problem. Fire away.""Oh, thank you," Peter slumped in relief. "Um. High durabil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Team actually communicated like grownups
Everyone works in SI because cover story
Peter is an actual intern
No Team Cap bashing
Maybe a bit of Clint bashing
clint is a bit of a dick
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Secret Identity
Office Work
Artificial Intelligence
AI prejudice
Protective Pepper Potts
CEO Pepper Potts
Boss Pepper Potts
Siberia never happened
Airport battle ended differently

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

