Work Text:


Tony Stark pays for everything. He pays for the Avengers’ compound, their high-tech weaponry, and state-of-the-art transport vehicles. He pays for the development of their suits and the regular upgrades that follow. He has relief foundations set up for any property damage and medical bills incurred from civilian injuries during their messy missions. He pays for Chinese takeout whenever any of the Avengers are feeling peckish after a gruelling training session or boring meeting with S.H.I.E.L.D. He pays for everything.No one bats an eye that Tony pays for Peter’s entire tuition to Columbia and any academic supplies he might need. It’s pocket change to a man who has his own private space program. And then, when Peter moves out of his dorm during sophomore year, it’s only natural that Tony gives him a nice apartment close to campus. He owns a few of those buildings anyway. Also, a kid like Peter shouldn’t be worrying about trivial things like money when he’s busy doing friendly-neighbourhood superhero things on top of acing his chemical engineering classes, so Tony sets up a weekly stipend just for the usual living expenses. It’s no big deal.--Peter comes home to an expensive-looking paper bag sitting on top of an even more expensive looking box. There’s a hand-written note stuck on the bag that just says ‘Wear this tomorrow night – TS’He takes a picture of the whole thing with his phone and texts it to Tony.
Did you send me this?

Yup

It’s not a bomb or anything. Have you opened it?
The paper bag has something in Italian that Peter can’t pronounce printed on the side of it in fancy cursive lettering and contains a box that houses a handsome-looking pair of shoes in dark brown leather. Opening the other box reveals a deep burgundy suit and a shirt in a darker plum, almost black colour. The fabric’s texture is soft and luxurious and Peter kinda wants to drop everything and try it on right that minute. Instead, he texts Tony back.
What’s tomorrow night?

Rhodey’s birthday. St. Regis.

 I think a President will be there. Maybe several.

Figured you’d have nothing to wear.
He figured correctly, Peter thought. He feels a little light-headed.
And I’m invited?

Why didn’t you tell me?

Didn’t I tell you?

Happy must’ve told you.

Anyway, I’m telling you now.

You’re Rhodey’s friend, aren’t you? Course you’re invited.
‘Friend’ might be a bit of a stretch. Colleague, maybe. They work well together, have each other’s backs, trust each other in a way team-mates have to when it comes to life-and-death situations. They have light-hearted banter during down-time, the way all the Avengers do with each other. But this is like, a social function, outside of work.
Who else is gonna be there?

I will, obviously. I’m the host.

Exactly. So you’re not gonna be hanging out with me the whole time.

If I’m not gonna know anyone there and be standing around by the punch bowl all by me onesy, I need to mentally prepare myself.

No party of mine will ever have a ‘punch bowl’.

And also, hot young thing like you? 

I’m sure you won’t be by yourself for long.
Peter flushes. It’s not the first time Tony teases him like this. He does it to everyone though, not just Peter. But it still makes him feel a warm mixture of embarrassed and flattered whenever it happens.Peter puts away the gifts in his room and stands there for a minute to admire them. Aside from the multimillion dollar Spider-man suit, these are the most expensive things he’ll ever have put on his body. It seems a little disrespectful to hang them up with the rest of his old T-shirts.His phone pings with another text.
So are you coming or not?

Yes.

And thank you, Tony. They’re beautiful.

Great. Someone’ll pick you up. 8pm.
--The expensive suit fits him so perfectly that it must’ve been tailored. It’s not the first suit Tony’s made for Peter so it makes sense that he has his exact measurements. Somehow, Peter doesn’t think anything this fancy should feel this comfortable. He admires himself in front of his bathroom mirror and decides he likes the way it looks with the shirt’s top few buttons undone. It makes him look a few years older.Peter feels pretty awkward being driven up to the steps of St. Regis Hotel, the car door opening to photographers who don’t recognize him but snap a few pictures of him anyway just in case. The venue isn’t as big as he anticipated, almost intimate. He immediately spots Sam Wilson and Natasha Romanoff conversing in a corner and, relieved at seeing familiar faces, walks over to them.“Hey look at you!” Sam exclaims, catching sight of him. “Spidey cleans up nice!”Sam, in his dark grey suit, and Natasha, in a stunning deep blue dress, look like they belong perfectly against the resplendent backdrop of the ritzy hotel, while Peter feels literally like a spider that somehow managed to crawl through the cracks.“Do I really? I’m like sweating in this thing,” Peter says nervously, tugging at his jacket.Natasha links an arm around his. She smells
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Getting Together
First Time
Underage Drinking
(in the US)
20-year-old Peter Parker
Fluff
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Light-Hearted
drama-free
Daddy Kink
Panty Kink
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Riding
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
Sugar Baby Peter Parker
Graphic Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

