Work Text:
There would come a day when Sam Wilson could no longer put off a complete debriefing session with his Momma. On that day, Sam hoped to escape the conversation alive by glossing over 'following a juiced-up supersoldier on a brainwashed assassin's revenge tour' in favor of 'convincing a traumatized war hero to come in from the cold with the power of Wilson family recipes.'He made his first move in the Ukraine. The HYDRA base twenty miles outside of Lviv was going up in smoke. Sam had his shiny new Stark Industries wings locked in hover mode while he provided covering fire for Steve, who was sprinting out of there with Bucky slung over one shoulder. Bucky was bleeding from a huge gash in his hamstring, shooting into the flames behind Steve, and screaming, "SUCK MY DIIICK!" So, a normal day, aside from some poor bastard managing to land a hit on Bucky, which was just the opportunity Sam needed.Once they were at a safe distance, Sam landed and slapped a field dressing on Bucky's leg while Steve was still holding onto him."Dude, you need sutures."Bucky grunted, "Do 'em myself," which was exactly the kind of horrifying Sam was coming to expect from the guy."I'm sure you will, but you're still gonna be slowed down. Come back to camp with us." Usually Bucky split as soon as an assault on a base was completed, texting Steve with coordinates and a date and time for their next meetup.Steve gave Sam a sharp look, but followed his lead. "Yeah, Bucky. We'll keep watch.""Hell, I'll even cook some real food."Bucky wiggled his ass irritably. "Fine! But put me down first."Steve blushed and lowered Bucky to the ground. He tested his weight on his injured leg, scowled, and slung his metal arm over Steve's shoulders. "Okay, let's go." As it turned out, Bucky could even look menacing while hopping on one foot.Back at camp, Sam hauled out some of the items he'd stocked up on when he first got his idea: minute rice, cans of beans and coconut milk, and 'seasoning mix'. He would have been mortified to serve this to company in his own home, but it was pretty swank for out in the bush. It almost felt like an actual camping trip, except instead of little nieces and nephews he was surrounded by white boys from World War Two.Steve coughed. "Uh, need any help, there, Buck?" Sam looked up. Bucky was shimmying out of his pants. The number of knives still strapped to his legs should not have been surprising. His boots, belt, and the frankly excessive amount of ordnance associated with both were already laid out beside him, along with a suture kit.Bucky paused and looked at Steve for a moment, then handed him his ripped pants and a second needle and thread from the kit. Then he sat down, hiked his calf behind his head, and set to cleaning and stitching his wound with all the nonchalance of a cat licking its balls.Sam spared a moment to be thankful that this particular Howling Commando did not go commando, and resumed putting supper together. Steve, scarlet-faced, bent over his sewing. “That smells great, Sam,” he said desperately, "I can't wait 'til it's ready."Sam poked the thick, steaming mass in the pot. “It’s ready now, actually, but it’ll get better the longer it sits.” He hoisted it out of the hottest part of the fire and started rummaging around in their supplies, coming up with a lime, a knife, and bowls and spoons. When everyone was finished sewing and Bucky was reunited with his pants, Sam passed out bowls of rice and beans with a squeeze of lime juice on top of each.Steve, when he was confident that it would not be rude, could eat a truly impressive amount. He finished two bowls in the time it took Sam to eat half of his first. Sam was expecting Bucky to be the same way, but instead he ate a couple of spoonfuls and then stopped."We've got other supplies if you're not into that," Sam offered.Bucky looked down and twirled the spoon in his hand. "No, this is good. Really good. I'm just - waiting."Steve paused in engulfing his third helping. "For what?"Bucky muttered, "See if it stays down." He looked embarrassed.Sam could almost feel his ears pricking up. "That been a problem?" He tried to keep his tone casual.Bucky shrugged. "Less so now." He rubbed his belly, which, Sam realized, had to be pretty sunken for that bulky tac vest to fit as tight as it did. "Seems freezer burn is a lot like gut rot, 'cept it gets better."There was an awkward silence. Sam looked into the fire and thought more than he ever wanted to about the innards of someone who was repeatedly frozen, thawed, and re-frozen. "What were you even eating? Before, I mean."Bucky grimaced. "Some kind of liquid. Fake shit. Stayed down, but tasted worse on the first pass than most things do on the second."Steve looked ready to cry, or punch somebody. He settled for eating his feelings instead, digging back into his food in a more subdued manner than before.Eventually Bucky must have decided the rice and beans were low risk, because he started eating again and rapidly p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
POV Sam Wilson
Food
Overhearing Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Dirty Talk
Revenge
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Sam Wilson
Alcohol

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

