Chapter 1: A Gift
    


Summary:


“Well, looks like we’ll have to make some modifications to the plan then,” Tony said, catching Yinsen’s eye.
“I’m sure we can adapt,” Yinsen replied evenly, though there was an approving glimmer in his eye.




Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“You got a family?”

“Yes, and I will see them when I leave here. And you, Stark?”

“…no.”

“Ah. So you’re a man who has everything, but nothing.”

~*~
Tony had lost track of how many days had passed since he’d been kidnapped. He’d never been particularly good at keeping track of time as it was, but being stuck in a cave 24/7 didn’t help. Yinsen probably knew, but Tony didn’t want to ask. It wasn’t exactly morale boosting information.If he had to guess he’d probably say it’d been a few weeks, not including the time he’d been out of it after being operated on and then tortured.Nevertheless, it’d been long enough for Tony and Yinsen to have developed a routine, during which Tony switched between mind-numbing boredom and heart-stopping terror whenever he wasn’t working on the suit. The suit thankfully provided an excellent distraction, but Yinsen insisted that Tony take regular breaks to eat and sleep. It was during those breaks that for the first time in his life, Tony preferred boredom.It was even getting easier to push down his fear the longer he worked. It was always in the back of his mind, of course, but it was easier to ignore while the Ten Rings left him alone to work.Until they showed up with something new. Or someone, to be specific.As per usual, Tony and Yinsen placed their hands on their heads when they heard shouting on the other side of the door to their cell/poor excuse of a workshop. The door swung open a moment later to reveal their despicable host and his usual gaggle of guards swinging Tony’s guns around dangerously. Two other guards followed behind, dragging a small body between them.Their captor spoke, and Yinsen translated a moment later. “He says he’s brought you a gift.”The two guards tossed the body on the ground in the middle of the room. It took Tony a moment to realize that the body wasn’t just small, it was a child. A girl, perhaps five or six years old, unconscious and dressed in filthy rags that barely passed for a shirt and skirt, bruises visible on every inch of exposed skin. If it weren’t for the tiny whimper she gave upon hitting the ground, he would’ve thought she was dead.“A gift?” Tony asked, projecting his confusion over his rage. “Why would I want a kid?”Yinsen translated, and a short exchange of words later gave Tony his answer. “To relieve stress,” Yinsen said in an emotionless voice. “Since you cannot attend those parties you are so fond of.”Tony’s blood ran cold as he realized what was implied and he had to fight the urge to vomit. Did they honestly think he would be desperate enough to rape a child just because they tossed one in his direction and he might be horny? The very thought was sickening.He’d sooner seduce Yinsen.He knew he had a reputation; it was well known that Tony Stark slept around. He just didn’t do committed relationships. He liked his unattached status and didn’t plan on changing it anytime soon… unless the right person came along (or already had, but he was pretending his feelings for Pepper weren’t as deep as they were). Being in the public eye meant that the world thought his personal life was up for grabs, so he’d just opted to not have one. ‘Tony Stark the genius CEO and philanthropist’ and ‘Tony Stark the billionaire playboy’ were what the media wanted, so that was what he gave them.But while the media had said many, many things about Tony over the years that weren’t true — and even some awful things that were — not once had he been accused of rape.Why?Because Tony Stark being a billionaire playboy meant he’d never had to look far to find someone willing to have sex with him. As reckless as he was, Tony had long since learned to be very careful with his sex life. He took consent and birth control extremely seriously and wasn’t afraid to put things to a stop and be left unsatisfied for a night rather than for something to come back to haunt him down the line. It just wasn’t worth it.He took it so seriously that he wouldn’t sleep with a woman unwilling to use the condoms he provided. He played it off as a matter of preference, but he’d also had more than one woman try to get him to use condoms they’d poked holes in themselves in the hopes of “accidentally” getting pregnant. While Tony might be irresponsible, he wasn’t irresponsible enough to father a child before he was ready to have one. And he certainly wasn’t irresponsible enough to land himself in court, drowning in sexual harassment and assault charges. There was a line and, much to everyone in his life’s exasperation, he regularly did a tightrope routine on it.What they didn’t know was that he wasn’t stupid enough to cross it.He’d been on the receiving end of t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ho Yinsen
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
This story has got lots of tropes folks
sooo many tropes
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Female Peter Parker
Penelope "Penny" Parker
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Tony Stark Isn't Alone in Afghanistan (Besides Yinsen)
(this one isn't as popular as it should be
which is a problem 'cause it's one of my favorites)
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Adopted Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Orphan Peter Parker
Mute Peter Parker
Muteness
Touch-Starved
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
but don't worry
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
nothing graphic
Non-Graphic Rape/Non-Con
Underage Rape/Non-con
Rape Aftermath
Mentioned Skip Westcott
Mental Health Issues
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Dissociation
Iron Man 1
Afghanistan
Canonical Character Death
Human Trafficking
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Found Family
ironfam

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ho Yinsen
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

