Chapter 1: Just As Bad
    




Chapter Text
Howard coughed. He ignored the metallic taste of blood on his tongue as he dragged his unconscious butler to the car. Just about tossing Jarvis in the back seat, Howard climbed in behind the wheel. He ignored the pain and growing numbness in his left side and started the car. All of it seemed so good – too good. Steve had showed up again, albeit with a very vague explanation of how he’d gotten out of the ice, and he seemed the same as ever.
Then...this happened.
Peg didn’t seem to see a problem with it and she’d just run off with Steve.
Howard, meanwhile, rushed his butler to the hospital.
There were benefits to being rich and famous. One of them was how quickly you and yours were taken care of when you rolled up to a hospital. Of course, it might have been the extensive amount of blood on both of them. Howard was lucky. His left wrist was just fractured, but that fracture had been strained by his hauling Jarvis outta there.
No one actually told him off for it. ‘Truth be told,’ the doctor said, ‘if you hadn’t brought him here as quickly as you did, I imagine you’d have to find a new butler.’
Howard made the phone call to Ana while they were patching up the arm.
‘What happened?’ Ana asked, sounding like she was barely keeping herself from going into hysterics. ‘I thought you went with Captain America to track down a possible HYDRA base.’
‘We did,’ Howard said. ‘And they were there. But...it turns out Steve’s a lot more careless than I thought. He paid absolutely no attention to what was going on around him while he was fighting.’
‘...Is Edwin going to be all right?’
‘If I have anything to say about it, he will.’
The next call he made was to Phillips.
‘Shit.’ The old colonel let out a grumble when Howard told him what’d happened. ‘Well, this is a goddamn mess, isn’t it? Any idea how he came back yet?’
‘Not a clue. He’s very tight-lipped about it. Peg might know, but I’m not sure.’
Phillips was silent for a moment. ‘How’s your man?’
‘Still in surgery.’ At this point, Howard was sitting in an office. The outside had become too crowded, as more and more people were admitted. All of them came from around the same area as Howard had dragged Jarvis back from. And many of them were even more severely hurt than Howard and Jarvis had been. This was just as bad as any bomb he’d ever created.
So much for the one thing he’d done that hadn’t brought destruction to the world!
Howard considered that the only reason that he hadn’t seen it before was because of the war. All of the damage Steve had been doing then had been on the enemy. So, none of them cared. If he was doing that to Nazis, it was a good thing and no one considered it destruction. They considered it beating the bad guys.
But they weren’t at war anymore.

***
When Stark had called him up and told him what’d happened, Phillips decided it was time.So, he headed back stateside and went to the hospital Stark had called him from. The kind of damage Rogers was capable of meant that Stark was probably still at the hospital. He was a good guy; the kind of guy that cared about his men above all else (even if they weren’t soldiers and weren’t all men), despite what Carter liked to tell herself.
Sure enough, Stark was still at the hospital. He was pacing as far as the telephone cord would allow as he yammered on to someone from his company, probably still attending to his business while he was here. Phillips glanced through the window into the room. The butler was laid out on the bed, wrapped up in so much plaster and so many bandages he almost looked like a mummy. There was a redheaded woman sitting by his bedside.
Phillips presumed she must be his wife – the woman he was accused of treason and nearly executed for.
(Yes, Stark had told Phillips what’d really happened there.)
As Phillips looked back at Stark, his scowl deepened. Stark’s face was littered with scrapes and his left arm was in a brace, so it looked like he hadn’t escaped Rogers’ “Righteous Rampage” unscathed either. And God knew where the hell Rogers had run off to now. Carter was probably with him, knowing her.
Stark glanced over at him. ‘All right. Well, I’ll call you back in an hour or so. I have other business to attend to now.’ He hung up. ‘Phillips.’
‘Stark.’ He nodded his head. ‘Glad to see you’re still in one piece.’
Howard pulled a face and looked back down the hallway Phillips had just come from. This particular hospital did not have an adjoining morgue. While the body count was tiny compared to what happened in the war, it was still too big for the facilities available to the civilian doctors here. There weren’t a lot of places they could put them. Stark looked back at him. ‘So, if you’re here, I take it the brass aren’t too happy with the latest turn of events?’
‘Not even remotely,’ Phillips said. ‘It was one thing doing that to Nazis and Axis nations in the war. It’s quite another thing doing it on American soil in peacetime.’
‘Yeah, that’s what I thou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (background)
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Ana Jarvis/Edwin Jarvis
Peggy Carter & Edwin Jarvis & Howard Stark
Ana Jarvis & Howard Stark
Ana Jarvis & Morgan Stark
Howard Stark & Morgan Stark
Steve Rogers & Howard Stark
Peggy Carter & Chester Phillips
Chester Phillips & Steve Rogers
Chester Phillips & Morgan Stark
Peggy Carter & Morgan Stark
Steve Rogers & Morgan Stark
Edwin Jarvis & Morgan Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark (background)
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark & Morgan Stark (background)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Team Tony
Not Steve Friendly
Not Peggy Friendly
Apocalypse Situation
Rewritten Timeline
Dimensional Travel
Time Travel
Last Resort
Don't like
Don't read
Period Typical Attitudes

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (background)
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Ana Jarvis/Edwin Jarvis
Peggy Carter & Edwin Jarvis & Howard Stark
Ana Jarvis & Howard Stark
Ana Jarvis & Morgan Stark
Howard Stark & Morgan Stark
Steve Rogers & Howard Stark
Peggy Carter & Chester Phillips
Chester Phillips & Steve Rogers
Chester Phillips & Morgan Stark
Peggy Carter & Morgan Stark
Steve Rogers & Morgan Stark
Edwin Jarvis & Morgan Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark (background)
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark & Morgan Stark (background)

