Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The potato sack catches on Tony's ears as it's pulled off his head, and the Afghan sun immediately blinds him.Somebody shoves him from behind.Disoriented as he is by the sun's glare, Tony misses the way the terrain slopes down. The weight of the car battery makes him tip sideways, and he nearly falls.Only the man who saved his life grabbing him by the elbow keeps him upright.His hand is all spidery fingers, more suited to clockwork or a piano than playing Operation with Tony's ribcage, but it's strong. It's a claw in Tony's flesh, begging him to pay attention.And pay attention Tony does. He squints his eyes and looks around, seeing men in rags with rifles hanging off their necks. Seeing piles and piles of rocket launchers, submachine guns, assault rifles, missiles, grenades—all with his name on them.His weapons.In the hands of terrorists.And here he's just agreed to build them more just to stop the torture.Tony clutches the car battery closer, feeling its harsh lines dig into his stomach. His chest hurts, and it's not all because of the holes someone dug around in to fish out shrapnel or the electromagnet embedded in it.Abu Bakaar says something in some language that isn't English. A new one that Tony hasn't learned enough of yet to translate.The man who mined his chest for shrapnel does it for him. "He wants to know what you think."Tony looks Abu in the eyes. "I think they've got a lot of my weapons," he answers. Stating the obvious would make it sound like a joke, except there's no punchline.His captor turns to the cache with open hands and a proud smile. He says something long and loud, looking around, making sure everyone is hearing."He says they have everything you need to build a Jericho Missile," the man who hooked Tony's heart to a battery translates, sounding bored. His accent is approximately British; the mark of a man who learned it in a school. His glasses and his balding head make him look meek. "He wants you to make the list of materials."Tony watches Abu like a hawk; Raza watches him right back."He says for you to start working immediately," the man who saved his life—Tony still can't wrap his head around that one—continues. His voice is now tinted with irony, like he can't actually believe this is happening. "When you're done, he will set you free."Their captor offers Tony his hand. His eyes say, Come on, choose wisely.Tony shakes it and grins, because there is the punchline. "No, he won't," he tells his only friend, smiling at Abu Bakaar like a politician smiles at his opposing number in a televised debate."No, he won't," his fellow captive confirms, smiling too.*The desert is cold as fuck at night.Tony acts grateful for the woolen beanie and fingerless gloves they gave him—amazing what ceasing to resist can do for his hosts' hospitality—but he isn't. He's not grateful for basic human decency; they only did it because if he dies of hypothermia or his fingers freeze off, they get no Jericho. But what does it matter, when he's dying either way? Either the shrapnel gets to his heart, or the Tony tries to escape through the maze of cave systems and they shoot him down.There is no way out."I'm sure they're looking for you, Stark," says the man who saved his life in vain, pacing. "But they will never find you in these mountains."Of course he will, Tony thinks, eyes fixed upon the crackling fire. But not in time. He pulls the blanket tighter around his shoulders. Huddling around a fire in an oil drum while covered in dirty woolen layers is undignified, but dammit, who cares. His chest hurts more than his pride.The man plops down in front of him, or as close as he can get when Tony is facing the fire. "Look," he says, sounding ready for a little heart-to-heart—like he's staging an intervention for a friend. "What you just saw, that is your legacy, Stark. Your life's work, in the hands of those murderers."Yep. Tony called it. He tries to smile, but his mouth tastes too bitter. He doesn't answer or even move at all, not wanting to encourage his cellmate to tell him what he already knows."Is that how you want to go out?" the man asks. Soft. Not gentle.Shut up, Tony thinks, shaking from cold and imminent death. It's going to happen, he just knows it. And this time, there's no one to bail him out. There's no waking up. He should do something, yes, but what's the point?"Is this the last act of defiance of the great Tony Stark?" his tormentor demands, disgusted at Tony's passivity.Shut. Up. Tony thinks again, wishing he could put this man on mute. He doesn't need to hear this. He already knows.Yet the man he owes his life to presses on, relentless. "Or are you going to do something about—""Why should I do anything?" Tony interrupts, sick and tired already. Maybe if he says something ugly enough, he'll be left alone? He needs to be alone. "They're going to kill me, you, either way." Even if he somehow manages... "And if they don't I'll probably be dead in a week." And Loki will a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Dub-con elements
Animal Attack
Consentacles
Recreational Drug Use
FrostIron - Freeform
Monster!Loki
Kid Tony Stark
College student Tony

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)

