Chapter 1



Notes:
Tagged for Avengers due to chapter 15, but the story is largely Thor-centric.
Through the courtesy and hard work of user bunnxxx, this story is now available in Vietnamese! Translation can be found here: http://littlebun289.wordpress.com/2014/03/31/trans-thor-fanfiction-suffer-the-children-thorki/




Chapter Text
Loki had always loved watching his brother spar.
Even in their younger days, he had observed his older brother with an adoration so fierce it was nearly idolization as Thor took up the challenge of whatever weapon was handed to him, moving with the grace and assuredness that came with years of practice to best his opponent. As a small child, standing at the edge of the grounds, he had dreamed of the day when he too would pick up the dummy weapons and join the fights at his brother’s side.
But the years had not favored that fantasy.
Loki had grown into a tall, lanky form, lacking the hardiness and power that his brother possessed. He was cunning, yes, infinitely more so than his somewhat thickheaded sibling, but in Loki’s opinion it was a poor substitute for his lack of physical ability. Intelligence, he reasoned, was something one could expound on through experience. What Thor had was something else entirely.
He envied Thor for it, yet admired him in the same measure. All too often he’d wished that he possessed that prowess, that confidence in battle, but it was rewarding in its own way to watch his brother strike down a foe with utter ease.
Striking down foes was exactly what Thor was doing today, which was why Loki was perched at the edge of the grounds, under the shade of a scrappy birch tree. He preferred to watch from a distance, far enough away to be out of sight and mind, but close enough to still see the action.
The sparring was rather casual today, the group consisting of Thor, his steady companions, and a few Einherjar, the fallen warriors Odin kept in his hall. Loki had only been invited to practice with them on one occasion, and his subsequent poor performance ensured that it would be the only invite he would ever receive.  That didn’t stop him from watching, however, and he had learned much from just viewing the fights, although he doubted he would ever put any of that knowledge to use.
His brother’s weapon of choice for today happened to be a small shield and a spear, and he was doing rather well, although he had a tendency to leave his right side open. It wasn’t hampering him as much as it should have, because few opponents chose to capitalize on it between Thor’s vicious blows.
Loki knew his brother was well aware of his presence here, and Thor had even glanced over a few times, smiling once at his forlorn sibling. Loki had returned a twitch of a grin.
Thor knew better than to acknowledge his brother out here. Loki’s brief trials in the ring had started and ended poorly. At sixteen, like all Aesir boys, he was finally permitted to take up a sword and shield (or whatever weapons he preferred), as was the custom. Loki had lasted one afternoon, getting battered about, but rising to his feet each time with more and more determination. It wasn’t enough to impress his father, however, who had him quietly pulled from training, formally stating that Loki would strengthen his other talents.
It was something Loki had never forgiven their father for.
The rounds were finishing up now, the warriors packing up their equipment and clearing out of the ring. Loki remained under his tree, absentmindedly peeling off some of the papery bark. It crinkled and cracked in his hand before coming free, and he twisted it in his fingers, looking at the soft contrast of white bark on his pale skin.
His physique had always been delicate—milk-white flesh, fine bones, wide eyes. His brother was hardy, with tan skin and sandy hair and clear, enticing blue eyes. Loki felt like a sickly runt next to him, and he was sure that opinion was the consensus amidst the population. Thor was the golden boy, destined to be king and to live up to his father’s name. Loki was the frail prince, the one that was quietly shushed up in the palace, rarely seen nor heard for fear of the shame he would bring to his house.
The scrap of bark fluttered in his hand with the coming breeze, and he squeezed it, softly, ensuring that it did not fly away. Most of the warriors were gone now, his brother leaving with the last of the Einherjar and Sif. Loki saw them go, knowing that he should wait until they were past the gates and back within the palace before he even thought about leaving his perch.
He saw his brother draw close to Sif, putting his thick arm around her narrow, graceful shoulders. Jealousy fluttered through him at the sight. He wanted to be Sif, wanted to be like her, like Hogun and Fandral and the others—he wanted to be strong and powerful and respected more than anything.
He wanted to be like Thor.
Perhaps, then, if he were more like his brother—more fearsome, radiant and confident—he would be worthy of his br
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Other(s)
Loki/Thor
Loki/Angrboda
Loki/Sigyn
Steve Rogers/Thor
Jane Foster/Thor
Sif/Thor
Jarnsaxa/Thor

freeform: 
Norse Mythology - Freeform
Dubious Consent
Child Abuse
Alternate Universe
Alternate Canon
Self-Harm
Suicide Attempt
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Other(s)
Loki/Thor
Loki/Angrboda
Loki/Sigyn
Steve Rogers/Thor
Jane Foster/Thor
Sif/Thor
Jarnsaxa/Thor

