Chapter 1: Iron Man Always Plunges Head First Into The Combat Zone
    


Notes:
Hello again, folks! It's good to be bringing this naughty fic back! :D
PART TWO!!! PORN FOR EVERYONE!! YAY!! ^.^
This time, with the other Avengers who I missed out in the last fiction. But that's not to say I won't be bringing back a few from the previous installment ;)
I really, really, really hope this first chapter of part two does NOT disappoint! :D
Enjoy! By the way, apologies for any errors or missed letters/words. I was getting a bit sleepy when I posted this :3

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
You quickly comb your fingers through your hair, taming any unruly locks, then check the small amount of make-up you've used in the miniscule, rectangular mirror of your car's sun visor. You purse your lips in a sensual pout and look up at your reflection through mascara-coated lashes, coquettishly. You find yourself trialling a series of flirtatious expressions, in preparation for your first day at Stark Tower. Well aware that your career doesn't solely consist of sitting at a desk, filling out any paperwork, creating spreadsheets and, sporadically, acting as Tony Stark's PA- you wanted to look sophisticated and sexy for the city's perpetually libidinous heroes, who evidently enjoy showing employees the additional benefits of super-soldier serum, intensive training or unbridled lust.Realising the guy in the car beside yours in the parking lot is watching you with a bemused smirk, you promptly snap the sun guard back up and give him a defiant look, before snatching up your handbag and stepping out of your car. His smirk fades when catches a glimpse of your work outfit, and his expression is simply a picture of beguilement.You selected your attire carefully in the morning. You're wearing a figure-hugging, short sleeve, [colour that you find most flattering to wear], low-cut top with a square neckline, a form-fitting, 'shorter-than-regulation-would-allow', onyx grey skirt, complete with a matching belt tied into an elegant bow- the remaining length of the fabric draping down stylishly, and sleek, glossy [matching the colour of the top] kitten heels.You look gorgeous, and you damn well know it, so you lift your hand to your mouth, press a kiss against your fingertips and purse your lips to mime blowing the kiss in his direction. Opting not to stay and see his reaction, you walk off towards Stark Tower, a confident sway in your hips.When you stride in through the entrance, you wave jauntily at the bubbly-natured, yet softly spoken receptionist-Melissa-and greet her with a melodic lilt to your voice, whilst making a purposeful beeline for the elevator. For security's sake, you have to lean forward to allow a retinal scan to be performed. Once the gadget verifies your status at the Tower, you wait for a few moments before the doors slide open with a mechanical whisper, revealing two other passengers.Natasha Romanov and Clint Barton. You smile genially at the both of them, then step into the elevator."What floor are you on?" Natasha asks, in a smoky, dulcet voice, when the doors shut almost soundlessly."Admin." You reply shyly. A blush tints your cheeks a shade of pink."You heard the lady, JARVIS." Clint says amiably to the AI."Indeed I did, Mr Barton. Welcome back, Miss [Your Last Name]. " JARVIS greets you cordially."Hi, JARVIS, nice to...um...hear you again." Do artifical intelligence programs appreciate sentiment? Or did that just sound weird?You contemplate."Thank you, Miss [Your Last Name]. Your expression of familiarity is reciprocated .""I think JARVIS has a soft spot for you, [Your Name]." Clint jokes affably."Mr Barton, it would be impossible for me to possess a 'soft spot', considering my components are entirely inorganic. ""And the magic is gone..." Natasha pipes up. "So you're this new admin girl I've been hearing about?" She then proceeds to ask."What have you heard about me, then?" You inquire, turning your head to look at the fierce, beautiful Russian seductively. You feel her close the space between the two of you."All the things you wanted me to hear." She says silkily."Hmm?""That you enjoy having a  mouth between those delicious looking thighs of yours-" Natasha purrs into your ear, gliding her fingers up the bare skin of your revealed thighs. A shiver dances along your spine and through your loins."Uh huh?""That you love, you absolutely, whole-heartedly adore.... having super-soldier and demi-god dick inside of you-" She adds, slipping her hand up your skirt, and tracing over your parts in slow, deliberate circles through the fabric of your underwear."Uh...anything else?" You reply, nearly breathless. She presses her soft body to your back, fitting into the curvature of your spine perfectly"And that you sound unbelievably hot when you come." She speaks to you as though you're already a lover, her breath warm in your ear and against your neck, her titilating words
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Clint Barton/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Employment is incredibly fun with the Avengers
Explicit Sexual Content
Sex
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Threesome - F/F/M
Vaginal Fingering
Table Sex
Touching
Groping
Tony Stark can't keep his hands off you ;)
Multiple Sex Positions
SO MANY SEX TAGS
Possibility of romance
Porn with very slight feelings
Reader is wonderfully sassy!
Threesome - F/M/M
Hand Jobs
Oral Sex
Anal Fingering
Voyeurism
Bucky and Steve decide to show Reader something interesting...
Light Bondage
Female Ejaculation
Anal Sex
Face-Sitting
Double Penetration
Heteroflexibility

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Clint Barton/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader

