Work Text:
Bucky figures that if there was a hell, it was 6pm on the 24th of December when your four year old God-daughter announces to her over stressed parents that her ‘secret wish’ to Santa was a Princess Perfect Pony Palace.Bucky hadn’t even known what the fucking thing was, but by the look on Natasha’s face, it wasn’t anything good.“Are you sure that’s what you asked Santa for?” She’d asked Anya, who had her father’s messy blond hair and her mother’s death glare. “Are you sure you didn’t ask for the flying fairy flutterbye air dancer?”Anya just shook her head like ‘Tash was crazy. “That’s what I asked daddy for!” She said, rolling her eyes in a way that had reminded Bucky so much of Natasha growing up that he had to blink a few times to check he’d not been transported back in time. “I asked Santa for the Princess Perfect Pony Palace in my letter.”Her little gap-toothed smile could melt the hardest of hearts, but Bucky had know ‘Tash all her life and he knew that her heart wasn’t about to be swayed by a pout and a-“Fuck.” Natasha said, pacing back and forth in the kitchen as Bucky poured her another glass of wine. Clint was in the hallway on the phone, calling every store in a 50 mile radius. “Fuck fuck fuck!”“I don’t see what the big deal is.” Bucky told her, passing her the glass. “It’s not like she’ll notice amongst the stupid fucking amount of toys you guys have bought her.” He seriously doubted that they’d get them in the same room as the tree, never mind under it. He didn’t think too hard about the toys he still had in the back of his truck, because he’d gone a little overboard himself. Hell, she was his god-daughter, it was kinda his job to spoil her rotten, and he only got to see her once in a blue moon.“I should have checked her letter.” Natasha said, rather than reply to him. “But we’d already spent three months on the waiting list for the flutterbye thing to get into stock.” She took a long drink from the glass and let out a sigh.“She’s not gonna care.” Bucky repeated. “Come on, Tash, how many times did you get exactly what you asked for at Christmas?”The look she shot him wasn’t friendly at all. “That’s the point,” She spat at him. “We never had anything, Clint had even less.” She looked through the open door to watch Clint pace in the hallway, his head shaking as he argued down the line. “We don’t want her to have the same life we did. I don’t care if we spoil her at Christmas, she’s a good kid, she deserves it.”In that, Bucky couldn’t really deny it. Anya was that fucking golden child, never rude, never lost her temper – she wrote him ‘letters’ in her crayons when she was a baby, colourful scribbles that he pinned to his bunk and took with him everywhere. She spoke to him on Skype, curled up in Natasha’s lap and blabbering away in baby talk till she started to form sentences. Natasha had told him once that Clint had suggested taking her to a baby shrink because he was worried she was just too good – weren’t all kids little shits?Clint came back into the kitchen and jumped onto the counter. “They’re gonna call me back once they’ve called ‘round the other branches in the area.” He told them. “Apparently it’s a really popular toy. They don’t think there are any in stock.”He fiddled with his hearing aids as he spoke and Bucky felt a little guilty he’d never taken much time to get to know Clint. He seemed like a great guy, loved ‘Tash like it was his damn job, and he was a great dad, but Bucky had been deployed when they’d hooked up, been deployed when they moved in together, been deployed when they got married (he’d arrived the day before the wedding and left the day after, he’d missed the bachelor party, the planning, everything but the actual event) and he’d been deployed when Anya was born.It didn’t exactly foster a great relationship.He knew that Clint didn’t blame him for any of that, knew ‘Tash didn’t either, but he’d been trying to work at being a better friend. Which was why he was with them for Christmas with a pick-up full of presents and guilt.“It’s not the end of the world.” Natasha said, taking another drink and smiling at her husband. Bucky grabbed his coke and nodded in the direction of the sitting room. “I’m gonna see how she is.” He said. He was pretty sure that one day he’d not feel like the spare tyre when Natasha and Clint started looking at each other like that, but it wasn’t that day.
 “So uncle Stevie took me to the zoo, and we sat at the monkeys and we drawed them.” Anya said, pulling out her sketch books. “Look at the monkeys I made!”Bucky was sitting on the floor, surrounded by sheets of paper, as Anya talked his ear off about all the drawings she did. They were really good; she had real talent (He wasn’t biased. Some of them even looked like... animals. Kinda. If he squinted a little.)“Wow!” He enthused. “Look at this one, this one is my favourite.” He pointed to a brown scribble with a black splodge in the middle. “This is the best one.”Her reaction was great, she b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Christmas
cute kid
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Meet-Cute

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

