Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Bucky

Bucky’s got ninety-nine problems, and one of them is that he just used his one phone call to ask the tow truck driver he met in a ditch yesterday to see if he’d be willing to bail Bucky’s sorry ass out of jail. 

It was the only phone number he could remember off the top of his head because it was one of those lame ones that was the same digit repeated all ten times. Bucky probably told him so at the time, too, but in retrospect, Bucky guesses it worked as intended. After all, he 

did 

remember the dumb phone number. 
An hour later, Bucky and the tow truck driver exit the county jail together. The sunlight is jarring. Like when you get out of the movie theater and expect it to be dark, but it’s still mid-afternoon and the sun is doing it’s best to blind the ever loving fuck out of you. It’s always so discombobulating. 
But, Bucky is willing to bet that to the people already outside, the sight of the hulk-sized man in stained blue jeans next to the boy in cashmere and designer loafers is equally perplexing. He thrusts his hand out to the giant in a gesture of goodwill, his jail-issued paper bag clutched close to his body in the other. “Thank you, again, for everything. I’ll pay you back.” 

Somehow. 

The big blond man stares at Bucky’s hand, then brings his own hands to his ridiculously narrow hips, glaring down at Bucky. Bucky’s tow truck driver is very large, with bulging muscles in places Bucky didn’t know possible, with hair on his forearms and some even peeking out of the collar of his t-shirt, so naturally his pose is intimidating.  Or it would be if Bucky wasn’t now a seasoned criminal with a rap sheet. 
Okay, the man is still intimidating, and Bucky’s probably more ‘

lightly

’ seasoned than anything.
The man’s glaring at him, so Bucky pulls his hand back. He pushes out his bottom lip. “Are you mad?”
Mentally, Bucky slaps himself. Why did he say that? He doesn’t know. Because it was a dumb thing to say considering the man had to go out of his way to save Bucky’s sorry self. He’d never thought much about how someone could seeth before, but that’s definitely what the tow truck driver is doing. The man is 

seething 

at him. And it makes Bucky’s heart race just a bit. A lot. Okay, he’s fully freaking out now. 
The man is obviously the kind of guy whose button you probably can’t unpush once you’ve set him off into his gamma radioactive rage. Which, is something that Bucky now wished he had considered before calling him. And certainly before he’d asked the man if he was mad. Bucky takes a step back. The man takes a step forward. His dark blond eyebrows slash menacingly above his eyes, his beard not hiding the grimace on his face. “Thank you? That’s what you have to say?” 
Bucky tilts his head to the side, staring at the man quizzically. “Would you rather I didn’t thank you?” he huffs indignantly. “I appreciate you coming to my rescue. Twice in two days. So, yes, 

thank you

. You’re a true friend.” 

“A friend?” The man looks to the sky for support. He doesn’t find his answer there, but he does seem calm after a breath of two. “Let’s see, 

friend

. Do you even know my name?”
“Yes,” Bucky says automatically. He scans the man’s shirt and spots the embroidered name on the front. “Rogers.” The man glares harder. “Wait, is that your real name? Is it your first or last?” Bucky asks. Rogers yanks the paper bag of Bucky’s belongings away from him. “You’re coming with me.”
Now 

that

 has Bucky pausing. “Um, no. Please give me back my--” 

“Look, you’ve been an absolute pain in my ass for two days and while I’d love to sever all ties with you, I just paid a bail bond and if you cut and run, which you are likely to do, then I’m out the money and the reputation I staked on getting you out today. I promised Sheriff Coulson you’d be a model citizen 

so

, until your court appearance, you and I are stuck like glue.” A big, warm hand lands on Bucky’s shoulder. “The truck is that way,” he says, nodding his chin. 

Bucky doesn’t really want to bring Rogers into his problems, but it’s not like he has anywhere else to go. So, Bucky smiles pleasantly and heads straight for the tow truck. It doesn’t matter where they go, as long as it’s away from here, but Bucky really hopes Rogers will take him somewhere to get food because 

oh fuck

 is he starving. This town may be super small but they have to have a diner somewhere, right? 

Right

? 
Besides, while they’re eating, then Bucky can figure out his next step. He’s never been on the run before. He’s never crashed a stolen vehicle before, either. It would all be very exciting if he wasn’t screwing up his entire life with every ticking minute. Rogers, or Mr. Rogers, gets into the tow truck after securing Bucky in the passenger side like he’s four for the second time in two days, and as soon as the door closes, Rogers is talking. “What is wrong with you?” “Excuse me?” Bucky turns to face the driver’s seat. “Do you need a translator?”“
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Age Difference
Size Difference
Protective Steve Rogers
Mpreg
Knotting
Breeding
Sassy Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Loss of Virginity
Rich Boy Bucky
Virgin Bucky
Bearded Steve Rogers
fast burn
Dirty Mouth Steve
lumberjack Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

