Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve was beginning to regret moving in with Bucky more and more. The shared help was nice, the company was better, and having a little money after the whole month had passed served for things he couldn't otherwise have.But the three flights of stairs between the ground floor and their little apartment, that was a problem. And having just dropped all the groceries between sweaty, shaking hands, that didn't help.There was the dull, heavy thud of boot on tile, and he heard someone make an excited noise, swoop down and pick up something from the floor. Steve tried to gather things as quickly as possible before the booted person rounded the corner, picking up things as he went.Before Steve could say anything he looked up - she, looked up, because no man's features were ever so delicious. She had a little nose, and full pink cheeks, with blue eyes set by impossibly dark, long lashes. She was in some kind of tinsmith gear, smudged in grease and oil and soot, with high waist grey trousers tucked into her boots, long sleeved shirt unbuttoned at the top to reveal a pronounced collarbone, a full bust, and yet more dark smudges."Bad day?" she said, and a bright grin cracked from behind all the muck."It's shaping up that way." he wheezed, and picked himself up off the floor."Well, good news is I wasn't gonna take a bite outta anything until I got home." she went up the final few stairs, tipped the wares into his paper bag. "Bad news is, I'm off nine hours from the shop and my hands are probably ten kinds of nasty. Sorry.""No, no, it's not a problem." he said, and hugged the bag to his chest on one side, trying to hike up his backpack on the other. The bag tipped, but her hand came out to catch whatever fell out, whip quick, using her elbow to balance it back against his chest. "Thanks. Again.""That's okay." Her hair was black - or that could've been grease, he wasn't sure - but it was in flyaways mostly tucked under her cap. He guessed from the tail at the back it was long. "You live around here?""Just there." he nodded towards the door to his apartment, 3F, and swallowed back a mouthful of heavy breathing. She wasn't breathing nearly half as hard, it wasn't fair."I'll give you a hand then." she looked back at the stairwell. "Them's a lot of stairs.""Yeah." he exhaled a laugh that was more cough than anything, but if she noticed, she didn't comment. He managed to open the door without dropping anything, nearly succeeding when he shoved the squeaky hinge with his hip and shoulder. She handed him the things without breaching the doorway, eyes focused on the door."Huh." she said, and tapped them, reaching into her pocket to draw out a screwdriver. In ten seconds, she was done, and tested the door by swinging it open and shut. It made less noise, certainly, but it still didn't quite line up with the frame. "Say, if you wanted this fixed, I've got some time to kill."She didn't appear any kind of impolite, just brash, straight forward. Steve was reminded a lot of Bucky. With the grin and the dark hair, it was almost like looking at Bucky's little sister."If you fix my door," he said (between panting, because he was still a little breathless after three flights of stairs,) "I'm going to have to insist on making you a cup of tea."The grin was even brighter, when she turned it back to him, digging around in the belt that hugged her hips."Well, I won't say no to that. I ran out a couple days ago and haven't had the chance to go get my own.""Why's that?""Work. Started off a few of the boys got real sick, one moved states for better work, then another has just got herself pregnant and resigned yesterday." she pulled out a hammer, chisel, screwdriver, and unscrewed the rest of the hinge with the rest of the tools shoved in the front of her overalls, before swapping them and knocking the door loose from the hinge. It took her a few minutes to catch the door and lay it out, bring a ruler out of her back pocket to get an idea of how far off it should sit.Steve boiled the kettle, watching her while he got the only two matching cups they owned out of the cupboard."It's a fairly busy business, what with the war. Mind, I like making things, I'm -" she grunted upon lifting the door, but shoved her boot under the jam and tilted it without listening to him offering his help. "-pretty good with my hands, my daddy was in woodwork and he thought I should at least be able to handle a few things 'fore he left. He's in the 107th, somewhere, fightin' Nazis, sends me home a coupla things he makes along the way, sometimes.""Do you need help?" he said weakly."Nah. Thanks, but -" she whacked it into place, and screwed the initial hinges to the frame, before the door. "-see, I get along pretty swell with the rest of the boys and there ain't many girls, cuz of the heavy lifting and the bullet making and - well, it ain't pretty work, but I mean, everything helps, right?""Right." he said, and inwardly deflated, because he couldn'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Steve and Bucky Bros
Howard Stark is awesome
Peggy is a badass
1940s fic
Darcy is a badass superhero in the making
This is all gonna work out just fine
I promise
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
long fic
Slow Build
finished fic
Darcy Lewis & Bucky Barnes friendship
Darcy is super clever with machines and tinkering and science
but boys?
do NOT make a lick of sense

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

