Chapter 1: Life of Peter
    




Chapter Text



 

Peter sat back as he posted the photo that could change the way his school mates see him. For the past year, the only people to believe him about his Stark Internship were Ned, MJ and Betty. Betty only because she believes Ned, not Peter.
He still had 16 months until he turns 18 and the world will know him as Peter Stark, the illegitimate child of Tony Stark and Mary Fitzpatrick (nee Parker). He still didn’t know the whole story about what happened between his mother and his stepfather Richard. He married her 4 months before he was born and when he was born he signed Peter’s Birth Certificate but 4 years later when Mary and Richard died in a plane crash we named Tony Stark as his father and advised he was to get full custody and after a DNA test Peter Parker became Peter Parker Stark.
Peter spent as much time with his father as possible, he would spend hours in the Lab and it was his idea to start the @thestarkintern account. He needed Flash to get off his back about it. After he had to quit Band and Robotics Club because he was working on releasing the new StarkPhone, Flash started bullying him even more. He didn’t care if people knew about his “internship” but Flash made it his mission to let everyone know he was lying.
If it wasn’t for MJ threatening to skin him alive if he quit Academic Decathlon he would have quit that too, but his girlfriend was scary when she was angry.
He needed to clear his head and Spider-maning is a great distraction, so he pulled his suit out and started swing around the amazing city that was New York. After a few hours, he stopped off at his favorite thinking spot. He had loved the idea after stealing it from Charmed where the WhiteLighters would sit on top of the Golden Gate bridge. He couldn’t help taking a picture of his wonderful view.




The next morning Peter woke to “MOTHERF…!”, he bolted upright and run to the tower the floor below. His father was working on the Mark CXXVII and seems to have electrocuted himself on a loose wire. Once his heart was at a normal rate he laughed at how ridiculous his Dad looked nursing his red finger.
“Sleeping beauty is awake!” Tony exclaimed.
“Dad, Why didn’t you wake me,” Peter laughed.
“Well, when you see your son posted a photo at 4 am, you let him sleep just a little bit longer,” Tony said as he walked up and kissed Peter on the forehead
Peter knew he was too old for forehead kisses, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. When you almost lose your dad as many times as he has you learn to apricate the small affections.
“Breakfast and then we keep working, ok?”
Peter hummed as he followed the scent of Bacon already coming from the other side of the floor. Pepper was dancing along to the Hamilton soundtrack as she cooked a hearty breakfast for the 3 of them. She scooped 3 servings of eggs and 6 rashes of bacon onto Peter’s plate before giving Tony a considerably smaller plate.
She gave Peter a knowing look and started on her own plate.
“So Peter, What are your plans for today?” Pepper asked.
“Lab all day today and I am hoping to complete the next ISO for the new StarkPhone.”
Tony smiled at the insane amount of food currently being shoveled into his mouth. “Well, that is all after you finish helping me with Mark CXXVII, I need your little hands to connect the wiring. Don’t need another mishap today.”
Peter stuck out his tongue and dashed upstairs for a shower.
Coming downstairs 20 minutes later to his dad already working again, he couldn’t help snap a photo for his internship.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Social Media
Twitter
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
Instagram
Fluff and Crack
Genius Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
No Snap
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Pets

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

