Chapter 1: Fight With Flash
    


Notes:
Finally, it is here!! IronDad and SpideySon stans are gonna be sad in this book lolThank you for the love and support!!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

 ((Monday, April 20)) 
 "Ha, he's so disgusting. . ."  Peter and Ned stopped their pleasant discussion at the lunch table as they saw - and heard - Flash stand nearby with his group of "friends." They looked at each other in annoyance, and did their best to ignore the bully like they always did. "Does he ever stop eating?" Flash laughed. "What a pig!" Oh. Oh.  Neither of the boys were prepared for this–Peter was  alway s their target, not. . .not Ned. "He sounds like one too!" One of his friends added in, causing more laughter. Someone pushed their nose up like a pig's, and started chanting "Oink! Oink! Oink!" Peter glanced over at his best friend, and was furious to see Ned pale, tears in his eyes. "Hey, Ned, you okay?" Peter felt dumb asking that; of course he wasn't okay! "Y-yeah, I'm fine." Ned muttered. "They're just jerks, besides, they've said worse." "Do you want me to get them to stop?" "No, Peter, just leave it alone." The teenager looked miserable as he gave his food a disgusted look.  "Do you think he eats so much because he's depressed daddy isn't around?" Another bully chipped in. "Waa, dada left me and my whore mother alone when I was a baby, waa!! I need ice cream!!" The laughter grew louder, especially as other students heard. Peter tried to stand up so he could stop this madness, but Ned grabbed onto his arm. "No, Peter! They'll beat you up, it's not worth it!" "Hey!!" Another voice yelled, and for a moment Peter thought it was a teacher,  thank goodness , until he noticed it was Mj–who was even better than a teacher. "You shut your damn mouth, Flash, your parents are only around because it'd look bad to the media if they left their baby at an orphanage. Besides, they need an heir for their company."  Flash's face dropped from amused to hurt to anger, and his hands curled into fists. "You shut your mouth and go back into the kitchen! That's the problem with girls nowadays, they think they can say whatever the hell they want!"  Mj looked ready to punch Flash, but Peter knew if she punched him first, she'd get into a lot of trouble (any of them fighting would get into trouble, but Flash would be able to use a claim to self defense, thus lessening his punishment. Stupid no tolerance rules). "Flash, just shut up." Peter sighed, leaving the table and walking over to the group of bullies. "Nobody wants to hear your voice while we're trying to eat." "Oh yeah?" Flash sneered. "Make me, Penis. Gotta defend your girlfriend, right? Now tell me, is it Mj, or Ned? Knowing how much of a faggot you are, it's Ned."  "Ooo." A small crowd of watchers was starting to form.  "At least I'm not so disgusting, I think love is bad." Peter glared at him, and Flash just scowled back. "What, can't think of a good reply?"  Flash swung his fist at him, and Peter ducked underneath it, causing the quickly growing crowd to grow wild. Peter dodged a few more swings, as he was used to fighting better fighters as Spider-Man.  "Where are your friends now, Flash?" Peter laughed. Flash snarled, and charged at him.  "At least after this, I have parents who can come deal with you." The boy gave him a shark grin. "What about you, Peter? Your parents are dead. Your aunt is dead. Did your uncle actually forgive you for killing her, or does he hate you like everyone else?"  Peter stopped, his face going blank. Flash didn't notice the dark anger stirring inside Peter, mistaking his stopping as giving up. He laughed at Peter while the brunette walked closer, and with one, satisfying punch, Flash was down.  Peter looked down at Flash, who was gently grasping at his broken, bleeding nose. For a second, he only felt  satisfaction  , like a  winner  for once, until shame and disgust at himself took over.  "Flash, I-" "You got him Peter!" Ned cheered, while Mj smirked.  "That was a good punch, Parker." She said, only for her smile to go away as she stared at something behind Peter. He turned around, and saw a teacher coming over.  The teacher took a look at the two boys, and gave them a glare. "You two, principal's office, now." ~~~~~~ "I'm afraid I will have to call your guardians." Peter's head shot up, his eyes that were previously staring at the ground growing wide at the statement his principal said.  "Flash, who's number do I call?" Principal Morita asked, and a smug look took over Flash's face.  "My mother." His parents were powerful, rich business people, and Peter had. . .no one. Even if Uncle Ben was there for him, he was a nobody, according to society.  While the principal was distracted with trying to contact Flash's mother, Peter's mind was racing. Who does he call? He can't call Ben - he'd be lucky if Ben even answered the phone! The only other person he had was Mr. Stark, but To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Peter
Peter Parker Whump
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt
Hurt No Comfort
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Heavy Angst
Angst and Feels
Angst and Humor
Angst with a Happy Ending
Bad Ending
Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Child Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
References to Depression
Fluff and Humor
Fluff and Crack
Ben Parker Lives
Unlce Ben is alive
Nightmares
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Bullying
Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Peter Parker is a Mess
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
References to different comics and movies
Sad Peter Parker
Background Relationships
School Shootings
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Homeless Peter Parker
Temporary Homelessness

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

