Work Text:
 Steve wakes.His alarm clock, normally the clanging noise that his old clock back in Brooklyn used to make though with the slight rough edge that he’s found comes with digital recordings these days, has been replaced with Tony Stark’s voice.
WAKE UP CAPTAIN SUNSHINE WAKE UP CAPTAIN SUNSHINE WAKE UP CAPTAIN SUNSHINE WAKE UP CAPTAIN SUNSHI…
Jesus.Steve shoves his face into his too-soft pillow and sighs deeply, his hand reaching out and slapping the offending clock so hard he hears the plastic crack and snap. When he looks up, the face of the screen has split nearly in half.Fuck.Tony’s going to be insufferable about this, Steve just knows it; the man delights in irritating Steve over his tendency to accidentally destroy things, and unless he wants to shell out for a new alarm clock, which he doesn’t want to do, it probably means Tony’s going to have to fix the alarm clock.Again.(It’s not that Steve can’t afford a new clock, it’s just that… well, Steve has had enough of new things. He’s incredibly tired of how temporary everything feels.)Oh well. Given his lovely new alarm tone, Tony’s already been screwing with it, so he can just go ahead and fix the screen while he’s changing the sound back because Steve sure as hell isn’t waking to that shrill voice more than once. He’s scheduled some time with Tony today anyway to talk about lingering integrity issues with his shield, so he’ll just throw the clock on the pile.It’s Sunday - the one day he doesn’t go running with Sam in the morning because Sam’s VA meetings in Harlem start earlier than the ones he runs in the other boroughs during the week - so his alarm doesn’t go off until 8:30, practically midmorning for him normally. There’s still a rhythm to his wake up routine though, a repetition that the SHIELD-mandated therapist told him would be soothing and would help with the sleep issues he developed after he first came out of the ice.He still sees the therapist even now that SHIELD is lying in ruins at the bottom of the Potomac. Dr. Nunez has a private practice in Manhattan and does freelance consulting for the FBI now, and Steve had breathed an intense sigh of relief when Nunez had been cleared of HYDRA affiliation. The fact that he had been unwittingly working for HYDRA for so long was violation enough; the idea of the woman he’d been divulging his most personal feelings to for the past four years being a part of that? Too much betrayal, even for him.Interestingly enough, it feels better seeing Nunez now than it did before - less like it’s him acquiescing to SHIELD’s demands and more like it’s a choice, something he does of his own free will and for himself. He knows that technically he could probably afford to see Nunez on his own dime if he wanted, especially now that he’s not paying rent or many out of pocket expenses living with Tony, but she just smiles when he asks her about billing and tells him that there are some things you do because it’s simply the right thing.So he gets up. Showers. Shaves. Dresses. Makes eggs and three heaping bowls of porridge with the fruit salad he went out to the store to buy, even though Stark has most of his groceries delivered to the tower. Other than his daily runs, he has to make excuses to leave the tower, which he’s finding it harder and harder to do as it feels more and more like his world is closing in on him.Nunez asked him at his last meeting if he was feeling depressed, and seemed concerned when the only response that felt truthful was, I can’t tell anymore.After breakfast, Steve snatches the clock off his dresser and his shield by the bed before he heads down to the suite of labs that take up a complex consisting of four open floors. There are a number of self-contained labs for Jane and Bruce to use, a few that Tony keeps supplies in, and one that is available to Stark Industries top researchers. All the “hives” as Tony calls them, are connected through the central hub, which is a giant four-story greenhouse that supports a weird jungle-like greenspace.Today… something is off. There’s too many people, their gaits quicker than normal - some jog down the halls, up and down the twisting staircases that rise the four stories, barking orders into cellphones and walkie talkies.Darcy pops out from one of the supply rooms and nearly slams into him. She looks a bit tired, like she didn’t sleep well - or at all - and she’s got a pencil jammed up in her hair to keep the messy looking bun in place.“Steven,” Darcy says, her body a little closer to his than normal given that she nearly ran into him and hasn’t yet adjusted for it. She reaches out to wrap her hand around his forearm and squeeze. Steve met Darcy two years ago, shortly after he was released from the hospital and before his pilgrimage with Sam to find Bucky. Tony had quickly closed ranks after SHIELD had blown up in such a spectacular fashion, sweeping in trusted SHIELD staff for the Avengers Initiative - including Maria - and people who were important to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Minor Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Time Travel
time loops
edge of tomorrow/all you need is kill fusion
Alternate Universe - Fusion

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers

