Work Text:
Bucky’s not going to lie – he’s never been all that interested in watching The Rocky Horror Picture Show. It’s not that he has anything against the movie itself (hell, no one can deny that Tim Curry is pretty awesome), it’s just that he’s heard so many conflicting opinions about it. Some people he knows (Natasha, Sam, Wanda, Pepper…) says it’s fantastic; a classic that’s blasphemous for Bucky never to have seen. Others (Clint, Tony, Bruce, Maria…) have described it as anywhere from ‘hard to follow’ to ‘confusing’ to ‘downright fucking weird’ (thanks, Clint).Normally, Bucky reserves his opinion until after he’s given the thing a chance – and normally, he does do so. Bucky’s a pretty laid-back, easygoing guy. There isn’t much that he isn’t willing to try at least once. But this has always been one of those exceptions, namely due to the fact that Bucky’s just never been interested in watching it.But then he had tried once, at Tony’s annual Halloween party, the first year he and his childhood best friend, Steve, had started dating.It was a big deal – going to something like that, now officially as a couple. Bucky’s always been adventurous and extroverted, but when it comes to his personal affairs, he likes to keep things private. He’s a good boyfriend; accommodating, generous, understanding, loving… He treats Steve like gold, and has since long before the night he’d first confessed his feelings – when they’d sat in the seats of that roller coaster at Coney Island as it’d slowly climbed up, up, up… Only for Bucky to have looked to Steve right before it plummeted down the track and really got going to say completely unprecedented, “I love you.”(Steve had had no time to reply because the moment he’d snapped his stunned gaze to Bucky, they were falling down, down, down. And everyone was throwing their hands up and screaming around them, but Steve hadn’t. He’d just held on and stared ahead with a confused frown, as he jostled in his seat from the momentum of the ride. Bucky’s heart had been going a million miles a minute, but he still doesn’t remember a damn second of it, because the roller coaster hadn’t been to blame. Afterwards, they’d gotten off and walked in silence for almost ten minutes while Steve looked lost in thought. Bucky didn’t know what to do; had relented that he’d probably made a mistake and turned to him to apologize just as the skinny blond turned as well, threw his arms around Bucky’s neck, and kissed him.)Point being, this party had been a big deal for them, but Steve understood Bucky’s apprehension about putting their relationship on such a public display. If it’d just been their group of friends, that would’ve been different. But Tony never does anything half-assed; every occasion is a chance to shine and be made a spectacle. So what could’ve been a small, intimate party of a dozen or so obviously had to be a thing for about fifty people. Needless to say, Bucky had spent most of the night isolating himself on the deck with people from their actual group – smoking cigarettes while one of his arms kept Steve squeezed to his side protectively.Steve hadn’t minded. He always likes when Bucky holds him, about as much as he likes knowing that half of the time, it’s done because Bucky sees Steve as his anchor. The second he gets anxious or stressed, he’s reaching for Steve. If he were an inanimate object, he’d probably be Bucky’s security blanket.Bucky had only gone inside the whole night about four times – three of which, to get him and Steve more drinks, and one was to use the bathroom. And it’d been on his way back out that he’d gotten his first glimpse of The Rocky Horror Picture Show. Most of the people inside weren’t overly paying attention, but there had been a small handful that had their heads turned towards the screen and were watching, reciting all of the lines by heart. Bucky had lingered to check it out – and basically stood there the entire time with the most confused look on his face ever.What in the name of fuck was he watching? There were a lot of people freaking out on screen, for whatever reason in the plot at the moment, and what the fuck were some of them wearing? Yep, that guy had on nothing but golden underwear for some reason, and Tim Curry, why!? Why was he dressed like that? There had been a lot of talking – about what, Bucky couldn’t keep up; guessed that this was the kind of movie you needed to watch from the beginning to understand the plot – and suddenly they were singing(?) and then what the fuck, was that Meatloaf driving out of a freezer on a motorcycle?Yep. That’d been his cue to exit. When he’d gotten back outside, Steve had noticed the weird look on his boyfriend’s face and asked what was wrong.“They’re watching The Rocky Horror Picture Show inside,” Bucky had said.He had been so distracted by Natasha’s eyes suddenly widening, as she looked to the door and exclaimed, “Gotta go!” before booking it in to go watch, that Bucky had completely missed the moment 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Prompt Fill
Halloween
Rocky Horror Picture Show - Freeform
Rocky Horror Stucky Show
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Established Relationship
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Post-Winter Soldier-looking Bucky
Friendship/Love
Shy Steve Rogers
Reserved Steve Rogers
Crossdressing
Fishnets
Panties
corsets
High Heels
Makeup
Confused Bucky Barnes
Misunderstandings
RHPS turns him into a beautiful little slut
Sexual Empowerment
Rough Sex
Wall Sex
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Rimming
Anal Sex
Anal
Anal Fingering
Dirty Talk
Magenta!Natasha
Columbia!Steve
Frank-N-Furter!Bucky
A quick reference to Remy LeBeau
Anyone know who that is?
I'll give a little prize to the first person to pick up the reference and WHO Remy is ;)
Tap Dancing
Steve is Sexually Shy
Until He Gets on Stage

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

