Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
Steve Rodgers stood awkwardly in a conference room at Stark Tower. He knew that the Rogue's returning would be uncomfortable, but not like this. They were sitting at a table talking about room arrangements and other things. Tony was sitting stiffly as far away as he could get. Pepper was beside him, clearly uncomfortable. The other Rogue's were just watching Tony warily. They had only been here twenty minutes but it felt like hours. The Accords were finally demolished three days ago. 
Steve assumed the Rogue’s would be joining with Tony and the other Avengers shortly but not this soon. He also thought that the Rogue's would get the compound. Steve knew that Tony almost sold the tower before buying it back. Nobody knew why though, Steve thought it might be to get space between him and the Avengers. Maybe not as here they all were at the tower. Tony hadn't spoken, only nodded his head a few times. Pepper did all the talking. "Look why don't we find out where our rooms are and meet up later or something. Give some space, then we can have dinner." The group paused and seemed to mull over Steve's suggestion.
"Sounds great." That was Tony, "I have this project I've been meaning to work on. So you guys come up later, and we can talk." With that Tony practically fled the room towards the elevator. Leaving Pepper who just smiled over at the group.
"There have been changes since you all stayed here. Minor things but the floor you all once shared is now off limits, your rooms are on the floor below it. There is a communal kitchen, the gym and everything else is how you remember it. Do you guys need to know anything else, just ask? Preferably ask FRIDAY, and please just mind your business and be respectful. There is still a company that works here." Nobody moved for a few seconds. "Just ask FRIDAY to take you to your floor I have some meetings to go to." With that Pepper grabbed her clipboard and she left the room. Steve sighed honestly he was hoping for better. He knew things wouldn't be perfect but Tony ignored them all. Not to mention that he was living on a totally different floor then all of them. Steve got up and glanced over to the group.
"Well we better get going. Unpack our stuff and get settled." Everyone got up and followed him to the elevator. Over the past while being a Rogue honestly wasn't so bad. The group supported one another and living on the run was fun sometimes. However everyone was here. Sam, unfaltering loyalty to Cap was unsure about going back to Stark. Wasn't his first preference. Natasha on the other hand seemed relaxed and almost relieved to be back at Stark Tower. Not the reaction Steve had been expecting from her. Wanda was hiding in the shadows, she had not enjoyed being on the run. She was scared of Tony though. they all pretty much were.
All this time the ball had been in their court. They could choose when to be seen, how to be seen, and who they talked to. Over the span of a few hours now Tony was in control. His Tower, his rules. Steve could only thank god that Bucky wasn't here. At first they thought Bucky should come and get settled with all of them. Bucky decided he was going to wait a little longer before coming to New York. Seeing how nervous Tony was it was lucky that he stayed in Wakanda. His treatment was going well, soon he'd be completely cleansed of HYDRA. 
The elevator ride was silent, when FRIDAY opened the doors they all shuffled out. "Are we just supposed to pick whatever rooms we want? If so, I get first dibs." That was Sam. He was already headed down a hallway which Steve assumed to be the bedrooms. Wanda followed him, leaving Steve and Natasha together.
"So how long until Tony stops acting like we killed his puppy?" Natasha just smiled sadly at Steve's question.
"I don't know. Hopefully not long, until then we just have to be patient. The Accords being broken did not magically fix everything. We knew that, but it still hurts. Being back here all the memories. We have to wait for Tony to come to us, not the other way around. Dinner tonight should help, maybe we can start up movie nights or something. I don't know anything to get him to trust us again." Steve just looked at the floor. It was so frustrating, why couldn’t Tony just do something. Instead he ran off to go work on some project.
"That sounds good Nat, why don't we go figure out what rooms were left for us." The two of them walked down the hallway finding their rooms. Steve sighed, for once he just wanted things to be easy. Instead they were practically playing cat and mouse with Tony. Waiting for him to get close enough so they can pounce. A friendly pounce, not a backstab, fights you and then leaves you in the cold and bleeding kind of pounce. Steve couldn't imagine what dinner would be like. Awkward, tense, uncomfortable, sounds like a night of fun.
----------
At 6:30 the Rogue's all got into the elevator. "FRIDAY?" Steve asked. "Can you take us to Tony's priva
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Protective Peter Parker
Angry Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Steve Rogers is kind of annoying
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

