Work Text:
The stench of the assembly hall had always made Peter gag – even before his senses had become aggressively heightened. Now, the smell of four-hundred teenage boys and girls crammed into one space had become so overwhelming to him that he hated the fortnightly hour-long assembly more than anything – maybe even more so than physical education lessons with Flash.Principal Morita was droning on and on. Something about which companies would be attending that year’s fairs, how they related to college applications and potential careers, all things that Peter had no interest in.He knew his path. He’d finish school with great grades, study for an accelerated degree at MIT (just like Tony, who had promised to bring May on visits all the time, claiming he missed his old campus and wouldn’t mind the sentimentality tour), and then take his place in the research and development department at Stark Industries – the place that Tony had taken to saying was waiting for him, the second that he graduated. He’d work up the ranks, and maybe someday, he would run the department just like Tony did now.Suffice to say, Principal Morita’s lecture was of little consequence to him, and he was bored out of his mind. He was way inside his own head, completely spaced out – thinking of ways to improve his webbing, thinking of solutions to the problems the research and development were currently working against – when the shot went off. His senses should have caught it early, should have known something was wrong but they didn’t and suddenly the hall was completely silent. It was as if a spell had been cast over them, snuffing out all the air, all the breath, all the life in the hall. The teachers were suddenly frozen in their place and the students were holding their breaths in the stands, eyeing each other nervously.“What the –” Ned whispered beside him.
Bang. 
A second shot.A few people shot to their feet, staring at the teachers, staring at the exits. The tension in the room was rising and suddenly the stench of teenagers was overcome by the stench of fear and adrenaline. The teachers jumped into action as if suddenly electrocuted, and begun to run towards the two sets of double doors, one each side of the hall.“EVERYBODY OFF THE BENCHES, ON THE FLOOR, GET UNDERNEATH, AGAINST THE WALLS NOW.”Peter’s senses kicked in. He hauled Ned upwards and rushed along with the rest of his schoolmates as everyone gripped hands and shook and some began to sob, practically toppling over one another in an effort to get to the ground. People were running down the aisles on either side of the benches, climbing down the stands, shoving in an effort to be quicker, quicker, quicker. Teachers were piling chairs and court-side benches against the doors, one on top of the other. Someone had found a broom and shoved it through the handles on one set of doors and someone was dashing to do the same to the other. Principal Morita was urging people to take cover underneath the stands but also shushing them, his eyes flicking all around the hall. Peter and Ned had just made it to the floor, crowded in on all sides, when the third shot went off and the crowd became even more intense, pushing at one another so hard that they all seemed to topple at once.There wasn’t any more room underneath the stands – they had been sat right near the top had been some of the last to get to the floor. Peter pulled Ned up against the wall and slid down. They were both shaking, and it was more of a tumble, Peter’s shoulder knocked into one or two people on his way down for sure. A few more students, the very last, surrounded them, trying to get as near to the semi-cover the edge of the stands gave, and Peter tried to make as much room as he could. There were two people between him and Ned now, and MJ was just past him, on the opposite side, and he could see Flash and some of his other classmates right in the middle of the crowd underneath the stands.Peter tried to take a breath but his heart was beating too fast, his senses were driving him crazy with the noise of people sobbing and moaning and the sight of the teachers stood on either side of each doorway trying to get a glance of what was out there but also telling them “be quiet, be quiet, don’t make any noise, put your phones on silent, do it now, do it now, just breathe, follow drill regulations”. He grasped at his pockets and pulled out his phone with shaking fingers. They had been trained for this – they’d had so many drills, with the teachers telling the students what they were meant to do if a shooter were in the school. They had them at least three times a year, but they were always in a classroom, every single time. They’d never done a drill where every student in the school was in the assembly hall. What if the shooter knew that. The thought made Peter’s eyes blur and he struggled to draw in a breath, forcing air down his throat suddenly felt like a torture method instead of a survival tactic.He didn’t have his suit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Irondad
spiderson
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
School Shootings

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

