Work Text:
"Okay," Bucky says, letting out a quick breath. "So, you guys know I have a boyfriend.""Not that you told us," his mom immediately interrupts, focused on the dough she's spreading out with the rolling pin. In the Barnes household, they start baking Christmas cookies two weeks before Thanksgiving and she and Bucky are trying out a recipe he'd gotten from Steve. Maybe it's not the most ideal situation to talk about this, but his dad and sister just came in, taking a break from fixing up the engine of her car, his grandma is sitting at the kitchen table with her sudoku book and spiked tea, and his nephew and niece are both still asleep."Yeah, we had to practically bribe it out of you," Becca agrees. Bucky can't hear the pause anymore as she checks her language – four years ago she would have used the word "interrogate" or maybe "torture", and nevermind that he'd been a POW for less than a week, his family have taken precaution to change even the smallest thing not to remind him of that."You didn't," he disagrees, a little wounded. "I told you about him right after our first date and anyway, we agreed that dating is optional family business." Maybe it's embarrassing, he's definitely closer to thirty now than to his mid-twenties, but he tells his family everything. And he had told them about Steve. Not at first – it had started so innocuously – and even when it got serious he took his time, just mentioning Steve casually here or there, but he'd told them what was going on right after Coney Island. That's when he knew. Or rather, when he knew that he wasn't alone in this, that Steve was in just as deep. Steve, bless his soul, hadn't been subtle about that at all. Not that Bucky minded that in the least."Leave the boy alone, you're embarrassing him enough with that picture on the mantle," nana involves herself, frowning at her sudoku puzzle. The picture she's referring to is not the selfie he and Steve took where Steve is kissing his cheek – that one's printed out too, but it's on the wall in the living room; Steve is his first official boyfriend and his parents are taking the pride thing all out – but the one of Steve on his bike. Yes, his mom put that one on the mantle. She and Becca didn't even bother to pretend it was merely to show their support. Even his dad had just raised one eyebrow and said that if anything went on the mantle, that sure was a good choice. And yeah, Steve looks damn hot in it, but still, Bucky could've lived without knowing how much his family agrees with him on that."Yes, well," Bucky says quickly before Becca or his mom can start in on that one again. "I wanted to talk to you about something.""Did you finally get around to asking Steve if he wants to come for Thanksgiving?" his mom asks as she checks the thickness of the dough. "Though if it's a question of Thanksgiving here, Christmas with his family, we have dibs on you for the important days of Christmas. And half of Thanksgiving.""He'd love to come," Bucky replies a bit louder before Becca can say anything about that – and he just knows she wants to, her five boyfriends so far that were important enough never got dibs on her for important holidays during their first year together, and it seems Steve just got half of Christmas with Bucky.That actually makes his mom look up and at him, surprised. "You asked him? Why didn't you say so? That's wonderful, darling." With a wide smile she moves in to hug him, getting flour all over him. Not that he didn't have a fine dust coat of it before. Whenever he bakes he somehow gets everything, his clothes included, dirty. Steve considers it a mixed blessing because on the one hand, it means Bucky has to take his clothes off, but on the other, Steve seriously can't stand messes. It's mostly adorable, the honest conflict on his face."Finally," Becca agrees loudly, bumping fists with their dad. "We thought you'd never do it.""What about Steve's family?" mom asks as she pulls away again, not returning to the dough but leaning against the counter, full focus on Bucky now."Yes, well," Bucky hedges, then sighs. "He has no family. His parents are dead and there's nobody else."As he thought, his family really don't like that thought; there are some sad noises and some cooing and for some reason Bucky gets hugged again, three times, only nana not willing to get up from her comfortable chair. His family is pretty big, he's got a couple of aunts and uncles and cousins and another two grandparents apart from nana, and family reunions can get pretty chaotic. In a nice way though, and because family has always been important to his parents Bucky had just always been used to it. He'd known they'd react this way."He has to come for all of Christmas then," his mom is already deciding. "He can stay until New Year's if he wants to, or does he have to work? I still don't really understand how this whole inactive thing works."That's mostly because Bucky has been vague about explaining it, since Steve isn't re
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Identity Reveal
Family Dynamics

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

