Work Text:
Steve’s kinda new to the building, so he’s not 100% sure how things go when something breaks. The rent covered the gym, the underground parking, laundry room and ‘general repairs’ to goods already in the apartment – the plumbing and appliances like the stove and dishwasher.It’s a nice building in an okay area and he’s been pretty careful with his pay checks to afford it – he can walk to work rather than drive or take the subway, he can drop his expensive gym membership and he doesn’t need to worry about hauling his clothes to the cleaners any more.But he’s not really sure if this counts as general repairs.The showerhead had fallen and cracked the tile. It had cracked his head first though, so he had a large purple bump on his forehead, which had made his boss roll his eyes and comment on the amount of times Steve had shown up to work with some kind of bruise or cut. He’d left off calling the superintendent because he’d thought he’d be able to fix it himself, but after looking at the tile, cracked right down the middle, he wasn’t quite sure where to start.He dialled the number he’d been given when he moved in and waited for the line to pick up. “Barnes.” The voice said, sounding a little sleep rough. For a moment, Steve panicked that he’d called too late, but it had only just turned 6pm and he didn’t think that was a bad time to call.“Um, hi?” He said, and then kicked himself for the waiver in his voice. “This is Rogers from apartment 409. I have a cracked tile and a broken showerhead that um… I think is covered in the general repairs?”The man on the other side of the line sighed, and Steve was sure he could hear blankets moving. “Yeah, okay. 409?” He asked, and hung up as soon as Steve confirmed.“Oh, okay.” Steve said to the cleared tone, and stood holding the phone for a second before he hung up too. “Right.”
 Steve once had dreams of joining the Army. His high school councillor had tried to sway him from that path, tried to let Steve down gently – point him in a more suitable direction. It hadn’t worked.The Army recruitment officer had been less kind. Steve hadn’t ever quite gotten over the rather pointed look that he’d been given when he’d tried to enlist. He never did forget the fact that they let him do the tests, or the pat on the back when he’d collapsed half way through the fitness drill. “You’ve got guts.” They told him. “But you’ll never pass the medical, son.”He’d been heartbroken, and had tried so hard to improve – but there were a few things he just couldn’t fix. He couldn’t force himself to grow (he’s stopped at 5’4 and never got any taller) and trying to ‘bulk up’ just gave him a pot belly that looked out of place when combined with his skinny arms and legs. He couldn’t fix his heart murmur, his colour-blindness, his scoliosis – or any of his other long lists of medical ailments. He went to the gym though, and worked through the list of exercises that he’d been given from his physical therapist. He could do a little running – although it still took him a lot longer than it should to ‘sprint’ 100 meters. He’d always been warned about pushing himself to hard, but Steve had wanted to prove to the world (and himself) that he could do mote – he could be more – if he just worked hard.
 Working at Stark Industries as a graphic designer had been a great step up the ladder for Steve, and he’d rewarded himself with a whole new life – new apartment, new clothes, new diet, new outlook on life. Mostly he’d stuck to it – he used the running machine in the morning, and he worked on his upper body after work. He upped the amount of water he drank and he’d almost convinced himself that he was getting a little bit of a six-pack if he clenched his muscles in front of the mirror. But when he opened the door to the repairman, he felt every single one of his insecurities bubble to the surface.What did it matter that he’d bought a nice pair of designer glasses, perched on his face with thick black rims, when the man in front of him had the most stunning navy blue eyes he’d ever seen? What did it matter that he’d bought some nice skinny jeans that made his legs look a little longer when the man in front of him looked like a Levi’s pin-up in loose fit well-worn jeans, hanging off his hips? What did it matter than Steve had rolled up his shirt sleeves of a nice crisp shirt and a fitted cardigan when the man in front of him was wearing a crumpled white tee-shirt that showed off his muscular, tanned arms – and his full sleeve tattoo?Steve had been the founding member of his high schools LGTB club, and his little rainbow badge on his satchel hadn’t made him many friends there, but did when he’d gotten to college – he knew he was attracted to guys.The thing was: the guy standing at his door was probably attractive to everyone.“Roger?” He said, looking at Steve like he’d rather be anywhere else.“Steve.” He found himself saying stepping back to allow the repairman into the apartment.“You said Roger on the phone,” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Tattooed Bucky

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

