Work Text:
Steve accepted the job offer at Oakdale Prep Institute mainly because Sam and Peggy wouldn’t stop giving him those eyes.You know those ones; the ones that say: ‘I know you’re healing and you need time but how long is enough time?’ And Steve’s all-time favourite: ‘I know you haven’t been sleeping but I’m going to pretend I didn’t notice and keep ignoring those bags until you wanna say something about it.’ Steve hates that one. Because they’re right.And coming back after two tours in Afghanistan to an old apartment with memories of his life before war: innocent and wide eyed with the foolish hopes of becoming an artist in his own right, was too much to look at and pretend it was all going to be okay. Like it was still a dream that could be made reality if he just stopped hiding out in his apartment or running the race track down Avenue Road until his heart was in his throat and muscles screamed like the voices in his head.So he took it. Took a teaching position as an Art History teacher because he’s qualified for it and it was already what he went to college for anyway. He likes history and he loves art. He wants to inspire others. It makes sense. On paper.The pay is pretty impressive. It’s enough to rent his apartment that has the most room on the third floor of a decent building and the military compensation proved itself a considerate help to upgrade his motorbike. Steve doesn’t have much to complain about.He’s alive. He’s got a job and he’s alive. He’s surviving and that, that matters, he tells himself again, as he slips under and out of the arm of his girlfriend Carol and sneaks into the living room to sleep on the floor.
 
 (43 days until) 
“How long has this mac and cheese been in here?” Steve asks and pops the lid to sniff. The once orange cheese looks pale and anemic.“Steve, did you hear me?”“Hm?” Steve doesn’t turn around but opens the drawer under the sink and dumps the contents. That was supposed to be his lunch, goddammit.“I said… I think we should see other people.” Carol says.
 “I’m sorry, what?” Sam says at lunch time.They’re sitting in the teacher’s lounge because Sam had put his foot down a week after the semester started and declared that their habit of going out to fast food chains next to the school was way too frequent that they either a) ran into students or b) ran into students and ended up getting sick of pizza and no one should ever get sick of pizza if they can help it.So here they are, sitting in the nearly abandoned teacher’s lounge and Sam has his fork halfway to his mouth, meat ravioli hanging onto dear life before plopping messily into his Tupperware.“You heard me,” Steve mumbles and cracks open his root beer that fizzles so quickly he has to latch onto it with his mouth.“Yeah I heard you, but you proceeded it with ‘I’ll trade you a bite of ravioli for my Cuban,’ oh and by the way,” Sam points at him with his tomatoey fork, “Carol broke up with me before breakfast.”Steve grumbles. “Well, that’s what happened.”“And you seem so beat up about it.”And that’s sort of the thing Steve is most uncomfortably guilty about. He had expected to feel something about it. But mostly, he just feels confused and a little clumsy. Like he forgot there was an extra step on the staircase and felt his foot drop too many inches, too fast.“I’m not happy about it,” Steve clarifies and picks at his sandwich, tearing off a piece of ham instead of taking a bite at all. “I’m also just not that upset. Things had been fizzling for a while.” Which is true. Carol had been sending Steve non-cohesive signals in their last two weeks of being together and Steve could feel the shift in their relationship, like something was coming around the corner and she was secretly helping him prepare for it.But the three months prior to that were fine. Great, even, Steve can admit to himself. He had fallen in love with her when he first saw her fly a fighter jet back in the army. The best pilot in the air force and when they went for coffee, the way she talked about flying, like it was the be all and end of all of everything she could ever achieve, Steve fell even deeper for the passion that burned in her blue eyes. She was strong, resilient and wickedly clever. He loved her. She threw a wicked curve ball whenever they’d play baseball with her work colleagues and never said a word when he woke up from a night terror, sheened in sweat and paranoia. Steve wonders belatedly, if maybe there is someone else.He wonders if there is, they’d be a hell of a lot better for her than him. He still gets anxiety attacks and goes to bed scared of what his mind might concoct. If she’s happy, well, that’s all he ever wanted. That, he can guarantee.Sam studies him in the way that makes Steve feel like he’s getting x-rayed, and worse, that he can hear all of his thoughts loud and clear. Steve barely bites down a ‘quit it Sam, I mean it’ but goes for another sip of his soft drink.“Do you wanna come over for some beers after? I TVO’d Meet 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/OMC

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Veterans
minor PTSD
what's your number inspired kind of just a little
Background Relationships
what's your number?
Mention of carol denvers
no powers
Misunderstandings
Dunkin donuts is the root of all heartache

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/OMC

