Chapter 1: I
    




Chapter Text
They’ve just gotten in three new ambulances that are all from the same district (same ambulance station too) and Bucky already had a headache from a screaming child who he was assigned to so Bucky’s life is decidedly not easy tonight. This might be one of his worst shifts- it’s definitely topped by that one time a semi hit a school bus full of student athletes (middle school age) and the emergency room was overflowing with parents and their children who were all patients but still definitely up there. 
The ER was already packed full of people who all have different issues (most relating to drunk accidents because /of course/ it’s a friday night) that need attending to and he now has to find room for three gurneys. Three gurneys that have three people who cannot walk and need major surgeries with the addition of two others who can walk but are in bad enough shape that means they might as well not be able to. And he doesn’t need the charge nurse (the nurse in /charge/ of organizing the ER) shouting at him from across the way to tell him about how the patients (all related to one another via blood) were trapped in their burning home for roughly thirty minutes before escaping. 
He’s not an idiot. 
He knows that, he doesn’t even have to look at them to know it. They all reek of it and certainly not for the first time he’s cursing evolution for giving omega’s such sensitive noses. Usually it’s because someone’s so bloody he can smell it on them in such a way that means he can literally taste it too (seeing as he’s an omega and has a wonderfully strong sense of smell on top of that). Now it’s because they smell of smoke and it’s beginning to choke him as if he was in the fire too. However that really isn’t really that bad when you also consider that they have other wounds… meaning they waft the scent of burning flesh. Which is exactly not what Bucky wants or needs but it is what he gets for thinking he wanted to be an emergency room nurse not just a regular care nurse. 
He’s thinking about punching himself in the face the second he gets off his shift when he sees him again. 
The man had come in with the three ambulances- which have all left by time he’s not running around like his head was cut off because it's nearly been an hour -and Bucky had assumed because of his uniform that he was a firefighter who had come in with the victims to report the situation to the nurses and other emergency staff. But… he’s still here. Usually any of the first responders who relay information back to ER staff by coming in with the EMTS leave just as soon as they do. 
Again Bucky reminds himself, gritting his teeth, that he’s not an idiot so there has to be something wrong here. He looks fine. At least from what Bucky can see of him looks okay- he is only able to see the man’s impressively broad shoulders and comically (comparatively to his shoulders at least) tiny waist and long legs. An alpha then, he thinks as he walks towards the man. He gets stopped by another nurse before he can reach the stranger. She’s apologizing on behalf of the charge nurse, spouting the same old “stressful situations instincts” excuse that’s been used since he’s been at his hospital. He waves her off. Busying himself with unhappy grumbling about having a female alpha as their charge nurse- not because she isn’t good at her job, she’s fantastic… most of the time. It’s just that she’s not cool under pressure. Often using (supposedly “unintentional”) pheromones and her alpha voice to get them to do what she wants which has always made him scoff. They’re going to take care of people whether she orders them to or not so there is absolutely /no/ use in making all the omega nurses on shift completely uncomfortable or worse shaky and uncertain from the sudden angry alpha. 
His train of thought revolving around trashing his boss is interrupted by the sound of someone attempting to hack their lungs out of their mouth. It makes his upper lip curl up a little, it’s a dry and rough sound but still wheezing. Like they’re trying to get something out of them by coughing but they can’t get enough air in to-
Bucky’s head shoots up fast enough a strand of hair comes loose from his ponytail, he frantically tries to see where the firefighter went because that cough is something he’s heard before from smoke inhalation. Something that can be harmless but also deadly depending on the degree of damage. 
He’s been drowning out the noise all night, or rather- not focusing in on it. He just thought it was someone who had a bad cold or maybe bronchitis even though it’s not really the right time of year for that. Now he panics- if that guy, if he’s a firefighter surely he has it bad then.
The blessedly soothing scent of one of the beta’s he works with mellows his own fear spiked one when he comes to Bucky’s side, “you should try to examine him” Bucky raises an eyebrow and Lucus puts his hands up. “Not what I meant Buck, he just- he won’t let anyone e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Verse
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
First Meetings
Meet-Cute
Meet-Awkward
Minor Injuries
Caretaking
(kinda)
Exchanging Phone numbers
First Kiss
First Time
Love at First Sight
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
steve is a firefighter
bucky is an ER nurse
long haired bucky
Bonding
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
Bucky Has An Anxiety Disorder
Scenting
Coworkers Being Annoying
Workplace Trouble
Texting
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Smut
Domestic Fluff
Domestic
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Romance
Romantic Fluff
Excessive Giggling/Laughter
Misunderstandings
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Feels
(on both Bucky and Steve's part)
Grinding
Blow Jobs
First Times
(it's the first time Steve's been with an omega)
Awkward Conversations
Conversations
Dry Humping
Mattress/Pillow Humping
Shower Sex
Masturbation
Coming Untouched
Coming In Pants
Multiple Orgasms
Desperation
Praise Kink
Dom/sub
Light Dom/sub
Drunken Shenanigans
Drunkenness
Falling In Love
Idiots in Love
Mutual Masturbation
Finger Sucking
Fingerfucking
Moving In Together
(sorta... you'll see)
Teasing
Semi-Public Sex
(not really but also yes?)
Double Knotting
"Scientific" Research
(Bucky's a nerd that's getting fucked real good)
Thighs
thigh fucking
Love Confessions
Stomach Bulge
Come Inflation
Distension
Begging
Dirty Talk
Sex Toys
Feminization
(meantioned) - Freeform
Light BDSM
Spanking
Squirting
Dildos
Knotting Dildos
fleshlight

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

