Work Text:
It’s happening again. The live music thrums through the bar as I sit with my friends—laughing and chatting with each other over the din of the music. Scents swirl through the air just like the cacophony of sounds, filling the space and creating an atmosphere of relaxed amusement.Hanging out at the bar—The Tower—on Friday night is our tradition. We spend the week working at our jobs before coming together and catching up while getting just drunk enough to block out the more annoying events of the week. Two friends are conspicuously absent, but their tardiness is so expected, it’s practically a tradition at this point too.But that is not what grates on my nerves and sets my teeth on edge—it’s the underlying pain radiating through my every pore and the buzzing that plucks at my skin like millions of ants constantly crawling over me. Spikes of sensation, like pinching bites, irritate my nerves as I try to hide my condition and keep my fidgeting to a minimum. Clint continues to regale us all about his interaction with HR after some incident involving a stapler, donut, and copy machine. I chuckle along with everyone else, but I can’t ignore the feeling on my skin—my mind drifting back to my doctor’s concern at my appointment this morning.
It’s called touch deprivation. It’s fatal for 1 in 5 omegas.
I sigh quietly through my nose as I itch to peel away my skin piece by piece, maybe that would make me feel better. My eyes scan across the table as Natasha smirks at her beta, still telling the story. Her eyes flick toward mine, a question sent my way. I avert my gaze and try once more to focus on what Clint is saying. But my eyes drift to Tony, then Thor, before falling to my lap.
You need human contact—alphas are best, but betas can help too. Find someone you trust, or visit the local heat clinic. It isn’t too late to recover yet, but it will be soon. 
I lean closer to Wanda, feeling her unconsciously shift toward me. Her nose twitches as she turns her attention to me.“Are you alright? You smell different,” she asks, her accent lilting on each syllable. I shrug and shift in my seat. Her voice drops, keeping my confidence, “You’re not going into heat are you? I have emergency suppressants in my purse if you need them.”I shake my head and blow an unsteady breath out of my lips. My nails dig into my thighs through my skirt as I struggle to find a response to Wanda, her gaze almost as piercing as Natasha’s.“And then she said she’d never seen one shaped like that before. Asked if I needed to see a doctor,” Clint finishes with a swig of his beer—thus saving me from responding.Laughter greets the end of his story as I instinctively flinch at the mention of a doctor, and Natasha takes the segue and turns her full attention to me.“Speaking of, how was your appointment today?” Her cool green eyes bore into me. I know that my best bet is to lie, but she will instantly see right through it even if I manage to fool the others.I gulp and clear my throat, “It was enlightening, I suppose.” I scoot away from her, toward the edge of the booth.“Enlightening,” she echoes, her tone dull with judgement and expectancy.No one speaks a word, knowing not to get between Natasha and her target. It’s her way. She makes sure she knows everything about her friends—everything. It’s how she shows she cares. But I can’t tell them I’m touch deprived. Especially because I haven’t figured out how I’m going to fix it—or even if I can.It would be hard enough to discuss the fact that I purposely keep a distance from everyone. Hell, the last person I remember hugging me is Wanda when she got really dependent during her heat 6 months ago. I didn’t even initiate it. But she’d met Viz, her alpha extraordinaire, and didn’t need me to help her anymore. I never ask for her help, refusing to become an inconvenience. And I don’t go to clinics for help with my heats, even if they’re clean, healthy, and have great heat plans. It feels wrong to rely on a stranger to help me regulate my cycle—especially when I’ve been pining after a mated pair for years and, in my fucked up brain, going anywhere else would be akin to cheating. So, I handle myself with a pile of blankets, box sets of murder mystery TV shows, air conditioning set on full-blast, and sheer determination to ignore my raging hormones.And I can’t turn to my alpha friends for help with this new development. It would be poor manners to barge in when they’re all attached. Natasha has Clint, and though he’s a beta, they’re not looking for an omega as far as I know. Tony has Bruce and Pepper—alpha, omega, beta—their trio a completed pack that’s not looking for any new additions. While Thor isn’t yet bonded, and looks like a literal god with long blonde hair and mouth-watering muscles, he is quite content with his arrangement—Sif and Jane, both omegas who are content to share an alpha. And I don’t even think the name of my last alpha friend. Him and his mate are not an option—no matter how much I wish th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Sif/Thor
hint of Natasha Romanoff/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Mutual Pining
Possessive Behavior
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Touch-Starved
Touch Deprivation - Disease
Smut
Dom/sub Undertones
Cunnilingus
Oral Sex
Hand Jobs
Biting
Marking
Scenting
Fluff
Loss of Virginity
Childhood Friends
Sex
Vaginal Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Sif/Thor
hint of Natasha Romanoff/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

