Work Text:
Bucky’s new phone came with very little pre-installed apps, which Clint decided just wasn’t good enough. He stole the phone and by the time Bucky got it back, there were pages of the damn things.“Seriously?” He said, scrolling through the list. “Words with Friends? I don’t have enough friends for this!”“Tash loves it.” Clint shrugged. “I’m saving you the hardship of her forcing you to play later, trust me. Just be aware though – she’s ruthless. I added you to snapchat, and Candycrush – I don’t care if you don’t play it, I need you to send me lives, okay?” Bucky would never admit it, but he really, really liked the Angry Bird thing – he was pretty good at it – and he kinda liked the snapchat because Clint used his to tell stupid stories that made him laugh and Tash used hers to take selfie pictures of her holding her cat and Bucky won’t ever admit that he thinks that’s kinda adorable, mostly because Tashs’ cat looks like a ball of pure rage whenever picked up.Other people add him – he’s not sure why, but he ends up with a few different ‘friends of friends’ on his list, so he gets selfies and pictures from people he doesn’t recognise at all. The guy who pops up in a background shot Clint takes one time is on his list under ‘Releasethefalcon’ and that kinda makes sense because Clint’s name is ‘Thehawkguy’ so Bucky assumes they’re friends. His name is ‘Wintersarge’ because Clint’s a creative guy except when it comes to naming things, and Tash is ‘Spiderbite’ which she picked herself and Bucky’s not stupid enough to tease her about that.But then he’s got this guy – ‘Americap’ – who shows up one day on his list and Bucky doesn’t think twice about adding him, and now he’s just confused. Americap isn’t even in the US, from the snaps he takes, he looks like he’s on some kind of army base, probably Afghanistan going on the sand and sun that bleaches out his pictures. Bucky had thought at first it was an old Army buddy, adding him, but the first selfie he got debunked that – he’d have remembered Americap. Those shoulders would be hard to forget.He wasn’t sure who the guy was, but hell, he was an Army boy like Bucky, and he sent one or two snaps a week, mostly of spiders (Bucky’s never going to miss those giant fuckers, not ever) and blocking him seemed a little harsh. So Bucky stuck with taking pictures of Brooklyn and his coffee cups (which makes Tash laugh at him and Clint calls him a hipster for the black and white shots) but screw em, because he always gets replays and a couple of times Americap had taken a screenshot of them – so they couldn’t have been so bad. He didn’t think about it much anymore, just snapped things he saw and liked, saving them before sending to everyone on his list. He got a few new adds, some people he knew (Onthehill was a friend of Natasha, she also had a cat, although mostly her snaps were of her pulling ridiculous faces) and some people he didn’t (Peppapot never took a selfie, so he didn’t know what she looked like, but her snaps were mostly of other cities and different local foods) and sometimes they’d even send him little messages on the chat system – Peppapot mostly, she liked his panoramic views of the skyline, often asking him to resend.He didn’t think much about it, until one day he sent out a picture of himself on the top of the Empire State building. His hair was back in a bun, but the wind was so strong up there that some stands had gotten loose and were waving about. He’d never taken a selfie before, but fuck it, the view was great and he’d just gotten into the habit of posting ever picture he took. Friday nights used to be clubs and booze and puking-up in alleys on the way home when they’d been younger, but ever since Bucky and Clint got discharged, they’d been totally turned off the idea. Bucky still had issues with people looking at him weird and Clint didn’t cope well in crowds, so now they spent their Friday nights between apartments – this week it was Clint’s turn, and his kid sister (not so much a kid any more, Bucky noticed, then hated himself for noticing considering he’d first met her when she’d been starting high school) had decided to join them.“Saw your selfie,” Kate grinned, ‘Hawkeye’ on his snapchat, because it pissed of her brother who had wanted that name. “Don’t think I’ve seen you in a picture since before you got home.” Her eyes didn’t linger on his arm – the space where his arm should be – when she smiled. “Looking good for an old guy.”“Screw you, Kate.” He grumbled. “I’m younger than Clint.”“So are dinosaurs.” She shot back, about to kick her feet on the table and stopping in just enough time before knocking over the board game Clint was setting up. He didn’t reply to her comment which meant that he’d forgotten to put his hearing aids back in or he was trying to be the bigger man and not rag on his sister.The board game for the evening was called ‘Ticket to Ride’ and Bucky was pleased because he’d bought it for Clint’s birthday and he’d been de
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

