Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text

2023 – Final Battle.
 Peter was holding the gauntlet in the middle of a giant game of keep away. So far, he had used Instant Kill mode, had been carried along by Mjolnir, had ridden on a Pegasus and been carried by Miss Pepper. Now he was currently attempting to shield himself and the gauntlet from blasts raining down from one of Thanos’ ships. “You must do it,” Peter heard a soft voice echo amongst the explosions, but he couldn’t pinpoint the source. “You will not find us out there.” 
 
“What the shit?” Peter hissed out as he curled his body over the gauntlet housing the six most powerful items in the universe. “We have chosen you Peter. Only you,” the voice said again. “Who are you? What the fuck?” Peter hissed again. The blasts stopped suddenly, and Peter watched as the canons turned to the skies. “Who are you?” “There is no time. We are sorry to put this on you young one. But you are the only one who will survive,” the voice said again, and Peter finally noticed that the Stones were glowing and pulsating in the gauntlet. “Yes Peter. That is us.” 
 
“Holy shit,” Peter whispered. From the skies, Peter could see someone descending. “What do you mean survive?” “You will survive the energy backlash from our use. Your mentor will not. Things will never be repaired if he uses us in your place,” a new voice spoke this time and Peter frowned. “Mr Stark wants to use you?” Peter murmured and the Stones appeared to glow in agreement. “But he’ll die. He has a family.” Before Peter could say anything more, a woman landed in front of him. “Hi. I’m Peter Parker,” Peter said stupidly as the woman smirked down at him. He slowly got to his feet and glanced around the battlefield. “Hey, Peter Parker. You got something for me?” The woman replied and Peter looked down at the gauntlet in his arms. The voice inside him that sounded like Mr Stark was telling him to give the gauntlet to the glowing lady. But those other voices, they said Mr Stark would die. “Hey Peter? We are running low on time here.” “Only you Peter Parker,” six voices this time, all different, echoed in Peter’s head. Peter looked between the gauntlet and the woman again. The woman was now frowning, almost like she knew he was thinking of doing something stupid. “I’m sorry,” Peter whispered. Before the woman could say anything, Peter reactivated his mask, shot a web onto a passing alien, and took off. He could hear the others screaming at him, but he ignored them. He just had to get somewhere far enough away that he could snap without someone stopping him. “PETER! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?” Tony’s voice yelled down the comms in his suit, but Peter ignored him. Peter quickly webbed the gauntlet to his chest and now that both hands were free, he was able to use them to his full advantage while swinging. “DOES ANYONE HAVE EYES ON THE KID?” Steve yelled into his comms and the Avengers and their allies began frantically checking the skies for Peter. Peter leapt off the alien he was attached to and landed in an open clearing on the battlefield. “I got him!” Pepper yelled back as she changed direction mid-air and started to make her way to the teen. “Pete, you gotta give that to Captain Danvers.” “No can-do Miss Pepper,” Peter replied as he took the webbing off the gauntlet. Before he could say anything else, a loud thud was heard behind him. Peter turned his head and spotted Thanos. “So, this is how you choose to die?” Thanos said as he walked towards Peter. “You will die, and this will all have been for nothing. I always win. I am inevitable.” “Be strong young one. We will always be with you,” the voices echoed again, and Peter lifted the gauntlet. He could hear people screaming at him to stop but it was like he was in a trance. He told his mask to go off and he stared down the creature who had killed him along with half of the universe. “Yeah well, I am Spider-Man. And you won’t take another person I love away from me,” Peter said firmly. He slipped the gauntlet onto his hand and immediately he regretted it. Blinding pain shot through his body and he resisted the urge to rip the gauntlet off. He could hear thrusters approaching and had enough time to turn his head and see Tony approaching him fast. “Love you Mr Stark.” Peter snapped his fingers and let out a scream as his whole body was engulfed in a white light. Tony landed hard beside the teen as Peter let out the most gut-wrenching scream. Coloured lights were encircling the teen and Tony could only watch in horror. He slammed his hand against the arc reactor on his chest and the suit disappeared just in time for him to catch the teen as he fell. “He… was your… son,” Tony turned at Thanos’ voice and noticed it was weakening. Looking around, Tony watched as the members of Thanos’ army began to disintegrate. “He… was the best of your kind. For what it’s worth, I am sorry… to see him go.” “Fuck you and your apologies,” Tony hissed out through tears. Thanos smiled almost serenel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Domestic Avengers
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Sentient Infinity Stones (Marvel)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
BAMF Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Peter Parker Protection Squad
Protective Peter Parker
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Endgame Fix-It
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Wanda Maximoff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

