Chapter 1: Escape
    


Summary:

Bucky has torn you apart.



Notes:
for clarification purposes...the blurb, in the beginning, takes place in the Present. The "Prologue" is just back story on Bucky. You can skip to Chapter 1 if you'd like (just simply scroll past Prologue). Reading the Prologue is not essential, but might be helpful to better understand Bucky's emotions at the beginning of the story. Optional. This book is split into 3 Parts: "The Society", "The Capitol", and "The Agreement". Hope you enjoy! :)




Chapter Text
                                                                              
                                                                                                                                      

+ + +
In a moment of weakness, you can’t help but try to find your building on the horizon made up of glass.
You try to find the room that had been yours for the last six months; the home where he had belittled you countless of times.
But also where he'd touched your skin so softly, leaving a trail of fire and heat.
The bedroom where you had given your heart to him in your bed,
and where you thought he had given you his.

+ + +

Prologue
It was 1938 in Brooklyn, when his father died. He was just twenty-one years old. He became an orphan.
Months earlier, his sister was taken away from him while he was training. He was at the same camp his father had trained at in Camp Lehigh in New Jersey. The day his father died was also the same day he had met her. 
Her name was Daisy. 
He was just outside the Cotton Club when she emerged from inside the Dusenberg J. She had light blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. She was the woman Bucky had been waiting for his entire life.
Her gown was silver. It hugged her body at just perfect places, showing off her curves gracefully. They danced that night to The Way You Look Tonight, and right after, she sipped a dirty Martini.
His hand settled for the small of her back as they danced. Later that night, they ended up in Dumbo in his cheap apartment, where they ended up sharing their first kiss.
Ella Fitzgerald’s voice was playing on his record player in the background as he laid her on his bed. It was also the same night she realized he was a soldier, and that he would soon leave her behind.
They fell in love too fast, too strongly. They had only known each other for a few weeks when he proposed to her. He wished he had known it would be the last time he would see her.  
He wouldn’t know what he lost until seventy-six years later.

 
 

PART 1

 
 
 

"THE SOCIETY"

 
 
 
 
 
 

1


   

 
Year: 2021

You needed to escape The Capitol.
The tears are heavy in your throat, and it burns from the screaming and crying that you had done earlier in your room.
Your right hand opens and tightens into a fist repeatedly. Your nails cave into the skin of your palm, leaving crescent shaped indents.
You didn’t think it would get this bad. Not your love for him, nor his boundless hate towards you. 
Every dagger, as a word he threw your way, pained you. It hurt the same way it did when you first met him, when you first told him you loved him, and when you first fucked.
He had continued to stare at you with those cold eyes, and with that expression that he always saved just for you. You filled his soul with hate and disgust.
How could you have hoped for a change?
He had showed you nothing but antipathy, yet you couldn’t pull away. You allowed yourself to believe your self-doubt, thinking he was getting better, and that he was finally changing. And you were falling for pity; he had been through so much, he just needed to heal, you told yourself. 
You had continued to let him hurt you with his words, and you let him have his way with your heart and body. It was the only way you could feel him.
Call it desperation or call it love. It wasn’t an obsession, nor a strange case of Stockholm Syndrome. You weren’t his captive, nor his trainee. You were never tied up, and neither was he. He didn’t hold you at gunpoint.
He was on the good side. 
He was your partner.
You weren’t forced into what you had done with each other. He would never hold it against you, knowing you went into it willingly. You and him both knew what you were capable of, and you could have stopped it. He would rather feed you to the wolves, knowing you’d do your very best to free yourself without his help. What happened wasn’t a delusion. It was something else.
And you had allowed it to go on for way too long. You fell in too deep, and you think he knows.
You needed to escape The Capitol.
Keeping your head down as you walk through the howling of the city life, under the monorail and through the heavy puddles, you hear the undeniable whispering.
You had to be fast.
There’s a Coroner out of your peripheral. He wore his traditional black garment, boarded by a gold essence that only the elite could afford. His hair was immaculate, but his eyes were filled with uncertain rage. For half of a second, you think y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader

freeform: 
Enemies to Lovers
Temporarily Unrequited Love
Friends With Benefits
Strong Language
Angry Sex
Smut
Heavy Angst
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Sharing a Bed
I’ll add more as more come up
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Undercover prostitution in one chapter
Toxic Relationship
might be triggering for anyone who has been in an emotionally abusive relationship
Triggering fighting
toxic
Suicidal Thoughts
Unhealthy Relationships
Blow Jobs
Physical Altercations
Cock Warming
Some Physical Abuse but not between Reader and Bucky
Anal Play
They cry a lot during sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader

