Chapter 1: I Am Broken
    




Chapter Text
When Steve and his friends finally caught up with James Buchanan Barnes, he was living in a simple stone house in the hills outside Azzano in Italy.  In the end, Steve supposed he shouldn’t have been surprised.  It was in Azzano that Bucky had last been in full possession of himself, before Schmidt’s Tesseract-powered forces had captured the 107th, and Zola had first experimented on Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes.  It was in Azzano that James Buchanan Barnes had watched the men serving under him cut to pieces by the Tesseract weapons, ground under the unforgiving tread of the Tesseract-powered tanks, obliterated by the inhuman power of the Tesseract beams.  It was in Azzano that James Buchanan Barnes’s soul had been laid waste, and so it was in a house, quiet, tumble-down and forgotten by all but an enterprising real estate agent, that James Buchanan Barnes had sought peace, sought that elusive soul that he’d lost so many years before.In the 70 years since the war, nearly all trace of it had faded from the landscape.  There were still buildings in ruin, still places where the land was pocked with holes from mortar fire and more arcane weaponry.  Still places where nothing would grow, the soil infected by the Tesseract, by the evil that was and is Hydra.They – Sam and Natasha and sometimes Tony and Pepper and Clint and Bruce and even Colonel Rhodes, and then Coulson when he’d allowed them to know he was alive, and his team – they’d all followed the glorious trail of destruction James Buchanan Barnes had forged across the world, leaving Hydra cells and Hydra facilities – many once belonging to SHIELD – in smoking ruin, their secrets posted to the Internet as personnel died screaming or gurgling on blood welling up from broken bodies and ruptured organs, as demolished equipment spun gouts of flame and spiraling smoke to dance a macabre dance of death, as buildings and bunkers and base camps collapsed in on themselves, courtesy not of the Winter Soldier, but of the man who’d been broken and remade here in Azzano, courtesy of one James Buchanan Barnes.At each site he’d carved his Army serial number, whether it be in stone, or steel or once living flesh.  He left his signature for any who might venture into the hell he’d wrought, the purifying fire he’d unleashed upon the earth in his search for redemption.To Steve, it had always said one thing.
Come find me.
And so, Steve did.  They’d pinpointed him here, in this quiet spot on the lee of a hill, an old white stone building gradually dissolving back into the hillside, surrounded by tall grasses and the remnants of a forest that had once stood here.  Steve thought he might even remember this place from the long march back to the base all those years ago, but he couldn’t be sure.  There’d been so many places ravaged by the war, so many places that would never be the same after the conflict had moved on.  So many places where landmarks had been blasted into memory and then nothing.He went in alone, but the others – the entire team – remained on standby, some on the ground, like Natasha and several of Coulson’s team, some from above, like Tripp and Tony and Rhodey, some from vantage points where they could launch at the slightest hitch in his breath, like Sam and Clint and May.The world’s mightiest heroes and their friends.  All assembled to take down one man.Steve understood, really he did.  But he knew it wasn’t necessary.  He’d known since waking up in the hospital after the helicarriers had come down, after Hydra had exploded out of the corpse of SHIELD, after he’d been recovered on the bank of the Potomac.James Buchanan Barnes – Bucky would never hurt him.  Never again.He’d come to take Bucky home.And so he stood before the heavy wooden door, an artifact even older than he was, and that made him smile.  It was freshly painted red, and the brass doorknob – a recent addition, he suspected – gleamed as though it were polished every day.  There was no knocker on the door, so Steve simply stood up straight, smoothed down the front of his t-shirt, adjusted the set of his leather jacket, and dusted his fingers through his hair before nodding to himself, ignored the taunting through his comm from Tony, and he simply knocked.  And waited.&&&In the month since James had returned to New York and taken up residence in Stark Junior’s tower, in the month since Steve had arrived at his doorstep with his impossible, hopeful and damning smile, in the month since James had stopped running, stopped setting the world ablaze, stopped … simply stopped … he had discovered nearly every place it was possible for a full-grown human male to secrete himself within Stark’s tower.  He’d explored the air vents, the cooling systems, the substructures and maintenance tunnels, the rooftops, the guts and sinew of the building and its furthest points.  He knew the power source was buried off shore beyond the bay, but it linked to the tower through condui
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Voyeurism
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Masturbation
Coming Untouched
Coming In Pants
Self-Hatred
Period-Typical Homophobia
Exhibitionism
Sex Toys
Panic Attacks
Canon-Typical Violence
Nightmares
(talk of) assisted suicide
Hand Jobs
Public Hand Jobs
Mutual Masturbation
Shower Sex
Masturbation in Shower
First Time
Virgin Steve Rogers
Anal Sex
Cuddling & Snuggling
Naked Cuddling
Oral Sex
Frottage
Docking
Wall Sex
Intercrural Sex
Face-Fucking
Edging
Orgasm Delay
Food Sex
Uniform Kink
69 (Sex Position)
Anal Fingering
Anal Fisting
Rimming
Rough Sex
Doggy Style
Couch Sex
Cock Warming
Public Sex
Declarations Of Love
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

