Work Text:
"There's this boy," Tony says from where he is seated behind his solid mahogany desk, voice pitched low, but loud enough for all in the room to hear, “at Peter's school. He keeps sending Peter home to me all marked up." He looks around the room at everyone gathered, most lounging with studied casualness on a pair of large cream couches, and his voice raises in disbelief. "To me! As if he doesn't know who I am." The noises coming from one corner of the room seem to rise in pitch for a moment before dying away again, the sharp crack of hand on flesh followed by sniffles and aborted cries a steady background to Tony’s musing. He reaches a hand down to the boy between his thighs and pets the light brown hair. "I think to myself, 'He's young, he's dumb, he's full of cum,' as the saying goes.” Tony sighs and shakes his head, eyes raised to the ceiling as if in supplication. “I tell myself I should be tolerant. After all, it is hard to resist my little Petey. Such a pretty boy. Such a gorgeous body. His skin really does mark up so beautifully." At that, Tony looks across the room to where Peter is strapped into a breeding bench and being spanked by Barnes, Tony's second-in-command. The man’s arm moves in a well practised arc, restrained power in every blow. By the bulge in his trousers, Tony can see Barnes is enjoying this. "Such a beautiful shade of red you’re putting on those cheeks, James." Tony pauses for a moment to admire Barnes's handiwork before his eyes make a slow path over the rest of Peter's nude body, what he can see of it that isn’t obscured by the bench. His collarbones, chest, thighs and genitals are a patchwork quilt of varying colours and marks. Some are livid red, with teeth imprints scored into delicate skin. Some are very dark pink, almost brown, resembling blood blisters. Some appear mottled and uneven, with many shades evident. Others look more like bruises than hickeys, blues and purples fighting with greens and yellows for attention. "I mean, those other marks are equally delightful. But they're not his to give. He. Has. No. Right." 



Tony's eyes catch on Peter's then. His gaze is hard, anger glimmering in 






its






 depths, and the hand that is in the hair of the boy under the desk tightens reflexively. Harley lets out a yelp and his father glances down apologetically.




"Sorry, baby boy. It's not your fault your slut brother can't keep his legs together." Tony's grip relaxes again and he runs a finger down the side of Harley's face. "You're being such a good boy for me, Harls. So good. Mouth like silk, you have. Just remember, keep still and don't suck too much. Daddy doesn't want to cum just yet." 



Peter has been quietly sobbing while Barnes spanks him, but he lets out a pained cry when Rogers walks into the room, the last piece of peel from 






a






 ginger root fluttering to the carpet as Rogers wipes off his knife on his pants and passes the root to Barnes before removing his gloves and depositing them in the trash can.



 "No, Daddy, no, please. Please don't let him use the ginger!"

Peter lets out a shriek as Barnes removes the plug that was in Peter’s ass before spitting on the ginger and attempting to work it into Peter. Peter tries to wriggle his hips away from Bucky’s hands but the breeding bench doesn’t give him a lot of space to move.

“Hold still, brat. I ain’t actually aiming to damage you.” Bucky reaches down and grabs Peter’s balls in a tight grip. “I said, hold still!”

Peter stills and Bucky takes care to insert the root gradually so none of it snaps off, oils from the plant letting it slide in without much trouble.

“You got such a greedy hole, boy. No wonder your Daddy keeps you plugged up all the time,” Barnes mutters as he resumes the spanking.

Tony watches quietly for several long moments before turning to Natasha. "The boy's name is Flash Thompson. He needs a lesson in manners and ownership. My boys are mine. They are mine to fuck, mine to love, mine to mark. He needs to learn to keep his hands, or in this case his mouth, to himself."

He considers for a minute, hard eyes trained on Peter's face. Peter is squirming now, the ginger beginning to burn, and Peter's little cock is standing to attention and dripping for all to see. His face is red and Tony knows his son, knows he’s equally mortified and turned on, and mortified even more at being turned on by being on show in this way for everyone: naked, vulnerable, and being punished. The fact that most people in the room are ignoring what is happening to Peter would only fan his flames higher. "Break the boy’s jaw. Carefully. Creatively. Let him know that this is his first and only warning."

Natasha nods and turns away, exiting the room swiftly through the far door as Peter screams, "Noooooo!!" Natasha doesn’t spare him a glance.

"Rogers, shut him up, will you?"

Steve pulls his cock out, semi-hard chub needing only a few pumps to bring it to full attention, then shoves it in Peter's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Marking
Punishment
Spanking
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Cock Warming
Figging
Humiliation
Public Humiliation
Public Nudity
Cock Slut
Dark Tony Stark
Possessive Tony Stark
Mob Boss Tony Stark
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Verbal Humiliation
Situational Humiliation
Threats of Violence
Extremely Dubious Consent
Face-Fucking
Sharing
Breeding Bench
Mentions of bestiality
Restraints
Manhandling
There is non-consensual touching in this fic of a sexual variety
between people who are not actually in a relationship
so I have not tagged them as ships
Dark Bucky Barnes
Dark Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson

