Work Text:

 Steve presents first, to the absolute shock of everyone, at the age of twelve. Like the rest of his body, his hormone and pheromone systems are weak and erratic, and he can't sustain a knot long enough for any kind of relief. He can barely even scent, and generally can only manage that if he massages his scent glands and sort of forces it out. His first rut is a week of misery, after which his doctor prescribes a mild suppressant that masks his presentation entirely.
Bucky doesn't present for so long he has to start going to see a doctor every three months to try to figure out why. He finally presents two weeks after Steve's seventeenth birthday; Bucky had turned eighteen months ago. One day he fails to show up after school to pick Steve up, so Steve heads over towards the docks to find him. He gets hit with the overwhelming, sweet scent of an Omega in heat, and his Alpha nature tries its best to present. With a horrible feeling in his stomach, Steve approaches the alleyway the scent is coming from, and sees Bucky, flushed and panting, collapsed on the ground with an Alpha Steve doesn't know above him, practically salivating.
   “He's 
  mine,” Steve snarls, even managing to release a little Alpha hormone. There is a forgotten crowbar on the ground mixed in with the other junk and garbage, and Steve picks it up and swings it with a strength he didn't know he had, and lands a blow to the other Alpha's head. The man goes down with a sickening crunch, and Steve drops the crowbar in terror, not knowing if he's just killed another person.
“Stevie? Don't feel good.” Bucky pants, not even paying attention to the body that just practically fell on him.“Yeah, I can see that. Here, lemme help you get home.” Steve hauls Bucky to his feet, realizing that all this vigor is probably coming from Bucky's heat stimulating his own hormones into overdrive, and that he'll likely pay for it later, but he doesn't care as long as he can get Bucky home and into bed.“I'm gonna lose my job,” Bucky moans, as if that is the important thing here, and not the fact that he stinks of slick and first-time presentation pheromones. Omegas aren't allowed to hold any physically demanding job, being of the fairer presentation, regardless of their actual size. “Steve, what am I gonna do?”“I'll tell you what you're gonna do. You're gonna be my Alpha.”“What?”Steve looks both ways to see if there's anyone looking, but it's just them and the unmoving hopefully-not-a-corpse on the ground. He props Bucky up against the wall and rubs himself under his clothes, try to rub as much Alpha pheromone into the cloth as possible. It's not difficult; he's hard, and his knot is as close to ready as it ever gets, and he's practically dripping pheromones. Once his clothes are saturated, he strips off both their clothes, whining at the overwhelming scent of Omega when he gets Bucky's clothes off.He mops the sweat off Bucky's brow and cleans the slick from between Bucky's legs with his undershirt the best he can, before slipping Bucky's clothes over his head, and helping Bucky put his own on. They look a sight; anyone who sees and smells them will think they've just fucked behind the dumpster, but at least Bucky smells like Alpha now, and Steve reeks of Omega.“There. Now people'll think I'm the one in heat.”“Stevie – I can't let you -”“You can, and you will. Most people think I'm Omega anyways cuz of my size; a little more off my reputation won't kill me.”“Looks like I despoiled ya.”“Yeah well. Lets just get you home before you slick right through my trousers.” A shudder goes through him at the very thought of that, but he pulls himself together and helps Bucky home.They scandalize more than a few of the neighbors, but at least it's legal for an Alpha to fuck an Omega through their first heat. It's frowned upon, and Bucky's ma could press charges if she wanted to, but Omegas in heat are generally considered irresistible so at least no one tries to arrest them. Steve's never understood the law, or why it would no longer be acceptable for them to be together after Bucky's first heat, but that's the way it is, and for once, he's grateful.
   Bucky's ma is home when Steve opens the door, and she gasps at the sight of them. “What on 
  earth?”
“Hey ma,” Bucky manages, before collapsing, Steve's burst of energy spent and unable to hold him up any longer.Irene comes and closes the door in a rush, and then helps carry Bucky into his tiny bedroom. She gets them both clean clothes, and Steve has never been more grateful to get out of a sticky pair of underpants in his life. If he could go into rut, he'd be completely gone by now, so really they're all lucky he's disabled like that.“Buck presented Omega today. I found him like this.”“Oh James.”“'S okay,” Steve insists, “I swapped our clothes; all the neighbors think I'm Omega. I was thinking maybe...we could tell my ma? And I could stay over here for the week, and tell the guys at the dock Bucky's helping me throug
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Omega Verse
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Anal Sex
Rimming
Chronic Illness

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

