Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
    I owe so much money, Bucky texted, finally admitting to his best friend Natasha, who was all the way back in Moscow with her own family. I took out three loans to pay for all dad's medical bills and other debts.Shit, Bucky, she replied. Can't you declare yourself bankrupt or something? Get out of it?Bucky took his glasses off to wipe at his teary eyes. Then he replied, these are scary guys, Nat. They're sending debt collectors round every other day now. Idk what to do.If I had any money you know I'd give it to you, Nat replied. Ok, look. I have an idea. There's an Irish boxing gym in Hell's kitchen called Flannagan's. My grandpa worked there when he lived in New York. Go down there, say that Romanov sent you, and you need to borrow some money at low interest. Ask for a guy called Rogers, he knew my grandpa. Bucky read over the message, biting at his lip. Natasha was a good friend, but her family had always sounded a little bit scary to him, and Bucky was automatically wary.He texted back, Idk, Nat, how legit is this? Natasha replied with a heart emoji, then, think of them as another loan shark, but because you know my family they won't charge you an arm and a leg. Literally."Jesus," Bucky murmured under his breath. "Thanks for the reminder, Natasha."Oh, and, Nat added, grandpa says that Rogers is fond of pretty boys with big eyes, so you should be greenlit no problem if you go down in person and bat your eyelashes at him.Bucky's mouth dropped open in surprise. Nat sent some winking and kissing emojis to follow, and Bucky rolled his eyes."Thanks, Nat," he said to himself. He put his phone down and went to pour himself some coffee.On his way to the kitchen there was a loud knock at his apartment door, making Bucky jump. He froze in fright, staring at the locked and bolted door. He'd pushed the dresser in front of it earlier, as had become habit recently due to unexpected visitors.Another knock, louder this time.Bucky didn't dare move. The lights weren't on in the apartment anyway, another habit he'd gotten into to try and avoid the frequent debt collectors who kept coming round.How had they even gotten into the building?
Shit.
Bucky's heart was hammering, but he was saved by his neighbor down the hall who was leaving their apartment and came out into the hallway. Whoever was at Bucky's door left in a hurry.Bucky waited, rigid with fear, but he didn't hear them come back. He wilted with relief, and he certainly didn't need coffee now because his heart-rate was through the roof.Bucky tiptoed back to his phone, sitting cross legged on the floor as he read Nat's new message, some more heart emojis. He texted back with shaky fingers, ok, I'm going to call the gym tomorrow.Nat replied immediately, why don't you call now? They're open late. Isn't it only seven where you are?Bucky hadn't realised that. He wasn't exactly a gym going type, more of a nerd with his nose in a book type.He opened his browser and looked up the gym. There it was. Looked pretty big too, from the Google pictures. And it was indeed still open.Bucky took a deep breath and tapped the number to start the call. He put his phone to his ear as it rang.He really didn't expect somebody to pick up so fast. "Yeah?" said a deep voice.Bucky's heart shot up into his throat, but he swallowed past it. "M-may I speak to Mr. Rogers, please?""Who's askin'?" the voice drawled."Um, James," Bucky said. "Um, Romanov told me to ask for Mr. Rogers.""Romanov, huh?" There was a deep chuckle. "I'm Rogers. What can I do for you?""Oh," Bucky stammered, all the more nervous. "I, um, I needed to... I need to ask for...""Money?" Rogers guessed. "Boxing lessons?"Bucky swallowed. "Money," he managed to say. "I just need a low interest loan, sir."Silence on the other end, and Bucky was fearful he was about to be rejected, then Rogers spoke again."Can you come by the gym?" he asked. "I usually do these meetings face to face. I'm old fashioned that way.""Uh, y-yes..." Bucky glanced over to his door, worried for his safety tonight. "I'm afraid I can't come tonight, but is another day any good?""Sure, kid," Rogers drawled. "I'm in all day again tomorrow. Come by any time.""Oh, okay." Bucky found himself nodding. "Thank you, sir."Another chuckle in Bucky's ear. "I haven't done anything yet," he pointed out. "Give my best to Romanov, okay?""Sure," Bucky said, as the line went dead. Bucky looked at his phone screen to make sure the call was indeed over then he let out a long, hard sigh. He was sweating all over and his heart was pounding.But he hadn't been told no.Now he just had to go down to this gym tomorrow, hopefully dodge the debt collectors along the way, and try convince this Rogers to lend him the money.  ~~  The gym was a little terrifying, Bucky found, when he went down there during his lunch break the next day.Regular gyms were scary enough, and Bucky had usually avoided those too, but this place was something else. It felt old, walki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Age Difference
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Loan Shark Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Mob
Mob Boss Steve Rogers
Irish Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Boxing
Boxer Steve Rogers
Twink Bucky Barnes
Shy Bucky Barnes
Nerd Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Anxiety
Repaying Debt
Money
Coercion
Sexual Coercion
Debt
Daddy Kink
Sugar Daddy
Sugar Daddy Steve Rogers
Sugar Baby Bucky Barnes
Flirting
Awkward Flirting
Fluff
Power Dynamics
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Implied Bottom Bucky Barnes
Implied Sexual Content
Light Angst
Humor
Happy Ending
Bearded Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Slow Burn
Suspense
Organized Crime
Crime Drama
Crimes & Criminals
romantic suspense
Silver Fox Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

