Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Even though Charles loathed people using "I must have a genetic predisposition for X, Y, or Z" as an excuse for personal shortcomings and peccadillos – he was a professor at Columbia and a well-respected researcher in the field, he couldn't not get riled about scientific inaccuracy – he suspected the Xavier family had a strong expression of the gene responsible for squirreling away every random object that came across their paths. Or, rather, his sister Raven – adopted sister, Charles should clarify – suspected this, and Charles, in the face of overwhelming evidence, had to agree.His great-great-great grandfather, who had built the ancestral home, had loaded it down with European art. Great-great Grandfather Xavier had introduced his menagerie of taxidermied animal specimens, some captured on safari, some on scientific expeditions, and others – according to legend – pilfered from the Natural History Museum in London. By Charles's day, they'd become mangy enough to be moved to a very, very distant attic. Great-grandpère Xavier had amassed a collection of certain objects Charles hadn't been allowed to see until he'd turned eighteen, and that one time had been more than enough. Ma-mère had owned a legion of cats; Charles's first memories of the mansion, before his father had inherited, were fuzzy, punctuated here and there by sharp stabs of pain and bouts of sneezing.Charles's father, a researcher himself, had collected old medical instruments, the sort that looked more like torture devices than anything meant to save a life. Raven, despite the relationship she'd had with her adopted parent, had been drawn to the grisly arrangement of steel forceps, extractors, syringes, clamps, and amputation saws. It explained many things about her, Charles thought.And as for himself… "You should be glad I collect only books," Charles told her, whenever he came home from the bookstore or an estate sale. "At least it's not nineteenth-century enema apparatuses, or whatever.""At least you can talk about nineteenth-century enema apparatuses with people," Raven would say. By people she usually meant her friends, all of whom were younger than Charles could ever remember being, and none of whom were capable of appreciating the sublime happiness of finding an overlooked author, or a diamond in the rough first edition in someone's bargain bin."I don't know what the fuss is about buying old things only to clutter up your house," Charles would say, to illustrate how he had more in common with Raven than his somewhat unstable ancestors. This required him to ignore the ten stacks of books waiting to be catalogued, and the twenty stacks he'd not yet read, but Charles was quite good at ignoring things he preferred not to acknowledge. "Honestly, enema apparatuses, stuffed dodos, or otherwise, it's all rather silly."*   *   *For Charles, the first few days of summer break usually meant an uncomfortable hiatus after running the gauntlet of finals, several days of loose ends and restlessness before hitting his research stride. This year, it meant a month (a vacation, Raven insisted, look on the bright side), with his lab building shut for upgrades, and something about proper ventilation to prevent explosions. Hank – research assistant, brilliant young man, reminded Charles of himself in many ways – had gone morose and silent when told how long their lab would be closed, and somewhat pitifully asked if there was anything he could do. Charles knew how he felt, and vented his frustration by being unable to concentrate on the literature for the next round of experiments and staring moodily out the window at the garden."Honestly!" Raven barked after five days of Charles milling aimlessly around the house. It was a big house, and purely by coincidence Charles had done most of his aimless milling in Raven's presence. "Honestly," Raven said again, "I know you love my company, but I need to get some writing done, and you need to get in the car and go somewhere else. Go somewhere else before I kill you."Charles went. Raven's one concession to unrestrained bookbuying was true crime books, and by this point, she could probably plan and execute the perfect murder herself. With, Charles thought unhappily, an antique enema apparatus.Going somewhere in the middle of a Saturday afternoon meant going into town and joining the throngs of rich, bored people who had come up to North Salem to count their money and the tourists who had come to gawk. Charles quite liked people, although usually not en masse, and certainly not when they came in slow-moving shoals that stopped dead on the sidewalk to gawk at something in a shop window or hold conversations on their cell phones. He endured the crowds long enough to nip into his favorite bookstore and buy one or two things (or four; one of them was on Jack the Ripper, as atonement for driving Raven around the bend), and then into a coffee shop.Life, Charles told himself, when it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Charles is a professor in every universe
Raven has a writing group
Erik has Issues
completely and totally implausible!
not quite what it says on the tin

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

