Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Lean On MeFor as long as Raven can remember, Charles has been sad. He's not obvious about it, he doesn't roam around weeping all the time, but there is a quiet sort of nostalgia about him. Hank, the oldest in their little group of misfit toys (something picked up from her first viewing of Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer at age 6 and never forgotten), says that it wasn’t always this way.He says that they used to be a much bigger family, with two more brothers and another sister.  He can't remember much, a couple of vague memories. He tells her that Charles used to dance with Raven and a dark haired girl in turns, and that another, taller man would put Hank on his shoulders."Don't be silly!" An 8 year old Raven had laughed when she first heard the story. "Charles can't dance.""He could then." 10 year old Hank had replied somberly. It had been the first time that Raven had ever thought of the wheelchair as something that happened, rather than something that was. For as long as she could remember, Charles had been in his wheelchair. If she had thought about it, she may have guessed he was born with it.It was a somber thought for an 8 year old. If it could happen to Charles, it could happen to anyone. It could happen to her!"Is that why he's sad sometimes? Does he miss climbing trees?" Raven loved to climb trees. The thought that it might be taken away from her made her sad too.Hank had been thoughtful. Hank was almost always thoughtful, so Raven had waited patiently for him to answer. In her mind, Hank was the bestest big brother ever and the smartest person she knew, after Charles."I think it's that he misses the others. We had two more brothers, and a sister and another Dad.”"I'd like to have a sister." Raven had sighed. They didn’t talk about it much, after that.--Raven is a bit worried about their first trip to camp. She doesn't want to leave Charles alone even for the 6 week trip. It's in the moments when the house is quiet or when he thinks he's alone that he gets that sad, lonely look again. When they see it, they do something to cheer him up, Raven will do one of her imitations or Hank will start talking about science or Sean will talk about his television shows until Charles is smiling and laughing again."I'll be fine." Charles had said, when she voiced her concern. "Thank you for thinking of me, but I want you to have this. All children should go to camp. It'll be a nice, normal experience for you."Raven snorts, because nothing their family ever does is normal. Misfit toys was not an inappropriate name for them.Charles smiles like he knows what she's thinking. He does that a lot. She hates it when he does that. "Look after your brothers.""Don't I always? Misfit toys forever, remember?""That's my girl."--Camp is almost exactly what Hank had expected. He may or may not have watched as many 'camp movies' as he could over the past two months in preparation. He'll admit to nothing. Charles had sent them all to a camp almost 1000 miles away, saying only that an old friend worked there. Raven, Hank and Sean had spent a good portion of their trip talking excitedly about what it might be like, their predictions getting more and more ludicrous as the trip wore on.There was a large wooden sign by the entrance that read 'Aestas Adventure Camp.' Hank had originally voted on a science camp but Raven and Sean had shouted him down. They have the airport driver drop them off just inside the gates, not wanting to call unnecessary attention to themselves- the sleek black design of the limo a far cry from the family jeeps and brightly painted buses that were coming in behind them.They get their bags from the trunk before the driver can do it for them and Hank takes Sean's duffel in addition to his own rolling case while Raven hefts her bag over one shoulder and they set off into the fray together.It's chaos. There are people everywhere, hugging and yelling, reuniting with friends from previous years or saying goodbye to parents. It's easy to tell the experienced campers with their easy confidence from the shy newcomers who huddle near the cars or linger by the luggage piles.Their years of neatly organized and rigidly structured private schooling had not prepared them for this and for a moment they had to just stop and marvel before Hank takes a deep breath and heads towards a women with a clipboard standing in the very center of the chaos.It's awkward trying to fight his way through the sea of people, dragging his own bag with Sean's over one shoulder, so when a little red-head rushes past him, intent on nothing but the friend she's trying to reach, Hank is knocked off balance. He staggers for a moment and Sean's bag hits someone in the back of the head."Hey!" they yell angrily and Hank is about to start apologizing when he meets blazing blue eyes and falls momentarily silent, tongue tied. The blue eyes are glaring at him from a boy with bright blond hair and a scowl. "Watch where you're going, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

