Work Text:
Steve didn’t want to go to Starks party. The guy was rich and handsome and Steve was neither – he’d been waiting for the second wave of puberty to take him past the 5’4 mark and now at 25 he was pretty sure he was stuck – he didn’t particularly want to be reminded of his inadequacies.The thing was though, that Peggy had wanted to go – and Steve knew that if she asked, he’d end up going. Of course, she’d asked.“I just don’t want to have to dodge Brock all night.” She told him as he sat on the edge of her bed and watched her plan her outfit. “He just isn’t taking no for an answer.”Steve wanted to say something like “You shouldn’t have dated him then.” But that would have been cruel, Peggy hadn’t known he was a total asshole when she’d agreed to go out with him – he was polite and charming and Steve’s warnings about his true behaviour were pushed aside. He knew that Peggy had thought he was jealous. Not of dating Brock, but what Brock was. Tall, muscular, masculine. Everything Steve wasn’t. So she’d gone out with him and discovered on her own that he was, in fact, the giant douchebag Steve warned her about.“I understand.” He said instead. “So you want me to go with you?” The whole idea was laughable. Like Brock Rumlow would honestly think that Steve Rogers was dating a girl like Peggy Carter – that a girl like Peggy would ever date a shrimp like Steve. The whole thing was hilarious. Steve wasn’t going to be the ‘protection’ from Brock, he was going to be the laughing stock. It was, however, quite nice that Peggy didn’t see that.“Yes.” She smiled, “It’s perfect, you can be my date and Brock will see that I’ve moved on from him.” She pulled a dress from her closet and held it up to her body. “You’re a good man, Steve. I know you don’t want to go.”“I’d do anything for you, Peg.” He told her, honesty in every word. “Fuck off, Nat.” Bucky snapped, sitting on the edge of her bed as she picked her outfit out. “No chance.”He wasn’t going to get roped into this stupid ass plan to make some loser guy jealous – he was done being used as a prop for other peoples agendas.“It’s just one party.” She told him, completely ignoring his pointed refusal. “Four hours, max.” She glared at him over her shoulder. “And I very clearly remember that you owe me.”“I don’t fucking care,” Bucky shot back. “I’m not going to some rich assholes party so you can ditch me the second what’s-his-name with the arms shows up.” He glared. “I don’t even know this Stark guy.”Natasha didn’t even bat an eye. “You can wear the black jeans and the black shirt, roll up the sleeves.” She turned to face him. “I will fight you on this.” Peggy picked Steve’s outfit, mostly so they wouldn’t clash. His navy jeans looked far too casual for his liking, but she’d picked a white shirt and a red jacket that matched her tight red dress, and a pair of high navy heels. She always looked stunning, her matte red lips and perfectly styled hair. She loved the looks of the girls in the 40’s and had spent a long time matching their style. Steve could watch her do her make-up for hours. Her job as an interior decorator had thrown her into a sudden but close friendship with Tony Stark’s long term girlfriend Pepper when she’d been asked to design a look for the private areas of Stark Tower.Steve, of course, had never met either Tony or Pepper, but he’d be Peggy’s plus one, and that would get him into the most exclusive party in New York.His job as an illustrator kept him fairly busy – he’d been working with a Swedish writer for the better part of three years, and his books were only just starting to get translated into English now. Thor’s books were educational and fun, about a troublemaking set of brothers with magical powers. They were based on the theologies of Norse Gods and Steve loved drawing the illustrations for them. He sometimes drew the covers for romance novels too – much to the amusement of his best friend Sam, when he’d show up with a couple of beers and a pizza to find Steve carefully shading in the ripped bodice of some swooning damsel.“Don’t look so nervous!” Peggy smiled, lips red and teeth white. “You look really smart, very dashing.” Her English accent made her sound much more refined than any of the other girls Steve knew – not that he knew many.“I just don’t think that… you know… it’s not my scene.” He managed. Patting his jacket down, he ran through the list of things he needed to keep on him: Wallet, inhaler, epi-pen, ID. He always got ID’d – no matter where he went, he doubted that this would be an exception – Peggy had mentioned a bar.“Steve, you’re an excellent man who has a wonderful, interesting career. You need to stop selling yourself short all the time.” She admonished softly, before the cab pulled to a stop at the newly built Stark Tower. “You’ll have a good time if you just let yourself.” “This is bullshit, Nat.” Bucky grumbled as the cab pulled up at the tower. Natasha was the head of Stark’s security firm and was always at these event
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
fake dates
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

