Chapter 1





Chapter Text

New York, 2012The Battle of New York

This wasn’t the first time Clint Barton had landed somewhere painfully. Heights came with falls. But this was the first time he seriously wondered if he’d broken his back. And seriously wished he carried a quiver made of some material not so particularly painful to lay on.
It took him a couple of minutes to be sure he could both breathe and feel his legs before he rolled over to sit up. There was glass everywhere, and his arms looked like he’d wrestled a porcupine. The fall had knocked his earpiece out and it took him a moment to find it in the debris. On it, they were talking about an inbound nuke that had been fired at Manhattan.
This was it, then. This was what he had done. He supposed it was only fitting he die in it. Today’s death toll was already far beyond what he could stomach. At least he wouldn’t have to live with it being seven million. 
He went to the shattered window he’d come in through. He looked down at the wrecked street below. Stark and the missile flew down the street right past him, and up into the portal.
There would be no mushroom cloud then. No massacre. No blinding annihilation. No absolution, either. The Chitauri began falling off buildings, collapsing in the streets below. Whatever Stark had done, it had flipped them off like a switch. For a moment, he stared, stunned. Then Natasha closed the portal, and it was over. They had won.
For a long time he stood there, peering over the ledge. He’d never been bothered by heights—usually he rather liked them. The solitude, the distance. But now the long drop seemed to open up before him, wanting to pull him down. Daring him to just step off.
The simplicity of it tempted him. No guilt. No explanations. No having face the people he worked with. No cell or psych ward or whatever awaited him back at SHIELD. In the darker places his mind had wandered today—when it had a moment—was the thought that there would be a public trial for terrorism and a syringe of potassium chloride someday soon. SHIELD could hide his involvement, or they could throw him under the bus. Whatever they did would be in their own best interest. 
Maybe dying in the battle would make it that much neater. 
Of course, the battle was over, so all that was left was to jump like a coward. Nobody would believe he fell. He was fucking Hawkeye.
“Barton, you still alive?” Nat’s voice in his ear snapped him out of his strange vertigo trance. She sounded half worried and half annoyed. Probably annoyed she was experiencing unwanted emotions like worry.
“Alive. Nothing broken.” Not true. Probably at least two ribs. But that was for later. “Out of arrows and about forty floors up some random building across the street.” He squinted up at the tower, and watched her come to the very edge. She waved when she saw him. “You?”
“Closed the portal. Saved the world. Y’know. Loki’s a couple floors down from me embedded in Stark’s floor. You wanna come over here so we can kill him?”
He could already hear Thor and Steve protesting killing him over the comm line. Clint didn’t care, because she’d just reminded him there had been good done today. There were emotions other than guilt to feel. And the siren song of the abyss had nothing on hers.
*

Monte Carlo, 2007

Spying was often very unglamorous work. Unlike the movies, there was more sitting around in gross motel rooms than there was visiting a high-end casino and drinking martinis. This would be her very first visit to Monaco, actually. She didn't know anything about the mission—usually she was briefed in the air, but they were on a commercial flight this time. Barton was across the aisle from her, silent and still in that way of his. He dressed mostly in black, and she'd teased him about not owning any other colors. Today's t-shirt was gray. It wasn't much of a color variance, but she got the sense he'd worn it for her.
Covers usually started in the air, so she hadn't made any attempt to talk to him. She presumed he had some idea what they were doing here. She doubted SHIELD was sending them on an all expenses paid vacation.
At her old job the secrecy probably would have meant she was the target. She was almost convinced that SHIELD didn't play that way. Didn't mean she wouldn't be making an exit strategy when they landed.
The plane touched down right on time, and as Barton stood up to get his bag out of the overhead, he dropped a napkin on her lap. She opened it and read, in his terrible chicken scratch, Baggage Claim. Driver for "McCarthy". When she looked up he'd vanished up the aisle.
She gathered up her little rolly bag and strode off the plane, heels clicking on the linoleum floor of the airport. Everything about her said 'woman on a business trip.' From her spike heels to the pearls in her ears. She scanned her surroundings with practiced indifference, spotting exit paths and potential weapons the entire way to baggage claim.
There was someone in a driver's uniform holding a M
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Non-Linear Narrative
POV Alternating
Porn With Plot
Angst
Shameless Smut
Developing Relationship
Denial of Feelings
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Friends With Benefits
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Post-Movie(s)

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

