Chapter 1



Summary:


“Where are the people?” resumed the little prince at last. “It’s a little lonely in the desert…”
“It is lonely when you’re among people, too,” said the snake.






Chapter Text

He wondered if these walls had always been so pristinely white. Had Odin’s father, or Odin’s father’s father before him, decided to hide those souls that marred a stain on Asgard by covering the darkest of its corners in pure white stone? Had they made the pristine blank canvas of its dungeon free of any discernible patterns so that even those imprisoned within its deepest bowels were forced to endure the brightness of the realm?It was dull, really. Dull and dismal, and oh so terribly bright; bright enough to hurt his eyes when he woke, as though he’d fallen asleep under the suns of Muspelheim.His mothe—Frigga had visited, had been kind enough to have books delivered to his cell, but after the better part of a year Loki knew he’d succumb to the madness he saw around him eventually.Within his first week, one of the other prisoners in the cell across from him had attacked and eaten one of his cellmates, whilst his fellow captives and captors alike had jeered him on.And who wouldn’t? The bright red of the prisoner’s death was the only color Loki had seen so vividly in months, as it splashed in almost crimson waves, like paint splattered upon a perfectly prepared canvas. It was beautiful, in a way that something deadly is beautiful. One knows just to look, not touch. The red against the stark white walls was bright, brighter even than the color he saw behind his eyelids, bright and warm and welcoming, as he had imagined it would be.The color red held so much promise.If he were to be honest though, even for a moment, it wasn’t as if he craved the darkness anyway, not ever again. At least when he woke surrounded by the eternally bright walls, he knew where he was.“Good afternoon, my Prince,” a guard taunted as he passed.Loki exhaled a carefully measured breath and turned to pace again in front of the golden screen. So it was afternoon, but of what day or how many months, he didn’t know. He’d tried in the beginning to keep track of his sleeps, of when he closed his eyes and woke again, but he slept so poorly and so little that he couldn’t imagine how that could measure time any longer.Who would have thought that of all things that the shining city of Asgard might share in common with the black tortures devised by The Other and Thanos, it would be the complete lack of a measure of time that had become the only constant in Loki’s long life? Endless days, days and days of daytime, days of bright white lights and never dark, never nightfall, never a view of stars, never changing.At least when Frigga visited, Loki could ask after what day it was. Ask how long he’d been wrapped inside the gilded cage of Asgard, wearing slippers and reliant upon whatever scraps of generosity the Queen bestowed upon him.The wall slid away in one corner and a battered tray scraped across the floor.  “Your meal, my prince,” the guard’s mocking voice echoed across the marble walls.He let his hand pass carefully over the tray, his seidr reaching out and letting him feel the vibrations from the morsels. There, Loki scowled. He cradled his hand against his chest as though he’d burned his fingers. In the bread, something felt tainted, more rotten inside than Loki himself.He removed the bread and carried the rest to a small table in the corner of his cell. It was meager for an Aesir, but sufficient enough for Loki. He’d never needed the same sustenance as Thor.He let his lips curl into a bitter smile, his back towards the guards where no one could see the mad look that floated across his eyes. He was a fool for not questioning it earlier; his supposed parents, the golden king and queen of Asgard, their eldest son, a pale blond behemoth, and he, the skinny dark-haired child, tormented for his magical talents. A fool for believing he was kin.After eating, he sat down on the bed and rested his elbows on his knees. A wave of exhaustion enveloped his thin frame, and for a moment Loki worried he’d missed another draught of poison in his food. The exhaustion lingered without turning his stomach this time, however. He looked at his pillow, a mere few feet from where he rested; the distance seemed immeasurable.If he were to sleep another four thousand years, it wouldn’t be long enough to remove the memories of his time with The Other; memories he saw when he closed his eyes, even in the pure white walls of his cell. That is, until the new visions bled through, until Loki stood on the pathways between fates, staring at the vivid colors of the tapestry of his life, down avenues and choices that he never made.She had said to him: “Please, don’t make this worse.”She had punished Loki too, in a way that only a mother could. (Not that he would ever admit it, he grimaced, and she wasn’t his mother. She just wasn’t.) When he closed his eyes, the invisible strands o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Suicidal Thoughts
Loki-centric
Loki Angst
Loki Needs a Hug
Frigga Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tissue Warning
Sorry Not Sorry
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Odin's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

