Chapter 1: Steve
    


Notes:
((Chapters 1 through 37 are getting re-uploaded after an accidental deletion. Sincere apologies to anyone who'd bookmarked, linked, or otherwise connected to the original version.))




Chapter Text
Bucky's gotten up from the couch to grab some snacks when Natasha comes in - without explanation she commandeers Bucky, waiting just long enough for him to get the bowl of grapes together before leading him out to the patio and shutting the doors. They settle outside by the pool somewhere out of Steve's eye line, and it's only because of his enhanced hearing that he can hear traces of animated talking in Russian. Steve's cheeks turn pink and he focuses his attention on finding a new channel to settle on."Steven Rogers," someone says from the doorway, and of course it's Sam. Steve looks over his shoulder and witnesses the biggest, most shit-eating grin he has possibly ever seen in his life. Steve cringes a little, pleased but self-conscious."Did Clint send out a mass text or something?""It's a giant futuristic robot Tower filled with spies." Sam shrugs. "Don't ask how people know stuff. Just assume they know stuff." He vaults over the back of the couch and lands next to Steve, crossing his arms and laying back as if ready to listen to a long and epic tale."Well, I'm sure the robots and spies gave you more than enough details, so I don't need to fill you in on anything." Steve makes a smooth retreat to the kitchen, picking out some more fruit for another smoothie. Sam throws a well-aimed couch cushion at him from the common area. "Hey, not the back. I was shot there, you know.""There's a joke there," Sam says, and when Steve around to give him a dirty look Sam breaks out in laughter. "I'm just kidding, man, you don't have to talk about all that. Just let me know it went okay."Steve nods, calculating a moment, and then lets himself smile a little. "It... it went okay.""And it's still going okay?""It's very okay so far.""Alright." Sam smiles brightly, turning his attention back to the television long enough for Steve to pick the cushion up and throw it at Sam's head.Bucky and Natasha come back inside. Bucky stops halfway to the couch, spotting the flipped-over whiteboard and the messy scrawl that fills it, squinting. "What the hell is all that?"**"It's weird," Bucky says, when they're making lunch."That we can tell everyone?""It feels like we're announcing we've been robbing banks or something.""I agree, it's a little surreal. That sandwich is too tall to ever fit in your mouth, Bucky.""We'll see about that." Bucky's tongue swipes over his lips, making a show of it, as he adds another layer of turkey. "Seriously, though, it's - it's really strange."Steve hums agreement. "I never imagined a world where you'd - where you'd be interested in me, let alone one where we wouldn't have to hide it.""Well, not from our friends at least."The idea of coming out to the world floors Steve for a moment, and he forces himself to focus on finishing making his meal before having some kind of unnecessary panic attack. Later, he tells himself. He can deal with such an idea much, much, much later."Natasha gave me a bunch of stuff."Steve blinks. "Stuff?""I don't know." Bucky says. "She gave me a wrapped up box. It rattled like it had a bunch of things... do people give presents now when their friends get into relationships?""I have a feeling this is a Natasha-exclusive behavior.""Don't say it like that. Nat's good. I can talk to her about... aw, shit.""What?" Steve follows after Bucky as he retreats to the dining table, setting his over-sized sandwich down and putting his head in his hands. "Bucky, what's wrong?"Bucky laughs hollowly. "I just remembered I got a teleconference today. That's gonna... be weird.""I'm sure you'll be fine." Steve goes back to the kitchen to retrieve his own plate and both their drinks. "Hey, I bet ... if you're talking about relationship stuff, awkward as that may be, that'll probably take the whole hour." Meaning you won't have to talk about Hydra, he doesn't say, but the meaning is clear. Bucky brightens so instantly and so intensely it's actually a little heartbreaking.**Peter's a little awkward during training a few hours later. His attention lingers on Steve when he walks in, and his preoccupation is obvious when he needs Bucky to repeat instructions on the sequence of movements. The others don't seem to notice, or maybe they aren't concerned by it. Tony is using his tablet to remotely tell the large, five-by-five panels on top of the gym mats when to vibrate and shake. When one of them pistons up and launches Peter a few feet in the air, Peter throws a cord of webbing up to the ceiling, but it doesn't stick - Tony giggles to himself. Bruce whacks him half-heartedly on the shoulder."You never said you'd start using it without telling him first," Bruce is mildly concerned until he sees Peter abandon the attempt to web to safety, dropping into a roll instead and falling about f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Janet Van Dyne/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
PTSD
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Food Issues
Boundary Issues
Mental Health Issues
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Panic Attacks
Smut
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Sex Toys
Oral Sex
Rough Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Janet Van Dyne/Sam Wilson

