Chapter 1: Back in Black
    




Chapter Text
They're all sitting in the Compound's conference room when Steve says, "We've been hunting Thanos for three weeks now through face scans and satellites, so far we have got nothing. Tony, you fought him..."Tony responds, "What are you talking about? I didn't fight him. No, he wiped my face with a planet while the wizard gave away the stone. That's what happened, there's no fight...""Okay, did he give you any clues, any coordinates?"Tony can't believe Rogers just asked him that question. What did he think, that Thanos just rattled off where he was going as he beat the hell out of Tony? He doesn't mention his incredulity, though. Instead, he finds himself saying, "I saw this coming a few years back, I had a vision, but I didn't want to believe it. Now it's true.""Tony, I'm going to need you to focus..."And now Tony is boiling with rage. "I needed you, as in past tense. That trumps what you need. It's too late, buddy. Sorry. You know what I need? You know what I need? I need a shave. I don't believe I ever remember telling you this..."Rhodey tries to calm him, "Tony, Tony..."Tony doesn't pay attention, though, not with his anger boiling as it is now, "What we needed was a suit of armor around the world! Remember that? Whether it impacted our precious freedoms or not, that's what we needed!""Well, that didn't work out, did it?" Rogers asks in his Captain-America-Knows-Better-Than-You voice.Tony ignores him. "I said we would lose. You said, "We will do that together too." Guess what, Cap? We lost, and you weren't there. But that's what we do, right? Our best work after the fact? We're the Avengers, not the Prevengers, right?" Rhodey's worry drowns him as he says, "Okay, you made your point, just sit down, okay?""No, no, here's my biggest point, he said..."Rhodey tries for pragmatism, saying, "Just sit down, okay? We need you. You're new blood."Tony snarls at that, "Bunch of tired old wheels! I got nothing for you, Cap! I've got no coordinates, no clues, no strategies, no options! Zero, zip, nada. No trust - liar." What he wouldn't give to go back in time about now. He didn't have these problems until Afghanistan, and looking back, he'd have done a lot of things differently after it. The thing is, he just doesn't know how to fix things now. He fumbles for the ARC Reactor and pulls it out, "Here, take this. You'll find him, if you do put that on. You hide -" the world goes black. Peace at last.It doesn't stick, of course.He wakes up to Yinsen operating on him in the desert. Tony knows he's not dead because of that. After all, if Hell is a repetition of his worst memory, surely the cosmic rulers of the universe would know that watching Pete fade to dust was the worst moment of his life, that Obie's betrayal is second, and Rogers' is third. Surely they know that open-heart surgery without painkillers somehow only barely scrapes his top ten worst moments, right? So, no, he's not dead. He's not sure how he's here, but he's not dead. And not dead is generally a good place to be. There's almost always the hope for improvement as long as the "not" stays in place. That doesn't mean Tony is looking forward to waterboarding, though.Yinsen tells him, "We met once before, but I doubt you remember me.""Ho Yinsen, Bern 2000," Tony says, then admits only a touch apologetically, "I wasn't exactly polite." But, damn, life had been simpler then.Yinsen looks (impressed? confused? stunned?) at Tony and says, "If I had been as drunk as you, I couldn't have stood up, much less given a lecture on integrated circuits. I certainly would not be able to remember someone's name who I only met once."Tony shrugs but doesn't comment.In one lifetime, Tony had dedicated himself to peace after Afghanistan. He had stopped making weapons, had went so far as to buy them back. And where had it gotten him? He had recieved less respect with each passing day, and he had less of his political clout as well. After all, even a billionaire can only buy so much. And, you know what, Tony could have lived with that, if half the universe wasn't turned to dust. But it was.So Tony is going to get himself out of this cave, and he's going to do his best to save Yinsen. But whether the doctor lives or dies, Tony isn't going to drop everything for the man's ill-thought wish. No, world peace is a lovely wish, but all the clean energy in the world won't help when an alien army decides to wipe out half the planet.It still takes three months, mostly because Tony is afraid of escaping and dying of exposure because Rhodey wasn't nearby looking for him. This time, however, the ARC Reactor and the suit are built better (even though Tony cannot wait for time in his lab with proper materials). This time, he builds a shield for Yinsen. This time, the doctor doesn't die. This time, Tony drags the suit behind him after escaping, so Obie Stane Obie can't find it. He still feels relief at seeing those Air Force choppers, even though he kn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
More characters to be added
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Not A Fix-It
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Steve Friendly
not SHIELD friendly
Extremis
Extremis Tony Stark
Extremis Pepper Potts
Merchant of Death Tony Stark
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Post-snap
Pre-Reversal
Villains to Heroes
or at least that's the plan

fandom: 
None
