Chapter 1



Notes:
I hope you guys enjoy my new story! I’ve never done a Harley/Peter fanfic before but here it is!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
  Harley’s POV  “So, Happy. What type of name is that?” I asked Tony’s driver. Of course, Tony had him come pick me up from the airport because the only thing Tony will willingly drive is the suit. “It’s my name. I swear if Tony takes one more kid under his wing—“ I rolled my eyes at that. Of course I’ve heard of the famous (or infamous) Peter Parker. It’s only brought into the conversations with Tony every single time. “So, what? Parker is super annoying?” I smirked. Happy scoffed.”Thats an understatement.”  We pulled up to the Newly built Avengers compound that was built after the whole Thanos situation 4 months ago. I remember feeling dusty and then darkness and then my sister all grown up and a year older than me, finding me exactly where I was blipped away. I will never forget the look on her face, shocked, tears falling as she screamed for my mom. I was so confused and I asked what happened. They told me I was gone for five years. Five fucking years. Most of my friends were now coming out of college, and my sister was starting her senior year.  I shook the memory from my head as I stepped out of the car. “Come on, kid.” Happy motioned me to follow him. I got my two bags out of the trunk and followed him. We got into the elevator and a woman’s voiced echoed throughout it. I jumped up and Happy just smirked. “Hello, Mr. Hogan. Mr. Keener, Welcome. Boss has been expecting you.” “Bring us up to Tony’s Workspace, FRI.” Happy said. “What is that?” I asked, confused and slightly afraid at the same time. “I am FRIDAY. Mr. Stark’s personal AI. But I have also been built into the Avenger’s Compound to help with everyone’s needs.” The elevator dinged and it opened up to show a huge, but messy, workshop with scrap metal, leftover junk food, and Suits lining up across the walls. On the far left there was Tony messing with a piece of metal seemingly. I turned my head just to get a little better look around and found a focused Cute boy in the back. He had brown curly locks and was messing around with a hologram talking to what seemed to be himself and— wait. Was that a blueprint of Spider-Man’s suit?! “Oh, there you are!” Tony interrupted my thoughts and made his way to me. He had his arm in an arm sling probably because his arm was still healing. I smiled as he pulled me into a hug. I knew it was very rare to earn a hug from Tony Stark so I embraced it. ”Peter! There’s someone I want you to meet!” The brunette in the back snapped his head up for the first time since I came out of the elevator. 
Oh, that’s Peter Parker.
  Peter shyly made his way over and waved his hand. “Hey. I’m P-Peter. Peter Parker.” “So I’ve gathered.” I coldly stated. Peter broke eye contact and brought his hand up to the back of his neck. Tony didn’t seem to register the tension.“So, how was the ride?” Tony asked.”It was okay. I’ve never ridden on a plane until today but I slept for most of it.” I told him. “Well I’ve got to get a few things done here, but Peter can show you to your room and I’ll make sure Pepper is almost done with dinner.” Tony excitedly stated. “If that’s okay with you, Pete?” “Y-yeah.” Peter stuttered a little, he seemed a little out of it but Tony placed a hand on his shoulder and he immediately got out of his trance. “You okay, kid?” Peter looked up at me and then smiled at Tony.  ”I’m fine, Mr. Stark. I just remembered how May said she was going to try something new for dinner.” Peter said and Tony gave him a sympathetic look. “Um, lets go Harley.” Peter said. The elevator shut on us. “Hello, Peter. Are you staying safe?” I gave Peter a weird look and his eyes widened. “Yes, FRI. Um, to the Penthouse floor.” Peter said. “So how does an intern have Tony Stark level Access to the building?” I asked, pointing to the screen that showed Peter’s credentials. “Oh, um. I’m his personal intern.” He said way too quickly. I rolled my eyes and he just stared at the ground, trying so desperately not to make eye contact with me. As the door opened a little girl came running towards us. “Petey!” A little girl exclaimed running towards him as he picked her up with ease. He had this huge grin on his face that made him look even younger than he was. “Hey, Maguna! Oh, you have gotten soooo big!” Peter enthusiastically said. She giggled at that.“You saw me yestaday, siwwy.” He smiled at her and placed a kiss on her forehead. 
Yeah. Just a personal intern. He just called Morgan, Maguna. That nickname is reserved for Tony. 
 ”You wanna come help me show Harley his room?” The Brunette asked Morgan. She nodded. We walked past the spacious kitchen where Pepper was. ”Hey, Mrs. Stark.” “Peter, I have told you. Call me Pepper. Hey Harley.” He shook his head with a grin on his face. We passes down a long hallway just to stop about halfway through
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Precious Peter Parker
Harley Keener Being An Asshole
Everyone Is Alive
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst
Self-Esteem Issues
Slow Burn
Secret Identity
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Drug Use
Identity Reveal
Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Flash Thompson Redemption
Flash Thompson Needs a Hug
Gay Harley Keener

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

