Chapter 1: You Had Me at 'Hello'
    


Notes:
We would like to introduce ourselves as your three authors, Clocks, Clear Liqueur and Afrocurl. The amazing xsilverdreamsx is responsible for all the media coverage that we will be incorporating into the narrative. What began as a prompt in a meme has developed into an action-movie-within-a-romantic-comedy, and will eventually evolve into a fandom-within-a-reality-within-a-fandom and real-person-slash-within-fictional-slash, so if we all start falling into Limbo, please give us a kick. If everything goes according to plan, all the events will be happening in real time. There will also be enough celebrity cameos as we go along to fill a red carpet, numerous pop culture references, and some fandom Easter eggs scattered about. All jibes are made with love. So if you’re ready for this, grab your totems and come on in.Afrocurl - Having found myself being coerced into trying to write this by Clear Liqueur one day, this project is a labor of love that has me laughing more often than not. The rest of the blame falls to Clocks, who started writing this prompt before it was overrun by peer pressure and jokes. The sunshine and lollipops that I find myself wanting after each conversation tell me that this is all going to be perfectly fine. So thank you to both Clear Liqueur and Clocks for being amazing as we navigate a story between three people.I hope that you all enjoy the insanity we’re all capable of writing together, laughing with us and not at us as we go.Clear Liqueur - All my love to Clocks, I could not have asked for a better author to claim my prompt. I would never have written this without you. And also to Afrocurl, for all your invaluable knowledge about the industry, Los Angeles and American history. Thank you both for going along with all my crazy ideas, and if we somehow finish this before we are old and gray it will be all because of the two of you.Clocks - I too will take the easy way out and blame Clear Liqueur for dragging us into this monster of a project (which is actually oh so fun.) I will also blame Afrocurl for being encouraging and egging us on. And now I will plead the fifth.Disclaimer: No celebrities were harmed in the making of this fanfiction. The lines between fiction and reality are blurred, but no events in this story are real and any similarities to real events are strictly coincidental. We make no claims of ownership to the characters in the story or the media outlets that our mock articles are based on.We face hosting issues from time to time so please let us know if any of the pictures are down! Soundtrack: Eels - Fresh Feeling




Chapter Text

Within ten minutes, Erik was quite convinced that Charles Xavier was a complete idiot.

First of all, no one ever, ever made Sebastian Shaw wait, not if they wanted to keep working in Hollywood. But it had already been twenty minutes and there was absolutely no sign of Xavier or that blonde, shrill agent of his who had a habit of flipping her hair and stalking everywhere in knee high fuck-me boots. Erik kept watching the way Shaw made a show of tugging back his sleeve, eyeing his watch, then letting out a discordant sigh of disinterested impatience. It was a magnificent performance, worthy of an Oscar. Still, Erik wasn’t falling for that bored, apathetic expression. Shaw was madder than hell – it was in the tight, clenched set of his jaw - and Erik couldn’t wait for Xavier to come in and get torn a new one by one of the most powerful producers in the industry.

Also, Erik had actually had the misfortune of being forced to sit through some of the idiotic movies Xavier had starred in over the years. They were formulaic and tired: typical romantic comedies with an insipid, flavour-of-the-month actress playing some Type A career woman with no time for love, and Xavier playing several different incarnations of the same floppy-haired, twinkly-eyed British twit who manages to steal her heart away, usually after two hours of bumbling shenanigans. 

But for some reason that Erik couldn’t figure out, audiences seemed to gobble up Xavier with a spoon, particularly when he was cast with Moira MacTaggert, an actress whom Erik grudgingly admitted could at least act her way out of a paper bag. 

Erik checked his own watch this time. Almost half an hour. Beside him, Emma was stabbing at the buttons on her phone, probably asking Xavier’s agent where the hell they were. The screenwriter duo, who looked like kids barely out of college, were slouched in chairs opposite Erik, eyes wide with awe as they stared at him. Erik suspected that the redhead might be a rabid fan from the way he kept gawking at Erik like a zoo animal. Erik was used to being gawked at, but he wished that the redhead would at least close his mouth.

Emma must have sensed his displeasure, for she was leaning over and whispering in his ear, "The two of them may look like kids, but they were nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay last year."

Erik ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe
Movie Stars
Romantic Comedy
What's the Meta?
Acting is HARD
Sex Pollen
Well not exactly sex pollen
But with the amount of sex they have it might as well be
Smitten Erik
Slutty Drunk Charles
Erik is Long-Suffering
Charles Is a Darling
What a Bunch of Saps
Alternate Universe - Actors
Fluff and Smut
Multimedia

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

