Work Text:
“Are you nervous?” Melinda May asks, appearing behind Clint and making him drop his book on his face.“Weren’t you talking secrets in the bedroom?” he asks, removing the book with dignity and tipping his head back over the arm of the couch to look at her.In jeans and a sweatshirt, she’s slightly less intimidating than the first time he met her, when she was a scary, black-clad SHIELD Agent, but only slightly.She shrugs one shoulder.  “Are you nervous?” she repeats.“Nah.” Clint sits up and grins at her.  “It’s only school, right? What’s to be nervous about?” He even copies her shrug thing, hoping she’ll believe him, hoping she doesn’t know how much of a foreign concept only school is to him.“It’s SHIELD Academy,” she says. “That’s a little bigger than school.”“Stop scaring him; it’ll be fine,” Phil says, walking down the tiny stretch of hallway from his and Clint’s bedroom, wiping grease off his hands on an old towel.  Clint doesn’t know what Phil and Melinda brought home from SHIELD Central that he wasn’t allowed to see, but he bets it was cool.“I’m not scared,” Clint lies.  “It’s fine.  They wouldn’t have let me in if they didn’t think I was cut out for it.”It’s what he’s been telling himself since his place at SHIELD’s Operations division was confirmed, but he still can’t help that his voice rises on the end, hoping Phil will agree with him.Because Phil’s awesome, he agrees immediately.  “You’ll be top of all your classes,” he says and gives Melinda a very stern look.“You’ll be the next Peggy Carter,” Melinda agrees flatly, then reaches over and ruffles Clint’s hair.  Clint wishes she wouldn’t do that; he’s eighteen, not two.  “Good luck.”He smiles at her, since she might be a hair-ruffler, but she’s also good people.  “Thanks.”Phil sees her to the door in that super-polite, Phil way of his, then comes and sits next to Clint on the couch.  Clint wants to tip over sideways and make loud, complaining noises into Phil’s lap until the nervous, gnawing feeling in his belly goes away.  But he’s trying hard to be less of a needy mess these days, so he can’t do that.“It’s okay to be nervous, you know,” Phil says, putting his socked feet up on the table and leaning back into the couch cushions.  He looks tired; he always looks tired, which is one of the reasons why Clint decided to join SHIELD.  Phil’s never going to quit, so Clint’s going to help.“I’m not nervous; don’t be dumb,” Clint says.  Phil’s tablet beeps, so Clint picks up his book and stares hard at the page, pretending like his heart isn’t hammering too hard to let him read it.Phil shifts on the sofa, until his shoulder is pressed up against Clint’s.  Clint looks at him sideways, suspicious, but Phil keeps his eyes on his tablet, scrolling down the page like he’s oblivious to everything else.“You’re not subtle,” Clint mumbles.“Yes, I am, that’s literally my job,” Phil says, and presses against him just a little harder.

***
Clint makes himself go to bed early, then lies awake staring at the ceiling anyway, until Phil finishes his reports and comes to bed.“I thought Lucky was in here,” Phil says, when he sees that Clint’s awake and alone.“Yeah, I think he went to sleep in the bathtub,” Clint says.  He doesn’t say that it was his tossing and turning that drove Lucky there, but it’s probably not hard to figure that out.“Hmm,” Phil says, and grabs clean boxers out of the dresser before heading to the bathroom.  He leaves the door open while he pisses and brushes his teeth, and Clint can hear him talking softly to Lucky, though he can’t make out the words.“Good chat?” he asks when Phil comes back, dressed for bed and already yawning.“Just having a heart-to-heart,” Phil says, smiling at him.  “He’s worried about the value of equities in emerging markets, so we discussed that for a while.”“Obviously.” Clint rolls onto his side and watches Phil get into bed.  He doesn’t know why, but even after more than a year together, little things like that give him a ridiculous amount of joy.Once he’s in bed, Phil reaches out and turns off his bedside lamp, plunging them into darkness.  Clint’s eyes never take the amount of time to adjust to the dark that apparently everyone else’s do, so he can easily see when Phil holds out an arm to him.“I’m fine,” Clint says, but slides under Phil’s arm anyway, pressing his face half into Phil’s armpit.  Clint hasn’t grown much taller in the time they’ve known each other, just enough that they’re almost exactly the same height now, but he’s bulked up: gotten wider than Phil in the chest and arms.  But he really likes it when Phil holds him like he’s still underfed and scrawny, and he’s not even a little ashamed of that.“Nick says if it all goes wrong, drop his name and see what happens,” Phil says into Clint’s hair.Clint snorts.  “Right.  That’ll make everyone love me.”“Everyone will love you, anyway,” Phil says, of course.  He always says shit like that.“Terrible line,” Clint says, turning his face up for a kiss. “Lines don’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
SHIELD Academy
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Spoilers
Established Relationship
Comic Book Violence
lots of cameos
Age Difference
But No One's Underage This Time!

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

