Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Odin storms Jotunheim, he intends to take nothing but the source of the frost giants’ power, so that never again would they be able to bring their wars and their terrors to the nine realms. But when he finds the tiny, almost still body of a jotun infant, wrapped in bloody rags and abandoned in a corner, he knows that he would be taking at least one more thing with him when he and his warriors cross the Bifrost.The defeated jotun king watches as Odin gathers his spoils, and his eyes glitter cruelly when he sees the small bundle the Allfather holds close to his chest. “Fitting,” Laufey rasps, “that you should take that with you. Surely the king of Asgard knows how to care for weakling princes.”Odin sucks in a breath at the jotun king’s admission, but not at the slight to his own family. Having been abandoned in the temple, he suspects the frost giant child is the son of someone important. But that he was the son of the king of Jotunheim himself? No, he had not believed that even the jotnar were that cruel.In response, he tucks the child more tightly against his body, wrapping him securely in his cloak. Surely not even the youngest frost giant would be cold on his home world, but this jotun child is unlike any he has ever seen, and he takes no chances. He will not risk the life of an innocent babe—even if it is the son of his enemy—and condemn it to death like the child’s father had.At his command, the Bifrost opens and the forces of Asgard thunder back across the bridge, to bring word of their victory and deeds. As the warriors feast and drink to celebrate, Odin Allfather stands in his rooms, his queen, Frigga, by his side, and places the tiny jotun babe in the cradle beside his own infant son. The difference between the two is startling. Thor is all pink skin, chubby limbs and happy, laughing face. Golden hair curls atop his head and his bright, blue eyes look with keen interest at his cradle-mate as his arms and legs flail with barely contained energy.In contrast, the jotun infant, whom Odin has decided to name Loki, has skin of a deep, dark blue. Silky black hair crowns his head and his red eyes seem more like dull chips of jasper than sparkling rubies. Loki is thin, too thin for a babe, and Odin wonders how long he lay on the temple floor. He is also silent and listless, beset by a lethargy that Odin can only hope will dissipate with food, time and affection.As they watch, Thor rolls himself over to get a better look at Loki, and Odin cannot hide his smile. So young, and yet his son is already so strong. It bodes well for the future.Thos reaches out, and by chance, one of his tiny hands lands and rests one of Loki’s equally tiny cheeks. Both Odin and Frigga gasp as Thor’s hand leaves a mark—startling pale—and it spreads, like milk spilled across a dark floor. The blue of Loki’s skin is chased away by the familiar tint of Aesir skin. Even his eyes change, dull red washed away by oddly bright green.“He looks like one of us,” Frigga whispers, leaning down to stroke a now pale pink cheek.“Aye,” Odin answers. “It may be that the boy has magic, of a sort. We shall have to watch closely.”“You mean to keep him, then?”Hearing the hopeful tone in her words, Odin looks at his wife, his beautiful, kind wife who has enough love in her heart to accept and raise another child alongside their own son.“I cannot claim his as my own,” Odin says quietly. “Too many of my warriors saw me find him, heard Laufey’s words. And I’m not sure I can entrust his care to another. War with Jotunheim has caused our people much suffering, and though it shames me, I know there are those who would see Laufey’s son—innocent though he is—pay the price.“No, Loki is a prince and shall be raised as one with our own son. He shall be a brother to Thor, and though the ties of blood do not bind them, the ties of family shall. And who knows? Perhaps there was a purpose in finding him that even we cannot see. Perhaps the Norns have given him a purpose we cannot yet know.”Frigga’s arms wrap around him. “You are a good man, my love,” she murmurs, pressing her lips against his cheek just above the line of his beard, and in return he lays an arm across her shoulders and kisses the top of her head.And there they stand, watching as their sons slowly drift off to sleep.

~*~
Their sons are four when the king and queen of Asgard must tell them the truth. They had not intended to do it so early, wanting to wait until the boys were older and could accept it more easily, but that was not to be. A warrior, displeased with one of Odin’s rulings, had lashed out, abusing Loki with words, insulting the “little blue monster” that the Allfather has disgraced his halls with.There are distraught tears, and Odin and Frigga comfort their boys, holding them close and assuring them that they love them both, that they are brothers, no matter their heritage.Privately, Odin and Frigga worry. This is not the first time one of their subjects has voi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Other(s)
Thor/Other(s)
Fandral/Loki

freeform: 
Sibling Incest
Norse Mythology - Freeform
Alternate Universe
Punishment
Whipping
Genderswap!Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Other(s)
Thor/Other(s)
Fandral/Loki

