Chapter 1: The Beginning
    


Notes:
PLEASE READ THE TAGS. This may not be a fic for everyone.DEAD DOVE: DO NOT EAT




Chapter Text
It had been three weeks since the fight with the witch.  She caused mischief all over the city, leading many of the Avengers to wonder if the newest member of their group was behind the invasion.  Loki scoffed at the notion.  He had worked with the Avengers for over a year alongside his brother and was insulted at the insinuation that this low class witch was even in his league when it came to magic.Right before Thor lit her up with his lightening, she unleashed a spell on Steve that changed him into a female.  Tony and Clint cackled at the sight of the former Super Soldier now swimming in his uniform.  While Thor meant to subdue the witch, she ended up turning to ashes, leaving Steve stunned as he watched her now disintegrated body float like dust onto the ground.  They all realized the seriousness of her death as the days turned into weeks and there was no reversal of the spell.*Thor, Loki, Tony and Clint sat in the common area at the Tower one evening.  They sipped on various liquors and mead attempting to enjoy a quiet night.  Steve, as he had done since his change, stayed mostly in his suite.  The others figured the embarrassment was difficult to overcome.  He rarely interacted with them anymore.“Still nothing, Lokes?”  Tony asked.“Unfortunately, Tony, my answer has not changed.  There is something in the witches’ signature that I cannot decipher.  Each mage has a unique code.  I have attempted to crack it, as you Midguardians say, but alas, I am unable to.”“Well, shit.  Poor Capsicle.”  Tony said with a slight smirk.  He still found it amusing that the once mighty Captain was now a smoking hot 5 ft 6, 110 lbs blond bombshell.“Please, Stark,” Loki added, “By the way you gaze at our dear Captain, you are hardly devastated that he has not reverted to his previous form.”“What?”“Don’t deny it, Iron Man.”  Clint chimed in as he laughed at Loki’s statement.“Fuck off, Barton and fuck you Loki.”  He sat up straighter.  “Like any of you are any different!”“She is a great beauty.”  Thor said.“Be careful with your pronouns, Point Break.  Just because he looks like a chick, doesn’t mean he’s ready to think of himself like one.”Thor defended himself.  “I am simply stating that the Captain is beautiful, although I much appreciated Steve’s form before this change was forced upon him.”  He made a face at Stark who scowled back.“Yeah.  Man or woman, Steve is fucking hot.  I don’t think any of us deny that.”  Clint contributed as he gulped down his beer.Tony was feeling tipsy as he continued to imbibe in his drink.  “Instead of sitting up there all mopey and shit, we could show Steve a good time.”“What?”  Clint said in surprise but once the image was in his head, he could feel his shorts stirring.“Well, of course, we couldn’t do anything if we didn’t ask ol’ Buckaroo first…”The Winter Soldier chose that exact moment to join the men in the common room.  “Ask me what?”  He said as he marched over to the mead and poured himself a healthy dose so he could actually get drunk.“Nothing, man.”  Clint said as he gave Tony a look before taking another drink of his beer.“Well, I don’t think it’s nothing.”  Bucky responded in a serious tone as he surveyed the group.Loki smiled as he said, “They were discussing the wonderful assets of the Captain.”“Jesus, Reindeer Games!”  Tony exclaimed.  “You are such a shit disturber!”  He gave him the finger before turning back to Barnes.  He wasn’t afraid of the Winter Soldier. “Fine, Steve is gorgeous!  Man or woman.”  He shook his head.  “How you never fucked him in all the years you have known him, I have no idea.”The group held their breath as they watched Bucky take a deep long drink of the mead.  His metal arm whorled and he took a seat, leaned back and slowly opened his legs.  His gray blue eyes narrowed as he looked at Stark and the others.  “I’ve wanted to fuck Stevie since 1939.”  He said quietly.  The other men smiled.“Why didn’t you?”  Clint asked.“Lots of reasons.”  Bucky answered. “Back then you could get killed or jailed for men fucking other men.”“It is truly appalling how archaic Miguardian culture is, brother.”  Loki said as he turned to Thor.“Indeed, brother.”  Thor said as he reached for Loki’s hand and stroked it gently.“Wasn’t sure if Stevie would be into it.  Then there was war, and we didn’t get a lot of time together…and then I fell…”“You’ve been back in the land of the living for two years now, James,” Tony said, “Are you too chicken?”Bucky smirked.  “And what about you, Anthony?”  He tilted his head in his direction.  “Didn’t you jack off to posters of Captain America when you were a snot nosed teenage little shit?”“Fuck you!”“Truth hurts, Stark.  I see the way you eye fuck Steve when he walks through in his tight ass workout clothes.”  He chuckled when Tony turned red faced trying to deny it.  “And even more now…”   He paused.  “I see 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Steve Rogers/Others

freeform: 
Gang Rape
Gender or Sex Swap
Magic
Domestic Violence
Forced Feminization
Bondage
Evil Avengers
Not Happy
Dark fic
Explicit Language
Sexual Slavery
Gender Identity
Double Penetration
Daddy Kink
Torture
Hurt Steve Rogers
Triple Penetration
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Psychological Torture
Emotional Manipulation
Enemas
Machines
Suicide Attempt
Painful Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Hurt No Comfort
No Fluff
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Non consensual body modification
Sexism
Watersports
Stockholm Syndrome
Monsters

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Steve Rogers/Others

