Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It all starts off with a interview. Some reporter corners Steve and asks him a few questions. Everything goes to shit when he gets asked about Ultron and what he thought of the investigation. “Oh Stark threw his money at the investigators and made it go away. That’s all he ever does, throw money at things to fix them. We all know Stark made that murder bot,” Steve says with a look of disgust on his face, “He’ll do anything to get more money too.” JARVIS shows Tony the news segment and all the responses to it. People are speaking out against him and calling for another investigation into him. “Of course everyone believes him. He’s Captain America after all. Why would he ever lie about something like this?” Tony rants. “Should I call Ms. Potts?” JARVIS asks Tony nods. “I’m suing for slander,” she says when the call connects, “He has no sort of proof for saying something like that.” “Pep, it’s alright. I’ll talk to him, I’m sure it was just a misunderstanding,” Tony says. “A misunderstanding? People are making threats against you, some people are making death threats. The company is already losing money and companies are withdrawing contracts with us. You spent years gaining those contracts and they’re gone now. People are already protesting and spreading all sorts of terrible things. I’m getting calls from government officials demanding an explanation-” “Pep, breath. Release a statement, I’ll go talk to Steve. Everything will be fine, okay?” Tony cuts in. There’s silence for a second before Pepper says, “Will that be all Mr. Stark?” Tony cracks a smile at their little inside joke, “That’ll be all, Ms. Potts.” After JARVIS hangs up, Tony sits down and sighs, rubbing his face. Despite his reassurances to Pepper, he’s not quite sure this problem can be fixed that easily. “Sir, I put the coffee on for you,” JARVIS says, interrupting his trail of thoughts. “J, you’re the best. What would I do without you?” Tony asks, making his way to the kitchen and pouring himself a cup of coffee. He gulps it all down without waiting for it to cool down and pours himself another cup. “Based on prior observation, likely something stupid,” JARVIS replies. Tony smiles and shakes his head, “How did you learn to get so snarky?” “Observation, sir,” JARVIS says. Tony sighs, but he knows his smile is giving him away. “Hey J, how’s it looking outside?” Tony asks. “I would suggest going a more covert route,” JARVIS replies. Tony goes into his bedroom and changes into an old, worn hoodie and some comfortable sweats, nothing anything would think he would ever wear. He goes into his garage and gets into his car no one knows about (yet) and drives like a normal person. He spends the whole drive to the Compound with a pit of anxiety over someone recognizing him, even though he knows his windows are tinted enough that it’s unlikely that will happen. When he arrives, he turns the car off and takes a few minutes to prepare himself. He didn’t particularly like visiting the compound, it always reminded him of why he took a step back from the Avengers after Ultron. It had become too much for him, even his therapist had agreed with him. After Afghanistan, he realized he needed help and Pepper and Rhodey had helped him find someone. She had helped him get through a lot and she was the only person (besides Rhodey) who knew pretty much everything that happened to him in his life. She had agreed when he had admitted he was tired of the environment in the Avengers was not good for him. Every time he finally started getting better, the nightmares and anxiety and panic attacks lessoning something else would happen and he would be back to square one. He was tired of going through the endless cycle over and over again. That’s why he had decided to take a step back (unless another alien invasion or something of course). He had to admit he was doing better, and people had noticed. But now being back here was bringing up all sorts of memories, thinking JARVIS was gone, Thor strangling him, Steve throwing his shield at him, Wanda’s mind magic… “Sir? My sensors are detecting you are in significant distress,” JARVIS suddenly says. “Oh god,” Tony says realizing he’s shaking and recognizing that’s he’s headed for an anxiety attack. He grabs for his anxiety medicine and opens the bottle with shaking hands. He manages to take one and waits a few minutes for it to take effect. He takes shaky breaths until he feels his heartbeat slow down and his hands stop shaking. “Sir are you okay?” JARVIS asks. “I’m fine J,” he says. Tony takes a minute to compose himself before getting out of the car and walking towards the door. He’s reassured by the fact that JARVIS is on his phone and he can call the suit and it would be here in just a few minutes. Since he doesn’t live at the Compound anymore, the team had told him to disconnect JARVIS from there. They said they weren’t comfortable with an AI constantly watching them after Ultron. He walks inside and m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
even though this is before cw
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Sam friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
BAMF Pepper Potts
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Press and Tabloids
Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
Magic
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Angst
Protective Vision (Marvel)
Headaches & Migraines
Nightmares
Chronic Pain
in the past
Touch-Starved
Platonic Cuddling
Sentient Infinity Stones (Marvel)
Fix-It of Sorts
no team cap is not being redeemed
Mind Manipulation
Evil Wanda Maximoff

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

