Work Text:
Nat is the one to read Clint in, because Nat is the one who stayed up all night with Fury right before a battle to, oh, save the world.  The two of them had used that time to hide as much information as possible about active operatives who were unquestionably SHIELD-loyal, before dumping the rest of it out into the world.  It's the reason Clint's still alive.  It's also the reason that there wasn't much information to be wiped about May and her team.Which, as it turns out, is actually Coulson and his team.  Nat says, "You have to shut up and let me tell you all of this."Clint has very few hard and fast rules in his life, but when Nat tells him to do something, straight and without any hesitation, he listens.  That's rule number four.  She presses her forehead to his and he can't help saying, "You're scaring the shit out of me, Nat.""A few weeks after New York, Fury enacted a protocol called 'TAHITI' that was level eleven sensitive.  It—" her breath catches, " it brought Coulson back to life, but it was nearly a year before all the necessary treatments were concluded.  He…he wasn't told exactly what was done.  Fury set May on him to make sure there were no adverse side effects, and gave him a team and the Bus to keep him out of sight for the most part."For several seconds, Clint is blessedly numb.  He's felt this kind of numbness before, usually in the split-second after being hit by a bullet or cut by a knife.  As such, he's not surprised when what follows is a unique and deadly type of pain.  He pushes it aside the way he pushes aside injuries when a mission has to be completed.  "So.  Uh.  A year, huh?"Her hands come up to grip his arms.  "Fury's going to make him director."Clint laughs.  He can't help himself.  "Of course he is.  Who better to succeed a not-dead man than a not-dead man?""Clint."  Nat's voice is low, urgent.  "It's fine, Nat.  It's…I mean, no, it sucks, but I've had worse."She digs her fingers in.  "I don't believe you.""Jesus, you believed me when I told you SHIELD wouldn't kill you, and you were second on its list of Most Wanteds."She doesn't laugh or even smile.  "Funny, isn't it?"

*
One of the many reasons Clint has told himself he needs to stop being friends with Natasha Romanova over the years is that she is always fucking right.  Oh, he's aware she doesn't know everything.  It's just that she never makes decisions about things or pronouncements until she knows enough to be correct.Fuck knows neither Fury nor Coulson owe him anything.  Clint likes to think he was getting to even with Fury before the whole Loki thing.  Sure, Fury dragged him out of the cesspit he'd made of his life and gave him purpose and cool arrows and a home, but Clint had outperformed expectations and saved Fury's ass more than a few times and brought him the best freelance assassin in the world.Then Clint shot him in the chest.  Granted, it wasn't the head, Clint had managed that much—and fuck, it had hurt, had drained him for the fights that lay ahead—but Clint knows it set him back in the owing department a bit.Coulson, though.  Well, Clint definitely owed Coulson more than the other way around.  If Fury had dragged him in, Coulson had cleaned him up, fed him up, gotten him on his feet and made him the operative he would become.  Clint had lost count of the number of times Coulson saved his life and his sanity over the years, and Clint did not lose count of his debts.So, yes, the owing part of these equations is entirely on his side and there's no reason he should have expected to be told about Coulson's continued existence.  No reason except for how Clint maybe got careless enough to think he might be more important than regulations, stupid enough to imagine himself as more than a tool in a large box of them.He stays at the Tower, because Tony has offered—his direct words had involved getting the band back together and a follow-up album that did not involve insect aliens, but there was an offer under all that—and because there isn't anywhere safer, not now.  Also, the Tower has a gym he can go to at any hour, day or night.  He shadowboxes and runs and drills himself on acrobatics until he nearly vomits from the exertion, but the bright roil of anger he's doing his best to drum up will not answer the call. Instead he finds his eyes drooping, every muscle in his body straining with the pull of gravity.  His surroundings are muted in a way that has nothing to do with his hearing aids.When he was eight, and still in the group home, he'd climbed up to hide on the roof at dusk as many nights as he could sneak away.  The home was in a rural area, and once on the roof, there was nothing for miles but corn and wheat fields, barren in the chill of fall and winter, monotonous in the soft rain of spring and heat of summer.  His world reminds him of those winter-starved fields, empty and with the mockery of a type of infinity.  He recognizes the symptoms of depression.  It was Coulson who caught it after the f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Survival
Canon-Typical Violence
Starvation

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

