Work Text:
Bucky hated the gym. He knew he needed to go – his job as ‘personal security’ meant that he had to be at his best both physically and mentally – but he hated the gym.
Around him there was the usual mix of people, young women in pink who talked as they cycled their way through the entire session, older guys flexing their arms in the mirrors and trying to hit on the girls working out on the mats (never to any success) the older women who walked for miles on the treadmills, and the guys who tried to cram everything in to their routine as quickly as possible, ignoring the health risks.
Bucky hated the gym, but at least he wasn’t letting his hatred colour his ability to work out properly. He’d started with stretches and a brisk jog before alternating between cardio and strength. His headphones were plugged into the phone he had strapped to his arm and let the beat of the old swing bands keep his pace – he wasn’t rushing, he had a precise method and he was sticking to it.
Every morning at 6am he walked into the white and chrome room and every day ay 8am he walked out. His company was popular and they had their regular clients, but that didn’t mean that they were always working. He started the company (Red Room Security) with Natasha Romanov and Clint Barton – two of his best friends. He met Clint in the army – snipers tended to get around, and Bucky and Clint were the best at what they did. Natasha wasn’t even working for the US, but the joint missions with foreign operatives had them crossing paths enough for her to develop a close friendship with both Clint and Bucky, and when they’d gotten out of that life, she’d only been a few months behind them.
Red Room hired a few other people, experts at in their own fields, which made their business grow in the years they’d worked. Anything from event security to missing children, they had someone who knew what they were doing at all times. The only problem was, they were now short a guy.
Brock Rumlow didn’t quite understand what ‘Back the fuck off’ meant when he’d started hitting on Natasha. Or Jemma Simmons. Or Jane Foster. They were all quite capable women who were more than able to handle his brand of harassment, but every single time he said something inappropriate, Bucky saw the clenching of fists around the room. So he’d been ‘let go’ – even though it put a lot of strain on their current contracts. Natasha was adamant that she could look after herself, but the fact that Jane and Jemma (both who were not field trained and kept to the home base) were obviously more comfortable without him around was worth it.
His mind was normally blank when at the gym, all he needed to think about was the beat and the burn – anything else could wait – but with Brock gone, he was left with a hole in his organisation, and it weighed on his mind. Clint and Natasha wanted him to hire someone else, had even given him a shortlist of people they’d worked with before, but Bucky was dragging his heels. He knew everyone he worked with – the exception being Fitz, but Jemma had known him ‘forever’ and basically told them that letting Fitz slip through their fingers would be ‘an idiotic move’.
The list was short. Wade Wilson was on there, and Bucky liked him well enough as a buddy, but the idea of working with him made his palms sweat – the guy was a livewire and completely unpredictable. Grant Ward passed everything but the ‘skeeve’ test (Tash and Jane said he gave off a vibe, so he was out) and he seriously doubted that Logan could be sober long enough for a regular job. The other guys (who he’d hire in a second if the issue wasn’t that they needed muscle, and Parker was a skinny little shit for all he was good at what he did) just weren’t viable.
His head was full of all of this so he wasn’t quite paying as much attention as he normally would to what he was doing, until he glanced over to the machine beside him and saw a literal wall of muscle. He was sweating through his grey tank, the skin of his exposed arms gold and slick with damp – blond hair plastered to his head as he worked the machine with a steady flow. His headphones were plugged into a tiny iPod clipped to his training pants. Bucky couldn’t help but notice they were working out to the same steady rhythm.
There was nothing worse than being checked out at the gym, Bucky fucking hated it – he was there to work out not get laid – but a moment he seriously considered breaking his own rule and saying “Hey.” The guy on the rowing machine though, wasn’t looking anywhere but dead ahead and Bucky respected his determination.
 
He was there the next day too – working on the mat as he cycled through his morning stretches and routine. Bucky was trying not to be a creeper, he really was, but the guy looked all kinds of hot as he worked up a sweat – crunches, lunges, squats, everything with perfect form and steady, solid movements. However, Bucky still had to work out what he was gonna do with the problem at work – especially now th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons

freeform: 
mention of domestic abuse (not detailed)
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
gym buddies
off screen characters
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons

