Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
“What’s going on?” Steve asks, walking into their shared living space in the Wakandan Palace to the rest of the Avengers adamantly watching the large flat screen TV mounted on the wall.   “Just get over here and watch, man,” Clint says from his place sprawled along the back of the couch, head turned to the side to scowl at the screen. In the corner of the room, Nat meets Steve’s gaze to roll her eyes at Clint’s antics. He gives an amused grin in return, plopping into the armchair beside the sofa. Sam throws himself across one of the loveseats, Scott and Wanda already taking up the other one.  Drawing in a sharp breath as their old teammate walks across a platform to stand in front of a podium, Steve leans forward in his chair, elbows resting on his khaki-clad knees.  “We’ve had plenty of these shindigs in the last couple of months, haven’t we?” Tony asks the gaggle of reporters with an obviously—at least, to Steve it’s obvious—fake chuckle. “So let’s go ahead and jump right into it. Today I’m here to tell you that the United States government has managed to convince the United Nations Accords Council, through means I know not, to pardon the Rogue Avengers.”  There’s an uproar from the crowd, each journalist clamoring to talk over the others in order to get all the information there is to be had, to bring the best scoop back to their network. The hand Tony raises to quiet them is shaking and Steve wishes he could be there to hold it in his. Soon enough, he’ll be there soon enough.  “Once they’ve returned, they will be presented with the opportunity of being reinstated in the Avengers Initiative, so long as they-“ Steve tunes him out, zeroing in on the fact that they get to go home. All of them. He can’t wait to show Bucky—as soon as he’s out of the cryo chamber—the gorgeous grounds at the Compound. And of course, the wonders of the future! What better place to illustrate the future than Tony’s lab? The bots, the suits, the heaps of unfinished projects strung across the tables, pushed aside for the moment but never forgotten. He can see Tony there in his mind’s eye, clad in a tank top and jeans that hug his backside quite nicely... Yes, he’s very much looking forward to going back.  Oh, and the comfort of his own bed, where he’ll get to wrap around Tony and breathe him in like he’s been unable to for so long now.  On screen, Tony, in the face of dozens of camera flashes, throws up a haphazard peace sign in a move that reminds Steve of Tony’s old carelessness. “We won’t be taking questions at this time. Thank you.” He steps out from behind the podium and out of the frame.  When they return, Tony will apologize for being petty and admit that Steve is—has always been—right. Everything will go back to the way it should be.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
eventual slash
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Has Issues
i've never studied a law in my life and i'm not starting now
Sokovia Accords
but like amended
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
read the first parts of series before this one

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

