Work Text:
Peter awoke with a jolt, his brain snapping him out of his nightmare before it could impact him too much. Blind panic and an intense need to survey his surroundings coursed through his veins, but his body was still fragile, so his eyes opened slowly, his body stayed still, and he couldn’t find the energy to sit up in his bed. Panicking like this was the worst. It was like all the manic energy was trapped within him, unable to show itself outwardly because he was too weak even for nervous habits like tapping his thigh, or biting his lip.Things slowly came into focus as he tried desperately to keep ahold of fragments of his dream (/flashback), no matter how horrible it was. He had felt pain immeasurable to anything he’d ever felt before… There was fire, and injured superheroes everywhere… He was staring Thanos straight in the face, and then there was nothing. This wasn’t his first time waking up since those events, so he had already had the gaps in his memory filled in on what he’d done the day of the fight that Dr Strange had dubbed Endgame. He’d been the one to snap Thanos and his army away. Somehow, his body didn’t spontaneously combust from that, but he knew it came close. And that was why he was where he was today, weak, frail, half-paralysed and so… unlike the superhero he was supposed to be.Finally his bleary eyes began to focus, and he dragged his line of sight down from the smooth white ceiling above him to scan the room. As he sometimes did, Tony Stark was sat in an armchair in the corner, Starkpad in hand and a contemplative frown on his face. He looked deep in thought, caught up in a workflow that would be usually hard to snap him out of. But that was when Peter’s body decided to let out the strained groan he’d wanted to when he originally woke up, and the rumbling of it hurt his throat. Tony’s eyes flickered up immediately, and he put the Starkpad down gently on the sleek dresser next to where he sat.“Hey underoos.” He said casually before standing up and coming closer to sit by Peter on his bed. Weirdly, he was wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt instead of his usual casual ensemble of oil-stained jeans and a wife beater. “How you feeling this time, hm? That nap was shorter than usual.”Peter wanted to snort at the remark, but there wasn’t enough energy in him to do so. His time spent awake was less than his time spent asleep at that point in his recovery process, but apparently even the few hours he managed to be awake and coherent for were a huge improvement from the coma he’d been in for weeks after the snap. Dr Strange and Dr Cho said something about his body doing things that bodies shouldn’t be able to do because of his metabolism, and that it was taking a huge amount of energy to do that.“Earth to Spider-Kid.” Tony snapped Peter out of whatever was going on in his brain.“Uhh…” Peter licked his dry lips, and decided to ignore tony’s question in favour of his own. “‘m okay. Wha… What day’s it?”Even though his question got a laugh from Tony, Peter was serious. It was hard to keep track when you were asleep at least half of the time.“It’s Wednesday. Ted keeps texting you, by the way.” Peter was about to ask how Tony knew that when the man elaborated, “Unless you have anyone else’s text tone as a lightsaber sound.”A light flush coated Peter’s cheeks at that, and he looked away from Tony, which earned him another laugh from the billionaire. When he glanced back up at the man, worry was back on his face. His eyes were flickering across Peter’s body. His right arm was burnt pretty much to a crisp, charred and black. One of his eyes was slightly cloudy and definitely more slow than the other, as the burns had crept from Peter’s arm to his chest to one side of his face. The rest of the damage was invisible, but he couldn’t feel his legs.“What…” Peter tried to get Tony’s attention again, but started coughing as his dry throat screamed for water. Well, it did get Tony’s attention. He looked alarmed, but after he saw Peter swallow repeatedly, he reached over for a plastic cup of water at Peter’s bedside and helped Peter take a few sips, smiling in a paternal way the whole time. Peter decided to try his question again.“What’re you workin’ on?” He asked after a beat of silence, and Tony’s gentle smile (that Peter thought looked very fatherly compared to the Tony Stark he knew from five years prior) dropped off of his face, replaced by lips pursed in a line.“Ah.. You know we weren’t sure if your arm would make it?” Tony paused, “Well– It’s not gonna make it.”Peter’s world froze for a second, but that fact was hardly his biggest concern. He had kind of felt like that would happen. From the coherent moments he had, he hadn’t noticed any difference in his right arm’s state. And he’d assumed if it was fixable, his healing would have started to get to work by then. Tony noticed the slight sadness on his face, and hurried to continue talking.“But I measured your arm and stuff while you were asleep, and y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Permanent Injury
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Identity Reveal
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Light Angst
Flash Thompson Redemption
Peter did the snap
tony's alive

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

