Chapter 1: The List
    




Chapter Text
Fuck List Mack Daddy“You want me to beat you?” Wade asked incredulously. He had been cleaning and oiling his guns, getting them prepared for his next mission when Peter had suddenly appeared in his bedroom holding his mask in his hands and asking Wade to beat him.Even the voices in Wade’s head were stunned.True Spidey and Wade had been dating for roughly a few months now and Peter had been asking Wade questions about sex (who else would he ask? Nick Fury? Aunt May? Tony Stark?), but this was a different one.“No! Not beat me,” Peter mumbled, fidgeting with his mask. “I mean, I want... I want you to...”“To...?” “Here,” Peter said, pulling several pieces of folded paper out of his suite and shoving them into Wade’s hands before stepping back. Wade looked confused at the papers before he placed his gun onto the table and unfolded the papers, his eyes skimming the contents, his eyebrow rising as he read.“Spidey, where did you—”“There’s a book I like, and they talked about this and I found it on this forum and, and I want to try some of the things.” Peter squeaked as Wade held the page up sceptically.“Babe, this is a ‘yes, no, maybe list’ for BDSM.” Wade said slowly.“So, you don’t want to... do it?” Peter asked, his shoulders slumping. Wade sighed, examine the list. “Well, there’s some stuff on here I’ve done... actually,” Wade flipped through the pages. “I think aside from maybe one or two I’ve done all this.”“You don’t... want to do it with me?” “That’s not it. This list, this is a list a Dom and Sub use that sets boundaries.” Wade explained gently. “Can you give you give up all your control to me?”“Yes.”Wade blinked.Peter was staring at him with fierce determination. “If I need to give up all control, then I will.”“Spidey this isn’t like our usual rough and tumble, or slinky after fight, shower sex.”“I know.”“Spidey—”“I’m not a kid! Wade, I want to do this.” Peter said adamantly.Wade looked back to the list. Admittedly he and Peter wouldn’t have to be master and slave, this list could serve as a, well, a fuck list of all the things Peter was willing to try. ‘We could have some fun with it.’ One of the voice boxes chirped.‘By fun you mean sexy times with pretty boy? Let’s go for it!’ the other voice suggested.Wade sighed, again and dug out a pen from under his pile of guns. “Okay, have a seat on the bed.”Peter sat on the bed, suddenly nervous as Wade tapped the pages.“Yes means you would totally go for it, no means you would never go for it, and maybe means you might at some point in time go for it. Take your time and if you decide you want to think about it some more, just say so.” Wade explained.“Okay.” Peter said.“Sixty-nine.”  “Yes.” Peter answered.Wade checked yes.“Age play.”“What’s that?” “Didn’t you look up any of these terms before you brought it here?” Wade asked.“Not really.” Peter said sheepishly.“Okay, age play is basically role play that can either be sexual or not sexual and where one person acts younger than the other.” Wade explained.Peter stared at him blankly.“It would be like you pretending you were seven and I was your daddy.”“That would be a no.” Peter answered. “Right. Okay, biting?”“Yes.”“Next one is blindfolds?”“Yes.”“Bondage?”“You mean like tying me up?”“Yup.”Peter hemmed. “Yeah, that would be a yes.”“Alright then,” Wade breathed, shifting in his chair as he scribbled Peter’s answers. Fuck this was starting to give him an erection. “How about breathe play?“Breathe play? ““It’s where I control if your able to breathe or not.” Wade explained.Peter shook his head. “Absolutely no way. I’ve been strangled enough in my nightlife, thank you very much.”“Thought as much,” Wade hummed. “Okay, body paint?”“Like edible paint?” Peter asked.“Exactly.”“Oh yeah, defiantly.” Peter breathed, blushing as he ran his gaze up and down Wade’s sitting form.“How about cock rings?” Wade asked.“Cock rings?” Peter frowned. “Yeah, you know how sometimes I grab your cock just as your about to come and then you don’t come and you get all hissy and whimpering but the payoff is even better? I would do that but with a ring instead of my fingers.”“Yes. Yes I want to do that.” Peter hissed, breathing just a bit faster.Wade looked back at the list. He should at least try and get through most of the list before he jumped Peter’s bones. “Okay, cross dressing?”“Like as a girl?”“Or a slutty maid.”“Would... would you like that? I mean, if I dressed like that.” Peter asked hesitantly and Wade licked his lips. “It doesn’t matter what I’d like Spidey, what would you like?” Wade asked because fucking hell yes, Wade would love to see peter in heels and a short skirt.“Put it under maybe.” Peter said after a few minutes.“Okay. Next is delaying gratification.”“Like with the cock ring?” “Part and parcel, but sometimes I could never let you cum. It could be up to a month for you not coming.”Pale paled. “A month? No. But with the cock ring, yeah.”Wade wrote the answer down. “Dirty talk?”“Fuck me si
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman

freeform: 
BDSM
Eventual other tags
Still working on this...
Male/Male
Spanking
Hand Jobs
Fisting
cross-dressing
Improvised Sex Toys
completely and utterly NSFW
Facials
Rimming
Foursome - M/M/M/M
Alpha/Beta/Omega dynamics (one chapter only)

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman

