Work Text:
Maximoff was fast, but when it came to dodging ham-fisted come-ons, Darcy Lewis was faster.
She was starting to wonder if she hadn’t developed some sort of contact superpower, because damned if she didn’t just know when that walking harassment case was about to step into her line of vision. No way would she stand by (again) while he snuck in touches and readjusted her clothing  without her being able to call him out.
She took the first door to her left with a neat little sidestep and a stiffly held breath. She stood, safely inside the bolt hole, fingertips pressed against the door while she counted to ten. That was her safety window. Ten seconds was an interminable lifetime to Pietro, he wouldn’t hang around for that long, and - at least as far as she knew - he hadn’t mastered the art of walking through doors.
Her aversion wasn’t a familial thing. She’d seen Papa Maximoff in the news and the man was a silver fox. As for Wanda… well, goddamn. It was simply that Pietro’s slick brand of sleaze wasn’t doing it for her and, really, who wanted to date a man who’s claim to fame was that he was fast? IfyouknowwhatImean…
She drummed her fingertips against the door… once, twice. She wasn’t killing it in the situational awareness stakes because behind her a throat cleared. Darcy spun around in horror, eyes going wide as she expected to see Maximoff leering back at her, shit-eating grin firmly in place while he further acquainted himself with what he’d recently declared to be her ‘two best features’. She was wrong.

So wrong.

It turned out that her frantic dash had hurled her into the twenty-seventh floor gym locker room. The men’s. Population? One steam-dewed, bug-eyed, bare-ass naked Steve Rogers.
And his towel. His woefully inadequate towel of inadequacy. A towel with pretensions of sufficiency that, frankly, missed the mark by inches and… sweet Jesus how was she going to survive this?
Mostly, he stood like a monument to all that was manly and strong. Water ran in rivulets over inches of perfect, taut, glowing skin stretched over pounds of unyielding muscle. Water beaded in the small strip of dark golden hair that gathered between his pecs then ran down, down, into the worlds tiniest white towel. Fuck. That towel. What a joke. It was slung ridiculously low on his hips, barely meeting at one side to tuck into itself, it gaped over one bulging thigh and did nothing to hide the many fascinating slopes and bulges beneath. 
He might have looked like something off a Men’s Health magazineif he hadn’t been looking so scandalised. Biceps flexed as he sprawled his hands over himself, one spanning to cover his left pec (yet that perfect flat nipple managed to just peek through his fingers) the other dropped to where his towel was hanging on for dear life. Wet hair stuck out at odd angles, dripping water down his neck - a neck flushed pink with embarrassment.
“I’m… not here,” Darcy said cautiously. Stupid. Stupid.
“You… aren’t?”
She had her back pressed against the door, not so much to bar Pietro from entering, but just because she felt the compelling need to be as far from Steve as she could be… without actually leaving the room.
“Would you believe that this is just a dream?”
He shook his head slowly, shifting from foot to foot. “In the dreams you’re naked too.”
A long second passed before they both realised what he’d said. Darcy was pretty sure her underwear actually evaporated. Steve, however, seemed mortified  as he lifted his hand from his chest and pressed it over his mouth, as though the act could stem the flow of his words.
“I’m hiding,” Darcy shifted the subject, throwing him a lifeline.
“From me?”
He was addled, clearly a little embarrassed. Usually he was such a smart boy. “Pietro.”
That nudged Steve into activity, he stood straighter, hands fisting by his thighs as he narrowed his eyes at the door. He’d been witness to the previous week’s bra-snapping incident, he knew the score when it came to Darcy’s opinion of Maximoff.
“I’ll teach him a lesson,” Steve’s voice came out low and a little terrifying.
“Not without pants, you won’t. Besides, he’s long gone. Pietro’s a toad alright, but he’s a toad with a short attention span.”
Steve frowned at that, took two steps forward. Darcy took two steps to the side, anything to keep a little distance from the advancing Wet Dream On Legs. “You could stay,” Steve said, voice firm, warm.
“I could… stay?” Darcy echoed as she pressed an open palm to her stomach, trying to quell the stirring, whorish butterflies that had started to kick up a lust-induced storm there.
“Sure. If you’d like.”
 
 
 
Darcy Lewis stared back at Steve, expression caught somewhere between a French girl after his wallet and a deer coming to the realisation that it had wandered into Bucky’s crosshairs.
Funny, because he felt primed for the hunt. Not that it took much, he’d been thinkin’ on chasing down Darcy for months. Things had been promising in the beginning, after being introduced she’d stuck c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Locker Room
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

