Work Text:

Prologue 

New York City, three years ago
Central Park was glowing.A dome of crackling blue energy encased Sheep Meadow.  Its glow was bright enough to make the surrounding lawns and footpaths clearly visible, even at two A.M. on a rain-soaked February night.  The rain evaporated where it hit the dome, creating an eerie halo of fluorescent blue fog around it.  Writhing blue tendrils snaked along the ground, detouring around trees and structures.  From an aerial vantage point, Steve could see that three  of the tendrils had reached north all the way to the lake, making the waters behind Bethesda Fountain boil, and several more were creeping up on Central Park West."Can you tell what it is?" he yelled, pitching his voice to carry over the muted roar of Iron Man's jet boots."Not specifically."  The metal-clad arm around Steve's waist tightened a little as Tony slowed their flight and tilted them to hover vertically above the dome.  "My sensors don't recognize the energy signature, which means it's magic rather than tech."  He didn't actually add "I hate magic," but the disgust in his voice made his sentiments clear enough.Steve did a quick visual search for the rest of the team.  Spider-Woman was flying in tight circles a few yards below them.  Spider-Man clung precariously to the little weather vane tower atop the carousel roof.  Luke was out of sight, but he had to be on the ground somewhere, hidden by the trees."Can everyone hear me?" Steve called out.  Magic tended to play hell with their communicators.There was a ragged chorus of acknowledgement, broken only by a few mild bursts of static.  Thank God for small favors."Right.  Everyone stay back until we know what we're dealing with.  Luke, can you see anything useful down where you are?"
"Just a lot of blue," Luke grumbled.  "What the hell is this thing?""Hey, guys."  Spider-Man's voice sounded a little shaky.  "I don't mean to be an alarmist or anything, but the last time my Spider-sense went off like this, Galactus tried to have the Earth for a midnight snack.  Not that I think this is Galactus, unless he's shrunk down a hell of a lot and taken up special-effects displays as a hobby, I'm just saying--""Thank you, Peter," Steve said quickly.  "Tony, can you take us closer?""Take care, Captain!" a new voice called out.  Steve turned to see Stephen Strange floating toward them, his cape billowing behind him far more dramatically than the speed of his flight would account for.  "There is strong infernal magic at work here, and a great deal of energy being channeled.  Let me examine the area before you make any moves."Steve waved his free arm toward the dome.  "Be my guest.""Hold on," Tony said.  "Are you using 'infernal' metaphorically here, or--""Absolutely not.  Whatever this spell is, it's drawing power from one of the hell dimensions.  The energy signature is unmistakable."  Strange turned toward the dome and made a fluid, complex gesture with his hands.  Nothing happened that Steve could see, but Strange's habitually stern expression grew even darker than usual.  "I don't know what Doom thinks he's doing, but he must be stopped immediately.""Doom," Tony sighed.  "Why am I not surprised.  Is he in there?""And is anyone else in there with him?" Steve added.  The weather and the late hour would keep most people out of the park, but the place was never entirely empty.  If Doom had innocent bystanders trapped in that dome with him, the situation would become even more complicated than it already was."I can't tell."  Strange gestured again, and shook his head in frustration.  "Has anyone contacted the Fantastic Four?  They tend to know what he's up to.""I'm trying."  Tony tilted his head back slightly into what Steve had come to recognize as his "checking my readouts" posture.  Light flickered in his helmet's eye slits.  "No response at the Baxter Building.  Actually, I think Reed said something last week about going off-planet."Knowing Reed Richards, that could mean anything from "intergalactic emergency" to "family picnic three solar systems over."  Either way, it seemed the Avengers were on their own for this one."We should--"  Steve meant to suggest that they join Luke on the ground, but his voice was drowned out by an ominous rumble, followed by a startled yelp from Spider-Man."Uh, team?"  Luke's voice sounded strained.  "Is Manhattan supposed to get earthquakes?  'Cause we seem to be having a doozy right now."Below them, the ground bulged and the trees swayed.  The water in the lake churned, and the carousel sprang to life with an incongruously cheery burst of colored lights and tinny music.  At least a dozen new tendrils sprouted from the dome, slithering along the grass in all directions.  An icy burst of wind whipped the rain across Steve's face and made him tighten his hold on Tony."This can't be good," Tony muttered.The air around them rippled with energy in a way that made Steve's hair stand up on the back of his neck.  The next burst 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crossover
Alternate Universe - Fusion

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

