Chapter 1





Chapter Text







Now



I see my folks are getting on
And I watch their bodies change
I know they see the same in me
And it makes us both feel strange
- Bonnie Raitt, Nick of Time
Bucky’s on his second beer. He’s not really out to get drunk, but he sure doesn’t feel like going home just yet. He shifts on his stool and kicks his boot against the bar. Maybe it’s time he moved on; he’s getting sick of this town anyhow. The bar’s quiet for a Friday, everyone down at Lever High to watch the school football team play their rivals from the next county. Bucky’s lived in this town for eight months and he’s still not seen a game. He never had a lot of time for sports in school. Always too busy reading, or roaming about the countryside. Takes his mind off goddamn horses for a while. He does it because he was raised to it, but ‘good with horses’ isn’t all he ever wants to be.There’s a commotion at the other end of the bar, and Bucky glances over his shoulder. Last thing he wants is to get dragged into a bar fight, but when he spots Jackson Bylow squaring off with a guy half his size, he turns slowly round on his stool. Looks like Jackson took advantage of the thin crowd to slip into a booth with a couple of women drinking alone, his company as unwelcome as ever. Bucky sets his beer on the bar and gets to his feet. Jackson grabs his skinny opponent by the shoulder, and Bucky winces as he realizes at least one of them is gonna get a punch in before he gets there. So be it. To his surprise, the little guy in the flashy suit gets the first hit in, although it’s obvious Jackson only takes it in the face because he’s too drunk to dodge. He recovers fast enough, his fist still caught in the guy’s lapel, and swings his other arm around to clip the guy in the face, knocking him to the floor. “Hey, hey!” Bucky yells, grabbing Jackson and hauling him off. By the time he gets them apart, Lou-Ann is already there with the phone in her hand, threatening Jackson with the Sheriff again. The Sheriff is Jackson’s sister, which is more of a threat than law alone could ever be. “Thanks, Jimmy,” Lou-Ann says, nodding at him. “Have yourself another beer on me later.”He tips her a salute, and turns to help the skinny guy to his feet. He’s already halfway up, and he ignores Bucky’s offered hand, pausing to wipe his bloody mouth on his sleeve. “Shit,” he says, vicious-like, and pets at his mouth to see how bad the damage is. He’s got a nice mouth, and Bucky’s about to turn his eyes away, to try not to look, but then the kid looks up at Bucky, and his eyes go wide. “What the - Bucky?”Bucky takes a closer look, and suddenly it hits him why this guy seems so familiar. He feels almost sick to think he didn’t recognize him. “Stevie?” he says, low and anxious, and when Steve’s face breaks into a loose, warm smile, he can’t help copying it. “I’ll be damned, Steve Rogers!”Steve nods eagerly, and Bucky can see him twitching to move, the coiled tension in his body, and he quickly sticks out his hand. “Good to see you again,” he says in a lazy drawl. He doesn’t miss the flicker of surprise and hurt in Steve’s eyes, but he knows Steve well enough to know he’d have gone for a hug. Bucky remembers only too well the warm sensation of an armful of wriggly seventeen year old Steve, and the middle of a dirty roadside dive bar is not the place he wants to start reliving it. “Hey, Lou-Ann!” he yells over his shoulder, “can we trouble you for some ice?” “Nah, don’t bother,” Steve says gruffly, pulling his hand back, and Bucky’s surprised to hear how different his voice sounds. He’s lost his Southern drawl, sounds just like a regular city slicker, and Bucky tells him so. “That so?” Steve says, bristling. “I guess it’s been a long time, for both of us.”Bucky nods, then glances down at his feet. “I - I gotta apologize, Steve, for what happened-”“Don’t you dare,” Steve hisses, and Bucky looks up and into a pair of furious eyes. It makes his heart skip a beat; he’d forgotten the rage that lived just behind Steve’s eyes, so easy to forget with his wild laughter and his aching politeness. But Steve’s fire had been the thing that first drew Bucky to him, and it sickens him to think he forgot that. “Where’ve you been, Bucky?”He stares down at Steve, stunned to find the anger in his face making way for a yearning, desperate look. Bucky’s not prepared for this."You - wanna have a drink?" he asks, feeling a little wild. Steve looks surprised, opens his mouth like he might have something to say in response, but Bucky doesn’t let him say it. “It’s a long story,” he adds quickly. “If you really wanna hear it.”Steve looks him up and down, and although it’s more considering than flirtatious, it still reminds Bucky a little too clearly of the way Steve used to look at him. The point of his tongue wets his bottom lip, and he nods, slowly, meeting Bucky’s eyes once more. “Sure,” he says, “let’s talk. But - maybe not here?”“My apartment ain’t far, but uh - I got a roo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Religious
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Crossdressing
Genderbending
Genderqueer Character
Exhibitionism
Alternate Universe - Farm/Ranch
Secret Relationship
Dirty Talk
Rimming
Anal Sex
Switching
Taking the lord's name in vain
Underage Sex
Spanking
Light Dom/sub
Overstimulation
Topping from the Bottom
Powerbottom!Steve
Kink Negotiation
Aftercare
Canon-Typical Violence
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Using sex as self-harm

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

