Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I’m going to die.”Steve watched with horror as the boy next to him poured an energy drink into his coffee at half past seven in the morning.“Yeah, but…” Steve started to say, but the boy had already downed his deadly dose of caffeine in one gulp and scrunched his face in disgust. “Please turn the other way when you have to throw up.”On the one hand, he felt sympathy for the brunette - who looked like death warmed over - but what kind of idiot thought it was a good idea to mix coffee and… guava flavored energy drink? Steve doubted the guava flavor would hide the taste of gummy-bear-soul-cemetery.He realized he had been staring when the other tilted his head and shot him a bleary but questioning look. It was kind of cute with his tousled hair… “Huh?”“I asked you what class I am in anyway,” the boy chuckled.“History. With Mr. Coulson.”“Ugh… damn. He never lets me sleep.”“Yeah, because that’s what beds at home are for,” Steve deadpanned at the whining, but the other had already pressed his jacket into a pile and buried his face in it.“Smartass,” was the muffled response and the mop of hair turned his face his way. “Who are you anyway? Don’t think I have seen you here before.”“Steve. Steve Rogers. We just moved here so…” After all the treatments for him, his mom and him had to move into a smaller apartment and it was far enough away that attending his old school had been out of question. “But I haven’t seen you in this class until now…”“Oh, yeah. Well history is boring and I wouldn’t be here if Coulson didn’t have a secret weapon stash.” He could only guess the last words because the boy was yawning at the same time. “I’m Tony.”“Weapons… right. Mr. Coulson totally looks like some kind of assassin.” He quirked an eyebrow but couldn’t hold back a smirk.Tony did not seem to mind the dry response because he was conspiratorially leaning towards him. “There is more to him than his lame paper-pusher appearance. Believe me.”Thankfully, said teacher came in and saved Steve from thinking of something more to say. He genuinely liked history class, and Mr. Coulson was a great teacher, but it did not stop him from looking at Tony from time to time.Apparently the caffeine had kicked in, because the brunette was now furiously scribbling stuff into his notebook and rocketing his left knee up and down. The things he wrote down – not that Steve was reading it or anything – looked more like equations than history notes and latter was slowly starting to get annoying. Steve tried to tune it out and focused more on French Revolution, which worked out pretty well for the rest of the class.When the bell rang he saw Tony hastily pack his bag and run out of the room.Strange fellow… oOo   He was hallucinating, and he was about 60% sure his desperate-morning-cocktail was to blame. Or dreaming because his drink put him into coma.A little voice that sounded way too much like Rhodey was singing the ‘I told you so’ song.Tony had spent the whole lesson to do the math on the possibility of sitting next to the Hot New Guy without realizing, and then being as suave as a lamp. And he was stuck next to him for the rest of the year because fucking Coulson always made those nifty little seating plans teachers seemed so fond of.This year was going to be his longest yet.Luckily, English was next. Equally uninteresting but at least he could whine at Rhodey.“Oh God. Please tell me you did not drink that stuff again, Tones.” Ahhh, the sound of suffering that only a longtime exposure to him could provide.“Doesn’t matter,” he said with a dismissive wave of his hand. “You have-”“It actually does. Didn’t Bruce show you the improved power-point presentation on why you should not mix energy drinks with espresso or alcohol like… yesterday?”“Last week, you mother hen, and I’m awake so I’m fine. There are more pressing issues at hand.”“Like?”“Like why didn’t Barton tell me I have history with Hot New Guy?!”He had to give it to his best friend: his eyebrow-game was strong. “What?”“You know… blonde, really, really blue eyes, shoulder-waist-ratio of a Dorito…”“Ah, that Rogers kid, right? I have PE with him and… wait. Why are you only realizing this now? School started a month ago.”“Er…”“Tony…”“Uhm…”“Tony, did you skip classes again until Coulson had to threaten you with a taser so you come out of the computer lab?”“First, I’m pretty sure teachers aren’t allowed to use tasers on school grounds. Second, … yeah… kind of… sort of… maybe.” In order not to watch Rhodey’s familiar reaction, he watched the flying patterns of a fly that was buzzing nearby, but he heard the telltale sound of a hand meeting a forehead.“Yeah… okay,” his friend sighed in resignation. “And what is your problem with Rogers being in your history class? He’s nice.”“I have to sit next to him.” The dramatic pause apparently did not excite Rhodey as much as anticipated. “I mean have you seen him? He’s really hot! Barton was not exaggerating for, like, the first time in his ent
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone - Character
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tags May Change
Relationships may be added
Alternate Universe - High School
Threesome - M/M/M
Mutual Pining
awkward teen!Tony
Slow Build
Fluff and Angst
BAMF Steve Rogers
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Pepper
Work In Progress
BAMF Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Homophobia
Hurt/Comfort
POV Alternating
Becky Ships It
Implied Violence
minor smut
Minor Injuries
Friendship
Miscommunication
Getting Together

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone - Character
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark & Avengers Team

