Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Summary:

The Avengers finally meet their omega



Notes:
Hi everyone :-) This is my first time posting a fanfiction and I really hope you like it. I’ve been so inspired by the amazing works posted (two in particular which I have tagged, they’re amazing and I’m definitely addicted) and really wanted to give it a try myself. I really hope you like it and always welcome comments and feedback.




Chapter Text
Steve laughed happily at the sight before him. Natasha was holding Bruce close, while Bucky was holding Clint. He was sat in the front passenger seat of Tony’s SUV, listening to Tony and Clint (very badly) sing/shout an AC/DC song. Steve only knew the band because Tony had insisted that Steve and Bucky needed to be cultured on the ‘best music’, having missed out on ‘the music of the century’. Whilst it wasn’t Steve’s music of choice, Tony had made it very clear that only the driver gets to pick the music. And since Tony refused to be a passenger, he would always get first choice of songs. Much to the dismay of everyone else in the pack. The pack were on their way back to the tower after spending the day together touring New York. The Avengers had been working tirelessly over the last few months, since they had discovered that HYDRA had infiltrated S.H.E.I.L.D. There had been long nights and endless missions and the pack was exhausted. They had taken down the major leaders of HYDRA, as well as all their main bases and now only Brock Rumlow and his followers remained. There hadn’t been a sighting of Rumlow in months and the team had exhausted any leads they could find. Steve had commanded that the team take a break and have a day of relaxation. That was how they had ended up spending the day, away from the tower, missions and S.H.I.E.L.D.  The team had a great day and it made Steve’s heart swell to hear his pack so happy. The last few months had been tough on everyone, but he had been especially concerned about Bucky. When Steve found out that Bucky was alive, the team had spent nearly a year tracking the Winter Soldier. There were days where Steve was terrified he would never find his mate. His first mate. Or that he was lost to the Winter Solider forever. Once Bucky broke free from HYDRA’s control, it had been a long road of rehabilition. Bucky wouldn’t talk to anyone in the pack, terrified of hurting them. Steve would sit outside his door at night and hear Bucky scream from the nightmares. Steve ached to be next to Bucky, to soothe and hold him just as Bucky had done for him all those years ago. But Bucky had blocked Steve out using the privacy protocol set by JARVIS. It took a lot of patience, tears and heartache. But Bucky eventually began to open up. It started small. An occasional smile. A rare joke. But Steve started to see glimpses of the old Bucky. The man he first fell in love with. Now, nearly a year later, Bucky fit seamlessly into the pack. He was like his old self. Funny. Charming. Caring. And life was good. Steve had his pack. They were safe. And they were his. There was only one more thing he needed. His Omega. Steve sighed at the thought and looked down at his arm. When you are born, you are born with a symbol for each of your soulmates on your forearm. The first symbol would be your own. After that, the symbols of your soulmates would appear in age order. Steve, and the rest of the pack, each had seven symbols. One for themselves and six for each of their mates. His own symbol was a simplified variation of his shield. Bucky’s was a red star. Bruce’s symbol was a green test tube. Clint’s was an arrow, Tony’s was his arc reactor and Natasha’s was a black widow. Down below, was one more symbol. The symbol of his omega. All seven soulmarks were interlinked. To show the everlasting soul bond between all mates. It was a representation of their souls interacting. Of their souls belonging to each other. Once they find their omega, their pack will be complete. His omega was never far from his thoughts. He consistently found himself thinking of them. Were they safe? Were they happy? How would they meet? Before the war, Bucky and Steve had spent hours dreaming of what their pack would be like. Of what their omega would look like. Once he woke from the ice, Steve had given up any hope of ever finding his pack. He had never felt more lost and alone. Steve had thought he had lost them all forever back in the fourties. It was a pain far worse than he could ever imagine. He had failed them. Needless to say, he was shocked when he met the others at the battle of New York. It was soon after that they had all moved in together into the tower. Steve finally felt like he belonged. Of course the rest of the pack couldn’t wait to meet their seventh mate either. They were soulmates. They were, after all, designed for each other. To love each other. But the relationship between an Alpha and their omega was different to any other. Alphas and omegas needed each other on a biological leve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/OFC
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character (s)
Bruce Banner/Original Female Character
Avengers Team & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
alpha/beta/omega
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega OFC
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe
Pack Dynamics
Protective Avengers
Possessive Behaviour
Domestic Discipline
Romantic Soulmates
Slow Build
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Angst
Spanking
Panic Attack
Mentions of Past Torture
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Violence
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Dom Natasha Romanov
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Team as Family
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Slow Burn
Collars
Suspense
Mysterious Past
Mentions of Smut
Eventual Smut

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/OFC
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character (s)
Bruce Banner/Original Female Character
Avengers Team & Original Female Character(s)

