Chapter 1: A Goddamn Disaster
    




Chapter Text
“Quiet please, quiet down!” Mr Harrington stood at the front of the class, waving his arms, and desperately trying to maintain control of his students. Peter watched with sympathy as Flash ignored the order and continued to snigger with his cronies. MJ began to sketch the teacher’s face in her notebook. “For the love of all that’s good – be quiet immediately or you will all be banned from the field trip on Friday!”
The class was silenced at once. Even Flash swivelled in his chair and turned to stare. “Did he say field trip?” Ned whispered excitedly, grabbing onto Peter’s arm.
Peter muttered a nondescript response to Ned’s question, eyeing Mr Harrington with wariness. Who could blame him? He’d never had good luck with field trips. Between Oscorp, Washington, and even the Homecoming… well, suffice to say he had decided that class events just didn’t seem to suit him.
Mr Harrington exhaled, relieved at the sudden lack of noise. “Good, thank you. As I was saying –”
“Are we really going on a field trip?” Abe cut in. “Where to?”
“Abe, really. Please be quiet whilst I –”
“Is it somewhere better than Oscorp?” Betty interrupted. “That trip was so strange –”
“If you were all quiet I would have told you by now!” Mr Harrington snapped, frustration and anger suddenly seeping his tone. Abe and Betty went still. Ned stopped whispering, having previously been guessing where they would be going. “As I was saying. Our class has been invited on a tour of a very prestigious organisation, so I expect everyone to behave much better than you just exhibited.”
There were mutters of apologies. Flash rolled his eyes. MJ snorted. Peter and Ned shared a look.
“I will be handing out non-disclosure agreements and permission slips, both of which absolutely must be signed by both yourself and your parents or guardians by tomorrow morning and handed back to me.” Mr Harrington continued. “The trip will, as I have said, be on Friday and last all day. You must be at school by 8am when the bus leaves. If you are even a minute late, we will leave without you. We will have lunch on site, and there will be a bus back to school at 4pm.”
“Where do you think it’ll be too?” Ned leant over, whispering to Peter. Peter only shrugged. He wondered whether he could skip the trip and spend the day at his internship instead.
“I don’t know.” The young vigilante said honestly. “Could be anywhere. You know I don’t like field trips Ned. I mean… come on.” He made a subtle hand gesture, pressing two fingertips to his wrist.
Ned winced. “I know, I know. You have to admit though that’s had its upsides I mean you get to swing from buildings, and you have super strength and your spidey senses –”
“Shhhhh!” Peter hushed, widening his eyes at Ned with what could only be described as pure exasperation. “Ned you know you shouldn’t –”
“Sorry, sorry –”
“Parker, Leeds! For goodness’ sake what have I just said!”
Peter and Ned jumped to attention. “Sorry.” They mumbled, both of their cheeks tinting red at being caught whispering.
Mr Harrington let out another long sigh, pinching the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger. “You have to behave on Friday, boys. I can’t have any single member of this class disgracing the school with less than their absolutely best behaviour. This is the first time we’ve been invited to such a prestigious company, and we need to make a good impression if we want other classes to be invited back.”
“Invited where?” Betty asked impatiently. “Where are we going, Mr Harrington?”
The teacher smiled. “It’s very exciting actually. I mean, it’s really exciting.” He was starting to show it, the smile turned into a beam. He clapped his hands together, bouncing on the balls of his feet. “You’re going to be so pleased. It’s so much better than anywhere else we’ve ever been before –”
“Tell us, tell us!” Came the eager chorus of the class.
Mr Harrington chuckled. He let the silence hold for a second, waiting for the tension to rise. “Class… We’re going to Stark Industries!”
There was only a second of shocked silence before the instant uproar. Shouting, cheering, whooping – Betty was grabbing Abe’s arm and shaking it so hard he almost fell from his seat. Flash and his minions were high fiving. There were comments all around the class. “Oh my gosh, that’s amazing!” “Working for Stark Industries is my dream!” “Do you think we’ll see one of the Avengers?” “Screw the Avengers, do you think they’ll let us see the biomedical labs?” 
Meanwhile, Ned stared at Peter. Peter stared at Mr Harrington. “You have got to be kidding me.”
“You didn’t know?” Ned asked. Peter turned his head and gave him a dead stare. “No, you didn’t, obviously you didn’t, or you would have told me wouldn’t you and you said at the beginning of the announcement that you didn’t know where we were going it could have been anywhere –”
“Ned this is a disaster.” Peter’s heart was in his stomach. Tony was going to think this was hilarious. Maybe h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Embarrassed Peter Parker
Angry Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Precious Peter Parker
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Bully Flash Thompson
Internship
Peter's Internship at Stark Industries

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

