Chapter 1



Summary:

Revelations, Book 1.



Notes:
This chapter has been re-written from scratch. It was bugging me. There were little things that didn't feel right, now that I know these kids better. There are no changes really, just their inner voices are more on-point. This may happen in other chapters... (squinty eyes at garden scene in ch 2) Ok back to work.




Chapter Text
 (The past)  Loki was late. Later than usual. Thor never rushed to get showered and changed after his work out session at the gym, because he knew he was going to have to wait, but this was a fucking piss-take.Huffing and puffing, he went back into the sports centre, headed for the kids’ changing room —where he technically had not been allowed for more than a year now, since his fourteenth birthday. Loki was not there, but that kid Thor knew from Loki’s class was. (What was his name again?) “Well, look who’s here,” said the kid, batting his eyelids, while he picked up his gear and stuffed it into a duffle bag. Loki’s classmates knew his big brother well by now. Thor might look like a bully, but he wasn’t one. This kid knew it was safe, so he was always flirting with him.“Hey, have you seen Loki?” asked Thor.“Mr. Fouché dared criticise his attitude dèrriere and he’s probably still in the ballet hall, practicing.”That sounded like Loki, alright.“Thanks.”“Anything else I can do for you?” said the kid, cocking his hip.Would be fun to find out what the kid would do if Thor said, actually there is. He couldn't be more than what, thirteen? Fourteen? He'd run for the hills screaming.So he just shook his head in dismay and rolled his eyes and, when he walked out, he made sure the door was well shut behind him.   He grumbled to himself all the way down the corridor towards the ballet hall. He was going to have a monumental moan about this to his mum.“He’s old enough to go alone,” he would tell her.“But darling, doesn’t it make sense that, since you’re both at the same sports centre, you take the bus home together?” she would reply, if Loki was within earshot. If he wasn’t, she would ruffle Thor’s hair and whisper, “He’s only thirteen. I don’t want him running around town on his own.”She had a point. London wasn't ready should Loki ever be unleashed without supervision upon the city streets. For such a quiet, reserved kid, he could really cause a lot of mischief. He was way too pretty for his own good, and too clever and well-spoken, and had a way about him, full of arrogance and contempt, as if everyone was beneath him. All in all, he was a bully magnet the size of the bloody Buckingham Palace. To complicate matters further, “just ignore them” wasn't the Loki way. He preferred to give them attitude. Oh, he had a mouth on him, his baby brother, and some razor-sharp wits, and a way with words. By all means, the way to go is to humiliate in front of his friends guys two heads taller than you and twice as heavy. Good job he was a fast runner. He could be a full-time job and a full-on headache for his big brother.And so it goes, fucking around in the front stairs of the sports centre every bloody Thursday afternoon, waiting for his royal highness to finish drying his fucking hair. As if Thor didn’t have homework to do and World of Warcraft to catch up on before dinner.But enough was fucking enough. He pushed in the door of the ballet hall with every intention of having it all out on his brother. And there he was, indeed, dozens of Lokis reflected in the mirrors walls, doing the whatever it was the kid in the changing room had said - he was standing on his toes on a straight leg, while lifting the other one behind him, arms decoratively held front and side, hands tense. His foot was level with his head, the arch of his back seemed impossible. All those things Thor meant to say crashed against that arch and then there were none.Loki cast a glance at him through the mirror. Thor's eyes were still caught up on-route along those never-ending legs in that lick of paint they called ballet leggings. They left nothing to the imagination, front or back. He flustered, and Loki saw. (Yes, what, couldn’t he be curious? They used to have baths together and everything but not for, like, ages, and Loki had grown since then, ok? And you could fucking see everything through those ridiculous lycra pants. How the fuck did anyone get anything done in that class?)Loki walked over, silent and graceful. Thor was looking daggers.“Half an hour late, Loki,” he grunted.“I’m finished now."“If you do this again, I’m fucking leaving without you."“Fair enough. I’ll enjoy hearing you tell mum,” countered Loki. A towel around his shoulders. “I’m going for a shower. Why don’t you wait in the changing room? It will be empty now. It's warmer there.”Thor stared into Loki’s green eyes. Sweet enough at first glance, perfectly innocent even, but Thor knew better. Of course, he blinked first. Loki was a bloody basilisk.Thor's eyes kept dipping to his brother's crotch out of their own b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Thor/Others
Loki/others

freeform: 
Sibling Incest
Alternate Universe - Human
This is the one where they are ACTORS
a love greater than the fucking sea (and a lust to match)
Canonical Character Death
Loki does ballet deal with it
bullying (past)
Flashbacks
Mental Health Issues
Substance Abuse
Prostitution
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempts
Angst. A lot of angst.
yes it starts dark but it gets better
happy ending i swear
GOOD FLUFFY SMUTTY THORKI HAPPINESS COMES TO THOSE WHO put up with me a liiiittle bit longer
Hurt/Comfort (behold that tag! I was waiting for that tag!)
a hint of Ironfrost
a dash of Winterfrost
Thor and his ladies
Lots and lots of movie references
Loki is a brilliant crooner
The Rocky Horror Show
M.Butterfly
Master & Commander - Freeform
Blood Meridian
Edward Scissorhands - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Thor/Others
Loki/others

