Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"Ahhh! No!"Frigga woke immediately as her husband cried out, jerking upright out of his sleep. His face was pale and sweaty. She sat up quickly and reached out to soothe him. He started violently at her touch. Frowning at his reaction, Frigga slid closer to him, using one hand to caress his face and the other to gently stroke his arm."It's all right," she said quietly, adding the suggestion of comfort to her touch. "All is well, my love."Odin looked at her, panic plain on his face. "Frigga? My wife. My beautiful queen. You're here?"Frigga smiled. "Where else would I be but at my husband's side?" She lifted her hand away from his face to pass over his hair, smoothing it down. "What gave you such a fright? Did you dream badly?"Odin stared at her wordlessly. She kept up her ministrations to calm him. He reached out a shaky hand to touch her cheek. She smiled encouragingly as he passed trembling fingers over her cheek, then her brow, before touching her lips."Frigga!" He threw his arms around her, pulling her to him and hugging her fiercely.She tried to keep up her comforting touch, but soon had to move her hands to Odin's chest. She pushed against him."My husband, I need to breathe."He released her immediately. "I am sorry. I'm overwhelmed. I cannot express how I...you're here.""Of course I am. Odin, what is it?"He studied her intently, trying to recommit every feature of her face to his memory. It soon became apparent she looked...different. Younger, lighter than when he last saw her, vibrant and alive -- in the corridor, they were being invaded, she was alive, why did he send her away? -- and, somehow, more peaceful. The last years of her life had been filled with sorrow over what had become of their youngest son. Her grief permeated her features, overshadowing the warm aura of Asgard's golden queen. Odin drank in the sight of her, wondering at how she could look so different now to his eye.His dream.She did not die. It was a dream. What did occur? He struggled to remember, trying to sort reality from what he saw in that wretched nightmare. But wait, she was here. Here in their bed with him in their bed chambers. She'd refused to share his bed ever since they began quarreling over Loki's fate upon his return to Asgard. Even now the cloud of rage at his son's actions hung in his mind. Grief over his death quickly turning to anger as Loki emerged from the Void alive and lashing out at a defenseless realm of mortals.Had his sons not yet returned then? But why could he remember it so clearly? So clearly could he picture the way Loki mocked him as he stood before Odin in chains. Their angry exchange of words. The shock that washed over his son's features as Odin pronounced his judgement, finally wiping that intolerable smirk off his face. It was the last time he saw his youngest son before the guard brought him the news from Svartalfheim.The guard.Loki.Wait.Was that what this was? His mind brought Loki back to life only to make his boy a snarling, half-mad shadow of himself and then snatch him away again. He closed his eye in dismay. How long had it been since he saw his son fall to his death into the Void?"Odin?"Frigga sounded worried. As he tried to separate his nightmare from his true memories he realized she had been speaking, but he did not hear any of her words."Odin, please, what troubles you? Tell me.""It's nothing. It's all right, Frigga. Truly." He patted her hand, trying to bring her comfort as much as himself.Frigga resumed stroking his arm. He accepted the soothing touch of her magic. "What a terrible nightmare to put you in such a state."Odin huffed. "I must have done something as of late to displease the Norns.""What was it?"He shook his head."Perhaps it would help to speak of it?"He sighed. Perhaps it would. His mind still struggled to sort out what he saw in his endless dream. But he did not want to upset her. He'd done more than enough in that regard."Odin."There's was no denying the firmness in her voice. It was a tone she used more often on their boys than him, but it left no doubt she expected an answer."It was Loki. I dreamed Loki had returned to us and there followed a terrible series of events. It almost as though our son returned to us only to act as a harbinger of our doom." He took in the expression of horror growing on her face and felt his own sense of alarm rising in response."Frigga? What is it?""What do you mean you dreamed Loki returned to us? Where was he?""He...what?""Loki," she prodded. "You dreamed of his return? Where did he go?""Frigga, he..." Odin trailed off as he looked his wife. And then it struck him.She looked younger.The lines grief had etched into her face were gone.He seized her arms so abruptly she gave a startled yelp in response."Frigga, where is Loki? Where is he?""Odin!""Where?" he demanded."It's the middle of the night. He should be in his bed, asleep."Odin was d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Frigga/Odin

freeform: 
AU
Odin tries
Odin's Parenting
Family Dynamics
Pre-Canon
Humor

fandom: 
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Frigga/Odin

