Chapter 1: When In New York
    


Notes:
CW: violence, brief mentions of attempted rape

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Wade was back from a job in Canada where he had unalived a stalker, and he was starving. “Time for pancakes.” He rubbed his hands together and skipped toward his apartment.{oh em gee, big guy. It’s the opening scene.}“What, again?”{Strike a pose.}Wade unsheathed his Katanas and tucked into a roll. A passerby shrieked. He resumed skipping, now with his katanas held in front of him and his head bobbing to the sweet, sweet beat of Footloose. If the people on the street weren’t avoiding him before, they certainly were now.[Wow. That’s a great use of our time. We need food, Wade.]{What’s next? Getting all stabby stabby on a motherfucker is a waste of time? You just don’t understand joy.}Wade’s stomach was feeling painfully empty. His gut twisted in on itself, and his body ached with fatigue. “White’s right. Pancakes are a priority.” He laughed.  He needed fuel for his upcoming job, a job involving the one and only Spidey! There was extra bounce in Wade’s next skip. “Hell, when are pancakes  not  a priority?”[Wade, wait.]{Changed your mind so soon?}[Shut up. Do you hear that?]Wade paused, tilting his head. Muffled shrieks could be heard from an alley just behind him. “Nice call, White. Fun then food.” He spun the katana, running into the alley. A man was standing in front of a wall, pinning someone’s arms against the brick with one arm and muffling their cries for help with the other.Wade grabbed his shoulder and turned the attacker so that he was in the same position the woman was in. Wade pinned him against the wall, mirroring the scene he walked in on.{Stab the fucker.}Wade nodded, and pulled a knife from his boot, plunging it into the man’s thigh. The man screamed.The woman was frozen, still standing against the wall. Her eyes and mouth were wide open. She was trembling. Wade used his katana to stab through the man’s shoulder into the wall. That should hold him for a while.“You alright, lady?”[Clearly not. Now she has to deal with two monsters in one night.]“Oh, that one hurt. I’m clearly the hero in this scene.”[You’re never the hero, Wade.]“Eh, true.” He shrugged.The woman’s eyes narrowed then widened again. Her breathing was rapid. Wade backed away from the douche he had pinned to the wall and held his hands up, showing he wasn’t holding weapons.[That doesn’t help when every other surface of your body is covered with weapons.]Wade glanced down at his suit which was littered with more guns and knives and shrugged. “But if my hands are up, it shows I’m not reaching for them. Keep up, White.”The woman blinked.“Oh! Right. Um, you alright, lady? Look, I’m not gonna hurt you or anything. You just looked like you needed some assistance taking care of this asshole.”She nodded slowly. “Are you Spider-Man?”{That’s so cute! See! She does think we’re a hero.}[Again, we’re never the hero.]{Shut the fuck up. Let us enjoy this moment.}“No, I’m not. Common mistake. I’m like his darker, edgier twin who was all rebellious and shit. He’s the favorite child. Or maybe he’s more like an only child cause I was disowned? I don’t fucking know.”“Spider-Man has a twin?” She looked thoroughly distracted now. Mission accomplished.{I thought our mission was to tear that motherfucker on the wall to pieces.}Wade laughed, lowering his hands. “No, it’s just, like, metaphorical. Poetry and all that jazz.”[Definitely not poetry.]“Wanna tell me what happened, or do you wanna just leave, and I’ll take care of this guy for you?”She gulped. So much for distraction. Her eyes flicked back and forth between Wade and the other guy. She took a hesitant step back, watching Wade closely. He stayed still. She began backing up, gaining speed until she was sprinting out of the alley.Wade clapped his hands and rubbed them together. “ Well , then. Looks like it’s just us now.”{Yesss. Cut his head off all slow-like. No -- wait. Arms first, then head.}“Mugger or rapist?” Wade’s voice was low and cool, the whites of his mask narrowed.[Based on his pants, my bet is on the latter.]Wade glanced down and saw that his belt and zipper were undone. Everything went red.{Rip him apart. Make that dickwad  pay .} Yellow was snarling, and their words distantly registered in Wade’s mind as he pulled the knives out of the man and threw him to the ground.He stomped on his leg, feeling the sharp crack. The man groaned. The blood loss had already caused him to nearly pass out.[We can’t have that. Make him feel everything.]Deadpool slapped his face back and forth. “You don’t get out of this that easily. Wake up, sleeping beauty.”[There’s nothing beautiful about this shit stain of a human.]{More beautiful than us. Show him your ugly mug, big guy. Having to see that rotten avocado will be a good punishment.}Wade shook his head. The red began to fade, the white hot anger all that remained. He pulled a knife
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Deadpool Thought Boxes
Slow Burn
Angst
Plot
Minor Original Character(s)
Slow Build
POV Multiple
Hurt/Comfort
Developing Relationship
Misunderstandings
slowest of burns
Everyone Needs A Hug
Eventual Fluff
Human Experimentation
Mutation
Moving In Together
Food
Mutual Pining
Domestic Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Sexual Tension
Eventual Sex
Sharing a Bed
Hanukkah
Purim

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

