Work Text:
Tony is explaining something extremely complicated at extreme length. Steve wouldn’t mind so much if he believed that Tony thought he could understand it. But Tony knows perfectly well that what he’s saying might as well be in another language for Steve. It’s something about the jet, but mostly about the effort Tony has put into it. Tony seems to just want someone there while he talks.Clint looks over at Steve. “What do you think are the chances we could get him to shut up for a while?” Tony glares at them half-heartedly.Thor laughs. “It is not a wager I would take.”“I’m not saying permanently,” Clint says. “Just a little power down so the rest of us can get a break.”Steve smiles. “We could borrow the-.” He taps his chest. “Would that work?”Thor’s laughter almost covers up the sound of Tony dropping something. Steve turns to look at Tony, because that’s far more unusual than Thor being amused (gratified as Steve is to be the one to cause it). Tony makes a face and threatens, “I’ve got more than one of these now. How many shields do you have? Or hammers, for that matter.”“You could not lift-,” Thor starts to explain.Tony waves that thought away. “Anyway, better things to do than stand here and be insulted et cetera, et cetera. Call me when the world’s in danger.” He gathers his things and disappears out of the room.Steve says, “That was strange.”“Perhaps Tony is unaware that it is in the nature of the warrior bond to joke at each other’s expense?” Thor says.Clint scoffs. “Can dish it out but can’t take it, you mean. He’ll get over it.”Steve wouldn’t have thought that of Tony, who is usually the last person to take something seriously. And Steve has spent so much of his time among soldiers that he can’t fathom not just shrugging something like that off. Although Tony can be a little temperamental. In any case, Clint is right – Tony will be over it by tomorrow. *Tomorrow, the Mansion locks them out.Natasha taps her foot. “What’s going on?”Steve takes out his cellphone. Tony had programmed it for him, with himself as the first button, so it’s not difficult to make the thing call him. “Tony?”“What?” Tony sounds mostly asleep.“We can’t get into the Mansion.”“Did you try asking nicely?”“Tony.”“Jarvis runs the house. Maybe you insulted him.”“Why would I…?” Steve looks around to where Natasha was standing, to see the door close behind her. He tries the door again. It still refuses to open. “It let Natasha in.”Tony hums thoughtfully. “I don’t know what to tell you, Cap. I guess you’ll have to get your workout at SHIELD Headquarters instead. Say hi to Fury for me.” *The facilities at SHIELD are impressive – certainly more impressive than any of the boxing gyms Steve used to get laughed out of in Brooklyn. The one at the Mansion is still better. And it’s set up to withstand the abuse dealt out by Thor, never mind Steve. He’s already torn two punching bags from the ceiling.Clint slams the door on his way into the gym. “What’s wrong with keys?”“Did the house lock you out too?” Steve asks.“Yeah. Also, I’m pretty sure Stark’s driver tried to kill me.”“What?”“His car came barrelling round the corner, pulled up about a half-inch away from me.”“Tony’s cars have pretty good brakes.”“If they didn’t, I’d be a pretty good splatter on the asphalt.”Steve thinks Clint is probably exaggerating. Still: “And the house?”“Not happening.”“Did you ask Tony?”“Oh, Tony wasn’t in the car. I guess his guy was just driving it around for him? How am I supposed to know what goes on in that man’s head?”“Tony’s not in the city?”Clint shrugs. “He’s better at keeping tabs on us than we are on him. But I think he’s back in California.”Steve had been pretty sure Tony was planning on being in New York through the weekend. He had said something, right before yesterday’s exercise, about buying a club in Manhattan for them to visit. Tony doesn’t take Steve’s claims about not being able to get drunk seriously. Steve calls Tony again, but there is no answer. *Tony doesn’t resurface until the middle of the next week when Coulson calls him in to consult on the design for the new Helicarrier. When Tony gets to the meeting, Coulson glares at him. “I can buy you a watch.”“That’s a nice offer, but I couldn’t possibly accept. What would the other girls think?”“Stark.”“Yes?”Coulson waits until he gets closer and then sighs. “Do we need to have the conversation about sleep again?”“I see we’ve progressed from girlfriend to mother. Interesting.”Coulson rubs his temples. Steve looks across him at Tony, who does seem as though he has missed some sleep lately. He could just be hungover, but there’s tension in the lines on his face. Steve reaches across the table to tap Tony’s arm. “Are you okay?”Tony looks coolly at Steve’s hand until it is removed from his jacket. Tony says, “I’m fine.” He opens his briefcase and slides a folder across to Coulson. “We’re looking at seven billion, and that’s my conservative estimate.”“You already have the design?”“What can I say
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Arguing
Passive-aggression
Friendship
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Angst
Pre-Slash
arc reactor trauma

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

