Chapter 1: Visitors
    




Chapter Text
Skye knew the second that she and Jemma walked through the front door of St. Agnes’ Orphanage that something was up.  Sister Beatrice, one of the nicer nuns, was waiting in the entry, a tight look on her face.
“Jemma, could you come with me?” the sister asked. “There’s someone here to meet you.” That explained it, Skye thought. Yet another foster family had seen Jemma’s file and wanted to take in the well-behaved girl with the sky-high IQ, without knowing the full story. Skye gave Jemma’s hand a quick squeeze and leaned in close to whisper in her ear.
“I’ll be waiting for you upstairs,” she murmured, trying to inject confidence into her voice. She knew Jemma must be terrified. This sort of thing had happened more than once, and every time it did, it didn’t get any easier on Jemma. Foster families were entranced by her file and were eager for an “easy” foster kid, not realizing that Jemma, although brilliant and kind, would not be the poster child they assumed she was. Jemma was painfully shy, and often couldn’t speak in front of anyone besides Skye and a few of the sisters. She had a number of odd habits as well, things she and Skye referred to as her quirks, although many foster families had found them to be more irritating than quirky.
Sister Beatrice gave Jemma a stiff smile, the kind grownups give to kids when they’re faking like everything is okay even though everyone can tell that it’s not, and gestured her towards the door of the main office.
"Just… be yourself, Jemma,” the sister encouraged. Jemma gave Skye a small wave before she disappeared behind the heavy wooden door. Skye waited until the count of ten, then made her way quickly over to the door. Kneeling down on the part of the floor that didn’t creak, Skye held her ear close to the small gap between the bottom of the door and the floor to try and catch snippets of conversation.
“Ah, Sister Beatrice, Jemma, come in,” came the voice of Sister Margaret, the woman in charge of the orphanage. The sound of chairs scraping across the floor made Skye recoil slightly, but she resumed her position as soon as the noise had stopped.
“Jemma, this is Mr. and Mrs. Coulson,” said Sister Margaret. “They were hoping to meet you today. They’d like for you to come and stay with them.” There was an awkward silence. Skye could picture Jemma sitting silently, feeling awkward as all the adults stared at her. A faint tapping sound began to drift under the door, and Skye knew that Jemma had started drumming her right middle finger against the chair leg to try and calm her nerves. Tap-tap-tap. Tap-tap-tap. Tap-tap-tap.
“Hi Jemma.” A man’s voice, gentle and friendly sounding. “I’m Phil, and this is my wife Melinda. Sister Margaret’s told us some wonderful things about you. We’d really like to get to know you.” Tap-tap-tap. Tap-tap-tap. 
“Jemma, can you look at Mr. Coulson while he’s speaking to you?” Tap-tap-tap. Tap-tap-tap.
“Oh, that’s okay Sister Margaret. You’re welcome to look wherever you’re comfortable, Jemma,” said the man. Mr. Coulson, Skye supposed. She was a little surprised at his flexibility. Often foster parents found Jemma’s staring at the floor to count floorboards unappealing.
“Are you counting something, Jemma?” This voice was a woman’s, unfamiliar. It must have belonged to the man’s wife. Skye was impressed that she could tell that Jemma was counting, not just muttering under breath like a crazy person.
“Floorboards,” came the quiet, slightly accented voice of Jemma. She had been raised in England by British parents for several years before moving to the US, and she still retained some of her original accent.
“Jemma’s got quite a mind for math,” Sister Margaret interjected. “She’s always working out numbers in her head.”
“How many floorboards have you counted up so far?” asked the woman, apparently ignoring the harried explanation offered by the nun.
“Thirty-one,” Jemma replied after a beat, her voice small. Skye knew that Jemma must have been debating in her head. The nuns always wanted her to be as normal as possible with potential families, to try and get her fostered, but this couple seemed to be genuinely interested in meeting the real Jemma, floorboards and all.
“Do you like to count other things?” the man asked.
“Sometimes,” Jemma told him. Skye noticed that the tapping sound had stopped. There must be something about these people that made Jemma stay calmer than normal if she could talk to them without tapping.
“Well, Jemma, how would you feel about coming to live with us for a while?” asked the man. “Your social worker, Miss Hand, thinks we might be a good fit. What do you say?” There was a long silence, and the tapping resumed.
“Jemma, you know shrugging is not an acceptable response to a question,” Sister Margaret said crisply. “I’m so sorry, we try to teach the girls manners, but some habits are hard to break.”
“It’s perfectly all right,” the man reassured her. “It’s a big question.”
“And very though
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Bobbi Morse & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Bobbi Morse & Jemma Simmons
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Bobbi Morse

freeform: 
Adoption
adoption au
Foster Care
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Kid Skye | Daisy Johnson
Kid Jemma Simmons
Teen Bobbi Morse
Parent Phil Coulson
Parent Melinda May
Family
philindaisy
lots of other characters too (just in smaller roles)
now officially with a happy ending!

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Bobbi Morse & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Bobbi Morse & Jemma Simmons
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Bobbi Morse

