Chapter 1: Darcy Lewis: Avenger's Incentive
    


Summary:

As jobs go, she can't complain about the benefits...





Chapter Text

“So… uh… Miss Lewis, is it? If you’d just like to go ahead and tell us why you’d like this job…”
Darcy knew it was going to be a hard sell. She couldn’t exactly explain that her application had been borne of the long and abiding desire for money. But then, how did one really convey passion about dishwashing?“Well,” Darcy began as she shifted on the milk crate she was sitting on and plucked an imaginary piece of lint from the knee of her Target pantsuit. “Hygiene and hospitality are, uh, well, they’re easy things to get excited about, right?”
Wrong.
The matchbox office was squirrelled away deep in the bowels of Stark Tower, her interviewer and prospective supervisor Mr Vaiselle kept squirming, one eye wandering toward the high neckline of the pale grey shirt she’d worn beneath her suit. Stark Tower or not, the office was a dive annexed off from the busy industrial kitchen that serviced the five cafeterias in the tower and had none of the polish that the more public areas of the building boasted. Vaiselle also lacked a lot of the suave appeal that Stark Industries was so well known for. His charcoal work pants were ill-fitting, his scuffed leather shoes came to such an extreme point that Darcy figured they’d double as excellent roach killers - not that the gleaming industrial kitchen beyond the office would ever give quarter to cockroaches, Darcy just needed some flight of fancy to transport her from the shitty office and the reality of the job that she’d come to beg for.Why did she want the job? She didn’t, not really. Jane’s meagre grants had long stopped being able to support the both of them and now that Darcy had graduated, all manner of debt and hideous reality snapped at her heels. “You understand, Miss Lewis, that the position is a highly sought after one,” Vaiselle noted as he leaned forward over his desk, one hand pushing his grey-shot hair back from his brow.Darcy had to bite her tongue to stop her from pointing out that any paid position was highly sought after. For a brief second, Darcy considered the possibility that she was about to be invited onto a ‘casting couch’ for a job as a dish-pig. Vaiselle’s phone rang giving her a moment to scan the tiny office and look for a sofa. Not enough space, thank God.On the phone, Vaiselle listened, warbling noises that sounded vaguely like assent as he visibly paled - no mean feat for a guy who clearly didn’t see a lot of sunlight. “Uh huh,” he agreed, “Of course, Ma’am. Now?” His eyes flicked up to Darcy and narrowed. “I’ll send her right away,” he finished, voice dripping with obeisance as he set the phone down.Darcy felt a little uneasy as he pinned her with a curious stare, as if she had somehow been elevated in his estimation.“I regret,” he began as he closed the folder that contained her resume, “that you’ve been unsuccessful in your application, Miss Lewis. However, you are required to attend an interview regarding another matter on 89th floor.”Darcy couldn’t hide her relief as she grabbed her handbag and slipped it over her shoulder. It wasn’t until she was almost at the door that she hesitated and turned back to Vaiselle. “89th floor? The elevator only goes to 87.”“The top four floors are for private use, Miss Lewis. You’ll need to track back to the main reception area where you’ll be redirected to one of the private elevators.”Back in the foyer Darcy briefly considered making a run for it. She had the feeling that working for Vaiselle would have been a nightmare anyway, but her mysterious summons to the lofty heights of the Stark Penthouse? The thought made her a little uneasy. Her gaze slide toward the massive glass doors that opened on to the street. Maybe it would just be smarter to -A pair of broad suited shoulders blocked her view. The heavy-set security guard dangled a pass, her name and image already printed on it, from a black lanyard. “Elevator is this way,” he explained as he gently cupped her elbow and manoeuvred her back around.The elevator ride didn’t give her much time to think things over either. 32 seconds, actually, because if you had access to repulsor technology of course you’d use it to build the world’s fastest freakin’ elevator, right? Still, it was probably for the best that she wasn’t given the time to work herself up to the adequate level of anxiety. Stumbling from the elevator into the path of one immaculately dressed Pepper Potts was all Darcy needed to max out on the anxiety scale.“Shit,” Darcy mumbled as she shuffled forward, desperately trying to not compare her awful pantsuit to Potts’ own pristine white silk pencil skirt and blazer. Pepper only cocked one eyebrow and smiled as she extended one slim, fine-boned hand and took Darcy’s in a surprisingly firm shake.“Darcy, I am very sorry for the change in plans,” Pepper apologized as she turned to lead Darcy away from the foyer, “We haven’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/MCU
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark

freeform: 
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Prostitution
Sex Toys
Dodgy sex things
Maybe some feelings
Mostly the sex though
Porn With Plot
Darcy does the MCU
Breast Fucking
Masturbation

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/MCU
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark

