Work Text:
1.Listening with one ear to the chatter on the Avengers comm. channel, Tony ran scan after scan over the concrete and brickwork in front of him. Each result came back within normal parameters. Normal bricks, normal air temp, normal oxygen levels and normal radiation. It was exactly as an alley on New York’s west side should look.“Any further casualties, Spiderman?” Steve Rogers’ voice was as calm and confident as always. Not even a hint of tension or worry from the Commander despite the ongoing nature of the current crisis.Tony began another round of scans.“Nosireee Bossman. The ‘me’ is trying to get She-Hulk to lift the bus, but she’s a bit pissed at him at the moment. I’m keeping well clear.” Spiderman sounded equally unfazed.Normal. Normal. Normal.“Ms. Marvel you’re hot in one-twenty minutes,” Rogers redirected.“She’s always hot,” Spiderman offered.‘Anomaly detected.’Tony acknowledged the result as Iron Man boosted five feet into the air. The sound of a thousand angry bees filled the air around him.“Iron Man? Countdown in…” Rogers began.“It’s opening. Mark six, seven, eight…” Tony cut himself off as a tangerine ball of light appeared against the bricks and the buzzing increased to uncomfortable levels.“Acknowledged new countdown. They are getting closer together people, keep alert.”Tony ran every type of scan, observation and recording Iron Man was capable of running. The tangerine ball widened into a circle and grew exponentially.“Iron Man, this is Mr. Fantastic. The feed you’re sending us is perfect, hold position as long as possible.” Reed’s voice reflected boundless and mostly inappropriate excitement. As usual.“As long as I don’t get eaten by a dinosaur again, I’ll keep recording.” It didn’t look like dinosaurs beyond the car sized tangerine ring. It looked like an alley in New York on a rainy day.But the alley beyond the portal wasn’t empty.“If you do get eaten again, can you please keep recording?” Spiderman chimed in. “That would be freaky to watch.”Iron Man dropped to the ground as the first stumbling man fell to his knees on the concrete.Tony looked out over a hundred desperate, weary faces.“Refugees. Avengers, I have refugees at portal site thirteen. Iron Man requesting medical response teams and any healers we can spare. Radiation levels are high. I repeat. Radiation levels are high.” Tony lowered the man gently to the ground and stood up to steady another grey-skinned person. “Hurry.”“We’re coming, Iron Man.” Tony didn’t like to admit that the promise in Rogers’ voice made him breathe just that little bit easier.***Retracting his helmet back with a thought, Tony leaned red and gold clad arms onto Reed’s monitor bank.“So, getting closer together?” he asked even though his own readings had confirmed the answer.“Incrementally,” Reed didn’t look up from the two data pads his fingers danced across like a pianist’s. “We still have nineteen portals opening at almost regular intervals. We’ve classified five random portals that Mr. Richards believes are relevant.”If it was any other man, Tony would think they were being dismissive or even snide. With Reed it was just statement of fact.“They are relevant,” the other Reed, from the portal that opened late Sunday afternoon, defended absentmindedly. “As you know Tony, nothing is truly random. We can force randomness but it never occurs in nature. These ‘other’ portals are the key, it’ll just take me a little bit longer to determine why.”“Important or not, we’ve had no luck preventing a portal occurring or keeping one open.” Tony opened a link to Reed’s hardware and began downloading the results of his many scans. “The nineteen keep leaping about to other universes. I’ve lost track of all the Avengers we’re communicating with, although that’s nothing compared to the ones that don’t have superheroes.”“Odd, isn’t it?” Mr. Fantastic’s head asked absently from underneath his knee.With two Reeds at work in one room it looked like an excessively blue game of Twister…by Dali.“They think we’re awesome, especially when they see McCoy. Most of the other worlds believe the portals open randomly but that’s only because no-one has found the pattern yet.” Tony held up a gauntlet to forestall a further iteration of the ‘nothing is random’ discussion. “We’re currently identifying each parallel world as it opens, but not everyone uses the same system as we do.” He grinned at ‘his’ Reed. “Your numbering system is whacked.”“Blame the omniverse. I don’t even know who’s in charge of that at the moment. Merlin maybe?” Reed continued to type with one elongated hand and tapped his chin thoughtfully with the other.The door to the command centre in the Baxter Building opened to admit Steve Rogers, leader of the Avengers and all-around fine example of humanity. Tall, blond and gorgeous, he was once one of Tony’s closest friends, and now they could barely stand to be in the same room together. The sun coming through a skylight glinted momentarily off the sleek, red, StarkT
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Additional Warnings Apply - See end notes.

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

