Work Text:
The bar was fairly busy, and Steve wanted to be anywhere but there. The press of bodies, booze and bad aftershave were making him feel light-headed already, and he’d only had once watered down beer since he arrived. It had been Sam’s idea – his best friend thought that Steve needed to get out of the house.The fact that Steve had been out of the house didn’t seem to count – work, dinner with Peggy, the art class that he’d signed up for when he found his work as an office drone completely unsatisfying. Those things didn’t count to Sam. He saw that Steve had broken up with his boyfriend and thought that the only option to cheer him up was to go out. Out out. Out to a bar like ‘Red Room’ where there were too many people and Steve was getting crushed, stood on, ignored or all three at the same time. Sam was having a better time, but Sam wasn’t 5’2 and easy to forget like Steve was.Sam was his best friend though, and Steve owed him big time for pretty much sticking by his side through a pretty crappy relationship, so he’d let himself get dressed up in his tight jeans and a red shirt and he’d even put his contact lenses in (which he didn’t like much, but he wasn’t risking smashing his glasses in this place) and he’d agreed that, yeah, he was totally over Brock.Red Room was exactly the kind of place Brock loved and Steve hated. The music was big on bass and strobe lighting, the drinks were shockingly overpriced (even for New York) and the floors were sticky. The only saving grace was that it was fairly easy to get into – the bouncers at the door didn’t care much about how many people they let in, and ID’s were only glanced at. Being that Steve still looked like he was in high school – despite being almost 30 – he appreciated not getting a ‘really?’ whenever someone looked at his ID.As he made his way back from the bar, he noticed the mass of bodies on the dance floor, and he frowned. He was pretty sure he’d seen Brock, but the whole place was full of large, muscular men and Steve was still a bit raw from the break-up. His mind was playing tricks on him, probably.Sam was chatting to a very attractive red-headed woman, his white shirt and dark skin contrasting well with her black dress and milky complexion, and Steve was suddenly unsure if he should interrupt – Sam was obviously having a good time and Steve didn’t want to make the whole thing awkward by marching up and plopping a drink down on the table. So he stood back a little, holding two beers and trying not to feel like a total loser – alone in a crowded room.Red Room wasn’t where Steve wanted to be. He’d much rather be at somewhere quieter, somewhere the music had lyrics and the drinks weren’t obviously watered down. His local bar, Howling Commandos was his type of place, but Sam had vetoed that – they were going out, and Commandos was an old man bar. The fact that most of the people there were young and pretty cool didn’t count – the music came from live bands or the old jukebox and Steve loved it. He’d met Peggy there, standing at the bar in a red dress that had his jaw hitting the floor. Of course, she still made his jaw hit the floor no matter what she wore, but he’ll never forget that first meeting.If Commandos was out, Steve had hoped that they’d go to Shield – harder to get into, that was for sure, but the music was better and the drinks weren’t as expensive. Steve liked it there; it was where he’d met Brock. Of course, looking back, that wasn’t exactly the most glowing recommendation – because it turned out Brock was a total asshole, but at least it wasn’t the Red Room. They were all gleaming chrome and white surfaces, the bar staff knew how to smile and the music was a good mix of pop and dance tunes that could actually fill the floor with something other than a mosh pit.Sam was still talking to the red-headed woman, and Steve tried to remember what Red Room reminded him of. Every time Brock took him out they’d ended up at Red Room, and there was something about the place that Steve didn’t like. It reminded him of something…Sam must have noticed him standing a bit away and was now signalling him over, a big smile on his face. “Steve!” He shouted, when he’d gotten within ear shot. “This is Natasha! She works here!”“Hi!” Steve said, louder than normal, because how else were you supposed to talk in this joint?“You having a good time tonight?” She asked, smiling at him before slipping an arm around Sam’s shoulder. Steve nodded politely as Sam grinned widely. For some reason he got the impression that Natasha knew he was lying as she smirked at him, so he just shrugged. That made her smile, and her eyes, which had been a little hard, softened just for a moment. “It’s hell.” She agreed. “It’s my last night here, so screw these guys, huh?” She smiled, before pulling away. She winked at Sam before slipping off the stool she’d been perched on, and Steve was pretty sure that Sam would have fallen over if he’d not been leaning on the table. “See you la
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow (past)

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Clubbing
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Self-Esteem Issues
previous unhealthy relationship
Kissing
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow (past)

