Chapter 1



Notes:
This is the first chapter in what will probably be my longest story to date. I've been working on and off on this for months so there will be regular updates, please bookmark and tell me what you reckon :)Thank you all for reading. The song lyrics are from '(after) life of the party' by fall out boy

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

I'm a stitch away from making it
and a scar away from falling apart, apart
Blood cells pixelate and eyes dilate
and the full moon pills got me out on the street at night…

 HYDRA had infiltrated one of their labs and was holding everybody hostage, and had been for just under a week now. They were trying to steal some technology they thought was there, but it had gone haywire. The situation was critical, at this stage. Steve knew that they’d make good on their threats to start killing hostages, and they had to get them out as soon as possible.The laboratory was supposed to be in a secret location. It had high fences and gates, it was off a single-lane road about twenty miles from the nearest town in the backend of New Hampshire. It was a tricky place to get to. It should have been secure.Steve had rounded up the best team he could for such a sensitive circumstance. Natasha and Clint were there, as was Thor and Tony, but Bruce was not. Bruce and Steve had both agreed that the situation was far too dangerous for the Hulk to make an appearance. In Banner’s own words, he might kill the hostages, too. They couldn’t be certain. So he made himself scarce.Bucky and Sam had turned up at the last minute, making haste from a situation they’d been handling in New York. Jessica and Carol were otherwise occupied, but they had a few others, some ‘friends’ that Natasha had rounded up as a tactical response unit. They would help to take care of the HYDRA agents.They gathered to go over what they were going to do, and Steve began asking about numbers. “Exactly how many hostages are there? Do we know?”“Twelve,” replied Natasha, picking up an employee list off the table to pass to him. “We got this from the security system. One or two might have managed to get out but it’s not likely, if we haven’t found them by now.”Steve’s eyes skimmed the list, checking the designations. There were no omegas, which was lucky. An omega would just throw a spanner in the works in a hostage situation. “Anybody with disabilities, powers, anything like that?”Natasha shook her head, but Thor spoke up instead.“A friend of mine is inside. Jane worries for her,” he said, keeping his voice low. “She could be in trouble.”“Probably,” said Clint sarcastically, but Thor shook his head.“Darcy has a quick temper and a sharp tongue. I worry that she might have stirred even more trouble for herself.”Steve nodded. He knew of Darcy, even if they'd never officially be introduced. “If it all goes well we’ll get her and the others out in no time. Clint will take out the guys on the roof and at the front gate, which should draw a few more out. Bucky, Natasha, you deal with them, make your way through the lab and take out any hostiles with Nat’s team. Sam, Tony, you take perimeter watch, take down anyone who reveals themselves or tries to make a run for it. Use the ICERS where possible, we want to take as many in as we can. Stark, get JARVIS to run faces to see if we can identify any of them. Thor and I will go in the fire exit round the back, try to take out whoever is inside and get the hostages out.”They checked their lines and intercoms before moving out, keeping quiet and moving through the darkness into position. Steve thought that Clint was going to find a high spot, but given the lack of buildings, trees, and cranes, he was grounded. Not that it mattered, Clint could still hit a guy from wherever he stood. He told the captain on the intercom he’d climb the gate once he’d taken out the sniper, and they’d be fine.When Steve and Thor were finally in place, Steve said softly, “Alright. Stark and Falcon, wait for Clint’s signal, then get into position.”Clint notched an arrow into his bow, and began.
 Darcy’s hand slipped into her pocket. Her fingers pressed against the empty spaces where there had been pills, and she counted them again.It had been six days since they were infiltrated and taken hostage. Yesterday, on the fifth day, she had taken her last suppressant. She had been keeping her eyes on the clock on the wall, and she knew it had been almost twenty hours since the last pill.She didn’t want to think about what might happen. But she did anyway, and her chest grew tight with fear and her stomach felt empty and awful and churned like she was about to be sick.She thought it was just nerves, but it turned out she was actually nauseous. She threw up not long after, reaching for the bin and emptying her stomach, though it was mostly bile. It burned her throat and made her eyes water. The HYDRA agents watching them flinched when she moved, hands moving to the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha!Steve
Beta!Bucky
omega!Darcy
Self-Esteem Issues
Hostage Situation
Eventual Smut
eventual OT3
rated for language
this is going to be a very long fic so stay tuned
rated for explicit sexual content
aw yeah
Omega Verse

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

