Work Text:
Their first stop after they set foot on the landing pad at Stark Tower was Tony’s workshop. Bucky had actually dozed for much of the flight, and when he woke he looked, to Steve, shaky and vaguely nauseated. If he could have, he probably would have slipped off to be alone. Steve wanted to let him, but he also really needed to keep Tony in their corner if he could.Still, watching Bucky grip his elbows tighter and tighter as the elevator descended, he had to give Bucky the out. “We can wait on this if you want. I’m sure Tony will understand-” Bucky cut him off.“His girlfriend lives in the building with him, you said. I get it. I’ll let him check me out.” He pinned Steve with a stare. “Just- you be ready to take me down, okay? I used to- I hurt a lot of techs. I don’t do so good in labs.”“Well then,” Sam said warmly, “it’s a good thing Stark doesn’t have a lab so much as a - well, you’ll see.”It was true: Tony’s workshop didn’t have a single sterile white surface to be seen. The overall impression was more that of an auto garage from a science fiction novel than anything, all disassembled machines and holographic displays. Bucky relaxed visibly the minute they stepped out of the elevator, looking around curiously. When one of Stark’s weird little one-armed robots rolled up to him, he actually smiled.“Would you look at that. Hey there, little fella.” The bot spun its appendage, making a whirring, squeaking noise, then reached towards Bucky’s metal arm and made grabby motions. Bucky lifted his hand and touched his fingers to the bot’s with a gentle clink. It rolled back and whirred louder.“DUM-E! Can you not?” Tony popped up from behind an engine block. “Ignore him, he’s even less trainable than these two.” He motioned behind him, where two more robots, almost indistinguishable from the first, were holding a flashlight and a toolbox respectively. At his words they dropped both and rolled over as well. Tony roared, “Butterfingers! U! Do not crowd the veterans!” They stopped some distance away, appendages drooping forlornly.“I don’t mind,” Bucky said quietly, and stepped forward to ‘shake hands’ with those two robots as well. One started jerking its appendage up and down, and the other vibrated its chassis a little. Tony smacked his forehead, leaving a large grease stain, cursed and picked up a filthy towel. He walked up to them, wiping his hands. Between the black muscle shirt and the engine grease, he looked about as unlike a lab tech as it was possible to get; it almost compensated for the way his sharp eyes were focused on Bucky like he could see inside him.“The soldiers return! Welcome to Stark Tower; I’ll be your host for the duration.” He waved at the ceiling. “JARVIS you know, and these buckets of bolts have introduced themselves already, so.” He very deliberately held out his left hand. "Tony Stark."Bucky, face carefully blank, shook Tony's hand in his metal one. "James Barnes." Tony didn't break eye contact, and dropped his hand the instant Bucky loosened his grip."You know why I asked you down here?""Yeah." Bucky looked at the floor. "You want to scan my arm." His hands twitched like he wanted to grab his elbows again."Au contraire, Bucky Bear." Steve rolled his eyes; Tony ignored him. "Call me crazy, but I want to have as little as possible in common with the guys you just spent six months wiping off the map. No, I want JARVIS to scan you, confirm to me the hypothesis that you're free of booby traps - because again, I'd think six months in the wind is plenty of time for one to go off if it's going to - and then delete the data."Bucky blinked. "You'd do that?""Your arm is a thing of beauty and a joy to behold, but I'm happy just beholding it until you ask me to look it over and make suggestions." Tony tucked his chin slightly and raised his eyebrows. "Deal?"Bucky blew out a breath and gave Tony a jerky little nod. "Deal."Tony rolled his shoulders and turned back towards the engine block he'd been working. "JARVIS, would you do the honors?""Captain Rogers, Sam, if you would kindly step away from Sergeant Barnes, please? And Sergeant, please hold your arms straight out to your sides for just a moment." Bucky did so, stiffening when a lattice of light began to play over his body - his whole body, not just his left arm."Why are you scanning the rest of him?" asked Steve. Bucky answered before Tony or JARVIS could:"A failsafe could be inserted anywhere. A bomb especially would be better placed anywhere but my arm; the chassis is pretty tough." Steve shuddered. Sam winced.The scan lasted maybe thirty seconds. "Analyzing," said JARVIS, and then, "Sergeant Barnes contains no implanted explosives, drug reservoirs, or any other devices identifiable as immediate threats to himself or others. Data deleted." Bucky let his hands fall to his sides, breathing a sigh of relief. Steve could see Sam relaxing as well."Good to hear!" shouted Tony over the sound of a grinder. "JARVIS can show you to your floor now.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Hand Jobs
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Dirty Talk
Comfort Food
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Switching
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Weight Gain
POV Steve Rogers
Table Sex
Wall Sex
Mirror Sex
chubby bucky
Rimming
Comeplay

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

