Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 Jotunheim: The Distant Past 
Quietly she appeared, pulled by the soft cries of the infant hidden next to the altar on which sat the Casket of Ancient Winters. “This one’s special.” She said, looking at the three figures that stood behind the altar looking at him. Their figures were indistinct enough to be indistinguishable from one another were it not for the flames that sparked in the center of their torsos.“Yes, this one is of Ymir’s blood, born of the blessing of Yggdrsil.” The red spark flared as Urðr’s words reached her ears.“I can feel the seidr, and astonishing as it is, I sense more to him than even that.”, she said.Blue flames flared as Verðandi spoke, “That would be the Chaos and Fire that seem to have found home in him, son of Ice though he is.”It was more than that, hard to notice but she could feel the shadow of something ancient, as old as her, perhaps older. She didn’t comment, thinking to herself that she would have to keep her eye over this one.She looked around at the corpses of his guards and caretakers, their souls now hers to keep. “Do you guard him? Or are you here to mete out punishment to the Æsir for shedding blood in your Temple?” Green flames pulsed as Skuld’s voice echoed in the broken down halls, “We keep guard until his journey begins and when he fulfills his destiny, we will have our retribution.”Lady Death looked into the veil behind her eyes and saw the paths this little one's thread was laid out to follow in the tapestry. All leading towards an inferno. And even as her anger stirred she noticed how, every now and then the thread swayed off the paths, its colour faded as if swallowed by shadows. A tiny smile flitted on her lips as she inclined her head towards the three and disappeared.“What have you seen?” Hel asked as she appeared on the hill overlooking her domain. “illr er dómr norna.” (the Norns' doom is evil) she said, “But the endless exercise of creating cycles of birth, growth and death for the Nine Realms has bound them to stagnancy and they can no longer see.”Eyes widening Hel asked, “What is it that not even Skuld can see my Lady?” She smiled slowly, cruelly, even as her eyes glimmered with amusement. “Chaos, they have forgotten its power and its unwillingness to be tamed.” 
 Svartalfheim: Present Day 
For one blissful moment everything was dark, every sensation gone and in the next he felt as if he were being submerged in an endless pool of icy water. He felt himself being pushed deeper and deeper, felt his body fight for air, struggling to keep his mouth closed even as his mind screamed. And as he failed, opening his mouth he felt not water but icy winds on his tongue and opened his eyes with a gasp.Mind muddled but whirring, looking into the orange sky above him, multiple events rushed through his mind. Letting go at the Bifrost, being tortured by the Other, the farce on Midgard, Odin’s second betrayal, Mothers death, Svartalfheim; the blade in his chest. And as if summoned by the thought pain flared in his chest even as the sand in the air made it harder to breathe.Norns! Did Thor not even have it in his heart to leave his corpse away from the elements? Well after a lifetime of being used and cast aside, after being denied respect at every turn. After being told clearly that no kinship remained, he should have expected this. This here was the result of sentiment and misplaced loyalty. At least he had managed to avenge her by taking that foul beast’s life in return. By all rights he should be dead and yet even now the pain was ebbing.Brows furrowed, slowly lifting himself off the ground Loki looked down at his chest. A thick band of blue seidr clung to a rapidly healing wound. Heart beating faster, looking up sharply, he ran his eyes over his surroundings trying to find the caster. No, no, no, no! Not again his mind screamed as he recalled the last time he had been “saved”.  Breathing as deeply as he could, he tried to collect his seidr in preparation to defend himself. The pain in his chest flared and he heard a voice whisper, “I’d rather you didn’t do that.” Eyes searching for the source, he cleared his throat and said, “Show yourself, I would know who you are.”Slowly before his eyes the dust in the air started coalescing into a figure cloaked in black, her face sharp boned with skin that looked like mists and as Loki looked into her eyes that seemed to hold an endless dark, for once in his life he was almost speechless. Lips curling into a smile Lady Death asked, “I wondered if you would recognize me.”His eyebrows folding together, but head lowering in deference he replied, “I do my lady, but I don’t understand, why you haven’t taken me.”She tilted her head down, her eyes burning into his soul as she studied him. She could see Yggdrsil’s pulse in the magic flowing through him joined by powers both ancient and eternal, Laufey’s lost son, Odin’s stolen son. Raised in a shadow, cast aside for his bright brother. A tool the blinded 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Loki (Marvel)-centric
BAMF Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Hurt/Comfort
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Warning: Loki (Marvel)
Loki and Thor Are Not Related
Magic-Users
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Oblivious Thor (Marvel)
Tony Stark Has Issues
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Mythology - Freeform
POV Loki (Marvel)
POV Tony Stark
FrostIron - Freeform
Canon Divergence - Post-Thor: The Dark World
Post-Thor: The Dark World
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Getting to Know Each Other
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Angst and Feels
Canon-Typical Violence
The Tesseract (Marvel)
Rebuilding
Elemental Magic
POV Multiple
Hurt Tony Stark
Yggdrasil - Freeform
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Lightly edited Tolkein quote
I'm Sorry Tolkien
Not Canon Compliant
Hel is not Loki or Odins daughter
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Alien Character(s)
Muspellsheimr | Muspelsheim
POV Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Pre-Loki/Tony Stark
Eventual Loki/Tony Stark
Infinity Gems
Minor Character Death
Major Character Injury
Character Death
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark

