Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky’s been rubbing Steve's prostate with two fingers for twenty minutes, both of them hard, dicks gleaming with preejaculate. He shifts restlessly and whines. Bucky, smiling fondly down at him, pushes his hair back from his forehead as Bucky slips a third finger inside. He’s more than ready. Narrows his eyes at Bucky and nudges the inside of Bucky’s elbow with his foot, easing off of Bucky’s digits.Bucky’s eyebrow lifts as Steve pushes at him and he goes down with a chuckle of Steve’s name. He straddles Bucky’s lap, hurriedly guiding Bucky’s thick cock between his cheeks and slowly sinking down. Makes sure to draw out the pleasure of that initial stretch, taking nearly a minute to bury Bucky to the hilt.Steve arches his back, barely rocking on Bucky’s lap as he slides his hands through his own hair. Fists his hands in the soft strands as he uses Bucky’s cock. Bucky grips his thighs, teeth grinding across his lower lip, reverently watching him fuck himself on Bucky’s dick. Lets him guide the pace as he dips and rolls his body.Bucky rubs his thumbs over the sensitive skin beneath his hip bones and he moans. One hand slides down to the join of his neck and shoulder, curling there as Steve wraps the other around his dick. He could come with a few strokes; Bucky’d been doing his damnedest to fingerfuck him over the edge. The hot pressure of Bucky inside him makes him groan, rhythm perfect because he’s the one in control.He squeezes Bucky between his thighs, hand sliding lower to work over his pec. Pinches and twists his nipple, Bucky cursing beneath him. Bucky smooths his hands up his rippling abdomen, fingers tapping out over the ridges of muscle. Steve shivers and catches Bucky’s hand, bringing it up to his chest and urging Bucky to take over.Steve reaches behind him and folds his palm over Bucky’s thigh. Balances there as he bucks into the tight circle of his fingers and back onto Bucky’s cock.Bucky starts talking then, and Steve knows that Bucky’s nearing his peak. He is, too. Gut hot with his impending climax. Body numb, but every nerve tightly coiled, ready to release every lovely sensation when he comes.“Jesus, baby doll, so fuckin’ gorgeous riding me,” says Bucky, massaging Steve’s pecs and then dragging his nails down Steve’s side. Squeezes Steve’s hips and helps guide his movements. Steve quickens the pivot of his hips, letting go of his dick and bracing himself on his palms either side of Bucky’s head. “God yes, get yourself off on me. Let me see you come on just my cock, Stevie.”Steve swallows hard, keeping Bucky buried deep and grinding on Bucky’s lap. Bucky squeezes his ass and he exhales sharply. Gets his hands in Bucky’s long hair and curls over him, muffling his moans in Bucky’s open mouth.“That’s it, baby. C’mon, Steve. Feel so fuckin’ good,” whispers Bucky, teasing a metal finger around the rim of Steve’s hole. Slides his other hand up and down Steve’s spine.Steve hides his face against Bucky’s throat, catching the sweat slick skin between his teeth and sucking hard. Bucky cries out against his temple, metal finger slipping in alongside Bucky’s cock and he comes. Spills hot and slick all over Bucky’s belly as he pants into Bucky’s neck.“Buck, god,” he whispers, rubbing his cheek along Bucky’s jawline. Bucky grinds up into him and Steve straightens, curling their fingers together before pinning Bucky’s hands at his sides. He sucks in a deep breath and bounces on Bucky’s dick.“Jesus Christ, Stevie,” groans Bucky, squeezing Steve’s fingers and rocking into Steve with each fall of Steve’s hips.“Fuck yes, Buck. Jesus, so hard and big inside me. Wanna feel you come,” says Steve, clenching around Bucky’s dick, “get me all messy and feel that you’ve been there.”Bucky growls and shakes free from Steve’s grasp. Curls his hands around Steve’s neck and tugs him down into a fierce kiss. He drags his teeth across Steve’s bottom lip, pushing his thumb into the hinge of Steve’s jaw until Steve’s mouth falls open on a gasp. Slides their tongues together and fucks up into Steve, swallowing Steve’s breathless moans.“Bucky,” whispers Steve, voice raw as Bucky nips at his lips. “Buck, come for me.”Bucky does, has to when Steve so sweetly demands it of him. He fills Steve and curses, release dripping out around his cock as he slows his movements.“Mm,” hums Steve, kissing Bucky’s chin and then the side of Bucky’s nose. Stays seated on Bucky’s lap for two deep kisses and then lifts off of Bucky’s cock. He resettles, Bucky’s dick slick and half-hard beside his own.“You good?” asks Bucky, rubbing Steve’s thighs, thumbs sliding along Steve’s hardening cock.“No,” answers Steve, clenching his jaw so he doesn’t smile at Bucky’s raised brows.“No?” repeats Bucky, lurching upright and tipping Steve onto his back. Gets his hands under Steve’s thighs and spreads Steve’s legs. He kisses Steve’s knee and smirks. “Guess we’ll need to give it another go,” he says, grabbing the lube and winking, “but thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Barebacking
Bottom Steve
Endearments
Present Tense
Felching
Snowballing
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

