Chapter 1



Notes:
So this was originally going to be part of the Steve/Bucky BigBang. I started writing it in May with Rosie as my lovely Beta, and then I remembered that I was graduating from college and needed to find a job so it fell to the wayside. So I'm posting the first two chapters (or maybe just the first, idk yet) that I did complete. Once I'm finished with my Hell's Kitchen AU, I plan to continue working on this.Title from the song "Coming Home Part II" by Skylar Grey.




Chapter Text
It’s three in the afternoon and the diner is empty except for Steve and Sam who are in the booth farthest from the door. Steve leans forward over a file that contains all the information they have on the Winter Soldier. It’s thorough and full of valuable information.At least, Steve imagines it is because he can’t read Russian and there’s only so much a few blurry black and white photos can tell him. Still, he’s perused the thing a dozen times, as if willing himself to understand the foreign characters will be enough to figure out what the hell they did to Bucky.And, hopefully, where the hell Bucky is now.It’s times like these that Steve genuinely misses SHIELD. They’d have a translator on staff, but given that much of SHIELD was actually Hydra, Steve’s not willing to have anyone look at it.Sam lets out a breath for the fourth time in the past 30 minutes and finally Steve looks up at him.“Look, man, you’re not gonna learn anything from that thing you haven’t already,” Sam says.Steve shuts the file with a huff just as the waitress – Janice, Steve thinks – returns with their food: a huge breakfast platter for Sam and three huge breakfast platters for Steve. Janice doesn’t even blink, which makes Steve wonder what a person has to see in their life to not be fazed by a single man eating three meals in one sitting.Sam doesn’t even raise an eyebrow. It’s been five weeks, so he’s used to the ungodly amounts of food Steve eats now. They dig in.Steve presses a button on his phone and the screen lights up. No messages.“Still no news from Natasha, huh?” Sam asks, giving Steve a knowing look.Steve shakes his head.“Any idea how long she’ll be off the radar?”“As long as it takes to reinvent herself?” Steve shrugs. He has no idea, honestly, and he’s beginning to think this half-road trip, half-scouting mission is pointless. Without someone with a little more knowledge than a war vet and a super soldier with ties to an intelligence agency that no longer exists have, what had they really hoped to accomplish?“We could always follow Fury’s advice,” Sam says. He stops chewing and Steve can feel Sam watching him carefully, waiting for a reaction. But Steve knows this has been coming. Ever since Brooklyn…Brooklyn was Steve’s last bet and he was so sure Bucky would be there it genuinely hurt when there was no sign of him. Steve had gone back to their childhood homes, their school, their old apartment, the one-bedroom glorified hostel they’d had together in their late teens, every spare penny gone into Steve’s art classes at the local college. Now that building was almost nice, part of a larger set of office buildings that were currently being renovated and therefore vacant when Sam and Steve arrived.It had given Steve hope that maybe Bucky had gone back, had found some familiarity and made his way there, to the city they grew up in. It was all for naught. If Bucky had been there, he’d left no sign and everyone they’d talked to – and Steve made sure to talk to everyone he could find, much to Sam’s chagrin – hadn’t seen anyone of Bucky’s description.Going off of nothing more than the belief that Bucky had remembered something about himself wasn’t giving them answers, so maybe Sam was right. Maybe they should listen to Fury, even if following Fury’s intel meant giving up the hope that the person wandering around was his best friend and not some mindless assassin without a mission.“I think you’re right,” Steve says and he sees Sam physically relax and stab some scrambled egg with his fork.“Fury’s intel should lead us to some answers, if not to the guy himself,” Sam says with a bit more optimism than should be allowed, given the likelihood of this actually turning up a real lead. Still, it’s better than doing nothing, which is what Steve feels like they’re doing now.“He sent the coordinates to my phone,” Steve says, taking a too-big bite of pancake. “We can leave tonight if you’re up for it.” His words are muffled around food and Sam barely resists rolling his eyes.“Yeah, I’m up for it. Waterville, Maine, here we come.” 


The Knotty Pine Motel.“There could not be a better place,” Sam quotes the sign in the front that’s been whitewashed by the ocean breeze. He stretches his arms over his head and there are a few audible pops to which Steve raises an eyebrow.“Hey, not all of us were built for four-hour drives in the middle of the night,” Sam says and Steve only feels bad for a moment. This trip isn’t about either of them and they both know tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Hurt/Comfort
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
dissociative disorder
Minor Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Period-Typical Homophobia
Slow Burn
Smut
Flashbacks
Find and Fix
Internalized Homophobia
Red Room
Hydra (Marvel)
Court Martial
Bottom Bucky
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Therapy
Panic Attacks
The Met
Blow Jobs
Sickfic
Memory Loss
Clones
The World's Fair
Denial
Kidnapping
Minor Original Character(s)
Artist Steve Rogers
First Kiss
Bucky Barnes's Notebooks
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Switching

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

