Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Steve watched Tony’s body in the hospital bed.
He did feel a bit guilty for doing that, but Tony called this on himself, he should have never attacked Bucky.
After Siberia, he and Bucky were saved by SHIELD, Natasha was already there. They went and saved the others from the Raft, and Steve killed that bastard Ross.
He had to be Hydra anyway. Even his daughter wanted nothing to do with him.
Steve did the right thing.
After he and his team where on the jet. Fury asked where Tony was. 
Steve just told them the truth, the team was furious.
But Fury said they are going to get him.
“Stark proved he is to dangerous to be left alone, we need to keep him at bay.”
Everyone agreed at that, they had to keep up Tony at bay, and they can’t leave him with yes man like Rhodes and Potts.
When they arrived, they were greeted by a almost dead Tony.
Steve had no idea he did so much damage.
Sam confronted him about it. He said Steve had no right to do what he did, that he should just have held Tony down, disable the suit, but not do that much damage. 
Steve will apologize to Tony for that, he might have exceded himself.
Of course that will be after Tony apologizes to all of them from what he has done.
Steve knows it will be hard, but at the end of the day, they are a family, and they will be back to the way they were.
 
 
 
 
“So what’s the plan with the asshole ?” Clint said.
“We will have to keep him at the base. After he recovers we willl have to lock him up to avoid any communication. Lang being out there is enough.”
Scott had not come with them, he stayed on the Raft to deal with his problems, the right way. Steve can’t understand, Steve is doimg the right thing, the Accords have to be stopped.
He saved Bucky from them, that’s the first step.
He looked at him with a smile, Bucky didn’t respond.
“We are keeping a watch on him, if he says something we are ready.” Hill said,
“What will you do when Tony gets conscious again ?”
“He will be given the choice to work on your gear, as well as get rid of the Accords. If he cooperates we can talk about giving him more freedoms.”
“Stark won’t cooperate.” Wanda said. “He deserves to rot in that cell.”
“I second that.” Clint said.
“I disagree with that. Even if he did mistakes he doesn’t deserve this.” Sam said.
“Sam, we have to keep Tony, in check, if we don’t then things will be worst.” Nat said.
Steve has to agree.
“Don’t worry guys, I will make Tony see reason, and then everything will be back to the way it was.”
“I hope Rogers, now....”
BOOM!
A explosion shook everything.
“Impossible, we made sure to cut all comunication !”
Steve ran to where Tony was.
He was gone, a big hole in the wall. 
“Mother fucker !” Clint screamed.
“Avoiding consequences like always.” Natasha growled.
“Fuck.” Fury said.
Steve just watched the hall. 
What the hell happened, and the biggest question.
Who did it ?
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tony woke up with a bit of difficulty.
“What the ?”
“Carefull, your arm is hurt, don’t get it worst.”
Wait a second.
That voice... wasn’t he dead.
He looked and was shocked at what he saw.
“Phil ?”
“Hello Tony.” Phil greeted his old friend.
It’s no secret thst despite Tony not liking SHIELD, he liked and trusted Phil, mostly because the man genuinely cares and wants to do good.
“But didn’t Loki ?”
“Yes, But Fury used many questionable methods and also very painful ones to bring me back. It’s the main reason that I am not loyal to him anymore. I’m also a Captain America hater now, after what he did, all those lifes lost in the info dump.”
Phil dropped his head, remembering the lifes he couldn’t safe.
“Well thank you for saving me from Siberia.”
“Siberia ? Tony. Rogers, Fury, and the others kidnapped you, they wanted to lock you in a cell so they could force you to do their demands. Lucky for us I got a true master hacker, not like Natasha, that allowed us to safe you. She is also a great fan of you.”
Tony froze at that.
“What about Pepper, Rhodey, will....”
“They are safe. That is what my new SHIELD does. We don’t care for power or manipulating. We stand by one idea, to save lifes and protect others.”
He helped Tony stand up.
“Welcome Tony, to the one true SHIELD.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Tony Stark
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Phil Coulson/Rosalind Price
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Lincoln Campbell/James Bucky Barnes
Bruce Banner/Christine Palmer
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Hope Van Dyne
Maggie Lang/Scott Lang

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Skye | Daisy Johnson
Protective Skye | Daisy Johnson
BAMF Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson Is a Good Bro
Alphonso "Mack" Mackenzie Is a Good Bro
Melinda May Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Evil Grant Ward
Even though he is one of my favorite characters
Not old SHIELD friendly
Good SHIELD vs Bad SHIELD
Follows Season 3
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
IronQuake
Sam Wilson Redemption

fandom: 
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Tony Stark
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Phil Coulson/Rosalind Price
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Lincoln Campbell/James Bucky Barnes
Bruce Banner/Christine Palmer
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Hope Van Dyne
Maggie Lang/Scott Lang

