Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They meet late at night, among the little waterfalls that mark the FDR Memorial. "Sebastian Shaw," Moira says, setting the file down on the bench beside her. Alex is the one who takes it, she notes; Erik just goes very still, his eyes shadowed. "Need I say more?""The CIA actually got a lead on the bastard?" Alex asks incredulously, already flipping through the file. He has to squint to read in the darkness. "It's been more than two years--""We have a mole within his organization." Moira keeps her eyes on Erik, warily waiting for a reaction. "We couldn't risk them breaking cover, but they managed to reach out to us last week. There's a very narrow time frame on this. Shaw will be in Havana in two weeks. We can't arrest him--""As though the man is entitled to due process," Erik interrupts with a snort. His voice is very low.Moira pinches the bridge of her nose, willing the headache away. She really hasn't missed Erik Lehnsherr these past two years. "As it happens, I agree, but the law's the law. And the CIA can't just make people disappear, Erik. Especially not prominent international businessmen.""You mean you still haven't found any hard evidence of his wrongdoings? Extortion, kidnapping, illegal dream trafficking, not to mention outright murder--""None of that would stand up in a court of law," Moira says wearily. "And you know it. And men like Shaw tend to have insurance policies, so if his corpse were to wash up on a Cuban beach--"Erik gives her a shark-like smile. "You assume there would be anything left of him to find.""He has information that we need, and we need him alive to extract it," Moira says, and there it is: the job is on the table.Extraction."My team, my rules," Erik says at once. "I pick my own people, and that means no interference from your government whatsoever."Moira knows full well that many of the sharpest minds in dreamsharing operate well outside the various military programs in which it had initiated. There's simply too much cash to be made in illegal extraction, and none at all in government work.Erik had never cared about the money, before. It was part of what made him such an excellent asset. But things have changed, since -- well."I called you because I wanted the best people on this," she tells him, keeping her tone brisk and professional. "You can run the job however you like, so long as you give us results.""Results," Erik drawls. "Indeed. I'll also need access to your mole."Moira gestures to the folder in Alex's hand. "That's all the intel they've given us so far. I'll make sure you see anything else they send, but you know I can't reveal their identity. They're no good to you dead.""We'll still need to know before the job." This time it's Alex. He doesn't look a day older than when Moira last saw him, but he's changed, too. He's -- quieter. More settled. And there's a weariness in his eyes that belies his youthful face.Keeping Erik in check for two years -- well, there aren't many who would stick it out. No wonder he's tired."We could use a man on the inside to physically get to Shaw for the extraction itself," Alex goes on. "And I wouldn't want to take out one of the good guys by mistake."Moira nods reluctantly. "I'll take that upstairs. It should be resolved by the time we get to the point where need to know applies.""See that it is," Erik says. He glances at Alex, who nods and tucks the file under his arm. "And now we have a great deal to do in a very little time. Have a good night, Moira." With a poisonous smile, he adds, "Sweet dreams."Moira shakes her head, watching them walk away. She hasn't had a single dream in more than two years.*Like most jobs, it starts simple: they need a plan, which means they need an architect. Alex finds Sean in Chicago, scoping out jellyfish at the Shedd Aquarium. "Please tell me you're not planning a heist in here."Sean doesn't even twitch at Alex's voice right behind him, just smiles, slow and lazy. "Nah, man, you ever try to get tropical fish through Customs? So not worth the hassle."There's almost definitely a story there. Alex is pretty sure he doesn't want to hear it."Speaking of things that aren't worth the hassle," Sean adds, slanting a glance over, "the answer is no.""You haven't heard the offer yet.""You're still running point for Lehnsherr, right?"Alex keeps his face impassive. "Yeah.""So why are we still talking about this?""Sure, 'cause you're obviously keeping so busy these days," Alex says caustically. "Designing an aquarium?"Sean shrugs. "Maybe I just wanna dream about jellyfish. Seriously, man, the way they move, the light through their bodies -- it's fucking weird. I could use that sometime, maybe. You never know when you're gonna want to weird someone out for a job."This is why they need Sean, Alex reminds himself. Because the guy may be on the wacky drugs, but he's got a real genius for nontraditional architecture. And taking this mark will require an outside-the-box approach, that's for damn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Crossover
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Plotty
Plot Twist
Dreams
Heist
Angst
Drama
Canonical Character Death

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

