Work Text:
"No. I'm not doing it," Bucky says with a shake of his head. Steve opens his mouth, but the look Bucky shoots his way makes him reconsider. He's seen that look before in tenement kitchens and on Nazi catwalks; Bucky's impossible to talk down once he's got that look on his face. Natasha groans and tosses her folder of intel on the conference table. “We don’t have a choice. This is the only way to get close to the target. We need access, and that means—”"Did you not hear me? I can say it in six other languages if that’ll help." He glances at Steve again, then just as quickly looks away. Gauging dangers, Steve guesses. Steve steps between them, always the first one to make peace between teammates. “All right, okay. Buck says he’s not in, he’s not in. We’ll get someone else.” He eyes the hastily sketched layout. “Although I’m having a real hard time believing this couples’ retreat for men is the only place we can get eyes on this guy.” Nat shrugs with her usual careless calm. “It is what it is. Should I bring in Clint?”"Not enough time. Is Sam on this coast today?" Steve pulls up the team roster on his phone. No dice. "Damn. Well, there’s always Thor."Bucky holds up a hand. “Whoa, wait. You’re going through with this plan?”"It’s the only one we’ve got," Steve says. "Maybe Thor won’t be the best at infiltration, but we can always, uh—""Play him as the strong, silent type." Nat gives a firm nod. Steve works his eyebrows in frustrated agreement. “Sure. Exactly.” Bucky snorts. “The file says this is going to be really mushy stuff. You need someone in there who knows you inside-out, who can convince them you’re really together. The game’s over the second Thor opens his mouth.”"If only we had an agent who’s known Cap for years," Nat deadpans. "Hey, easy. Buck isn’t responsible for every mission," Steve says. "Except he seems uniquely qualified for this one," Nat counters. Buck crowds his mouth over to one side, his old nervous habit when he’s trying to find words. “I just don’t think I’d….” He peters out."It’s fine. You don’t have to explain," Steve says. He's tiptoeing around broken glass here. Nat mutters something about kid gloves under her breath. Bucky’s nostrils flare. Steve knows that look too. He knows them all. Fat lot of good it does him, though. "All right. I’ll do it," Bucky growls. Steve catches his hot stare across the table. “You don’t have to,” he says carefully."A job’s a job," Bucky says, and Steve flinches at that, drops his gaze back to the work at hand. Less than two hours later, they’re strolling through a private vineyard on their way to the retreat’s introductory mixer, hand in sweaty hand. Steve can't quite tell who's more nervous. "Bucky," Steve says low, for his ears only, "about what I said the other week in Berlin, about needing some space to think—""We don’t have time for this right now," Bucky says, clipped. "I told you how I felt, you didn’t speak to me for a month. Message received, Rogers.""But Buck, I—" "How about this? When we’re done pretending to be boyfriends, we can go back to pretending to be friends," he snaps. Steve’s heart sinks. For a second, he wishes he could go back in time so that when Bucky says, "I love you," Steve could lie and say, "I don't love you back." Because the facts, as far as Steve is concerned, are these: though he loves Bucky with all his heart, loves him a hundred different ways, they can't be together. Not the way Bucky wants. The problem boils down to sex. Bucky loves it, craves it, can't get enough of it, and Steve? Steve can't stomach it.Growing up, there hadn't been words for the thing. You had the Catholic church in one ear talking about purity and sin, and the other ear was filled with dirty whispers from the neighborhood boys, the filthy jokes in blue magazines, the sounds Buck made with the girls he brought home to their shared apartment with the thin walls, the crushing onslaught of what passed for normal. Steve wanted to be the same as any other red-blooded American man, but he wasn't. Then there was his constant sickness, his smallness, his artistic daydreams. Throw in the way he felt about Bucky—and later Peggy—and everything was even more confusing. He'd even thought briefly about taking holy orders just to escape the expectation of sex, but old Father Rynne had looked across the confessional screen and said, "Steven, have you honestly felt the calling? Because the seminary is for those who want to serve, not those who wish to hide." Steve couldn't lie to his priest. He couldn't lie to Buck either, but telling him the whole truth was a bridge too far.The truth. It had been the first thing Steve'd used the internet to search out once he'd woken up in the future. A Shield tech had taught him the basics, showed him the way around a laptop. "Everybody has one of these now?" Steve had asked. "Almost everybody. And if you don't, you can always go down to the local library and borrow one," she had said. Since he didn't know how—or even 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Asexual Character
Asexuality
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Undercover as a Couple
Mutual Pining
Massage
mentions of acephobia
Mentions of homophobia
off screen baddie death
temporary paralysis
Cuddling & Snuggling
Forehead Kisses
Near Death Experiences
Love Confessions
Men Crying

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

