Chapter 1: First Impressions
    


Notes:
Hello, welcome, step on up!
You have made it to the gates of my Daddy Kink fic!
Beware before you enter here, this is Explicit. It's going to be pretty, very, explicit. But it's building up to it - so it's not going to happen in the first five minutes (patience is a virtue). 
Also there is an age difference of about ten years between Bucky and Steve, though they are both grown men in their late twenties and early forties (respectively). If that's a squick for you, it's okay to opt out now. I won't be mad.
This is not Canon compliant, and there are some alternate timeline plot points, but let the story take you there, everything you need to know you can find inside - I promise (and if you're not sure - come find me and ask me - I could talk your ear off about it all, I swear).
Thanks go out to Kalee60 and ixalit for their cheerleading and their beta work. You guys are amazing and your support means the world.
Lastly - just enjoy! Remember my middle name is Fluff. I'm here because I love the romance, the smut is just a bonus ❤

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text





Bucky has been part of this team for literally one fucking day.

 

So of course this is happening. Of course he’s getting called onto a mission. With Steve goddamn Rogers. 

Colonel

 Rogers. He's not Captain America anymore, he's Bucky's commanding officer.

 

He needs to be better than this.

 

Well, it's what he's thinking desperately and with as much mental capacity as he can manage as he will's his erection to go the fuck away. Because he and the Colonel are the only two people in the locker room right now, and Colonel Rogers is the only one of the two of them still attempting to pull his uniform on (it's tight. It's too fucking small for him, surely). And Bucky is the only one of them trying to turn his standing body against his locker so that the Colonel can't see exactly what Bucky thinks of watching him squeezing six foot and then some of gloriously defined muscle into a ridiculously tight uniform.

 

Bucky is pretty sure he's failing at it too, if that smug as shit smirk on Colonel Rogers’ face is anything to go by. 

 

Bucky calculates that the odds of successfully aiming a kill shot through his own eye with his drop point are not great right now (his hands are occupied anyway) and resigns himself to the embarrassment he's about to face. Best to just get it over with. They can laugh about it later, guys do that, right? Captain America's meant to be a nice guy, right? He can laugh about the new guy on the team being so overwhelmed by the sheer masculinity of his boss that he's popped a boner in the locker room ten minutes before they're meant to fly out to a potential war zone. On his first. Day. 

 

Oh god. It'll be his nickname won't it. Boner boy. 

 

Well, at least it's better than Gay James. The guys at basic hadn't been real imaginative. Thank god he'd managed to get his team in the Rangers to call him Bucky. And by the time they'd got to Syria with the 75th, it was pretty much just Sergeant Barnes.

 

He doesn't want to go back to the shitty nickname phase.

 

Still. He's technically an Avenger now. And even at the near ripe old age of thirty, he's a kid around these guys (including the Black Widow, who looks about twenty but has the wisdom of an immortal) and being the newest member (how did that even happen. What is his life right now) he's fresh meat.

 

And oh, no, don't think about meat, Bucky, that's what got you into this mess. Think about something gross. Think about... that time Becka got foot fungus in Junior year and used your adjoining bathroom sink to clean her toes out for three straight weeks. 

 

Okay, but it doesn't help when he looks up and Steve Rogers is fucking staring right at him as he zips up his custom flak jacket with assertive grace. 

 

How is he real?

 

Bucky doesn't have a Daddy kink (he 

doesn't!)

, but the Colonel is messing with all of his preconceived notions tonight. Like the notion that Bucky is a consummate professional (he's usually never riled up like this) That Bucky has enough self-control not to lust after his boss (that flew out the window the minute the Captain America of Bucky's innocent childhood fantasies walked into the room with swept-back, dirty blond hair and a fucking 

beard

. Excuse him, but 

why is the universe doing this

), that Bucky can do his goddamn job and keep his dick in his pants.

 

At least the last he can do.

 

His body might be betraying him right now, but he 

will

 be a professional. He's an Avenger now, that carries a weight greater than just his men, or his country's safety. It's about keeping the world safe.

 

Except while Bucky is drowning away in his inner turmoil, Steve Rogers has snuck right up on him. Is standing not one foot from him. Is smirking that fucking smirk right down into Bucky's blush filled face.

 

'You with me, son?' he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Pining
Awkward Flirting
Nomad Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
daddy Steve Rogers
Breathplay
Face-Fucking
Anal Sex
Rimming
Rope Bondage
Safe Sane and Consensual
BDSM
Contracts
Cock Rings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

