Chapter 1: The Beginning
    




Chapter Text
Anton has always been able to connect to his creations. At the beginning, when he still resided in Asgard that meant being able to sense a swords bloodlust or an axes glee when it struck down it’s victim. After his disagreement with Odin and the following exile to Midgard his weapons changed, but their connection to him did not. He was able to sense all of them. At the beginning they had to be even more primitive than on Asgard. The humans were rather underdeveloped for being one of the nine realms.

But then, oh then, it got fun. From the Bullet hitting its target in World War 2 when he was known as „Howard“ to the Missiles that destroyed entire camps in his time as Tony Stark. But it wasn’t only his weapons, the first time DUM-E came online Tony nearly cried. To be able to actually communicate with them, not just feel their emotions, was incredible. He was so fascinated by this concept that he just had to continue. DUM-E was closely followed by Butterfingers, U and JARVIS. He loved each of his creations like his own children - not that he had any biological ones.
Anton had to admit that he enjoyed his time on earth immensely. The sheer creativity and desire for change and innovation fueled his creative genius. He came up with even more ideas and plans. He was so happy that he almost forgot about Asgard and why he was on Midgard in the first place. Almost. In the rare instances when he did remember some alcohol and partying helped him forget again.

Then came Afghanistan. Tony might’ve gone a bit overboard with designing his weapons if they were able to knock out even a god. He had no time to regret past decisions when Yinsen shoved that magnet in his chest and soon everything happened way too fast. He remembered refusing his weapons to his captors, more out of spite than anything. He remembered Yinsen dying, burning their camp down and barely escaping with the suit. Truly one of his better inventions if he said so himself, although it would need a bit of fine-tuning.
Wandering through the intense heat of the desert sun, Tony wished - not for the first time these past weeks - to have his magic back. When Odin banned him from Asgard he also sealed his magic inside himself. Tony could still feel it pulse deep inside but there was no way to access it, it was utterly frustrating. As god of Creation and Innovation, being able to connect with what he made himself was just natural to him, no magic required. Healing spells or just spelling a cool breeze was another story unfortunately. Tony cursed that he didn’t know where he was or he could’ve told JARVIS about his location. Although Tony hadn’t had the possibility to try yet, he was sure he would be able to communicate with his kids even if he was on another planet. Their bond was pretty strong. Since he had no clue as to his whereabouts though he had to hope someone was looking for him, or that he would just stumble upon the next gas station (as if that's ever gonna happen).

Rhodey, his favorite human together with Pepper Potts, came to rescue him finally. Back in the States Tony did some research into those terrorists and stumbled upon some interesting detail about his kidnapping. Obadiah set him up. Tony had to say he wasn’t shocked. Hurt, yes sure, he thought they were friends. But not shocked, Obadiah had always been a greedy bastard. He made the decision to shut down the weapons department of Stark Industries. While Tony didn’t particularly care about the underhand weapons deals, since Obadiah had been taken care of (and no one would ever suspect a thing, JARVIS made sure of that), he was still a bit shocked to experience the power of destruction that his weapons could wreak.
When some guy in a suit approached him, claiming to be from some weird government agency, Tony waved him off. He wasn’t particularly interested in sharing. He also waved of Pepper and Rhodeys attempts at making him talk about Afghanistan and they relented quickly. Tony finally settled back into his usual lifestyle. With the added bonus of tinkering with his suit every free minute he had.


Sir, there’s something you should see.

„Not now, JARVIS.“


Sir, I insist.

The music got quiet as JARVIS turned it down and pulled up a hologram. With an eye-roll Tony reluctantly turned away from his work on one of the armors thruster boots.


I’ve been looking into this agency, SHIELD, they’re the ones that approached you after the Afghanistan incident. They just reported some very strange findings to their archives.

JARVIS’ blue hologram showed some digital documents which Tony promptly opened with a swipe of his hand.
„This, this can’t be right.“, Tony gasped. A picture of Mjolnir, Thor’s hammer, stared back at him. „In New Mexico. Why is it here? JARVIS, do we have any recordings of the surrounding area?“


No, Sir, this was in the middle of nowhere on a field. Even SHIELD doesn’t have any clues yet. They say no one can move it.

„Check the near
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Aesir Tony
Asgardian Tony Stark
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Happy Ending
Odin (Marvel)'s Bad Parenting
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Mage Tony
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

