Chapter 1





Chapter Text
For something that Tony Stark was calling a fundraiser, it sure as hell looked like a party.  Steve glanced around the crowded ballroom at the glittering crowd, all dressed up in floor-length gowns and expensive tuxes and suits, and tugged at the bottom of the jacket of his dress greens.  He was doing this for Pepper, he reminded himself.  And, as clichéd as it sounded, for the kids.  He'd done a little bit of reading on what her foundation was all about, and had to admit, he was impressed by how much good it been doing in bringing the humanities and the arts back into New York City classrooms.  It sounded like something he'd like to be a part of, if he could, and tonight, however much it pained him to admit it, was a good step in the right direction.  Even if it did mean he'd have to mingle and make small talk.He allowed himself to get wanded by security and handed over his invitation.  He didn't see a single soul he recognized, but that wasn't exactly surprising.  He had, after all, just moved back to New York.  But he still wished Natasha or Clint or Thor was here tonight, if only so he could have someone to talk to who would treat him as Steve Rogers, not Captain America.He headed to the bar first to grab a drink, just to have something in his hands - a neat trick he'd learned during his USO touring and glad-handing days.  He tended to fidget too much otherwise.  His phone buzzed in his jacket and he pulled it out, swiped the talk button.  If he was lucky, it was Natasha or Clint with a mission that would get him out of his obligation.  "This is Rogers."  "You look like a man getting sent to the gallows.  Cheer up a little or you'll scare off the donors."Tony.  Of course it was Tony.  Steve tried – and failed – to rein in his disappointment.  "Are you spying on me right now?""Merely keeping an eye on America's favorite super soldier," Tony replied, in a cheerful tone.  "Now get out there and mingle, laugh at a few bad jokes, smile that little bashful smile that everyone loves, and the evening will fly by."  Steve sighed, smiled apologetically at the bartender, and summoned up his last few dregs of patience.  "If you're so concerned about me, why aren't you introducing me around yourself?""Divide and conquer, Rogers, divide and conquer.""I knew I should have said no when you asked.""It's for charity. Besides, what else were you going to do tonight?  Mope around your apartment because Barnes didn't want to come back with you to play house and help you unpack?"Steve glanced around to make sure no one was paying him any attention and lowered his voice.  "That's not how it is, you know that.  I'm just worried about him out there all alone."  Even though Bucky had made it abundantly clear that he didn't need or require Steve's help at the moment.  "Yes, we all know."  Steve could practically hear the eye roll in Tony's voice.  "But if he's anything like you, he's not coming back until he's good and ready, so you may as well live your life in the meantime.""Is that really how you want to play this?" Steve asked."Just stand tall and think of the children, Cap," Tony said and hung up before Steve could say anything else.  Typical Stark, always getting in the last word.Steve put his phone away, and smoothed his jacket.  "Scotch and soda, please," he told the bartender, summoning his first fake Captain-America-on-tour smile of the night.  He was here, he may as well gear up and do his duty, so to speak.  If making a few rounds and shaking a few hands would raise awareness and money, well, as much as Steve hated to admit it, Tony had a point.  It was the least he could do.  "I do hope the front view is as good as the view I've got right now, because your ass should be immortalized in marble."Steve turned, a ready comeback on his lips (if he had a quarter – dollar these days – for every time someone pinched his ass, he could probably buy Manhattan), and pulled up short, all of the breath in his body leaving him in one shocked exhale."Holy hell, Bucky, what're you –?""Oh fuck me, you're Steve Rogers, I am so sorry –"They both stopped.  Stared at the other.  Steve forced air back into his lungs and looked a little closer at the man standing in front of him.  No, not Bucky.  Bucky, as far as he knew, was still in Southeast Asia chasing down the final remnants of Hydra.At first glance, the resemblance was striking, but the other man's eyes were more green than blue and, while he managed to fill out his very nicely cut charcoal-grey suit more than fine, he wasn't as muscled as Bucky was now, and he was just a hair shorter.  The fact that he didn't have a metal left arm was just the icing on the cake."I'm really sorry," Not-Bucky said again, raking his hand through his hair – a lighter shade of brown than Bucky's and curling around the ends in a way that Bucky's definitely never did.  His voice was also slightly rougher, reminded Steve of late nights at smoky dance halls and the bitter sting of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thomas "T.J." Hammond/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Slow Build
Friends to Lovers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Series
Past Drug Use
Past Drug Addiction
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Steve Rogers Feels
Angst and Humor
Steve Learns To Deal With His PTSD
TJ Deserves Happiness

fandom: 
Thomas "T.J." Hammond/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

