Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Erik blamed his lateness to the scene on a misplaced pillow, which he kicked his phone under in the middle of the night, and then slept on. All of this meant that when Moira rang him at 6am with news of a dead mutant, she had to call him again at 6:10am, and then 6:20am, and then 6:30am before he finally heard it and woke up, and then he had to listen to her laugh at the fact that he was either clearly hung over, or entertaining overnight company, neither of which was the case, but he did enjoy the fact that he got to brush his teeth - and spit on her - via the phone conversation where she read him the dispatch report."Oh, and Lehnsherr, your new team member will be there." And then she hung up on him.Maybe he shouldn't have spit in her ear, because now he was going into a crime scene with absolutely no idea what his new team member would be. He'd made requests, of course, someone who could actually handle shooting things. Alex Summers had made an excellent addition to his team last year, but he was too green. He was great with hair, fiber, and dirt analysis, but he wasn't great with... aiming.He arrived at the scene at 7:16, and he flashed his badge to the human at the door. Halfway up the first flight of stairs he heard the cop grumble behind him: "Another one for the freaks."Erik just shook his head - he wasn't going to change any minds by pulling pranks - but he did have to fight down the urge to make sure the man's pants fly wasn't uncomfortably warm all day."What do we have?" He yelled to the room at large as soon as he walked through the door."Boss!" Alex was standing in the front hall and living room area of the apartment, and nearly dropped whatever he was working on - fibers it looked like. "Um..."Great. Erik realized it was going to be one of those mornings."Where's the new--""In here!" He frowned at the voice. British?He followed the voice down a hallway and finally caught sight of a mess of brown hair attached to neatly pressed suit. Angel was looking between Erik and the new mutant, looking slightly out of her depth - probably due to the mutant, she was more than capable with camera, notes, and occasional brawling. The new member of his team was down on his haunches near the head of the victim, but then stood, turned around, and gave Erik a bright smile. Another cheerful kid, apparently. He couldn't be more than twenty."Charles Xavier." He held out a hand, a hand which contained a steaming cup of some sort of coffee. Erik took it, eyes narrowed, when he finally realized that Xavier's sleeves were rolled up and he was wearing the thin, elbow length power-dampening gloves of a mutant with a powerful touch power. "Your new team member."Erik was further pleased to see Xavier wasn't obviously armed - always a good sign. "Erik Lehnsherr.""Mmm. A pleasure." He looked over Erik for a moment and Erik returned the appraisal. Xavier dressed like a forty year old, in a grey three piece suit that - although very nicely tailored - just made him look like a teenager playing dress up in his father's wardrobe. "Business or personal introductions first?""Business," Erik answered."Victim: Michael Summers - no relation to Alex Summerset al." He actually said 'et al.' Erik could barely contain the quirk to his lips, but when Xavier moved and revealed the body the humor of the situation died entirely. The kid was very obviously a mutant, some sort of gossamer, almost papery skin instead of flesh, silvery hair, buggish, maybe. He glanced towards Angel in sympathy, but she was keeping it professional for the moment.Xavier continued, apparently deaf to the emotional undercurrents of the room. "Gun shot wounds - at least twelve discrete wounds - I was told you would -" Xavier wiggled his fingers and Erik arched an eyebrow "- take care of recovery."Erik could already feel the various bullet fragments, some in the floor, several in the victim. He had the best chance of retrieving them intact. Xavier had been briefed on him. It made him feel... underdressed, and again he realized he probably should keep the human-baiting to a minimum when he was owed a new mutant. Erik hunched down over the victim and Angel turned her tablet towards him so he could see the how she'd labeled the entrance wounds. Erik started pulling out slugs and Angel wordlessly bagged them while they levitated over the body. The newcomer spared him a quick glance before continuing."Neighbors told the uniforms they heard nothing, they are, of course, lying. Neighbor to the left is lying the hardest and with the most vigor; probably saw something he wasn't supposed to. No obvious signs of robbery, no forced entry. Angel and Alex will have to inform you of any further forensic observations."The man picked up another cup of takeaway coffee and sipped slowly. Erik spared a glance at Angel and saw she also had one settled near her side. Xavier was a suck up. He took a sip of the coffee and glared at it. Three sugars - Moira had ratte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Pre-Relationship
Alternate Universe - Canon
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Crime Fighting
Drama
Telepathy
Buddy Cops
Alternate Universe - Fusion

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

