Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Hey, Mr Stark! Sorry, I’m late!” Peter calls out as he walks into the common room of the compound. “There was some traffic so I had to sw-” He cuts off as he looks up and sees the Avengers sitting on the couch. “Oh, um, hi?” He says awkwardly. These are the Avengers and he’s making a fool of himself! Peter does a mental head smack and clears his throats to introduce himself because CLEARLY they weren’t going to say anything. “Um, I’m Peter. Sorry for bothering you. I was just looking for Mr Stark and-” He pauses when Natasha stands up and starts walking towards. He takes a step back but isn’t too worried because his spidey sense isn’t going off. “I'm really sorry, Ms Romanoff. I’m just gonna go down to the labs.” Wait. Nobody knows the Avengers’ real names. Shit. The teen thinks to himself. “How the hell do you know my name? You must be close to Stark. What did you have to do because of the traffic?” She quizzes him. “Nat, back up. He’s just a kid. How old are you?” Steve asks, standing up. “Uh, fif-” Peter starts. His voice comes out high so he clears his throat again. “Fifteen. I’m Mr Starks intern. I gotta get going to the lab.” He quickly excuses himself. He gets to the elevator and his back is turned to the group when his spidey sense goes off. He quickly ducks as a taser gun goes off and lands on the doors. He turns around and his eyes fill with fear as he looks at Black Widow holding a stun gun. He feels his chest starting to move faster from fear. He’s fought plenty of bad guys before. But these are the Avengers! He also can’t give away his identity. She starts walking forward and Peter presses his back against the elevator doors. “You really think we’re going to believe that you’re an intern? Stark doesn’t hire high schoolers as interns.” 	Peter’s spidey sense is now screaming at him to fight back but he ignores it. “Peter, you are showing signs of distress,” FRIDAY says from the ceiling, causing both of them to jump. “Should I call Boss?” “No thank you, Fri.” Peter croaks. Nat takes a step back. Peter steps away from the doors and mumbles, “I’m just gonna leave.” He turns around and the doors open to reveal an angry Tony Stark. “Why the hell was I on the phone and got interrupted by FRIDAY telling me that Peter is in distress?” He steps out but knows the answer as soon as he sees the taser on the door. “Nat! You tried to kill him?” Peter steps back. And squeezes his eyes tight. “This kid walks in and claims that he’s your intern and was about to go down to your lab! What was I supposed to think?” She starts screaming back, not even a bit scared of Tony. “It’s true, Tony. You have to warn us!” Steve steps in. “Back off, Spangles! Even if he wasn’t an intern, he’s just a kid! You shouldn’t have shot a taser at him!” Tony spits out. “It’s just a taser! He would have been fine!” “Tony is right, Nat.” This time it’s Bucky. “He could’ve fallen and bitten off his tongue.” “Then why didn’t you stop me when I pulled it out?” Nat spins around to face him. “Because you're scary, Nat!” Wanda finally contributes. “Wouldn’t a kid biting off his tongue be scarier?” Clint says, unsure of who he is exactly defending. “Who the hell are you trying to defend, Clint?” Sam asks angrily. “Guys, calm down.” Rhodey tries. The room erupts into shouting.	“I was trying to save your ass, Tony!” Nat screams. “Well, that doesn’t mean that I’m not mad for you trying to stun my kid!” The room is in too much chaos to realize that Tony said my kid. “We didn’t know, Tony!” Steve says from the side. “You know what, Capsicle? Just this second I got happy imagining what would happen if you didn’t freeze and ended up dying!” That set off Bucky. He lifts his metal arm and prepares to take a swing to defend his friend when FRIDAY interrupts. “Sir, it seems that Peter is having an anxiety attack.” The room goes quiet and looks over in the kitchen to see Peter sitting on the floor against the wall with his hands covering his ears, his eyes shut tight, and tears streaming down his face. Tony runs over and kneels down in front of the kid. “Hey, kid?” His spidey sense goes off, being all thrown off from the sensory overload, and he starts trying to punch Tony with his eyes closed. “Shhh, it’s okay. It’s just me.” Peter opens his eyes but quickly shuts them. “FRIDAY, lower the lights to 30%,” Tony demands quietly. The lights dim and Peter fully opens his eyes. Tony nearly melts at the look of fear in those big, brown, puppy-dog eyes. “Mr Stark?” Peter whispers. “Ya. I’m right here, Bambino.” Peter takes his hands off of his ears but quickly covers them. “What do you hear, Pete?” “Ms Maximoff is crying. Mr Wilson is breathing really loudly. Pepper is on the phone.” Tony squeezes his eyes shut. Pepper is two floors above them. “I’ll be right back, kid. Okay?” Peter slowly nods and Tony tiptoes over to the others and whispers, “Don’t move. It makes too much noise. I’ll be right back.” Steve raises his eyes but nods. Onc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker and Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
May Parker is somewhere
idk where
infinity war and endgame don't exist
We are just gonna ignore them
I think im gonna finish this
oof

fandom: 
Peter Parker and Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

