Chapter 1: Raven's inner slut wants to come out to play!
    




Chapter Text
Hard times called for drastic measures, and Raven was currently undergoing some very hard times. It had all been rather bearable in the past, when every titan was still single and they all just masturbated silently inside their rooms. There were no distractions and temptations and Raven could just meditate in peaceful tranquillity whenever she wanted to. But soon, things started going downhill fast for the reclusive and brooding young heroine.
Everybody had seen Robin and Starfire getting together coming from miles away, and even though it took way too long to finally happen, the relationship was finally established in the end. They were a perfect couple and even though Raven couldn't help but be a little jealous of Starfire, she was still extremely happy for the both of them. She even enjoyed seeing the two of them doing lovey dovey things at long last, although it did awaken a small urge inside of her to experience something similar with a partner of her own.

They apparently wanted to catch up for lost time, after it took them so long to get together, seeing as they were already banging and enjoying each other's bodies not a month after their relationship had been made official. Raven had no doubt about the fact that they were already fucking, as Starfire was loud during sex. Really loud. Hearing her attempt to dirty talk at first was rather amusing to listen to, and hearing Starfire's extra loud moans made Raven's pussy wet on more than one occasion. Just listening in became boring fast though, so Raven eventually used her magic to peek in their rooms and spy on them having sex.

Truth be told, masturbating while spying on two of her best friends going at it with each other had given her some of the best orgasms she'd ever had. Especially Starfire's excited way of riding Robin's cock, with her orange ass bouncing up and down as she kept taking his dick deep inside of her, which managed to turn on Raven immensely. Robin had been a bit less wild and experienced than Starfire at first, but he had always been a quick learner. Figuring out Starfire's G-spot in no time at all, Robin regularly made her juicy booty jiggle like crazy, as he spanked it non-stop while making her cream on his cock with some intense pussy-pounding action.

Raven had always had a bigger and even shapelier ass than Starfire, but her twenty-first birthday was approaching fast and it had never been spanked before. Until she had seen how greatly Starfire enjoyed getting her ass slapped by Robin however. Encouraged to try it herself, after seeing how much pleasure it gave her friend, Raven carefully gave her cheeks a couple light taps in the confines of her room. Barely feeling anything at all, Raven started slapping her ass harder and harder, until her grey butt was looking sore all over and she was left kneeling on the floor while she experienced an intense orgasm. Safe to say that spanking from then on became a regular part of Raven's masturbation-routine, with her continuing to spy on Starfire and Robin to learn new things.


As you can clearly see, Raven definitely has the superior booty!


Raven quickly overdid it with the spanking however, with her cheeks regularly looking red and sore all over. Not having much else besides an old pair of jeans to cover her cheeks with, Raven spent over ten minutes trying to squeeze her big butt inside the jeans, yet after multiple failed attempts, she finally gave up and looked up a simple disguise-spell instead.


Maybe for the best, as covering up such a magnificent ass would be a serious crime after all!


She grew more jealous as she continued to spy on them however, with her soon having to resort to using toys to get herself off with, as just using her fingers wasn't cutting it anymore. It had been hard to have sex toys delivered to the tower without her friends finding out about it, yet after some intense planning and lucky timing, Raven was soon shoving a medium-sized dildo in both her pussy and ass. 

It was around the same time that Beast Boy and Terra got together actually, which had been another relationship everybody had been waiting for to happen. She knew that Terra had a bit of a tomboy-streak and that she had learned to take an impressive amount of abuse from her past experiences, yet that didn't prepare her in the slightest for what she saw, when she spied on Beast Boy and Terra having sex for the very first time.

Expecting to just see Beast Boy in his normal form, the goofy joker had transformed into a squid however, with multiple tentacles keeping Terra suspended in the air. Terra's significant endurance definitely came in handy, as she was currently sucking off one of Beast Boy's tentacles, while she also had a tentacle thrusting in both her ass and her pussy. Her small perky tits were being caressed by another tentacle, while a smaller tentacle was busy spanking her white cheeks. It had definitely l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Orgy
Cheating
Bestiality
Large Cock
Large Ass
Spanking
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
Glory Hole
Corruption
Anal Sex
Titjob
blowjob
Masturbation
Sex Toys
Anonymous Sex
Sibling Incest
Verbal Degrading
Dirty Talk
Group Sex
Large Breasts
Humiliation
Spitroasting
Double Penetration
Deepthroating
Womb Pounding
Hardcore
Squirting
Monsters
Bad Ending
Mind Control
Rape
Lesbian Sex
Impregnation
Futanari
Gangbang
Violence
Demons
Aphrodisiacs
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Threesome
Body Modification
Foursome - F/M/M/M
Spit Kink
Creampie
Massive Cock
Massive Cumshot
Rough Sex
Doggy Style

fandom: 
None
