Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
They had Fallen. His brothers and sisters… Every last one of them…Fallen.
And because of him. Because he had tried – once again – to fix this. And he had failed. Like he always did. Because there was something wrong with him. A crack in the chassis, as Naomi had said before he’d fled her the last time during the second trial.
Naomi…

A silver tool speared through the back of her head, blood spilling out from underneath.


“Our mission was to protect what God created. I don’t know when we forgot that.”

She was dead now, too. Metatron had killed her, and he had gone and taken Castiel’s Grace to complete the spell.
How could he have been so stupid?
He should have waited – should have waited for Dean. They should have done it together.

“These were never trials, Castiel. This is a spell. And what I’m taking from you now – your essence, your Grace – is the last piece.”

Not for the first time he wished he had someone else to lean on, someone older, someone who knew what to do. He was so tired of making decisions and messing up catastrophically.
He had failed them all again, and now he had no idea where he was, and he needed to find Dean.

“And now something wonderful is going to happen, for me and for you. I want you to live this new life to the fullest. Find a wife. Make babies. And when you die and your soul comes to Heaven, find me. Tell me your story.”

Thank everything he had ever believed in that Metatron didn’t know about Dean. He wouldn’t have been able to handle it if anything happened to him. Dean was all he had left now, and he needed to find him.
Still shaking and shuddering from the shock of his Grace being extracted, Castiel stumbled through the trees, barely catching himself on the rough bark that scratched his palms painfully.
His eyes were burning with tears, and Castiel knew that if he were to reach up, his face would be wet. Crying…it was such a human thing. Castiel barely knew how to deal with it, along with all the other visceral human emotions that were so much more than anything he had experienced before.
He had to find Dean.
He—

When Castiel woke up, he was wet, cold, and miserable. Light trembles wracked his frame, and his body complained as he gingerly shifted himself upright to sit against a tree. It was still dark, though he could make out the trees around him and the sterile lights that seemed to be a city.
Castiel didn’t like that he’d lost consciousness like that. It was unpleasant, and it served no purpose other than to waste valuable time. He could have contacted Dean by now.
Pushing himself to stand upright, Castiel staggered slightly before regaining his balance, his eyesight no longer keen enough for him to be able to make out anything untoward that he might stumble over. He couldn’t sense the Earth; he couldn’t sense the universe; he couldn’t sense Heaven; he couldn’t sense Dean.
It was the last that almost sent Castiel into a panic attack, but he slid back down to sit, clutching at his knees as he forced himself to calm down.
He might be human right now, but he could handle this. He could.
All he needed right now was to find out where he was, and then he could find a phone and contact Dean to tell him his location.
He would be panicking right now after seeing the angels fall from Heaven.
Taking a calming breath, Castiel stood back up, legs notably steadier now. Making his way through the trees and shrubbery, he found himself at a road with people and cars. The sky was turning pink, and Castiel rubbed a hand over his face before he turned left and headed towards the buildings he could see.
It turned out that he had woken up in a park, and it looked completely different from where he had been last night. He knew he hadn’t seen these buildings in that clearing where he had watched the angels fall.
Breaths coming more rapidly now, Castiel reached for the wall that bordered the park, stumbling over to it and leaning heavily against it. His trench coat fluttered against his legs; there seemed to be a weight on the left side.
Reaching in, Castiel pulled out what looked like a transparent rectangular flat plane of glass. Peering down at it curiously, he rubbed his thumb over the smooth material, only to be startled when it blinked blue and a clock appeared under his thumb.
Turning it around, Castiel found himself looking at what looked like a highly futuristic phone, judging from the little apps he could see on it.
Tapping on the screen, Castiel found it to be easy to use, his second try pulling up a keypad. He had no idea how or why this phone was in his pocket, but he wasn’t going to ask questions when he knew Dean’s number by heart and could call him right now.
“We’re sorry, but the number you have dialed is not in service. Please check the number and try again.”
No, no, no, no. Dean used this number; Castiel knew he did. How was it not in service?
Trying again only 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Loki & Tony Stark
Gabriel (Supernatural) & Loki (Marvel)
Dean Winchester & Sam Winchester
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Ezekiel | Gadreel & Gabriel (Supernatural)

freeform: 
Crossover
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Suspense
Drama
Family
Friendship
Domestic Avengers
Romance
Canon-Typical Violence
Action/Adventure
Gabriel is Tony Stark
BAMF Gabriel
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Protective Gabriel
Gabriel Lives
Aftermath of Torture
Supernatural Elements
Kid Fic
Possibly Unrequited Love
Asexual Character
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Loki & Tony Stark
Gabriel (Supernatural) & Loki (Marvel)
Dean Winchester & Sam Winchester
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Ezekiel | Gadreel & Gabriel (Supernatural)

