Chapter 1





Chapter Text

The New Stark 


Stark Industries’ Stock On A Rollercoaster


Iron Man Or Iron DAD?


Stark’s Reckless Party Life Caught Up To Him


Getting A Kid As A Publicity Stunt?


Is Your Kid A Stark? Find Out Now!


There Is a New Stark In Town – For Real


Iron Man Told Us Not To Talk About His Son, So Here’s A Post About Puppies!

Peter clicks on the last article, hoping that the puppies Buzzfeed chose will at least distract him enough from Tony’s passive-aggressive phone call he can hear through the thin walls of the Parker apartment (Not that he really needs his super-hearing for that because a) the walls are thin and b) Tony gets loud when he gets passive-aggressive and Pepper isn’t there to reign him in).
“I would say I have been very clear on that matter on Friday. Oh, great, you got that video. Then why do I need to tell you this again? No! No interview with my son! No stalking my son’s school! No hiring a private investigator to find out more about him!”
May sighs deeply and makes a move to grab the newspaper, only to stop and realize that Tony had already thrown it away. She sighs again and takes a long sip of her coffee, probably wondering if she can just kick Iron Man out of their apartment. Considering he has a key and had installed their entire security system, it’s probably a no. Peter scrolls down on the page, mindlessly reading the definitely not-article about the press conference.

Iron Man himself, Tony Stark, forbad everyone from talking about the shocking press conference last Friday where he announced that the kidnapped boy from the video of a criminal blackmailing Stark is his son. So, we are definitely not talking about it! How about some puppies instead?

There is a picture of two golden retriever puppies rolling in fresh, green grass.
“Oh, do you really want to know what I’ll do if I find out you’re creeping around my kid?”

If we were talking about that press conference – which we aren’t, this is solely about puppies – we would tell you that Stark basically threatened everyone in the room and watching if they decided to hassle his son. 

“What are you looking at?” May asks, ignoring Tony’s colorful description of what exactly he would do to the poor man or woman on the other line of the phone.
“Puppies,” Peter answers, scrolling past a chihuahua puppy sleeping on his back.
“We’re not getting a puppy.”
“That’s why I need to give all my love to pictures of puppies.” A border collie puppy with his head tilted to the right side.
“No, you better think about this. Do you want to land on Iron Man’s bad side? And War Machines by default? Not to mention the bad side of Pepper Potts – oh, she totally would. She’s basically just waiting for any of you idiots to make the tiniest of mistakes.”

We’re also not telling you that Stark explained he was forced to talk about his son and expose him to the publicity because of the afore mentioned video and all of the media coverage, especially the reporters who hinted at their relationship to be the opposite of father and son. 

A labradoodle puppy photographed midair, trying to catch a ball that was hitting him in the face.

The press conference we’re not talking about was very short, no questions allowed. Stark gave no details about his kid and made very real promises that nobody would want to find out anything about him or else. He also declared the first interview with his son will be with a news company that decided not to cover this.

In front of the backdrop of the setting sun, a colorful crossbreed puppy yawned.

Good thing we’re not reporting on it, right?

The last picture is a dark grey pit bull puppy cuddling with an Iron Man plushie.
Suddenly, the phone is snatched out of his hands. “What did I tell you about reading any news articles?” Tony asks, still sounding pretty irked, though Peter knows it isn’t because of him.
“I wasn’t reading news articles, I was looking at puppies.”
Tony raises one eyebrow and looks at the screen, quickly scanning it. “Do I have to ban looking at puppies, too?”
“Well, if you get me a real puppy, I’ll stop looking at their pictures.”
“No puppy,” May only comments, ending the discussion successfully. Tony huffs out a breath, giving Peter his phone back before turning to the coffee machine. “And no tinkering with any of my stuff unless it’s broken.”
“May, dear, just because something isn’t broken doesn’t mean it can’t be improved.”
May shakes her head, not buying anything Tony says. “This isn’t you improving things, it’s you being nervous and needing an outlet. My coffee machine will not suffer because of it. Find something else to do.”
Peter snorts at Tony’s pout, and is rewarded with a half-serious glare. “Hush, Underoos, and eat your breakfast. Appreciate the bagels I bought.”
It’s Monday morning, and Tony let himself into their apartment at five of six in the morning with a bag full of fresh bagels in his hand, hellbent on driving Peter to school today. Because today is his first day back 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Sudden Fame
Peter has to deal with people suddenly noticing him
Tony Stark feels guilty

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones

