Chapter 1: SOMETHING IS ROTTEN IN THE STATE OF DENMARK
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
With Hill’s report the Avenger’s meeting had officially ended, for which Tony was very very glad. He was still sore from the battle; why did he always have to be the one to be sent through buildings first and the one to end up with the most injuries out of everyone? Oh yeah, his self-destructive nature, okay. Even so, he was supposed to be the heavy hitter, not the heavily hit one. Or maybe he was. Whatever, he was on the verge of a migraine again. He still had to go and work on that electric car Stark Resilient was supposed to show at the 21-Green International Expo in Seattle and he had the most stubborn and hard-assed people he could have found to work with him on it. Hopefully they could work without arguing too much today. Oh hell, who was he kidding? Of course they wouldn’t even start working without a fight over the specs for the car’s second matrix they had supposedly already settled on yesterday and would begin to build today.Oh, and Pepper wanted Rescue upgraded. Of course she did. And Rhodey had told him that she hadn’t even liked the reactor arc the first time he put it on her to save her life! He’d never understand Pepper. He usually liked her that way anyway, it was more fun.Tony was brought back from his reverie by a big heavy hand on his left shoulder, which -- judging by the strength of the grip-- could only belong to one person.“Hey. You okay?” The voice was soft and tinted with concern.“Steve. Oh, yeah, yeah. I’m—” Tony looked around to find no one besides them both in the room “—okay. I dozed off, didn’t I?”It was good to be back in a team, even if half of them hated his guts and the other half… probably hated his guts too but showed it less. Sitting in a chair in the meeting room with only Steve for company brought back memories of better times.“You’ve been working too much on too many things lately, Tony; you should take a break.” Steve cradled Tony’s head in his hands and gently lifted his face so they’d look each other in the eye.Tony snorted. “Hi Pot. I’m Kettle,” he waved a hand halfheartedly, smiling.“I’m being serious,” replied Steve with a frown.“Me too,” Tony freed himself from Steve’s hands and rose to his feet, suddenly angry and with, yes, a full-on migraine. Great. He tried not to shout. He barely managed it, his voice just a little higher than normal.“You’re the top dog now! Can you tell me that you’re not overworking, too? But I don’t call you on it, do I? Because I understand how it is. You should—” Tony stopped. He really didn’t want to fight with Steve now. Ever since they had come back from Hela’s Asgardian hell he had been wonderfully, if sometimes a bit unnervingly, nice to him. More understanding too. Maybe even a bit friendlier than before Extremis. And he touched Tony a lot more than he ever remembered him doing. Tony wasn’t sure what to make out of that.The air felt heavy in the dark empty room, the only source of light being a tiny ray poking in from the hallway through the slightly ajar door. Whoever had left last had turned the lights off.He expected Steve to retaliate, shout back at him, to get angry. It had been a very stressful week, what with that Kang mess and everything else; they both were like time bombs ready to explode. Instead, Steve inhaled and exhaled slowly, as if mentally counting to ten before answering.“I don’t want to fight,” he said evenly.“I don’t want to, either. Sorry I snapped at you,” replied Tony softly, massaging his head to try and lessen his migraine.“It’s all right, Tony. It’s all right,” said Steve, circling him with those big arms of his and…“Steve? Are you—You are aware that this isn’t exactly a hug. Right?”…Embraced him.O-kay. It was one of those weird, awkward moments. Again.“Yes?” was Steve’s answer, while resting his head on Tony’s shoulder. Tony waited for Steve to let go and make light of the gesture, to say something that’d make this whole situation less confusing and therefore less uncomfortable but he didn’t.It seemed like everyone had gone to their respective homes already too, so no chance of someone walking in on them and breaking the moment.Thing was… even though the Avengers loitered around the Tower most of the day, there were actually only three people inhabiting it: Jarvis, Steve and Tony. After all of what had transpired between the teams these past months it was understandable that they wouldn’t want to live in the building; there were too many ghosts, too much history. Tony would be lying, though, if he said it hadn’t hurt when thinking everyone would be back –foolishly hoping so--, no one had, in fact, stayed. The first two nights alone in the too spacious penthouse had been awfully glum and Tony had been ecstatic when Steve moved in, he still was, but then there were the awkward occasions when, everyone gone and Jarvis out with May, he didn’t know what to do wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Identity Porn
Rimming

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

