Chapter 1: Daddy
    




Chapter Text
"The Daddy Club!? Tony, come on--!" "Now hold on," Tony raised a finger, pausing what would no doubt be an admonishing lecture from the Captain. "Its a respectable business - the girls are all vetted, clean, they live well. And the clients... get what we pay for." "Its degrading," Steve shot back, arms crossed. "Some poor girl, stuck in that life--" "With how much I pay for a visit, none of those girls are stuck there," Tony snorted. He could still see the tension in his friend's shoulders, the disapproval in his frown; and the curiosity in his eyes. "Really, they're businesswomen in a  booming industry - they do call it the Oldest Profession, y'know." "Hm," Steve Rogers, despite his golden status, chewed at his cheek in intrigue. He had been wound tightly lately, none of his dates panning out - he'd only been finding relief in his hand, thus Tony's offer. "...and they... they call you that?" He could barely form the word. "Daddy?" Tony's smirk was confident; he had him hooked. "They can; but they'll call ya whatever name you want. Daddy, Sir, Master," he paused, dark brows raising. "Captain." The apple in Steve's throat bobbed with a gulp. He had always wanted to hear that from a dame... but was too afraid to ask for it. "C'mon, Cap - least you could do is come with me, see for yourself. You'll be my guest," he clapped a hand on Steve's shoulder. He knew he already had him convinced. "Its not so bad - have a drink, meet the girls. You could use a breather." His nose wrinkled slightly, but he already knew his answer; if only to douse his interest. "Fine. One drink." Tony's smirk became a full blown grin. "Just one drink," he nodded, knowing it would most certainly be more. "And you gotta let me introduce you to this one girl -- the things she can do..."💋Of all your clients, the Philanthropist was one of your favorites. You knew who he was - who didn't? - but you never let his stardom or heroics get in the way of the fantasy. He paid good money to be someone else when he entered the club, when he selected your name; and you were happy to oblige his requests. He was always just as glad to give as well as got; another highlight to the arrangement. Not every girl was quite so lucky. With a quick zhuzh of your hair, and his preferred pink lipstick, you were ready to go. The frilly little dress, the Mary Jane heels; it was a little cliche, but far be it from you to question his specifics when he was footing the considerable bill. The last step was wriggling your panties down your legs, tossing them on your vanity; he always found they got in the way. "Wait, hold on," Delia, the 'talent agent' for the evening, stopped you before you could leave the dressing room. She glanced at her tablet, checking over the order notes. "Not pink tonight - he wants red lips." "Red?" You raised a brow. he had been consistent with color up until that point; but it was a minor change. A quick makeup wipe, Forbidden Apple Red pulled from your kit, and you were right as rain. Despite another odd look from Delia, you were given the green light, and made your way into the service corridor. This hallway was just for you girls; walking safely between clients, to keep yourselves untouched and unseen by unwanted eyes. Anonymity was paramount, and came with the membership. You didn't even have to ask which room he booked; it was always The Lounge. Styled like a 1960s den, with deep red tones, dark wood and thick leather seats, it was by far the most stylish suite kept by the Club. He had taste; and you didn't mind that at all. The Philanthropist made good company. However, as your hand grasped the correct knob, you could hear a second voice in the room - what laid in store for you this time? You couldn't help wide eyes when you opened the door and saw who sat with your regular. America's golden son. The Philanthropist turned in his leather Malibu, wearing the same shit eating grin he always did when you walked in. "Baby doll," he purred, raising his highball glass, certainly full of some expensive bourbon. "Its been too long - I hope you haven't been too lonely." The famous captain didn't make a sound, merely watched you with shy eyes. You could guess that he was egged into coming; but you'd make it worth both their while. "Hi, Daddy," you hummed in response, swaying your hips across the carpeted floor, delicately perching yourself on the arm of his chair. "Don't worry, I wasn't too bored - I can always play with myself." 'Daddy' darted his tongue over his lips and curved his arm around your waist; the leather squeaked in the Captain's matching chair as he shifted uncomfortably. "Well, none of that tonight," he pinched your thigh, and you yelped dutifully. His dark eyes slid back to his guest, his terrified guest, before returning to yours. "I brought a friend for play time, baby. You alright with that?" Of course you were - you would've left the second you opened the door if you weren't. You just didn't 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
Hulk (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Prostitution
Escort Service
Daddy Kink
Sex Club
Lipstick & Lip Gloss
Riding
Cock Worship
Threesome - F/M/M
Coercion
Mildly Dubious Consent
Vaginal Fingering
Sex Work
sex worker reader
Unprotected Sex
Costume Kink
Lesbian Sex
Overstimulation
Sex Toys
Praise Kink
Cuddling & Snuggling
Cunnilingus
Restraints
Dom/sub
Boys Kissing
Nervousness
Breeding
Ownership
Power Imbalance
Erotic Electrostimulation
Alcohol
Medical Procedures
Medical Kink
Latex
Sex Toys Under Clothing
Medical Examination
Drug Use
Needles
Fisting
Belly Kink
Come Inflation
Bruises
Voyeurism
Cock & Ball Torture
Name-Calling
Bondage
Breathplay
Subspace
Aftercare
Verbal Humiliation

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
Hulk (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

