Work Text:
To the Editor:I write this letter because I am horrified at the state of accessibility in the city of New York […] Notwithstanding the specifics of the ADA and other federal and state legislation, it is the thoughtlessness of the average city shopkeeper and innkeeper that appals me. Just today I went past a bakery that had stacked outdoor tables and a ghastly, faux-chalkboard specials board on the sidewalk such that it was impossible for a wheelchair user to pass…Charles Xavier, New York City, Sept. 2nd 2011[The writer is a professor of molecular genetics at NYU]*It's been a bad day already. The grant of probate came through; Erik signed the documents the lawyers sent. And now there's this.Erik has seen the kid in front of the bakery before. He's hard to miss, with the sleek wheelchair, made of aluminium and ferrous metals and an odd taint of something else overlaying it all. Erik tends to remember the shapes of metal, and even without that it's harder yet to forget the wide-eyed expression, the exasperation with a whole planet that's mostly in his way.He's got that look now, half-getting up to push things out of the way with hands balled into fists. "Don't be a hero," Erik mutters to himself, and starts shoving tables out of his way, not quite daring hold out an arm to help the kid. The chairs are stacked up in rows outside the window glass."I heard that," the kid tells him, blowing out anger through gritted teeth, and wheeling through into the bakery, giving up on the chairs. He pauses a moment to look around, and Erik follows his gaze instinctively: looks at the old beams, the glass counter set back against more wood panelling, the shelves holding knick-knacks from the old country, the chessboard sitting in pride of place, takes them in as though he were seeing them for the first time.Close-to, Erik realises he's not a kid, but maybe twenty, twenty-five. It's hard to tell how tall he is because he's halfway between sitting and standing, and his hair is all messy curls hiding his face. He has nice eyes. He looks a little familiar. Erik puts these details away into the neat filing cabinet of his mind and returns to the matter at hand.The man looks directly at him. "And you might have noticed that I am not being a hero, I have a perfectly nice chair, which frankly is the cleanest item in your establishment that is capable of being sat upon, which I would be sitting in and making my way to work in if it weren't for, oh, that enormous stack of crap between me and the rest of 14th Street!""You're right," Erik says, which seems to discomfit him a little. "You're right, I'll clear it up right away and next time I'll keep the space clear.""Thank you," says the man, but he's still sounding annoyed and Erik, guiltily, doesn't blame him. There's still that indefinable something, that air of familiarity about him."But nothing in here is dirty," Erik says, feeling oddly stung by this assault on his honour. Even given everything, he's proud of the bakery's old-world good looks. It reminds him that there's an ugly old dresser he needs to take apart, open up some more space for tables. "My staff and I scour the place every morning."The man runs a finger down the back of the chair back closest to him. "Of course it's not," he says, conciliatory. "I apologise for my insult, it was quite at random.""May I offer you a bagel?" Erik asks. "Best in town. Kosher.""No, thank you," the man says, calmly. "Thank you for your time."He wheels out. Erik is hyper-aware of the movement of metal, as usual, but there's still something else there, something about the man himself laid over the familiar slices of steel, aluminium and blood-iron.*Charles can get up for a few minutes at a time if he has to, but tends to regret it for hours later; he's grateful he didn’t give in to his first impulse to stand up and shout at the bakery-owner, mentally composing yet another letter to the newspaper as he goes home. He lets himself in to the apartment and rolls gently into the kitchen, thinking."Charles, is that you?" Raven bounces up on the kitchen counter and swings her legs. She's clearly halfway though making dinner; something smells good in the oven."No, it's the tooth fairy," he says, a little more snappily than he meant to, but she smiles at him, and takes his scarf and bag from him and goes through to throw them on a couch."Need anything done for you before I go?" she asks, cheerfully. "I'm going upstate to see friends over Labor Day weekend. You remember, don't you?""Vaguely," Charles mutters. He does remember, dimly; he's never been much of a morning person but he's sure she mentioned it over breakfast. "I'll be fine."He picks up the morning plates, covered with sticky toast crumbs and tosses them in the sink. After a moment's thought he starts making a salad, slowly, chopping vegetables with great meticulousness."Plenty to do?" Raven asks, an edge of schadenfreude to her smile.Charles groans and stabs a tomato. "I have at least 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

