Chapter 1: Knight Buses, Gringotts and Cleansings
    


Summary:

Harry got kicked out of Privet Drive so he heads to the Leaky. He then goes to Gringotts and what he finds makes him rethink if those he calls his trusted can really be trusted.





Chapter Text
“OUT BOY! OUT! DON'T COME BACK!”, Uncle Vernon shouted at me. I ran upstairs and took all my belongings and immediately threw them inside of my trunk. I sent Hedwig to the Leaky because that's where I'll be staying for the rest of the summer vacation.

I quickly ran out of the damned house with my trunk in hand. I sat down the curb contemplating how I will reach Leaky Cauldron. I took my wand and fiddled with it and started tapping in in my hand, then when I tapped it on the curb a bus immediately arrived in front of me. A man came out of the bus wearing a uniform of sorts.

“Hello! I am Steve and this is the Knight Bus! Where are we heading young lad?”, said the man who came out of the bus.

“Uhm can we go to the Leaky Cauldron? I just need to find a place to stay for the night.”, I replied while the man took my trunk and Hedwig's empty cage. He brought it inside the bus after I went in. None of us noticed a black dog eyeing us quietly by the trees.

” I will protect you Prongslet, I just need to find a certain rat first.”, the black dog or perhaps a certain prisoner escapee thought to himself.

“Yeah sure kiddo that would be 10 Sickles.”, the man said after he placed my things on the seat beside me. I took out my pouch that still had money from my last trip to Gringotts with Mrs. Weasley. I gave him exactly 10 Sickles, then he gave me a purple ticket and the bus started.

To say that the bus was fast is an understatement. It was running very damn fast! It feels like a thousand miles per second. After a good 15 minutes, the bus finally stopped in front of the Leaky Cauldron.

“Here’s your stop kiddo. Hope you have a nice stay there!”, the man said to me when he dropped me and my things off in front of the Leaky Cauldron. He closed the door and the bus vanished the same way it has arrived earlier in front of me.

I entered the Leaky Cauldron and approached Tom the Barman.

“Uh, can I rent a room for a few days?”, I asked.

“Yeah sure, that would be 6 Sickles Mr.?, Tom replied without looking at me because he was busy searching for a key in his drawer.

“Uhm Potter, Harry Potter.”, the moment I said that Tom froze and looked at me with a key in hand.

“The Ha-Harry P-Po-Potter? Well here is your key to room 13”, Tom sputtered while handing the key. I thanked him and took my things up to the room. It was already night, I looked outside the window and saw the moon shining brightly. I yawned and decided to lay down in the bed. Hmm, what should I do for the remainder of the summer and I remembered that I already got my Hogwarts letter so I'll shop tomorrow but first I need to visit Gringotts. With everything planned I fell asleep.

The morning arrived and I got out of bed. Took a bath, changed clothes, ate breakfast downstairs, and then immediately walked towards the white building called Gringotts.

When I entered I saw several witches and wizards inside walking in and out. I searched the whole place for a line that is short but then I saw Griphook was available. I walked towards him and said,

“Good day Griphook, may your wealth prosper and your enemies cower in fear. May I request for a cart down to my vault? I would like to make a withdrawal for my school necessities.”, I said with a tone of respect. I have read in a book that if you treat Goblins with respect, they too would respect you.

Of course, I read if Hermione wasn't just forcing me out of the library every damn time I would've read more. I'm not actually stupid, I just hide my intelligence because I don't want Granger to start shouting that she is the brightest of our generation and competition is one way to make her more worse than she already is.

“Yes you may Heir Potter-Black but I have a question. Why are you ignoring the mails we have sent to you? You may have replied once saying that you give access to Albus Dumbledore, Molly Weasley, Ron Weasley, Ginevra Weasley, and Hermione Granger to take money out of your vaults but other than that you have been ignoring our letters.”, Griphook said. I looked at him with wide eyes, Heir? Letters? Since when did I give access for them to take money from me?

“Excuse me Griphook but I have not received any letters from Gringotts and most certainly I have never given anyone access to my vaults! I would like a full audit on my vaults Griphook.”, I said. Griphook grew angry but not at me but to those thieving bastards.

“Well, then Heir Potter-Black before we do the audit we must know how many vaults you own. To do that we must do an inheritance test.”, Griphook explained when he took out a piece of thick parchment and a small knife. I took the piece of parchment and looked at Griphook clearly asking on what do with it. Griphook then mouthed 'blood' w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James Potter/Tony Stark
Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner/Severus Snape
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel)/Draco Malfoy
Sirius Black/Steve Rogers
Remus Lupin/James "Bucky" Barnes
Theodore Nott/Blaise Zabini
Magnus Bane/Alec Lightwood
Simon Lewis/Jace Wayland
Cedric Diggory/Viktor Krum
Regulus Black/Clint Barton
Orion Black/Stephen Strange
Terry Boot/Cormac McLaggen
Dean Thomas/Zacharias Smith
OMC/OMC/Pietro Maximoff/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Mpreg
Implied Mpreg
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Molly Weasley Bashing
Ron Weasley Bashing
Hermione Granger Bashing
Ginny Weasley Bashing
Good Severus Snape
Hogwarts Third Year
Parent Tony Stark
Magically Powerful Harry Potter
Powerful Harry
Seer Harry Potter
Sirius Black Free from Azkaban
Soulmates
Tony Stark is Harry Potter's Parent
Harry likes to wear turtlenecks and suits
Book 3: Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Harry can see through the future like it's his phone
Shadowhunters!!!
Jace and Simon got married
Clary died i'm sorry
Harry has an AI named Merlin
Harry loves children
Protective Harry
Regulus Black Lives
James Potter Lives
James likes to raise his eyebrows
James is the only one who can tame Tony
steve is so whipped
Natasha loves burritos
Harry likes to destroy the whole avengers series by interfering
Not Canon Compliant
Basically the original canons have been fucked up
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Master of Death Harry Potter
Master of Chaos Harry Potter
Matchmaker Harry Potter
Consensual Underage Sex

fandom: 
James Potter/Tony Stark
Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner/Severus Snape
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel)/Draco Malfoy
Sirius Black/Steve Rogers
Remus Lupin/James "Bucky" Barnes
Theodore Nott/Blaise Zabini
Magnus Bane/Alec Lightwood
Simon Lewis/Jace Wayland
Cedric Diggory/Viktor Krum
Regulus Black/Clint Barton
Orion Black/Stephen Strange
Terry Boot/Cormac McLaggen
Dean Thomas/Zacharias Smith
OMC/OMC/Pietro Maximoff/Peter Parker

