Work Text:
Winters on Asgard were utterly beautiful.There was always a light dusting of snow on the ground, littered with tiny footprints of small creatures that had flitted through the white mounds. Thick strands of icicles hung from the trees like ornaments, decorating the branches with what looked like strings of diamonds. The lakes, usually a deep green, were frozen over with glass-like ice. It was this beauty that drew you to the gardens, where the Spring flowers had coiled and buried beneath the hard soil, only to be replaced with snow blossoms and frost petals. A heavy cloak hung over your shoulders as you walked through the snow-covered path, lined with twinkling bulbs of lavender ice. You were at peace until you heard your name being called in a hearty voice. You turned and met eyes with a guard, his winter armor covering most of his face.“The King requires your presence,” he said, turning to the side as an indication to follow him. Your belly warmed at the mention of the King, sending flares of heat through your body to contrast with the chill of the outdoors.“Very well,” you replied with a courteous nod. The guard walked you inside, winding through the wide halls of the palace until you reached the golden doors of the throne room. You straightened your back as the standing guards pulled open the large doors. You raised your chin as you swept inside and smiled as the King came into view. “My King.”“My love,” Loki said, seated on the throne with his legs splayed wide. Gungnir was balanced neatly in one hand as he watched you approach him. With two fingers lifting slightly from the staff, Loki signaled for the doors to the room to be closed. They shut behind you with a bang as you stood at the bottom of the throne’s dais, only you, Loki, and a handful of guards occupying the throne room.“You called for me?” you asked as you dipped into a deep curtsey that allowed Loki to gain a generous view of your breasts. You had purposefully slipped the top of the cloak open to reveal them for him on the way to the throne room. Loki hummed and dragged his finger along his lip.“I did, didn’t I?” he murmured, his eyes glued to your breasts. Catching himself, Loki glanced back up at you with a bright grin. “I missed you.”“I missed you too,” you admitted with a slight blush.“Where were you, darling?” Loki asked.“I was in the gardens. I wasn’t expecting you to call for me. You are a very busy man during the day,” you explained. Suddenly, a sense of worry filled your stomach as you took a step forward. “Is everything okay?”“Yes, little one,” Loki laughed joyously. He shook his head and rolled his eyes playfully. “You worry too much about me.”“I love you. I can’t help it. It’s my job,” you said with a shrug.“Mm, I love you too, darling,” Loki said. His voice dropped an octave, a seductive purr escaping his lips. “But you do have other jobs, you know.” “I know,” you whispered.“And what other job do you have, kitten?” Loki asked, a sly smirk on his face. You bit your lip and shuffled side to side. Normally, you wouldn’t have an issue answering this question. However, the guards lining the walls had you second guessing your normally quick tongue. Loki cleared his throat with impatience and you looked down.“To please you, my King,” you said through a barely audible hush.“Good. I’m glad you remembered.” Loki leaned forward and pointed his chin towards your cloak. “Tell me, is it cold outside?”“Very,” you answered. “I can tell. I can feel the chill in here,” Loki said, faking a shiver. You lifted a brow, knowing he was lying. It was nearly impossible for him to get cold, though you kept your mouth shut. There was a twinkle in Loki’s eyes that indicated he was ready to play with you. Loki sat back in his throne and spread his legs a little wider. “Hence why I called you here.”“Are you looking for me to keep you warm, my King?” you asked with a giggle.“In a sense,” he mumbled. Loki’s eyes raked your body and he nodded appreciatively. “Come here.”You collected your dress in your hands to make a clear path for your feet. You climbed the steps of the dais up to the throne, aware of Loki’s eyes on you the entire time. When you reached the top of the steps, you dropped the ends of your dress and folded your hands behind your back, ever the demure lover of the King. “What can I do for you, Loki?” you asked. Loki placed a spell over Gungnir to keep the staff standing on its own. Loki then ran his hands down the tops of his thighs. You followed the trail his hands took with your eyes, only to realize that when his hands brushed near his hips, his cock was straining in his pants. You licked your lips subconsciously, an act which did not go unnoticed by Loki.“I want you,” Loki purred, reaching forward and wrapping his hands around your hips. He grinned as he rubbed circles into your hips with his thumbs. Then, with a wink, Loki tugged you forward. You landed in his lap with a squeal, your legs bracketing his thighs.“Loki!” you giggled. Y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
loki (marvel) & you

freeform: 
Smut
Shameless Smut
Sex
Rough Sex
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Fingerfucking
Finger Sucking
Throne Sex
Public Sex
Exhibitionism
Dirty Talk
Cock Warming
Orgasm Delay/Denial
King Loki (Marvel)
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Sex
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
POV Second Person
no y/n
Dom/sub
Dom Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
loki (marvel) & you

