Chapter 1: Hold On to Me as We Go
    




Chapter Text
“Peter, hurry the hell up. You’re gonna miss the bus and I'm not driving you again!”Peter rolled his eyes and closed his notebook. He’d been with this foster family for six months now. Jane and Frank weren’t the worst he’d had, at least. The worst part was sharing his bedroom with three other boys, each more annoying than the last.“Peter!”“Coming!” he called back. Sighing, he grabbed his backpack and jacket and bounded down the stairs. “Can’t I at least get something to eat?”Jane threw an apple at him. “Get out, and if I hear that you skip school again you’re gonna be grounded till you’re dead.”“Good luck. I’m out the day I turn eighteen,” Peter muttered. He slammed the door before she could say anything and raced for the bus stop.Gwen was already on the bus by the time he made it on. She waved him over and patted the seat next to her. “You almost missed it,” she scolded when he plopped down beside her. Peter just shrugged.“I was studying for chemistry. Got a big test today, didn’t get to study last night.”Gwen frowned. “Why not?”“Frank had me working on the back porch again ‘till late.”“Is that railing really still broken?”Peter snorted. “Yeah,” he replied bitterly. “I’m starting to think he’s breaking it every time I fix the fucking thing.”“Maybe you should talk to a case worker,” Gwen suggested. Peter shook his head and slouched in the seat.“Tried it. Over and over. I’m sick of trying to get CPS to listen to me about these shitty foster homes. All I have is three more years and then I'm out forever.”Gwen patted his arm and leaned her head against his shoulder. “I’m sorry,” she said quietly. Peter just nodded and opened his notebook again.--------------------Tony dodged another tentacle and fired off a few more repulsor blasts. “Okay, it’s officially not working,” he confirmed.
“Really? You didn’t figure that out five minutes ago when you fired one straight in its eye and it just blinked?”
“Sarcasm doesn’t transmit well over the comms, Barton,” Tony replied. “Not that you’re any good at it.”
“Okay, wait, see if this translates: fuck you with a brick.”
Tony grinned and let loose several small missiles at the octopus’s head. “Cap, on your left,” he called. The supersoldier dodged just before a large tentacle slammed down in the street where he’d been standing. “Anyone got any ideas on how to handle this thing?”“I say we get Thor to fry it into sushi,” Sam said. He swooped down next to Tony and fired his talon towards the octopus’s head. The creature just batted the weapon away and turned to shriek at the pair in the sky.“I didn’t even know that octopuses made noise like that,” Tony muttered. He frowned. “Octopuses? Octopi? JARVIS, what’s the plural?”“Now’s really not the time, Iron Man,” Cap called. “Focus on the mission in front of us.”“I’m focused, I’m focused,” Tony grinned.“Thor, can you try your lightning?” Cap continued. “Sam might be on to something.”Thor zoomed past Tony and Sam, hammer held out in front of him. Above them, storm clouds gathered and lightning began to flash.“For Asgard!” Tony heard Thor shout. Streaks of lightning flashed across the sky, slamming into the octopus from every angle. The creature shrieked again and convulsed from the electricity.“This is borderline horrifying,” Tony whispered to Sam. The other man just nodded, staring open- mouthed at the scene in front of him.Eventually, the monster shuddered again and collapsed in the street, tentacles flailing as it fell.Cap approached the monster and examined it carefully “Looks like we’re all clear. Nice thinking, Falcon.”“I’m almost regretting coming up with the idea.”Tony just clapped Sam’s shoulder and swooped down to land beside Cap. He slid the faceplate up and kicked at the octopus with one booted foot. “Not bad,” he said appreciatively. “Looks like dinner’s on Thor.”“I’m not eating that fucking thing, it tried to suck my face off,” Bucky said. Tony looked up and saw him remove his facemask and dismantle his sniper rifle. “I say we order pizza and let SHIELD clean up the squid guts.”“Here, here.” Tony turned to Cap and flipped the faceplate down again. “Want a ride?” he asked. The other man nodded and slid his shield back in its holster on his back.“No wild moves,” he warned Tony. Tony just shrugged and extended his hand. “I mean it, Stark, if you try anything—”“Better hold on, Spangles.” With that, Tony took off towards the Tower at full speed, forcing Cap to wrap his arms around Tony’s neck and shoulders.Back at the Tower, Steve tugged his cowl off and watched JARVIS dismantle the suit while Tony walked inside. “I thought I said no wild moves,” he said.“Sorry, Mom.” Tony collapsed on the couch and pulled out a tablet. “Did you see how Sam’s wings listed to the left? JARVIS, pull up the scans for Falcon’s wings, they might need to be recalibrated.”Steve sat in the armchair and watched while Tony worked. Eventually the rest of the team arrived, and Bucky immediately coll
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Superfamily
Superhusbands
Peter Feels
Teen Peter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Fluff and Angst
Adopted Children
Foster Care
Getting Together
Parent Tony Stark
Child Abuse
(just for a little bit and then the guy gets the shit beat out of him)
Family Feels
Stony - Freeform
winterhawk - Freeform
Panic Attacks
Mental Health Issues

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

