Chapter 1: Grey Clouds
    


Notes:
Chapter 1 warnings: War, major character death, some blood

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The rain was violet when the kingdom fell.In eighteen years, Peter had seen every colour of the rains. Blue showers at midnight turning new flowers silver; eerie splotchy greens in the winter which stained everything, from walls to hair to the snow; bright dawns with crimson water droplets melting into the golden sunrise; he had even seen a clear rain, once. When he was five the skies opened unexpectedly and he sprinted home from the stables, but stopped mesmerised at the transparent grey colour which flooded the kingdom.Before now, before these senseless battles of empty ambition and cold steel, Peter had associated purple rains with laughter and soft spring grass emerging from a winter thaw. He could remember dancing in magenta light with his mother and wringing out lavender stains from his clothes with Ned and Michelle.Now his eyes flickered over the pillars of smoke joining the grey clouds in the sky. Peter swallowed the lump in his throat, forcing himself to breathe in the stench of blood on the air as he looked out the tower window.Now purple rains would always be remembered this way, he thought. And this pale violet colour in particular, this would haunt his people for generations to come - those who were left anyway.Anthony the Conqueror was known to decimate the populations he invaded. If Peter had to guess, there would be no national identity in this kingdom by the time the month closed. Everyone would be dead or sold.And in the background of all of it, in the songs and the paintings which would tell this story, would be a splash of violet; impossible to scrub out from history, the same dark colour as the heart of a bruise.“My Prince …”Peter turned from the window, blinking the tears fiercely from his eyes. Michelle stood in the doorway, blood trickling from a wound on her temple. She lurched forward a step, her armour shredded. Peter hurried to her side, putting a hand on her chest and guiding her to the desk in his office. He sat down and tugged her into his lap, holding her close.“Where are you hurt?” He asked urgently but she shook her head.“I’m fine, it is just my head.” Peter knew she was lying, in no small part because there was no such thing as just a head wound. He suspected the darkening moisture around her stomach was another tale, but it was difficult to be sure what with how the rain had soaked her.“My Prince.”“MJ,” he grasped her hands in his, her fingers were far too cold.“Peter,” her eyelids were fluttering and part of Peter knew he should help. Should fetch a blanket and a needle and thread. But some other part of him knew that this was over. Michelle was the last of his friends still alive and now she would be the last of them to die. The last before him anyway.“It’s okay, you’re going to see everyone soon,” He promised, putting a hand against the wound on her head, stroking her hair back behind her ear. She smiled a bit, her weight slumped further into the chair, further against him. Peter supposed it might look awkward, wedged together as they were on the chair, but all he could think was that he wanted to hold her even closer, wanted to reassure her even more.Michelle tucked her head into his neck and whispered:“He will make you an offer,”Gooseflesh slid up Peter’s arms and on the back of his neck. He could feel a tremor in his lower back starting before she had even finished. He tangled his fingers with hers and rocked her tenderly, breathing in the clean scent of the beautiful rain outside.“What do you mean?” He thought he knew, but asked anyway. Perhaps he was misinterpreting, perhaps he was wrong, perhaps the blood loss had addled her brain.“Anthony, is coming here.”“To kill me.” Peter said, but then realised it was less a statement and more a confirmation - he is coming to kill me, right? So I can be with you and Mother and Father and Uncle Benjamin and Aunt May and Ned. He wouldn’t leave me alive, he wouldn’t do something so cruel.“He is going to ask you to marry him,” Her voice was wavering, weakening, and she was becoming heavier against him. Peter felt his lip curl in disgust, rage ignited in his chest.“I would never-““Please, Peter!” She was gasping now, fading ever faster and Peter was chiding himself for so awkwardly seating them like this, for not even thinking to bring her water or lay her down comfortably, “Peter it’s the only way. He will kill everyone or -”For a heart-stopping moment, Peter thought she was dead. But then he felt the shallow rise of her back under his fingers and he tucked his face against her hair.His voice cracked: “MJ?”“It’s the only way, Peter.” Peter wondered if he had ever seen Michelle cry before, as her body convulsed and hiccuped against him - perhaps aware of the horror of what she was asking him. She must know how unfair it was, for them to expect this 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Quentin Beck & Peter Parker
Brad Davis & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Medieval
Character Death
War
Dark Tony
Forced Marriage
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Unhealthy Relationships
Anxiety
Grief/Mourning
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Domestic Violence
Slow Burn
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
eventually
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Quentin Beck & Peter Parker
Brad Davis & Peter Parker

