Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 


Chapter 1

"Introduction"
   Steve rogers was a young happy and a lively boy. He just finished his high school in brooklyn where he lived with his mother and father. He always had a dream to go for the Harvard University in boston. Luckily his parents agreed and this year was going to be an important one in his life since he finally achieved one of his goals.He went to the university for an interview and was head over the heels when he got his invitation letter from Harvard. Within a month he backed his stuff and left. He was really lucky that his childhood best friends james buchanan Barnes aka Bucky was with him and will attend the university with him. They both started the university and everything was perfect the studies were great.Steve was an A grade student the best in all classes especially in Art. He and Bucky got themselves in a group of 5 friends which included Steve himself, Bucky, A muscular blonde Thor, The son of the famous billionaire Howard stark Anthony stark aka Tony stark and a sweet geeky handsome Bruce Banner. Everything was going perfect Until Steve met her. Sharon Carter the daughter of Nicholas and Amanda Carter. She was rich , Beautiful, Harvard's head of Cheerleader and everything a teenage girl would ask for. When she first saw the blue eyed Blonde with a few muscles here and their she immediately found her new target. She and Steve started as friends but soon got closers and started to date even though steve's friends never approved of her since Sharon was quite known for her being a Bratt and a attention seeker Steve though that she was different and dated her anyways.Steve fell hard for her and when the day came that he decided he LOVED her and wanted to confess his feelings on the day of Graduation until he found that for Sharon Carter he was just a fling and was nothing more than a times pass since she was cheating on him with Brock the famous basketball player of the university. Steve was really broken since he though it was his first relationship it would probably be the last one he had. He thought he would never love again. He was really devastated and wasn't the same Steve Rogers his friends and family knew he wasn't lively as he used to be. His friends always told him that Sharon was not good for him at all and that he should forget that cheater and move on and achieve his goals.From that day onwards Steve decided to put another goal in his life Revenge from Sharon Carter. 
6 Years Later....
Now six years later Steve Rogers was World's one of the most successful Artist whose net worth was in billions. By looks a 28 year old bachelor with those ocean blue eyes,fair skin,Blonde and muscles that made him look like a Greek God. If looks could kill phrase had a face Steve Rogers would be it meanwhile his buds were just as sucessful as him. Bucky and Thor were world famous fashion designers they together opened a brand called J&T , Tony took over his father's bussiness and took it internationally making stark industries one of the most sucessful industries in the world and finally Bruce was a well known and respected Scientist. Anyone who would look at Steve could easily tell that he have finally achieved all his goals but for him there was one important thing that needed to be done. 
Carter's Residency
A car was passing the gate to enter the home of the famous business man Nicholas Carter and his wife Amanda Carter. A handsome young man stood out of that car and respectively rang the doorbell that was opened by the house maid"May I help you sir" asked the house maid "Hi mam I'm here to discuss a important matter with Mr. Nicholas Carter and Mrs. Amanda carter" said Steve "Oh are you Steve Rogers" she asked and steve nodded"Oh I'm so sorry sir please come in I'll call Mr and Mrs Carter right now""Its okay" said steveSteve was guiding into to gorgeous sitting room by the house maid and she asked "do you need any drink sir?" "No thanks just water is fine" said Steve while giving a small smile"Okay dear" the maid left to bring his water. She gave it to Steve who thanked her and than the maid went to call the Carters.Soon Nicholas arrived and greeted Steve by shaking his hand. Steve and Nicholas have met each other before since Steve made quite a few of art pieces in Nick's office . Soon Amanda Carter also joined them and Nicholas asked Steve."So what pleasure do i owe you steve" asked NickAs Steve was about to answer when Sharon entered the house with a loud groan complaining how tired she was from her long shopping trip while all the servants were carrying her bags looking miserable when her eyes landed on Steve she was shocked. Her eyes were so wide that it looked like they would pop out any moment and Steve smirked. Sharon's throat went dry when she saw that the guy she cheated on in her university was sitting on front of her looking like a Greek God and she cursed the day she cheated on him.Nicholas coughed and sharon cleared her throat tellin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wanda Maximoff
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Past Relationship(s)
Past Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Revenge
Marriage Proposal
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Eventual Romance
Sharon just ruins everything
Wedding
Wedding Night
First Time
Fluff and Smut
Oral Sex
Shower Sex
Honeymoon
Turkey - Freeform
change of feelings
Cunnilingus
Island - Freeform
Affection
Doggy Style
romanogers - Freeform
Emotional Hurt
Character Death
Forgiveness
Fluff
Love Confessions
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
please kill sharon
Almost Rape
Past Rape/Non-con
Guilt
Hostage Situation
Major Character Injury
Idiots in Love
Unplanned Pregnancy
it’s a good one

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wanda Maximoff
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

