Chapter 1: But I Swear, I Can Take Care Of Myself
    


        Chapter by aenor_llelo, Alderous, Datasage, InvaluableOracle


Summary:

I swear, I swear.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 It had sounded fairly reasonable when Connie first brought it up. "I think I might drop this semester." "What?" Steven up at her, still half asleep. "Why?" "I can't exactly go to school when we're still dealing this whole-" she gestures at their suite. "-Moon bullshit." It's nothing against the Moon, or the Selenian city itself. Selenopolis is a very nice city, it would just be nicer if there was a little less Intergalactic Trial Of The Century happening at the moment. She kind of wishes it had existed a few years earlier. It would have made a nice honeymoon destination. "I mean-" She pauses to run her hand through his rosy curls. If she was more scientifically inclined, she'd probably steal a sample to put it under a microscope because Actual Anime Pink Hair must look absolutely wild on a structural level. (...She's stalling. Get on with it, Connie.) "-I could still take online classes, but most of those still have precise times and required hours, and I don't know if I can do that while we're working on the summit." She leans back against the headboard. "It's not that big of a deal," she lies to herself. "I can just continue next spring." "Connie." Steven leans away from her, and oh no, he's actually awake now. "Am I keeping you out of school?" "I mean, not really-" "Are we keeping you out of school." "I-" She pauses at the look on his face. It's not quite guilt- but it's the intense sort of look he usually reserves for a particularly Diamond-nervous Gem, and the fact that he's decided to direct it at her is... kind of uncomfortable, to be honest. "...The summit will keep me out of school." "Okay." Steven blinks. "Go home." What. "What." "C'mon, Connie, we know how important college is to you." He raises an almost unimpressed eyebrow, and the fact she can't tell if this is Sten or Vendan peeking out would be funny if she wasn't feeling a flood of anxiety right now. "You've gone off about how you need to get your bachelors' out of the way." "I know, but- I can't just leave you alone during all this! What about when the trial comes around?" "I won't be alone." The trill is back in his song again. "I've got the Gems. I've got me." There's a soft, tired smile on his face as he takes her gently by the shoulders. "I can take care of myself. So take your time to take care of you, alright? We'll still be here when you get back." "Okay." She takes a deep breath. "Okay." She baps him on the face. "You better keep me updated on how stupid everyone's being, though." "Anything for you, Biscuit."  




Notes:

Strange, isn't it? He tends to talk in plurals more often with those he's more comfortable with.-Welcome to Year 2 aka Connie Goes Feral: Electric Boogaloo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Connie Maheswaran/Steven Universe
Adya Maheswaran & Connor Universe
Jasper & Connie Maheswaran & Steven Universe
Lars Barriga/Steven Universe
Lars Barriga & Connie Maheswaran & Steven Universe

freeform: 
College
Connie Is Feral And Has A Knife
Steven Universe is a Diamond
steven is a fusion
transfer students
People Discovering The Chaos Of America
Connie Fights Someone In A Denny's Parking Lot
Connie "What The Fuck Is Parenthood" Maheswaran
Roommates
Steven And Connie Are Married
Space Politics In The Background
Post-Battle of New York (Marvel)
New York
Once More With Feeling: These Kids Have PTSD
Cute Kids
The Occasional Spicy Outsider POV
Texting
Social Media
People Go To Therapy Because They're Responsible Adults
At Least One Chapter Involving People Losing Their Minds Over A Pink Car
And They Were Brothers (Oh My God They Were Brothers)
It's College So People Say Swears And Talk About NSFW Things
Vague Confused Ramblings About Polyamory
Gemsong
Internet Being Horny
Literal Sleeping Together
Heartsong
Marriage
Marriage of Convenience
Gems Are Still Weird And Never Stopped

fandom: 
Connie Maheswaran/Steven Universe
Adya Maheswaran & Connor Universe
Jasper & Connie Maheswaran & Steven Universe
Lars Barriga/Steven Universe
Lars Barriga & Connie Maheswaran & Steven Universe

