Chapter 1: Rhodey
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Theoretically, Rhodey knew that Tony didn’t have any kids. No matter how drunk or high he had gotten, he always had been careful about that.Practically though, he had just wandered into Tony’s workshop and had come face to face with a teenager with brown eyes and slightly wavy, brown hair. He had the same dear-in-headlights-look Tony sometimes sported when he was caught out doing something he better shouldn’t have, and he was wearing an old MIT-shirt that was most definitely Tony’s.All in all, that would have been enough to let every alarm bell in his head go off. But he also had a smudge of grease on his cheek and was holding a screwdriver in his hand like it was a lifeline. Obviously he was working on something down here, and alone the fact that they were in Tony’s workshop led him to think it was something incredible complicated. Considering everything, this kid reminded him so much of Tony in their first year of MIT, it almost hurt. Theoretically, Rhodey knew that Tony didn’t have any kids.Practically, he knew that if he had – even just one – it would very possibly look like the boy standing frozen in front of him. The boy who recovered first from suddenly coming face to face with each other.“Oh my god! You’re the Iron Patriot! It is so awesome to meet you! Oh wow! Are you here for the armor? I helped Mis- Tony with the updates, I hope you’ll like it!”Rhodey categorized the incoming information the same way he would on a mission – which meant damn fast – but he would still need a few more seconds to process whatever was going on here. He didn’t know the kid, did know even less how the hell he had gotten here, but he knew his best friend. The way this was going, he thought the chances that they would react similar to something were pretty high, and he needed more time. Enough time at least, to figure out what was going on, so he did what he would have done to distract Tony for a moment.“I’m sure it’s awesome. Wanna walk me through what you guys did with it?”It worked almost the same as it would have with the older model. The kid needed a little more encouragement – “I’m sure Tony would be fine if you tell me. He doesn’t want to go too much into it most of the time anyway.” – then he was off talking like a waterfall, spewing facts and numbers so fast that the only reason Rhodey even understood any of it was the years he had spent listening to Tony on his inventing binges.While he listened, he thought about how the kid had clearly been conflicted about what to call Tony and how obvious it was how brilliant he was, maybe even a genius. Most likely a genius. Alone the way he was talking right now was evidence enough of that. If he really had helped Tony - well, Tony didn’t let just anyone work on either of their armors, genius or not. Certainly interesting.The kid had finished talking while he was thinking and was now looking at him with bated breath. He made sure to smile extra wide as he nodded. “That’s awesome, kid.”The boy smiled, but only after a tiny micro-second frown had passed over his face. “Oh my god, Mr Iron Patriot, I am so sorry. I didn’t even introduce myself. I’m Peter.” The kid – Peter – almost fell over his feet in his haste to come over and shake Rhodey’s hand.“Nice to meet you, Peter. Rhodey is just fine, by the way.” He had to hide his smile as he saw him mouth ‘awesome’. In unusually perfect timing, Tony chose that moment to stumble through the door. He stilled for a moment when his eyes landed on Rhodey, but not when he saw Peter. So he had known that he would be here; that was expected, but it was a relief, nonetheless. “Oh good, you met my kid.”For almost three seconds, he thought he must have misheard. Even though everything pointed to the contrary, he thought he must have misunderstood. Tony couldn’t just have said ‘my kid’. Then he saw Peter smile. It was a private little smile, not meant to be seen, and Rhodey remembered the frown from only moments earlier, when he himself had called him ‘kid’. He decided then and there that he wouldn’t be calling Peter ‘kid’ anymore – whatever was going on, that was obviously Tony’s nickname for - the kid. Okay, so he would work on it, but for now there were more pressing matters to attend to. “Tony, can I talk to you for a moment?” He walked out without looking if his friend was following. A few feet down the corridor he went into an empty room and closed the door behind Tony. Before he could say anything, the other man was already speaking.“Is this about the kid?” He already sounded slightly defensive, but that was not what Rhodes latched onto.“Oh, so it’s 'the kid' now, is it?” Tony stiffened, only slightly, but Rhodey had spent too much time with him to miss it.“What exactly are you accusing me of here, Platypus?”“Oh, don’t play dumb with me! You know exactly what I’m asking you!”Tony crossed his arms over his chest. “Spell it out f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Betty Brant & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
5+1
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
and everyone falls for it
Because Tony is a good dad
Fluff
Howards A+ parenting (mentioned)
Rhodey is a good uncle
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
tags will update as I post
Steve has a guilty conscience
And it makes him not think too much about things
steve rogers friendly
he's sorry okay
Now including Harley Keen-star
Jealous Harley
but probably not like you think
Harley deserved his own cool dad
and I named him Robert
Betty is a good friend
even if they aren't that close
Hurt Peter
But Only a Little Bit - Freeform
Sensory Overload
Tony worries
Tony is a good dad
I need to organise these tags once I'm finished
Pepper has a crisis
because she lost her memory
Memory Loss
media
Press and Tabloids
Press Conference
peter's classmates - Freeform
Rumours
kind of
Peter and Pepper bonding

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Betty Brant & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts & Steve Rogers

