Chapter 1: The First Step
    




Chapter Text
Thor was reputed to be one of, if not the fittest and handsomest men in all of Asgard. His muscled physique and boyish charms were enough to have nearly every woman in Asgard throwing themselves into his arms. It was rumored that Thor had a sexual appetite to match his good looks, a lust that rivaled his appetite for battle. There were reports from some quarters, if they could be believed, that Thor had bedded six women all at once in his quest to slake his insatiable yearnings for physical pleasure.Whether these reports were accurate or no Loki didn’t know, but whenever his brother was confronted by their father for such behavior Thor never denied such things happened. He never boasted about them neither, but rather he’d smile and cast his eye about the room to say without words ‘yes, I did these debauching things for I am manly beyond all men.’ And instead of being punished for his frivolity, for his lack of moderation or discretion, Thor was rewarded with smiles and laughs from All-Father and everyone else in his court. Except Loki.He would smile and gleefully laugh at his older brother’s carnality along with the rest of Asgard, but in his heart the constant news of his brother’s conquests both in bed and abroad made his belly fill with poison. He despised the fact that regardless of Thor’s behavior that man was praised as if his ribaldry and warmongering were great traits to be emulated by all instead of being disgusting if not downright dangerous especially for a future heir to the throne.Loki, while was less widely regarded in both the bedroom and the battlefield, he himself was no stranger to either. While his brother’s exploits were fast becoming legends among the people Asgard, Loki’s exploits were ignored by all. Including the All-Father. A fact Loki couldn’t help but notice.Over the course of time the younger brother attempted to outdo his elder sibling on the battlefield to no avail, and since had taken to trying to out-debauch his brother in the bedroom to equally meager results. If reports of his doings ever reached the All-Father there was no mentions by him or anyone else at court. In everybody’s eyes Loki was nothing more than a mischief-maker and a tease. Considered neither a great threat nor a man to be respected. A fate Loki considered worse than death. Unwilling to accept such a lot in life, Loki endeavored to find a way to overcome his brother. He knew and most Asgardians would agree, in secret far from Thor’s ears, that he definitively outstripped his elder brother in terms of wit and cleverness. However these attributes were not held in the highest regards in Asgard not when compared to strength and courage. So Loki came quick to the understanding that the true avenue of his overreaching Thor would be through magic, a source of power that Thor had never had a taste or talent for. Whereas Loki had all the natural ability for and the overwhelming need to utilize if he were to ever be considered the better brother or at least the equal of his blonde, boyish brother.*All of Loki’s plans came to a head when after a battle with the Fire Giants Thor feasted and drank himself into a stupor. Loki and the Lady Sif were tasked with escorting their drunken comrade to his chambers and once they managed to get the large, bumbling blonde into bed the Lady Sif excused herself and left Thor in Loki’s hands to prepare the man for bed.Seizing this opportunity Loki used a simple bit of magic to push his brother firmly into unconsciousness and keep him there. His enchantment aided by Thor’s own drunkenness. With his brother subdued in sleep and drink, Loki next magically barred the door and cast spells to ensure he had complete privacy from all including and especially from Heimdall. That done, Loki undressed his brother, removing Thor’s armor, his cloak, and his underclothes until the bigger man was naked as the day of his illustrious birth. Loki had seen his brother’s nude form countless times over the course of their lives, but seeing Thor’s muscular form and person at his mercy gave the younger man a thrill he had not anticipated.Excited by his scheme coming to fruition Loki began to cast his primary spell, one that would not only cause distress in his brother and provide Loki the upper hand in the days to come, but one that would also be concealed from all the others, unseeable to any but Thor and Loki himself.When the spell was finished Loki inspected his creation, no doubt touching Thor in ways he had never been touched before in his entire life. Pleased with his creation’s responsiveness and realness Loki made sure his other less tangible spell was in place too before he dressed his brother for bed. That task done he removed his other spell for privacy leaving the one to keep his brother slumbering. That particular spell he set to wear off by morning and with his work being done Loki took his leave smiling with a wicked grin all the way to his own ch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Unhealthy Relationships
Mind Control
Manipulative Loki
Coercion
Forced Feminization
Non-Consensual Touching
Magic
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Multiple Orgasms
Breeding Kink
Sexist Language
Sibling Incest
Incest
Exploitation
Public Nudity
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Extremely Dubious Consent
Breeding
Top Loki (Marvel)
Bottom Thor (Marvel)
Sex Change
Sex Magic

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

