Work Text:
The sunlight shining in through the windows woke you up. Groaning at the thought that you had to get up and go about your day, even if your alarm hadn’t gone off yet you knew it was only a matter of time. Resigning yourself to the inevitable you stretch out in bed careful not to jostle the bed too much and wake up Steve. With the same carefulness, you lean over to grab your phone and realize there is still at least an hour before the alarm is meant to go off.Perfect just enough time for what you had planned. Turning over to face your husband you took a moment to admire him, something you did too often but you had every right to. He was extremely good-looking even when he was dead to the world, laying there on his back with his arm over his head, his torso naked allowing you to see his fit physique. Shifting yourself until your in-between his legs, trying to be as agile as possible without waking him up and ruining the surprise. Using the same gentleness to drag the sheet away from his lap, revealing him without any boxers like you had left him last night.He wasn’t hard yet but that was the best part in your opinion, feeling him go from soft to hard right in your mouth. You loved tasting him and did it as often as you could get away with. Running your fingers up his length just taking a moment to let it all in and appreciate him. It didn’t last long as you got antsy and couldn’t resist waiting any longer, resting one hand on his balls while your head leaned in closer tentatively rolling your tongue out. Not wasting any time in placing your lips around his tip completely, sucking it gently wanting to tease his unconscious form awake.

Playing with his balls the way you knew he liked, while your tongue traced the ridge that separated the tip from the rest of his length. Tongue continuing to trace its way up and dipping into his slit to taste his salty precum. Enjoying the way, it twitched against your tongue and a low groan rumbled from deep within him. Your eyes looking up from the target of your attention and seeing that he was still asleep. You continue your actions focusing on the ridge and slit, savoring those low grumbles that were felt against his body buried in his chest.Your mouth finally surrendering his tip to slide across the rest of his length, stimulating all of him and not favoring any. Having the right amount of pressure on his balls, but not too much wanting to make him feel nice and relaxed when he finally comes in your mouth. Treating his cock as an ice-cream cone the way you were licking at it. You start to gain a little speed feeling as he starts hardening in your mouth. The difference between the two feelings of soft then hard had you getting damp in your panties, squirming a little to relieve the ache.Finally done teasing him once he’s nice and hard, your lips wrapping once more around him, allowing more than just the tip past your throat as you take him as deep as you can. Feeling him hit the back of your throat before easing off of him and doing it all over again. Steve starts mumbling a little as he stirs, his soft groans all that are eligible as his hips started moving slowly trying to chase the intense feeling that had woken him up.The hand that wasn’t wrapped around his balls, wrapped around his length, grasping what your mouth couldn’t fit as your cheeks hollowed around him. This plus your increase in pace had his eyes fluttering open and blinking the sleep and confusion away until he reached some clarity and began staring down at you.



His head rolling back at seeing you barely hidden underneath the covers with your mouth on him and waking him up in such a pleasant way, it was almost too much for him and he blindly reached for your head out of instinct. Eyes closing, he maintained his tipped back position as the hand on your head found its way to your face. Always one to enjoy the way your cheeks felt as they worked and sucked him good. You didn’t stop at any moment just cherishing how you could reduce him to nothing before even gaining consciousness.“That’s it, baby, I can feel how close you are for me, just let go” You whisper in a husky tone licking at just the tip as more precum dribbled out.“Mmm kitten.” Is all he manages to string together, hips starting to follow your tongue for more.“Please baby, I need your cum inside me. Feed me” you beg, nibbling at his head before taking it all in. Feeling your throat contract as you relax your gag reflex and take him all the way in, head bobbing against his length as your hand tightens around him. Looking up at Steve the whole time as you worked him the way you knew best.“Y/n/n, yeah that’s it” Steve encouraged getting close to the edge like you had predicted. You took him all the way in, balls hitting your chin and sucked, a choking sound coming from you was his undoing. Feeling him swell and groan in warning before he was spilling down your throat. You suckled him down making sure to get every last drop, not being able 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers/Wife!Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/You
Tony Stark/Sister!Reader
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
NSFW GIF
NSFW
Animated GIFs
sex gifs
Smut
Porn with Feelings
Incest
Sibling Incest
Brother/Sister Incest
Incest Kink
Cheating
Infidelity
Brother Tony Stark
sister reader
Mildly Dubious Consent
Steve tastes Tony's cum without knowing
Come Sharing
Comeplay
Come Swallowing
Come Slut
Blowjobs
Rough Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
Office Sex
Office Blow Jobs
Desk Sex
Face-Sitting
face riding
Cowgirl Position
Missionary Position
Doggy Style
Intimacy
Passion
Creampie
Rough Sex
Husband Steve Rogers
wife reader
Reader-Insert
Reader loves both
Love
Wake-Up Blowjob
porn gif
Explicit Gif
Erotic Gif
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
little sister Y/n
Big Brother Tony
Y/n Stark - Freeform
mentioned Rio (good girls)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers/Wife!Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/You
Tony Stark/Sister!Reader
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)

