Chapter 1: Tony/Peter/Steve/Bucky (pt. 1)
    


Summary:

During a nerve-wracking round of poker, Tony offers Bucky and Steve a night with Peter. When he unexpectedly loses, he faces more than just one problem.



Notes:
Warnings: This features non-con.  It won’t be physically violent, but it’s still rape and there will be tears.--In case you haven’t read the main story: Peter has been kidnapped and is held captive by the Avengers. Recently, Tony has started to develop feelings for him.--The reason why I didn’t want to include this in the main story is because it feels a little out of place. However, I have always wanted to write a gangbang scene between these four, so here it is. Since I don’t have plans to ever mention it in the main story for now, you can act like it never happened or was one of Peter’s nightmares.--Thanks Harishe for beta-reading ❤️

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“All in,” Tony says, sliding all of his poker chips towards the middle of the table. There is  no way  he’s going to lose this one. Not with a Straight Flush starting at  six.And yet, Bucky is smirking, mirroring his motion. “All in.”“Why don’t you just give up? We all know you’re bluffing.”“I wouldn’t count on that.”Steve, Sam, Rhodey and Clint chuckle. It’s been a fun poker round indeed; one by one they’ve all given up, except for Tony and Bucky.“I’m willing to give you another million on top of that.”“Make that two. Give up, Tony, you’re not gonna win this round.”Narrowing his eyes to slits, Tony tries to read Bucky’s poker face. He’s starting to get a little nervous…  what if he isn’t bluffing?  It’s not that he cares about the money, but… Bucky probably doesn’t either. “Why don’t we raise the stakes? If you’re that confident, I’m sure you won’t mind offering me your memory box.”Not that Tony would have any interest in the stupid box, but Bucky considers it his most valuable possession. It contains  souvenirs from some of the cute college girls and boys he murdered. A muscle in Bucky’s face twitches. “Forget it.” Got you.  “Guess you were bluffing then.”Groaning, Bucky exchanges a swift glance with Steve. “All right. What are you willing to give  me  in case  you lose?”“Another five million?”“Come on, we both know you give a shit about that.” When Steve whispers something into Bucky’s ear, he grins. “Good idea. How about you let me have the kid for one night.” Wait, what?  “The… kid?”“Yeah. And just so we’re clear; I intend to fuck him.”“That’s not an option.” Against his will, Tony blushes a bit. “He’s not- I mean-”“Someone’s a chicken,” Bucky laughs, winking at Steve. The others join in the laughter, causing Tony to fume.“I am  not  a chicken. I just don’t want you to be too rough. I like him tight and…  undamaged. He’s  mine. If you desperately want your own toy, get yourself one.”“You know what’s funny?” Bucky’s eyes glisten threateningly. “That you fucked  my boyfriend and didn’t even ask me beforehand.” At this, Steve shifts from one foot to the other, but Tony ignores him.“I missed the part where that’s my problem. You weren’t even exclusive until a few weeks ago and I have no fucking idea what this has to do with Peter. He’s not my fucking boyfriend.”“You already let me  and Steve  play with him before. What changed?”To his utmost horror, Tony starts sweating. “Nothing, I just- I mean, I was there that time. I stayed in control.”“All right, last offer: Steve and you can join me. We’re not gonna do anything you don’t want us to do.”As much as Tony hates the idea of sharing Peter, he can’t help getting a tiny bit aroused. Steve and him sometimes shared people during their relationship (and beyond), and it was always fun… Bucky isn’t ugly either… Besides, he let them play with Peter at the bank because he’d thought it was  hot, so… yeah. What  has  changed?  
He’s in love with the kid, that’s what’s changed. 
Fuck it. Tony can’t let them know. Also, he has one of the best hands in the game, so the odds are definitely in his favor. “Okay. Deal.”“Wait, what? You can’t be fucking serious,” Clint pouts. “This isn’t fair. You always said that-”“Bucky hasn’t won yet, Clint. And he won’t. Because I” – smirking, Tony shows off his cards - “have a Straight Flush.”When Bucky’s eyes widen, Tony laughs triumphantly, convinced he’s won. However, the laughter dies in his throat when Bucky grins, showing off his cards as well. “Pride goes before the fall.” No.  It can’t be… That fucking bastard has a Straight Flush as well; his, however, starts with eight.Well.  Shit. Peter has just turned off the stove when he hears the door unlocking. Quickly, he pours the sauce onto the plates. “Just in time, sir. Dinner is ready.”“Guess you can say that.”Peter has never turned around faster.  Since when do  Bucky and Steve  have a key to the house?  “Um… Mr. Stark didn’t tell me- I mean, I only made two servings, but y-you can have mine, sirs. I am sorry.”  Why didn’t Tony tell him that Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Dark Tony Stark
Dark Avengers - Freeform
Angst
Stockholm Syndrome
Lima Syndrome
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Gang Rape
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Spitroasting
Bottom Peter Parker
Vibrators
Praise Kink
Coming Untouched
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Double Penetration
Autofellatio
Predicament Bondage
Choking
Wax Play
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Daddy Kink
Aftercare

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

