Work Text:
Bucky was humming the theme tune for Indiana Jones as he shimmed through the window of the Geddis Hall dorms. Technically, he should have used the door. He would have used the door, but the security guard was a dick and Bucky wasn’t gonna want to stand around and argue that all he really wanted was to use the damn vending machine, not hook up with every girl (and guy, picky he was not) in the building while his stomach tried to eat itself out of hunger.Technically, it was Clint’s fault.“Dun da-dun dun,” He mumbled as he toppled into an undignified heap on the hallway floor. “Fuck, ow. Dun da-dun.” The hall was almost identical to the one across the road – except their colour scheme was a pea green and Fleming was a mustard yellow. Both made him wanna puke.The hallway was deserted, which was good, because Bucky had just climbed through the 2nd floor window in the middle of the night and he really, really didn’t want to get beaten to death by some overzealous student. Or security guard. He just wanted to get some candy before he died. He avoided the vending machine in the front lobby, because he couldn’t risk the guard ID-ing him. Or trying some spot sobriety test. He wasn’t drunk. High, probably, but not drunk. Fucking Clint and his ‘herbal’ brownies. He’d been avoiding the vodka Natasha had brought over, thinking that he’d been doing so well, but faced with a full tray of brownies, he’d caved.And then he found out that Clint had raided every vending machine in the building – locked in his room with his stash of candy and soda. The next time Bucky saw him, he was gonna kill him. Probably by like, using lazers. Yeah. Or sharks. Steve was jolted out of his trance-like state by his phone vibrating on the desk beside him. He’d been staring at the same page for about an hour, he was sure – he’d learned a sum total of nothing and now his head hurt.

SamW:

 Dude, this is your best friend reminding you: it’s midnight. Stop studying. Eat something. Drink something.
Steve smiled before glancing up at the computer screen. Shit, it really was midnight – he’d started this essay at noon. Which had been when he’d woken up.Grabbing his glasses from the desk where he’d taken them off, and his wallet, he sent a quick text back.

Steve

: I was actually asleep. Thanks for waking me, asshole.
He’d only just managed to get to his feet when the phone in his hand buzzed. Trying to read his message, lock his door and not drop his wallet on the ground took longer than he’d like to admit, but he’d been sitting in the same position for hours, he was probably gonna get DVT or something.

SamW

: Ha, yeah right. You’ve been trying to get that polsci essay done all day I bet. Dickface.
So he was grinning a little as he turned the corner of his hallway, only to hear someone butchering the Indiana Jones theme, getting a bit lost half way through, and ending up humming the Imperial March.He paused just before he took the corner – making sure he wasn’t actually hearing things by touching his hearing aid – and then walked on.His floor had two vending machines. One sold cold sodas and ate dollar bills without any remorse, and the other sold candy bars that always got stuck just before they fell.Sitting on the floor in front of the candy machine was a very, very attractive guy. He was sitting crosslegged, skinny black jeans and a grey hoodie – his long hair tied back into some kind of bun maybe? Like a model or maybe a dancer would do it. Steve had a comb and a sidepart – his hair was too thin to do anything fancy. The very attractive guy had obviously got bored of the Imperial March, and was now trying to ‘dun dun’ his way through another theme – this one Steve didn’t recognise.“Um, hello?” He said, stopping a few feet from the vending machine, and the guy on the floor.“Doobie doobie do,” the guy replied, and then blinked. “Oh – dude, this fucking thing is eating me.” Inspector Gadget was running through his head, because what else worked, yeah? He obviously was being cursed for breaking into the other dorm – maybe someone had done it before, and that was why they’d boobie-trapped their vending machine to attack him.“Um, hello?” Someone said, and Bucky just needed to finish the song – but he blinked and saw...A dude.A kinda small, kinda stupidly attractive dude. The kind of dude that Bucky would totally want to get to know better – but his fucking arm was trapped in a vending machine. “Oh,” He managed to get out before his brain kindly filtered his thoughts in to: “Dude, this fucking thing is eating me.”The guy looked seriously confused, and Bucky couldn’t do anything but tap on the glass – where his hand was stuck inside the flap of the machine. “I’m pretty sure setting traps in your vending machine is a bit overkill.” He pointed out. “I mean, come on, I even paid for this stuff, and you set it on me.”“I didn’t set it on you.” The stupidly attractive guy said, rolling his eyes. Nice eyes.“You’ve got that sexy hipster thing working 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - College/University
Recreational Drug Use
vending machines
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Attempt at Humor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

