Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony hadn’t been blindsighted by the news about Project Insight. SHIELD at best had been a shadowy organization with no oversight. And unlike his fellow Avengers, he actually paid attention to the news and events relevant to them. He had heard about Fury’s (greatly exaggerated) death and the reappearance of the Winter Soldier. He knew about the missile that destroyed some random military bunker in New Jersey. And then he had found himself summoned by Hill to a warehouse where he had met an annoyed and injured, but alive, Fury. Fury had debriefed him on everything that was happening, Project Insight, Hydra, Pierce, the World Security Council. He got to work on permanently grounding the helicarriers before they could even take off from his phone. Then hours later Steve, Natasha, and some random civilian that had nothing to do with any of this showed up with Hill, all of them looking rough around the edges. And great, the civilian had some of his tech that he had lent the Air Force. Was there anybody that had his tech that was not misusing it somehow? Rogers had been upset that Fury had called in Tony, yelling, “You told me to not trust anyone! And you were right, yet you brought him in? We can’t even tell who is Hydra and who is SHIELD!”“Yet you bought a complete stranger sporting my tech to the battle with you. How do you know he’s not Hydra?” Tony shot back. So much for Steve’s apology at the end of New York. “He’s not”, Steve spluttered. “Sam worked for the Air Force and he’s a counselor now and helps veterans.”“So. How long have you known him for?”“Three days but that’s not important! We needed someone outside of SHIELD that we knew wasn’t HYDRA.”“Three whole days. Hey Fury, how long have you known Pierce? Steve, listen to yourself. There’s know way you could have known he wasn’t HYDRA? How did you even meet?”“He’s not HYDRA! We met running in DC.”“And I bet you run the same route every day. Wouldn’t be too hard to slip an undercover operative into you route.”Fury interrupted, “Enough! Steve, you fucked up, end of discussion. By sheer luck Wilson seems to not be HYDRA. If he was, I’m sure the Winter Solider would already be here to finish the job.”Steve turned incredibly pale at that. Fury continued, uncaring, “And besides, you motherfuckers are lucky. If Stark were HYDRA we’d be truly fucked. We wouldn’t even be here having this conversation right now. We’d be haphazardly using our backup plan to insert controller chips onto the flying helicarriers to ground them. Think of how many people use his tech. Half the population has Stark Phones. He used to make weapons and has the most advanced AIs on the planet. Do the math.”Tony let out an affronted noise. “I resent that you even for a second thought that I could be HYDRA.”“We’re getting off topic. We should be focusing on taking down HYDRA. What’s the status of the helicarriers? They’re set to launch in a few hours!”, Steve cut in.“Calm down Spangles, they were already grounded an hour ago thanks to me. And Jarvis and I already created an algorithm to find the members of SHIELD that are most likely to be HYDRA.”Steve looked even more consternated at that. “We need to warn all of SHIELD about HYDRA! Everyone doesn’t know yet!”Tony and Hill shared a look of disbelief. Tony stole a glance at Fury, he looked like he’d rather be anywhere else in the world.Natasha replied, using her gentle patient voice, “Steve, that might seem like a good idea now but it’s not a good idea to let Pierce know we’re onto him before the Council meeting. It would take away the information advantage we have.”Hill chimed in, “We have a team vetted by Fury and I quietly dealing with the lower level suspected HYDRA agents.”Natasha looked thoughtful, “This isn’t going to be kept a secret for long though, the public’s eventually going to get wind of it. Maybe Steve’s right. HYDRA can’t get much accomplished if everybody’s onto them. At the Council meeting, we should leak all of SHIELD’s files online so HYDRA can’t hide what they’ve done.”Tony frowned. Fury was nodding in agreement but Hill wasn’t. Tony decided he wasn’t going to stand by idly as this happened. Fury may want a sudden windfall of information so nobody would look too closely at the more unsavory things SHIELD did and allow it to continue to exist. Natasha probably had similar reasons, her past work for the Red Room would not do her any favors in the eyes of the American public. “What about all the active SHIELD agents around the world? Their families? They would get burned if you did that. Let Jarvis handle it. He can devote his full attention to scanning through your files and protecting the identifying information of your agents.”“Fine,” Fury replied. “Let’s talk about our game plan for the WSC meeting. Natasha, you’re going undercover as a council member. Captain, Hill, and I will be providing backup on site for the meeting. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Not Steve Friendly
Tony Stark-centric
Bucky Barnes-centric
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
POV Tony Stark
POV Bucky Barnes
Canon-Typical Violence
Fix-It of Sorts
not team Cap friendly
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Pining
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Slow Romance
Angst with a Happy Ending
POV JARVIS (Iron Man movies)
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Implied Sexual Content
Mild Sexual Content
Wordcount: 10.000-30.000

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

