Chapter 1





Chapter Text
In the elevator, he slips up.‘Slips.’“Hail HYDRA,” he hisses in Cap’s ear, just loud enough to hear over the crackling of electricity as it courses into that gorgeously-enhanced body and makes him dance.Let that equally-enhanced brain chew on that.  It’s the best he can do, all the give he can get because it tastes bad to gull a lover, one so stupid-tender it almost makes him want to believe. (And one whose true mate he’s been keeping under wraps like Mrs. Lovett, if the old pictures aren’t steering him wrong. God, isn’t that a recipe for sanguine reunions.)If Rogers is worth any damn thing, he’ll figure it out. He figures it out.  It all rolls downhill from there on Brock’s end.He keeps his head the fuck down as he goes about his duties.  He’s been on BFF detail for the Soldier every time they’ve had him out in the last eight years, using the sister-bond people ascribe to omegas to keep things running smoothly. (Because Lord knows, he hasn’t clawed his way up the ranks or anything to get the position, and the respect, he has now. He’s more than a womb and a lure, he’s leader of the STRIKE unit, nobody’s bitch- except for those whose commands he’s privileged to obey. And those they assign him to.)This time is no different. He grooms the Soldier, keeps him calm by his presence and familiarity when the docs and the techs work him over. Lets him breathe deep of his scent while he helps get him armed, goes over and over the mission parameters. There is no room for divergence, not here, not under Pierce’s gaze.There never is. The rest of his day goes pretty shittily as well. And then the Triskellion collapses on top of him. He’d always known that there would be consequences to taking Steve Rogers to bed, but this was not one of them he’d been expecting.It’s a goddamned miracle.Or at least it’s a hell of a surprise. The docs start asking Brock about his choice in pain-killers, per the standard procedure, and he’s too floored to give them a decision right away beyond don’t take away what’s keeping my skin from burning. The baby will just have to tough it out, although given everything it’s stuck through so far, it might very well do it.And that’s just- great. Because what he needs right now is a kid. A weak, helpless thing that will slow him down, weaken his resolve, that every government agency and two-bit terrorist ring in the world will want to get their hands on-And Rogers doesn’t know.Rogers doesn’t want to know, and he’s been trying, fighting against the drugs and the damage and even the doctors to get a message out.It is not received.That door has slammed shut, no thank you, goodbye. Brock can’t really blame the good Captain- it’s gotta sound like one of those slinky omegas from the old noir films, begging for help just one last time in a smoky voice, only to pull a pistol on the kind-hearted gumshoe when he shows up at the abandoned warehouse.Only the difference is, he’s really pregnant, Rogers really needs to know, and Brock could really use some help here. Rogers doesn’t come.Rogers does not even give him the courtesy of a phone-call, or a bedside ‘you betrayed me’ lecture.Brock puts all his focus on getting healed enough to bolt, and starts making plans of his own. HYDRA has fallen- that doesn’t mean it’s dead. Just because one has been a part of the cult worshipping a powerful beast in hopes of gaining its strength, doesn’t mean that it’s not still a dangerous animal when the temple is shattered and the bars come down.And wounded animals lash out. It takes some doing, but he gets out before he can be arrested, and disappears. It’s a cool spring, so he can keep jackets and long sleeves over his burn-scars, his head down under a cap. He’s a returned vet, a survivor of one of the big disasters, fleeing an abusive alpha- anything that keeps him unnoticeable and easily let-go. No bodies either- when he steals he keeps it bloodless, though always keeping an eye out for HYDRA, for recognition.His injuries heal faster, better than they should, even if they leave him road-mapped- it’s no surprise that part of the regular medical updates have really been upgrades, needles that make the loyal subtly faster, stronger, more resilient. Nothing like Steve, of course, but just enough to give them the advantage- and to test out what works and what doesn’t.He spends a night shivering in a roadside motel when that one hits. What if he’d ended up like Blonsky? Like those poor fucks down in Cybertek?It’s one thing when you’re full steam ahead for the only cause that’s ever done you right. But when you realize just how much they could have done you wrong… the order almost doesn’t seem worth the pain.He touches his stomach that night, and tries not to regret too hard. It doesn’t stay easy. He’d pulled a decent raid on the pharmacy at the hospital before he’d disappeared, set himself up with easily-cashed goods, but that can’t last forever. ID and passports he’s trying to find, but somehow everywher
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
A/B/O
Mpreg
omega!Rumlow
Omega!Bucky
Alpha!Steve
Past Miscarriage
Slow Build
salvageable!Rumlow
AU
Say it with me now- AU AU AU
WIP
long fic
super soldier serum covers a lot of sins
eventual threeway relationship
Kink Meme
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Fluff
Angst and Fluff and Smut
in-universe sexism
Partner Betrayal
trust once lost is a hard thing to regain
mother-hen!Rumlow
I had delusions of respectability and then I found the kinkmemes
Pregnancy complications
arise ensue and are overcome
through Highly Inadvisable Field Medicine
Domestic tension
mild food porn
probable unhealthy reaction to training generations of new cultists
STRIKE Team Alpha as family

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow

