Chapter 1: an interesting birthday.
    




Chapter Text
peter let out a loud whoop as he swung through the air, wind whistling in his ears through his mask.
he grunted with effort as he gripped the string of web and released, flipping down and landing on to a small building by an alley.
peter grinned, the fruity smells wafting from the little booth.
he grabbed a couple of dollars out of his suit pocket and slapped them down on the counter, laughing when he saw the shock and awe on the booth guy's face."mango smoothie, please!" he exclaimed brightly, and the ginger man nodded, his glasses nearly falling off his face.
"o-of course, sir" he stammered, and peter smirked inside his mask."hey hey, I ain't no sir" peter chided good-naturedly.
the man nodded again wildly, busy making peter his smoothie.
he slid it across the counter, though not without an admiring glance and a "I appreciate what you do for our city"peter chuckled, tugging his mask up so he could take a sip of the drink. "thanks man" he said, wiping his mouth.
he saluted and stretched out an arm, shooting a web and swinging away.he continued to swing through the blocks of clustered buildings one-handed, slurping from his drink.
peter decided he was allowed a small splurge, hence the drink, for his birthday.
he was sixteen. to be honest, he felt a lot older. the small instance of his entire family dying tended to have that effect. he missed the old days when he would bake a crappy cake with aunt may, and watch whatever he wanted on their laptop together, usually a star wars movie or something with sci-fi, cuddled up on the couch with cheap party hats.
but that was before may died. he was alone now. peter was managing on his own. he had his shitty home, home being a shabby little space in a small abandoned warehouse.he earned money taking photos for a local newspaper. it wasn't the best job, the wage was awful and not nearly enough for an enhanced growing teenager to be well fed. peter stopped briefly to dump his empty cup in a bin. he glanced around at the busy street, noticing a small boy staring at him in wonder.
he winked, his lens contracting, and the boy giggled delightedly. an hour later, he was panting heavily on top of a tall building, roughly half the size of Stark Tower.
he winced as he studied the gash in his arm where a nasty criminal had sliced him.
peter took his mask off for a few moments to wipe the sweat off his brow.he hadn't exerted himself like this in a while. taking on a whole clique of thieves wasn't easy.
he tugged his mask back down and studied the wound. it wasn't too deep, but it a fair amount of blood was trickling down his suit. fuckin hell, he'd only just washed the thing. he braced himself for the pain as he lifted his webshooter on the other wrist and sealed the wound with sticky web.
maybe he could rest for a bit, he thought, looking out at the bustling city in the cool evening air.
it was nearly golden hour, and the view, though he saw it almost every day, was still incredible to see. "that's a no on the rest" he muttered to himself as his enhanced hearing picked up distant screams.
he took a few paces back, then sprinted forward, leaping off the roof to swing across the streets.
peter could see police cars already making their way over from above, and he increased his speed, not wanting to interact with any cops. sure, most of them recognised his goodwill and how beneficial his presence was in the city, but he was still a vigilante.
as he neared the source of commotion, he groaned at the sight before him. it seemed some of the avengers were there;he spotted iron man blasting something a couple of rooftops over, and hawkeye perched up on a building, yelling something into an earpiece. peter sighed. he had yet to actually interact with the heroes, he usually just helped them from afar by swinging civilians to safety and occasionally webbing up a stray enemy here and there.
he made sure he swung away before the fight was over to avoid actually facing them.
he couldn't risk mr stark or any of them figuring out who he was. they'd ship him off to CPS. it seemed there was a man in a large mechanised suit, quite like Mr Stark's, but less graceful, as it clunked over to a building and fired a few lasers, causing debris to crash down on to the street where people ran about, screaming. if that wasn't annoying enough, the metal robot guy(the suit looked like it resembled some sort of bionic rhino) seemed to be controlling dozens of drones at the same time as exploding the area with a violent cocktail of bombs and lasers.
the drones were quick, and zoomed through the air, firing bullets out of machine gun-like turrets attached to their metal hides. the man roared curses at the avengers as they approached, peter saw (with suppressed childlike excitement) captain america and the falcon dodging blasts and jumping off rubble like pros. peter leapt into the air and flipped before landing on top of a car next to a girl about his age 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones/Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Spidey Sense (Marvel)
Peter Parker Whump
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Precious Peter Parker
Minor Original Character(s)
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker is a Mess
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Avengers Feels
this is a lot of avengers tags
The Avengers Are Good Bros
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Awesome Peter Parker
natasha and clint are assassin buddies
BAMF Pepper Potts
wanda can draw
Peter Parker-centric
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker Friendship

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones/Wanda Maximoff

