Chapter 1: Fall of a Shinigami
    


Summary:

A stranger falls from the sky and SHIELD picks him up.  For some reason, there is a connection between Tony Stark and this Ichigo Kurosaki that neither understand.



Notes:
Revised Version: 5-22-15Time has been moved forward to Pre Age of Ultron during the time of the Hydra raids.  Story will go through Age of Ultron, however, AoU will not be detailed, only referenced.Beta'd:  Emmagem803




Chapter Text


  Falling was always an unusual sensation.  The world was speeding past, wind whipping the body this way and that, and then, the sudden, hard stop at the end.  Of course, in a normal person, that stop would shatter every bone and kill them instantly.  What else would happen?  It just didn’t make sense for someone to drop from around thirty thousand feet or so, hit concrete and leave a crater, then stand up.  Of course not.  Most people would have thought that was true in New York before there was an alien invasion by a Norse god repelled by another Norse god, a super soldier, a man in a flying suit of armor, two assassins, and a rage beast.It wasn’t any wonder when a falling man came crashing down in the middle of New York and left a hole at least fifteen feet wide and five feet deep, no one was all that surprised.  People gathered around curious and looked down, not sure what it was, but it was covered with rubble and smoking from the impact.  The figure, however, wasn’t getting up.  An ambulance showed up a few moments later, but considering the strangeness of the situation, they didn’t want to go down to see what it was.  A few more minutes later, a helicopter came down and hovered over the gaping opening in the street and a couple men rappelled down.  Soon after, a backboard came down, and those watching saw what looked like a person being put onto the backboard and lifted up, followed by then two men.  The helicopter went up where it rendezvoused with the SHIELD helicarrier above them. Street maintenance came out and began fixing the crater, and the people of New York went about their lives once more.  There was a small blurb on the evening news, and that was all that was heard about the man that fell from the sky.  At least, by the public at large.On the helicarrier, it was another story all together.  Everyone was bustling and Fury had already put a call in to the Avengers to get to helicarrier immediately.  They had no idea what they had, but they  had something that had managed to survive a fall from around thirty thousand feet and looked perfectly fine other than being unconscious and having shredded clothing.  Fury now stood outside the med bay as the man, boy really, by the look, was put through multiple scans.  Already, Fury was working out the possibilities.  The obvious was that he was another attempt at the super soldier project.  There were alien possibilities as well, though he did not appear to be alien in origin.  Of course, the biggest question was what the individual’s intent would be.  Concepts of good and evil were popularized in the media, but Fury knew better.He watched as the doctors and nurses worked around the body.  He hadn’t moved the slightest bit since they pulled him out of the crater.  He already knew that he was going to have an argument on the team.  Stark would want to investigate before making a conclusion.  Rogers would want to take a better safe than sorry approach.  He would have to decide before they arrived or else the bickering between those two would drive him out of his mind.  He tapped thoughtfully against his lip as he watched.  The doctor came out a second later.“Director, sir, the scans reveal him as human.  Mostly human, I should say.  I can’t pin down an actual DNA sequence.  He has blood, but the elements are off, I can’t explain it.  It may be my instruments aren’t sensitive enough for this,” the dark haired man said sadly. “You’re betting that Stark would have better luck,” Fury said, looking at him.“Sir, I hate to tell you what to do, but Mr. Stark tends to solve problems like this easily.  He was the closest to understanding Asgardian magic, and no one else can replicate the things that he does, like the arc reactor for example,” the meek doctor said nervously.Fury nodded.  “Thank you,” he said, dismissing him.  Always back to Tony Stark.  It seemed like he would have to lean toward siding with Tony to get what he needed.  He’d need Tony to use his unique talents to understand what this being actually was and if he started off on the wrong foot when they arrived, he’d decide to disagree with everything Fury said.  Tony had been unusually accommodating with everything since they started hunting up Hydra in efforts to locate the Staff Loki had brought to Earth.“Director?” came another voice behind him. Fury turned to see one of the female scientists that had been assigned to look over the weapon the boy had been found with. “We’ve secured the weapon we found with him in the next bay.  We are having no l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Kurosaki Ichigo/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers (2012)
Bottom Tony Stark
Seme Ichigo
Uke Tony Stark
Top Ichigo
Kidnapping
Torture
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Flashbacks
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Angst
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Possessive Ichigo
Protective Ichigo
BAMF Ichigo
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Past Drug Use
Past Domestic Violence
Past Rape/Non-con
Self-Esteem Issues
Adoption
Lies
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Romance
Hurt/Comfort
Red String of Fate
Parallel Universes
Kitsune
Horny Hollow Ichigo
Recovery
Healing
Past Child Abuse
Lemon
Explicit Sexual Content
Bisexual Tony Stark
Gender Identity
Sexual Identity
Self-Harm
Aged-Up Character(s)
FWUCollections

fandom: 
Kurosaki Ichigo/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

