Chapter 1: Blink
    




Chapter Text
Darcy swore Jane didn't mention anything about the Convergence affecting space and time, though to be fair, she wasn't all that great at listening. To be more fair, she found herself dodging dinosaurs one minute and falling through an alien landscape the next, so maybe Jane should have tried harder.She was over the time and space travel and the aliens, especially with the imminent destruction of London on the horizon. It was all very cliche and very bullshit since there was no Doctor to grab her hand and tell her to run. She'd give her left boob for Christopher Eccleston to come and save the day from the evil space elves.As it was, she was running alone, having lost Ian ages ago. She cursed the fact that traveling through the portals, especially the time ones, made her queasy as hell. The Doctor always said that time traveling outside of a ship was rather unpleasant. She just wondered how much her extensive knowledge of the show would help her. She also really hoped that 'A Sound of Thunder' was wrong and that butterfly stomping wouldn't fuck Earth over, 'cause she definitely accidentally killed more than a butterfly.Her last time jump left her in an alley, finally throwing up the contents of her stomach into a tin trash can. Darcy heaved to catch her breath in the crisp fall night, hand gripping the brick wall so she wouldn't succumb to the overwhelming vertigo."Drink too much, babe?" She turned to see a man in a dark suit and an impeccable pencil mustache, shit eating grin on his face. Only John Waters wore his facial hair like that nowadays. Fuck. What time was she in? And why did she have that exact same question on her ankle? When she didn't answer, only looked sicker, he approached her, smile fading. "Are you alright?"She backed away. "Cool your jets, Rhett Butler."He frowned haughtily, plucking off invisible imperfections from his suit and straightening his tie. "Clark Gable had nothing on me... God, rest his soul."Darcy rolled her eyes. "Look, I'm just gonna go--""Back through those portals? I don't think so, Honey. They all closed up about the same time your dinner made its second appearance.""How did you- wait what? What do you mean they closed!" She clutched at her chest, suddenly feeling like her heart was replaced by a hundred angry butterflies."I mean wherever you came from, be it the Flintstones or the Jetsons, you might be stuck for awhile, Darling."She narrowed her eyes at him, forcing herself to breathe like the Lamaze class she went to with her sister-in-law. "You're awfully calm about this, dude.""You live the life I live and you accept that the impossible isn't as impossible as you thought real quick."She couldn't argue with that one. "What year is it? Who are you."He looked like she insulted his mother. "1964. Since you're clearly not from around here, I'm gonna forgive you. I'm Howard Stark."The vertigo returned with a vengeance. "The Howard Stark?" He nodded, preening at her recognition. She could see the resemblance now, see the Tony Stark in this man. She didn't know that Fantastic facial hair was an inheritable trait. "My soulmate is Howard Stark. The Howard Stark." Darcy swayed and when he reached for her, she didn't even try to pull away."Sorry to interrupt your little flip out, but I'm not your soulmate. I don't even have a Soulmark.""So this isn't yours?" She asked, kicking off a boot. She often drank a lot. It wasn't outside of the realm of possibility that someone else would have said that to her as their first words.Howard kneeled, laughing a little, though it faded as he inspected the Soulmark. He pulled his fingers across his stache, though Darcy suspected it never saw a hair out of place since he hit puberty. "Put your boot back on," he commanded, a lot less amused than he was just a moment before."What's up? Is that yours?" She asked, even as she complied."That's my handwriting, even though I don't have a Soulmark of my own." He checked his watch. "If this thing didn't get screwed up by the time jumps, it's about midnight." He looked around. "I have no intention of going the way of Batman's parents tonight." She laughed, smiling for the first time since he found her. He felt tension he was unaware of leave his shoulders. "Name?" He asked."Darcy Lewis. Maria Darcy Lewis if I piss you off." She looked away and frowned. "Fucking fuck." Her name was never really a big deal; she didn't like her given one, so she went by her middle. Now, the name 'Maria' held all kinds of implications; the worst being that she'd never return her own time. She'd have to ask him about time machines later."You always swear like a sailor?" He asked with a chuckle."Yep. All the time. Especially when I realize I'm living an episode of Doctor Who." And not a particularly happy one, she lamented."Which one?" he asked. Then he jammed his fingers into his ears. "Wait! Don't tell me! I missed the last couple episodes. If you ruin it, I'll be real ticked off."She hel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Howard Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Mother
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Gratuitous Doctor Who references
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Ian Boothby is not useless
or clingy
or hydra
Edwin Jarvis does not fuck with fake bitches
Pregnancy
Howard Stark is not a bad parent
hella angst
Tragedy
trigger warning
Depression
Suicide Attempt
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Angst
this wasn't supposed to be so sad
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Howard Stark

