Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Um, Tony?’ “Ya, Cap?” “Why is there a child here?” No anger is in his voice as he stares at the teen on the couch, fast asleep cuddling his blanket. “Oh, shit.” Tony runs into the common room and sees the rest of the Avengers staring at the kid. “Um, I’ll wake him up. Just don’t bother him, okay?” “You better watch your mouth, Stark.” Nat smirks which is greeted by a glare from Steve. “Fri, dim the lights.” Rhodey requests for Tony who gives him a grateful smile. “Hey, bud?” Tony says in a gentle tone, kneeling down and rubbing his arm. “Mmmm.” The young boy lets out a groan. “You gotta go to your room, ‘k?” “No.” He replies defiantly and rolls over. Sam chuckles, alerting Pete that there’s somebody else in the room. He turns back over and blinks open his eyes. “Mi’ser Stark?” He asks, so tired he slurs his words. “Ya?” “Who else is here?” “Just a few guests. Do you mind heading off to your room?” “Fine.” He rolls off the couch with his blanket around his shoulders and his hair a mess and turns around. His eyes widen and his mouth drops open at the sight of the Avengers. “Uhhhhh, hi?” Peter says in shock. “Who are you talking to?” Tony asks with his arm around the young boy. “The Avengers! They’re right here!” He points a shaky hand towards the group. “Come on, bambino. I think you’re delusional.” Peter nods his head and Tony leads him to the elevator, barely catching the glare from Natasha. 
----------------------TIME TRAVEL TO PETER’S ROOM-----------------
	“Um, before I leave, I gotta tell you something.” Tony confesses after putting Peter in his bed. “Those were the Avengers. They’re moving in. I just needed to get you in here. Your fever has raised up to 102. You’re lucky you have powers or else you would be almost dead.” The boy’s eyes widened. “No! Please say you’re lying! Please?” Tony shakes his head. “Get some sleep. Goodnight, kid.” “I hate you, Mr Stark.” Tony just chuckles and shuts the door.
--------------TIME JUMP BACK TO TONY LEAVING-------------
	“Who the hell is that, Rhode?” Wanda turns around sharpley. A quick smile flashes across Natasha’s face. “Um, I don’t know.” He lies and Clint raises his eyebrows. “Whoever it is, he’s probably sick or something.” “Wait, does Tony have a son?” Bucky scratches his head. “No! That’s not his son. It’s his intern. He’s a really smart kid from Midtown High who got to be an intern and is now his personal intern. He’s a good kid and his aunt is out of town so he’s staying here until he gets better.” Rhodey says in one breath. “You’re a bad liar.” Nat says from the corner. “FRIDAY, is he lying?” “No. Everything he just said was 99% true.” The robotic voice replies. “99%?” Nat raises an eyebrow. “Listen, this is Tony’s business. Okay? Only Tony, Rhodey, and Bruce know.” Steve finally says. “Actually, I don’t know who that kid is.” Bruce says from the couch. The elevator dings and Tony walks out. “Alright. So, everybody got their stuff? Pep is at a meeting. She’ll be back around din-” “Don’t change the subject, Stark.” Nat cuts him off. “That was just my intern. He’s sick and he’s staying here while his aunt is out of town. Now as I was saying, Pepper is going to be back around dinner. Fri will call you when it’s ready and Happy is getting some Italian food. I got a project to work on in the lab.” With that he heads off in the direction of the stairs when FRIDAY interrupts. “Sir, it seems that Peter is in distress.” “Shit.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanoff(hinted)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sick Peter Parker
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
IronDad and SpiderSon
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
May Parker is out of town
Mild Language

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanoff(hinted)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

