Work Text:
Everyone gets their Name when they turn twenty-one. It isn’t their own name either. It’s the name of their Soulmate. Their Amor Fati. Their Bashert. Their Twin Flame. Some people get Names they know, some people get Names they’ve never even vaguely heard of before. No one can explain it. But everyone gets one. Some people even get what’s called a Nom De Mort. Name of Dead. (Like Tony Stark. Who, at twenty-one, woke with the name Steven Grant Rogers over his heart and couldn’t remember the following week at all. But this isn’t his story, though he is in it. Briefly.) Most people are eager for their twenty-first birthday but some dread it. Some wonder if they’ll ever meet their Soul-Mate. (Most do.) Some, like Wade, (who this story is actually about) are indifferent. When Wade Wilson wakes on his twenty-first birthday, he looks down at his chest and sees Peter Benjamin Parker. He stares for a moment then shrugs, gets dressed, and doesn’t think about it for another six weeks until he decides to google the name. Nothing comes up so he forgets about all over again. Every time he meets a Peter he does pause and wonder if this one, this one, is his but then again, he’s being paid a lot not to care, so… Wade is twenty-six when he meets a Peter that he doesn’t kill. The kid is Tony Stark’s twelve year old son, Peter Stark. He’s standing just inside the briefing room, sucking on a blow pop, and looking like a pissed off teen. Wade figures having Iron-Man as a father would do that to you. (Seriously, the kid just shows up on Stark’s hip one day when he’s, like, two and then bam, not three years later his dad goes missing for three months, his uncle Obbie turns out to be an asshat, and then his dad declares he’s the first super hero since Captain America. Shit, Wade would be mad, too.) Right at that moment though, Mini-Stark is glaring at his dad and Wade is bored enough to contemplate blowing his own brains out. Papa-Stark says some stupid shit and Mini-Stark scoffs and stomps out. And that seems to be that. Wade gets back to his usual business and the Avengers is just another group that ignores—and sometimes—tolerates him. Wade writes off Mini-Stark, too, because, well, most kids are asshats. He ends up meeting the kid again though, somehow, three years later (also because of the Avengers). He’s stomping through one of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s helicarriers and nearly bowls the kid over. “Shit, Pipsqueak, watch where you’re… uh, sitting,” he finishes pretty lamely ‘cause really, he did pretty much trip over the kid’s feet. And it’s not like the kid was hiding. Mini-Stark stares at him though, like he can’t really tell if he’s actually seeing a six foot two red-clad asshole with a pair of bright katanas on his back. (Which he totally is. Wade knows how fucking attractive the suit is.) “Yeah, yeah… Uh, sorry,” Mini-Stark pulls his feet up, fidgets, and then rests his head on his knees. Wade decides to leave the kid there but he can’t seem to make his feet move ‘cause the kid looks sick. Like, really sick. “Aaaaaare yoooooou… alright?” Mini-Stark clears his throat, nodding. “Yeah, yeah. I’m fine. You can—you can leave now.” The kid looks up again, runs a hand through his sweaty hair, and then shoos Deadpool away. And so Wade leaves but he can’t really shake the feeling that he should have done something. So when he sees Captain America he tells the blond his step-son is, like, convulsing or something down that hallway over there and the hero fucking runs. ˹Job done, ˼ his boxes think. And then Spider-Man. Wade is immediately a fan. He starts a fan club and everything. (So far, it’s only him and Yellow Box but he’s pretty sure White Box will join them eventually and he can probably rope Hydra Bob into it, too.) Unfortunately, every time he asks for Spidey’s autograph the web-slinger refuses. It’s pretty disheartening. When Peter Stark gets kidnapped Wade figures he’ll try to get into Spider-Man’s good books by rescuing the kid. (Who’s actually seventeen by now but whatever, it’s not like Wade’s seen him since he tripped over him at S.H.I.E.L.D. Pfft.) Mini-Stark is being kept on a moving train, apparently, and Wade has to commend the kidnappers for their original thought. But Wade is determined because—Spider-Man—so it’s no big deal. The fucking robots though, are another matter. They’re big and hard to destroy and they’re good at stabbing him. (And even though Wade heals it still fucking hurts.) When he finally cuts his way through the robots and makes it to the humans guarding Mini-Stark he’s just this side of exhausted and a big part of him is wondering where Papa-Stark and Step-Ma-merica are. When he bursts through the last sets of doors, Mini-Stark is chained to a chair that looks bolted to the floor. Actually, upon closer inspection, the chair totally is bolted to the floor. And then Wade sees Mini-Stark’s face. “Fuck. You alright, Tiny?” Mini-Stark nods weakly. “Peachy-keen, jelly bean,” the teen mutters, which imp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Temporary Character Death
Mild Gore
Superfamily (Marvel)
Inspired by Tumblr
Misunderstandings
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian
中文翻译 | Translation in Chinese
Translation in Vietnamese
Past Rape/Non-con
rape survivor wade wilson
it is a very vague blink-and-you-miss-it kind of reference to Typhoid Mary
Someone asked me to tag it in part two
so i figured i’d add it here too
Deadpool’s canonical self-worth issues
Suicide Attempt
Scars

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

