Chapter 1: The One With Mother's Day at the Zoo
    




Chapter Text
On Mother’s Day, Steve and James  picked that Sunday  to go to the zoo because why not, it wasn’t raining and maybe they’d go for ice cream afterwards (Geeze, Steve, why not just take them to Disneyland while you’re at it) (because I have a meeting tomorrow, but there’s always Father’s Day for that) (oh god shut up before they hear you).So they went to the zoo, and Natasha simply loved the red pandas and Clint wanted to spend the rest of his life feeding the alpacas and sheep in the barnyard, and James very nearly tricked Steve into milking one of the cows. After a couple of hours, however, even Clint started sagging and Steve made the executive decision that it was  ice cream time, only first they had  to do the bathroom thing.Clint went with Steve into the men’s room, while Natasha got a pep talk and directions to not dawdle, then she headed into the women’s washroom while James waited outside for her in as non-creeperish a way as he could.(Daddy, I am five years old. I am a big girl! She had said indignantly the week before at the library. I can go to the bathroom by myself. And so James had let her, hovering nervously by the drinking fountain until Natasha came back out again, triumphant and smug about how very capable and adult she was and then James ended up carrying her home because it was raining and she didn’t want her shoes to get wet.)Steve and Clint reappeared, then Natasha came out (yes I washed my hands. Yes, I used soap. Daddy, honestly!) Then it was James’ turn, and so he didn’t get to witness what Steve later would call "the teachable moment from hell."So yeah it was Mother’s Day and Natasha didn’t care, she didn’t have a mother and all the grown-ups who said she should give her father something instead were wrong, because Father’s Day was in June and her Daddy would get his present then because he was her daddy and Natasha was doing just fine without a mother, thank you very much. But Clint had a mommy and even though he only got to see her a few times a year, he loved his mommy very much and thought she was perfect and beautiful and smart and gave the best hugs and sometimes he missed her so much that he cried himself to sleep, but he didn’t tell his dad because it made his dad sad and Clint didn’t want to see his dad sad.(He also had a secret about Mother’s Day, one he hadn’t told even Natasha. He had made his mother a Mother’s Day card in kindergarten last week like everyone else. He had been so careful in gluing the macaroni shapes onto the construction paper, and had made two special purple flowers instead of one like he was supposed to. He smuggled the card home in his backpack and hid it in his secret box of things he was going to show mommy when she came home again, like the special flat stone he’d found at Coney Island and the drawing he’d made at Christmas of him and her and daddy. One day, mommy would come home and he would give her the Mother’s Day card and she would be happy and maybe she wouldn’t leave quite so soon this time.)In any event, back at the zoo, Steve was sitting on a bench checking his email while Clint and Natasha debated the merits of asking for a snack before they left, versus waiting for the promised ice cream, when some lady butted in and asked them if they had done nice things for their mommies on Mother’s Day.Natasha looked at the woman with narrowed eyes, but Clint answered right away because that was what he did when someone asked him a question. “My mommy works. I live with my dad.”The woman bent down in front of Clint, which made Natasha very unhappy because her daddy had always told her that strange adults shouldn’t talk to children without checking with the other grownups first. And Steve was sitting right over there. “Oh, you poor thing,” the woman was saying, her face all screwed up. “Your daddy not even letting you see your mommy on Mother’s Day.”That wasn’t right, not at all, but Clint didn’t know what to say because a big ball of sad was starting to balloon in his stomach, the kind of sad where he missed his mommy so much and he couldn’t talk about it to anyone. “My mommy’s working,” he tried to shout, but it came out as a whisper and there were hot tears in his eyes and his throat hurt and he desperately wanted this woman to go away.Natasha, her hands clenched at her sides, shoved her way between Clint and the strange woman, and said very loudly, “Well, I don’t have a mommy. She didn’t want me and so she left me in a garbage can and now I have a daddy and he,” Natasha said, stepping closer to the woman. “Told me not to talk to strangers.”Steve was there then, asking what was the matter and Clint could press his face against his father’s pant leg and Natasha was saying things but all Clint wanted was for everyone to go away so he could hide and cry alone because only babies cried because they missed their mothers, everyone knew that.Then Steve was lifting Clint up to his should
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Domestic
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Kid Fic
Outtakes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

