Chapter 1: Unfortunate Introductions
    




Chapter Text
Part of Eddie wished he would have just gone home after the first crime. He had a long day of dealing with rude people everywhere and wanted nothing more than to go home and eat their weight in tater tots.

Hungry

Of course, it wasn’t just Eddie’s hunger they had to sate. Eddie has been out for hours, searching for some truly horrendous criminal to eat. The last criminal they had stopped was just some stupid teenager trying to rob a poor woman walking home from a late shift at whatever full-time job she had. Eddie would feel bad about doing more than just scaring him off.
The second was only an hour later. A group of young adult women, maybe in their early 20’s, coming out of a nearby club, piss drunk. A burly man followed them out, brandishing a large pocket knife. Eddie wasn’t sure if something was going to happen, but he wasn’t going to risk it.
The ladies were so drunk they hadn’t heard his muffled scream as Venom threw the man into an alleyway. The man, surprisingly unafraid of Venom, charged them almost immediately. The hand that had the knife was bitten off before it got even remotely close to their chest.
Tasty, but not even biting his screaming head off helped their hunger. They stuck around for a while longer, to both of their dismays. 
Eddie heard a far away yelp of pain. Another late-night alleyway robbery, if he had to guess. He was looking for a meal, but stopping criminals got old. He sighed tiredly, but got in position to run.
He leapt across a few rooftops, sticking close to where he heard the noise, while keeping a close eye out for any trouble. He jumped to the highest one he could find nearby and stood on the ledge, pausing to focus on hearing the same sound again.
He waited for quite a long time before he heard a similar grunt of pain from an alleyway just a few buildings to his right. He ran across a few roofs, and landed on the shortest one thus far, where he last heard noise.
He took a glance over the ledge and saw a young, brown-haired boy, back against the wall, clutching a small gray backpack tightly in his arms. Directly in front of him were three men in similar looking leather jackets, two of them brandishing blades. The third was closest to the boy, not holding anything, but still had the kid reeling back from the punch.
The kid looked a bit roughed up: dirt embedded in his knees, footprints on his shirt, and some small bruises beginning to form on his face. Seems like this had been going on for a while, going by how purple the bruises were.
He had a hunch the men, although they were the people who started this, weren’t really looking for a fight to begin with. Robbers never usually were. They wanted nothing more than to take the goods unopposed and run before they could get caught. 
Seemed like this one just didn’t go as planned. 
If the kid was smart, he’d let them take the bag and whatever he had in it. They would take it and run off to wherever they were gonna go and Eddie would follow them. He’d return it and whatever they took from it, no harm done. To the kid anyway.
“C’mon, just hand the bag over and we might let you go.” the front most man said, threateningly leaning in a bit closer to the boy.
“No way!” he yelled, earning him another punch to the gut. When he got the wind knocked out of him he hunched over slightly, but the bag still in his arms took most of the blow. He took in a deep, shaky breath to combat the pain.
“I wasn’t asking.” the man sneered, slowly pulling back his clenched fist down to his side. “And I won’t say it again. Hand it over before I get serious.”
The man reached his hand into his jacket pocket and brought out a switchblade bigger than his friends’, flicking it open with a sharp snap. The kid flinched, but didn’t yield. “No.” he said firmly, clinging to the bag even tighter.

He’s going to get hurt

It was then Eddie decided they needed to help. They jumped up and forward, landing themselves directly behind the two men. They quickly took them out, throwing them against the wall and knocking them out instantly. 
They turned to face the man, who had dropped his knife and had his back to the kid. Eddie could see the sweat forming on his forehead. Venom stuck their tongue out to taste the air. They smelled the scent of cigarette ashes and whiskey on his jacket. More importantly, though, they tasted the fear radiating off of him. 

Delicious.

They let out a guttural growl and opened their maw to reveal the long, pointed tongue in their mouth. Acidic spit dripped from their shark-like teeth. The man choked out a whimper, knees threatening to buckle underneath him.
“You should run. While you still have legs.”
The man blinked back tears, quickly ran past them, and sprinted down the long alley as fast as his shaking legs could take him. He let out a garbled mess of screams for help as he ran.
“Close your eyes.” Venom said, looking the kid in his eyes. He was shaking a bit, but did so. He turned
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Eddie Brock & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Irondad
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Eddie Brock
Parent Tony Stark
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Gender Neutral Pronouns for Loki
Trans Peter Parker
Found Family

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Eddie Brock & Peter Parker

