Work Text:


I.
"You're looking for death, Logan," Erik said quietly, all cold, calm logic, not so much intimidation or malice but brutal honesty, and Charles bit down hard on his lower lip, sharp enough to taste copper.Logan sniffed at the air, his semi-feral eyes catching his for a moment, all assessing, then he smirked.  "Someone's confident.  Hurts my feelings, it does.  But you know me, I ain't ever gonna pass up on a punch-up, even if the other guy's twice again as tall as me or shits laser beams.  'Sides," Logan lowered his voice, pitching it menacingly soft even as he took another step closer, "I ain't wearing a lick o' metal on me, right now, bub.  Maybe you could pin me full o' forks and spoons, but do you want to bet that I can't give you a real close inspection o' my bone claws before you do enough damage for me to pass out?"Charles had heard the stories, heard the rumors; Logan's healing factor was phenomenal, matched only by his ferocity in battle, his fearless berserker-like rampages. His mutation wasn't flashy, wasn't explosively destructive, wasn't elemental in scope like Erik's, but in a close up battle between the two, Charles would hesitate to bet his coin."You planned this," Raven murmured, with a quick glance at Logan, who rolled his broad shoulders into a careless shrug.  Raven held Charles' eyes, thoughtfully, her gaze flicking down to his abused lower lip, and then she smiled, secretive like the way they did when they were children, playing hide and seek with the help in their house.  "Law's the law, Magneto.""I don't want anyone to get hurt," Charles said plaintively, only to flinch and cringe back against his sister when Erik silenced him with a flat, warning stare."We could play cards or dice for you, I s'pose," Logan conceded, if grudgingly, "Your call, Mags."Charles could almost hear Erik assessing the situation, the way everyone else in the club was watching them with avid fascination, the way it would look if the world's so-called most powerful mutant lost to someone with a mutation as comparatively weak as self-healing.  Logan was indeed wearing no metal at all - even his buckle and buttons were horn, he was fast, vicious, and more importantly, had a long list of impressive kills, consisting of mutants on power scales that should have been far off his own.  It was, after all, why Erik had let Logan into his inner circle in the first place, tolerated Logan's insolence and his loose cannon nature.Erik could fight Logan, close up, where Logan was at his best, risk death, grave injury or at the very least, a blow to his social standing - or he could get rid of the sub that he'd never wanted.  Put that way, Charles wasn't entirely surprised when Erik's lip twisted, almost into a sneer.  "Cards, then."Logan turned to face the crowd, clearly unconcerned about showing his back to Erik.  "Anyone have a deck o' cards?"A murmur that seemed almost apologetic rippled through the crowd, and even Raven rolled her eyes.  No one would come to an exclusive, invite-only club like Genosha with a card deck, after all... but even as Logan snorted, someone sidled through the crowd - a boyish, tall mutant with a shock of dark brown hair, and disconcerting eyes that were all black, with pupils that were faint pinpoints of red, sleek in a suit and fingerless gloves."Perhaps I may be of service, mon ami," the mutant said, palming a deck of cards from his suit pocket and tossing it to Erik."You're..." Erik paused, but only for a moment - Charles knew that he never forgot a face, or a name.  "Gambit, aren't you.  Kinetic energy manipulation.""That's me," Gambit nodded.  "And that's my favorite deck that you're handling, so give it back t'me when you're finished, oui?"Erik tossed the deck's box back to Gambit and inspected the cards - as far as Charles could tell, it was a standard deck, with no marks or tricks.  "And now?" Erik asked Logan, his voice laced so thick with disdain that Charles felt himself freezing up against Raven.  Hidden from the crowd by her body, she squeezed his fingers lightly, reassuringly."We each pick a card.  Aces low, Kings high.  Highest card wins.  Suits don't matter.  Three rounds." Logan shrugged.  "Unless you want to play fuckin' Solitaire or something fancy.""Anything more difficult may be unfairly taxing for you," Erik replied, with studied condescension, passing the cards to Raven.  "Shuffle the cards, Mystique."Charles knew that Raven was watching him out of the corner of her eye as she did so, betraying her tension in the line of her slim shoulders, even if outwardly she remained expressionless.  She fanned out the cards, face down, between them, and Erik and Logan both picked a card.  Erik held his up first - an eight of spades.  Logan's was a ten of diamonds."Your round," Erik said, a slight frown marring his brow, as they handed the cards back to Raven as she shuffled the cards again.  This time, it was Erik's five of clubs to Logan's two of hearts."Best o' three." 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Slash
one-sided
Mental Abuse

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier

