Chapter 1: the longing
    




Chapter Text

“You’re safe,” Bucky’s voice rumbles in Steve's ear, low and soft, a nice addition to the white noise of the apartment in the moonlight. It shoots through Steve’s bones and makes him instantly more relaxed. It's safe here. “C’mere, sweetheart. Hmm. I’ve got you, honey.” 
 The apartment is cold. It’s--yeah. It’s goddamn freezing.
Steve’s teeth are chattering, but Bucky tugs his small body into his warm, broad chest, and Steve curls up there, fitting perfectly, like their arms were designed for nothing but this; this comfort. Each other.

 He presses his nose right into Bucky’s neck, inhaling the safe scent of his Alpha. A sense of peace washes over him, and Steve feels every muscle uncoil, the tension seeping out just at the mere presence of his Alpha.  

 Steve never could sleep when Bucky worked late--could never sleep until he got home.  

 He didn’t feel safe, at ease--not entirely, anyway--until Bucky was there. 

He just isn’t used to being alone. 

He’d met his Alpha so early in life, Steve had always had Bucky around. He's spoiled in that way, had never truly understood those around him who longed for their mates, who eyed him and Bucky with jealousy, seeing their natural closeness. 

Steve spends his days revelling in the fact that loneliness is a feeling his heart will never have to know. 

 “S’cold,” Steve says stupidly, as if Bucky can’t feel his icy toes pressed against his calves. 

 Bucky’s arms squeeze Steve tighter into his chest, and he pressed his warm cheek over Steve’s cold ear.  

 “I know,” Bucky whispers, his voice full of guilt. “I’m so sorry, Stevie. You’ll warm up soon, just stay nice n’close.” 
 It isn’t his fault--it's never Bucky's fault. Steve is the one who can't work, given how sickly he is, and Bucky works so hard  at the docks...but there just isn’t enough work to go around.  
 Heating is expensive, and they always have food and water and medication for Steve to think about first.  

 They can’t have it all--though Steve never feels like he's missing out, even on nights like these, when the cold knocks at his rib cage and makes his lungs rattle. 

He knows he has nothing to complain about. His heart is full, even if his belly is not. This life had given him Bucky, and that is more than he could have ever imagined for himself. 

 Bucky radiates heat, and it's enough just to have him close. Hearing Bucky's guilty tone, Steve deeply regrets saying anything at all. 

 “You make it better,” Steve reassures him quickly, snuggling closer. He feels a roiling sense of guilt for even mentioning it, knowing what his misery does to Bucky. 

Bucky--golden, amazing Bucky, who only ever wanted to give his Omega the world.  

 “Sleep, Stevie,” Bucky murmurs into his hair, like a lullaby. His calloused hands draw lazy shapes along the ridges of Steve’s spine. He smells like smoke, and ocean water. He smells like Steve's.“You’re warmer now, ain’t you, honey?” 

 Steve presses himself into the space of Bucky’s body, not wasting an inch of Bucky’s exposed warm skin. 

“Yeah,” Steve sighed, his goosebumps beginning to fade, as the comfort of sleep began to take him. His eyes closed heavily. He feels himself being tugged away into a dream space, where he knows he'll find Bucky waiting, not knowing a moment of loneliness even in his sleep. “Yeah, Buck. M'warm now.” 
***“Steve?”Steve blinks quickly, his eyes refocusing on the room around him, reality snapping back into place. That Brooklyn night, so long ago, slips away like water. Natasha and Sam are sitting at his dining room table, squinting at him, their posture rigid. Steve's apartment looks nothing like home. Sam's face is a mixture of concern and suspicion. Natasha is harder to read, but she looks vaguely worried. Perhaps a bit annoyed. Steve swallows, a chill running over his body. He gets up silently, and shuts the open window, stopping the January breeze from entering the apartment with a robotic movement. He had heat, now, could afford to crank it to its highest setting and run it all day and all night. But Steve had never been colder. “It’s freezing in here,” He notes dully, staring out at the city skyline. His voice is flat, and sounds far away, even to his own ears. “Did you hear  anything I just said?” Sam asks incredulously. “Like, where the hell did you just go, man? ‘Cause you weren’t in the kitchen with us, that’s for sure.”Steve sits back down again, wrapping his arms around himself. It doesn't help, he's chilled to the bone. “Sorry,” He says softly, not meeting his friend’s eyes. He doesn’t want to talk about the past. He isn’t strong enough. “--You were saying?” “We got a hit on Barnes. Security cameras on the subway picked up this,” Sam pushes a blurry picture across the table towards Steve. “There, in the red. That’s him, right?” Steve makes himself look, but it takes real effort, preparing himself to see a photo of a man who isn't his Bucky, a mistaken identity, yet another dead
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
bucky/steve
Steve/Bucky

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
A/B/O
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Touch-Starved
Texting
heat - Freeform
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Recovered Memories
Scenting
Pining
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Beta Sam Wilson
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst
Charming Bucky Barnes
Pet Names
Heavy Angst
Happy Ending
Bucky spies on Steve
bucky gives steve his sweatshirt
Flashbacks
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
mated
pre war flashbacks
Dream Sharing
Shared Dream
dream - Freeform
Modern Era
Anxious Steve Rogers
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
bucky/steve
Steve/Bucky

