Chapter 1: Prologue : Star-Fucking-Bucks
    


Notes:
Hi hello, thankyou for taking the time to read my fic ! Please feel free to leave a comment [Or if you REALLY must, a Kudos ;)] and give some constructive critism! ALSO! I really would love a Beta reader! So any volunteers for that would make me oh so so happy :)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Captain America is a dick, and I may never forgive him. Like, ever. I swear to Thor, the guy is a douche-canoe of epic proportions and he is never getting a customized playlist from me ever again. Come on Darcy, he said, puppy dog eyes trained in on me with full power, This isn’t even a real mission, Just surveillance, it’ll be easy, he said. Just surveillance my ass. He’d asked me to help him out on a teeny tiny ‘personal’ problem, something that should have been easy for someone who was training to be an Agent of SHIELD, before, well, ya know, the whole shit fight in DC. There was a group of men who he believed had been involved with the day to day care of the Winter Soldier, before he did his whole ‘Free Willy’ impersonation.
 
Problem was, bless his righteous soul, the good ole Captain forgot one tiny detail about my stupid, ex Poli-sci student self. I suck at this whole covert thing. Literally, the one time I got sent out on a mission with a senior agent I got us both stuck in a well for over 36 hours. An honest to god, slimy as hell, cold, wet, water well. We weren’t even supposed to get out of our car! But in my defence, I really had to pee and there was a very promising looking clump of trees that I would have made it to had I not tripped and taken a horrible little vacay where even lassie dared not go.
 
Anyways, so there I was, in a Starbucks of all places, (Do not even get me started on the epic shitfest that is Starbucks), and I was surveilling these guys, when the only thing I’m really qualified to survey since my good old SO up and abandoned me is the coffee order of a senior agent. So I’m staring at this group of dudes, but in like a totally covert way, when all of a sudden one of them just grabs me by the arms and drags me outside. I mean the nerve! He didn’t even bother trying to be subtle about it! He was just all douchey and muscly and totally hot, which by the way, is totally not fair because cute faces should not happen to bad people, especially Hydra people. I told him this, of course, because I have awful verbal diarrhoea, and I’m pretty sure if anyone ever decided that I was valuable enough to kidnap because of the whole Thor thing I would accidently tell them everything they wanted to know before they even had to torture me. Which is probably the reason I never really upgraded from ‘coffee girl’ after Hawkeye stopped trying to train me when SHIELD commandeered my employment from Jane in what they’d called an ‘opportunity’ and an ‘enticing pay rise’ and I called ‘inappropriate timing’ and a ‘violation of privacy’, but I was pretty sure was just a way of ensuring I didn’t blurt something stupid to some stranger or slow Jane down in her research into the rainbow road. Which, I personally found insulting, I mean really, I did help save the world that time in London. Not to mention I built every single machine in Janes lab from scratch. But every time I voiced this opinion I was given a condescending look and told a Mechanical Engineer without even so much as a completed Political Science degree was of no use to them. The bastards.
 
So now, ladies and gentlemen, we round to present time, aka me standing in a dingy DC back alley surrounded by Hydra goons and nobody to blame but Steve Rodgers and my shitty surveillance skills. Tall , Hot and Douchey was holding me up against the wall by my throat, which I must say wasn’t my favourite thing in the world, and his pals, Captain Cockface and Sergeant Shortass were making the creepy serial killer eyes at me.
“So I guess your toothbrush got blown up along with the Triskellion then,” I intoned to THD before wincing as he tightened his hold on my throat and sneering in my face. Ugh. Total murder breath dudebro, not cool.
“Is that … Octopus I smell?” I gasped out, spots were dancing before my eyes by this point and I was really really beginning to wish I had a brain to mouth filter. Also that I’d found time to keep up with the more physical aspect of my training after Clint bounced. Or that I had my Taser in my hoodie pocket, instead of in my huge bag back inside the Starbucks. Jesus, the list of regrets I’m going out with is huge, while we’re at it I might as well add never growing the balls to pinch Captain Apple Ass’, well, ass.
 
Just as I was about to tap out on the whole breathing thing I found myself abruptly on the floor and once again consuming oxygen. Yay! I mean, so what if I was doing the goldfish thing and making weird gaspy noises. I almost died. There were literal spots in my vision, I totally saw the light. And it absolutely was of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/ Her damn fucking self

freeform: 
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Bucky doesn't really know what is going on
He's kind of all over the place
Steve wants to help
He swears like a sailor
it is known
Darcy is super smart
Like genuis level smart
ha
Try to guess which cliche I'm going to use that one with
BAMF Darcy Lewis
SHIELD Agent Darcy Lewis
Darcyland
Darcy the Mechanical Engineer
James is a kicked puppy
We must protect the winter soldier
Darcy is still sassy sans voice
Bucky understands her crazy miming
He is literally the only one
who is the lion
and who is the lamb
Clint Barton has a farm
E I E I OH
Big Brother Clint
Darcy is the little sister he never knew he wanted
Bucky is bipolar as hell
But really who wouldnt be
Deaf Clint Barton
So many dads

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/ Her damn fucking self

