Chapter 1: Dreams
    


Summary:

On the third night, the Asset dreamed.





Chapter Text

The Asset (Code Name: Winter Soldier) is a very sophisticated tool and must be treated as such.  Improper handling may lead to the Asset behaving unpredictably and responding to his keepers with violence. When protocol is followed the Asset has never failed to complete a mission.
...
Standard skill loadout for the Asset includes knowledge of all standard weaponry produced in the last eighty years as well as verbal and written comprehension of the world's most common languages. (See Appendix E for a comprehensive list)
...
Due to limitations in the behavioral conditioning the Asset is not recommended for missions exceeding 72 hours without supplemental maintenance. Even with these precautions, longer missions necessitate close monitoring. If at any point in his mission the Asset becomes unstable his handlers must take corrective action up to and including a full reboot.
...
As part of every mission loadout the Asset is given a homing order. If he becomes separated from his handlers the Asset will be compelled to seek the nearest owner-designated safe house and await retrieval.
     - Excerpts from "User Guide: Winter Soldier" Version 11.02
 
April 2014
A small house in one of DC’s bedroom communities was actually a HYDRA safe house. That was where the Asset went, after he fished Captain America out of the Potomac and left him on the banks for his allies to find. The Asset didn’t know why he had done it, but in the moment there had been no other choice. He had been compelled to save the Captain, even though the Asset had taken considerable personal damage during their encounter.   The house was empty. Protocol dictated that whenever possible a retrieval team would be waiting for him. In their absence, the Asset would need to perform basic maintenance on himself.The river water had left a stench on his skin and it would compromise the healing of his wounds. Cleaning his skin would allow him to heal faster, but he could barely move the arm that was still flesh. The Captain had dislocated his shoulder and the Asset put it back into place. There was no one to hear him scream.The hygiene products in the bathroom had instructions and the Asset utilized them in water so hot the room filled with steam and turned his skin pink. As he scrubbed the dirt and discomfort off, the deep ache in his shoulder got easier to bear.He walked naked through the house to the panic room, leaving wet footprints and drips of water as he went. A well-stocked first aid kit sat prominently on one of the shelves and the Asset took bandages and a sling. He dried off, then sat on the floor to bandage his wounds and placed his arm in the sling.Without the retrieval team to perform repairs, the Asset would need to rely on his healing factor. The serum was at its most effective when he was well rested so the Asset would need to sleep. He took a pair of loose pants from one of the bins of clothing in the panic room. For some reason, the idea of sleeping naked disturbed him. Sleeping on the floor was contraindicated when he was injured, so the Asset went into the bedroom. The mattress was bare although there was a stack of linens in one of the closets. He didn’t bother with them, someone would be here for him soon. He curled up in the middle of the bed with a blanket and rested.He slept, eight hours of perfect blackness, and woke to the light coming through the curtains. His shoulder didn’t hurt anymore and his cuts were healed. He took off the sling and peeled his bandages off.Protocol dictated he should eat. The pantry had canned foods. The Asset selected one at random and took it to the communications room. He put the HYDRA emergency channel on one screen and a local news station on another. The can contained cut green beans and the Asset ate them while the FBI arrested Senator Stern live on television.He shouldn’t have saved the Captain. The Asset wasn’t sure where the thought came from, but once it was there he couldn’t get rid of it. He had disobeyed orders. Pierce would be displeased. The Asset’s muscles tensed. He didn’t know why.On the second day, he had intended to watch the news channels all day again, but the urge to turn off the screens had become unbearable after he saw them carry Pierce’s body out of the wreckage of the Triskelion. The Asset retreated to the panic room and cleaned every weapon in the gun safe. He had no reason to, he had no orders to perform maintenance, but seeing the footage of Pierce’s body made him feel strange. Performing the maintenance made the uncomfortable sensation go away. When he finally went back to the bedroom to sleep, he put the fitted sheet on the mattress.He woke up the third morning to the sound of birds. He didn’t get out of bed right away. His sleep periods had always been tightly controlled to optimize his performance but now he had no mission, no urgent task he needed to accomplish for his handler, no h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
background Jemma/Trip
background Natasha/Sam
Memory Loss
Hallucinations
The Asset's horrific treatment by HYDRA
Assumed (but not actual) Major Character Death
Coulson's team has trust issues
Bucky doesn't remember Steve is Captain America
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
AOS S2 compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

