Work Text:
An Omega in HeatHis father once told him that one day he would find the right person and desire him or her to become his mate. And that nothing would be more important than having that person, keeping that person, and protecting him or her from any harm.Thor wasn't all that sure about that, though. He had never felt the need to actually possess someone like that. Oh sure, he often caught the alluring scent of a person in heat, he had seen how the others made fools out of each other to gain their favor, how they thought between each other if the person was indecisive. Not Thor, though. He didn't care about that. He got plenty of ass outside of heat, he didn't need a mate when he could sate himself on the nearest willing body.And because he was the son of the alpha King, soon to be King himself, there were plenty of willing bodies.No, Thor had never felt the need to find a mate. With time, he got really good at denying the instinctual rise of lust each time he could smell heat. Even omegas didn't manage to break his vow not to mate with anyone. Oh sure, they were beautiful, and their scent was like magnolias in spring, but Thor remained strong. He did not need a mate, he reminded himself constantly. He really didn't.But, eventually, even Thor's iron resolve crumbled.*~*He had been walking towards the training hall when he first smelled it. The most beautiful scent in the world – of a body, warm with heat and fertility, amplified by its owner's status.An omega in heat. He was instantly hard.Thor had no desire to act on his lust, but that didn't mean he couldn't take a look. So he followed that enrapturing scent, allowing himself the luxury to breath it in deep. If he closed his eyes, he could just imagine what it would be like if he actually took this one. He had never smelled anything so beautiful, and he had been around plenty of omegas. Something was different about this one.He found out why when he passed the corner and actually saw the omega.Loki. His darling little brother Loki was standing pressed against the wall, staring fearfully at the group of betas and gammas surrounding him. His cheeks were flushed with heat, glistering with perspiration, his breath ragged with need and fear. And he was scared. He was terrified.And it suddenly hit Thor.Omegas were the most prized members of their society. The most beautiful, the most fertile, with the sweetest scent you ever did smell. But they were at the very bottom of the hierarchy, had the smallest amount of rights. Whoever won the fight for the omega would have him or her, no matter how the omega struggled and cried. Because an omega was a prize, more often than not treated as nothing more than a thing to show off and breed with as often as possible.Thor could see the group closing in on his brother, one person even dared to trace his brother's brow in a lover's caress.Loki was an omega. Whoever won this fight would have the right to claim him as theirs. And Loki would never be anything more than a thing to be envious of.Before Thor knew, Mjolnir was in his hand, and he was charging into the group. It barely took him any time at all. He was alpha, second only to Odin himself, and his would-be-rivals could already feel it with each bone he broke.When the last person fell under the mighty Mjolnir, Thor turned to face his brother. Loki's breath hitched fearfully, and Thor could guess why – he was covered in blood, his mind already going wild from the thrill of victory and the scent of heat, he knew it probably showed in his expression, in his eyes. Loki looked as if he wanted to flee, so Thor moved quickly towards him, and grabbed him around the waist, lifting him up and over his shoulder, then effortlessly carrying him off to Thor's room.And so Thor chose a mate, and won the right to bed him. And as it was an omega, Thor could do whatever he wanted now.Thor was glad for that. Because it was better it was him who won Loki, than someone who wouldn't even realize what an honor it was.*~*Loki yelped when Thor threw him onto the bed. Thor stood at the foot, just staring as his brother shivered, eyes glistering with a need he probably didn't understand.Loki was still relatively young. He probably barely even knew what would happen.Thor would show him then.With quick jerky movements, Thor disrobed himself, then climbed onto the bed. He grasped at his brother, forcing his clothing off, ripping what refused to give. His brother mewled in protest, then yelped again when Thor flipped him onto his stomach.Thor stared at the expanse of creamy white skin, moist from sweat. He couldn't resist the urge to kiss down that beautiful back, to caress all that he could reach as he made his way down to Loki's bottom. His brother gave a full bodied shudder when Thor spread his buttocks and licked towards the opening. He spent a short moment there, tasting and caressing, but Loki was already so wet, so open, so ready.Thor slipped inside with little trouble. It was wet and sl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Mpreg
Slash
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alternate Universe - Canon

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

