Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The room is cold, nothing at all like the warm one he’s normally kept in. It’s smaller too and lacking any windows, the only bit of light he has is coming from the single light bulb hanging above him. It gives off an eerie glow.He blames himself for ending up here. Disobeying was what got him locked away. It was punishment for his actions. No omega was to disobey their alpha.But Steve didn’t have an alpha, at least, not the way he was supposed to. He was always told that his alpha would take care of him, protect him. Their bond was supposed to be strong, built from love.This wasn’t love. This was far from it.The alpha that Steve is forced to call his own is nothing like the stories he grew up hearing. His mother always told him that one day he’d find his mate. Steve had been wary. No alpha would ever want him. He had been a small, sickly omega. He wasn’t good enough for any alpha.That wasn’t him anymore. He was stronger now. But his size was intimidating to most alphas. If it weren’t for his sweet scent, anyone would assume he was an alpha. He wishes now that he had been born one.Maybe he wouldn’t have ended up like this.Steve tries the door across the room, somehow hoping that it would open and he would be free. But the lock is still in place, preventing him from leaving.It’s his fault. He never should have run away. He never should have disrespected his alpha.Steve’s hand trails down to his swollen belly, the fluttering from inside reminding him of why he did what he did. The pup in his belly didn’t deserve this life. He had to run away, get somewhere safe. But he had failed.His eyes squeeze shut when the muscles tighten underneath his fingertips. He bites back the groan that builds in his throat, not wanting to draw unwanted attention to himself. They wouldn’t check on him. Keeping him isolated was what he deserved.The thought of having to deliver this pup on his own strikes fear in him. All of the others had been safely born by some type of medical professional. The pups were important and Alpha made sure they were delivered with care.Steve is tempted to call out to the guards and beg to be taken somewhere safe to give birth, but he holds back. The other pups had always been ripped away from him the moment he brought them into the world. This one needed to be with him. He wouldn’t let them hurt his pups anymore.A small groan escapes him when his belly tightens again. The pain is getting worse. The omega gasps, eyes shooting open in surprise when his pants grow wet. His pup would be here soon.He bangs his fist against the metal door, crying out when the next contraction hits with a vengeance. Anyone standing outside the door would ignore his cries, assuming he was crying out from his punishment.Steve pants through the pain, tears gathering in his eyes when it intensifies. He’s been through this enough times to know what to expect, but each time he struggles to cope with the pain brought on by the contractions.He gives up on the door, knowing his attempts at breaking free would fail. Maybe if the circumstances were different he’d be able to get out. The serum running through his veins gave him a superhuman strength. He wouldn’t dare break down this door now, not when he was trying to keep his pup safe.He had already risked too much when he tried to escape the first time. He hadn’t made it very far, only making it outside of the stone walls and into the dark, thick woods that surround the grounds. He wishes he was there now. Anywhere was safer than here.Steve groans again, gritting his teeth when the contraction peaks. The pup drops lower, creating an uncomfortable pressure deep in his pelvis. He manages to glance around the room, heart sinking at the realization that he’d be giving birth here and alone.His older room offered more comfort. Alpha had rewarded him with his own room and bed. He was special, at least, that’s what Alpha liked to say. The omega didn’t feel special now.Steve moves away from the door, only managing to take a few steps before he’s doubling over and crying out from another contraction. He pants heavily, tears streaking his face when the pain worsens.He lowers himself down to the floor, a shiver running up his spine from the cold surface. It wasn’t an ideal place to give birth. He’d rather be somewhere warm and safe to deliver his pup. But he was forced to give birth on the cold floor like some kind of animal.But that’s exactly what he was. He was only meant for one thing: breeding.Steve tips his head back against the wall, settling his gaze on the bulb above him. He breathes steadily through each contraction. The pressure in his pelvis increased; it was almost time to push.The omega reaches for the band of his pants and lowers them down to his ankles, spreading his legs as wide as he can. The next contraction hits, punching a pained gasp from Steve’s lips. He slips a hand between his legs, feeling around his opening and brushing against wet hair. His pup w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Not Canon Compliant
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Mpreg
Breeding
Forced Pregnancy
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Hurt Steve Rogers
Angst
Evil Alexander Pierce
Creepy Alexander Pierce
Creepy Brock Rumlow
Hydra (Marvel)
Pre-HYDRA Reveal
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Pregnant Steve Rogers
Male Lactation
Giving Birth
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Parent Steve Rogers
Parent Tony Stark
Steve Rogers is Not Captain America
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Baby Peter Parker
Whump
Eventual Smut
Fluff and Angst
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Dark fic
Rape
rape scene
Rape Recovery
SHIELD

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

