Chapter 1: Tradition
    




Chapter Text


FEBRUARY 25th, 2012

The room is so quiet that Steve can hear the tapping of Tony’s fingers against his phone. It’s the third e-mail he’s written since their interview began just over ten minutes ago. Steve swallows the urge to tell him to put it away. It’s probably important, he thinks, he’ll just be another minute.He avoids the eyes of the committee in front of him. His eyes dart to everything else in the room that he can feign the slightest interest in: the ornate chandelier hanging over head, the gilded lion statue crouched and ready to attack, the burgundy carpet beneath his feet, anything that isn’t the three sets of eyes staring at him from across the mahogany table before him. He feels like a child that’s been sent to the principal’s office and now awaits scolding and punishment.“And…we…are…done!” Tony says slowly. He smiles wide and toothily. It’s his business smile, Steve knows. “Now, where were we?”The woman sitting at the center of the table before them purses her lips and readjusts her gold rimmed half-moon glasses. “Mr. Stark, you and your…boyfriend,” she says the word like poison and Steve bristles immediately, “were just telling us why we should consider you for membership to The Cambridge community.”“Why the Hell wouldn’t you want us?” He asks incredulously while still maintaining his charm. “I’ve been on the cover of Forbes ten years in a row!” He chuckles, turning to appeal to Steve. “Tell them, Steve.”“He has.” Steve confirms with a stiff smile. He doesn’t like the idea that they have to prove themselves worthy occupants to these people. It’s what Tony wants. He reminds himself. Do it for Tony. “Not to mention we’ve lived in New York all our lives. We’re accustomed to the lifestyle.”“Where abouts in New York?” The portly man to the left of the stiff looking woman asks.“Manhattan.” Tony says confidently.“Brooklyn.” Steve says, squaring his jaw. He sees Tony fidget uncomfortably beside him and notices the way the committee shares side-eye glances amongst themselves. He elects to hold his tongue and takes a sudden interest in studying the New York skyline visible through the window to his right.“Manhattan…and Brooklyn.” The man on the right side of the table repeats slowly. Steve reckons he looks a bit like one of those sad-faced old beagles but he keeps his thoughts to himself. “How did you two meet?”“We met at a thing.” Tony says quickly. “Now about the apartment. I think you might like to know that I’m willing to put down the next six months’ rent in full, right here and now.”This is news to Steve. He turns away from the window to stare at Tony, who has eyes only for the committee. Steve’s stare slowly flicks to the faces of the council and he can see the dollar signs flashing in their eyes. Steve wants to roll his eyes but he doesn’t. He just looks back to the window.“An interesting offer, Mr. Stark.” The stern woman in the middle says slowly, her eyes flashing with interest behind her thin glasses. “Might we have a week to think on it and get back to you?”Tony smiles quickly before standing and buttoning his suit jacket all while maintaining the air of the cat that got the cream. “How’s about we say three days? Give us a week and we may find something better.”The committee visibly tenses. Tony’s got them where he wants them. Steve often finds himself thinking that Tony’s got the whole world aligned just the way he wants it. He absently wonders if he himself is included in that regard. He likes to think not, but he doesn’t dwell on the thought. He may not like where that particular train takes him.“Steve, babe. We’re leaving?” Tony says, gesturing to the door. Steve nods and rises from the chair, nodding again to the counsel before following Tony’s lead out the door.Steve follows him, through the lobby, and back out into the blistery New York streets. Steve digs his gloves out of his pocket and Tony reaches for his phone. Steve wonders how many e-mails Tony’s gotten since he’d last checked. Probably dozens. Again, Steve doesn’t dwell.“I thought we said we weren’t going to mention Brooklyn?” Tony says absently, eyes never leaving his phone. “They asked. Did you expect me to lie?” Steve asks. He pulls his woolen mittens on, warming his thin fingers. He then adjusts his scarf tighter about his neck. The last thing he needs is to come down with another cold. He’d just gotten over the last one.Tony sighs and fixes Steve with a stern look. “Of course not. You just know how I feel about you mentioning it. You’re better than Brooklyn, Steve. That’s why we’re doing this, isn’t it? So you can move out and we can move on? Grow?”Steve looks down at the frost-covered pavement beneath his feet. He holds his tongue against what he’d like to say, about how he’s as Brooklyn as anyone else on that side of the bridge whether Tony likes it or not. But he doesn’t. If there’s anything he’s learned in his twenty-six years, it’s that he’s got to pick his battles. Thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Mentions of Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Skinny Steve
Veteran Bucky
Sassy Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Road Trip
Road Trips
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Slow Build
Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Eventual Romance
Eventual Smut
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Dirty Talk
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Steve Rogers and his Irish Temper

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Mentions of Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

