Work Text:
“Alright, class.” Mr. Harrington began, stood up the front of the class with an expression that could be associated with excitement.To be fair, Mr. Harrington was an easily excitable man, so there were multiple things they could be told in the next five minutes.“Quieten down, please. Flash Thompson!”Flash’s mouth immediately snapped shut at the sudden yell that made the entire class jump. Then, a range of sniggers echoed around the room when the boy’s face flushed red. Peter smirked a little, but not big enough for Flash to see. If Flash even caught a whiff of Peter’s amusement, the boy wouldn’t hesitate to throw insults his way.Not to say that Peter couldn’t handle the insults, he’d been handling the insults for years. It was just… annoying. Even though the words did hurt sometimes, he had learnt to ignore it to the best of his ability.So, Peter turned to Mr. Harrington and readied himself for whatever piece of information they were going to be given.“I better not see that kind of behaviour on the field trip, Mr. Thompson. That goes for the rest of you, too.” Mr. Harrington’s gaze was suddenly serious as he took the time to eye every single student in the room. The silence was awkward, and all Peter could do was shift in his seat when his teacher’s gaze lingered on him for a little too long. “We have been given the opportunity to go to an organisation that will not tolerate such behaviour. I expect professionalism from each and every one of you while we are there.”Peter raised his eyebrows. He’d hardly ever seen Mr. Harrington look so serious.After another round of stares the man sent around the room, he fiddled with a few papers on his desk before he clapped his hands. Finally, the serious spell was broken, and the usual smile appeared on his teacher’s face.“Where are we going?” Betty asked just when Mr. Harrington was about to open his mouth.“If you would let me begin, Ms. Brant.” Mr. Harrington said without much heat. That smile remained on his face, even when people began to whisper. “This is a once in a lifetime opportunity for most of you, so I would take this very seriously.”“Come on!” Flash suddenly snapped. “Just tell us!”“Well, class.” Peter wanted to combust. If this was such a big deal, why was he taking so long? Peter couldn’t deal with the anticipation. “We’ve been allowed to have a tour at none other than… Stark Industries!”In the moment of silence that followed Mr. Harrington’s announcement, Peter accidentally snapped the pen in his hand. He let out a near-silent curse as blue ink spilt all over his hands, and at the same time, the class exploded with noise. Peter winced from the sudden abuse to his senses.“Dude!” Ned exclaimed, eyes flickering between Peter’s ink-covered hands and his face. “This is… this is awesome!”Peter repressed a groan. Around the room, students excitedly chattered with one another, huge smiles on their faces. He thought about trying to listen to what Flash was saying, but he knew he’d hear about it sooner or later, so he didn’t bother. Instead, he sheepishly stood up to grab some tissues.Everyone looked at him when he sat back down, but he pretended not to notice as he attempted to wipe the ink off of his hands.“Did you know?” MJ suddenly asked, which made Peter jump. He turned to her with furrowed eyebrows.“No.” He gestured to his blue hands. “Wouldn’t have done this if I did.”“Hm. Makes sense.” She shrugged, then went back to sketching in her notebook as if the news didn’t even faze her. Peter’s gaze remained on her for a few seconds before he turned to Ned, who was tapping his arm.“What?” He asked, already prepared for the onslaught of questions.“This is so cool!”“It’s really not.” Peter groaned as he furiously rubbed at his hands.Before Ned could answer, Mr. Harrington demanded silence. When the room obediently did so, the man began.“I have permission slips up the front with me, please grab one on your way out.” Mr. Harrington gestured to the pile of papers. “The field trip will be Friday in two week’s time; however, I expect these permission slips to be back Monday next week. If I don’t receive your permission slip by then, you won’t be attending. Is that clear?”That serious face was back. There was a fair share of nods around the room.When satisfied, there was no more talk of the field trip from Mr. Harrington and class proceeded as per usual. Well, as usual as it could get when they’d just been told about quite possibly the best field trip they would ever go on in high school. Well, for the rest of the class, maybe. For Peter, it was a storm in a teacup.If his luck had taught him anything, it wasn’t going to go well.When class was over, Peter reluctantly trudged to the front of the room with the rest of his peers. Flash elbowed him out of the way, in which Peter pretended to stumble into Betty’s desk. Then, he sent a glare to the back of the bully’s head when he pushed Ned out of his way as well. Mr. Harrington either didn’t notice or didn’t care, be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Sick Peter Parker
Sickfic
Sick Character
Bullying
Angst
Fluff
Crying
Domestic Fluff
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Vomiting
Stark Tower
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Father-Son Relationship
Nicknames
Swearing
Mr Harrington Being A Jerk
False Accusations
Cliche
BAMF Michelle Jones
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Jealousy
might as well add to the 300 existing field trip fics

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

