Work Text:
Peter was working on a prototype for a new kind of wrist brace when a wave of dizziness hit him. Not again. He had to grip hold of the back of a chair to keep his feet. His stomach twisted angrily.It would pass in a minute, he told himself. It always did.Shit, it was starting early, and he was all the way across town from his moldy little apartment. He was usually so much better about staying on top of it, making sure he was never caught out.The cramps he was used to, but why was he so lightheaded now? That was new. Was it just because he'd skipped breakfast? He knew he should take better care of himself, but these last few months he couldn’t quite work up the energy. He just never felt hungry, and even when he bothered to make himself a meal, he didn’t want to eat it. Something about it didn’t feel right, he felt – he felt resentful, somehow, that he was supposed to go to all the trouble of making the food and spooning it into his own mouth. Which was ridiculous, of course.And now he ached, his asshole clenching around nothing, his abdomen cramping wildly. Why was it coming on so strong? He was at work!Since he was a teenager Peter had felt like he was supposed to be doing something great – he wanted to help people. But he was just an ordinary college student. A little on the shrimpy side, even before this latest fugue hit him. Getting this internship at Starkner Industries was the first exciting thing to ever happen to him.Mr. Stark was a great man. Formerly a weapons manufacturer, he had changed course after a freak heart attack and had built a medical company with his best friend, Dr. Banner. Now Starkner was a leader in innovative medical technology.Meanwhile, right in the middle of the last week of his internship, Peter's body was betraying him. He wasn’t going to be able to keep his balance. His knees refused to lock."Hey, are you alright?" Of course his lab partner would notice eventually. "Should I maybe call someone for you?""No!" said Peter. "No, please don’t do that. It's nothing. I’m fine.""Peter, you look awful. I think you might need an ambulance.""No – no doctor, no hospital, please. I’m alright, I promise, please don’t call anyone. Mr. Stark and Dr. Banner are waiting for this prototype ..."The room started to spin, slowly at first and then faster, like he was swinging wildly."Peter!"Everything blurred into grey."Mr. Stark," he whispered. "Dr. Banner." He didn't want to let down the team. 
-*-*-
 Tony and Bruce were in a meeting when the intercom buzzed. "Excuse me, sirs? We have ... something of a situation here."Tony raised an eyebrow and reached over to push the button. "What kind of situation?" "One of the interns has collapsed in the lab. But he was adamant that he didn't want to be taken to the hospital; in fact he seems to be asking for the two of you.""What?" Bruce shot an incredulous glare at the receiver. "Don't be ridiculous. If someone is hurt, call 911.""Which intern?" asked Tony."What does it matter which intern?""Erm, his name is apparently Peter," said the voice, very apologetically. "Peter ... Parker. Sirs, he was very clear that he refuses to let anyone call an ambulance or take him to the hospital."“Bring him up here.”
"What?"
“He’s my best intern,” said Tony. "You're a medical doctor, at least you can look him over.""Tony, I don't think ..."There was a chime at the door. Two of the building security guys appeared looking stressed, practically holding up a frail boy who couldn't be older than 20."Tony, it's probably drugs," said Bruce. "We can't treat that here.""Not Peter," said Tony, shaking his head. "Here boys, bring him this way, to my personal lab. There's an exam table in there, and a bunch of equipment. Come on, Bruce, shake a leg."Tony and Bruce had been drawn together initially by a sprit of scientific inquiry and then later became business partners – perhaps surprisingly, given that Tony was an Alpha and Bruce was a beta. In general Alphas tended more towards competition than collaboration, and betas preferred not to work with them. But they were both outsiders, and neither considered themselves a typical of their designation. They worked well together: Tony’s excitability was balanced out by Bruce’s kindly and placid temperament (although he did have a surprisingly wicked temper when the wrong mood caught him).Tony entered the security code to get into his own private R&D lab, then flipped on the lights."He seems really out of it," said one of the security guys. Peter didn't respond, his eyes vacant."Get him up on the table," Bruce advised, rummaging through one of the drawers for supplies. Fortunately the room had everything under the sun stored in the cabinets, from Tony's wide ranging medical experiments. "He's not going to be able to keep his feet. I'll look him over briefly, but we're calling an ambulance if I'm not completely satisfied.""No hospital," murmured Peter, weakly. The back of his pants was soaked with what Tony thought at first was p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Aged-Up Peter Parker
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Intern Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Medical Kink
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Dubious Consent
Knotting
Bonding
Infantilism
it's kinda sweet though
Gags
Breeding Bench
Spanking
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Bottom Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

