Work Text:



Intruder

“You need to lay off.“Startled, Tony nearly drops his carton of ice cream, cursing as he presses his free hand flat over his Arc Reactor. “Don’t do that, what is wrong with you?!”The change in Natasha’s expression is minor, although the miniscule curl of her lips could very well be an indicator of amusement. Tony’s never sure with her.“And what do you mean I need to lay off?” he demands once the actual words manage to penetrate through his shock, frowning first at her and then down at his stomach, petting it delicately. “I’ll have you know that I’m in perfect shape, thank you.”“That’s not what I meant,” Natasha says pointedly, arches one perfect red eyebrow and simply plucks the ice cream out of Tony’s slack fingers before turning on her heel and striding out of the kitchen.Tony stares after her, blinking stupidly for a few moments until a waft of cool air from the still open freezer reminds him of what he was doing before being so rudely interrupted. “Right. Right,” he sighs, grabs another carton and throws the door shut.He absently starts eating on the way back upstairs, shovelling spoon after spoonful into his mouth while going over Natasha’s warning, repeatedly failing to make any sense of it.  “There better be some pistachios left in there,” is how he’s greeted when he steps into the penthouse, Bucky’s suspiciously narrowed eyes tracking him over the back of the couch.“You okay?” Steve asks when no answer is forthcoming, glancing up from his sketchbook, forehead creased in worry. “Did something happen? Is everyone all right?”Bucky removes his, and Tony knows this from personal experience, always cold feet from underneath Steve’s thigh, making room for Tony to flop down onto the couch between them. He snakes an arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him in to rest against his chest which may or may not be a devious ploy to get at the ice cream.“Sneaky Russian assassin being cryptic and creepy,” Tony mutters to Steve, making a noise of protest when Bucky steals a bite right off his spoon, appeased again when he receives a quick, sticky kiss behind the ear in apology.Steve hums, considering, and flicks at Bucky’s toes when Bucky attempts to worm them back under his leg. “Anything I should bring up in the next team meeting?” he wants to know, stretching to fetch an earlier discarded blanket from the floor and draping it over both Tony and Bucky’s lower halves.Tony shoots him a small smile in thanks, snuggling back against Bucky. “Nah, we’re good. I think.”“Good,” Steve says and intercepts Bucky’s wandering hand, snagging the spoon away from Tony and popping it into his own mouth before Bucky gets the chance to do so.

***
“We are not watching RoboCop again,” Steve starts with an exasperated sigh, leaning over Bucky to get at the remote and pursing his lips when Tony scrambles away and out of his reach, holding it up over his head like a hard-won prize. “Enough with the robot-themed movies already, especially this one. There’s only so many times we can-““I like RoboCop,” Bucky interrupts, gracing Steve with his most innocent smile which, naturally, is not taken seriously at all. For good reason.The glare he gets in return is one of utter betrayal. “You do not. You like him,” Steve huffs and now Tony is the subject of Steve’s famous puppy dog eyes which is entirely unfair. It is a scientific impossibility to deny Steve anything if he goes all disappointed and slightly disapproving national icon on a person. It’s one of the few things the whole team is in agreement over.“Salt or sugar?” Clint yells from the kitchen and Tony is fast to shout back “Salt!” because who in their right mind prefers sweet pop corn?The two identical grimaces of disgust probably mean the men out of time do.“I ain’t kissin’ ya if your mouth tastes all salty,” Bucky declares in a whisper, his grin downright devilish.“This is a reason to reconsider you as my second in command,” Steve adds, all feigned seriousness and contemplative tapping of forefinger against chin.Tony makes the tactical error of chucking the remote at his head, only realising his mistakes when Steve simply snatches it out of the air, exclaims in triumph and exits the current movie to browse through the library.“You ganging up on me is such bullshit,” Tony pouts, kicking at Bucky which turns out sort of satisfying and hilarious when Bucky overbalances and falls back against Steve with a surprised yelp-laugh. “This is my house, my television, my microwave they’re probably making your stupid sugary pop corn in. What about those famous gentlemanly manners I’ve heard so much about?”“Wasted on you, is what they are, assho-“ Bucky starts, spluttering to an abrupt halt when Steve whacks him in the face with one of the couch cushions.“Don’t be crass, Buck.”Channelling his inner five-year-old, Bucky cranes his neck to glower up at Steve from where he’s sprawled halfway across his lap, pointing at Tony in outraged accusation. “What about him?”“Too far away to smo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
POV Tony Stark
Crack
Humor
Misunderstandings
Cockblocking
Clueless Avengers
Pansexual Tony
Gay Bucky
Straight Steve
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Can be read as a stand alone

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

