Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"FRIDAY how is Pepper?"FRIDAY : Mrs Potts is in her bedroom and seems upset. Should I play her favorite songs?Tony smiled sadly. In times like this the man was so glad he created FRIDAY, even though he knew it would do no good to cheer his wife's mood. It had been six months since they were trying to adopt a child but nothing was working in their luck. The couple had tried many adoption agencies and were listed among first ten priorities but even a millionaire like him had to wait like nornal people until they found a child well suited to inherit Stark Industries. Ofcourse they didn't approve the reason because all the couple wanted was a child, someone who called them Mom and Dad. Like always, today also Tony received a rejection letter from yet another adoption agency, crushing the two adults hearts in matter of seconds. Pepper said she needed some time alone and went straight towards their bedroom. The man sighed leaning his head back on the couch "Yes FRIDAY play her favorite songs and Thank you"FRIDAY : You're welcome BossTWO DAYS LATERPepper was gone for grocery shopping when Tony picked the pile of envelopes and took a seat in his office. Another rejection and he slammed the envelopes on the table letting out a frustrated groan. Maybe it would be better if they just went directly to a adoption centre and pick a child. Just when he was about to get up, his eyes fell on a small pink envelope that was glued with his other business related envelope. With a small frown, Tony took the paper and pulled the two envelopes apart "Huh.. this is weird" he commented on seeing there was no name on front or back. The envelope itself looked old and torn from it's sides. Out of pure curiosity, he opened the envelope and found a small piece of single paper which was also halfway torn irregularly. What Tony read was going to shook his entire world
"Dear SantaclOs 

I do Not liKe pinK color but Mr GARat gave me pink envilop. My favRed color is BluE
A small smile graced on Tony's face. This letter was obliviously written to Santa claus and by spelling mistakes, he could easily guess the child couldn't be more than five or six. He leaned back reading further
I noW CHrismas is in 2 Month and sory to DiStub you Mr Santaclos but I Want somthiN from yOu
Tony thought the kid was probably going to ask for gifts, video games or chocolates
I gOt 2 slice of BrEads thos mornIn but my tuMMy is not ful. If it is poSibel pliisZ ask Mr GaRat to giVe me 4 moRe bread. I will be a good boy and do what Mr Garat says. I haVe also cleaNEd the hall aNd wash clOths. 

Peter Parker 
Tony's eyes widened a bit. Out of all the good gifts, the kid was asking for food? His eyes followed down at the end of the page and saw two heart shapes were drawn and one more line was added
CouLd yOu pliiSZ tell my MomMy and DaDdy that I love theM and miSS theM. 
Tony stared at the letter for long time. He didn't know why but his hands were shaking. This little boy, Peter seemed so innocent. Who was this boy and was he asking for food and that too to a Santa claus. He looked up in the air "FRIDAY could you look up at a name for me please. It's Peter Parker" FRIDAY : Searching for Peter Parker Few seconds later FRIDAY : Peter Parker is a five year old boy who lived in an orphanage before he was adopted by Mr and Mrs George Garrett six months back. Tony nodded "Okay.. can you pull up a file on this Garrett guy?FRIDAY  : I've already done Boss. Mr Garrett works in a garage and has been arrested twice for his ill behaviour towards his co-workers. Mrs Garrett owns a parlor which is quite far from their home.Tony let the information set in his mind. Something was wrong. He could sense there was more to the story "Do you have anything else on Peter?" FRIDAY  : I'm afraid not Boss"He must be going to a school. Can you track his school name?"FRIDAY  : Peter Parker's name is not listed in any New York schools Tony frowned "What? Why?" FRIDAY : I don't know BossTony fought the urge to roll his eyes "Ofcourse you don't know" he rubbed his forehead. He just couldn't ignore the letter. It was like this kid was reaching out to him. Even if it was pure coincidence that out of New York people, the letter was stuck to his post, he just wanted to make sure this kid... Peter was okay. FRIDAY  : Boss I do have a picture of Peter Parker. Would you like to see? Tony nodded vigorously "Yes FRIDAY" The screen showing Peter's face popped infront of Tony and something flipped in Tony's heart. The boy had brown curls that covered half of his forehead, eyes shone with purity and held a smile that went right through his core. Even though he looked little pale, there was so much innocence leaking from his face.Tony stared at Peter's face for another minute before his heart made a decision "FRIDAY send me a location to Peter's house" FRIDAY  : Okay Boss"Tony" Tony swirled around to see Pepper standing at the door holding a big brown bag "What's going on? Who is this k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Orphan Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Awesome Pepper Potts
Adoption
Kid Peter Parker
Fluff and Angst
Implied/Referenced Torture
BAMF Tony Stark
Cute Peter Parker
Amusement Parks
Bullying
Cookies
Toothache
Dentists
Spiders
Thunder and Lightning
Kidnapping
Rescue
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

