Work Text:
"Welcome home, young Mr. Stark.""Hey Jarvis." Tony fidgets behind his sunglasses, and musters up a grin for his family's long-suffering butler. Good 'ole Jarvis. He can tell the older man isn't really convinced by it, though. "Is Cap home?""Mr. Rogers is waiting for you in the kitchen," Jarvis replies smoothly, before moving on to coordinate the unloading of Tony's bags from the car.Steve is, indeed, in the kitchen; specifically, at the stove, stirring something that smells wonderfully like hot cocoa. His face brightens up at the sight of Tony, and he abandons the saucepan to envelope Tony in a tight hug. Tony has to blink for a few seconds; he always forgets, when he's been away to school, what Steve is like - warmth and earnestness and hard muscle, and seeing him again is like crashing into the sun, like being punched in the solar plexus. And then Tony's clinging back, all notions of insisting that he's too old for this shit abruptly fading away.Steve is bound to realize it on his own, sooner or later, so Tony's going to take what he can, while it lasts.The cocoa is hot and delicious and works like an extension of Steve's full-body welcome in obliterating the tension in Tony's body. The two of them sit at the kitchen table, each with his own mug; exactly like countless sleepless nights and blurry mornings over the privileged yet rocky sixteen years of Tony's life. Steve has been a constant even before his parents' untimely death years ago; Tony hadn't known, until this moment, how deeply worried he'd been about Steve's reaction, about the possibility of somehow losing Steve - and over something so stupid."How are you holding up?" Steve asks, breaking the silence gently.Tony shrugs. "I'm not, you know, over the moon or whatever, but it was bound to happen sometime."Steve frowns, which brings out stupidly endearing lines on his forehead. "No, Tony, just because your name is famous doesn't mean you can't expect privacy like everyone else. It was a really rotten thing for that boy to do."Seeing Steve address it straight out, no hesitation at all, eases away the other kind of tension: the deep knots of fear that had collected in Tony's gut on the long journey home. Tony shrugs, dismissive, "hope he enjoyed his fifteen minutes of fame," and takes a sip of his cocoa, the incident itself is half-forgotten already.He regrets it when he's subjected to the Sad Steve Face. He knows how much Steve hates how cynical and jaded Tony is. And Tony can't even vote yet. Not for the first time, he wonders how someone as single-minded and careless of other people as his father could have become close friends with Captain America.Though Steve can be single-minded in his own way, Tony supposes.Case in point, "I have half a mind to get in touch with that boy's parents," Steve rumbles on. "And the school. What kind of security do they have, that a bunch of reporters with cameras could sneak into campus grounds?"Tony can't help it - he stares at Steve. "You're not actually real, are you? Dad just perfected his robotic AI prototype and replaced the real Steve Rogers with it at some point.""It could have been people with guns, and then- wait, what?" Steve blinks at him.He feels his face warming, but Tony doggedly continues, and fervently hopes that Steve hadn't noticed Tony basically calling him perfect. "I mean, you're not even angry at the gay scandal part, or about how this reflects on Stark Industries - you honestly hate that reporters follow me around and so-called friends try to sell me out."There's a predictable shifting of gears into Righteous Indignation Face. "Of course I don't care about all of that! Why would I-" Steve blinks, and leans forward with a genuine Concerned Puppy, "Tony, you know that I'm okay with you liking boys, right? I mean, it doesn't matter to me who you want to date. Well, okay, it matters that they're decent and good for you, but not, you know, what they look like."Tony nods; he hadn't realized just how heavy the weight on him has been until it's not there anymore, leaving behind a numb lightness. He'd known Steve would be okay, of course he had: Steve had been the very first person he'd come out to. "Technically, I'm bisexual," he says, his voice sounding strangely thick, and- why is Steve coming around the table? Those familiar, rather spectacular arms wrap around him again, and it's only against their solid steadiness that Tony notices his own body is shaking."It's okay, Tony," murmurs Steve, somehow folding his body down to surround Tony's lankier one, though Tony's sure it can't be comfortable, "I love you no matter what, all right? Don't ever doubt that."I know, Tony wants to say, in the same instant as, I'm just having an allergic reaction to sappiness, but the two collide in his throat and he ends up just breathing, breathing, breathing.~*~Stark Mansion settles into the usual routine for whenever Tony is home from MIT. There's a lot less TV-watching for the first few days - Tony thin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Underage Sex
Underage Drinking
Underage Character
Age Difference
Age Play
Community: kink_bingo
Homophobia
Attempted Rape
Homophobic Language

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

