Work Text:
 Oh god, oh god. Charles prayed as he stumbled forward, almost tripping into a gorse hedge on the side of the hill. Please, I need to be faster.A long, terrified scream echoed from the village, cutting through the thunderous roar of flames. A savage shout, a vicious laugh. He could feel the mental presence of the man at his heels. His pursuer was silent but for the clicks of metal buckles, light panting.The hill behind the village was steep, but Charles was a nimble climber. He scrabbled desperately up clinging to handfuls of long grass. He was halfway to the forest when a hot hand closed around his ankle and jerked him off balance, sending him in a tumbling rush downhill.By the time he’d shaken off his dizziness and scrambled to his feet again, the Viking was closing on him, sword drawn.  Charles shut his eyes and tried to draw on the thread inside himself; the tiny, glittering flicker of something that occasionally flowed through him. He took one step back and spread his hand and for a moment hope surged, the fierce man actually stopped his advance.“Don’t hurt me.” Charles panted, little caring how soft he sounded. This wasn’t the time for pride as the screams continued to echo against the hills. He didn’t harbor any great hopes of being understood.But under his thick leather helmet, the Viking smiled in a sudden flash of deathly white. The Viking said something in his own guttural tongue and then repeated Charles’ words in a thickly-accented jeer, “Don’t hurt me.”Charles fumbled at his belt and jerked his dagger free. His stepbrother had given it to him last Michaelmas. With a jeweled hilt and curved blade, the knife was obviously never meant to be wielded in anger. Charles unsheathed it anyway. If the Viking got close enough, he might have a chance in hell. Of course, a quiet part of Charles’ brain observed, he’d have to get very close and Charles hadn’t the faintest idea what would be a killing blow. The man bristled with weapons, had a shield hanging over his back, thick leather greaves and braces, staring at Charles with the eyes of a wolf.Suddenly, the knife in his hand was blazing hot and Charles dropped it with a cry. The Viking grinned at him, savage and vulpine and said very clearly. “Not hurt you.”He stepped forward quickly, reversing the short sword in his hand so the leather-bound hilt jutted out like a hammer. Charles didn’t even have time to flinch before his vision bloomed white and then blackness.****He woke up vomiting. The world was tilting steadily back and forth. He was somewhere cold, dark, damp and smelly. Deafening with rumbling water and creaking wood. Charles crawled toward the sickly light filtering in past a sheepskin curtain. His hands were bound tightly at the wrists, the leather straps were cutting into his skin. His head was pounding and he just wanted to curl up and die. He poked his head out past the sheepskin and the sudden light was so dazzling that he heaved up the rest of what was in his stomach.Someone snarled something harsh and unintelligible over his head. He didn’t understand, but he could feel their disgust wash over him in waves. Someone jerked him to his feet and gave him a casual shove sending him collapsing back into the darkness. After a moment, there was another voice and a shadow of a man, even darker in the faint light. Hard hands on his back turned him over and suddenly water was dripping on his face, fresh water. Charles gasped and took a long swallow.The voice muttered at him, making him drink slowly. Charles found that just taking a few swallows and fighting not to throw up again was enough to exhaust him. He fell asleep huddled on the seesawing floor with another sheepskin bunched under his cheek.*****The mountains dove straight down into the ocean. Charles tried not to gawk at the huge trees and rocky crags. He was trying very, very hard to make himself invisible.  The inlet finally widened out at its base; the stream that flowed through it was a golden ribbon in the late afternoon light. They had yanked him off the ship in a flurry with the rest of the plunder. Now they were half-shouting at each other in manic, cheerful banter while the bundles of furs, chiming silver plate and chests full of coins were hauled up to a sturdy circle of longhouses. Charles trudged alongside the procession, guided by their shoves and jostles.The pain in his head kept him from thinking too hard about the last time he’d eaten.  But there was no malice in these people; they were genuinely happy to see the return of their warriors, laden with other people’s misery. His mind sucked greedily at their celebratory spirit and it kept him upright for the final steps into their great hall. They were already feasting and the stolen treasures were being laid out like bridal gifts. The rugs were fingered, the weapons were being catalogued. Someone grabbed Charles by the shoulder and shoved him to his knees in front of the high table with a shout.Some people’s minds were
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Vikings
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

