Work Text:
Steve had been planning a normal weekend. Training, reading, maybe sketching a bit in Central Park. He was not about to let Nat wrap him up in some crazy, ethically ambiguous, probably dangerous activity. “But Clint’s gone for a whole week. And it’s Friday, and Friday we usually do something together.”Steve raised an eyebrow but didn’t look up from his book. “Something like what?”“People watching, skyscraper climbing, motorcycle racing…”Steve narrowed his eyes at her, looking up. “You don’t own a motorcycle.”“We borrow them.” She shrugged.Steve grunted in disapproval. “I’m not doing any of that with you.”“Okay,” she sighed. “What about dinner?”“Dinner?”“Dinner.”“Like normal dinner? At a restaurant? Where we do normal things and eat food like normal people?” Steve asked. “Yes, Steve. Normal dinner.”He considered. He was hungry, and it’d been a while since he ate out. Besides, it would probably be nice to relax with Nat. Spending time with team members was good for their cohesion as a unit. “Okay,” he agreed. “Normal dinner at a normal restaurant. Let’s do it.”“Great!” Nat smirked.
So here they were, at a normal Italian restaurant. Steve scoured the menu, trying to narrow down his choices.Steve looked up to ask Nat what she was going to get, but her eyes were set on something just over his shoulder. Something about her demeanor told him to ask before he looked. “Nat…?” He began.“Don’t turn around.”His shoulders tensed. “Something I should be worried about?” His mind started running through possible exits they might be able to sneak out of if necessary. How many civilians were in here? If they needed a fight, they’d have to make sure it gets outside. Nat’s eyes flashed between him and whatever subject was over his shoulder. “Steve,” she paused. “Tony’s here.”Relief flooded through Steve. Also, slight irritation at being led on like that. “What? Why wouldn’t you just say that?” He began to turn his head in Tony’s direction. “Stop.” She commanded, so he did. “He’s not alone.”Steve narrowed his eyes. “Geez, Nat, just tell me what you’re looking at. You’re making me nervous.”She looked at him, considering, then proceeded. “He’s with a woman and a kid. They look… like a family.”“What?” Steve asked, and then in true soldier mode, he sneaked a peek over his shoulder. Sure enough, there was Tony sitting with a pretty woman, around his age, and a teenage boy. He hadn’t had much time to look without being obvious, but they certainly looked familial. “Um.” Steve’s mind blanked. “Who are they?”“I don’t know.” Nat shrugged slightly. She appeared to be looking at her menu, but she spoke as if she was looking right at them. “The owner’s walking up to them.”“I thought you said you’d never been here,” Steve frowned. “How do you know who the owner is?”Nat shot him a confused look. “I researched.” She replied, as if it were something everyone did before eating out. “You know what, this is silly. Probably just some business thing or extended family. We can ask him about it later.” Steve shook his head and looked back down at the menu. “He just introduced them as his family.”“What?” Steve head whipped back up. “What do you mean?”“The owner came over to Tony and said, ‘Have you been hiding your beautiful family from me for years?’ And Tony said ‘I guess I have.’”Steve tried to listen, but the restaurant was loud and he couldn’t hear anything even close to that. “How can you possibly hear them in here?”“What? Of course I can’t hear them. I’m reading lips.”Of course. Like that was normal. “Nat,” he warned. “Oh, come on, don’t you wanna know?”He felt like he should stop her, but he did want to know. If these people were part of Tony’s ‘family,’ how come they’d never met?“What else is he saying?” he asked. Natasha smirked a bit and continued. “The ‘lovely lady’s’ name is May. The kid is Peter. They’re celebrating.” She paused, watching their lips. “Peter won something. Maybe a school competition? Or a game? He could be an athlete. I didn’t see the whole thing, the waiter got in my way.”Steve watched as she tried to hold onto her view. “Oh.” Nat looked intrigued. “What?” Steve asked, maybe a little too interested. “She speaks Italian. She’s talking to the owner.”“Oh. Can you tell what she’s saying?”Nat shot him a questioning look, as if to say ‘obviously.’ “She’s making a joke about Tony. She says it’s good to have a rich man around your finger.”Steve could hear the owner’s loud laugh, even from their table. “Tony said he understood her. But his Italian’s not very good. The kid looks confused, I don’t think he’s following.”Steve felt his face turn hot. “Okay, this is weird. We’ve seen enough. We shouldn’t snoop... We can just ask Tony about it later.”Nat frowned, but seemed to look back at her menu. “What makes you so sure he’ll tell us the truth about something he’s probably been keeping from us for years? Sixteen or so, by the looks of that kid.”Now Steve frowned too. “Well, maybe he… just hadn’t found a way to tell us yet. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Peter Park Meets Steve Rogers
Peter Park Meets Natasha Romanoff
Stark Tower
Avengers Tower
Domestic Avengers
Alternate Universe - Renegotiated Sokovia Accords
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

