Work Text:



“Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.” - Winston Churchill
It had been six days. That's what the clock kept telling him. The calendar wouldn't lie. Six days since they'd wrenched him out of a gritty torture chamber in Austria.Not they. Him. The man - the god - who'd taken Steve's voice and Steve's hands and stuck them on the body of Michelangelo's David. The man who kept looking at him, watching him, staring at him, as if he might sprout gills or start tap dancing any minute. Bucky didn't stare back. They'd bunked together the first night, in camp. Bucky had wanted to stay with his men, but Steve insisted, and nobody was gonna deny him anything on that particular day.Steve made space in the partitioned off corner of the long tent he shared with the chorus girls. "I know," he'd said, seeing Bucky’s scandalized expression. "'Ain't no shame in show business, Rogers'," he parroted, trying to make Bucky laugh. Bucky wanted to laugh, but his mouth could only remember how to scream right then. Steve had leaned in, perched on the edge of his cot in his skivvies, and dropped his voice to a husky whisper. "Sometimes," he said, so quiet Bucky had to lean forward to hear him, "I hear a couple of em." He didn't blush the way he used to, just a little color on his cheekbones. His eyes were wide, his knees spread as he welcomed Bucky into his secret. "Pleasing themselves. Or - or each other.""Well, ain't that something," Bucky said, because it seemed like the right thing to say. He was trying to remember how sex felt, when was the last time he'd done it, whether he'd ever laid awake listening to a girl pleasure herself."I do try not to listen," Steve said, looking uncomfortable. "Just my hearing's a lot better now, and some of em ain't all that quiet.""That's okay, Rogers. Your secret's safe with me." Six days on, Bucky had remembered how to smile and laugh without trying so hard to get there. He'd tumbled one of the chorus girls on the basis of being the Captain’s best pal, and made sure Steve walked in to see. Then they were haring across Europe, Carter and Phillips eager to get their new golden boy into the war room. Bucky kept close to Dugan on the boat from France, because Dugan got seasick, and keeping him company was as good an excuse as any to hide from Captain America. "Got a story for me, Bucky?" Dugan asked, groaning. "Take my mind off this godforsaken swell.""Sure," Bucky said, leaning back against the rail. He racked his brain to think of anything he might not have spilled his guts on before. When he first got drafted, he'd handed them out like candy. Everyone did. Talking about home was a way to keep themselves sane, but the longer they were out there, the less they did it. It got harder to get close to people, knowing they might get disintegrated right in front of you, without a second’s notice.Then there was the fact that all the stories Bucky had ever told to his buddies had been about Steve, somehow. Whether it was Steve shooting his mouth off and getting them into a fight, or Steve tripping on the dancefloor and almost ripping a girl’s dress clean off, or burning dinner because he’d gone and trapped himself on the fire escape. Most of the guys talked about their girls; ones they’d fooled around with, ones they were gonna marry, or ones they’d put a ring on before leaving and had the sweetest three nights of screwing before their boat left. Bucky didn’t have a girl, not a steady one anyway, and he took a lot of ribbing about Steve being his little woman, but he just shrugged and smiled through it, and if anyone thought it was more than it was, they never gave him trouble. "It's him, ain't it?" Dugan asked, before Bucky could think of something to tell him. Something that didn't involve Steve. Dugan pushed himself upright with a grimace. "That big damn hero, Rogers. He's the kid you're always talking about."Bucky nodded, his mouth tight. Dugan sighed and turned around with him to face across the deck, away from the waves. "Way you talk about him, I knew to expect one hell of a guy, but he's something else.""He's not - he didn't used to be like that. Look like that.""Army beat him into shape, huh?"Bucky snorted. "And then some.""So what I wanna know, since you clearly think the sun shines out of his star spangled ass, why it is you've barely looked at him since we left that shithole in Europe?""We're still in Europe," Bucky said with a practised smirk."Yeah, welI, England's a more civilised kinda Europe."Bucky laughed, a little dark and bitter. His own memories of England, brief as they were before the 107th had been shunted over to France and then Italy, were not especially glamorous. He remembered the shy smile of Private Halloran, an Irish kid from Red Hook who'd already lost a brother to the war, and the way he shook when Bucky corrected his rifle grip. He remembered the girls, so much more forward than at home. Netting an American G.I., even just for a tumbl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Pining
Body Dysphoria
Period Typical Attitudes
Minor Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Awesome Peggy
Bottom Bucky
Top Steve Rogers
1940s
World War II
Captain America: The First Avenger
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)

