Work Text:
~~~It was nearly pitch black in their cell, but Loki was sure he could see the a glint of amusement in the guards' eyes when they came to take Loki away.  Thor put up as much a fight as he could, but he could barely stand for his broken, bloodied leg.  They tore Loki from his brother's grip and dragged him out of the cell, past a long hall, and down a deep flight of steps.They brought him to a small room.  There was more light, and three more guards.  They too looked amused, and there was no mistaking the chuckle Loki heard from one of them.Loki soon found out what the joke was.  They never intended to question him at all.  Instead, they pushed him face down over the room's lone table, pulled his clothes away, and started raping him.The pain was so great, Loki couldn't even scream.  His entire body tensed, and only a few strangled noises escaped his open mouth.  He felt coldness as he never had before, deep inside him, freezing him solid from the inside out.  Loki was sure he would die, and almost welcomed it except for the horrible, fleeting thought of his brother being trapped alone.But Loki didn't die.  As the cold enveloped him to his fingertips, it took his pain away.  Fear overtook his senses like a flash freeze, but once it subsided he realized he was still breathing, still living.  He could feel the icy table beneath his cheek and his fingers, could feel his legs hanging over the end of it, unable to reach the ground.  He could feel the guard's hand on his back, holding him down as securely as Mjolnir, and he could feel his huge cock moving in and out of him.One of the other guards took him by the hair and lifted his head up.  Loki opened his eyes.  Everything looked so different.  Black was no longer dark, and blue held a thousand different shades."What magic is this?"  Said the guard, looking at his face.  Loki saw own his hands, clawing for purchase on the table.  They were blue - his skin was blue, as though he were Jotun.  He hadn't made them so.  His own magic was bound by the iron circlets on his wrists, carved with powerful runes."Clever magic," said the one behind him without missing a thrust.  "It means he will live, but it also means we will all get our turn."The other guard smiled.  "You're right.  A fair bargain.  Well done, little one."The one behind Loki soon finished with a groan, and moved out of the way for his friend.  The seed spilled inside Loki made him slick, and the second guard's cock slid inside him smoothly.  As the night wore on and they each took a turn fucking Loki, and their copious seed was soon dripping out of him onto the floor below.The fifth and last one apparently had no desire to rut in the same hole his comrades had so recently used.  He took Loki from the table and put him on his knees in front of him, pulling out his erect cock."Pleasure me with your mouth," the guard ordered sternly.  "If you bite I'll make you watch while I put it in your brother."The guard's cock was so huge he could only fit the head of it in his mouth, but Loki obeyed as best he could, sucking and licking and teasing drops of seed from the slit with his clever tongue.  This guard's cock looked no bigger than the others, and Loki wondered how he had survived being mounted by them all without being torn apart.  He had to use both of his hands to work the shaft.  The guard carded his fingers through Loki's hair, but thankfully restrained himself to shallow thrusts that didn't make it past Loki's throat.  He came even sooner than the others, spurting salty-sweet seed into Loki's mouth and holding himself there until Loki had swallowed all of it.When the guard let him go, Loki collapsed to the ground, coughing.  He back of his throat felt bruised, but he didn't retch and the seed stayed down.  He fervently hoped it was over - that none of them wanted a second turn.The last guard chuckled and tucked himself away.  "Well done indeed."They all seemed rather sated, and none moved to rape him again.  Loki gathered himself up.  His trousers were still intact, and the drops of seed on them had frozen and could be brushed away easily.   His flesh, however, was still slick where they had spilled, and he desperately wished not to have to return to his cell covered in the evidence of what had happened here."Could I have a cloth?" He enquired.  One guard looked to another, who shrugged mildly.Loki was given a cloth and allowed to clean himself before being led back to his cell.Thor was sleeping, and feverish.  Loki could feel the heat radiating from him as soon as he stepped into the cell.  As Loki approached and knelt before his brother, the cold seeped out of his flesh, leaving only what felt like a protective sheath of ice around his heart.He couldn't tell what he felt about what had just happened.  He was alive, and dimly glad of it.  He didn't know why he yet lived, what strange magic had transformed him so, and he didn't know how to feel about that either.Thor stirred from his fever sleep
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Other(s)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Community: norsekink
Non Consensual
Dubious Consent
Sexual Slavery
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Other(s)
Loki/Thor

