Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Like most stories that turn out this way, it all begins with a lie.A harmless lie, in Bucky’s defense. Not one that could’ve ever hurt anybody – a white lie, let’s call it that. And it hadn’t been premeditated or anything; it just sort of… comes out. Because his parents’ twenty-fifth wedding anniversary is coming up, and that means a week with the family – his family that he hasn’t seen in a while and then also the entire family that he hasn’t seen in years that would be at the actual celebration. You know, the ones who pinch your cheeks - even though Bucky’s twenty-four now and doesn’t even have the baby fat to scrounge up anymore to justify that sort of thing anyways. The relatives who, if they remember, send you Christmas cards or a Facebook message on your birthday but other than that, you don’t really ever talk to them.Bucky’s close with his family; has been ever since they’d adopted him and Rebecca when they were kids. He loves them and sure, there’s a part of him that’s looking forward to seeing them again, don’t get him wrong. After all, it’s August now and the last time he made a trip to Shelbyville was back in May for Mother’s Day (and Annie Proctor was never above the good old mother’s guilt trip to have her entire family under one roof every year for that special day).It was just… he’d known what was coming, because it was always the same thing.
“Why don’t you have a girlfriend yet?”

“When are you going to find a nice boy to settle down with?”

“Are we ever going to have grandchildren?”

“Well yes, we know we have three other kids; we can count. Still. Grandchildren?”

“Well, you could always adopt.”

“You’re such a catch, James – I just don’t understand why you won’t let yourself get involved in anything serious.”

“Maybe if you cut your hair and people could see your handsome face…”

“Are you going to bring someone special this time?”

“Why not?”
It mostly came from his mother – who Bucky knows means well – but his sister is responsible for a fair portion of the blame, too. She’s a little shit, no matter how much Bucky loves her, and she likes to instigate because she knows how much Bucky just loves those conversations. Even his father brings it up now and again; those throwaway inquiries as to why Bucky never seems to be tied down. Sometimes they suspect that he is and he’s just hiding the person from the family.That’s not the case, and that’s exactly what Bucky always tells them. Always. Every single time they talk, in fact. (Because that is literally how often they ask, even if it’s the quick and subtle, “So, anyone new if your life lately?” during phone calls.)If he was seeing someone, he wouldn’t hide it. Sure, his family is a little… what’s a delicate way of putting it…? Unique; out there – very open and welcoming but they’re all loud and they can talk your ear off if you let them. Bucky accepts it because, hell, he’s just as bad – but he knows not everyone can handle them in large doses. The last time he tried bringing a friend with him for a visit, yeah, they fell in love with his family, but they also needed to find gaps to run off and hide for a breather.Bucky’s family has a bit of a way with making you feel a little too loved, bless them; their hearts are all in the right places, at least.He’s just never in a relationship, and he doesn’t see the big deal with that. Honestly, he’s not even halfway thirty yet – why does he need to settle down, get married, and have kids? He’s always been more of the independent type, which is why he’d moved out heading into his first year of college. He hadn’t picked New York because he deliberately wanted to get away, not at all. He’d just always dreamed of living there Unfortunately it made visiting home a little harder, yeah, but it also gave him the opportunity to begin the brand new chapter of his life on his own terms.He doesn’t have time for relationships – not with how busy things are for him. He has his own place and he pays his own bills and if he’s not working, he’s spending time with friends. Bucky thinks he has a pretty good handle on his life and has his affairs all in order. He reminds himself that they don’t mean to come across overbearing every. Time. They ask. But can’t they just be proud of him for what he has accomplished and stop putting so much importance on the fact that he’s doing it all solo?So when his mom calls, Bucky’s distracted in the kitchen, trying to make himself dinner with his cell phone pressed between his shoulder and his cheek after a long day at the office (the lawyer he’s the assistant for is a complete, demanding dick). He’s already only half-listening. Annie’s going over the details of the trip again: they’ll be meeting that upcoming weekend up in Nashville where the family cottage is… Bucky’ll use his vacation time to stay the week… Their anniversary is on the 18th, which is a Thursday, and the dinner and recep
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Fake/Pretend Relationship
pretend boyfriends au
Pining
Mutual Pining
Big!Steve
Post-Winter Soldier-looking Bucky
Family Getaway
Romantic Stay the the Cottage
Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
(eventually) - Freeform
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Feels
Bucky's a little high-strung in this universe
Whereas Steve's a laidback goofball with a heart of gold
Eventual Smut
Anal
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Making Love
Bottom Steve
Bottom Bucky
Switching
Bucky's got a secret about his left arm
Masturbation
Masturbation in Shower
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Magical Healing Cock
Comfort Sex
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Gay Steve Rogers
Cheesy Romantic Gestures
So much fucking fluff
gay slurs
Homophobic Language
Only Briefly - Freeform
And the Guy's a Dick and Gets What's Coming to Him so YAY
Multiple Orgasms
Forced Orgasm
Prostate Fucking
Crygasms
Overstimulation
Happy Ending
New Beginnings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

