Work Text:
Bucky isn’t exactly proud that he’s a grown ass man sitting on the sidewalk of a haunted house because he’s too chickenshit to go inside. Natasha and Clint are already in there – been in there for what felt like forever – as he sat down and waited for them to appear.
He’d gone in, obviously – but he’d not expected the small, dark spaces to freak him out so much. Enclosed and pitch black, he’d been unable to shake the panic. He’d spent too long in the dark, too long not knowing if he’d see light again, and he wasn’t about to spend his free time revisiting the fear that gripped him. Fuck that.
Of course, Natasha and Clint knew he’d been held by insurgents. Although most of the operation was classified, he’d been allowed to tell them that much. He just hadn’t been able to tell them much else. So he took the ribbing of how much of a coward he was and laughed along with them, not taking it too much to heart.
His costume was awesome though. He’d decided to go as The Terminator – because he had the awesome arm already, metal and cool as fuck, thanks to Stark Tech. He already owned the leathers and he’d shown up on his bike, all he needed to buy was the sunglasses and a little awesome make-up (Clint knew his way around a make-up sponge like a pro – Bucky wasn’t exactly sure where he’d picked up that particular skill) and he was good to go.
Natasha was wearing a Silver jumpsuit with a Star Trek badge pinned on it. She had told him she was… six of something. Nine? Something like that, but he couldn’t remember.
Clint was Robin Hood. He’d wanted Natasha to be his Maid Marion but she’d threatened to knee him in the balls if he ever suggested matching costumes again.
The haunted house was supposed to be awesome. They had ‘live zombies’ and ‘real terror’ and Bucky paid the $25 dollar admission only to find himself sitting outside less than five minutes in. His mother would be turning in her grave if she’d known he’d thrown that kind of cash away. She’d been able to feed a family of 5 on that for a week.
He’d eaten a lot of pasta and rice as a kid – anything that would fill you up fast and long. Not a lot of meat, not a lot of veg, but she’d done her best. She died with undiagnosed cancer – too poor for the trip to the doctor – the week after he’d sent his first pay check home. His sisters went to live with his aunt Ira, a kind hearted but woeful substitute for a mother. He sent money to his sisters every month until Becca wrote to him and told him to stop. She married a nice guy, a mechanic – lived three blocks away from him now, and was a nurse at a private hospital. His other sisters moved away, Texas, Iowa. He barely spoke to them at all – knew that they blamed him for not being there when they needed him. Becca only forgave him because she thought the sun shone outta his ass when she was little. Probably still did, cause she was always a sucker for a lost cause.
He shook his head, wondering why he’d gotten stuck in such a fucking miserable mind-set when all around him people were dressed up and having a great time. Well, aside from the couple behind him, arguing.
“Seriously, go on.”
“It’s not gonna happen Steve, man.”
“Sam, seriously – it’s a haunted house, the haunted house you’ve been harping on about forever. Go on. I’m perfect able to wait out here for you.”
“I’m not ditching.”
“Sam, I’m gonna sock you right in the jaw if you don’t go in this thing.”
Bucky couldn’t help but smile a little, especially since he’d had almost the same argument with ‘Tash and Clint. Eventually though, the one called ‘Sam’ admitted defeat and went inside. His friend shouted a “Try not to piss yourself!” before laughing and then sitting his ass down beside Bucky. “Nice costume, man.” He said, and Bucky turned his head to see…
“A power ranger?”
The Power Ranger laughed. His outfit was blue and white and he was about the same height as some of the kids Bucky had seen around. In fact, if Bucky hadn’t heard his voice (deep, masculine) he’d have thought this guy was out after curfew. Even the outfit, plastic and padding, wasn’t helping this scrawny dude look anything other than seriously underfed.
“Don’t knock the Power Rangers, you jerk!” He laughed, and when he talked, he waved his arms in the over-exaggerated way that Bucky remembered from Saturday morning TV. “They were awesome.”
“If you say so,” Bucky laughed. “I’ll stick with my costume.”
“Yeah?” The Ranger said, clutching at his skinny knee and using his other hand to scratch at his head comically. “Robocop?” He paused, and then snapped his fingers – again, larger than life and enough to make Bucky grin from ear to ear. “A Biker Mouse from Mars?”
“Punk.” Bucky snorted. “Biker Mice from Mars? Seriously? How old are you, like 90? That shit was old when I was a kid.”
“Well…” The suited ranger said, looking at his non-existent wrist watch and then back to scratching at his helmet. “I guess I’m older than you.” The laugh inside the helmet echoed a little, and then turned into a co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Halloween Costumes
comic books
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Meet-Cute
First Meetings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

