Work Text:
When the Fisher turned, sand pluming up under his heel, he was close enough below Charles that he felt the air sigh as the net flared out. The swordsman, tall and lean and wolf-eyed, lifted his head to meet the net as he lunged at the Fisher, all pride and fury, and then it was tangling around him, bringing him down to roll across the sand, knotted in its mesh.If Charles could have stood, he would have been on his feet, roaring with the crowd. Instead, he gripped the barrier rail and looked straight down into the man's eyes as the Fisher approached and raised his trident to the crowd, asking for their verdict.Charles didn't move his hand, so caught in the cold determination of the swordsman's mind that he was barely aware of the thunder of his own heart. Death before defeat, death before dishonour, that bright, swift mind was blazing, and all around him Charles could hear the crowd  howling for death.That made him move and he flung his own hand out, thumb turned up, and shouted against them.The swordsman's eyes narrowed in sudden fury and the metal trident began to quiver in the Fisher's hand, as if it would fly into the swordsman's heart of its own accord.It's you, Charles thought, breath catching. You're doing that! Then he was leaning forward, throwing his thoughts straight into the swordsman's mind, Live, you must live. Oh, I've never met anyone else like you, so live, please. You're not alone, and at the same time he was forcing it into the minds around him, Let him live. Let him live!Around him, thumbs were turning up and the crowd's roar was shifting in tone, but Charles couldn't hear them, though he still threw his demands into their minds. All that mattered was the man lying below him and the shaking trident that would kill him regardless of the crowd. The bright certainty of the man's thoughts was fraying now, confusion and wonder and a dark, thin edge of fear, and Charles knew when he had won, even before the man closed his eyes and turned his head and the trident went heavy in the Fisher's hand.Charles looked away then – he did not want to see this man's shame. Two seats away, on the far side of his uncle, her guardian, Raven was staring at him, her eyes wide and accusing.He's like us, Charles said to her, sinking back into his seat as the crowd settled. I had to do it.“You always have an excuse,” she said, just loud enough for him to hear, but her eyes were bright with more than anger.#They had to wait for the crowds to clear before the bearers could come to carry him out to the litter, and Charles had plenty of time to think as he waited. He had never been a frequent visitor to the arena, and had little idea of how the places worked.“What will happen to him now?” he asked.“The gladiator?” his uncle asked, surprised. “He'll be sold on. Nobody will want to see him fight now.”“Their loss,” Charles murmured, thinking of the lithe, graceful power with which the man had fought. “How much would he go for, I wonder?”“Charles,” Raven protested. “If you need a slave, we can find someone more-”“I'd like him,” Charles said mildly, and then the bearers were there and, as always, Raven went quiet when she saw him wince as they lifted him, jostling the aches in his back which never went away.#It was the the next evening before his new slave arrived, and Charles spent the day restlessly, failing to concentrate on Caesar’s Gallic Wars. He could feel the new presence in the house, and the wariness of the other slaves, and was almost shaking with eagerness behind his desk by the time Sean showed the man in.With the lamplight enhancing the hollows beneath his cheekbones and putting shadows in his eyes, he did not look like a slave. He met Charles' gaze full on and for a long moment they stared at each other in silence.“It is you, then,” the slave said at last, his Latin almost as perfect as Charles' own, with only a faint rough accent.Charles couldn't help but smile, a sudden flustered warmth in his chest. “Yes, of course. I mean, yes,  you're right.” Eheu, what a fool he sounded.“I didn't want your mercy.”“I know. You deserved it, though – not pity, I mean, but you deserved more than that death.”“Do you always babble like this?”Charles was beginning to feel like he was the one being interviewed by a new master, so he pulled himself together and said, “From time to time. You understand why I have brought you here?”“You have need of a body-slave,” the man said with a curl of his lip. “To bring you meals and polish your sandals. A boy's work.”“A boy would not be strong enough,” Charles said, picking up his cup of wine and taking a generous drink to fortify himself. He had struck the man's curiosity now – he could feel it. “Six months ago, I was a Cohort Commander at Isca Dumnoniorum.”“You don't look like a Roman soldier.”“I am not a soldier now,” Charles said and looked down at his reflection in the wine. “I went down below a war chariot before I had been there three months.”“You are lucky to be alive.”“A
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Crossover
Alternate Universe - Historical
Hurt/Comfort
Slavery
Community: thestabbedboy

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

