Work Text:



I've seen the future, brother: it is murder. --Leonard Cohen
Betrayal
Tony's workshop is a ruined mess of sparking equipment and broken armor, and Tony -- Tony the coward, Tony the monster -- is safe behind the last of his suits, black and gold, his eyeslits glowing a sinister, inhuman red. Behind the faceplate he's bleeding, Steve knows, but it's not enough. It's nowhere near enough. He wants Tony to hurt like he's hurting; he wants Tony to know what it's like to have his memories ripped out of his mind, to know how it feels to find out that his best friend has been lying to him for a year, that everything they've built together has been made worthless. It was worthless all along. Tony's probably been laughing at him for believing it. Maybe he's laughing now. It was all a trick. It was all a lie. It was all a betrayal.
He remembers.
The other Avengers are grappling with the last of the suits when suddenly everything is a blinding orange-white.
The Time Gem is floating in the middle of the room.
"What is that?" Steve asks, and he's pushing himself up. He's drawn inexorably toward it, even as something at the back of his mind is screaming that he knows what it is, that he shouldn't touch it.
It's his Gem. He's borne it for a couple years, after all. It came back for him, he thinks, half-hypnotized. It's his. It wants to be his. It needs him.
He's walking forward, even as he knows he shouldn't. He can't stop himself.
"Get away!" Tony yells, his modulated voice hoarse with fear. Steve wants to laugh. Like Tony cares about what happens to him.
He's holding out his hand -- why is he doing this? why can't he stop? -- and closing his fist around the Gem. He wonders if where he's going is better than here. It can't possibly be any worse.
Everything goes white, white, white--Betrayal -10 Years
It's morning. Steve's standing on a sidewalk. He's in New York, he thinks, as a grumbling, balding man in a business suit shoves past him, heading for what looks like Fifth Avenue, the next cross street; he's right in the middle of the flow of people. He looks down at himself. He's in uniform, but this one looks a little old-fashioned. Not quite the one he's used to wearing these days. His right hand -- the hand that reached out for the Gem -- is extended in midair, frozen into a fist.
Slowly, Steve opens his hand. It's empty. The Time Gem is gone.
Okay, he thinks, okay. He can handle this. It's just a little bit of time-travel. Maybe the Gem will come back. It came back before. He's an Avenger. He can do this. He takes a few deep breaths, stepping back into the shade of the nearest building, out of the path of the foot traffic. He tries to think. He was furious with Tony, but Tony isn't here anymore. Different problem. New problem. He inhales sharply through his nose, shuts his eyes for a second, and tries to breathe more slowly, to let the rage go, to breathe it out. That's not how it works for him, calming down, but it's the only thing he can do right now. He wants to run, to fight, to punch something until he can't think, until he can't remember, until only his body is left. He doesn't have that luxury.
First things first: when is he? He's in his past self's body somehow, he thinks; he's in his past self's clothes, anyway. The cars on the street are modern, but not quite as sleek as the current models. He's never had much of an eye for fashion, but even he can tell the basics; the other pedestrians' clothes are likewise modern, although they're not wearing, he thinks, currently fashionable styles. He's not in the forties again. He supposes that's a good sign; he wasn't fond of that trick when Kang the Conqueror tried it. Or when the Red Skull tried it. And, besides, that's not his home anymore.
(Does he have a home now? He'd thought he'd had one at the tower these days. The home Tony had given him. The team they'd built together. Another lie.)
He walks past a row of newspaper vending machines, stops, and squints at the date.
It's almost ten years ago.
Well, he thinks numbly, that's not so bad. He's had worse. He's done this before. He can do this.
So he knows when he is. That leads to the second question: why is he here now? He didn't pick this time period; the Gem did. There must have been some reason, some point. If he figures out why he's here, maybe it will send him home. Maybe there's something he has to do. He leans against the building and tries to think. Ten years. He would have been an Avenger for about two years at this point. What are the Avengers up to now? They've faced a lot of things. Ultron, maybe? They've probably fought him a couple times by now. It can't be time for him again. Tony's had his heart surgery not too long ago, Steve thinks, and then it all turns into pain and frustrated anger; he's remembering everything by what had happened to the man who'd just wiped Steve's mind. No, something else is bound to be happening. Something more important than Tony goddamn Stark.
He looks at the dat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Kree/Skrull War (Marvel)
The Illuminati (Marvel)
Infinity Gems
Armor Wars (Marvel)
Operation: Galactic Storm (Marvel)
Civil War (Marvel)
Original Sin (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Angst
Drama
Canonical Character Death
Happy Ending
Fix-It
Avengers Vol. 1 (1963)
Avengers Vol. 3 (1998)
New Avengers Vol. 1 (2004)
Avengers Vol. 5 (2013)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

