Work Text:
I'd been watching him for days, trapped in that glass cage. He was solemn, beautiful, mysterious. He'd pace like a caged leopard and I would linger near the far exit of the enclave, eyeing him as he prowled about with his hands clasped behind his back. So beautiful.
He was bad, of course. I'd heard about the base explosion and the attack in Stuttgart, but that didn't stop me noticing how slim his waist was and how long and shapely his legs were. I loved how his shoulders tapered down to those narrow hips and the elegance of his bearing.
And that face. Framed by dark spiked hair, there was a stunning symmetry to it with creamy white skin, high cheekbones and an appealing cast to the eyes. I'd make any excuse to come down the the holding area so I could surreptitiously watch him as I went about my fabricated duties.If you want to know about me, I was a maintenance person recruited from the general military to perform odd jobs that a high salaried Shield employee was over-qualified to do. You know, things like cleaning and occasionally assisting the mechanics. Nothing special.
Sometimes while I was idling near Loki's container, pretending to scrub this or collect that, I would be staring at him being all aloof in his prison and my mind would wander. I'd eye him and think about what he looked like under all that leather or what it would be like to be alone with him and suddenly he'd turn his head and look me dead in the eyes with a little smirk on his pretty face. I felt a creeping sense of superstition; it was like he could hear me. I didn't think too much of it because telepathy was not listed by Shield as one of his attributes. But still, it struck me as surpassing odd and I would try to keep my lascivious thoughts quiet.The day the helicarrier was attacked by Loki's men, I was collecting some paperwork from one of the minor control areas. Everyone who was an officer had fled and rallied themselves for battle, heading towards the central deck where there was fighting going on. I stayed in the control main, uncertain of what to do. My quarters were on the aft side and that was where one of the propellers had been taken out. I was still deliberating on the upper walkway when he walked in.
I froze, staring at Loki as he entered the control room. The dangerous prisoner on this craft had escaped and was now cautiously making his way towards a side corridor which I knew led to an outer cargo area where an escort was probably waiting to take him away. I understood instantly that this whole attack had been a distraction for him to escape unnoticed. There were emergency alarms buttons located generously throughout the ship and there was one immediately to my left on a large grey electrical box.
I cautiously moved behind the box and held my hand over the red button but paused as I watched him striding in front of me, crossing the room like a panther, still managing unhurried grace while being hunted. His face was tense but still captivating, the fine cheekbones picked out by the lighting above and his blue-green eyes glaring ahead, not noticing me.
I gazed after him, watching his shoulders roll and there it was, an undeniable longing tugging at my chest. It was wrong, but I couldn't bring myself to sound the alarm- I wanted to see him free as you would any other fierce, beautiful predator. I clenched my hand into a fist and brought it to my chest as I watched him stalk into the darkened corridor. There was a ghost of a smile on my lips as he vanished into the gloom and I let my hand drop.At once, my wrist was snatched away. I started & looked up directly into Loki's face as he held my arm in a vice-like grip. He cocked his head and smiled.
"Thank you" he said in a husky purr.
I leapt backwards, panicked, trying on instinct to yank myself out his hold but he drew me inexorably toward him and curled an arm around me, pinning me to his side. He ignored my squirms and calmly gave orders in a low voice to a blue-eyed officer behind him. I struggled against him while he spoke but it was like pushing against a concrete pylon. The enormity of my mistake crashed upon me. What had I done? He killed people. I would have let him free without alerting anyone. I was stupid, and for that I was going to die.
Shock overcame me, I stopped writhing and held still. Pressed against the leather of his side I could feel my heart beating painfully against my ribcage and my breathing came out fast and shallow. They were talking, though I heard nothing but blood rushing in my ears. Loki passed me to one of his officers, literally lifting me with his incredible strength, which I had no comprehension of until now, delivering me into the hold of one of his entranced men. Through my stupor, I heard only one thing:
"Bring her" Loki commanded and then whirled away, with me being half-carried, half-dragged by a young, blank-faced soldier in a dark uniform as part of the troop followed him while another section broke off and headed further i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Explicit Sexual Content
Avengers - Freeform
Loki-centric
Loki Does What He Wants
Smut
good smut
Fucking sexy Loki
God of Mischief
BAMF Loki
Oral Sex
Sex
Sexual Fantasy
Sexual Content
Adult Content
Dominance
Sexy Loki
Loki's body
graphic smut
Shameless Smut
Loki smut
Loki Porn
Rape Fantasy
Rape
Loki rape
Loki Orgasm
Loki rape fantasy
loki dominant
Dominant Loki
Loki sex
Filth
Filthy
Loki filth
filthy loki
Erotica
Erotic
erotic loki
Loki erotica - Freeform
Loki fiction
dominated by Loki
Loki gives me what I want
Loki fan fiction

fandom: 
Loki/Reader

