Chapter 1: Impossibility
    




Chapter Text
~ Chapter 1 ~
Impossibility
Thor dreaded this moment. No one would ever dare to call him a coward and indeed, he wasn't. All his life he run to face any dangers, any foe head on without fear. Only that… To face no physical enemy but what pains your heart is no easy thing.
Three days have passed since he came back from battle on Midgard, from defeating Malekith and getting rid of the danger to the Nine Realms. Three days as he left Jane, again. But no matter how much he wanted to stay with her, forget what happened, be at peace not remembering the losses he faced - he couldn't. Many things needed a closure, needed being taken care of. Thor must return to Asgard, speak with his father, see to his home's healing after Dark Elves' attack... be a prince his people expected him to be.
And… the one he had left in Svartalfheim needed to be brought home.
Thor tried not to think of his actions regarding Loki, because it was still raw, still painful. It was still an open wound. Pretending to be fine helped no one. Especially not Thor.
Guilt. It was eating at his soul the whole time since he left Asgard. Guilt from which it was impossible to escape. He loved Jane and it was not her fault, but he was guilty of bringing her in his home. Guilty of holding her in higher regard than his own people – when palace was being destroyed, when people were killed, great beauty of the realm turned to dust. Because of his actions his mother was murdered – the woman he knew his whole life, who was a permanent figure, who you could rely on, always… Gone. Thor's actions – be they direct or not - resulted in her death. Loki was right. His brother spoke cruelly and aiming to hurt but he was right – Frigga relied on him, trusted him. And where was he? Where was he when most needed? He failed. Failed everyone.
Then Loki. Thor couldn't run from so many regrets regarding his brother no matter how desperately he tried, no matter how unsuccessfully he justified his actions. It was of no use. In that time in prison cell Thor felt nothing seeing his brother for the first time in years after he was put there, nor did he care for Loki's appearance. They have just lost their mother! Thor did not let himself overthink much about the fact that Loki should have been there standing beside him at her funeral. He just didn't think. Coming to the dungeon Thor spoke bluntly and heartlessly, wishing Loki to feel even worse than he already did by the looks of the state of his destroyed cell. Thor regretted also that Loki was alone in his grief for mother, that there was no one for him but his own thoughts. Thor hadn't even humored the thought of visiting Loki ever and in that time, he felt good about it. Not good, but… it felt right. But oh how he wished it wasn't so! How he wished he visited him, liked he it or not! Those moments they were together turned out to be so short. And walking beside Loki Thor ignored him. If he had known he would never see Loki again, that he would lose him forever in so short a time – a day! – he would have watched his every move, tried to remember his every expression. Hell, he would have thought about something – anything – as not to involve him at all! And thus, not feeling bitterly guilty for leading Loki to his demise.
Thor made so many mistakes. Most dishonorable was not even going against his father's orders. No. It was abandoning Loki's body in the Dark World. It felt so disrespectful to leave his brother there after everything he has done, after his sacrifice. Loki did everything Thor asked of him, he played his role well. And the moment Loki was sucked into the vortex, Thor felt his heart freeze. He was so relieved he got there in time. Because never – never again – Thor would see Loki fall and do nothing about it as he did on Bifrost. Loki fought their enemies, he even saved Jane! Thor couldn't ask him for more.
Standing side by side, like so many times before, Thor felt his heart breaking. He struggled to stand his ground, but Loki… Loki made the cruel beautiful hope light up in his chest. Hope for reuniting, hope for giving each other one last chance. They had no need for more. And Thor saw it in Loki's eyes – his brother wanted it too. No matter the past – in that moment they both wanted a new future, both gave their silent consent to try start anew. It was meant to be difficult, to be done with so much effort, past actions put behind them. They were both ready to listen.
Thor tried not to think that fighting Kurse could have possibly resulted in his death. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Thor knew he could fail. But what he also knew was that he was the most capable of defeating him. So that was why Thor ordered Loki not to engage. It was not that Thor didn't trust in his brother's strength. No. But Loki was only fresh out of his cell, his mind could be sharp as ever but surely his body lost some speed and durability with no exercises or training in that white room.

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Asgard
Thor Feels
Protective Thor
Major Character Injury
Whump
Loki Feels
Odin's A+ Parenting
People of Asgard are not so bad
Not all of them
Brotherly Bonding
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Poor Loki
Oh Odin...
AU of the end
Guilty Thor
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Jane Foster/Thor

