Chapter 1: From here to there
    




Chapter Text
The metallic scent of blood stood out sharply in the air which was usually filled with the aroma of different herbs that might invite a person to either think of a delicious recipe or a powerful potion, depending on their personal preferences. For Stephen this garden fulfilled another purpose than providing ingredients for culinary adventures. By no means was he an expert in brewing potent mixtures or in manufacturing healing balms. This particular field of the mystical arts had never really succeeded in capturing his interest for the simple reason that it had been made clear to him from the very beginning that nothing that he could apply to his skin or drink would lessen the tremor in his hands. Consequently, Stephen would refer to his skill as only slightly better than amateurish and that was a harsh sting itself.No matter what Stephen had worked on during his lifetime, he had always looked down with loathing on the beginner state. From his earliest childhood there had been this drive inside of him, not only to succeed but to do better than everybody else. Growing up and being an adult had told him that it simply wasn’t possible to excel in every field, but Stephen had become the Sorcerer Supreme. Master of the mystical arts. He should be damned if he wasn’t able to come up with an ointment that could ease the feeling of skin being too tight, of it stretching over the bone in a way it shouldn’t.So far Stephen had only been successful in cutting himself. A small trickle of blood was visible through the cut in his glove and Stephen looked down onto it with mixture of disdain and resignation. It didn’t come as a surprise. A man whose hands were suffering from a constant tremor should not choose gardening as a way to pass his time. He was bound to hurt himself. However, the multiple times that Stephen had come here before, he had left again with his skin unharmed. So this was a failure on his part. A lack of concentration when Stephen should easily be able to use magic to steady his hands without constantly thinking about it. More or less this was a step back to his very first days at the Kamar Taj, when he hadn’t had the simple ability to create a portal.As he was pulling off his glove Stephen released a tired sigh. The wound was superficial, it had already stopped bleeding. Nonetheless Stephen interpreted it as a sign to return home, that he was done for today. Standing up he peeked into the small basket he had brought that was only partly filled herbs and greens. Tonight he would figure out what to do with them. Holding the basket loosely in his hurt hand Stephen opened a portal with the other one. His living quarters in the Sanctum Santorum lay right in front of him and within them Wong. Who wasn’t supposed to be there. For now Stephen decided not to be alarmed, because lately Wong was making a habit out of seeking him out personally when a mere phone call would be sufficient.There was no hello, as usual. Wong simply entered the conversation directly by stating the obvious the very second Stephen had walked through the portal. “You are still trying out gardening? I thought you would have given it up by now.”Only now, confronted with another person and the social obligation to talk to them, Stephen realised how sour his mood actually was. Wong wasn’t responsible though and Stephen would try his best to approachable. “People claim it to be very relaxing.”“Looks rather dangerous to me.” Wong pointed out and gestured vaguely at Stephen’s hand. The reflex to hide it came instantly, only with actual effort Stephen managed to keep it where it was. “It’s only one lost battle, the plants can’t win the war.” Casually Stephen placed the basket on the table before turning back to his friend. “What are you doing here except for pointing out my feeble skills? I am almost getting used to seeing you around here lately.”Some people might have considered that last statement as a reproach and Stephen thought it was possible that Wong did so too, but his friend had made a habit out of indulging him. Whatever morose or surly thing Stephen said Wong would give a response so dry and deadpan that it took the edge off Stephen’s words. Perhaps that was the main reason why their partnership was working rather well. Without Wong’s patience and willingness to overlook Stephen’s obvious flaws in the social aspects of life, they would have probably tried to murder each other by now.“You are seeing quite a lot of me here, because you hardly leave the Sanctum anymore.”“A rather odd thing to say right after you had to wait here for me because I wasn’t here.” Stephen pointed out, feeling tired of this conversation already. Along with the lassitude came a nagging feeling of guilt. Somebody was coming here to see him, it was wrong and arrogant to feel annoyed by that.“Let’s not split hairs.” Wong remained as cool and stoic as ever. “I am here to update you on the progress we’ve made with the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Dimension Travel
Magic
Infinity Gems
Survivor Guilt
Working with the Enemy
Alliance of Convenience
Falling In Love
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Brotherhood
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder

fandom: 
Loki/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

