Work Text:
  “Tony, you had better be on your way to this meeting,” Pepper warned. Tony Stark couldn’t help the smirk that tugged at his lips as Pepper’s tone held the promise of severe punishment if his ass wasn’t in conference room B in the next few minutes. “I’m on my – whoa!” As Tony rounded the corner, something barrelled into knees. Grunting in shock, Tony grabbed the edge of the wall to catch himself, but momentum had him stumbling forward, nearly tripping again as his feet got caught up in a tangle of limbs on the floor. Managing to keep himself from falling flat on his face, Tony whipped around to see what had tripped him up. “Ouch,” a small voice hiccupped from the floor. Tony could only stare. He blinked as the small figure on the floor pushed himself up onto his feet, sniffing loudly. Tony glanced around the hallway, but it was empty apart from himself and the small child that had nearly knocked him over. “Tony!” Pepper snapped in his ear. “I’ll call you back,” Tony muttered, still staring at the child who was now dusting off his jeans. “Don’t do this to me, Tony,” Pepper growled before he ended the call. Tony winced, knowing he would pay for that later, but he was more concerned for the small child crying in the hallway of the Avengers Tower. “M’ sorry, sir,” the boy hiccupped, finally looking up at Tony. Tony usually would have smirked when he saw the moment someone realised who he was. But there was something about the wide, doe-like eyes staring up at him and small o shape the young boys lips made that had Tony gently squatting down into a crouch so he was eye level with the boy. “You okay kid?” Tony asked, scanning the boy for any obvious injuries. “Mr. Stark! I’m so sorry! I didn’t see you. I didn’t mean to run into you,” the boy rambled quickly, eyes shimmering with tears that had yet to fall. “Hey, it’s not your fault,” Tony quickly assured the kid. He slipped off his signature glasses, sliding them into his breast pocket so he could get a clear look at the kid. “I should have looked where I was going. Are you okay?” The boy nodded, wiping his nose with his sleeve. “M’ sorry.” “What’s your name?” Tony asked. “M’ Peter Parker, sir.” “Hey Peter, I’m Tony Stark, but you already knew that,” Tony winked and was pleased when Peter nodded eagerly, his tears momentarily forgotten. “I know who you are! Iron Man is my favourite superhero,” Peter gushed, curls shifting as he bounced on his feet. Toy grinned. Peter was adorable the way his whole face had lit up with excitement, but Tony was a little concerned as to why Peter was crying, all alone in the Avengers Tower. He didn’t look any older than ten years old, in fact Tony would have put him at maybe seven or eight given his height and weight. “Well it’s always nice to meet a fan,” Tony grinned. “How did you get here, Peter?” “I’m on a field trip,” Peter gave him a toothy grin before it suddenly fell. “But I got lost.” Tony vaguely remembered Pepper mentioning something about a school tour, but he had been elbows deep in an upgrade and hadn’t been paying that much attention. That didn’t matter much at the moment because Peter looked close to tears again and Tony’s heart clenched at thought of the kid crying again. Despite what the media said about him and made him out to be who they thought he was, Tony didn’t have anything against children. Though he knew he was absolutely the last person who should be having a kid, that didn’t mean he didn’t like them. Tony was actually really good with kids. “Good thing you ran into me then,” Tony winked at Peter who perked up at the action. “Who better to help than Iron Man?” Peter beamed, nodding so rapidly Tony was afraid that the kid would get whiplash. “JARVIS, you up?” Tony asked, holding up his phone so Peter could see. He smirked as Peter shuffled closer to get a better look, red-rimmed eyes widening comically as JARVIS spoke. “For you sir, always.” “Help me locate where the school tour group is,” Tony said. “Peter, where did you see them last? Can you remember?” “We had a bathroom break and when I came out everyone was gone,” Peter said. “Alright, J, start with the bathrooms on this floor,” Tony said. “Of course, Sir,” JARVIS responded. “That’s so cool,” Peter breathed. Tony turned his head to grin at Peter. The kid had shuffled even closer to Tony so that he was now practically tucked into the man’s side, head coming up to Tony’s shoulder. “Sir, the school tour group has left the building,” JARVIS responded. “What?” Tony repeated, gaze snapping to Peter who face had dropped. “They signed out approximately twenty minutes ago, sir,” JARVIS said. “Oh,” Peter whispered, small hands wringing together. “They forgot me.” Tony tried to keep the horror off his face. Instead he inhaled sharply through his nose and his jaw clenched at the sudden anger that rushed through him. He was pretty sure that schools had things in place to make sure this exact situation didn’t happen. How on earth did they leave Peter beh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter is forgotten
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Fluff
Protective Pepper Potts
Smart Peter Parker
Young Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Peter Parker is lost
Soft Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

