Work Text:
One by one, they left him.Not all of them physically, but some of them. Not that it really mattered how they left, just that they left. They left unhappy, contrite, unwilling to look back. They wanted nothing to do with Steve anymore.It started when they returned home—except no, it really didn’t. It started before that. It started in Wakanda, with the arrival of a box. Or maybe it started on the Raft, with anger in cells, directed at anything that happened to be in front of them.Maybe it really, truly, started in an airport. Out on the hot tarmac, with one man standing strong in his convictions, too blinded by self-righteousness to see that the obstacles in front of him were really friends, willing to compromise, if only he would listen. He didn’t, and now he couldn’t go back. Clint was the first to leave. He spent his time on the Raft, so Steve hears, ranting about Tony and how he screwed them all over. When Steve broke them out, Clint seemed like he was near ready to go get revenge on Tony, no matter what placating things Steve tried saying.But Clint’s anger wore out, eventually. He missed his family. And though Tony was the original convenient target of Clint’s anger, he wasn’t in Wakanda, and sometimes Steve started to feel that Clint blamed him for their predicament. Sometimes, in the privacy of his own thoughts, Steve thought there was some truth to that. After all, it wasn’t Tony who called a retired man away from his family, only to end up as a wanted criminal.Then Tony was clearly involved in getting them all pardoned—as much as Natasha said he simply “didn’t get in the way,” Steve knew Tony had to have something to do with it, he just had to, because then he must have forgiven Steve—and Clint didn’t have any more anger for him. He kept quiet, he wouldn’t say a word against Tony or anyone else, and when they got home, Clint didn’t even come to the Compound for a last goodbye. He took the few possessions he’d come with in the first place and he left with nothing more than a cursory explanation for Steve.
“Look, man, I know you thought you really needed me here, but I’m done, okay? Don’t call me again. Not if the goddamn world is ending. I had to do a hell of a lot of groveling to get Laura to even think about giving me a second chance, and I’m not about to screw it up.”
Steve hadn’t even known Clint had gotten to talk to them yet. Clint hadn’t told him about the conversations. He supposed they were private, not something Steve needed to know about, but still… it felt like something Clint would have told his friends. Steve had no doubt Nat knew everything about the situation, and it felt wrong that Steve didn’t, somehow.Clint walked away from the plane back from Wakanda and didn’t look back, and Steve felt a hole open in his heart. Bucky was the second to physically leave, but that wasn’t as bitter a parting—not at first, anyway. It wasn’t permanent, he came back every time. The actual leaving took a lot longer, for him.They were welcomed back, and Bucky was pardoned of everything that he did as the Winter Soldier, as he rightfully should have been. Still, it didn’t seem to really comfort Bucky himself. He walked around the Compound looking haunted, avoiding people, particularly Tony.It wasn’t right, he told Steve, to be walking around in Tony’s building, living on his dime. No matter that Tony had apologized to Bucky when they all came home, told him that he wasn’t responsible for Howard’s death and couldn’t have stopped it. Steve had watched the exchange approvingly, trying not to let the relief show on his face—he’d been worried that Tony would still blame Bucky. Secretly, he’d also hoped that Tony forgiving Bucky was a sign he would forgive Steve, too. But he’d avoided eye contact with Steve through the entire conversation, focusing only on Bucky.Bucky accepted the apology with grace and offered his own in return, telling Tony how sorry he was for his parents’ deaths, and the way in which he found out. There was an edge to his voice when he said that part that Steve didn’t like. At the time, he thought it was hints of guilt creeping back in, that Bucky hadn’t actually forgiven himself for what he’d been forced to do.Later, looking back, Steve realized that the edge was directed at him. That Bucky had been discreetly showing his disapproval of the way Steve had handled the situation in Siberia. Steve had enough regrets about that whole thing, was drowning in enough guilt regarding Tony; adding Bucky on to that was even worse.Bucky went to therapy. That was the first thing to really change. Steve didn’t disapprove, of course, not if it would help Bucky. But he didn’t like the way Bucky was pulling away after he started it. He went most days, leaving the Compound entirely to go somewhere off-site. He said it was “safer,” and when Steve challenged that, saying there really wasn’t a safer place than the Compound, Bucky looked almost disappointed when he explained that he didn’t mean physical
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past steve/tony

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
Author is Bitter
broken up steve/tony that will NOT get back together

fandom: 
past steve/tony

