Work Text:
  “Hey FRIDAY,” Peter beamed as he all but skipped into the compound one Saturday morning. His backpack slung over one shoulder, phone in his other hand as he gave the compound his usual look around, taking in the magnificent building that never failed to make his stomach swoop. “Hello Peter,” FRIDAY greeted him warmly. “It is good to see you again. Did you enjoy your school camp?” “It was okay,” Peter shrugged. His class had their annual school camp for the past week, spending time out in the wilderness learning skills that you couldn’t get in a classroom. The camp in itself had been fun; Peter got to share a cabin with Ned and the food hadn’t been too bad. Flash had tried to make him the butt of every joke and while the kids around him laughed he still managed to have fun. Besides MJ made up for it when she tipped Flash’s canoe, spending him sprawling in the lake and he emerged wrapped in lake gunk and a frog in his hair. The week had managed to both drag and fly by and when Friday rolled around, Peter was happy to be back on the bus heading home to Queens. He had missed May, who had greeted him with a big hug and a number five sandwich squished down really flat. He had also missed Mr. Stark. Before Peter had left for camp, he had noticed that Mr. Stark had seemed a little more stressed than usual. They still had their weekly lab sessions, but Peter had noticed that the man was a little more reserved, dark circles under his eyes. Colonel Rhodes had been around more often, joining Peter and Tony in their lab time which Peter thoroughly enjoyed. He liked the colonel, enjoyed watching him banter with Mr. Stark and the genuine smile Mr. Stark wore around his oldest friend. Peter had asked on their last lab session before he went on camp if everything was okay, but Mr. Stark had waved his concern off and told him that everything was fine. Peter didn’t really believe him but didn’t want to push his mentor. Ever since The Vulture Incident (and Ned had deemed that it deserved capitals because it was so badass) Peter had grown closer to his mentor and didn’t want to do anything that jeopardized their new relationship. So, Peter had left it and promised to see Tony on Saturday when he returned from camp. “Is Mr. Stark already in the lab?” Peter asked, already heading in that direction. “Boss is in the training gym,” FRIDAY announced. “Really?” Peter paused mid-step. “What’s he doing in there?” “He is there with Platypus, Captain America, Sam Wilson and Natasha Romanov,” FRIDAY said. “Would you like me to inform Boss you have arrived?” A cold chill had worked down Peter’s spine and he had already slipped his backpack off, unzipping it to pull out his suit. “NO! Don’t warn him.” Peter had no idea why the Rogues had decided to show up at the compound now after being on the run for nearly over a year but there was no way he was going to let Captain America have another go at Mr. Stark. Peter had failed once when he let Captain America get the best of him, but he wouldn’t allow the man or his goonies another chance at hurting Mr. Stark or Colonel Rhodes. He stripped out of his clothes as fast as he could, donning his suit before webbing his backpack to the wall out of instinct. Then Peter was sprinting through the compound to get the training gym. “Don’t worry, Mr. Stark and Colonel Rhodes, I’m coming,” Peter whispered to himself as he ran.  It felt familiar to be back in the training gym at the compound with Steve, Sam and Natasha but Tony knew it wasn’t the same. They were trying though and that was all that mattered. On Monday the official pardon for the media dubbed ‘Rogues’ had come through which meant that by Tuesday they were back at the Compound, like the last year had never happened.   There was still tension in the air, polite conversation and carefully chosen words so not to set one another off. Natasha hadn’t let that go on for long and had gotten them all together to clear the air. While their relationships had not been repaired in a single afternoon, it was a start. Clint and Scott had returned to their families while Bucky had remained at Wakanda for the time being to give himself and Tony the time to adjust. They had managed to survive the week with one another, and Steve had suggested that they head down to the training gym for the first time since they had returned. Wanda and Vision had declined, opting to go for a walk around the compound instead. “Tony?” Steve asked when they had finished warming up. “Do you think we could do some sparring?” Tony knew what Steve was really asking. Taking a deep breath and centering himself, shaking away the unease that threatened to take over, Tony nodded. “Sure, let’s do it,” Tony said and as pleased that his voice didn’t shake. They started off with some light moves, feeling each other out and gaging one another, looking for any signs of distress or hidden anger. They slowly got bolder with their moves (Steve letting Tony make the first move which didn’t 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Mild Hurt/Comfort
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Steve Rogers is sorry
Peter Parker kicks ass
Peter Parker Cries
BAMF Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Irondad
spiderson

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

