Chapter 1: Past Always Catches Up With You, But The Future Is What Counts
    




Chapter Text
Written for Erisa ken!!Just sit back and enjoy, and I hope I managed to live up to your expectations!!!Disclaimer: I claim no rights to the characters of Harry Potter and Captain America. They belong to their respective owners. Story starts at the end of the Winter Soldier, but I’ll tone it down with spoilers as much as possible. The songs featuring in this chapter are ‘The Shadow of Your Smile’ performed by Ella Fitzgerald, and ‘Dream a Little Dream of Me’ sung by Louis Armstrong, in that order . I claim no rights to the songs.Warnings:  slash, explicit content, romance, bit of drama, bit of angst
cut
Steve woke up slowly, feeling as though someone hung weights on his body. Everything hurt, and his brain was too fuzzy for him to make a connection to anything. Judging by the scent tickling his nose, he was in the hospital, but the lights were dimmed so they didn’t hurt his eyes.A soothing voice was coming from somewhere to his right, and Steve slowly turned his head to the side.“… I am glad it cannot happen twice, the fever of first love. For it is a fever, and a burden, too, whatever the poets may say. They are not brave, the days when we are twenty-one. They are full of little cowardices, little fears without foundation, and one is so easily bruised, so swiftly wounded, one falls to the first barbed word. To-day, wrapped in the complacent armour of approaching middle age, the infinitesimal pricks of day by day brush one but lightly and are soon forgotten…” (1)As Steve’s sight slowly focused, he finally saw whom that soothing, velvety voice belonged to. It was a young man, hardly older than some 25 years with playful raven-black tresses which danced around a handsome face. Eyes were shadowed by messy bangs, so Steve couldn’t see their color, but as the young man read from the book Steve’s eyes fell on rosy lips, soft and succulent.“-how a careless word would linger, becoming a fiery stigma, and how a look, a glance over a shoulder, branded themselves as…” (2)Steve must have made some sort of a sound because the young man stopped reading and raised his head. Steve could swear that he has never in his life seen such vivid eyes. That shade of almost shimmering green could not be seen anywhere in the world. It looked as though the very essence of everything that was beautiful and pure was trapped within those endless depths, and Steve forgot for a moment where he was.“You are awake?” The young man stood up as he closed the book and placed it on the seat he occupied a moment ago, quickly flittering around Steve, checking up on the wounded soldier.He’s a doctor? Steve thought, but to his horror, he found himself unable to move let alone talk.“Hey!” The young man appeared right beside Steve again, leaning over him with a calming smile and warm eyes. “Take it easy. You’re safe.”Steve found it strange how the young doctor had no qualms about brushing his hand through Steve’s bangs in a calming gesture, and the soldier couldn’t help but calm down as wave upon wave of warmth washed over him.He almost didn’t want to go back to sleep, but the soothing murmurs of the young doctor lulled Steve’s weary mind and brought peace to his hurting heart.And for the first time since he woke up from his icy prison, Steve fell asleep without any problems.
cut
“…But escape can be delusion, and what he is running from is not the enclosing world and its inhabitants, but his own inadequate self that fears to meet the demands which life makes upon…” (3)The same young doctor Steve remember hazily stopped reading before Steve even managed to speak up, although he doubted he even wanted to. He came to a realization that he could listen to the young man’s velvety voice for an eternity and never get bored of it. The soft, heavily accented words rolled off of those lips in a steady flow, painting vivid images in Steve’s mind.“You’re awake.” The young man smiled and Steve as he closed the book not even bothering to mark the page.Steve wanted to say something, but he had no idea where to start. His first thought was to ask who the young man was, but another part of him wanted to know which day it was and how long it has been since he was hospitalized.The young man must have seen something in Steve’s eyes because those lips tilted up into a comforting smile while elegant, long-fingered hands came to rest in his lap, and the beautiful man shifted a bit in his chair. “It’s been a week since you were brought to this hospital, and you were in a coma for two days. Your injures have been taken care of and are healing nicely and without complications. Several of who I suppose are your friends came to visit, but they had to leave since the visiting hours are over. It’s 11:35 PM.”It was obvious that the young man did this at least a few times before since he delivered the raw facts right off, and Steve couldn’t help but smile. “And you are?” he was surprised by 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Slash
explicit content
AU
Drama
bit o' angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Harry Potter

