Work Text:
 
 
“Are we late?” Peter asked, dodging a harried looking mother holding a stack of wrapped boxes.
 
“Fashionably,” May answered, linking her free arm with Peter as they hit the sidewalk, the cold air of New York biting at their cheeks and noses. Her other arm had a large cooler bag hanging from it where a stack of pies sits piled on one another for dessert later. It is their small contribution to the Christmas dinner even though Pepper had told them not to bring anything. Even though they are probably getting squashed, Peter is sure they will get eaten by the end of the night.
 
The Avengers Tower looms high up above them as they get closer and Peter feels the bubble of excitement pop inside him, making him bounce beside his Aunt. Tony had invited both him and May over for an early Christmas party with the whole Avengers team. Peter was sure he could feel Ned’s excitement all the way back in Queens. It was going to be Peter’s first holiday with the team, and he was both ecstatic and nervous. Everyone was going to be there, even Thor, who didn’t really understand what Christmas was but enjoyed eating and drinking large amount of food and booze.
 
As the Tower’s doors came into sight, both May and Peter quickened their steps. The lobby was warm, Peter shivering as the rush of heat wrapped around them. The lobby was mostly empty apart from a few security guards who waved them through, already expecting them.
 
“Alright, what floor?” May asked as they stepped into the elevator.
 
“Welcome back, Peter,” FRIDAY greeted as the doors closed, making May jump.
 
“Hi FRIDAY,” Peter beamed. “Merry Christmas!”
 
“Thank you,” FRIDAY said, sounding amused.  “Though I don’t celebrate any holidays I wish you and your Aunt Merry Christmas too.”
 
“I didn’t touch anything,” May whispered as the elevator started moving.
 
“No need, Mrs. Parker,” FRIDAY said. “Boss is waiting for you both and says now the party can begin.”
 
“I don’t even know how to respond,” May said, looking up at where FRIDAY’s voice seemed to be coming from.
 
“FRIDAY is awesome,” Peter grinned. “You’ll get used to her.”
 
It didn’t take long before the elevator doors opened, and they stepped out into the lavishly decorated Avengers Common room, laughter and music greeting them warmly. A sudden chill ran down Peter’s spine, the hair on the back of his neck rising as his instincts screamed at him to recoil and retreat.
 
“The Parker's!” Tony greeted joyfully, a genuine smile on his face. He looked nice, dressed up for the occasion in a suit that probably cost more than their rent. Peter felt a little underdressed in his best jeans and button up shirt and he shifted uneasily.
 
“Glad you could make it,” Tony grinned, looking between the two.
 
“Thank you for the invitation,” May smiled and gestured to the cooler bag. “We brought dessert.”
 
“You didn’t need to do that,” Pepper said as she glided over to them. She too was dressed in a stunning outfit, hair let loose around her shoulders. She took the bag from May, dropping a kiss to the woman’s cheek. “Thank you.”
 
“Are they safe to eat?” Tony mumbled to Peter, glancing questionably at the cooler bag.
 
“We bought them,” Peter hummed vacantly, looking around the room.
 
“You okay kid?” Tony asked.
 
Peter’s gaze snapped back to Tony when the mans’ hand landed on his shoulder. Tony stood there, head cocked to one side and concern flickering in his eyes. Pepper had snagged May’s arm and was directing her to the bar where drinks were being served up.
 
“I’m okay. Are you?” Peter asked. There didn’t appear to be a threat, but Peter had learnt that just because he couldn’t see a threat, it didn’t mean it wasn’t there.
 
“Yeah, I’m great,” Tony smiled, soft and warm. He wrapped an arm around Peter, drawing him into his side and led him further into the room. “Merry Christmas, Peter.”
 
“Merry Christmas, Mr. Stark,” Peter smiled. He dropped his backpack off to the side as Tony requested (and Peter still couldn’t believe that he was staying the night!) and followed his mentor further into the party.
 
Everyone greeted Peter warmly, taking the time to introduce themselves to May who held her own much better than Peter had the first time he had met the group of superheros. The Avenger’s all seemed happy to have them there, a lot more relaxed than Peter had ever seen them and so he knew they weren’t the threat, but it didn’t stop the shiver of warning that rolled down his spine.
 
He tried to relax. He followed May to the bar to get himself a drink.
 
(“Here, try this.” 

 


“Ugh! What is that?” 


 


“Eggnog. Well adults only Eggnog.”


 


“God, Aunt May why would you let me drink that?! That taste awful.” 


 


“Good to know.”) 


 

He trailed after Rhodey to the food table, snagging a few bread rolls, mash potato, roasted veggies and salad (which really wasn’t an option as Rhodey had simply dumped them on his plate insisting that he eat some greens). He didn’t grab any meat or any of the condiments t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Sick Character
allergy
Christmas Party
Christmas Fluff
Christmas Tree
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Pepper Potts
Sick Peter Parker
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Soft Tony Stark
Team Bonding
Team Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

