Work Text:
 
It had been planned all been planned for. They had poured over a map of the terrain, looking for every possible angle, entry and cover points. Every tree, building and pothole had been accounted for in 3D holograms supplied by one of Tony’s new drones.
Sam, Rhodey and Tony would take to the skies and monitor from above, calling out any activity that they could see. They were to take out any areal threats there were sure to be.
Clint would find perch, acting as a sniper for the team. There was a small structure that would be perfect for him, if he managed to make it there. Wanda was to be his partner, making sure that he made it there.
Scott was to take advantage of the fact he could go small, scouting the ground ahead of the rest of the ground team.
Steve, Bucky and Natasha were the lead on the ground, covering as much as they could when the sky team gave them the all clear.
Bruce was to hang back with Spider-Man and Vision in case anyone tried to take them from behind and to avoid any Code Green situation. But even that had been planned for in case the Hulk decided he had had enough and wanted in on the action.
It had all been planned for. The it promptly went to shit.
“Geeze, when Fury said they weren’t going to hold back,” Rhodey muttered over the comms, diving and weaving through the air as he avoided getting hit. “Tony! Any ideas on how shut them down?”
“Working on it,” Tony grunted on his end promptly pirouetting through the clear blue sky to avoid the shots taken at him. “I can’t get close enough. I’m fairly sure this is cheating.”
“Son of a bitch,” Sam growled, swooping down to the ground. “My wings have been hit. They’re out of commission.”
“Are you still good on foot?” Steve asked, raising his shield just in time to be hit in the chest. He lowered it, raising his right hand to fire off a couple of shots, hearing the satisfying grunt of his target being met.
“Yeah,” Sam huffed. “I’m on the East side.”
“Wanda, can you help Sam?” Steve asked.
“I can,” Clint answered. “I have to retreat; they found my nest.”
“I can help too,” Wanda said. “Meet me by the water tank.”
“Got it,” Sam huffed over the comm.
“We are on the West. We can herd them into the cabin like we planned,” Bucky said, peering out from behind the tree.
“It could still work,” Natasha said. She saw movement on her left and ducked just before a shot hit the tree, she had been taking cover behind. She moved swiftly, gun up and fired, hitting her target in the shoulders and in the leg. She smirked before taking cover once again.
“Rhodey, Tony, you still okay up there?” Steve asked.
“Define okay,” Tony answered.
“Can you shut the machine off?” Steve asked, swiftly moving forward through the trees again.
“Easily, if I can get to it,” Tony huffed. “Rhodey, how do you feel about being bait?”
“I’d feel better if it was you,” Rhodey swerved in the air, firing as he did.
“I can work with that,” Tony hummed.
“Uhhhh, I hate to be that guy,” Scott came over the coms. “But that isn’t going to work. The cabin is a trap.”
“What? Scott, repeat,” Steve barked, diving out of the way as a black-glad figure appeared, gun raised.
“It’s a trap!” Scott yelled. “It’s an ambush and – ahh shit!”
“Vision, Bruce, Spider-Man!” Steve commanded, raising his gun and firing but missing his target. “Bring it in. Try and draw them to the East side where that bunker was on the map.”
“Vision and I are coming,” Bruce said. “Not too sure where Spider-Man went.”
“What?!” Tony growled.
“Spider-Man, report,” Steve said.
“Wanda’s been hit,” Clint reported. “Guys, if you could spare some help.”
“On my way,” Natasha said.
“Did you find Spider-Man?” Tony asked.
“Tony, look out!” Rhodey snapped.
“Spider-Man, report!” Steve commanded.
“On your left,” Spider-Man said, the laughter evident in his voice and Steve saw a blur of red and blue. “Mr. America! Toss your shield up!”
Steve fired some shot to give himself some cover before he swung his arm and let the shield go flying. He had enough time to see a web attach to the shield before Spider-Man went flying into the air.
“Mr. Stark, catch me!” Spider-Man whooped.
“God damn it Underoos,” Tony swore colourfully.
“Language,” Steve huffed, sprinting across the ground, firing his gun. He went sliding across the ground to take cover in the small ditch landing next to Bucky who was already there.
They both looked up to see that Tony had caught Spider-Man, the red and blue figure now riding on the back of the red and gold suit.
“Get me close,” Spider-Man voice filtered over their comms.
Steve watched as Tony zipped through the air, getting Spider-Man as close as he could before the vigilante was jumping off Tony’s back and firing a web at the hovering machine, using Steve’s shield to cover himself. There was a flurry of activity, Tony veering away before he could be hit, and then suddenly the machine went silent and started plummeting towards the earth.
“Incoming shield,” Spider-Man said, and Steve felt the magnetic pull on his arm bef
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
BAMF Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Avengers team - Freeform
Team Dynamics
Training
Paintball
Teen Peter Parker
Team Bonding
Peter Parker underestimated
Steve Rogers team leader
I can't think of tags
will add more tags

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

