Work Text:

According to Dante and a lot of Christians there are nine circles of hell: limbo, lust, gluttony, greed, anger, heresy, violence, fraud and treachery.

Peter Parker was pretty sure he had now ended up in the secret tenth circle of hell, the one created specifically for him: embarrassment.

Because what other possible explanation would there be for his terminal case of foot in the mouth disease? What other way to excuse the fact that he always ended up saying the wrong thing at the wrong time?


Why 

else would he be going on a school trip to Stark Tower?

As the school bus finally stopped in one of the parking lot behind the tower, Peter couldn’t help the groan that escaped him. He wondered, distractedly, if calling in sick right now would help him or further ruin him, since May was at work and his other contact in case of sickness or danger was Tony himself.

He nearly tripped down the stairs when Flash knocked into him as they stepped off the bus, an ugly sneer on his face. 

“Hey, Parker, how does it feel knowing that your lie is about to catch up with you?”

Ned, bless his heart, immediately jumped to defend him. “Peter is not lying!”

“I can’t believe you 

actually 

believe that Parker interns here with Tony Stark himself. Cause if you do, you’re more pathetic than he is.” Flash turned his eye on Peter once more. “Everyone knows that Mr Stark does 

not 

do interns. At least you could have lied and said Ms Potts. She at least 

does 

have an intern.”

Peter knew he was talking about Harley and couldn’t help grimacing at the thought of - his step brother? fake brother? Neither of them were Tony’s kids, not really, but at the same time they 

kind 

of were - the other. Don’t misunderstand him, Peter absolutely adored Harley. It was nice having another teenager that understood him, could keep up with him in terms of science, knew his secret, liked Tony as much as he did and spoke his language.

But it was actually Harley’s fault that they were there.

Stark Tower had very few schools they invited to visit every year, and Midtown High was not popular 
enough 
to have been selected. But as Pepper’s secretary/PA/intern, Harley had a lot of freedom and decisions he was able to make for the company, and this was one of those.

When Peter had found out and sub-sequentially chased him around and threatened to web him to the ceiling, Harley had told him that he had done it for Peter, to give him a chance to show up all the annoying bullies in his school by showing how a ‘nerd’ was actually cooler than all of them together.

And that was sweet, of course. But 

still

! Peter would have to walk around his second home with his classmates and risk being embarrassed by the other residents who all loved him and acted like he was their shared little brother. Hadn’t he suffered enough?

On top of that, if Flash was stupid enough to act up in Tony’s own home under FRIDAY’s watchful gaze, Peter worried for his life. He was man enough to admit that he was everyone’s favourite and both the SI employees and the few Avengers who might be around would 

kill 

for him.

They stopped once inside the tower and Peter decided to hang back a little, hoping the gaggle of other student around could hide him from where Ms ‘call-me-Noel’ Stevenson and Mr. ‘call-me-Theo’ Reunald were manning the security desk.

“Hello Midtown High!” called a woman at the very front of the crowd, standing next to their teachers. Thankfully for Peter, it wasn’t anyone he recognised. “My name is Elena Spike, and today I will be your guide as we go through Stark Tower. 

“I am sure your teachers have already given you, along with the NDAs you’ve signed, a packet containing what you will be doing throughout the day, but to rehash. The morning will be divided between going through the lower level facilities. You will receive small explanations behind everything Stark Industries works with and have a chance to speak and question our various sectors: Legal, Communications, Security, PR and some other sub sectors. Then the CEO, Miss Virginia ‘Pepper’ Potts will speak to you guys, and talk about her own experience going from an intern, to working in Legal, becoming Dr Stark’s PA and then CEO.

“After that you will be left for lunch for an hour, before going to the two sectors I’m sure most of you are interested in: the science labs and then R&D. You will spend a while there with the others before finally going into a free lab and conducting an experiment lead by our senior staff.”

Mutters of excitement rose around him and Peter sighed. He was curious though, that Aminah - he assumed it was her, she was the other senior staff aside from Tony -  had agreed to do an experiment with a bunch of teenagers. She liked him well enough, but that was mostly because he came with a stamp of approval from Tony and did his more… ambitious experiments, in Tony's his own lab, which meant she wasn’t liable for anything going wrong. She wasn’t a children/teenagers
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Vision is Tony's child
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
New Avengers
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
im Still Salty
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
and a bully
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Friday is the best
moderated for my peace of mind
cause i know team cap ppl can be very annoying
Crack
Fluff and Crack
Crack Treated Seriously
BAMF Stark Industries
Stark Industries

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

