Chapter 1: last morning of freedom
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It seemed to Thor as he made his way along the corridors that the palace had been in an uproar for days. Servants rushed around the familiar rooms and even his favored table was not available for him to have breakfast at.
Usually he would expect those he passed to acknowledge him with admiring glances and visitors to vie for his princely attention but today everyone was too busy to try to catch his eye. Jotuns he thought, scowling. Although he had always known that this day would arrive he felt angry. Angry at his father. Angry at the Jotuns. Angry at the Council and angry that he as Prince Royal to the throne of Asgard was to be betrothed to a total stranger!!
He was not unrealistic, he knew from a very early age that he ,as heir, would be expected to wed for the political good of Asgard. It was a good match for the realm, historical even. An alliance with Jotunheim was a rare opportunity which offered great advantages to both kingdoms. His father and he had sat at numerous meeting with ambassadors and the Council to arrange this very event. He had tried to stay focused for his country and fathers sake but often his attention had wandered . His thoughts often strayed to the hunt or the practice grounds where he knew his friends probably were , unfettered by protocol and royal responsibilities. It had all seemed so far in the future but the years had turned to months, then to weeks and then days and here it was.
Thor sighed and went to find a quieter table. He ate heartily nothing slowing his renowned appetite. He rarely missed an extended session down at the training grounds  and enjoyed a hearty meal to set him up for the rest of day. As he held his glass out for a second  ale a heavy hand fell on his broad shoulder.
" Ah Volstag, Fandral come to mock the condemned? Join me, the whole house of Bor is in an uproar." Volstag  lifted bread from his plate as he signaled a passing vassel to bring them more food.
" And how is our soon to be betrothed bridegroom faring?" His friends were well aware of his dismay and exchanged sympathetic glances with each other over his golden head. " We here the Jotun is exceedingly fair."
"A lifetime! It is a long time not to tire of a pretty face!" Their food arrived and they were joined by Sif who gave Thors shoulder a supportive pat as she got seated.  They ate in quiet but companionable silence. Thor was grateful that he would have them at hand to support him through the next few difficult days.They were thinking that it would be a full time task to succeed with the Lady Queens request. That was to steer their beloved but bullish and indulged friend and Prince through the ceremonies  without him making a spectacle of himself and by default Asgard. Suddenly Thor stood up, " Come on, lets go down to the Tilts"
Sif looked at Fandral.
"Maybe today we should just go down to the river and put up some birds from the marshes for supper?" She suggested.
Thor glowered at her suspiciously.
"Why? I want to practice that  new sword move we started yesterday!"
Fandral cleared his throat.
"We would not want to present our prince to the Jotuns with a broken nose or tooth. Neither would your mother be pleased." he ventured.
"I will be going to the tilts today. My new bride will have to get used to real warriors ways rather than Jotun giants wrestling each other in the mud! We will show them how well Asgard is protected!"  Thor picked up his cloak from the bench beside him and swept out of the hall in the direction of the Yards.
Sif raised her eyebrows at her friends with a shrug.
"Tilts it is then! Nobody hit him in the face !"




Notes:

My my I enjoyed that and hope you did too. I wanted to treat these two as I would like them to be treated. Its called 'Best laid plans' and it continues on immediately after those last loving kisses with the first few chapters already posted.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Lady Loki

freeform: 
Female Loki
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Loki Needs a Hug
Protective Thor

fandom: 
Thor/Lady Loki

