Work Text:
  Tony stared at the unknown number on his phone, debating whether or not to answer it. It had been ringing practically non-stop much to the annoyance of the hospital staff. He had switched it to vibrate but when the grating buzz on the bedside table earned him a side glare from Rhodey he picked up the phone and answered the call.   “What?” “Please tell me that is not how you are teaching my nephew to answer a phone,” May Parker’s voice filtered through the small speaker. Tony’s whole body froze, eyes widening, and his lips parted with the tail end of a curse before he managed to stop himself from saying it aloud. He winced as he sat up in the hospital bed, ignoring the way Happy tried to push him back down. “Of course not, Mrs. Parker,” Tony tried to keep the strain out of his voice as he sat up and slapped Happy’s hands away from him, ignoring the heated glare he got in response. “Impeccable manners your nephew has.” He saw the moment Happy came to the same conclusion as he had, the blood rapidly draining from his face as he muttered a strangled “Oh god.” “Good,” May said. There was rustling in the background and Tony tried to do the calculations as to what time it was back in New York. “When I last spoke to Peter, he said he wasn’t sure when you were coming home. I thought this conference was just for the weekend?” “It was,” Tony lied. “We hit a couple of little snags in the program. Nothing to worry about but it got pushed out a couple more days.” “Right. Okay. Sorry, Peter was a little vague on the phone. Teenagers,” May let a small chuckle. “That’s okay then. I guess. I was going to let him have Monday off anyway. This is first big trip away.” “Of course,” Tony murmured, throat going dry, avoiding Happy’s gaze. “My apologies, Mrs. Parker. I should have called you sooner.” “No, well, actually yes but I understand how busy you are,” May said. “Just, can you bring him home soon? I don’t want him missing out on too much school.” “Of course,” Tony promised promptly. “We’re actually hoping to fly out today. Tomorrow at the latest. He did really great, Mrs. Parker. Extremely well.” “That’s fantastic. I knew he was a little nervous, but he was so excited to work with you,” May said, voice sounding brighter and more relieved. “Okay. Well, just make sure that Peter sends me the flight details, so I know when to expect him.” “I’ll personally deliver him to your doorstep,” Tony assured her as the guilt made his stomach churn and his mouth fill with something foul. “Thank you, Tony,” May said. “Alright, well I’ll let you get back to it. Bye.” “Fuck,” Tony hung up the phone. “Fuck!” “Tony? What’s going on?” Rhodey asked, leaning on his elbows in the bed besides Tony’s. “Are you getting out of bed? No! Happy, lay him back down.” “No,” Tony growled, swinging his legs over the bed and ignoring the pain in his chest. “We forgot the kid.” “What kid?” Rhodey asked, concern bleeding across his features as Tony swayed on his feet. “Spider-Man,” Tony said through gritted teeth. “Happy, go fill out whatever forms to get me released. Now!” Happy nodded, swiftly exiting the room, his face as pale as Tony’s felt. “Please tell me that Spider-Man is over the age of eighteen,” Rhodey grimaced. “Do you really want me to answer that?” Tony asked, shuffling over bedside table. He yanked open a draw and found a fresh pair of clothes curtesy of Happy from earlier. “Tony,” Rhodey stressed. “I know,” Tony snapped, yanking on a pair of loose-fitting pants under the hospital gown they had put him in. “I know. He was doing this before I came along though. I didn’t force him. He could have said no but we needed him.” He pulled off the gown, tossing it behind him and yanked on a shirt, ignoring the way the simple action made his muscles ache. “It’s not your fault,” Rhodey said quietly. “I left him in a hotel room on his own,” Tony huffed. “Could have left him to die alone in Siberia,” Rhodey commented quietly. Tony hands trembled, his chest aching where Steve’s shield had dug into skin, crushing his heart. He felt as if the air had been knocked out of his lungs and replaced with the ice he had been surrounded by as Steve had walked away. “It wasn’t your fault,” Rhodey repeated, voice firm. “Neither is what happened to me.” Tony lifted his gaze to Rhodey’s legs where they laid still underneath the hospital blanket and never to be moved on their own again. Despite his best friends’ words, guilt still churned his stomach, something metallic and self-loathing coating the inside of his mouth. “I’m going to fix it,” Tony said, not just talking about Peter. “I know,” Rhodey said, looking at Tony sadly. “You’re not obligated to nor are you responsible to. I hope you know that.” Tony said nothing and Rhodey sighed loudly. “Go get the kid. And you will be introducing me to him later.” “I’m getting you transferred home too,” Tony said. “We’ll all be on the same flight so don’t get too comfortable.” Rhodey snorted, laying himself back down agai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Civil War (Marvel)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Forgotten Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Germany was a shit show
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

