Work Text:
Thor is the only Avenger radiating calm. Tony’s foot is tapping, Clint’s jaw is twitching, Bruce is absent to avoid undue stress, and even Natasha’s fingers are white where they grip the armrests of her chair. As for Steve, he’s handling the stress by furrowing his brow and crossing his arms. Across the long, SHIELD emblem-embossed conference table, the Winter Soldier is sitting and staring like all of the wary attention on him is normal.  “I need you to understand, Soldier, that this is not a request typically made by SHIELD. We do not make a practice of hiring independent contractors, especially not those with your profile.” Hill barely pauses before continuing on to her description of what an important mission this is, one that requires two world-ranked snipers rather than one world-ranked sniper and the second best that SHIELD has to offer, but the Soldier lifts his metal hand a few inches off the table to stop her while she takes a breath.She pauses, and the whole room holds its collective breath to hear the first words out of the Soldier’s covered mouth.“Profile?” he asks, more of a statement than a question.Steve feels the Soldier’s eyes on him for a chilling moment, assessing behind the dark sunglasses, before the Soldier flicks his gaze to the next Avenger. Steve remembers Clint telling Tony just this morning that wearing sunglasses inside makes you look like a douchebag, but Clint looks uncomfortable enough by the idea of working with the Soldier that Steve doubts he’ll be forthcoming about his opinions.“Your profile, Soldier,” Fury says when it becomes clear that Hill’s searching for the right words; Steve has been through several missions with Maria since SHIELD defrosted him three years ago, and he doesn’t think that he’s ever seen her so flustered. “Is that of a dangerous, unstable gun-for-hire who will go right back on the threat list as soon as you complete your work for us. You’ve been on our radar for several years, usually working for people we don’t like. We know about most, if not all, of your missions, and you’re responsible for extensive losses to SHIELD property and personnel. So you’ll have to excuse the chilly reception; the Avengers aren’t exactly doing cartwheels at the chance to work with you.”  The Soldier nods briefly and places his hand – Steve can’t stop staring at the way the overhead lights glint off the metal, and he reflexively picks up his pen and starts to sketch on the mission details in front of him – back on the table.When it becomes clear that the Soldier doesn’t intend to raise any more questions, Hill pretends the interruption didn’t happen and charges forward. Steve notices the tension in her voice as she very purposefully doesn’t rush through the mission details.  The Soldier nods when Hill or Fury look to him for confirmation, but he doesn’t say anything else.The plan is outlined: Iron Man and Thor will fly into the MODOK compound and create a destructive diversion while Captain American and the Black Widow enter the main factory from the roof and free a group of SHIELD engineers being held by AIM. Each team will have its own sniper for covering fire; Hawkeye will be in the tree line above the compound to cover Team Alpha, while the Winter Soldier covers Team Beta from the rafters. The logistics play to each sniper’s strengths, but Steve’s convinced that Tony’s tantrum about not being able to do his job with those ‘beady little psychopath eyes’ boring into the back of his helmet had also influenced the assignments.  Steve doesn’t mind having the Soldier on his six; he’d done his research before agreeing as team leader to contract the Winter Soldier, and nothing in the extensive files SHIELD keeps on the assassin suggest that he has any personal ill will towards Steve or his team. The Soldier is simply a very talented (possibly the most talented, though it’s a sore subject at the Tower) hitman whose loyalty points in the same direction that his bank account flows. Steve’s known people to do better, but he’s also known people to do worse.This doesn’t mean that it’s a pleasant experience to sit across from the man, knowing his eyes are running over Steve and his teammates, assessing strengths, weaknesses, and threats, likely thinking of at least a dozen ways to incapacitate all of them in the event that this turns out to be a trap. Steve would really like to think that he doesn’t work for the type of organization which lulls its prey into complacency with over two hours of briefings and paperwork, but he knows that he does, and, despite his trained stillness, the Soldier likely knows it too. He’s been on alert since he walked into the building, and the Avengers’ instincts have responded in turn.  But they really do need a sniper of his abilities on this mission. Apart from Clint, SHIELD doesn’t have anyone whom Steve trusts with the lives of his team; he’ll take the hired killer who’s never been known to miss his mark, no matter what people say in the b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/OMC

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Stucky - Freeform
Winter Soldier - Freeform
Captain America - Freeform
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
mercenary
abandoned buildings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/OMC

