Work Text:
Steve Rogers was a little known, but widely used, illustrator. People saw his work all the time – covers of romance novels, with busty women swooning in the arms of muscular men, or the children’s books with the colourful yellow ducklings and trees with happy faces, maybe even the occasional comic strip in a newspaper. He drew things like clip-art and advertisements, and his work was all over the world. Not work he was proud of, exactly, but it paid the bills and he got to work from home – so despite his poor health, he was able to keep a steady flow of income.He was small, sickly and prone to catch any form of flu, cold, bug or infection going around. A trip to the store would sap his energy faster than he’d have liked, but he managed. He managed his quiet life quite well, keeping his head above the water and although he didn’t take much pride in his work, he did enjoy it.That was, of course, until He moved in to the apartment next door. He was the opposite of Steve in every way. He was tall where Steve was short, muscular while Steve was small, soft dark hair to Steve’s straw-like blond. He was easy smiles and a quick laugh where Steve had a semi-permanent frown and a wheeze. Attractive where Steve was unremarkable - to the point that he’d been overlooked completely throughout his life to the extreme extent that people sometimes sat on him because they just didn’t register his existence.Steve had never spoken to him, just saw him sometimes when Steve would watch him go for a run in the morning, or maybe he’d check through the peephole in the door and see him walk past to get to his own apartment. Steve wasn’t proud that he’d spied on his neighbour, but he’d done it all the same.But worse than all of that, was the fact that he was loud.Loud laugh that Steve could easily hear through the thin walls, a laugh that was warm and comforting and all the things that made Steve ache inside his quiet apartment. Loud friends that came over almost every day and made noise and played music and reminded Steve that his only visitor in the last year had been his agent, almost 4 months previous. Loud hobbies, where he played some kind of computer game with loud explosions and had him shouting at people online in a good natured way – reminding Steve that his hobbies were non-existent.But worse than all of that – he had a loud personal life. Every single night, without fail, his headboard would start knocking through to Steve’s apartment. Not always at the same time, and not always for a long time, but every night. Steve wasn’t sure if he had a girlfriend or just hooked up a lot – there was a redheaded woman who was over a lot, and sometimes Steve could hear them really going at it, grunts and moans and the headboard keeping an irregular rhythm. Sometimes the grunts would be male, a blond guy with messy hair and muscular arms would show up and Steve knew that before he left Steve would have to put his headphones on to mask the noises.All of this had the result of reminding Steve that the condoms in his bedside drawer had a layer of dust over them, and the last time he’d so much as kissed a person had been well over three years ago when Peggy went back to London to pursue her career. He didn’t think that was a bad thing, she was happy and they kept in touch – emails and letters, but his next door neighbour seemed to make it his lifework to remind Steve that his life was… well… empty.To make Steve even more upset, was the fact that he knew his next door neighbour wasn’t doing these things on purpose. He didn’t wake up every day with the goal of being obnoxiously loud to make Steve’s life a little worse. Steve could tell he was actually a good natured man, who just had a lot of friends and a healthy, normal sex life. Steve was sitting at his desk, paper strewn around him as he worked, reading the description that the agency wanted on the cover of yet another trashy romance. They liked Steve’s work – used him a lot for this particular style of book – and always paid well. They also sent him a copy of the book when it hit the shelves, which meant that his bookshelf was made up of a fairly eclectic mix of titles ranging from ‘Fluffy Ducky On The Farm’ to ‘His Runaway Mistress’ and ‘Teen Vampire High’. The novel he’d been sent was firmly in the ‘heaving bosoms’ and ‘ripped bodices’ section of the bookstore and Steve was struggling to find his enthusiasm after getting over yet another bout of flu.Of course, because he worked from home and didn’t really need to work to any kind of set time as long as he completed his work, it was around midnight. A forgotten mug of coffee lay beside him and he wondered if he should add in a few more details to the background or just leave it, when the first ‘thump’ from the apartment next door filled the room.The thing was: Steve didn’t begrudge the guy a good sex life. It wasn’t exactly keeping Steve awake at night because he wasn’t asleep when He would start making noise. At worst it was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
pre-Winter Soldier Bucky
Misunderstandings
Neighbors
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

