Work Text:
  “Aunt May?” May looked up from the pot she had been leaning over, keeping a watchful eye on the sauce she was making up for dinner. Peter stood in the entrance of the kitchen, hands curling in the sleeves of his too large jumper. May liked to call them his sweater paws as he was always doing this whenever he wore a jumper. She wasn’t sure if he realised or not, or if it was just a habit he had developed over the years. “Hi sweetie, what’s up?” May asked. “Can Ned come over tomorrow?” Peter asked. “He’s back from visiting his Grandma, finally, and-“ “Of course,” May beamed, cutting Peter off from what would have been an unnecessary long-winded rant. “Ned’s always welcome over, you know that.” Peter bobbed his head, a small smile tugging at his lips. “Great. Thanks.” And then he was spinning around and heading back to his room. May bit her lip as she watched her nephew return to his room. Something had happened in the past week that had caused him to withdraw. He wasn’t nearly as talkative as he usually was, barely a smile on his face. May had tried to ask; was Flash getting to him? Had something happened on patrol that he didn’t want them to know about? Was he missing Ned that much? Peter had assured her that there was nothing wrong and that he was fine. A quick text to Tony had confirmed that nothing had happened on patrol, but Peter had also cancelled his weekly lab sessions with the genius, claiming that he had too many tests to study for. This was true but Peter seemed sad and May wasn’t sure that his workload was not what was bringing him down. The smoke alarm suddenly started blaring and May whipped around to see smoke pouring out of the pot. “Shit!” She switched off the stove, grabbing the nearest tea towel and started waving it in frantically over the smoke alarm in an attempt to shut it off. In the cloud of smoke that was filling their apartment she saw Peter hurry to throw open all the windows, quickly grabbing another tea towel and joined her in fanning that room as best they could. When the alarm finally shut off, May coughed and dropped the tea towel in defeat. “Pizza?” “Whatever you feel like,” Peter shrugged. May sighed heavily and reached for her phone.  May was doing the remaining dishes from last night’s dinner (the pot had been a lost cause and she had simply tossed it) when Ned arrived the next day. For the first time in over a week Peter was excited. When there was a knock on the door, Peter went flying across the apartment, yanking open the door with a flourish that had May blinking. “Dude!” Ned greeted, smiling brightly. A backpack was slung over his shoulders, a hat a top of his head, clearly going all out for the day. “Ned!” Peter pulled his best friend into a hug before dragging him into the apartment. “You’re back! Is your grandma okay?” “She’s fine,” Ned smiled. “I think this was, like, the eighteenth time she said she was going to die? She said she could hear death coming for her, but it turned out that there was a possum in her roof. Hey May!” “Hey Ned,” May turned to smile over her shoulder. “Glad to hear your Grandma is okay.” “Me too,” Ned grinned. He swung his backpack over his shoulder, unzipping it.  “Oh hey, dude, I got you something.” “You didn’t have to do that,” Peter frowned but he was looking curiously as Ned rummaged through the bag. “Of course, I did,” Ned scoffed before withdrawing a medium sized box wrapped in paper. “It’s a Death Star puzzle. Happy Birthday, dude! Sorry it’s so late.” The glass May had been washing slipped from her hand, hitting the edge of the sink and it shattered, glass spraying in all directions. Her whole body froze, a gasp escaping her lips as her heart dropped like ice in her chest. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. She had absolutely had not forgotten her nephew’s birthday. No. It wasn’t possible. “Whoa! Are you okay May?” Ned asked. “Fine,” May gasped, spinning around, back planting against this sink. Water soaked into the back of her shirt, but she ignored it, heart pounding too fast in her chest. Peter wasn’t looking at her, his gaze fixed on the present that Ned had handed over. He fidgeted, no doubt feeling the horror on her face as she stared at him, wide eyed and guiltily. “Did you cut yourself?” Peter asked, gaze flickering up briefly before he looked back at his feet. “No,” May swallowed thickly. “Peter –“ “Ned and I are going out,” Peter cut her off quickly. He placed the box on their small table before grabbing Ned and dragging him to the door. “We’ll be back later. I’m not sure when.” “Peter –“ May tried again. “I’ll be back later. Promise,” Peter said and then he pushed a confused Ned out the apartment, the door shutting with a quiet click. May wished he had slammed it. Silence rang through the apartment as May stood there in horror. “Shit!” May hissed. She weaved through the shattered glass until she reached the living room where she had tossed her phone that morning. It was right where she left it and she opened 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Precious Ned Leeds
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Belated Birthday
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Feels
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

