Chapter 1: One Sip, Bad For Me.
    




Chapter Text

The first time Peter saw Deadpool’s face, he winced. He wasn’t proud of it, and the guilt he carried from that action often followed behind him like a shadow. Peter had been in the rec room at the Avenger’s tower, sitting upside down on the crisp leather couch, his feet dangling over the back. He blocked out the angry tapping and murmured expletives of Thor and Clint playing Mario Kart, and tried to focus on the tablet in front of him.


Tony had forwarded him some information on Kingpin. Most of it he already knew, and about halfway through the files, Peter’s eyes began to glaze over the way they tend to when he’d been doing homework for too long. 


In his defense, which meant almost nothing to be honest, Peter didn’t know it was Deadpool. Not at first. The scarred and twisted face appeared on the screen like a jumpscare, and it was difficult for Peter to admit what he felt upon seeing it. Realistically, the feeling settled somewhere between startled and unsurprised. A lot of Kingpin’s associates had been roughed up, but this one was particularly affected. 


Then Peter read the file. 


Wade Wilson. Former mercenary. Known to have taken contracts for Kingpin before turning over a new leaf. Alias: Deadpool.


Peter knew in that moment that he had fucked up (unintentionally) in a way that he couldn’t come back from. He couldn’t pretend he didn’t see the rivers of scar tissue upholstering Deadpool’s face. The shriveled husks of his ears. The depth of his eyes, like ocean trenches.


Peter couldn’t forget the name, so short and simple and appropriate. 



Wade,

 he mouthed silently, shivering at the stretch of his lips around it. Clint and Thor were too engrossed in their game to notice Peter’s epiphany. He almost snapped at them, told them to quit bickering, that it was interrupting his moment, but he was paralyzed beneath the hot gaze of the mugshot. Wade’s mouth was turned up in a crooked smile, as if he could see through the liquid crystal display, and he was asking Peter, 

what are you going to do about it?







It took a month for Peter to decide that he had to come clean. His semi-nightly team-ups with Deadpool had been thick and syrupy with tension that Peter knew was one hundred percent his own fault. Every so often, while sitting on a rooftop, or strolling through a garbage riddled alley, Peter would look at the Deadpool mask too intently, constructing a motion captured rendering of Wade’s secret face atop it as the merc babbled on about the differences between Jalisco Mexican food and Cal-Mex and the pitiful attempt at Mexican food that was 

New Mexican 

food and Peter had stopped listening because he was lost in his fantasy rendering of Wade.


“Do I have something on my face?” Wade’s eyebrow raised beneath his mask, stretching the fabric. Peter knew now that Wade didn’t even have eyebrows, just two sharp bones jutting out above his lazuli eyes, his-


“Helloooo. Earth to Spider-Man!” Wade snapped his fingers in front of Peter’s face. “I don’t know why you’re staring but you’re making me, Yellow, and White uncomfortable and that’s never a good sign when those two agree on something.” 


“Sorry,” Peter mumbled. “I was just spacing out a bit. It’s been a long night.” 


“We just started.”


“I have a life outside of this, you know.” Peter crossed his arms. He was grateful for the mask. Spider-Man probably looked aloof and uninterested, unlike Peter whose face was burning hot with shame. 


“Okay, baby boy.”


Peter refused to touch his aching dick that night, haunted by the image of that gnarled face calling him 

baby boy

. It was in that agonizing moment he decided that he had to come clean, and the best way to ease the blow would be to offer Wade his own secret identity as an apology. 


It wasn’t as if Peter hadn’t thought about it before. He and Deadpool had become close through their shared evenings of patrolling and bailing one another out of even the most ridiculous situations. He just couldn’t figure out how to do it. 


Peter had never willingly told anyone that he was Spider-Man. It was easy to hide because the web-slinger was this incredible vigilante that everyone loved and Peter was just Peter, so average and unassuming and someone Deadpool probably wouldn’t look twice at. Sharing his identity with Wade would be anticlimactic at best, but it was the only way he would be able to make amends. 


The opportunity presented itself sooner than Peter would have liked, but who was he to look a gift horse in the mouth?  


Peter was only at the bar because MJ needed a wingman. Let the record show that it was possibly the worst decision she could have made because all he did was park himself at the bar and down shots of Patron while she danced with a casual, curly-cue haired woman. He was convinced she had only said it as an excuse to force him to do something fun for once. Obviously she did not need his help picking anyone up, as pro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Identity Reveal
Identity Porn
Secret Identity
Miscommunication
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Masturbation
Voyeurism
Mildly Dubious Consent
Sexual Coercion
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Semi-Public Sex
Daddy Kink
just a little
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Alcohol
Marijuana
two MJs because I said so
Mary Jane/Michelle Jones
Slut Peter Parker
Power Bottom Peter Parker
Orgasm Denial
Spanking
Non-Consensual Spanking
temporary suicide
mention of suicide
Size Kink
Size Difference

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

