Chapter 1: Here's To Someday
    




Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis had never been one to be easily shaken.  When a Norse God fell out of the sky in front of the car her, Jane and Erik were in, her first response had been to make a wise crack.  And when Greenwich became the centre of an extra-terrestrial clusterfuck, she’d simple winked at Jane before skipping off with the equipment.  Darcy was an independent and quick-thinking young woman who was in complete control of herself at all times…except now, when she was pressed against a wall by a man with his gloved hand over her mouth.--/--/--The history of soulmates changed from culture to culture, with its origins varying from Zeus splitting man in two to God deigning that each man and woman shall have a partner in life.  However it came about, soulmates were universally recognised and, although laws changed from country to country, human rights activists had succeeded in ensuring that every human had the right to seek their soulmate…And with good reason.There were many myths surrounding soulmates and how they identify themselves to each other.  Claims of words or names appearing on children’s skin were explained in the 1920’s, when it was discovered that these aptly named ‘skin signs’ were in fact caused by two non-soulmates having offspring.  The words appearance was a sign that one of the parent’s true soulmates had a child and acted as a way to ensure some sort of connection between them.  It was also noted that, in some cases, the ‘skin signs’ appeared on the closest relative, rather than a direct descendant in the case of one soulmate not having children.Soon after the First World War, a sure fire method of identifying one’s soulmate was developed due to the discovery of a large mineral deposit in Eastern Europe.  This mineral was called Animusite from the Latin ‘animus’, meaning soul.  Animusite’s properties meant that, when touched by human skin, it formed a molecular chain in a pattern unique to the individual and their soulmate.  They also found that, by combining it shortly after contact with a metal – such as gold – it transferred a print of the chain into it as a design, allowing for it to be worn as a sort of medallion or pendant.  The Animusite could then be removed and reused for another person.Expensive as the process was, it became commonplace in the mid-1930’s in countries such as the USA for men and women to have a print taken of their ‘soul chain’ and transferred into a piece of jewellery which was worn like a badge of honour on the streets – a sign that somebody was looking for you and loved you for who you were.  Official looking buildings advertised Animusite, beckoning the desperate and the depressed in to tell them that someone loved them as they relieved them of some of the weight in their wallets.--/--/--Bucky Barnes had been saving since he was seven, carefully putting away any extra money – if there was any – in the box his metal ruler for school came in.  By the time he was 20, he’d finally saved just enough for the steel dog tag he’d seen in the corner of the lavish cases since his mother had dragged him and his sister there, cooing about how beautiful some of the more intricate designs were.  He never really saw the point of looking at them; they couldn’t afford it anyway.  But after 13 years, Bucky Barnes had done it.  He’d succeeded in doing what he’d been trying to do since he was seven years old; saving enough to prove to Steve that there was someone out there for him. So, on Steve’s 19th Birthday, Bucky dragged him to the shop on the West side of Brooklyn; smiling when Steve’s eyes widened as he worked out what was going on.“Buck, tell me we’re not…” Steve hesitated, indicating at the shop door.“We’re not,” Bucky agreed.  Steve relaxed but Bucky grinned.  “But you are.”Steve’s head snapped up so fast that Bucky expected bruises where his spine pinched his skin.  God knows the kid was skinny enough.  Without another word, but grin still firmly in place, Bucky pulled open the door and pushed the blonde inside.  An older woman at the desk looked up when they entered and put on the practised smile professional sale women wore, although her smile became a little more real when she saw Bucky.“What can I do for you boys?”  Bucky lead Steve to the counter, forcing him down into the small chair in front of the woman.  He put on his best smile and turned his full attention to the woman.“Well ma’am, it’s this punk’s birthday and I was hopin’ we could get him a soul chain.”  The woman glanced down at Steve before returning her eyes to Bucky, giving him a quick sweep to establish that he wasn’t wearing a soul chain.“What about you, mister?”  Bucky shook his head, looking down and feigning a bashful smile.“Can’t afford it.  Besides,” he looked back up at her, “pretty girls prefer a mystery.”He winked and she smiled.  “I’m sure we can figure something out.”The woman pulled on a pair of gloves and reached under the counter, pulling out a smal
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

