Chapter 1: Only Living Boy in New York
    




Chapter Text
There hadn’t been many homeless people around Steve’s block lately— the temperature was dropping and there’d been an increase in enthusiasm for rousting amongst the cops. Maybe that’s why Steve noticed the man on a Monday morning, sitting back in the shadows of the alley near Steve’s shop. He was a huddled, grey man with a huddled, grey cat peeking its head out the neck of the man’s hoodie. Steve had lived in New York long enough to know that giving money to homeless people wasn’t the best use of resources in the long run, and he didn’t have much leftover after paying his bills every month. But he had a soft heart and approached the man slowly, looking as non-threatening as possible, which at his size was pretty non-threatening.The man didn’t look at him when Steve made his usual overture of coffee and a sandwich. He rose gracefully to his feet, one arm cradling the cat against his chest, the other hoisting a battered camo-print backpack.  He was wearing one thick mitten knit with an an ostentatious blue-and-white snowman pattern on his left hand. His eyes were alert. Bypassing Steve without touching him, the man strode off in the opposite direction. His walk was purposeful but unhurried. He did not look back and Steve soon lost sight of him.Two mornings later he was back, this time watching the passersby with cool deliberation. Steve gave him a small smile, hoping the guy wasn’t shove-you-off-the-train-tracks crazy, but he seemed to be nice to his cat and that gave Steve confidence. When he made his brief grocery stop at the end of the day, he added a bag of cat food to his purchases on an impulse. He found the man tucked in his usual alley, flexing and unflexing his mittened hand. The cat was pacing around the rim of a nearby dumpster. Steve approached him with the cat food held out at arms length, not wanting to spook the man while he was backed into an alley. He set the bag down and stepped back, “For your cat. It’s a good brand.”The man stared at him for a long time, his blue gaze unblinking. Steve shifted uncomfortably, “If you don’t want it that’s ok. Just say so and I’ll take it to an animal shelter or something.”The man came towards Steve with precise, deliberate steps. He crouched and took the bag in his hands, palpating it like he was testing fruit. Finally he tore the top open and sifted through the dry kibble with his bare right hand. An empty plastic shopping bag appeared from somewhere in the man’s pockets and he tipped the cat food into his own bag. He knotted it tightly using his right hand and teeth and stuck the bulging bag in his knapsack, never taking his eyes off of Steve. Steve smiled, it was not returned. The man whistled once, short and low, and the cat jumped down and sidled over to him. He lifted her carefully into the knapsack, leaving it open just enough for her to see out. Then he shouldered the backpack and- holy freaking shit thought Steve- leapt at least seven feet into the air and landed on the rim of the dumpster. From there he swung himself up onto the nearest fire escape and was scaling the building like a squirrel. Parkour be damned, two decades in Brooklyn and it was still like nothing he’d ever seen.Two nights later Steve came across something he definitely had seen in this neighborhood before. There’d been an epidemic of anti-Semitic graffiti sprayed over the whole neighborhood, and so far nothing had been effective at stopping it. And there they were- three scrawny skinheads standing around the beauty salon on the corner opposite Steve’s shop, paint cans in hand. He knew he should have called the police— that was the smart thing to do and Steve wasn’t dumb. But he was poor. And his crappy, second-hand cell phone didn’t have a battery that stayed charged for more than a few hours. He could have gone back to his shop and called from there, but by the time he did that and the cops got around to this unimportant crime in this unimportant area, the thugs would definitely be gone. Steve squared his shoulders and took a deep breath. None of the three were that much bigger than him, taller maybe but just as wiry, and he didn’t see any weapons.“Knock it off guys, people work hard enough around here. No one has extra money to spend repainting their place,” he kept his tone light and reasonable, a we’re-just-chatting tone.“Fuck off,” spat Skinhead Number One. They ignored him and continued spraying. Steve seized the leader’s elbow.“I mean it. Cut it the fuck out. Why don’t you go do something useful for a change?”Number One jerked his arm away and slapped Steve, open-handed, across the face hard enough to rattle his teeth. “Something useful like kicking your ass?” He gave Steve a shove backwards and Steve staggered into the second skinhead, largest of the three. The guy grabbed him in a half-nelson. The other two laughed and the leader sprayed fluorescent orange paint in Steve’s face. He spluttered, screwing his eyes 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern Era
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Tattoo Artist Steve
Man Out of Time
Only Tony Still Has His Powers
Veteran Sam
Burlesque Dancer Natasha
Eventual Smut
Mentions of Cancer
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Oral Sex
69 (Sex Position)
Internalized Homophobia
Period-Typical Homophobia
Frottage
Dry Humping
alexander pierce is a terrible person
Implied/Referenced Torture
shrinkyclinks
Skinny!Steve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Skinny!Steve/Winter Soldier
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers

