Chapter 1: We're the Avengers!
    


Summary:

This was it. The one they beat Thanos! Peter looked back at Mr. Stark, but didn’t see joy instead he looked sad as he stared at the gauntlet…Peter then made the same realization that Tony did.





Chapter Text

“Tony, there was no other way.”
 
“I’m sorry.”
 Those words wouldn’t leave his mind even with the impending death a few hours away. Thanos had won and now Tony was staring into the void of space. He laid down not ready to die, but accepting it.He felt the Blue Meanie lift him into the chair. She had a sadistic streak, but she wasn’t the worst person to manhandle him. His head laid against the back of the chair. Images of a certain redhead came to the forefront of his mind as he tried to sleep. Please be okay, Pep.A light began to glow in front of his eyes. Tony squinted, seeing an orange glow coming toward the ship. Great. I guess death by a meteor is a cooler way to go. He then noticed the glow fade and a beautiful blonde floating in front of him. Even in space, the women find me.  “I lost the kid.”“Tony, we lost.”Tony stopped listening to Rogers when he saw Pepper. He grabbed onto her with everything he had, which wasn’t much, and held her tight. Legitimately afraid she might turn to dust in his arms.“Tony.”“Hey, Pep.”   “I got nothing for you liar.” Tony’s anger grew every second he looked at the star-spangled jackass. If this test tube asshole would have listened to him, none of this would have happened and they could have been ready for the purple prick. His kid was gone and they wanted to go off on some suicide mission to what, lose again? “You put that on and you hide.” Tony ripped his Arc Reactor out of his chest and shoved it to Rogers before his strength left him and he collapsed onto the ground. I’m sorry, Peter.  “Tony, it can’t be undone.” Rogers spoke.Tony looked upon the larger man. He’d never seen the driven Rogers so broken and without hope. He closed his eyes and laid back against the bed. He didn’t have the energy to say anything to him so he waited until the footsteps grew further away.“Pep. Let's go somewhere. Anywhere.” There was nothing for him here now.“I know a place.” Pepper told him.  A quaint cabin next to the water was exactly what he wanted. It wasn’t what he was used to but it was remote and peaceful. Besides, he had all he needed sitting in the driver seat next to him.“This will be good, Tony. A place to heal and rest.”  Pepper reasoned as she gently squeezed his thigh. Tony smiled at her to let her know it was fine. She smiled back, then looked at him with more seriousness. “I need to tell you something.” She then pulled something out of her purse and laid it in his hand. It was a pregnancy test. “I wanted to wait until you were better to surprise you.” Tony looked at her with shock and awe. Pregnant. He was going to have a kid. Another kid. He swallowed the lump in his throat before breaking out into his trademark grin.“Of all the things you’ve given me that you peed on, this is the greatest.”Pepper rolled her eyes and smiled. There was her Tony. She pulled him into a kiss.  “Daddy, tell me a story.” The youngest Stark demanded as she settled into her bed. Tony gently tucked her in, a smile plastered on his face. Of all the things he created, this little girl was the best he ever did. No metal suit would ever top her.“Story? Alright. There once was a boy who could climb up buildings and would swing from webs. His name was 'Underoos'. He loved helping people and was a bigger ball of energy than you are after getting into Uncle Hap’s donuts. The ones he sneaks in for you that you think I don't know about.”The little girl squinted her eyes and tilted her head. She loved those sugar treats and thought Mommy and Daddy didn't know about them.“Well one day, an evil birdman tried to steal a selfless and handsome king's treasures…”   Time travel, are they insane? This wasn’t some 80s movie. The science said it wasn’t possible. Lang got lucky and now they want to waste their efforts on luck?“You ever see that old movie with the aliens?”The kid's voice filled his head. Tony focused on washing the dishes, trying to push the thoughts out when water sprayed up. He grabbed a towel and began to wipe down everything until he got to that picture. Him and his kid. The smile and the joy on his face.The Stark internship being held upside-down...  “So what was it? What made you change your mind?” Pepper asked.“It was the kid.”“You really think you can pull it off?” “I have to. He deserves it. They all do.”Pepper smiled and put her book away. She laid back against Tony's chest as he wrapped his arms around her.“Morgan’s going to go crazy when she finally meets him.” She snuggled into his arms.Tony smiled. Images of his kids finally meeting only strengthened his resolve. He was going to do this.  
I'm sorry.
Peter shot up, frantically patting himself. One minute he was dusty, now he’s okay? Did he pass out? Where was Mr. Stark?“Kid, get up.”Pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Gamora/Peter Quill
Peter Parker & Shuri & T'Challa
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Protective Michelle Jones
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
Amputation
Eye Trauma
Tony Stark Lives
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Identity Reveal
peter does the snap

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Gamora/Peter Quill
Peter Parker & Shuri & T'Challa
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

