Work Text:




Steve can’t breathe.It wakes him, the tightness in his chest, the heavy working of his lungs. He can feel a nightmare wrongness pervading every inch of his body, and he has had this nightmare—this one exactly. He knows the way of dreams: how the sleeping mind has a tendency to return to the same places, long after you’ve ceased to live in them; to populate itself with the same faces, long after they’re gone; and to whittle you down to your true image of yourself. Steve blinks gritty eyelids and stares down at the small frail thing curled beneath the covers. He knows this is not a dream. The mattress is thin beneath his bony back.He sits up and it aches. He has forgotten—without ever truly being able to forget—this ache. He can feel the irregular charge of his heartbeat within his chest, all the familiar signs. If he doesn’t calm down he could trigger an asthma attack. He forces himself to breathe: painful, soupy, and slow.He doesn’t want to look at himself, so he looks around. Part of him wants it, expects it, to be like the room SHIELD put him in to greet the 21st century with its first lie: subtly wrong, hollow, false. An approximation. But every detail is exact. The hard narrow bed he’s sitting on and the wobbly nightstand with the flower-painted water glass he always had to be careful not to knock over with his shaking hands. (It belonged to Bucky’s mother.) The quilt draped across his knees, cozy and warm and smelling, for months, still like his own apartment, not this one, even as its colorful pinwheel pattern continued to fade. (It had belonged to his mother.) The tattered damask curtain drooping slightly on its wire. Steve watches it waver under the draft that, despite Bucky’s best efforts, always seemed to creep in from somewhere, and he can’t imagine how this could be faked.Or why anyone would want to. This is not the apartment where the bulk of his memories reside. They had not lived here the longest, nor last. Just a few months in 1938, after Steve’s mother had died but before Bucky’s did, before Steve had cut back on his art classes and gotten the first of a series of jobs that had allowed him (sometimes) to pay his share of the rent. This was a temporary place, more Bucky’s than theirs. One of them had always had to take the couch, though more often than not Bucky had arranged for it to be him, losing bets to Steve on the nights when it was supposed to be Bucky’s turn for the bed, claiming it was easier for him to use the outer part of the room since he’d be sneaking in late, wink wink, and then Steve would come out in the morning and find him with his legs dangling over the edge of the—Steve’s already irregular heart catches in his chest.Softly, carefully, he pushes his mother’s quilt off his legs. He wobbles a little as he gets to his feet, his sense of balance thrown off. But muscle memory is swift in returning, and besides, he has a goal in mind now. A focus. He reaches out with small and shaking hand and pulls the curtain back.Bucky is not on the couch. Steve’s shoulders start to sag when he realizes that he can hear breathing. Rough breathing, or else his unenhanced ears probably would not be able to pick it up. Steve steps forward, and yes, there, on the ground: back against the arm of the couch, dark head bent. Steve feels warmth fill his chest and for a moment it’s almost like he’s grown back to his proper size.He can’t help himself from taking another step forward, tread intrinsically light, but the floorboards are warped and shoddy, and their creak rips through the silence. That dark head comes up, eyes flashing. The hair framing the familiar face is short and neat, the eyes themselves softer and not yet hollowed by time.  Still, Steve knows immediately who it is he is really looking at.Bucky doesn’t move. He pins Steve with his gaze, but he doesn’t move. His left hand is cradled in his lap, pink, human fingers uncurled atop the soft fabric of his pajama bottoms.Steve wets his lips. He wants to say something—wants to say so much, but this isn’t exactly going down the way he imagined, not in any of the scenarios he and Sam practiced for. All he knows is that he doesn’t want to scare Bucky away. Not, he thinks ruefully, that that’s much of a risk with him looking like this. The possible strategic advantage of that offers itself up in all its irony, and all right. Steve is happy to be weak, to be vulnerable, if it means he can fix this, if he can make this work.“Bucky,” he says softly.One last flick, and then for a moment, those eyes drop away. When Bucky looks up again, he is smiling. It’s horrifying. His eyes are bright and his mouth is curving up mischievously; it is almost, almost exactly his old smile, from before Hydra and before the war and before everything. But unlike this room, these walls, the thin pale wrists sticking out from Steve’s own pajama top—unlike all of that, it’s a false thing. A lie like SHIELD’s recovery room. A product of the 21st century.“Mornin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Time Travel
Bodyswap
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

