Work Text:
Steve Rogers never really views the things he had to do to get by before the War with any sort of shame or embarrassment.No one nowadays understands how hard it was just to survive back then, especially for two orphaned boys trying to scrape by on their own. Steve is always too sick to do most jobs and the paper route he picks up doesn’t add much to their meager income. Bucky’s the one carrying the burden of their expenses, sometimes working two or even three jobs at a time to keep them fed and clothed. Sometimes you just had to do things that were less than proper if you didn’t want to starve to death in the middle of the Depression. Steve is surprised to find out that the 21st Century is even less accepting of this than the 20th ever was.“Why is it that everyone that interviews me seems to assume I’m some ultra conservative, racist woman hater?” Steve asks Sam over a cup of coffee, sounding as utterly perplexed as he feels, “They are aware that my closest friends are you and Natasha, right? Even back during the War the Howling Commandos had a black man and someone of Japanese descent, and God rest the soul of anyone who tried to tell Peggy Carter she was somehow less capable of performing her duties just because she was a woman.”Sam gives him a sympathetic look and reaches out to squeeze his shoulder. He knows it’s hard for Steve to have to do these interviews and not be able to openly speak about how he really feels about the many issues they always question him on. He’s under the same gag order that the reputation of the Avengers cannot be smeared by a careless answer to a controversial question. In the wake of the Hydra scandal the Avengers are really the only good thing left to Shield’s name. Even Tony Stark of all people admits that it’s probably best they play things close to the chest for a while, until everything settles down with Shield and the government. It’s not so hard for most of them. No one really cares about Hawkeye’s opinions on abortion or Sam’s feelings on the goings on in Washington.But Captain America on the other hand is a different matter entirely.Sam’s pretty sure Steve is still asked at least once a month whether he’s shocked to see a black man in the White House. It doesn’t help that he’s easily the most recognizable, and the most publicly celebrated, member of the Avengers. He’s supposed to represent America after all. “What was the topic today?” Sam asks with a sigh, leaning back in his seat to study the man sitting opposite him. Steve’s face is scrunching up in distaste, and there’s a curious muscle tic at the corner of his mouth that draws Sam’s attention. It’s rare to see Steve so worked up about something, unless that something is incredibly personal. Usually that means something to do with Bucky, or Hydra. Which is why he doesn’t really expect what Steve has to say next. “They asked me about my thoughts on the Cindy LaBelle case that’s been all over the television these past few weeks,” Steve grouses, and Sam struggles to keep his face impassive, watching the way Steve’s eyes darken as he stares at his coffee.“She’s the prostitute that went to the police and filed rape charges against that doctor. Said he tried to pick her up and then beat her and raped her when she refused,” Sam replies, remembering seeing the story on the news that morning. He also remembers changing the channel in disgust when the news anchors start to discuss whether she should be filing theft charges against him, instead, and whether it’s even possible to rape a sex worker.  “Yeah, her. They kept talking at me like they were expecting me to condemn her, or chastise her, for being raped, just because she’s a prostitute. What’s so wrong with the future that they can’t even grasp what consent is?”Something flickers in Steve’s eyes then and Sam leans in a little, assessing. “I don’t know, man. I guess people just don’t understand what it’s like to be so desperate that you have to prostitute yourself. They think it’s a choice,” he says slowly, and Steve’s jaw clenches, teeth grinding together, and a quiet sort of comprehension dawns on Sam, settling heavy in his chest like a stone.“It’s never a choice. People these days don’t get what it feels like to have to do whatever it takes to survive. Sometimes you have to do things, and make sacrifices, just to find your next meal. Who are they to judge her or anyone else if they can’t even comprehend what it feels like to sink that low?” Steve tells the table, refusing to make eye contact with Sam. “They don’t realize that they’re people too, just trying to get by whichever way they can.”Sam sets his coffee down and licks his lips uncertainly, sitting up straight in his chair as he stares at the top of Steve’s head, silently willing him to look up. “Steve, did you ever-“He’s cut off by Steve abruptly standing up, the chair screeching across the wooden floors as he pulls on his coat and scarf, bundling against the chill of New York City in January. “I ne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Commission fic
Feminist Steve Rogers
implied past sexual assault
Implied Past Prostitution
Avengers Family Feelings
Protective Steve Rogers
Sex Tape
Steve Rogers: The Progressive Feminist No One Expected
Steve Rogers vs the 21st Century
Steve Feels
Steve Rogers Angst
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Fluffy Cuddle Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

