Work Text:
  Peter hadn’t really wanted it to be a big deal. It was just that, this was going to be his first big Decathlon competition since May had passed away and since living with Tony Stark permanently. It had been a few months since the funeral and Peter was slowly getting back into the swing (both figuratively and literally) of things. He had mentioned it at dinner, a casual comment to how his days had been, and Tony and Pepper they had immediately offered their support, claiming they would be there. Until the date had been posted and it turned out it was on the same day as Stark Industries launched their new medical grade Nano tech that required both Pepper and Tony to attend. Peter hadn’t been too disappointed. May had often been busy with work to be able to attend and he wasn’t the only one whose parents weren’t able to make it. And the work that Tony was doing was extremely important, work that Peter had even had some input in. But Tony had made a big deal out of it and in the next Avenger’s meeting, he had brought it up. “Next week you will all be going to Peter’s Decathlon Competition,” Tony sniffed, levelling the group with a glare as Peter blushed in his seat. “Non-negotiable.”   “Of course, we’ll be there,” Steve smiled across the conference table. “Official cheer squad,” Clint added. “I can dig it.” “We’ll get you a little cheer uniform,” Sam smirked across the table at Clint. “Get it in purple,” Clint nodded. “It’s my colour.” Something warm filled Peter’s chest as he gazed around the team, filling him with a sense of family he thought that died with May. He had blinked away tears as Tony clapped him on the shoulder, giving it a reassuring squeeze. So, when Peter had joined the rest of his Decathlon team on the stage, taking his seat between Ned and Abe, and searched the crowd for the superheros, his heart slowly sunk in his chest when he didn’t see them. He eyes flickered over each row, taking in every face but majority of them were unknown to him. He recognised Ned’s mum and one of MJ’s brothers towards the front but other than that he recognised none. He looked for any baseball cap in the crowd (because for a bunch of superheros’ they were terrible at disguising themselves as regular citizens) but there wasn’t a single one. Instead, there was an empty row of seats for where they should have been sitting. It doesn’t help that Flash is sitting in the first row, a smirk on his face and a taunt ready for the moment Peter’s steps of the stage because he knows that there is no one there to cheer Peter on. Not that Peter had been bragging about the Avengers coming but one too many snide comments from Flash had him snapping that he did have someone coming to watch him. “Dude, are you okay?” Ned asked, gently nudging him. “Fine,” Peter dropped his gaze to the buzzer on the table. “You sure?” Ned frowned. “Don’t you dare get stage fright on me now, Peter,” MJ huffed from her seat at the head of the table. “We’ve worked really hard for this. You’ve got it.” “I know,” Peter gave her a weak smile. “It’s fine. I’m fine.” Under the table, Ned squeezed his knee and Peter gave his best friend a small smile back. He took a deep breath, ignored the crowd and instead focused on the adjudicator who took her place at the podium that separated the two teams. It was easy to ignore the crowd as the competition begun. Peter lost himself in the nerves and fun that it brought, lost himself in the rhythm and the sense of familiarity that had been missing since May had died. The school they were up against were good, but Midtown was better, and Peter was thrilled to be the one to answer the winning question. He laughed in pure joy and accepted the hugs the team bestowed upon him as the crowd cheered for them. “Dude you did it!” Ned cried in his ear, giving him a shake. Peter enjoyed it and basked in the glow of winning; until he left the stage and the cold remembrance that the team hadn’t come to watch him extinguished that glow in an instant. He shuffled, scuffing his shoe against the crowd as the team’s families came to congratulate them, talking loudly over one another. He hung back, desperately searching the crowd for anyone but no matter how hard he searched, there was no one. “Looking for someone, Penis?” Flash’s sneered, a triumphant grin on his face when Peter made the mistake of turning around to look at him. “Shut up, Flash,” Peter huffed. “Come on, Penis. Introduce us. Who came to watch you?” Flash smirked. He made a point of looking around before facing Peter again. “You wouldn’t have lied to us, would you Penis Parker?” “Now I know you aren’t callin’ Peter a liar,” a familiar voice said behind Peter, a hand coming down to clamp tightly on his shoulder before he could jump to the ceiling in surprise. “And I know you didn’t just call him Penis.” Peter saw the colour drain from Flash’s face, gulping audibly and taking a step back. “N-no sir.” “Good,” Nick Fury huffed. “Because I would really hate to take ti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Nick Fury Knows All
Protective Nick Fury
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Avengers screw up

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

