Work Text:
1.When Khalida Red received the job of being Steve Rogers, freaking Captain America’s PR manager, she allowed herself several minutes of shameless fangirling before pulling herself together. She had started her PR company herself, working out of her apartment and eating ramen every night, but had quickly built up a reputation for ruthlessness, intelligence, a good head in a crisis, and quick responses to media firestorms.. She was going to be the best PR manager Steve Rogers could ask for. The first press conference out of ice was supposed to be a puff piece; the reporters, and their questions, had been carefully vetted by Khalida. Nothing difficult, nothing controversial. So of course, one of them went off script. It was near the end of the conference, and the reporter who asked it was bright faced and bushy tailed, obviously itching to make a name for himself, and afterwards Khalida would kick herself for not seeing it beforehand, and for letting him into the room. “Captain.” Rogers nodded at the reporter. God, the man was polite to a fault. It would be annoying if it wasn’t so charming. And Khalida was very happy about how charming it was. It was so much easier working with clients who were genuinely nice people. “Captain, how do you feel about America’s use of drone strikes to take out terrorist targets, and what is your response to accusations that the military is simply murdering innocent civilians?” Khalida froze. Well, fuck, there went her career. Hopefully Rogers wouldn’t know what the reporter was talking about… but no, he was leaning forward towards the mike, looking all sincere, and shit, shit, shit…“Well sir,” Rogers cleared his throat and Khalida began mentally writing her apologetic letter of resignation to SHIELD, “to be quite frank, I find the government’s lack of transparency in this matter highly alarming, along with the fact that they seem unable or unwilling to provide concrete answers to who is actually being killed in these strikes. There seems to be a lack of accountability that goes against the principles that I fought to preserve.” Rogers leaned back, leaving the reporters in stunned silence, and Khalida sent up a silent prayer of thanks to Allah that Rogers had the sense to work his military history into that little speech. That little bit of patriotism would probably save her job. Khalida walked out onto the stage from the sidelines to stand beside Rogers, the click of her heels obnoxiously loud in the room full of reporters who had clearly not yet recovered from the abrupt shift in topic. Leaning forward so the mic would pick up her voice, she concluded the conference, and thanked all of the reporters for coming, before placing a hand on Roger’s back and firmly steering him off stage, just in time for the reporters to recover and begin spluttering out follow-up questions. She took a moment to center herself and take several deep breaths before turning to Rogers, giving him her best glare, though he was giving her such strong puppy dog eyes that it was difficult to maintain. “Mr. Rogers. We spoke at length about what topics were appropriate for this interview.” The puppy dog eyes increased. How did anyone refuse this man anything?“I’m very sorry ma’am, but he asked and I couldn’t just ignore the question.” Wow. Khalida didn’t know why they’d ever bothered trying to figure out the serum that made Rogers a superhuman; they should have just focused on copying those eyes, they were a goddamn menace. “Regardless, showing such a blatant disregard for the military when you are Captain America, face of America and national icon is unacceptable. You need to follow my directions for how to present yourself, Mr. Rogers. It is very important that you are not seen at odds with the American government. The fact that you brought up your own military service at the end is the only thing that is going to stop this from being a complete disaster.” She rallied up her best glare, enjoying the way he did manage to look at least a little bit ashamed. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to start on damage control.” She turned and walked away, ignoring the growing feeling in the pit of her stomach that warned her being Captain America’s PR manager wasn’t going to be as straightforward as she had thought. It was going to be fine, she promised herself. (It wasn’t.)The history books, Khalida quickly learned, had left one important fact out about Captain America, bastion of patriotism: Captain America was also Steve Rogers, and Steve Rogers was, fundamentally, a little shit. 2.“Steve.” Khalida’s voice was full of menace as she approached where the Captain was eating his lunch in the SHIELD cafeteria. She was pleased to see him flinch slightly at the sound of her voice, whether because he knew what she was going to talk to him about, or because he was a bit intimidated by her. She hoped it was the latter, but suspected it was the former. “Ms. Red,” he greeted, as she slid onto the bench across from
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
News Media
Social Media
Feminist Themes
Twitter
Public Relations
YouTube
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers is a little shit
and a punk

fandom: 
None
