Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve Rogers believed he was adjusting to unexpectedly waking up in a new century – hell, a new millennium – much better than anyone, including himself, ever would have expected. After the massive clusterfuck that had been the Chitauri and Loki, and after the smoke, dust, and dirt of the cleanup subsided, Steve spent several weeks of leave locked up in his new apartment in DC (courtesy of SHIELD, though Steve still wasn’t certain how he felt about the entire organization) getting to know this new world he found himself in. The internet, and the local library, both proved to be valuable resources in his attempt to catch up with the 21st century. Beyond all the social and political changes that had overhauled the American cultural landscape in his time in ice, the gestures and mannerisms of the new world would often overwhelm him with their alienness (part of the reason he had clashed so viciously with Tony, he could acknowledge in retrospect, was because of how fully the man embodied this new century, and how confusing and disconcerting he found that). It was also interspersed with a judicious sprinkling of pop culture, largely thanks to the various members of the Avengers (mainly Tony) who messaged him anything they thought was absolutely necessary to understanding the modern world. Unless, of course, they choose to simply show up at his place with DVDs and popcorn in hand whenever they were in DC (since it was usually Natasha taking that particular liberty, he didn’t really mind). He found The Rocky Horror Picture Show – courtesy of Clint – both amusing and strange, even if he didn’t particularly appreciate Clint’s new insistence on calling him Rocky, but didn’t understand why Tony would have ever thought he would enjoy Inglourious Basterds – “they’re just like the Commandos!”, Tony had enthused. Natasha had got him to watch Everything is Illuminated, which made him cry, and Spirited Away, which had resulted in them marathoning every Studio Ghibli movie ever made. They had also all sat him down one night and made him watch every Captain America movie made since he went into the ice – the one from the 70s was particularly atrocious, but (and he would never admit to this) he kind of loved Guillermo del Toro’s 2004 film. Tony also kept sending him porn parodies, but after the first (horrifying) experience, he began googling the title of everything Tony sent him before watching the film. All in all, he emerged from his apartment very thankful for the internet, and feeling that even if he didn’t know everything that had happened while he was on ice, he at least had a decent grasp of it. Unfortunately, while he had gathered at least a cursory appreciation for modern celebrity culture and the paparazzi from the internet (googling his teammate’s names had turned out to be a grievous error, and he now knew far more about Tony Stark’s private life than he ever would have cared to be privy to, and had also vowed to give Bruce a really good hug the next time he saw the doctor), he really wasn’t expecting it to apply to him, and was thus thoroughly surprised and horrified the first time a cluster of photographers greeted him outside of a grocery store with flashing cameras and shouting questions. After the first couple of encounters, which consisted of Steve politely trying to answer everyone’s questions to the best of his ability, he was informed by an all-too-amused Tony Stark that really, he would probably be better off just ignoring them (it was when Natasha dryly made the same observation on their next mission, though, that he actually began to follow their advice). Still, the paparazzi were persistent (like mold, Clint offered, far too cheerfully) and Steve tried his best to be polite, and at least answer a question or two, though he wasn’t too proud to admit that he was occasionally reduced to hiding in bushes to avoid the constant onslaught. However, press conferences were still an unfortunate and necessary part of his job, especially as he was by far the most press friendly of the Avengers, and he often took lead when offering comments on the latest alien invasion/robot attack/giant sea creature appearance, though at least a couple of his teammates were often to be found hovering in the background, looking put out and cranky, their silent support nevertheless making him feel slightly better about being forced into the spotlight again and again. One of the first things SHIELD had done when he had reemerged into the world was assign him a PR manager, and while Steve might not agree with everything Ms. Red told him to say, he was a soldier, and understood the importance of presenting a united front, and as such resisted the urge to stray from the party line. Most of the time. Well, some of the time. Probably less than SHIELD would like, given that Ms. Red had long ago stopped politely correcting him and now just greeted him with an exasperated “Steve. For fuck’s sake” after leaving the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
News Media
Feminist Themes
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Protective Steve Rogers

fandom: 
None
