Chapter 1: 1. time, time is a fickle friend part one
    


Notes:
come home yesterday is a romance novel critiquing the themes and events of the MCU by focusing on Bucky Barnes. I could (and did, in fulfilment of my degree) talk about why I changed what I changed and why I chose Bucky as the MCU's titular hero Captain America for over twenty pages. please stick around and read each chapter as I put them up. ... edit: the whole story is posted now!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Once Bucky had finished getting into his uniform, he knew he ought to heft his bag and leave. He was dawdling; he'd ate a leisurely breakfast with Steve instead of hurrying thru the motions to get to his dutymaster early and in good nick. Dressed, Bucky sat on the bed and watched Steve read. 

Steve sat at the rickety table he'd tucked under his only window, his blond hair lit by the bare sunlight that made it down the dumbbell shaft. Steve's drawing supplies were shoved to one corner and overlaid by his newspapers. It was July, and Steve had a brick tucked under the window to hold it open, a paltry breeze encouraged by the open transom of the hallway door. Steve's hands were still smudged and inky from the job he'd gotten as a newspaper typesetter, leaving marks on the newspapers' edges as he turned pages. He was thinner than he'd been when Bucky had left with his draft card, but if he was telling the truth, he hadn't been sick in months. Bucky supposed it was the luck that came with a steady paycheque.

Steve's new apartment was just a room-and-a-half, a larger apartment converted into two smaller ones by a landlord trying to stretch his building's windows into as many units as he could. Steve's neighbour had a half-room too, with the other window of what used to be a small parlour. Steve lived in what must have been the smaller bedroom of the original apartment, just a door to the stairs and hall and a little radiator that clanked even in the summer. It had woken Bucky up every morning he'd been back, jolting him awake and reaching for a gun he didn't have. 

Bucky had thought his furlough might last at least a fortnight, even if he'd known he wouldn't get the month of leave he'd been promised. He'd hoped he'd have enough time here at home that he wouldn't forget how warm and safe home was once he was cold and afraid at the front again. For now, he sat on Steve's old rope mattress, twisting his hands and watching the love of his life scowl at the news. 

'We gave Britain fifty warships for a few bases in the Caribbean,' Steve reported. 'They've started construction in Newfoundland, too.' 

Bucky didn't say anything, just shrugged best he could with his elbows resting his weight on his knees. He was exhausted by the war. He didn't know when it would end; he didn't know how the world was supposed to defeat what evils were rising. The Nazis were monstrous, and rumours of an offshoot force called HYDRA had been creeping across North Africa when Bucky had gotten his notice of furlough. They were sweeping fast across Europe, so Bucky's unit had been called back too soon. It terrified him that he was going back early because things were somehow worse than they'd been. 

'Sorry,' Steve said, shutting the paper and turning away from his table to face Bucky. 'It's your last morning. We don't have to talk about what's happening.' 

Bucky forced a smile; he wanted Steve to remember him smiling, if this was really their last day, if he was going to war to die, or if he was leaving Steve here to fall deathly ill as soon as winter made that clanky radiator not enough to heat the space. Steve smiled back, climbing to his feet and crossing to Bucky. 

'I'm gonna miss you, you know,' Steve said. Bucky sat up straight to let Steve pet his hands over Bucky's hair, not mussing its neat combing. His smile felt more genuine when Steve stepped close, standing between Bucky's knees. 'I worry about you over there.'

'You don't gotta,' Bucky said, sliding his eyes away. He was home in one piece now but he was far from at peace; he knew Steve could see thru his attempts at a brave face. 'You'll cover me in ink,' Bucky pointed out as he settled his hands on Steve's waist, holding him where he stood. Steve pulled his hands back to himself and gave a small chuckle. 

'It's from setting the plates,' he said. 'It's dry by now; you're all right.' Bucky pulled Steve closer, wrapping his arms around and burying his face into Steve's shirt. He smelled a little like newspaper too, but mostly he smelled familiar: warm and sweet. 'I wish you had tonight. They told you you had tonight,' Steve complained. Bucky had been disappointed too, when his unit had been called back early. He'd been heartbroken when that early call had been made even earlier. 

'I'm sorry I'm running out on our dates,' Bucky said. Steve sighed. 

'I'm sorry we didn't have a last night together, just the two of us, for real,' Steve said. Buck
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

freeform: 
Steve Rogers as the Winter Soldier
AU
Bucky Barnes as Captain America
Polyamory
Gender Issues
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Role Reversal
Descriptions of warfare
Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Recovery
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Rumlow is creepy enough to warrant an implied sexual violence warning
Captain America: Civil War
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

