Chapter 1: Midnight Run
    


Summary:

Returning to the past and the love he had lost was a dream come true. But Steve hadn’t thought through all the implications of the move. What could he do now to salvage his disintegrating life with Peggy?Rating: Teen and UpContent Note: Sexual themes, birth control, one F bomb





Chapter Text
Leaving the gym about 2:45 a.m., Steve walked warily down the street, his hat pulled way down low. He’d left on his heavy cotton workout togs and Converse All-Stars, packed his street clothes and brogans in a canvas knapsack. The streets were sufficiently quiet that he’d taken a chance and left off the nano-mask he relied on to hide his features. Having turned onto deserted First Street, he stowed his fedora in the top of his bag, slung it over his back, and began to run north.
Though walking the few miles to the house wouldn’t take long, running would be much faster, getting him to bed that much sooner. He maintained a fast long-distance cruising pace except when he saw or heard a car approach; he didn’t run as fast as he was capable because it would have been impossible to slow to a normal speed before the anomaly was noticed. Of course, anyone who happened to look out a window, or lingered outdoors having a before-bed smoke, would see a man running the length of their street faster than an Olympic runner of the day could sprint a hundred yards. But the sleepy witness would assume they were dreaming or hallucinating, or at least anyone they told would. 
He arrived home in Columbia Heights a few minutes later, entering as quietly as possible so as not to wake Peggy or provoke the next-door dog. He shed his bag on the sofa and started to strip. 
Fresh boxers, pajamas, robe, and slippers were stacked in the bathroom to don after a quick shower. It had been one more slight adjustment, one more little detail of life that he’d forgotten: how formally people, at least in his current social class, dressed for sleeping in the late 1940s. After a honeymoon month, Peggy had seemed rather confused at his coming to bed naked, so he’d adapted to fit expectations. The night clothing seemed unnecessarily complicated. This was supposed to be a simpler time than the one he’d lived in for over a decade.
Standing under the anemic spray of the old-fashioned shower he’d rigged up in the clawfoot tub, Steve wished again he’d thought more thoroughly about what to bring with him to the past. Some minor comforts he missed from the 21st century would have been easy to carry and inconsequential if somehow discovered. A decent shower head was one of them. A modern pair of athletic shoes was another; his ankles and arches lamented the lack of well-engineered footwear. He wondered if his enhanced ability to quickly recover from such insults would someday be worn down from sheer repetition.
He dried and dressed dutifully, though annoyed at the warm layers he didn’t need. But the exercise and shower had invigorated him, and his body and mind attuned to a reason to shed the clothing again. He slipped into the bedroom where Peggy slept quietly, but was perhaps less careful than he might have been about disturbing her while getting under the covers. He was rewarded when she yawned and turned over, reaching out to stroke his shoulder. 
“What time is it?” she asked, voice crackly and dry from sleep.
“After three.”
“So late. Don’t you have class in the morning?”
“Not until ten. I’ll be fine. In fact, I wouldn’t mind staying up a little later,” he murmured as he nuzzled her neck.
She giggled drowsily and ran her hand down his arm. “You are indeed resilient. Mm, why don’t you see what you can do to make the lack of sleep worthwhile?”
“Yes ma’am. But let me make sure . . .” He reached over to his bedside table and opened the drawer. He’d remembered there were a couple of condoms left in it, but he was obviously mistaken. “Darn. Hold that thought,” he said, sitting up and putting his slippers back on. 
“Can’t we just do without this time?” she said with a hint of peevishness.
He went back to the bathroom and didn’t answer, not wanting to embark in the middle of the night on the stale discussion about when to start a family, or at least start trying. He’d already used his enrollment in art school as an argument to put off children for a couple of years. After graduation, he figured to propose that they wait until he was making a decent living as an illustrator before she cut back on her long hours at work and took leave time for pregnancies. 
What he couldn’t do was reveal exactly why she should wait. She needed to establish herself more firmly as a leader in her organization before having children. Having carefully studied her history from a vantage point decades later, he saw that the timing of marriage and family had worked out quite well for her career, in their original timeline. With his return to her in 1949, Steve had split them off from that timeline. He’d also accelerated her marriage date and preempted the h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & T'Challa
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Okoye & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Soul Stone (Marvel)
Character Death Fix
Sentient Infinity Stones (Marvel)
Magic
Near Death Experiences
Domestic Avengers
POV Alternating
Major Character Injury
Fix-It of Sorts
Friendship/Love
Love
Wakanda (Marvel)
Wakandan Technology
Friends to Lovers
Developing Friendships
Temporary Character Death
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Self-Sacrificing Steve Rogers
self-sacrificing Natasha Romanov
Angst and Feels
Some Humor
Injury Recovery
Minor Original Character(s)
Dialogue Heavy
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Holding Hands
romanogers - Freeform
Natasha Romanoff - Freeform
woo-woo
Slow Romance
open communication is sexy
overuse of food as a framing device
Captain America's Shield
Life-Affirming Sex
Enthusiastic Consent
Trust
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trust Issues
Background Relationships
Steve Rogers Can Wield Mjolnir
Applied Phlebotinum
Dubious Science
Magical Artifacts
Vibranium (Marvel)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & T'Challa
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Okoye & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

