Work Text:




The words appeared on Steve's wrist when he was six.One moment he'd been standing there, on his tiptoes, helping his ma set the table for dinner, and the next moment his left wrist was itching something fierce, worse than any rash or bug bite he'd ever had, but it didn't hurt—at least, it didn't hurt as much as it had the time he'd broken it when Hutch had pushed him down the stairs at school.
He drew his arm back to see what was wrong with it and turned his hand over to examine the inside of his wrist, where it itched the most.
Letters were forming on his skin from a pool of dark ink that looked like a bruise, but flowed down his arm like he'd spilled an inkwell and rubbed his wrist in it. As the words wrote themselves, the rest of the ink faded away, and then there was nothing but the words, neat and black on his thin wrist.
The words were printed in big block capitals—he could read those!—and Steve carefully sounded them out in a whisper:
"That's what we were about to ask you!" The last word was underlined twice.
They were his special words. He wasn't really sure what they were, except that most kids—and grown-ups, he guessed, because they probably didn't go away—had them and polite people didn't talk about them, and once you got them you always covered them. Sometimes the older kids made jokes he didn't understand. Everyone else had theirs when they were five. It was a year late, Steve knew, but he was smaller than all the other kids, so he thought maybe he'd needed to be a little bigger first.
"What's that you said, dear?" his ma asked. She'd stopped chopping the potatoes, thwack thwack thwack against the cutting board with the big knife, and she was leaning down to look at him.
"I have words," he said, and he was holding out his arm without thinking about it. "On my arm. My special words."
He held out his wrist for a little longer, and then, remembering what was right, he tucked his hand into his pocket. He hadn't been supposed to show his words like that. He wasn't supposed to show anyone, the other kids said—but it was his ma, and he had to tell his ma, didn't he?
"Oh," his ma breathed, and then she was kneeling down on the floor, hugging him, and shaking like she was going to cry. "Steven, darling, that's— that's wonderful, that is. Do you know what that means?" she asked.
He shook his head. "No."
"It means— it means there's someone out there who's going to love you," she said, and she kissed him on the cheek, wetly, like he was a baby.
Steve frowned and thought about this. "Just like you love me?"
His ma laughed, but he didn't see what was funny. "Maybe not quite like I love you, but your someone will love you all the same, in their own way. And you'll grow up, and you'll meet your special person someday. Your soulmate, they call it. And you'll know it's her—or him—because those words will be the first thing your soulmate ever says to you."
He looked down on his wrist with renewed interest. It seemed huge and wonderful and scary all at once, the idea that there was someone out there waiting for him, with Steve's own words on his—or her—wrist, maybe waiting right now, but not knowing it was him.
"My soulmate will love me?"
"Of course." She smiled. "Your da, God rest his soul, was my own true soulmate, and we fell in love the first time we laid eyes on each other. Not every man marries his soulmate, you understand. Sometimes they're only good friends. But they all love each other, every pair."
"And—" the idea occurred to him, suddenly— "does that mean I love my soulmate?"
His ma smiled again. "You will, you will. Maybe not the same way as your father and I loved each other, maybe so. You'll have to see. You'll know when you're around your soulmate. It isn't just the words. You'll both be so happy."
"Can I meet my soulmate now?" he asked, impatient.
She laughed. "It happens when it happens. You can't rush it. Now, you finish setting the table and I'll get the stew boiling and then... you can help me sew you a cuff for your wrist so that you can go out properly tomorrow, how do you like that?"
"Yes, Ma," Steve said, but he couldn't stop staring at the words, excited.




When Steve was nine, Hutch nearly pushed him down the stairs at school again. Steve staggered and held himself up against the wall so that he wouldn't fall, and when he turned he saw another boy pushing Hutch back. The other kid was someone he'd never seen, and that couldn't be right—Steve knew everyone.
"Hey," the kid yelled. "You want to pick on someone, pick on someone your own size!"
Hutch ran.
Steve stared. No one ever just helped him.
"Arnie," the kid said, grinning at him. "Arnie Roth. My family just moved here. First day of school."
"I'm Steve."
"Nice to meet you."
"I'll draw you something," he blurted out, and Arnie looked at him a little funny. Steve guessed that maybe it was a strange thing to say when you'd just met. "I like drawing things," he said. "All kinds of things. Whatever you want. You helped me out,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soul Bond
Identity Porn
Secret Identity
Pining
Drama
Romance
Action/Adventure
Early in Canon
Cap-Iron Man Big Bang 2014
Community: cap_ironman
Avengers Vol. 1 (1963)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

