Work Text:
  “Here,” Tony said, thrusting several bars into Peter’s hands. “Eat all of it.” “What is it?” Peter turned the silver wrapped bars over in his hands, looking for a brand name but the packaging was devoid of any information. “It’s a protein bar that Bruce developed for Steve to stop him from tanking after a mission,” Tony explained. “Eat.” Peter ripped open the package, peeling away the foil from the bar. On closer inspection it looked like an average protein bar and Peter took a hesitant bite, making a noise of surprise when he tasted chocolate. He stuffed the rest in his mouth, promptly ripping open the second bar as he chewed the first. When he had swallowed down the first bar, he stuffed the second one into his mouth. After finishing the second one, he felt surprisingly full. “Whoa,” Peter gasped, hands splaying across his belly. “That should keep you full until we reach the jet,” Tony smirked. They had been on a mission. Information that a Hydra base was being active had come through and the team had banded together to go and take it out. It was Peter’s second international trip with the Avengers, and he tried to keep his excitement to a minimum. They had ended up in Germany, in the middle of a remote forest where the ground was covered in snow. Karen had immediately detected the temperature drop and activated the heater, keeping Peter nice and toasty. They had no choice to land but far away from the base, in an open space that the Jet could easily fit. They had been forced to trek through the forest on foot in the icy air. The mission had gone off without a hitch. They infiltrated the base and while the Hydra agents had put up a valiant fight, they were no match for the Avengers. There were a few minor scrapes and bruises, and Peter took a hit that disabled his heater function, but it nothing that couldn’t be dealt with back on the jet. They had stopped halfway back to the jet to grab the bag of supplies that Steve had hidden along the way. The pack had included basic medical supplies, fresh water and the handy protein bars that were now making Peter feel a little sleepy. “Let’s move out,” Steve called to the group. “I hate snow,” Tony muttered as they started walking again. “You good Spider- Baby?” “Not a baby Mr. Stark,” Peter reminded his mentor, rolling his eyes behind his mask. Peter hoped they didn’t have much longer to the jet as he kept tripping on unsuspecting rocks that were covered by the snow. The more they walked; the more Peter longed for the jet. The adrenalin of the fight and the excitement of the mission had long since worn off and Peter was ready for it to be over with. “Thank god,” Sam huffed as the Jet came into view. “I don’t remember us parking it this far out.” “Why are these bases always so far out,” Scott grumbled. “Wouldn’t be much of a secret hideout if they were in downtown New York,” Natasha’s pointed out. “But much more convenient for us,” Bruce gave a wry smile. “Everybody in,” Tony called, climbing up the now extended ramp to the jet. “Let’s blow this popsicle stand.” Everyone filed in, Tony and Natasha heading straight for the controls, and got themselves settled. It didn’t take long before the ramp was retracted and they were rising into the air, heading for home. The group relaxed as the heater kicked in, bodies shivering as they fought off the remaining chill that clung to their bodies. When they were levelled in the air, Bruce started asking if anyone needed medical attention and started wrapping any wounds that needed it. “Peter, your heart rate appears to be slowing,” Karen informed, her voice filtering through his ear. “And your core temperature is dangerously low.” Karen’s voice washed over Peter, his mind hearing it but not retaining anything. He knew that it should worry him. Knew somewhere in the recess of his mind that he should be concerned that his body was feeling sluggish and slowly shutting down, but he just didn’t have the energy to care. His body sunk into his seat, head lolling as he blinked slowly at Scott who sat opposite him and was pulling on a fluffy looking jacket. “Peter, your heater is currently disabled,” Karen said. “I am unable to get it back online. You need to raise your temperature.” Peter vaguely registered that this was a bad thing, but he couldn’t do anything about it. Despite the warmth of the jet that was circulating around him, he was still so cold and the only thing he couldn’t ignore was the way his instincts were screaming at him to burrow, to get somewhere safe and warm but there was nowhere to go.   “Peter, you are not responding. As per my protocols, I have to alert Mr. Stark.” “M’ser S’ark?” Peter slurred. “Peter? Are you hurt?” Something heavy and warm clutched his shoulder; or at least Peter thought it was his shoulder, but he couldn’t entirely feel his limbs “Is he even awake?” “Someone crashed and burned.” “Bruce! Peter’s core temperature is dropping fast.” Something brushed across his face, cool air immediat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Can't Thermoregulate
Avengers Family
avengers mission
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark has grey hair
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Worried Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

