Work Text:
It’s mid-morning when the sound of a cabinet clapping shut in the kitchen rouses Bucky from sleep. Steve has already left for his run, and the Tower security is far from lacking, so he has a pretty good idea who he’s going to find when he goes to investigate. Rolling out of bed and rubbing at his eyes, Bucky stretches before pulling on the pair of Steve’s sweatpants that are slung over the chair in the corner. He yanks his hair back into a ponytail and makes his way out into the kitchen of their apartment. Bucky heaves a sigh when he sees them; Natasha, perched on the counter with a slight smirk on her lips as she observes Tony and Clint huddled around where Bucky and Steve keep their coffee machine. They all freeze and stare as he shuffles into the kitchen, pulls a bowl down from the cabinet, grabs a box of cereal, a spoon, the milk out of the fridge, and perches himself on a stool at the island counter. “We didn’t realize you were home,” Tony offers. “Clearly,” Bucky replies quietly, pouring milk over his cereal. “Swapping salt into the sugar container? That’s the best you could come up with? I thought you were some sort of genius, Stark.”“Are you going to rat us out?” Clint asks.“S’your funeral,” he mumbles around a mouthful of Corn Pops.Tony scoffs. “Please, Cap is going to laugh and give us each a playful nudge on the arm, per usual. Anything else would break his barometer for intolerable cruelty.” He pauses. “And it was Barton’s idea. I had better ones.”“Like what,” Bucky chuckles, “messing with the autocorrect on his phone again?”“Oh, come on. That one WAS genius,” Tony counters, crossing his arms and leaning against the counter.“You know it took him all of twenty seconds to figure out and fix that, though, right? He’s not an idiot.” “Yet he still only manages to text me with gibberish,” Clint says, carefully balancing the salt container. Bucky shovels another spoonful of cereal into his mouth. “That’s ‘cause he’s fucking with you.” They all stare for a moment before Clint shakes his head, pointing a finger at Bucky. “I call bullshit.”Bucky eyes them silently, and then smirks. “You guys have some pretty interesting perceptions of Steve,” he says, pointing his spoon toward them. Natasha perks up, leaning down toward him and stealing a Corn Pop from his bowl. “Why do you say that?”Bucky lowers his spoon and shrugs, then rests his elbows on the counter. “Look, my brain may be Swiss cheese, but I’ve known Steve longer than any of you. Sure, he’s a good guy, but out of the two of us, he’s the one who always went around finding trouble. You keep pulling this crap with him and eventually he’s gonna come back at you. And it won’t be fun for any of you.” He picks up his spoon and scoops up more cereal, swatting Natasha’s hand away from the bowl. “But it’s gonna be hilarious for me, so by all means, continue.”He spoons down the last bite of cereal, tilts the bowl to his mouth, gulps down the milk and shuffles over to the sink, rinsing his dishes and placing them in the washer. Natasha eyes him wearily the entire time, eyes darting between Bucky going about his mundane kitchen tasks and Clint, funneling salt into Steve’s sugar container. Bucky dries his hands and turns to leave the room.“What will he do?” she asks, eyebrows furrowed together. Bucky turns to face her, grinning as he backs out of the room with his palms up and a shrug.———Bucky’s still lounging around in sweatpants when Steve gets back from his run. He mutes the TV and tilts his head back on the sofa as Steve comes up behind him to plant a sweaty, upside-down kiss on his lips. “Coffee?” Steve asks, nuzzling Bucky’s ear. “I made some, but there’s salt in the sugar, so we have to drink it black until I go out later and buy some more.” Steve drops his head onto Bucky’s shoulder and lets out an exasperated groan when Bucky pats his hair. “I can go steal all of Tony’s if you want. I’d take it from Clint, but he uses that fake shit and I know you hate it.”Steve shakes his head, buried in Bucky’s neck. “Not worth the trouble,” he mumbles. “I’ll go with you to the store though, just gotta hop in the shower first.”  He reaches down and skims his hand up and under Bucky’s t-shirt, gives him a quick pinch in the side. “Care to join?” he asks, feeling Bucky smile into the side of his face. “Kinda have to, now that you’ve managed to rub your sweaty self all over me.” Steve huffs a laugh and shoves his head under Bucky’s chin, rubs it around and then quickly pulls away, pushing up from the sofa with a quick nudge to the back of Bucky’s head as he goes. Bucky’s still laughing as he heaves himself off the sofa and follows Steve down the hall to the bathroom, peeling his shirt off as he goes. ———A few days later Bucky comes back from a sparring session with Natasha to find Steve sitting on their living room floor surrounded by a pile of shoes. Clint’s shoes, to be precise. And, by the looks of it, just the left shoe from every pair the man owns. “Hey, Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Domestic
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
Established Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

