Work Text:
Tony woke slowly, drifting from a confused jumble of images and sounds, from a voice hissing Stark in his ear. He blinked at the steady blue glow of his bedside clock. Two am. He wriggled exerimentally; yeah, hard as a rock. He shut his eyes again, reaching for the decaying strands of the dream, Steve's face contorted into fury, using his strength carelessly, snarling curses into Tony's face as he -
No. Tony rolled onto his back and kicked the sheets down, denying himself any pressure or friction on his dick. He wasn't about to jerk off thinking of that - that warped mirror of Steve. The real Steve would never force him down, shove inside him -
Shame, whispered a treacherous voice inside him, and he slipped out of bed and grabbed yesterday's clothes from the chair. Might as well get some work done, if he wasn't going to sleep.

  He paused in the kitchen; Steve had been working here, papers neatly stacked on the table. The search for the - others. No promising leads yet, Tony would have heard. There were CDs spilling out of a folder; after a second, Tony riffled through them, and picked one out. 


  He kept the volume on the TV low, knelt on the tile so he could put his ear close to the speaker. He skipped the - most of it, the messy part. Watched as the scarred Tony Stark tried to stand, and the other Steve helped him, picked him up, spoke to him possessively, carried him out.


  Skip back to the beginning, skip the murder. Watch them scream at each other, struggle, until Stark was pinned down and the other man was unzipping his pants. Skip back, watch again as Stark was thrown to the ground.


  He rose to his feet and ejected the CD, suddenly disgusted with himself. The CD flexed in his grip; he could snap it, but there were plenty of copies and then he'd have to explain himself. He'd just put it back, and - 


  Steve was standing by the table, watching him. Too many people in this building walked like cats. Tony should've known better than to think Steve would have left his work out, he always packed it up neatly; he should've known he'd be back any minute, to see - what had he seen?


  "Tony?" he said in hushed tones. "What are you doing?"


  "Nothing," he used equally soft tones, and laid the CD down on the table. "Just - wanted to see what you were working on."


  "No. I saw what you were watching. Are you - "


  "I just had a bad dream," he interrupted, and Steve bit his lip.


  "About - "


  "Yeah. No. I just - I dreamed that he went looking for - and he found - " me, he didn't say, but Steve's face crumpled and his hand twitched, started to reach for Tony and then fell to the table.

"I'm sorry," he mumbled, and Tony put out his hand to cover Steve's.
"It's not you. I know it's not you." And better that way, because if the thought of the maniac with Steve's face holding him down for it was shattering, the thought of Steve himself doing it was beyond all words. He squeezed Steve's hand, and Steve turned his hand to squeeze back, very carefully, as if Tony's bones were brittle and might crack.
"I don't think you should watch," Steve cut his eyes to the CD, and Tony felt his cheeks burn. "I mean it - can't be healthy, right? You mustn't dwell on it, I - " he swallowed, and then Tony heard the faint sound of his teeth grinding together. "I don't like watching it either, I hate - I know it's not you, but seeing you hurt like that..."
"I dreamed it was me." Tony watched, fascinated, as the muscle in Steve's jaw twitched.
"If he'd done that to you I'd kill him," Steve said, and then his gaze flew to meet Tony's, face colouring up, expression a picture of comedic guilt. "I mean - "
"You do mean it," Tony gave him a rusty smile, pleasure flaring at the thought of Steve all fired up for revenge, swearing to hunt down whoever had hurt Tony. He wouldn't actually kill the other man, Tony was sure of that, but even making the threat - "That's sweet."
"I - oh, come here." Steve slipped his arm around Tony waist and pulled him into a hug, not one of Steve's usual enveloping bear hugs, but a gentle embrace. Tony let go of Steve's hand so he could wrap his arms around Steve's shoulders and squeeze tight, and Steve stroked his back, gently. "I worry about you, you know."
"Really?" Tony turned his head, letting his cheek brush Steve's, and heard his breath shiver at the contact. "I wish I were a big enough man to say that doesn't make me happy."
"Yeah?" And there was a sleepy fond look in Steve's eyes, a soft little crook to his mouth. "I like it when you're happy."
"You," Tony swallowed. "You make me happy, you know."
After that there was really nowhere to go but kissing, Steve's lips soft and careful, his hands touching Tony with increasing assurance but no loss of gentleness, until Tony grabbed his wrist and dragged him to the bedroom where the sheets were still tumbled and damp from Tony's dream, while Steve made doubtful noises about too soon and are you sure.
He abandoned all that once Tony h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Consent Play
Rape Role-play

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

