Chapter 1: Wallace (Bisexual)
    




Chapter Text
For Wallace, his coming out wasn’t planned.Just like his brother’s visit.He nearly dropped his jaw when he saw his brother on the doorstep. “Benjamin? What are you doing here?”“I was in the neighborhood for a farming competition. Thought I’d drop by.” His brother raised an eyebrow. “Unless you don’t have any time for your brother?”“No, no, I have time. A little warning might have been nice, but me family was just settin' down for tea anyway.” He moved aside. “Please, come in. I’ll let Willard know to bring out more cheese.”“Willard?”“Oh, I haven't told you, have I? I have a boyfriend now.”He didn’t know why his brother froze.“… What?”“You’re gay?!”“Uh, no. Bisexual.”“What does that mean? I thought you were straight!”“Um, well, it means I fancy boys the same as girls.”“So why aren’t you dating girls?”“I have! You’ve met me ex-girlfriends!”“Why aren’t you dating one now, then?!”“… Because I have a boyfriend now, obviously.”Benjamin raised an eyebrow. “I… I don’t get it…”“What is there to get?”Benjamin made a gesture that didn’t seem to mean anything. “I mean… how can you like both? And if you like girls, why not just stick with them? I mean… you know… it’s just…”“Is there something wrong with me dating a man?” Wallace asked, posture turning from relaxed to defensive.“… I mean… you are a father…” Benjamin bit his lip.“… And?”“Well… don’t you think it would be best for Gromit if he had… a maternal figure in ‘is life?”Voice cold and hard, Wallace said, “ ‘E didn’t have one when I was single and you didn’t say anything then.”“That’s different. You may have been single, but you were seeing women. I figured you’d settle down with someone and it would stop being an issue.” A pause. “And it seemed for a while I was right. Especially after you got engaged to that actress…”“The one who tried to kill me?”“I never said it was a bad thing that you broke up with that one.”“Then what are you saying? Are you saying that you don’t approve of it? Well, you might want to adjust your worldview. I wouldn't be surprised if Sarah turns out to be a lesbian, and I’m not dumpin' me boyfriend because you’re worried about ‘maternal figures’.”“Sarah,” Ben said firmly, “is just going through a phase. Sometimes little girls act like-”“She keeps staring at other little girls.” A pause. “That sounds a bit creepy. Moving on.”“Me daughter is a tomboy. Is that a crime? It doesn’t mean she’s a lesbian, and it doesn’t change the fact that you should be with a woman. Think of your son. It’s not normal for children to not have a mother.”“I am thinking of me son. I’m thinking it’s best if ‘e has two parents who love and support ‘im no matter what. And if you don’t think the same thing, that’s fine. But you either suck it up and pretend you do or you get out of me house. I won’t have you judging me boyfriend before you’ve even met ‘im.”Ben threw up his hands and huffed. “Fine. You know what, fine. I’ll be nice. Don’t you think you’re blowing this up a bit? I was only saying-”“I will make you leave.”Benjamin rolled his eyes. “Fine.”Wallace couldn’t say that this had gone well… but it could have been worse.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
