Chapter 1





Chapter Text

During the pre-production of season four of Iron Man, the network creates a list of potential guest stars to challenge Tony for his title. Out of fifty candidates, two people officially decline the invitation. The first is Reed Richards. The second is Steve Rogers.
Tony could care less about Reed. Reed has recently opened another restaurant—which specializes in molecular gastronomy—on 42nd and Madison called Baxter's. Tony has no doubt that it's as pretentious, small, and dimly lit as his first restaurant, and that it would be a waste of his time to visit. Besides, if Tony does visit, any quality the food has will be ruined the moment Reed comes out of the kitchen to gloat about opening a second restaurant before Tony, because Reed is a dick.
But Reed's refusal doesn't sting the way Steve Roger's refusal stings. Being a guest star on Iron Man is a meal ticket—pun intended—and Steve has virtually no public presence. To date, Steve's has only made two television appearances. There was the short interview he did with the network on a Up-And-Coming-Chefs segment about a year ago, as well as the stint he had making sugar cookies on the Martha Stewart Show back in November.
(In the latter, Steve been approachable and easy on the eyes in a long-sleeved blue shirt. The material had clung so tightly to his broad shoulders and rippling pectorals that watching him roll out the dough had been downright pornographic. If Tony ever finds out whose idea the blue shirt had been, he's going to send them an extremely expensive Edible Arrangement.)
Yet despite Steve's low visibility in the public eye, everyone who's anyone in the cooking world has heard of Steve Rogers. Even Pepper, who has been Tony's business partner since she graduated with her MBA from Brown, is impressed by Steve, despite his bare bones resumé. Rumor has it that Steve's mentor, Erskine, promoted Steve from kitchen-hand to line-cook to sous chef in the time span of ten months. Steve's restaurant has also won several prestigious awards since opening two years previously, including a James Beard award. Tony remains immensely skeptical.
"Tony," Pepper asks slyly, "You aren't jealous, are you?"
"Jealous?" Tony scoffs. "I have five James Beard awards, please."
Pepper, as always and with good reason, does not believe him.
Eventually, Tony's professional curiosity gets the better of him. It takes four hours to drive to D.C. from New York City on the I-95, but Tony has done crazier things in the name of food.
Much, much crazier.
Steve Rogers owns a burger joint not far from the Mall simply called Captain's. It's a huge, open space with wooden floors and brick walls and high ceilings with the steel beams exposed, and the tables are tall and free-standing, minimalistic but surprisingly comfortable. The americana ambiance is welcoming enough, Tony supposes, but the food descriptions on the single page menu scream bland. By the time Tony's waiter arrives with his burger and fries, Tony is dubious of the rave reviews Steve has received.
This is, of course, before he takes a bite.
Tony's ground beef burger is medium-rare and perfectly juicy without being greasy. The meat has been prepared with an unexpected and delicious arrangement of spices that give it heat and flavor, but without becoming overpowering. The burger is stacked high on a toasted, homemade sesame bun with melted gruyère cheese, tangy red onion, a slice of peppered tomato, and several leaves of crisp lettuce. The simplicity of all these ingredients layers a multitude of tastes so seamlessly and so masterfully that, after his first bite, Tony sets the burger back down and takes a moment to appreciate Steve's skill.
Tony has always believed that the true mark of an excellent cook isn't about what you made, but how you made it. It doesn't matter where you studied or who you worked under, but whether or not you have an innate knowledge of how tastes blend together. You had to have a palate perceptive enough to pick up on the nuances in flavors and work those nuances to your advantage. It was never about how to make a variety of increasingly difficult recipes, but understanding how to create a simple experience.
And Tony—Tony desperately wants to go back in time so he can relive this experience. It's been a long time since Tony has wanted to do that.
It's possible that Tony falls a little bit in love.
.
Tony makes a habit of visiting Captain's every third Sunday. He gets up early, dons a non-descript baseball cap and sunglasses as his foolproof disguise, and takes his most inconspicuous car out of the garage. He gets donuts and coffee on his way out of the city and listens to his favorite 80s hair bands, drumming his palms on the steering wheel as the scenery speeds by. It's always busy when Tony gets to the restaurant—the lunch rush in D.C. starts at eleven and dies around two, without any lulls during that three hour period—but he prefers it that way. No one approaches him, too fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Blow Jobs
Dirty Talk
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Shower Sex
Intercrural Sex
Rimming
Mild S&M
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Food

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

