Chapter 1: What’s broken can be mended
    




Chapter Text
Peter looked out the passenger seat window and watched the rain droplets race each other down the glass. 
He looked into the front seat at his dad as they pulled up to the school and gave him a weak smile. 
“I’ll pick you up after school, bear.” Steve said, putting the car in park and turning around to give him his full attention. “Be good on your school trip and know that I love you to the moon and back.” 
Peter smiled a little harder and took off his seatbelt to lean over in the seat to give his dad a tight hug like they always did before they parted ways. “I love you to the moon and back, dad. See you soon.” 
Steve pulled away from his kid and rubbed a thumb across his cheek. “Be good for your teachers my little man.” 
The ten year old playfully pushed his father's hands away and rolled his eyes. “I always am.” He then reached over to grab his backpack and got out of the car. “Bye, dad.” 
With a shut of the door, Peter had no idea that this was going to be the last time his life would ever be the same. 
.
.
.
Peter let out a yawn and looked over at his best friend who was sitting next to him on the school bus on the way back to their school after their trip to the science museum. 
He pulled his phone out of his pocket to check the time. It was 2:45pm and they were supposed to get back at 3:00pm yet they weren’t even close to the school. He didn’t want his dad worrying about where he was so he sent him a quick text. 
Peter: Hiii dad! we aren’t even close to the school yet:/ sorry I’ll see you soon! 
Peter held his phone in his hand as he waited for a text. 
Beside him, Ned groaned. “I’m so hungry and tired. I just want to go home and stuff my face with my mom's Mac and cheese.” 
At the thought of his best friend’s mom’s Mac and cheese, Peter’s mouth started to water. “Please don’t talk about her food. It’s so good.” 
Peter loved his dad’s cooking the best, it’s what he grew up with and what he was used to so of course he loved it but he also really loved Ned’s moms cooking. 
“Sorry. I just want to get home.” Ned said then stood up on his seat to try and see what the hold up was. 
“Me too.” Peter replied and looked down at his phone but he found no text from his dad yet. He tried not to worry about it since his dad always texted him back right away and he knew the man was waiting for him in his school parking lot already so Peter’s anxiety started to make itself known. 
“Ned, please sit down in your seat.” Mr. Paul told him so Ned immediately sat back down with another groan. 
Peter went to say something to Ned when suddenly there was a loud pop and the bus started to swerve around which caused everyone inside to start screaming. 
Peter grabbed onto Ned’s arm and felt his heart start to pound in his chest. He squeezed his eyes shut until the bus came to a stop and the kids stopped screaming. 
When he opened his eyes again, he saw that they were in the ditch on the side of the highway. Peter immediately looked down at his phone which had fallen onto the floor of the bus. 
When he went to go reach for it, Ned was grabbing onto his arm and pulling him to his feet. “Come on, Peter. We gotta go.” 
Peter tried to yank his arm away from Ned since he was so close to reaching for his phone and his only way to keep in contact with his dad but Ned was pulling him along so he had to leave it behind. 
They were rushed off the bus by the teachers and were lined up along the fence to do a headcount. Peter shivered from the dampness in the air and wrapped his arms around himself to try and keep the heat in but failing in the process. 
“What’s happening?” Peter whispered to Ned and then looked to his left to the sound of fire trucks coming. He just wanted to get back to the school so he could see his dad. 
“Listen up everyone!” The teacher yelled to get everyone’s attention. “I want everyone’s attention on me please. Once the situation is under control, we will be calling your parents and having them come to pick you up.” 
Peter practically sighed in relief. He didn’t know how long that was going to take but he hoped it wasn’t too long. 
He stood by the fence as a fire truck arrived as well as a few police cars and an ambulance to check everyone over. Peter watched as his classmates left one by one as their parents came to pick everyone up. 
Peter wasn’t sure where his dad was or why the man was taking so long to come and pick him up but he had to come any minute now so Peter kept an eye out. 
Ned’s mom pulled up in her red car that Peter had been in countless times. Ned gave him a half hug and a weak smile. “I’ll see you later. Don’t worry, your dad will be here soon.” 
Peter tried to let those words calm him down but he didn’t know why it was so hard to hear. Something had to be wrong because his dad just wouldn’t show up like this. If only he had his phone. 
There were only two other kids left so Peter walked up to one of the fire fighters and tapped on his arm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Hurt Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Pepper Potts
Peter Parker is Pepper Potts's Biological Child
Parent Pepper Potts
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Protective Morgan Stark
Protective Harley Keener
Big Brother Harley Keener
Harley Keener Needs a Hug
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Steve Rogers is evil
Emotional Manipulation
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Dark
Kidnapped Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

