Chapter 1: Peter runs out of web fluid mid-swing
    




Chapter Text
Peter didn’t know how it had happened.One moment, he was swinging around the perimeter of the battle, keeping an eye out for any villains that had managed to escape Iron Man and his team, and the next he was on the ground, breath knocked out of him, black spots dancing before his eyes, a heavy throb felt in the back of his head, obvious broken ankles - the list went on and on.The newest villain-of-the-week had tried to replicate Stark tech, and wanted to use it to take over the world for the “greater good”. Honestly, Peter was getting tired of hearing the same villain spiel over and over. It was like, what had happened to all the creative villains? Now it was just, Stark tech this and taking over the world that. So annoying.Though, Peter’s mood did a complete 180° when Tony actually let him tag along on the mission.Tony was quick to explain that this was a very low-level villain, which was the only reason he was letting Peter join himself, Rhodes, and Natasha on the battlefield, but that was fine by Peter. Though Tony only allowed him to stay around the perimeter, and gave Karen strict instructions to notify Tony if more than two villains came Peter’s way at once, he was actually fighting! With the Avengers!… Was being the key word. Now, he was lying on the street, trying to bite back nausea and waiting for the city to stop spinning above him.“Hey, kid.” Tony’s voice crackled over the com in his ear. “Good job out there. I saw you web up some of those stragglers. We got all the baddies on our end. Come on back to the rendezvous spot and we’ll discuss mission reports.”And that was it.A flicker of happiness flared to life in Peter’s chest. Good job out there. Tony was proud of him! Maybe he’d even let Peter tag along on future missions.Sure, Tony didn’t ask how Peter was doing, but Peter was actually grateful for that. If he had asked a question, Peter wouldn’t have been able to respond. His head was pounding, pain sizzled up his leg every time he twitched his toes, and he could feel blood trickling down near (what he figured was) a dislocated shoulder.You know what? This was fine. Everything was okay. He was fine. He was Spider-Man. He’d just… walk it off. Yeah. With his head pounding and vision swimming, he’d put pressure on his dislocated shoulder to push himself up until he was standing on his broken ankles, and then he’d swing to Tony. By the time he got there, he’d probably be healed anyways, right? No big deal.Peter prepared himself to move, taking a deep breath-Ow. Ow.A sharp pain flickered throughout his chest. Some kind of bruised rib or something. Okay then. No deep breaths.“Peter?” Tony’s voice came back to life in Peter’s ear, and he had to hold his breath to keep from making any pained noises. “You alright, kid?”Peter could hear the worry in his mentor’s voice. He had to respond, or Tony would - well, Peter didn’t really know. Probably put out an amber alert or something.“Yeah.” Peter grit his teeth to make sure no cries of pain or painful gasps got mixed in. “Coming.”The worry in Tony’s voice was evident. “Everything okay, Pete?”Peter made the mistake of trying to move.He let out a hiss of pain as black spots danced across his vision. The pain in his head increased tenfold. He felt like his thoughts had hardened and were physically banging against the inside of his skull. That’ll teach him for trying to move his head to the side.“Sit tight, kid. I’m coming.”The com clicked off before Peter had the chance to argue, the sudden sound of repulsors on full blast being the last thing he heard.Alright, Peter thought to himself, a heavy feeling of dread settling in his chest. Last chance to move before Tony gets here to convince him you’re okay and can help on the next mission.Peter took a few shallow breaths (learning his lesson from before to not take big ones) and prepared himself to move. On the count of three. One. Peter forced his eyes open, trying to focus on the clouds above him through the black spots. Two. He tensed his fingers in anticipation. Three. He blacked out.
• •
When Peter came to, he knew exactly where he was. He had been here many times before - the med bay. And because he had been here so many times, he knew exactly what would happen next.
Three… Two… One…
Tony came rushing into the room, right on time.“Peter, thank goodness,” he sighed, clutching a hand to his chest. Peter rolled his eyes, the action almost making him black out again. His vision went black as he fought to regain focus. When he recovered, he saw Tony sitting at the foot of his bed, facing him. He was wearing his sunglasses as he stared at Peter, but the boy could still see the stern expression Tony wore from the tightness of his lips, the flaring of his nostrils. It wasn’t hard to match his eyes to the picture. It wasn’t like Peter hadn’t seen similar disappointment in them many times before.“Don’t worry,” Peter mumbled, tongue feeling heavy and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Hurt Peter Parker
Female Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

