Work Text:
Bucky was ten and Steve was nine—and sporting a fresh black eye.“It’s swollen,” he sulked, trying to open it to no avail. Bucky reached out to touch the skin of his eyelid and Steve didn’t flinch, let him do it because it only felt numb at that point.“Yikes,” Bucky said. “Didja get the other kid back?”“Yeah,” Steve lied. The other kid must’ve been at least twelve, and he’d knocked Steve over for a reason that didn’t quite make sense to him—called him a lazy bum for sitting around drawing when there was running around to do or something—and that had turned into a fight with punching and kicking and hair pulling. And Steve hadn’t even been the one doing the hair pulling.“Does it hurt?” Bucky asked curiously, leaning down to peer into what was no doubt a mess of blue and purple and probably sickly yellow-green by now. He reached out to poke it again but Steve batted his hand away.“Nah,” he answered. “Just feels all tough—and I can’t open my eye.”He was grousing, he knew it; he was sitting on the steps like a bump on a log feeling angry and useless—he didn’t even do anything this time to get on the other side of some jerk’s fist but his ma would instantly start worrying and thinking he’d gotten the shiner because he’d been mouthing off again.He did mouth off, but that was after.“You want me to knock him around a little for you?” Bucky was asking, like he was running some kind of racket. “I know you probably got him back good,” he added, with a curious pinch to his mouth, “but he’s got some nerve pushin’ you around like that—and getting your drawings all crumpled.”“I said I took care of it, didn’t I?” he said, probably too gruffly. He knew the kid was two years older than Bucky and a lot bigger; if Bucky took a swing at him, he and Steve would have matching shiners and that was it.Bucky raised his eyebrows and looked down at him kind of—disapprovingly, like he was a grown-up and Steve was a ne’er-do-well—but then his lips quirked up in that bit-of-a-smile he always did, and he leaned in to…To press his lips to Steve’s face, right in the middle of his busted up eye. He barely felt it; it was just Bucky’s hot exhale against his forehead and the barest touch of dry lips to his bruise.It was a kiss, like he thought Steve was a baby.When Steve didn’t say anything for a while, Bucky probably thought he needed to fill up the silence. “You know, it’s… a kiss to make it better.” His whole face was going red up to the tips of his ears.“I’m not a little kid, Buck.”“I know!” Bucky said quickly. “But my ma still does it for me, so…” He was still so red, and now he was rubbing the back of his neck and Steve couldn’t help but laugh.“I guess I feel a little better,” he said, if only to make Bucky feel less awkward about being such a mom. So long as he didn’t start spitting on his hand to wipe dirt off Steve’s face, he could handle it.And maybe he honest-to-god really did feel a little better. 
 Later, before Steve’s ma could hurry him off to bed or tell Bucky to get back home before dark, Steve decided he’d get Bucky back. Not that he resented the get-well kiss, but fair’s fair, and he wanted Bucky’s face to get all red again.They were sitting together on Steve’s bed with an issue of Smilin’ Jack between them, and Bucky told him, “I better get home before supper’s cold. Or before Becca gets to it, she’s like a hoover.”He gathered his coat and made to hop off the bed, so before he could, Steve turned his head and kissed him right on the nose. It was supposed to be his cheek but he hadn’t counted on Bucky’s head being turned, and it was a little late to do anything about it now, so he pretended like he meant to do it, like it was the most normal thing in the world. “Okay,” he said, trying extra hard to keep a straight face, “bye.”For a few seconds, Bucky’s expression was perfectly blank, and Steve felt very, very silly. But then he smiled his little smile and rolled his eyes, reaching out to pinch Steve’s chin with his right hand and turn his head away. He then leaned in to press a dry, extra-fast peck on Steve’s cheek. “At least do it proper,” he said, pulling away and dropping his hand. He was smiling at him like he’d just won something, so just to be a jerk, Steve rubbed at his tingling cheek, wiping away the non-existent slobber.“Bye, Steve!” Bucky said, hopping off the bed and making for the door, just as Steve’s ma came in, likely to shoo Bucky away for the night.“Button up your coat!” she called after him as Steve sat frowning on the bed, feeling like maybe Bucky did win some kind of contest between them.“Steve, you’re red,” his ma said, walking up and placing the back of her hand on his forehead.“I’m fine,” he said, ducking away and covering his face with a pillow. 
 He woke up, bundled himself up and headed off to Bucky’s place. Steve, Bucky, his siblings, and four neighbourhood kids all formed a little group and walked to school together, holding hands with the younger ones lest they bolt into the street or sl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-War
Platonic Kissing
Fluff
Frottage

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

