Work Text:
Wade hummed to himself as he crept down the alleyway. “The itsy-bitsy spider came down the water spout…down came the rain and—”
[“The Spider and the Fly” really seems more accurate in this situation]
[No way we’re a fly! Maggots. Ugh.]“Gross,” Wade agreed. “But, yeah: ‘The way into his parlor is up a winding stair.’ What floor does Petey live on? The twentieth or something?”
[‘For who goes up his winding stair can ne’er come down again.’ That’s the relevant part here.]
“That’s what we’ve got this for,” Wade said, patting the gun at his hip. “And these.” He touched the hilts of his katana, slung on his back. [And the knife in your boot! The one that doubles as a toothpick and is totally AWESOME.]
[I’m just saying—post-orgasm? Are we really going to be in any kind of shape to take him on?]
“Point,” Wade mused. “But that tight ass—totally worth the risk.”[And we get turned on by danger like whoa!]Wade grinned. Oh, yeah. Ever since he’d learned that a lot of female spiders ate the male spider after mating, his desire to get in Spidey’s tight little suit had increased like four hundred percent or something. Of course, he didn’t know for sure that Peter harbored such instincts, but everyone knew that some weird shit went on in that apartment of his. 
[He says they’re science experiments.]
They all laughed at that. [Yeah, right!]“Nice try, baby boy.” What happened to the criminals who just kind of disappeared for a few days and then reappeared at the police station, dazed and totally confused about where they had been? Some of them still had cobwebs stuck in their hair.If Peter was in the habit of carrying off criminals and sticking them in a cocoon for a few days, he might also indulge in a little cannibalism after sex. “What a rush,” Wade whispered. Getting off with the knowledge that you were going to be a snack unless you were faster and stronger. And if he wasn’t—well, he’d regenerate, although he hadn’t thought too much on the specifics of how that would work because…
[Gross.]
[Think I’m gonna be sick…]Still. Peter was the kind of guy who’d worry about something like that. His baby boy didn’t like hurting people. He probably denied himself—couldn’t be intimate—couldn’t have sex. But with Wade, he wouldn’t have to worry. [It’s a win-win!]Yep. It might take a little to convince Peter of that, judging by the way he’d shoved Wade away when they started getting hot and heavy on the rooftops last night, mumbled something about how he couldn’t do this, and fled. 
[But we’re persuasive. And have no compunctions about breaking into his house.]
When he got to Peter’s, he didn’t bother with the front door. He’d done some reading, and he knew about how you had to be careful approaching a spider when you were courting it, tapping its web in a pattern that would signal you were a spider Casanova, all ready for some sweet loving as opposed to a tasty morsel. So Wade went over the roof and slipped right in the bedroom window. The streetlamps provided enough light so that it wasn’t pitch dark, but it still took his eyes a few seconds to adjust. But once they did…Whoa. There was webbing all over the place. It started out wider and thinner by the door but then got denser and narrower, funneling into one corner. Wade thought that he could see a darker shape over there, curled into a ball. Holding his breath, he reached out and twanged one of the threads. The vibration traveled through the web, rippling towards the center.With startling speed, the ball uncurled, sprouting two legs and two arms. Peter scuttled up the wall and onto the ceiling before freezing, uncertain what had awoken him.Wade twanged another thread and then another. “Deadpool?” Peter whispered. “Is that you, Wade?”[He remembers our name! It’s destiny!]“Yep. I’m right here, baby boy.” He grabbed one of the thicker threads and rolled it between his thumb and forefinger. “W-what are you doing?” Peter asked, his voice quavering.“Picking up where we left off. It’s not polite to cut and run after a kiss like that.” He flicked two threads in quick succession.A gasp and a low, bitten-off moan came from the corner. "Don't do that!" Peter exclaimed. “Wade—it’s dangerous—I can’t—”“Come on, baby boy.” Wade took a careful step into the web, its sticky, springy filaments bending under his weight. “You think I can’t handle myself?”“Is that a threat?” Peter asked in a breathy voice that sounded far more turned on than scared.“A promise.” Wade unsheathed the katana and laid them down, followed by the gun. “See? I’ll even make it a fair fight.” He crept a few steps closer. [You forgot the knife!]“It’s a secret. Shhhh.”“What’s a secret?” Peter asked. He had dropped down from the ceiling but was still pressed into the corner, his grey sweats slung low on his hips, eyes fixed on Wade.“If I told you, it wouldn’t be one. Duh.” Very slowly, he reached out and ran his gloved finger along the arch of Peter’s bare foot. “Oh, God.” Peter’s head thunked against the wall. “For the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman

freeform: 
Peter is more like a spider
spider mating habits
Bondage
weapons in the bedroom
Alternate Universe
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman

