Work Text:
The phone rang.It was so unexpected that it took Steve a good ten seconds to realise that it was  the phone ringing. When he did though, he jumped up from the couch he was laying on and extracted the ancient device from his pocket, ignoring the noises of surprise from around him and answering the only number that he had saved.“Tony,” he breathed, hand almost shaking and the fear that had started clawing at his insides the longer it went without the Iron Man pilot appearing on the news finally dissipating.“ Rogers ?” came the answer and the blond paused. He knew that voice, but it wasn’t Tony’s voice. It was-“Fury?”Natasha and Clint both sat up straighter, the red head motioning for him to put it on speakerphone.Steve ignored her, the sense of dread returning with a vengeance. “How did you get this number?”“ I was sent this phone and- I’m assuming this phone wasn’t meant for me then.” “No,”  agreed Steve, running a hand through his hair. “I sent it… I sent it to Tony. How… how did you get it? Is Tony okay?”There was a pause, like the older spy was considering whether to tell him the truth and how much of the truth to share. “ Put me on speaker, ”“You sent Stark a phone?” hissed Wanda, glaring at him when he pulled the phone off his ear.Steve didn’t answer her either, instead following Fury’s instructions. “You’re on speaker.”“ Good. Now: what the   hell    were you thinking?!”  Fury didn’t normally shout, but his voice was raised and thick with disappointment. Even Natasha blinked, surprised by the tone. “  Seriously, because from what I can see it looks like you weren’t!” Steve made eye contact with Sam, who was looking at him worried and stood straighter - even though Fury couldn’t see him. “The Accords were -”“ I don’t give a fuck about the Accords, Rogers!”  snapped the Director, and Steve’s mouth shut itself. “  Bucharest and then Leipzig; are you aware of how much damages you have caused in two days alone?!” The blond frowned. “Damages?”“ Yes, Rogers, damages! You see, when you attack a baseline human who was there to apprehend your little Winter Soldier with the same strength you use against aliens and robots, they tend to get  hurt!”“They were going to kill Bucky!”Fury continued like he hadn’t spoken. “ And when you collapse a tunnel on a busy road filled with civilians, Rogers? People get hurt and people   die   . Seriously, what the hell were you and Wilson thinking? You threw a man out of his car and totalled it, and didn’t even check that he didn’t get ran over! Your buddy snatched a man off a motorcycle and threw him on the road! That son of a bitch is paralysed!” That. That did make Steve pause for a moment. Because back then, during the fight, he had been on an adrenaline high, trying his best to make sure T’Challa didn’t get to Bucky.But now that he stopped and thought about it… fuck. Those people weren’t German soldiers or Chitauri or robots or Romanian police officers; those were just civilians going home or going to work, people who had no idea what was going on, people just going on with their lives.Oh, god, he was going to be sick . Sam seemed to have arrived at the same conclusion, if the expression on his face was anything to go by.“ And let’s not get started in Leipzig, where, had Stark not cleared the place beforehand, you would have killed even more people! Do you have any idea of how much property you have destroyed? The Germans and Romanians want your head on a platter, and that’s if the Nigerians don’t manage to have you extradited first!” The soldier made eye contact with Wanda, and tried to keep his expression calm. The poor girl had already started to look distressed, red seeping through her fingers.  “We were there to help people. If we hadn’t been there, even more people would have died, we-”“ That’s not flying anymore, Rogers. ” he said, voice deadly calm.It brought everyone in the room to stillness too. “Sir?”Fury sighed. “ What the hell do you think happens when an American soldier clad in the US flag goes gallivanting around the world and involves himself into fights that he wasn’t asked to join, fights that end with dead and injured civilians and way too much destroyed property? What do you think happens when   117 fucking countries    full of said civilians ask you to be held accountable for your mistakes and you say a big fuck you before going off to Europe and causing even   more    destruction? What do you think happens when the Avengers that do agree with the need for oversight end up being the ones who cause the least damages and, when faced with you, end up being the most hurt?” Steve didn’t answer, but he didn’t need to . “What happens is that people start wondering about these ‘superheroes’, start wondering if the world was a better place before you showed up.” “What? The world needs the Avengers!” “ Maybe. But right now, the world doesn’t   want    the Avengers. Or, at the very least, the world doesn’t want   you   .” It hurt. It hurt more than Steve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

freeform: 
tony is not present
but he is mentioned
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Character Death
not tony or steve
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Moral Ambiguity
tony's family would do anything for tony
Sharon Carter is Tony's cousin
The Letter
Consequences
Post-Civil War
Civil War Team Iron Man
Hurt Tony Stark
Bitterness
Nick Fury is Not Amused
he cuts his losses
nat chose Wrong
steve is morally bankrupt
Pro-Sokovia Accords
New Avengers

fandom: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

