Work Text:
  “Wow, Stark really went all out huh?” May Parker commented from the front seat of their car, peering out the windscreen as they took in the massive building before them. “Yep,” Peter bobbed his head. Every time he came to the compound he always left in awe at the amazing building and still couldn’t believe that he was allowed to be there. “Alright sweetheart,” May turned in her seat to face Peter. “You got everything? Got your suit?” “Yep,” Peter patted his backpack hugging it to his chest. “Thanks for dropping me off, Aunt May.” “You’re welcome,” May said and her gaze flicked over his shoulder, face turning into a frown. “Is that your little robot friend?” Peter turned over his shoulder, eyes widening. “DUME! What’s he doing outside?” “Looks like he’s trying to move those boxes,” May mused behind him and he could hear the amusement in her voice. “and struggling. Poor little guy.” “I should go help him,” Peter turned back around, leaned over the console and kissed his Aunts cheek. “Bye Aunt May! See you Sunday!” “Bye!” May called out to him as he stumbled out of the car. “Have a fun weekend!” Peter returned May’s enthusiastic wave as she drove off, their old car rumbling down the road until she was out of sight. He shouldered his backpack and bounded over to DUME who looked small compared to the stack of boxes he was trying to pull. “Hey DUME!” Peter greeted. DUME whirled around, claw spinning widely with series of beeps and chirps that was obviously excitement and the happiest greeting that Peter had received all week. “I missed you too,” Peter beamed. “What are you doing out here?” DUME turned back to the boxes, claw pinching the strap once more and giving it a tug. The boxes didn’t move, too heavy for the robot. There were three boxes stacked on top of one another, all bound together with a thick, industrial-looking strap. ‘HEAVY MATERIAL. DO NOT LIFT’ was stamped on the edge of the boxes in black lettering. “Are you trying to get these inside?” Peter asked, eyeing the boxes thoughtfully. DUME let out a sad little chirp. “How about I carry them for you, and you lead me to where they need to go?” Peter suggested. DUME let out a trill, dropping the strap and wheeling away. “Hold on! Wait up,” Peter cried, hurrying to the boxes. He bended his knees, wrapping his arms around the boxes and lifted. He adjusted them in his arms, fingers sticking to the box and hummed thoughtfully. “DUME! You need to grab the end of the strap again. I can’t see where I’m walking,” Peter called out. He heard DUME wheeling back and then there was a tug on the boxes and Peter started walking, letting DUME lead the way. It was slow going, DUME moving slowly, but Peter trusted that the robot wouldn’t lead him into any walls.“Hello Peter,” FRIDAY’s voice suddenly came to alive and Peter nearly jumped at the voice, not realising they had moved inside.“Hey FRIDAY,” Peter grinned behind the boxes. “How are you?” “I’m good thank you, Peter. What are you doing with those boxes?” FRIDAY asked. “I found DUME outside with them,” Peter explained, still walking forward, not entirely sure where he was going. “He was trying to move them. Do you know where they are supposed to go?” “I believe they are for the training gym,” FRIDAY said. “Cool! I hope it’s something awesome! So, is that where DUME is leading me?” Peter asked. “I believe so, yes,” FRIDAY said. “Boss is already there with the rest of the team. Would you like me to alert him that you are here?” “Sure,” Peter hummed. “Tell him I’m on my way.” Peter continued to follow DUME through the compound, excited to see his Mentor. With school, patrols and Tony busy with SI work, they hadn’t been able to see each other during the week and Peter had missed his mentor. He had gotten used to spending time with the billionaire during the week and it surprised (and it scared him a little) how much Tony was beginning to mean to him.  Peter was aware that he had some abandonment issues; what with his parents dying at an age that he still remembered them and Ben dying right in front of him. Despite that fact Tony knew about him being Spider-Man before May had (and the resulting lecture Tony had received had been both glorious and terrifying) she had encouraged their relationship, saying that Peter needed a good male role model in his life. Since May had to work most of the weekend and had agreed that Peter could spend the weekend at the compound, a knowing smile on her face. Peter could hear voices and realised that he must be getting closer to the training gym. They grew louder and louder until he was sure that he was in the same room as them. “Hey Mr. Stark!” Peter greeted from behind the boxes, still not able to see them yet. “Hey kid, you get here – what the hell are you doing?” Tony voice suddenly went sharp. “I found DUME outside with these boxes,” Peter explained. “He was trying to move them, so I said I’d carry them for him. FRIDAY said you wanted them here?” “Kid, what the – put them
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Petre Parker is Strong
Poor Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Domestic Avengers
surprised tony stark
Surprised Avengers
Hurt Peter Parker
Fluff and Humor
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker can lift
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has Issues
Worried Tony Stark
Worried Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

