Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It was a quiet evening, for both of them. Steve had prepared a simple dinner because Sir had complained about an upset stomach. Just some chicken and salad with a bit of dressing. Sir had fed it to Steve, most of his own food was left untouched. Steve remained and Sir didn’t indulge him today. Sir didn’t even indulge Steve, when he leaned on his owner’s knee, patiently waiting for the order to clean up or bring something else.
Nothing came. Instead, Sir just stood up and left the room without another word. Steve sighed as he stood up, boxing the leftovers for tomorrow before he started to clean up everything. It was routine by now. First, putting the leftovers away, then cleaning the dishes and drying them, putting them away as fast as possible, before he cleaned the kitchen and put away the kneeling pillow. 
Not that long ago, it took him almost an hour to finish everything, sometimes having to start from the beginning as it wasn’t the correct order. But nowadays, he didn’t even need to think about it anymore.
When Steve was finished and satisfied with the kitchen, he programmed the coffee machine to start at the same time when Steve would wake Sir up and made his way to the bedroom. He wasn’t surprised when Sir ignored him while studying Steve’s side of the closet.
Steve knelt down, waiting.
“I will get you new clothes tomorrow.” Sir said while pulling a tight button-down out of the closet, laying it on the sideboard next to it. Sir didn’t expect an answer and Steve didn’t give one. If Sir said he needed new clothes, then he needed new clothes. A pair of boxers and tight jeans were laid out next to the shirt.
“Get naked and get yourself hard. Don’t bother to fold them, those we’ll get rid of” Sir ordered. Still not really looking at Steve, while he compared a shirt to the button-down. Steve undressed as fast as he could while still kneeling. Sir hung the button down in the closet, finally casting Steve a look when he started to touch himself, letting out a small whimper.
“Preferences for the clothes?”
Steve shook his head, bit his lips, and swallowed a moan.
“Not too bright, Sir, please.”
Sir hummed and stepped closer to Steve, pinching his right nipple hard. Steve let out a hoarse scream, rashly putting his hands behind his back. He was hard and Sir hadn’t given him the permission to continue.
“I think I am going to get your tits pierced someday. Big enough that everyone can see them through the clothes, showing them how easy you are, how willing you can be if treated right.”
Steve whimpered and leaned his forehead against Sir’s leg. That would be a nice, a reminder that Sir could modify him however it suited Sir best.
A harsh kick between his legs let Steve double over.
“Such a good sub you are, listening to everything I say, doing everything I want, wearing whatever I choose for you. My own personal Ken Doll, only more slutty.”
Steve gasped, trying to remember what a Ken Doll was, but his brain couldn’t come up with anything. He would need to look it up in his personal time, for now, he just knelt back, looking up at Sir, both of them ignoring his leaking cock.
“I’m taking a shower. Lay out your plug on the bed and get wet enough. You’ve been a good boy, lately, earned the bed for now.”
Steve smiled and crawled to the bed, happy that he made his Sir happy.




Notes:

This chap fills the square B1 from the MCU Kink Bingo; Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom Tony Stark
Sub Steve Rogers
Hardcore
nullification
Object Penetration
Objectification
Object Insertion
Anal Sex
Anal Gaping
Anal Plug
Desperation
Watersports
Choking
Service Submission
Penectomy
Castration
Consensual Kink
Risk Aware Consensual Kink
Body Modification
consensual body modification
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Total Power Exchange
Dollification
bimbofication
Medical Procedures
Nipple Play
Nipple Piercings
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Chastity Device
Cock & Ball Torture
Cock Cages
Punishment

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

