Work Text:
Bucky tries breathing in through his nose and back out through his mouth.“We don’t have to,” says Steve. His eyes are blue and serious. “You want to,” Bucky says. “Yeah, I want to, and I also want to do a million other things, too. We could watch the game. Or catch up on the list. We still haven’t seen The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.” Bucky quirks an eyebrow at him, wry. “If you’re thinking about movies I’m not doin’ my job.” Steve huffs a laugh. “You’re doing your job fine.” His voice goes quieter. “Buck, hey. I’m just saying that if you don’t want to, I don’t want to. It’s fine. I won’t be mad. It’s up to you.” Bucky thinks this over for a second. He tries to reach back into the scrambled egg mess of his brain, think to what Steve told him, that they used to do things like this, just sometimes, just when they wanted to. Steve’s still looking right at him with those big eyes, all solemn, his mouth in a line. He’s worried as hell and bad at hiding it. Bucky raises up his left hand and touches the metal thumb to the hollow of Steve’s throat, hearing Steve’s sharp intake of breath. Stevie isn’t lying, Bucky knows; he won’t be mad. But he does want it. He wants it bad.“Why, though?” Bucky asks. He looks up a bit to Steve, and they’re standing so close in the dim light of the bedroom that their noses almost touch. “Why d’you want it?” Steve swallows and his eyes search Bucky’s face, dark now. “I just,” he says, but his voice comes out hoarse, and so he tries it again. “I just do, Buck, I want — I want you to know that I trust you. I want to give you that.”Bucky thinks this over and skims his left thumb over Steve’s adam’s apple while it bobs. His throat’s so pale and pretty. God, it’s pretty. “And I like it,” confesses Steve. “I really, Buck, I like it. But that doesn’t mean we gotta —” “Hush up,” Bucky says. “Hmm? For a second. Open your mouth.” Steve does, and Bucky swears to Christ that he can feel Steve’s heart speed up between their clothes. He shifts closer, close enough to feel Steve up against his thigh. Bucky traces his thumb around Steve’s open lips, and then he dips in and kisses him. The pressure sensors tell him Steve’s jaw is moving under his middle and index fingers. He pulls back and Steve tries to muffle the sound he makes but Bucky hears it anyway. “Okay,” Bucky murmurs. “Okay, yeah. But you gotta promise me, Stevie, if I hurt you — I can’t ever hurt you again, you understand me?““You’re not gonna hurt me. But you can tap out whenever, don’t matter. You don’t like it, we’ll stop, no questions.” “Okay,” Bucky repeats. With his right hand he reaches down to feel Steve’s cock, getting hard and hot already. He isn’t sure yet completely if he’ll like it, but he’s sure he wants to try. “Okay,” he says again, real quiet. And then he dips forward and kisses Steve’s pretty wet mouth. Loosely he curls his left hand around Steve’s neck and rests his thumb real light in the hollow of his throat, just testing it out. Steve shivers everywhere and kisses back passive and soft. He’s never like this. God damn, it usually takes Bucky hours of work before Steve’s like this. His baby’s so sweet for it tonight, and it gets Bucky hot to think about. Bucky fits his hand around Steve’s throat all the way. He keeps kissing on him, and thinks about other ways he’s rough with Steve: in ways he doesn’t mean to be, like sometimes when he talks. When the nightmares were at their worst he would break things. He also thinks about how much he likes yanking on Steve’s short hair, or holding him down by the scruff of his neck, or smacking his ass red. Steve makes a little noise because Bucky’s squeezing now, just a little, just testing it out. The joints of his hand whir and click in between the quiet sounds of kissing. He gets his right hand up under Steve’s shirt so he can feel him up, pinch his tits. When he pulls away Steve’s eyes are hooded and glassy. Bucky tightens his hand a little more and Steve makes another little sound. “What do you want, baby?” Bucky asks. Steve’s mouth is dropped open and so of course Bucky kisses him again, and then he just can’t help it, and he presses up close to Steve, settling his dick against his hip so Steve knows just what Bucky plans to do with him. “What do you want?” “Will you…?” He’s distracted. Bucky’s distracting him. “Buck, I want you in me.”Magic words. Gets his dick wet every God damn time. Bucky presses his mouth lushly to the corner of Steve’s mouth, and his cheek, and his jaw, and then he lets go of Steve’s throat so that he can tug gently on the short hairs at the back of his head. Then he gets his hands up under Steve’s shirt, and he kisses him on the mouth, again and again, and rubs at his nipples until Steve’s moaning quiet and low in his throat, his legs opening. Those curves — God damn. “Baby,” Bucky mumbles, into his mouth. “Oh, sweetheart. Alright, baby. Yeah.” “We don’t gotta,” Steve repeats, but he’s gasping already. “I want to, though,” Bucky confesses, an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Choking
Orgasm Delay
subspace Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

