Chapter 1: The Field Trip
    




Chapter Text

Beep! Beep! Beep!

Peter peeled his eyes open, trying to find the source of the incessant noise. It was a Tuesday morning, bright and early, and Peter felt like crap. His throat felt like a desert, his head throbbed with the alarm clock, and his body felt like it was submerged in ice. He couldn't stop shivering. If it had been January, he would've understood, but it was May. It was 65 degrees out, too. Peter shouldn't be cold.Rolling out of his bed, he looked around for a hoodie to put on over his pajamas. After finding one, he trudged over to the bathroom.
In the mirror, he almost scared himself. His eyes had dark circles around them, and his skin was ghostly pale. Reaching for the thermometer, he took his temperature. 101.3.Even if he wanted to go to school today, he knew his dad wouldn't let him. So, Peter kept the thermometer in his hands and went to show Tony his temperature.Tony was in the kitchen, sitting at the island with his coffee. He wasn't really a morning person, but wanted to see Peter off to school every morning.Peter slowly approached his dad, offering the thermometer to him."101.3, huh, kid? You're not going to school, if you were wondering. Let's get you something to eat and then you can go back to bed, how 'bout it?"All Peter could do was nod."Alright. We've got bananas, bagels, toaster waffles, pop-tarts, or I could whip up some scrambled eggs. What're you thinking?""Can I have eggs and a bagel? Now that I don't have to rush to school, I have the time.""Of course, kid. Coming right up!"After Peter was done eating, Tony asked "What're you gonna be missing?""Not much, I'm pretty sure I don't have any tests or labs today. I'd better be feeling better by tomorrow, though, I've got a calc quiz""Well then, let's get you to bed. How sucky are you feeling? Enough to let the fever do its thing? Or do you want some Tylenol?""Some Tylenol would be great, thanks, Dad.""No problem, kiddo. You know where it is?""Yeah, I'll get some, and then I'm gonna go back to sleep. Love you.""I love you too, Petey." Peter woke up again, slowly, around noon. He couldn't find Tony anywhere in the apartment, and he knew Pepper was working, but he still wanted to find someone. He assumed Tony was in his lab, but the lab was a bit too loud for Peter right now. He elected to go visit Pepper in her office.

As he stepped out of the elevator, still in his pajamas, he wandered towards Pepper's secretary. Peter asked Michael, Pepper's secretary, if she was busy.

"Is Pepper busy, Michael?""Nope! Head on in, Pete. I like your pajamas, too, kid." Peter looked down at his pants. He was wearing his Captain America PJs, the ones that Tony always made fun of him for. He giggled."Thanks, Mike."

Peter quietly crept into his adoptive mother's office. As much as he loved her, Peter couldn't bring himself to call her "mom" just yet, but she knew that. "Pepper" was just as much a term of endearment as "Mr. Stark" was, once upon a time.

"Hey Petey, what's up? I heard you weren't feeling well. I actually came in to check on you before I came in, and you were fast asleep. Was your nap good?"

"Yeah, Pepper, it was a pretty good nap. I'm feeling better right now, but I'm not sure if that's the Tylenol or actually being better."

"Well, in celebration of you feeling a bit better, how about you run downstairs and get us some fancy coffees? I don't have any meetings until 1:30. That'll give us a solid hour by the time you get back."

"That sounds great, Pepper! 2 caramel iced coffees, right?""You know me so well. Go ahead, I'll see you in a few minutes""Ok, love you!"

"I love you too, Peter." Peter approached the barista in the cafeteria. "2 caramel iced coffees, one decaf, one regular, please"

"Okay! Cream and sugar?"

"Only in the decaf one, please.""Ok, that'll be $5.65. Cash or card?"

"Card""Alrighty, just follow the instructions on the pad."

"Got it, thank y-" Peter was interrupted by a shout from the other side of the room.

"PETER!"

Peter turned around to find Ned waving frantically from across the room. He waved back, finished paying with his dad's card, and strolled over to Ned.

"Yo, Ned! What're you doing here?"

"My engineering class had a field trip here! I completely forgot to tell you! Why aren't you in school?"

"I woke up with a fever of 101, dude, did I forget to text you?""Yeah, bud, but it's okay. What're you doing down here then? I thought you would be staying up in the penthouse."
Peter started to reply but was cut short by the barista calling his name. He quickly went over to grab his drinks, and walked back to Ned.
"I'm getting coffees for me and Pepper. We were gonna hang out a bit because she doesn't have any meetings until 1:30."

"Oh, well then, don't let me keep you. Have fun with your coffee!""Yeah, thanks dude. See ya later? Maybe if I'm better, tomorrow we can build Legos together.""Aww yeah, I just got this new set I'm dying to show you!" Ned smiled, and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Precious Peter Parker
Sick Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

