Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Chapter One:
Lily Evans-Potter sat in the midst of the sitting room at Godric's Hallow. After what she learned, she was in abject shock. The bombshell dropped down upon her head turned her entire world upside down. It seemed absurd on the surface but there was a lot about magic that there was.There was a prophecy. Normally that wouldn't even faze her. This time the prophecy did. It dealt with the current Dark Lord that terrorized them for the past decade or more. Dumbledore told them that it had to deal with someone who would defeat him. Things had been narrowed down to two potential candidates.That's what Dumbledore told her anyway.'If Dumbledore believes it and Voldemort believes it,' Lily thought to herself. Mentally she trailed off and that thought disappeared into the distant.James returned from seeing Dumbledore off. He looked about as worn out as Lily did."So, this has been quite the night, hasn't it?" James asked. He hoped to break the tension. "So, what do you think?""I don't know," Lily said."It's either us or the Longbottoms," James told his wife. "Dumbledore thinks that it might be more likely to be us."Lily arched her eyebrow. "Did he tell you why?"Lily blew her red hair out from underneath her face. This could prove to be a bit of a nightmare."He figured that it was the case," James said. His wife's penetrating glare locked onto him caused James to slide back. "He didn't seem fit to give a reason. Dumbledore's been playing his cards closely. You know he feels that there's a spy in the Order."Lily knew that theory and wondered if Dumbledore had any ideas. There were a lot of rumors about certain people thanks to their nature. Moody in particular was checking and double checking people whenever they walked into headquarters.She would feel a lot better if the Order actually accomplished anything. Every day more of their members dropped like flies. A couple of Death Eaters got caught but they were among the lowest priority ones for him. No one he would lose sleep over was captured. They might as well be wearing red shirts as far as Lily was concerned."So, he's not going to tell us anything," Lily said, frowning.She didn't like that. Dealing with Dumbledore outside of being that Headmaster that you saw at meal times was a far more taxing experience."My parents and grandparents knew Dumbledore for years, I think that we can trust him," James answered."I hope so," Lily commented in her most brisk tone. "So, he thought of the Fidelius Charm…..""Yes, I think that it might work," James said. "And I'm sure that Sirius will be happy to be the Secret Keeper.""I'm sure he will," Lily said. She had a question in her mind. "But, why couldn't one of us be a Secret Keeper?""Dumbledore thinks that if the scope is extended outside of the house, we will be able to be protected easily," James said to his wife. He lightly rested his hand on the side of her leg."Hmm," Lily said and that was all that she said. "I see."The charm was relatively obscure and she only saw it a couple of times in passing. She wanted to research it before she entrusted her son's safety with it."So, Dumbledore is coming back tomorrow and if I can get in touch with Sirius…""We should flee the country while we have the chance," Lily said. She was so sudden and blunt that she caught James off guard.James looked at his wife like she grew two heads. "I beg your pardon?""We should get out of the country while we have the chance," Lily repeated herself. She spoke in a clear voice. There could be absolutely no mistake.James looked like he thought his wife was insane for even suggesting such a thing. "You do realize that the Ministry is passing that law where any magic user couldn't leave the country, don't you?""Yes, I realize that," Lily replied. "But the Wizengamot is not having a meeting until next week.""Yes, I know," James said. As the Head of House Potter, he had a seat where he had to sit the meetings. It was normally fifteen of the most boring hours of his life and then they didn't get anything accomplished. It was always come back tomorrow. "I don't think that fleeing is going to solve anything.""We can get out of here to the United States," Lily persisted and James looked at her. Lily wasn't done yet. "Voldemort wouldn't dare attack over there. He hasn't even expanded his scope much further into Europe. And with the Sorcerer Supreme over there….""You think that this Sorcerer Supreme is more powerful than Dumbledore is!" James snapped back.Lily didn't even hesitate to respond. "Yes.""I'm not leaving my home," James said to her firmly.Lily couldn't even begin to process how someone could be this stubborn."Our son is in danger, you'd think….""It might not even be my son, it might be the Longbottoms," James said. He sounded flustered and almost hopeful that it was someone other than his heir."I thought you said that Dumbledore knew that it might be Harry for sure.""It could be, but it couldn't be," James said, his fa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Multi

freeform: 
Lemon
Harems

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Multi

