Chapter 1: What to say to you
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
This story started 17 years ago when one Tony Stark, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, decided to finally fulfill his most secret desire: fatherhood.
          It would be an understatement to say Tony had an unconventional childhood. Being the heir to the world's largest weapons manufacturer tech company wasn’t the best environment to grow up in. Perhaps if Howard had been a caring father, or at least attentive, Tony would have come out the other end a little better off- emotionally speaking. So Tony had never known a kind childhood. Had never experienced the domestic bliss of waking up late on a Saturday morning and making waffles only to watch crappy television for the rest of the day. Never experienced the fond exasperation of being asked “How was school?” for the millionth time in a row. Never known the contentment that followed family movie nights.
          And despite what everyone knew about him, despite the air he tried so hard to exude, he hated meaningless flings. He yearned for a deeper connection but knew, deep down, that that was impossible. But he also knew that he wanted a child. A child he could raise the way he never was. Being spoiled with all the luxuries of wealth while still being loved and cared for the way every child should be.
 
          “Maybe I could find a surrogate?” Tony wondered to himself one drunk night with Rodney.
          “For what?” his friend had asked, also drunk, but not quite drunk enough to rattle on about his deepest desires.
          “I ‘wanna kid… but people suck… so maybe a sur’gate.'' 
          Now Rodney prides himself on many things, being one of the only people Tony trusts is one of them, as such, he knows many things about the man. How he hated things being handed to him, how he faked his smile for the cameras, how he had a deep-rooted insecurity of people only wanting him for his name. But through all of that, he never knew Tony wanted a kid. But he also prided himself on being the best damn friend he could be.
          “What about Pepper?” he suggested off the top of his head
          “Nah,” slurred Tony, starting to get sleepy, “she doesn't wan’ kids. ‘sides, that’d be weird,” his head slid from his hand down his arm, which was now being used as a pillow. “S’mone I don’ know.” 
 
        Fortunately for Rodney, Tony didn’t remember the conversation, meaning he could get all the necessary paperwork done under the radar and present it to Tony as a surprise.
 
          “Sir,” Jarvis announced throughout the lab, “Colonial Rhodes is here to see you,” Tony waved his approval towards the cameras, not looking up from his latest blueprint. 
          “Hey Tones,” the man said with barely contained excitement, stack of papers in hand which he set down on the island next to the snack bar.
          “What is it, honeybear? Did I forget to sign something again?” Tony still hadn't looked up from his work.
          “No.” 
          .
          .
          .
          .
          “Alright, alright fine,” Tony whined, dragging himself away from his work and walking over to the coffee machine.
          “Tones, If you had a kid would you want a boy or a girl?” Dum-E quickly wheeled over to clean up the broken mug and spilled coffee. 
          “What prompted that?” asked the genius, currently staring wide-eyed at his friend. Instead of answering, Rhodes just gestured to the stack of papers. Tony swung them around to read and after seeing ‘Your Surrogacy Plan!” printed on the top of the page, let out a small shocked laugh.
          “Just say the word and I’ll send it in.” 
          A quiet “What if I’m no good?” rang through the silence. 
          “You’ll be a great dad Tones, and you’ll have Pepper and me to help you out along the way… So, Boy or girl?” 
          “Boy, I want a boy,”
 
          Tony wiped his sweaty hands on his pants for the third time in just as many minutes. Despite the fact that he showed up early and their designated meeting time was still five minutes away, he was nervous that he’d been stood up. It’d been four months since he’d let Rohdney submit the forms to the agency, as well as a few NDA’s to ensure his private information stayed that way, and this was his third meeting with a potential surrogate.  Third time’s a charm. He thought bitterly to himself. 
          The first surrogate mother had been matched with someone else last minute due to a misunderstanding, so they’d never even got the chance to meet. The second person had been nice enough, except for the fact that (even though she signed an NDA) she had posted about it on social media right after their meeting. The only reason she wasn’t being sued into the ground right now was because the post itself was fairly vague, but Tony ultimately decided that it wouldn’t work. 
          It was while he was lost in his own thoughts that the woman snuck up o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Everyone
Loki & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Surrogate mother
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark has PTSD
Nightmares
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Ice Cream
Time Skips
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 1
Growing Up
Age of Ultron? who's she??
What's Civil war??
Thanos? never heard of her
Parent Tony Stark
Fluff and Angst
Fluff
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Cryptid Peter Parker
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
arc reactor nightlight
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Mild Language
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Bisexual Peter Parker
Trans Character
rating is for language
Dubious Science
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Asexual Character
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Author Cameo
you'll never spot me
Stan Lee Cameo
medium bro Flash Thompson
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Redemption
Hamilton References
that no one has commented on
I mean
I thought they were kind of obvious
But whatever
i'm not bitter
Loki Gets a Hug (Marvel)
like he fucking deserves

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Everyone
Loki & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

