Chapter 1: What happens in Sokovia...
    


Summary:

Nothing can go wrong with the Avengers and a certain someone raiding the same base...





Chapter Text
Daisy pressed herself further into the cobbled stone wall as an explosion rocked through the corridor of the Hydra base. Dust rained from the ceiling onto the bedraggled team of SHIELD agents. “No surrender! No surrender!”The rallying cry of the Hydra soldiers echoed around them. Hunter made a cross sign on his chest and clutched his gun. Bobbi was ahead, peering around the corner and waiting for assailants.“I swear I’m gonna kill whoever gave us that shitty surveillance report,” Hunter seethed, “Oh we’ll just be in an out, secret tunnel under a Hydra base in the middle of bloody Sokovia. They won’t even know we’re here.”“Not helping, Hunter,” Daisy grumbled, peering out the fort window. The base’s fortified shield was being pummelled with explosives from an object flying far too fast for her to make out. “My intel was good,” Bobbi defended, running back towards them, “They haven’t ordered the attack on us.”“Then who?” Daisy asked.“The Avengers,” Bobbi replied, brushing dust away from her eyes.“Selfish brutes, the lot of ‘em,” said Hunter.The heavy footfall of boots echoed further down the corridor, Daisy readied herself as two hydra soldiers appeared around the corner with guns drawn. Daisy raised an arm and quickly quaked them away. They flew violently through the air before cracking their heads against the concrete floor, guns smashing into the ground.“Coulson, the Avengers are here what are our orders?” Daisy asked into comms.“All agents retreat. Do not engage,” Coulson ordered, barely audible through the crackle of static.“Copy that,” Daisy replied, before wincing at a piercing frequency emitting from comms. She tore it out her ear before nodding to Bobbi as they backed up the way they came. They flew down winding corridors, taking down three more Hydra agents as they sprinted to freedom. They entered the last chamber, Bobbi quickly pressed on the brick to open the secret door, revealing the passage behind.A loud sound whipped through the air behind them and something or someone very fast shot past them, knocking Hunter straight to the ground. He bent over wheezing as Daisy and Bobbi hoisted him up to his feet.Daisy felt the vibrational presence of another person in the room and whipped around just in time to see one of the inhuman twins, her eyes glowing an ominous red. Her hands were crackling with red energy, which she lifted to blast towards them. Daisy lifted her arms to shield against it, manipulating the vibrations around them to create a shield. The red telekinetic energy dispersed before it hit them, but Daisy cried out from the pressure.“You two go,” Daisy ordered to Bobbi as she levelled eyes with Wanda Maximoff.“No, we’re not leaving you,” Bobbi protested.Daisy pushed them away, before sending them through the door with a quick blast. They stumbled back down the passage steps as she quaked a portion of the ceiling. She rolled out of the way as the ceiling collapsed and blocked the entrance with a pile of rubble.Wanda cocked her head curiously as she watched Daisy from the entryway.“You are not with the Avengers,” she stated.“No,” Daisy replied, “I’m an inhuman – just like you. I’m here to help you.”Wanda, to Daisy’s surprise, began to laugh – humourlessly, but a laugh all the same.“I am not an Inhuman,” she said, “and I do not want your help.”She made a snapping motion with her hands, red energy rippling across her fingers. Daisy flew backwards into the wall and barely managing to cushion herself with a quake as she slammed into the floor. She clutched her side, the breath knocked out of her and a dull ache throughout her back.She pulled herself to her feet, charging toward Wanda. Daisy pulled her fist back and launched it towards Wanda, who managed to block and grab Daisy’s arm, but Daisy kicked out and swept Wanda’s feet out from underneath her. They both toppled to the ground, Daisy moved to pin Wanda but suddenly she disappeared from beneath her hands.
She rushed to her feet. Afterlife. She was at Afterlife, the familiar red huts surrounded her, statues of random figures and the mountain range in the distance. A cool breeze blew across her face and the sun felt good on her skin. Mack stood alone in front of her, facing away from her in the middle of the empty pathway.

“Mack?” Daisy called out. 

He turned around and raised the shotgun axe in his hands, “You’re a monster!” 

“Mack? What? No,” she said, backing away. He raised the gun and she quaked him, sending him flying through the air. Suddenly she was on top of him, pinning him down, sending a quake through his chest. Horrified she looked down at her bloodied palms, this was Mack, what was she doing?

“Skye.”  

She looked up to see Ward standing in front of her. She scrambled away from Mack, on her palms as she tried to put as much distance between her and him. He was wearing 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
skye meets the avengers
First Meetings
Bisexual Skye | Daisy Johnson
Lesbian Natasha Romanov
What-If
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
BAMF Skye | Daisy Johnson
Avengers Tower
daisy and the avengers
Skye | Daisy Johnson's Superpowers
Protective Natasha Romanov
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson

