Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter's life had never been normal. Normal was never even an option. This problem, according to his dad, runs in the family. Tony Stark, the owner of one of the world's biggest companies, a famous inventor, genius, billionaire, ex-playboy, philanthropist and, of course, the Iron Man had always wanted his boy to have as normal a life as possible. Tony had kept Peter's existence a secret from the media surrounding him at all times. Each time both of them had been seen in public they had been accompanied by Tony's distant cousin from his mother's side, May Parker. She was playing the role of Peter's guardian in the outside world. Peter had always liked May. She was like a real aunt for him.Of course, this situation had never been ideal. But it still gave Peter the chance to go to a normal school, have normal friends and normal life. Well, somewhat normal. And Peter loved it, at least for the most part. He had formed a great friendship with two of his classmates. Ned Leeds and Michelle "call me MJ or else" Jones were close enough with Peter to know The secret. He was quite a bit ahead of other kids in his classes, but that didn't stop him from enjoying the experience of learning.Except right now.~^~"Did you hear that Parker? All your lies are going to be busted!"Eugene "Flash" Thompson was one of the reasons Peter loved his normal-ish life only for the most part. During his sophomore year, he had been asked by one of his classmates why he was often picked up after school by a mysterious black car. He had panicked and told Cindy Moon how he had an internship at Stark Industries. She obviously didn't keep this new information to herself. The next morning Peter found himself as the victim of a wave of disbelieving looks and comments, a majority of them coming from the self-proclaimed coolest kid of their year, Flash. That had happened now almost two years ago, and believe it or not, Flash had never grown tired of the callout, jeers and mockery still aimed at Peter. Confused by the sudden comment, Peter glanced at Ned, raising an eyebrow. He hadn't been listening to his surroundings for a good ten minutes, his mind instead focusing on the visitors he would soon have at the tower. The planet Earth had just a couple of weeks ago gotten its first inhabitants from outer space in the form of the people of Asgard. Their leader being none other than one of the Earth's mightiest heroes, Peter's dad's (previous?) teammate and in all ways adored Thor Odinson. Along with them returned not only another long-gone Avenger, Bruce Banner, but also the original cause of the whole team being formed at all. That, however, was still a secret. Even the greatest optimist of them all, Thor, didn't believe for a second that the people of Earth were ready to see his brother's face for a while yet. Not before him being just as much a victim of mind manipulation as his own victims were, was widespread knowledge."Yes, I know these are some very exciting news, but I need you to stay silent for just a couple more minutes. On my desk is a pile of papers. The Stark industries have a strict policy for the touring groups that visit there," Mr Harrington explained, smiling widely from the obvious excitement of the team. Peter turned to silently scream at his best friend. Oh, why did it always have to be him? "I need your parents to have read through these papers and you need to return the last sheet with their and your signatures before next Wednesday. Notice that one of the requirements the SI has for you to be able to take part in this tour is for you to sign an NDA form. They've also included a list of their rules and a program for your visit. The bus starts on Friday at eight o'clock sharp from the school's parking lot and we'll return to the same spot at four pm on Saturday. Don't. Be Late."And with a stern glare at Peter, Mr Harrington was finished with his speech and the class burst into wild chatter. Peter mildly wanted to burst into tears from the sheer shock this news had given him. Ned, having seemingly no social awareness whatsoever, giggled happily next to him.
"I can't believe this! We're going on a field trip to the Stark Tower! Peter, we're going to stay overnight at the Stark Tower," Ned shook Peter's shoulder in an attempt of getting a response out of the now red-faced friend of his.
"Ned..." Peter managed to squeak while being violently shaken from left to right. "You have stayed there overnight before. You literally spent there a whole ass week last summer. I live there. We are going to have a sleepover at my home, Ned," he hissed, hoping no one would hear them. No one did, everyone else being too caught up being overexcited for the upcoming trip to focus on anything else.
"But Peter, it's not the same! This is different! This time we'll be there to see the Stark Industries, not to have a weekend-long sleepover with the kid of that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Minor Bruce Banner/Thor - Relationship
Loki & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
I had to do it
Sorry Not Sorry
this is gonna be cliché af
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Field Trip
Infinity war? what's that who's he?
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Like... from the start
Comic Book Science
Minor Swearing
Should that even be tagged?
Canon in the multiverse
thanks loki!
No Team Cap
Sorry :D
sam and bucky are mentioned tho

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Minor Bruce Banner/Thor - Relationship
Loki & Stephen Strange

