Work Text:
It's a bit awkward living with your boyfriend when he still lives with his parents. And his two younger brothers. And his sort-of-maybe-spirit-twin brother. Not because any of them aren't  accepting or understanding of Teddy and his relationship with  Billy—although Tommy likes to give them enough shit about it whenever he  can, but Tommy's a dick who picks on everyone and  Teddy's good at ignoring him. And not because it's hard adjusting to a  household with more than just two people in it like he grew up with.  Even though he's always been good at adapting, Mister and Misses Kaplan  have gone above and beyond anything Teddy could ask for to make him feel  welcome and like a part of the family. Living with Billy is actually  pretty awesome in the grand scheme of things.But it's still awkward.Mostly  because Teddy is a teenage boy with a teenage boy's sex drive who is  constantly in close proximity with his teenage boyfriend with absolutely  no chance of burning off a significant amount of his pent-up, teenage sex needs because at least one member of his teenage boyfriend's family is  always going to be present in the house at any given time, and any time not spent  at home is otherwise spent superheroing or doing schoolwork or going on  dates in public with friends where stripping your boyfriend and mounting him in desperation is not  exactly going to go over well.Teddy  loves Billy, and he's grateful to have the chance to live with him  after losing his own home. But while he may be a patient dude, even he  has his limits, and he's pretty sure his balls are not only blue but  close to dropping off completely out of sheer frustration.*Technically,  Teddy's room is supposed to be the guest room at the top of the stairs  that he shares with Tommy, but he ends up in Billy's room every night  anyway (and if Billy's parents notice Teddy coming out of his room in  the mornings, neither of them mention it). But the walls in the Kaplan  home are thin, and Billy's room is right next to the brothers' and  across the hall from the parents', so even though Teddy gets to spend  every night curled up in bed with Billy, it can't go much further than  the occasional handjob under the covers because Billy is a  screamer—normally something Teddy finds very pleasant, but finds  frustrating because of their circumstances—and Teddy's weight makes the  bed start creaking loudly if he moves too much.However, one night, Billy finally comes up with a solution to their cock-blocking problem.Still  high on adrenaline after helping Spiderman fight Venom across most of  Manhattan for most of the evening, Billy grabs Teddy by the collar as  soon as they slip into his room and attacks his mouth with kisses, one  of his legs wrapping around Teddy's waist and pulling them flush  together. Teddy responds instantly, one hand going for Billy's hair and  the other grabbing him by the ass, squeezing and rubbing and roaming  and—Teddy pulls away from Billy's mouth and gasps out, "Shit, Billy, we need to stop.""What? No. Why?" Billy asks, whines, rolling his hips and rubbing his cock against Teddy's through their costumes, making Teddy groan and hiss."We  can't, t-they'll hear us," Teddy hisses, trying his best to resist the  overwhelming urge to slam Billy against the nearest piece of furniture  and rip whatever material is in the way of him fucking Billy senseless.  He's not resisting very well, and he doesn't think he can hold out much  longer. He briefly imagines Billy's parents kicking him out in the  morning after the two of them keep the entire building awake with his  groans and Billy's shouting, and decides easily that he won't regret it  at all.But  Billy is shaking his head and pulling his hands away from Teddy's neck  to turn blue and light up the room before it fades away again. "Teddy,  listen, I thought of—I have no idea why it took so damn long,  but—listen, listen, I figured something out: a quieting spell cast on  the whole room. Now no one can hear us, okay? So please, please don't stop, I need—"That's  about as far as he gets before Teddy lifts him up and tosses him on the  bed, making it squeak loudly in protest. Teddy follows after him,  climbing on top of him and kissing him hard enough to bruise. All of his  teenage boy lust is exploding out of him all at once, and he should  feel guilty as he rips Billy's costume apart, but he really doesn't care, and Billy can always magic himself some new spandex,  anyway. He doesn't stop to think about it as he zips his own costume  open and pulls his cock out, leaning down and pressing it into Billy's  bare hip, groaning at the delicious feeling of skin on skin."Billy—  Bee, I need the— I dunno where—" Teddy grunts ineffectively, but Billy  understands and his hand lights up a bright blue again."Don't need it, 's fine, please, Teddy, hurry," Billy groans when the light fades, and sure enough, when Teddy slips a finger inside Billy's hole, he finds it already lubed up and st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

freeform: 
Size Kink
size queen

fandom: 
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

