Chapter 1: This isn't your New York and these aren't your Avengers
    




Chapter Text
Despite all that’s happened in his life, Peter never considered himself to be someone who hated anyone. Aunt May and Uncle Ben had taught him that hate was a powerful emotion that would hurt him more than whoever it was he felt that way about. However, May and Ben were long since gone, along with everyone else he loved. 
He tried so hard to keep hate in check but, as he spiraled through the strange vortex, images of his last two friends Sam and Bucky being killed filled his head. The last two people he cared for had been ripped from him and Peter hated the ones responsible. Peter Parker hated The Avengers.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The feeling hadn’t always been there. The team had started off as heroes, symbols of good in a world that needed protecting from invading forces. They were everything someone could hope to be. As time went on however, things began to change and the world found itself at the mercy of those it had once loved.

How things had gotten so bad, Peter couldn’t tell you. No one knew what turned the beloved heroes from their righteous path to one of domination. Sure, plenty had tried to stand against them, but all failed.

Charles Xavier’s school had been completely wiped out and all following mutants “disappeared”. Fellow vigilante's were openly killed. Any corporation trying to create combatants to the Avengers were shut down and all connected also “disappeared”.

Norman and Harry had been amongst those people. The Avengers had made quick work of Oscorp, but not before Sam Wilson managed to snatch a pair of mechanical wings that enabled flight and, years before, Peter Parker had his DNA permanently altered by a radioactive spider on a simple field trip.

Through a coincidental series of events, the two had managed to meet and partnered up with the intent on bringing down the renegade group of, now, villains.

As the two worked in the shadows to help the people and take down various local outposts that had been set up to ensure control, the Avengers used any means possible to locate the them. Their efforts were proving fruitless as the two men hid their faces and never actually spoke to anyone. 

Word spread through the city of New York of the opposition to the rule of The Avengers, but no one offered help. No one offered, but Spider-Man and Falcon didn’t want them to either. They wouldn't allow normal citizens to fight where they would only fail.

Sam had long lost all his friends and family, and Peter lost May and Ben when The Avengers set a trap in Queens to lure him out. While all casualties hurt, this one had nearly broken him. Like a true friend, Sam stayed by his side and the two worked even harder to fight against their oppressors. 

It wasn’t until a man with a grudge and a metal arm stumbled upon them that the tides really started to shift in the vigilantes' favor.

A man by the name James Barnes joined the two men with Avengers intel. Brainwashed by the long ended Hydra, the man had struggled with regaining memories and putting his life back together. He had been appalled when, fully returning to himself, he discovered his once best friend had become so power hungry and ruthless.. 

At first Sam and Peter had been hesitant to trust the man, but after single handedly taking out two new outposts, they slowly opened up to him. It turned out to be a fantastic move as the man was an efficient ally against The Avengers, who reminded him of Hydra and all that had been taken from him.

Years of fighting between the two factions had led to lots of destruction, but the people felt a margin of safety knowing the three were doing their best to watch over and protect them.

At 26 years old, Peter was finally able to smuggle in enough materials to create a weapon that would finally end The Avengers. 

A simple bomb loaded with the right materials to destroy every cell in their bodies and anyone else in the blast range.

It was a risky move and it would require careful planning. The rather small blast area would have to be evacuated of all civilians, and someone would have to activate it manually.

The three argued over who was going to do it, when ultimately it was decided they all would do it. The plan involved Bucky and Sam leading The Avengers in while Peter readied everything. Once they were all in range, he would set off the bomb and end it all.

The plan had been working so smoothly as all the civilians were out of the way and Bucky and Sam made it to the blast zone with The Avengers on their tail. 

Peter’s grin fell however as he watched Sam fall to a direct hit from Iron Man’s repulsor that tore a hole completely through his chest. Bucky, in a strange poetic way, fell to the hands of his once best friend as Steve Rogers hit him with his shield and beat him to death with it.

Peter stood, the only member of his rag tag team left, holding the bomb. The Avengers all grinned at him as they approached. His last
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Bucky Barnes
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Peter Parker & Matt Murdock
Peter Parker & Clint Barton

freeform: 
BAMF Peter Parker
alpha/beta/omega
Pack Dynamics
polyamorous avengers
Sassy Peter Parker
Alternate Universe
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Thor

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Bucky Barnes
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Peter Parker & Matt Murdock
Peter Parker & Clint Barton

