Chapter 1: Tony is first
    




Chapter Text
The Avengers head quarters looked twice as big on the inside. The entrance hall was lined with pictures and posters of the heroes in action.  You stop at a photo of the Hulk lifting a bus over his head like it weighed nothing. 
Thor spotted you when you walked in a smaller framed woman probably a lost fan. His eyes grazed over your body taking in your curved figure in the simple jeans and button-down shirt. He noticed a envelope in your back pocket making him lick his lips. Was this the new intern. She was not supposed to be here for another week the thought of tearing your button-down shirt to shreds made his cock throb. 
You moved on to another picture of black widow crouched down shooting her gun at an alien robot. You heard footsteps behind you making you jump. You turned around at first only seeing a large chest in a cotton black shirt. You gulp looking up into Thor’s stormy blue eyes roaming over your face. 
“Are you lost?” He asks his deep voice was booming even just a few inches away. You tuck a strand of hair behind your ear pulling out the employment envelope. You had applied 3 weeks ago to be their personal intern a dream job. You were not supposed to be here for another week but, the lease on your apartment ran out pushing you into the job early. 
“I got hired to take the available intern position.” You say with a small smile watching him read over the official paper. It instructing you to empty out your apartment to move into the building making sure that you were ready to dedicate your life to helping the Avengers day and night. 
“Great Natasha has been waiting for a new woman to join the crew. She will be delighted that you are taking her responsibilities.” Thor smiled his eyes scanning over your body as he tucked the papers into his pocket. “Your room is this way.” Thor motions with his left hand putting his right hand on the small of your back. 
You arch away from his touch feeling his hand mold against your back pushing you forward slightly. You chuckle lightly picking up the pace to get away from his electrifying touch. He smiles like a predator enjoying how he affected you. He kept pressure on your body leading you deeper into the large base. 
“We where not expecting you for at least another week ______. What brings you to us early?” Thor ask looking at your jiggling breast more than your face. 
“My landlord asked me to leave early. I can find somewhere else to stay for the next week if that is a problem.” You quickly blurt not wanting to bother your new employers.
“Oh no, it’s just Steve is not here at the moment he wanted to be here to greet you. He might want some alone time to get to know you when he arrives.” The explains rubbing his hand down lower towards your butt. You blushed moving away from his hand shocked by the action. 
“Umm is my room close. I could walk there by myself. Thank you for helping me th-, “He cut you off taking a step forward inches away from your body.
“Don’t worry it’s only a few more doors. I want to make sure you get settled in.” He insists reaching up to rub your arm softly. You shudder nodding quickly just wanting to be alone for a moment. You thought being this close to a hero like him would give you butterflies for different reasons. Yet he was giving you very sexual vibes that you never anticipated. 
He pushes up forward lightly returning his hand to the small of your back. Your stomach turned feeling his large hand take up most of your back. He was quite a large man with possible the biggest hands to ever touch you. There was something about the way he held you felt sinister. Soon he stopped in front of the first open doorway dropping his hand. You took a breath relaxing as you entered the large living room area.
“This will be your apartment. Your bags have already been delivered to your room. Would you like me to show you to the bedroom.” He asks coming up behind you his hand coming up to your shoulder moving your hair. His right hand laid on your shoulder as the other ran along your neck sending a shiver down your body. 
“N-No I got it. I need to use the bathroom!” You blurt bolting out of his touch towards the first open door you could see. You ended up in the kitchen looking around for an exit. You noticed the nice tan counters with an island bar with wooden stools. You spot a door next to a fridge on the other side of the kitchen quickly exiting that way you cross the kitchen. Right as you enter the doorway two hands catch you by the waist pulling you back into him.
He spins you around pushing you against the refrigerator roughly. You whimper looking into his darkening eyes. You try to push him away uselessly beating against his chest. He chuckles grabbing your wrist with one hand forcing your arms above your head. You gulp whimpering for mercy from the God.
“Oh, how I enjoy the little noise you make but, I have not even done anything to you yet.” His free hand grabbed at your chest yanking your butto
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/You
Thor/You
Doctor Strange/You
Bruce Banner/You
Steve Roger/You
James/you
Thor/James/You/Steve
Bruce/Tony/James/You/Steve/Thor

freeform: 
Rough Sex
Rough Kissing
Rough Body Play
Dark Thor (Marvel)
Single Tony
Forced Orgasm
Held Down
Dark Captain America
Dom/sub
Master/Pet
Rape/Non-con Elements
Punishment
Multiple Orgasms
dark characters
Not for the weak of heart
Stubborn Reader
Unplanned Pregnancy
Bathtub Sex
Bathing/Washing
Cumming on Face
Rough Doctor Strange
Choking
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Dark Steve Rogers
Hair-pulling
Forced blow job
Forced Eye Contact
Gentle Kissing
Gentle Sex
Bruce Banner Hulks Out
Protective Bruce Banner
rough bucky
rope play
Do not read if triggered by non-con
Sadism
Sadist Bucky
Orgy
Three men at once
Dr.Strange uses magic on you
You Have Been Warned
Feeling Trapped
Aggresive Steve Rogers
several orgys
several three ways
Stephan takes control
Steve likes to test your limits
Triple Penetration
Kids surprise you
Stephan dominates you
not always smut
kids are important
They use their powers to impress reader

fandom: 
Tony Stark/You
Thor/You
Doctor Strange/You
Bruce Banner/You
Steve Roger/You
James/you
Thor/James/You/Steve
Bruce/Tony/James/You/Steve/Thor

