Work Text:



But I knew him…
"Yes, you did," Pierce says, considering. He’s been making eye contact since he came in, but for the first time, he really looks at you, evaluating. "I think it’s time for a new approach. Wipe him," Pierce orders, and you don’t want to lose this memory, but you already know that’s not an option. You failed your mission. It’s what you deserve. *Scientists in white lab coats swarm around a large machine, but the Asset ignores them. He is waiting for his mission. It’s not of consequence. He doesn’t recognize the machine. Perhaps it’s a new type of cryotank. Then Pierce is there. "Your mission," he says and hands over a crisp, blue folder. He opens it, scanning the dossier on one Rogers, Steven, Codename: Captain America. "Do you recognize him?" Pierce asks. "No," the Asset replies. The question is strange, non-standard. He never recognizes his missions. "He was your last mission," Pierce explains, answering the curiosity the Asset knows better than to voice. "You failed." The Asset freezes, his gaze caught on the picture of this Captain. He has failed very few missions."I thought about punishing you," Pierce continues casually, and the Asset swallows to suppress his gag reflex, spine taut, "but I think this wasn’t your fault." The Asset flicks his eyes to Pierce’s face, assessing. His words make no sense. If he failed, it was his fault. "He’s just too good. Hell, he was almost personally responsible for dismantling Hydra last time we were poised to take over. So instead of letting history repeat itself, I say, why not change history?" Pierce hands him another folder, this one brown and worn. Inside is an SSR assessment of one Rogers, Steven, and a faded photograph of a tiny blond. Only his face identifies him as the same man. "Captain America claims to fight for freedom, but he’s been spreading chaos for too long. Even in his absence, others used him as a symbol to rally a fight against the peace we’ve been trying to give the world. The world would be better off without him, and you’re going to make that happen." Pierce pauses expectantly, but the Asset merely continues to memorize the file. "Good," Pierce says. They give him a tablet to read with all the information they have on the mission’s life in the years before he became a threat, historical accounts and medical documents and old maps of New York. If this intelligence is accurate, given the long list of ailments, the mission should pose no challenge. It leaves a sour taste in his mouth, that this is the mission he failed. "Ready? You have the supplies they gave you?" Pierce asks, and the Asset nods, the thin bag of material resting awkwardly against his back, inside his armor to protect it. "Remember, you won’t have backup, this time. And make it clean. He’s an orphan, so there’s no one to care about an accident." The Asset nods again. The room is mostly empty now, and the machinery has started to hum. He tightens his jaw against the expectation of imminent pain and steps into a large open area when directed. A scientist in protective gear carefully places a small amount of glowing, blue material into a slot and encloses it in the heart of the machine. The hum picks up in intensity. Another scientist hands him a small remote trigger. "If this works, that will trigger your recall. Just push it when the mission is complete." The Asset carefully tucks it away. The rest of the men in the room leave, including Pierce, who pauses at the door to give him a final inspection before turning decisively. The hum becomes a vibration that shakes the whole room, rattling through his bones. Everything takes on a blue tint, and then goes transparent, as if the Asset is looking at an outline of the world, the edge of reality. The blue turns white, and the Asset begins to scream. *He thought he died, but then he wakes up, blood thick against his teeth. The ground around him steams, and so do his clothes. Another person wouldn’t have made it through alive to finish the mission. The building he’s in is huge and empty, a warehouse of some kind. He crawls to a nearby table and pulls himself up, his metal hand leaving a black imprint in the wood when he grabs it. He was lucky to land here, isolated and under cover, and he staggers through the space until he finds a small washroom. He presses along the skin on his face and eyes, but his mask protected those fragile areas. He drinks deeply, even though the water tastes overwhelmingly of rust. After a few minutes, he leans over and retches, body convulsing as he throws the liquid back up. He forces himself to drink more. No matter how deserted this place appears, it isn’t safe to remove his armor in the field. He unfastens it the bare amount needed to pull out the bag of supplies. He sets the bag aside until he redoes his armor and runs his fingers over all his various weapons to check them, and then he rips it open. Inside are a number of tools that aren’t used for a typical search and destroy, inclu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Time Travel
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
First Kiss

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

