Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Charles normally sleeps poorly for a day or two when he returns to Corellia from the Outer Zones. Both the difference in zonal time and the disquieting silence of his apartment take some getting used to when his body’s used to strict eight-hour shifts and the constant, soothing hum of a ship’s mechanical systems keeping them gliding smoothly through the blackness of space. The adjustment makes him cranky and tired, which is why Raven never likes visiting him the first few days he’s home.
But tonight, he’s either too exhausted to deal with the usual tossing and turning or his body’s finally learned how to transition seamlessly from space to planet because the moment his head hits the pillow, he’s out like a light.
What follows is a deep, dreamless sleep that would have ideally lasted for at least ten hours but in reality barely even makes it to three. It feels like he’s barely shut his eyes when the chirping of his comm unit rouses him, and he’s so tired that he actually reaches out to pick it up and hurl it against the wall. But his hand knocks against it and the blasted thing clatters to the floor, still beeping. He’s far too sluggish to reach down to retrieve it so he mutters, resigned, “What is it?”
“Priority one message from Commissioner Moira MacTaggert,” his comm unit announces. “Subject: new transport assignment. Prompt response required.”
“What? That has to be a mistake. Read it to me again.”
“Priority one message from Commissioner Moira MacTaggert. Subject: new transport assignment. Prompt response required.”
“Fuck,” Charles mutters, pushing himself out of his pillow far enough to reach the comm unit on the floor. “Show me the message.”
The bright screen blinds him for a moment before his eyes focus on the words, and sure enough, there’s the order. He considers ignoring it and making the excuse in the morning that he slept through the notifications. But Moira’s far too sharp to buy that and besides, there’s a note at the bottom of the message that says, Bonus to be paid at conclusion of assignment. He figures he might as well see how substantial the bonus is before passing it up.
He sends off a request for further information and then rubs at his gritty eyes, wishing he had a stimulant. Those things are shit for your system in the long run but at least he wouldn’t feel like he’d been flattened by a slow-moving hovercar. Lots of other pilots stockpile stimulants but Charles had never gotten in the habit. Maybe with the assignments piling on like they are, he’ll finally have to.
Only a couple of minutes later, his comm starts flashing a green light and he accepts the video call, only half-surprised that Moira’s awake at this time of night. Sometimes he wonders if she ever sleeps.
“Sorry for waking you up,” she says when she sees him. From the backdrop, it looks like she’s sitting in her office, as alert and well-groomed as ever. She doesn’t even have shadows under her eyes, which has always baffled Charles. Even when they were at the Academy together pulling three all-nighters in a row studying for finals, she’d always come to class the next day looking as if she’d just woken up from the best sleep of her life. Charles always looked like he’d spent the morning fighting his way out of a trash compactor.
“No, you’re not,” he grumbles. He doesn’t bother to sit up, even though Moira’s his superior officer; they’re too good of friends to stand on decorum in private. “Tell me I’m misunderstanding your message.”  
“You’re not. I need you at Amiari ready to ship out at 0800.”
Charles sinks further down into his pillow. “I just got home today. Pilots are supposed to have at least three days’ leave before shipping out again.”
“This is a special case. You were personally requested by the admirals to go on this.”
Charles’ frown deepens. “Personally requested?” He pulls up her previous message again and scans it through, his stomach sinking with every word. “Destination OZ-48. That’s a six-month round trip, Moira. You know Raven’s due in three months and I have to be here for that.”
“This is of utmost priority,” Moira replies. At least she sounds contrite now. “I wouldn’t be assigning this to you if it weren’t important.”
“What’s so important—” He cuts off, attention snagging on the cargo list. “Wait, inmates? We’re transporting prisoners?”
“Two thousand seventy-four of them,” Moira confirms without batting an eye. “KG Penitentiary was built almost two hundred years ago and it’s falling apart. IF Command has decided that relocation would be a better alternative to renovation. The new prison in OZ-48 is state-of-the-art and it’s got plenty of vacancies. Everything’s ready for them, they just have to be moved.”
“Over two thousand,” Charles says, glancing through the attached manifest. “A whole penitentiary—that’s way too many for a standard Firefly military transport. Even normal prison ships aren’t designed to hold so many inmates at a time.”
Moira nods. “Which is why IF engineers have b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Irene Adler (X-Men)/Raven | Mystique
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers
Sebastian Shaw/Charles Xavier (one-sided)

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Dubious Ethics
Alternate Universe - Prison
Alternate Universe - Space
Slow Build
Captivity
Panic Attacks
Shaving
Choking
Public Humiliation
Public Sex
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Irene Adler (X-Men)/Raven | Mystique
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers
Sebastian Shaw/Charles Xavier (one-sided)

