Chapter 1: Hold on to me as we go
    




Chapter Text
It was a normal,  pretty boring  friday afternoon, early evening.

Tony was just walking downstairs to meet up with the receptionist to talk about his schedule of the day, maybe tomorrow and the  lovely amount of meetings. Pepper had the day off and he was really starting to feel his dependence on the woman. 





He was looking down on his phone when suddenly a husked conversation caught his attention.







“Well, I don’t know what to do anymore... I’m out of options here. I've tried calling them multiple times, I called their second emergency number, which turned out to be  fake  and… How could anybody do that….” The unknown woman said somewhat exasperatedly.









The receptionist behind the desk was also desperately typing something in on the computer. 











He slowed to a stop and slightly frowned at the pair who still had their backs to him. “What seems to be the problem ladies?” Tony asked with a smirk, eyes hidden behind the colourful glasses. 











“Mr. Stark!” The woman previously talking irritatedly, turned around with wide eyes.











He raised his eyebrows in trepidation. 











“Well?”











“So uh… You see Mr. Stark… There seems to be a problem with the daycare here at… Stark… Industries…” The woman said trailing off while looking down.











Tony only then noticed the very small human hiding behind the woman’s legs.











“Hi” He said,  shocked.











The little guy was staring up at him with sad and droopy eyes. He appeared to be very timid, the fingers of one hand disappearing in his mouth while the other held onto a what appeared to be a dirty rag doll bunny. 











He looked back up to the woman “So Deborah-” he said as he looked at her colourful name tag “Then what is the problem, I’m assuming also involves the little guy here with you.”











She looked down at the boy, moving her gaze between them, sighing. “His parents didn’t show up to pick him up… The daycare closed nearly two hours ago and I have tried calling them, but they wouldn’t pick up-” Deborah started to get riled up again so he quickly put up a hand to stop her before she could work herself into a panic attack.











“So… No one came to pick him up…” He repeated, looking down at the boy who was staring at his worn out sneakers with a trembling lower lip. 











“That is correct, Sir” She sighed. “His parents have neglected him multiple times before…" Deborah whispered "I mean,  his parents barely look after him, there-there were times where he showed up unwashed, multiple times actually and … It also isn’t the first time they’ve been late, but this time they haven’t showed up at all…” Deborah sighed out. 











Tony blew out a big breath through his nose as well. 











“I’m sowwy” A tiny voice piped up.





“No, no sweetheart… Listen Peter, -”  So his name was Peter  “None of this is your fault okay? None of it.”










“Bu’ I was bad” He mumbled









“Peter, sweety… No one is mad at you, okay?" Deborah crouched down in front of the kid trying to catch the kid's gaze. " Lisen Peter. I promise you that no one is mad at you for anything. Not for spilling your drink, not for crying when you’re sad, not for having an accident a few days ago, and definitely  not  for staying a little longer than usual okay?”









The kid, Peter, didn’t seem to agree. He kept staring down at his feet, dragging them across the floor. 



















Deborah looked down sadly but looked back at a frowning Tony and stood up again. “Mr.Stark there have been clear signs of neglect by his parents and I have called CPS many times but… No one did anything. He still showed up in old, too small clothes, a few days ago even smelling faintly of urine or he would panic after spilling his drink, he isolates himself from other kids, often cries unexpectedly… ” Deborah listed off, also referring to the things she just comforted Peter about. 



















Which probably hadn’t been the first time either. 



















 The young lady looked absolutely exhausted and out of her depth right now. The boy didn’t look much better either. He was clearly very tired and absolutely heartbroken at being forgotten… 



















Tony thought about what to do for a moment and weighed his options. “How about you go home Deborah-” Tony started, Deborah looking ready to argue and Peter’s eyes welling up as he looked at the strange man. “I can take Peter here to my lab and have JARVIS use his technology to contact his parents. Maybe show him around a bit…”



















Deborah’s shoulders visibly relaxed at being offered an out “What do you think about that Peter? Would you like to go with Mr. Stark and to his lab? I know you love science and are a big fan of Iron man”



















Peter stared up at her, only nodding in agreement at her reassuring smile. He removed the hand that was previously still i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Kid Fic
Alternate Universe
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Good Peter
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Fluff
Light Angst
Daycare
Orphan Peter Parker
Domestic Fluff
Angst and Feels
How Do I Tag
Parent Tony Stark
eventually
Original Character(s)
Cute

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)

