Work Text:
  “Dude! Dude! This is like, the greatest thing that has ever happened,” Ned declared, voice echoing around the locker room. “I know,” Peter grinned down at his shoelaces as he tied them up. “We’re going after school to get it, right?” Ned asked. “Duh,” Peter finished tying up his shoes and gave Ned a fist bump. “What are you two going on about?” Flash sneered from across the locker room. “They just released a Spider-Man Lego set,” Ned said. “It’s epic!” “Whatever,” Flash rolled his eyes and left the locker room without his usual brush past that usually had them slamming into a wall. “He totally wants the Lego Spider-Man,” Ned said knowingly. It wasn’t a secret on how much Flash admired how the vigilante and Peter wondered how the boy would react if he ever found out that it was actually admiring Peter. Ned thought that Flash’s head would explode, and Peter said that Flash would most likely deny ever liking Spider-Man. “This is so crazy,” Peter said, trying to keep his voice low as they headed into the gym. “I wonder what other merch there is,” Ned’s eyes opened in wonder. “Dude, was this your idea?” “What? No, of course it wasn’t,” Peter frowned. “I don’t even know how I would do that.” “Alright everyone!” Coach Wilson called out. “Take a seat.” “Why is principal Morita here?” Betty asked as Ned and Peter passed her. “Why are any of us here?” MJ asked, nose buried in her book. “Deep,” Ned nodded, taking his seat behind MJ. Peter slid into the space beside Ned and peered over MJ’s shoulder to see what book she was reading today. MJ titled the book so he could see but Peter didn’t recognise the title and made a mental note to google it later so that he could talk to her about it. “Maybe we should make some Spider-Man merch,” Ned hummed thoughtfully. “Like what?” Peter asked. “T-shirts, hats,” Ned listed. “Backpacks would be awesome.” “Ned, we don’t have any money to do any of that,” Peter pointed out. “Oh yeah,” Ned’s face fell at the thought. “Damn.” “Okay class,” Coach Wilson called for their attention. “Today we will be continuing on with Captain America’s fitness testing, but we have a slight change in the schedule.” Murmurs broke out as Ned and Peter shared a sceptical look. “Quiet down, everyone,” Principal Morita stepped forward and the class fell silent. “Midtown has been selected as one of the schools to have the real Captain America and the Avengers to come to their school –“ Principal Morita’s words were drowned out by the sudden explosion of excited chatter. Everyone was talking over one another, craning their necks desperately to see if the Avengers were in the gym. Michelle was the only one who hadn’t reacted, merely brought her book closer to her face. Peter himself had slunk as far down in his seat as possible, hands coming up to cover his face. “Dude! Did you know they were coming?” Ned asked, giving Peter a little shake. “No,” Peter moaned. “This is not good, Ned.” Coach Wilson blew on his whistle sharply and the conversation died until everyone was giving him their full attention. “Thank you,” Principal Morita nodded at the coach. “I expect you all to be on your best behaviour and to show the Avengers what Midtown is made of. So, if you will all please, in an orderly fashion, make your way out to the football field.” No sooner had the words left the principals mouth, the class were on their feet and rushing to the doors that led to the football field. Even Ned had rushed out, leaving Peter and MJ to make their way towards the field at a leisurely pace. “Damn,” MJ muttered when they stepped outside. “What?” Peter asked. “I left my sketch book in my locker,” MJ squinted at him. “You’re face right now would go perfectly in my crisis collection.” “Thanks,” Peter sighed. “I can’t believe they are here.” And there they were. Standing in the middle of the football field, already surrounded by Peter’s classmates, were the Avengers in full costume (apart from Bruce Banner who was not, thankfully, Hulked out). They looked semi amused as they were surrounded by a bunch of fifteen-year old’s and principal Morita and Coach Wilson were trying to get the students to calm down. By the time Peter and MJ joined the rest of their class, they had settled down and were waiting eagerly to learn what they would be doing. Peter wasn’t, instead using the opportunity to semi hide himself behind Ned, trying to disappear into the ground. “Hello Midtown,” Steve greeted, voice smooth and friendly. “I’m Captain America and it’s our pleasure to be here with you today.” He turned and gestured to the rest of the group. “I’m here with Iron Man, Black Widow, Hawkeye and Bruce Banner, or also known as the Hulk.” “Where’s Thor?” Betty called out, cheeks flushed pink. “Thor is off world,” Steve answered with a smile. “But he’s not needed for today’s fitness test.” “Perhaps you could go through the fitness test with us today,” Coach Wilson suggested. “Right,” Steve nodded. “We have broken up the test into five differen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Embarrassed Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Bully Flash Thompson
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Supportive May Parker (Spider-Man)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

