Chapter 1: The Prince
    




Chapter Text
No one usually disturbs Y/N as she sleepily slides a damp mop over the steps of Asgard Palace.That's her job; to clean the entryway, scrub the stairs of footprints until their smooth surface is polished enough to reflect vague outlines of clouds.Y/N has to do this during the early hours of the morning so the vestibule is ready for its busy day ahead. This means she has to drag herself out of bed before the sun, and trudge outside with various cleaning equipment hanging off her arms, only the moon to light her way. By the time Y/N is finished, the skin of her hands is raw and chapped and from manual labour, and numb from the cold.She doesn't mind, really. She likes watching the little streams of water run off the step she's sponging at and dribble onto the next one, then the next, and the next. The gold-colour of the staircase shines through the suds, making it look like the steps are melting. She likes being awake for the dawn chorus; creatures declaring that they've survived the night by bursting into vibrant song. And the sunrises. Y/N usually finishes scrubbing just as the sun begins to stain the sky a delicate pastel peach; she takes a seat on the top step and observes as streaks of pink appear and start slicing the horizon to ribbons.It's also better than her last job. Most jobs are better than her last job; Y/N was hired---originally---by the head cook of the servants quarters; a coarse-looking woman as large as a steam-train and twice as loud. She is called Ylva. Ylva never bothered to learn anyone's names, just barked 'girl' or 'lad' at you from across the room, then, if you failed to hear her over the roaring ovens and boiling pots, she'd throw some kind of vegetable in your direction to get your attention. She liked putting salt in everything until it was as bitter as her personality, hurling orders around to assert dominance, and cleanliness.In Ylva's kitchen, cleanliness was the paramount concern. Oatmeal for five-hundred servants could burn to a crisp and she wouldn't bat an eye, but may the gods forbid you spill said oatmeal on a shiny countertop or let a drop fall to the spotless floor. Y/N's job was mainly to peel things and then cut various other things, but she spent a lot of time trying to mop up stains before Ylva got wind of them and reacted by blaming it on---and then firing---the closest individual.Maybe it was this---Y/N's newly implanted instinct for tidiness---that got her promoted to tending to the front steps by the head of house-keeping, and then promoted again soon after that.She hadn't seen her second promotion coming, literally and figuratively. She'd just finished working her way along the length of the last of the many, many steps, and there it was. Or, rather, there he was.Just watching her.He must have been there for some time. Y/N hadn't noticed him approach, although she should have done. He was almost two meters tall and dressed in thin moss-coloured linen; an utterly ineffective shield against the frosty air.And he was the Allfather's second-born son, although that thought registered peculiarly late in Y/N's mind.It's not that he didn't look like a prince, he just didn't look like a prince of...here. He's the only raven-haired child in a family of blondes. Most males in the realm are stocky and hardened from manual labour, whereas he is lean and lithe, and, despite the year-round onslaught of vibrant midday sun, his skin remains as pale as porcelain.He looks like he'd be more comfortable living somewhere where the lakes are frozen-over all year round.Y/N's grip tightened on her mop's handle as she glanced sideways at him through the corner of her eyes. The grounds of Asgard Palace are so large, many servants go their entire career without actually crossing paths with anyone that owns it. But here one of them is, the youngest prince, just...studying her?She kept dragging the head of the mop back and forth over the same spot, wondering whether she should greet him, or if it was, in fact, rude to speak to a prince before he'd spoken to you first.He's so tall, his broad shoulders the only give-away that he hasn't been physically stretched out. Y/N knows the prince and her are roughly the same age, and yet she feels like a child under his gaze. His head was tilted curiously to the side but only by such a small amount you wouldn't be able to tell had you not been staring intently at him for some time. Which Y/N had been inadvertently doing. She liked the triangle shape of his torso and the smooth point of his nose.Y/N had pushed the mop into its bucket then slopped it at her feet three times before she made up her mind that she'd have to say something. The prince's steady, undivided attention was putting her off her work.And, for some reason, she didn't want him to feel he was being ignored.Mind made up about how she was to proceed, Y/N sucked in a lungful of the brisk, early morning air and cleared her throat, her breath condensin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader

freeform: 
Asgard
Asgard (Marvel)
Asgardian Reader (Marvel)
Asgardian Loki (Marvel)
Cute
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Romance
Eventual Romance
First Kiss
Marvel Universe
Slow Romance
Feels
Friends to Lovers
Friendship
Boss/Employee Relationship
loki is an artist
Loki is a painter
Painting
Portraits
Feel-good
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Sexual Tension
Established Relationship
Secret Relationship
Secret Crush
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Marvel Norse Lore
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Pining
Mutual Pining
Pining Loki (Marvel)
Pre-Thor (2011)
thor 1
Shy Loki (Marvel)
Love Confessions
House Cleaning
Gentle Kissing
Neck Kissing
Morning Cuddles
Naked Cuddling
First Time
Establishing Relationship
Male-Female Friendship
Platonic Female/Male Relationships
Long-Term Relationship(s)
Minor Original Character(s)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Eventual Smut
Wordcount: Over 50.000
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Jötnar | Jotuns | Frost Giants (Norse Religion & Lore)
Smut
before thor 1
young adult loki and reader
Bath Sex
Bubble Bath
Table Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Sub Loki (Marvel)
Virgin Loki (Marvel)
Virgin Reader
Wordcount: Over 100.000
Top Loki (Marvel)
Bottom Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader

