Work Text:
“What’s that?” Bucky asks, the question jerked out of him so unexpectedly that he doesn’t have time to catch it the way he usually does.  There’s a shrill, reedy sound coming from the speakers dotted around his room.  He doesn’t like it.Bucky avoids the communal areas as much as he can, but he likes to be able to hear what’s happening in them.  Usually, it’s talking (mostly from Stark) or a television playing.  It isn’t usually this wailing sound that hurts his ears.“I believe it is a baby’s cry,” the House tells him.  It doesn’t add anything else, because it never does.  Bucky’s heard it chat with Stark, but it only ever answers direct questions from Bucky.“I didn’t know anyone here had a baby,” he says, sitting up from where he’s been lying on the floor.  It’s not a direct question, so the House doesn’t answer.Bucky isn’t a prisoner in his room; he isn’t even a prisoner on his floor (even though he should be, he really should be).  He’s curious, so he gets up and walks over to the door.His knees ache a little, just for a second, which makes him wonder how long he’s been sitting there.  He doesn’t usually feel much of anything.  There’s a dresser and two chairs in front of his door today.  He doesn’t remember doing that, but it’s better than the time he found a rifle loaded and boobytrapped to fire if the door was opened.  The furniture takes a second to move, and he peers out into the corridor.  There’s no one out there.  There usually isn’t, although sometimes there’s Steve.“Where’s the baby?” Bucky asks.  He doesn’t have his knife, he realises, so he doubles back to his room to get it, sliding it carefully into his belt, before heading to the elevators.  “The baby is in the main lounge,” the House says.  “Along with all the Avengers and their associates.”Bucky hesitates.  That’s a lot of people; he doesn’t like a lot of people.  The baby is screaming though, loud enough that it’s grating on Bucky’s nerves, so he braces himself and squares his shoulders.  He isn’t afraid; he’s just cautious.He can’t actually use elevators, so he just slides the fingers of his metal hand between the doors to the shaft and waits until the building opens them for him.  He used to force them open, but they’ve come to an agreement, now.The doors slide open and Bucky grabs the elevator cables, getting a good grip before he swings his weight across the empty space and braces his feet on the opposite wall.  It’s easy to rappel down the shaft until he’s at the right floor, and easier still to slip through the door that conveniently opens to let him out onto the communal floor.He doesn’t know why Stark’s Tower helps him sometimes, but it would be dumb to turn it down.  Like the House said, pretty much all the Avengers are in the living area, crowded around something in the middle, which they’re all peering at.  That’s where the screaming’s coming from, and it’s so much worse this close to it.“Maybe it needs feeding,” Barton is saying.  He’s nearer to it than the others are, but he has his hands behind his back as though to telegraph to everyone that he won’t be touching.“I did that.” That’s Steve; he sounds stressed.“... burping?” Barton asks.  “That’s a thing people do with babies, right?”“Is it?” Now Steve sounds alarmed and stressed.  Stark makes an impatient noise.  “Weren’t there like, literally hundreds of pictures of you holding babies during your Give Us All Your Money tour?”  Something flickers behind Bucky’s eyes, there and gone again, but he doesn’t try to chase it.  Chasing his memories never does anything except give him a headache. “USO Tour,” Steve mutters.  “It was about boosting morale, not just selling War Bonds.  And their mothers always took them away when they cried.”“Well, that’s not very helpful,” Natasha says.  She’s not with the crowd around the baby.  She’s sitting on one of the long, leather couches, her legs crossed in front of her in a very obvious keep it away from me pose.  “We need Thor,” Stark declares.  “Thor would know what to do.”“Why would Thor know what to do?” Steve asks.  Stark shrugs.  “He talks to dogs and pigeons and that guy in SHIELD R&D who smells like cloves.  He’d definitely know how to talk to a baby.”“Okay, it really can’t be as hard as we’re making it out to be,” Banner says, approaching for the first time.  “Maybe she just wants to be picked up.”He leans forward and everyone else jumps back, giving Bucky enough space to see a baby, wrapped in a bright yellow blanket, sitting in what he thinks is a car seat.  Banner unbuckles her and lifts her into his arms.There are seven seconds where everything is silent and the baby seems to contemplate Banner.  Then the baby shrieks.  It’s shrill and sharp and piercing and it cuts straight through Bucky’s ears into the centre of his brain.  He walks forward without meaning to, making no noise until he’s by Banner’s side.  “Give her to me,” he says, reaching for her.Banner doesn’t jump even though Bucky clearly took him by surprise, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
child endangerment
Canon-Typical Violence
PTSD
First Times
Minor Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor Jane Foster/Thor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

