Work Text:
Tony’s first.Bucky planned it that way. In fact, he’s planned the entire lineup meticulously, for specific reasons – ever since he worked Steve up to opening up to Bucky about this deepest, dirtiest fantasy of his. Of course, there’d been the initial hesitancy; it’d taken Steve months to be comfortable enough to say it, and when he had, his face had been as red as the stripes on the American flag that his good title was named after. Good… Noble. Maybe that was why he’d been so nervous.Captain America is supposed to represent a whole heck of a lot of things…And getting gangbanged until he’s a come-covered mess is probably not one of them.There’d been other worries, too – that Bucky would be offended; think that Steve didn’t consider him ‘man enough’ to satisfy his needs or something. But Bucky hadn’t reacted that way. Because he’s known Steve long enough – they’ve been through enough together – that he knows exactly what their relationship means to them. There’s no need to be jealous.Steve’s heart does, and has, only ever truly beat for Bucky. Maybe there’ve been others of interest along the way, and maybe there was always the potential to love someone else in the same way they’ve loved each other their whole lives, but at the end of the day, there could never be anyone else that gets Steve’s pulse racing the way Bucky does. And that’s a sentiment that goes both ways.At the end of the night, Bucky’s the one Steve comes home to. To Bucky, that’s what matters. So having found out that his boyfriend’s sometimes dreamt about what it’d be like to be passed around their little group of superheroes like one of DUMBO’s cheap whores hadn’t scared Bucky off the way Steve had feared it would. Quite on the contrary, Bucky understood.Because he knows his best guy – what makes him tick, what sets him off, what gets him happy, what scares him, what doesn’t… and what makes him hard. And sure, Bucky’s always been possessive of his Stevie. But he’d have been lying if he’d said that the idea of seeing Steve turned into a slobbering mess while he orchestrated the entire thing and touched himself at the sight didn’t make his mouth absolutely water. One of Bucky’s favourite things about Steve is just how insatiable he really is behind closed doors. So really, the fact that he’d yearned for something like this at all is hardly surprising. Maybe, to the outside world, their desires would come across as profane… Messed up… Unconventional.But then again, is anything about them and their life stories ‘conventional’? Luckily for them, Bucky couldn’t give a rat’s ass what anyone else thinks of them. They’ve both suffered enough throughout their lives – they’ve earned the right to be happy together, in whatever ways they choose. So, fuck them.His top teeth are buried into his bottom lip so roughly that it could draw blood if he wasn’t careful. Jeans shoved down his thighs, he sits in the chair he’d placed at the lower right-hand corner of their bed and fucks his fist over his cock – which is, to say the least, hard enough that it could probably drill through a goddamn diamond. He’d imagined that this would be hot as fuck to actually watch, but it turned out that that hadn’t covered it. Not even close. They’re only at the first person into the night and Bucky can’t remember ever having been this turned on before. It feels a little perverse – both watching in general, like a sneaky peeping tom, and watching his own lover like this – but Christ, it only makes it that much better.Judging by the way Steve keeps groaning through clenched teeth, Steve’s in the same boat.Approaching the rest of their teammates on the topic – which had been done by Bucky, because the idea had absolutely mortified Steve – turned out to be a surprisingly easy task. He didn’t ask for the reasoning behind that, and Bucky doesn’t really need it. He can’t say he blames them, after all; who wouldn’t want to experience what being with Captain America is like? Even the people he’d expected to politely decline the offer, like Bruce, had said yes. They’d all said yes.Steve had been so shocked - and so turned on - at the news that this could actually be a reality, that he’d nearly tackled Bucky to the floor when he found out. It’d been one of the best blowjobs Bucky had had in a while (which says leaps and bounds about that, given that Steve has always had a mouth made pretty much made for sassing and sucking dick.)Bucky’s a talker in bed, but he starts off quiet. He just wants to watch, for now. Tony’s been at it – gripping Steve’s hip in one hand and pinning down the small of his back with the other – for the last fifteen minutes or so. It’d been a little awkward at first; Bucky had suggested before anyone came in that Steve start off naked, so there’d wouldn’t need to be any uncomfortable undressing. Steve wanted to stay clothed. Then Bucky had double and triple-checked that this was what Steve wanted (it was, it still really fucking was, yes), before bringing S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
4000 Tumblr Followers Thank You Gift
Gangbang
Shameless Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
Okay There's a LITTLE Plot
If You Squint - Freeform
Established Relationship
Consensual
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers is a Cockslut
Dirty Talk
Sex
Anal Sex
Vaginal Sex
Anal Fingering
Vaginal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Come Shot
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
Masturbation
Voyeurism
Multiple Orgasms
Body Worship
adoration
Dom/sub Undertones
loosely
friends helping friends
Fulfilling Steve's Fantasy
Bucky's Such a Good Boyfriend
Stony Competitiveness and Sexual Tension
Stam BROTP
Insinuated Past-Winterwidow
Thor's Got a Monster Cock
Fucked-out!Steve
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Name-Calling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers

