Chapter 1: When troubles come
    




Chapter Text
Steve Rogers was in love. He couldn’t quite pin what it was about Darcy that had him so hooked, but she gave him that feeling in his chest that he had only had once before with Bucky.It started when he saw her face on a computer screen. He had been working for the last month to help Tony uncover any undercover HYDRA agents that may be working in Stark industries.
Steve started from the outside and worked his way in, which meant starting at the bottom of the foodchain. The unpaid interns were first, 9 of them were HYDRA. 5 secretaries, 11 security guards. The trend continued, almost every area was seasoned with assassin's all feeding information to HYDRA. Eventually, he reached the inner circle of the workers. These were the people Tony trusted the most and had access to the real secret stuff, it would be a shame if any of them had ulterior motives. “Up next..” Steve sighed, having had a long day and just wanting to get home “Darcy Lewis.”
Tony scoffed “Darcy is safe.”
He frowned “We can’t assume that, Tony.” Steve flicked through her file “Says here she worked for Dr Foster before you. Who’s to say she wasn’t worming her way in?”
“Have you not met Darcy? She’s really smart, but the world is bubblegum to her.” Tony smirked. Steve paused “No, I haven’t met her…”
Tony raised his eyebrows “Really? Weird.” He shrugged and pulled up her photo onto the screen in front of him, immediately regretting not meeting her sooner. Her eyes was what he noticed first, a bright blue-ish green colour like the sea in the middle of the day. She was smiling warmly. Nobody smiles in ID pictures, but she was. There’s a light in her that glows and makes her the most gorgeous thing he’s seen in a long time.Steve knows it’s shallow of him to think so, but nobody that beautiful could be evil enough to work for HYDRA.“Let’s move on..” He mutters after a moment, tearing his eyes off her picture to the next file.
“Are you letting it go because you’re listening to me, or because she’s pretty?” Tony teased.
Steve wasn’t sure which was worse, admitting Tony was right or admitting that his attraction to her one him over. He decides the latter is less embarrassing. He coughs “The second one.”
Tony barked out a loud laugh “HYDRA agents can be good-looking, Steve. Did you see Laura from accounting? She was like a younger Pepper, but with more..” He gestured crudely to his chest.
Steve rolled his eyes at the older (Younger? Did the years he was in ice count?) man before moving on to another file. + He didn’t officially meet her until 2 weeks later, though he had occasionally (frequently) pulled out her file and look at her picture, as if trying to find out more about her via her face. “Captain, there appears to be a situation in Miss Lewis’ office. She is being attack.” JARVIS announced into Steve’s office
Steve leapt to action, grabbing his shield and speaking to JARVIS through his earpiece as he ran through the halls “Who’s attacking her?”
“Mr Ian Boothby, Captain. He had relations with Miss Lewis during the events in London.” The AI explained “And he has also appeared in Russia under the alias of Richard Reinoff, a HYDRA agent.” That was all Steve needed to hear. Now in full Captain mode, he pushed the idea of this being the first time he saw Darcy in real life to the back of his mind. As he entered, Darcy swung a final blow to the side of Ian’s head with what appeared to be a baseball bat. He fell to the floor and she huffed out a small breath. Steve stood in the doorway, staring at her for a few moments. If anybody asked, that was the moment he fell in love with her; before she even said a word to him. Having being taken care of his whole life, Steve admired people who could take care of themselves and others and Darcy seemed to be doing a damn good job of doing just that. “Do you know who that was?” Steve asked, watching as her eyes snapped up to meet his.
“My ex-boyfriend.” She replied simply, her chest heaving for breath as she lowered the bat.
“He’s also an undercover HYDRA agent..” He continued.
“I got that..” Darcy breathed They held eachothers gaze for a few more moments.
“You play baseball?” Steve asked dumbly, nodding to the bat in her hands.
Darcy followed his gaze before shaking her head “No. I just get attacked often.” Ian began to groan, pushing himself off the ground. Darcy swung the bat again, hitting him right in the ribs. He fell back again. Darcy straightened herself out and held the bat over her shoulder “You can take it from here, Captain.”
“Steve.” He corrected her. He’s only ‘Captain America’ when he’s saving people. Darcy had saved herself.
“Steve.” She smiled “You can handle this.” Darcy gestured to the man at her feet “I’m going to go get a Donut. I think I deserve it.” She wore the same smile he saw in the picture, but it was so much better in real life.
“You do.” He agreed, smiling back “It’s nice to finally meet you, Miss Lewis.”
“Darcy.” She corrected.
“Darcy.” S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
OT3
I can't believe I'm finally writing an OT3 fic
hopefully it will be long
background clint/natasha - Freeform
Past Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanov
I may put my other fics on hold to focus on this one
I'll add more tags if it gets angsty
Smut
Threesome - F/M/M
Natasha Romanov is special and needs to be appreciated even more

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

