Chapter 1: Conception (Week 0)
    




Chapter Text
Time hasn't been linear for hours at this point, hell, Steve isn’t even sure if it's been hours, or if it’s been days or maybe neither of those… maybe it's only been minutes or seconds and he's just having an exquisite bout of imagination. Maybe he’s dreaming and his heat has come on strong enough to change the course of his imagination without waking himself or Bucky up. But also. God, also the throbbing ache of Bucky sliding in and out of his hungry, dripping, needy cunt is so toe curlingly good, too good for his mind to be making it up- it's satisfying every urge he's had in this and the past lifetime he’s experienced. It has tears sliding down his face without him even noticing until they started dripping into his mouth. It has his hindbrain purring and yowling like an alley cat, it’s so good. It has time melting like leftover ice cream on a summer's day. Bucky growls above him and Steve sings in response. Panting wetly and gasping and trying to catch his breath in a delicious perversion of the way his asthma attacks used to feel, tipping his head back as Bucky’s teeth dig into him, opening up their centuries old bond because he heals so fast that they might as well do this every time because they can. And why would his alpha deny him something when it feels so damn good- when he can’t help but beg for it under the lust that heat uses to control them and make them mate? He wouldn’t. He’s too good of an alpha to do that. Steve’s chest pounds with the hammering of his heart, it feels like he’s being torn open, unraveled completely. It feels like he’s returning to the wild race of mate, bond, mate, mate, mate, bond, knot. Knot. Knot. Fuck. Steve squirms with what little energy he has left in his super-human body after going at it for so long at such a high intensity. He mewls, clawing at the sheets, and Bucky groans back, the vibrations of the sound coloring Steve’s world brighter. The thrusts of Bucky’s hips promise to leave him sore, serum damned to hell, and it’s all Steve could ask for. The fire that never fully dissipates until his serum powered super heat is over with is taking him over currently, pushing his usual self down under the surface, the fire hasn’t yet been sated even though they’ve been going at it like animals for… for, well, however long it’s actually been since their last break. Steve doesn’t care to know right now. There’s too much fire and lava and electric bolts of lightning fighting through his chest and groin and ass and entire body for him to pay attention to anything but how right it feels to have Bucky’s swelling cock sliding in and out of his achy hole. Slick being fucked right out of him after it attempts to escape, dripping down around Bucky’s cock, the force of his thrusts pushing it out and making the most ear-burning obscene noises. A wild moan rips it’s way out of his throat when he wonders how much of the scaldingly hot liquid seeping out of him is Bucky’s cum. He hopes it’s not very much of it. He wants every fucking drop of that filling his cunt full. Bucky moans back like he can read his mind, his fingers trailing down from the fresh bite all the way to tits, putting more pressure on his nipples because he knows how crazy it makes Steve. Especially with the heightened sensation of heat.  He howls his appreciation, hoping that through the bond Bucky can understand that every time he touches him it’s a crashing crescendo of pleasure, that Steve isn’t entirely sure with his head melted back onto the pillow behind his head and his fingers lax against the cool sheets if he can move, not that he would want to, but surely the only reason his legs are wrapped around Bucky’s waist still is because he’s put them there and not because Steve’s holding them up? He can’t feel them. Well, he’s not sure. He’s feeling a lot. His brain has long since melted out of his ears and who knows, maybe his muscles and internal organs are in the same state. “Ah! Ah! AH!” Steve gasps, panting and trying to open his eyes as Bucky’s metal hand - heated to body temperature by the thick, sex heated air surrounding them like their very own atmosphere - drags over his jaw, tilting his head wherever he wants it. Steve goes with him, fighting against the eye rolling pleasure surging over his every nerve with the pulse of his alpha’s hips so he can look up at him. He gets just a glimpse of his mate’s face for a second before their mouths are colliding, crashing against one another and melting into one thing, one heavenly, too good to be true entity that’s got Steve’s mouth watering and his cunt drooling out more slick. He feels the rush of heat as Bucky shoves himself fully back inside his body, sliding home with a powerful thrust that punches a ragged whimper right out of him. When had Bucky’s knot started to inflate again? When did his knot get so fucking big? The pressure pushes a desperate moan out of him, the feeling of Bucky fucking his cunt full 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Knotting
Rutting
Comeplay
Come Inflation
Come Marking
Come Swallowing
Lactation Kink
Pregnancy
Pregnant Sex
Pregnancy Kink
Unplanned Pregnancy
Belly Kink
Breeding
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Simultaneous Orgasm
Coming Untouched
Coming In Pants
Desperation
Horny Steve
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Size Kink
Feminization
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Frottage
Dry Humping
Morning Sickness
Hormones
Cock Warming
Large Cock
(Bucky's btw)
Sexual Fantasy
Marathon Sex
Daddy Kink
(it comes eventually I swear)
Riding
Missionary Position
Wet Dream
(Almost)
Sleepy Sex
Horniness
Horny Steve Rogers
Hand Jobs
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
slick
Doggy Style
presenting
Mounting
Floor Sex
Rough Sex
Emotional Sex
tit worship
Body Worship
Weight Gain
(This comes awfully close to a weight gain kink I've just realized)
(oops? ...unless you're into that
then read away)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

