Chapter 1: A Sleepy Spider
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The trouble starts when some panty-hosed headed mugger pulls a knife on Peter while he’s helping up the old lady the guy was trying to mug. To be fair, he probably should have actually made sure the would-be-mugger was down and out, but he saw the old lady fall and she went down hard. His spidey-sense goes off when the man takes a swipe at his exposed back, allowing Peter to doge the worst of it thankfully. “Dude!” he exclaims as he feels the suit tear slightly under what must be one sharp freaking knife, “Sneak attacks are rude!” He can feel a very shallow cut across his back and catches red warnings on his heads up display, but he’s too distracted with the still up and about mugger to take any real note of either. Before the Panty-Hose Bandit can make another swipe, Peter hits the guy with his webs, yanking the knife from his hand and attaching him to the far alley wall. Really, Peter doesn’t even notice anything is wrong until he’s three rooftops over after letting the cops know and seeing the old lady off (she gave him a cherry lollipop).“Peter, that last attack damaged some systems in the suit, including some of my diagnostic tools, the parachute, and your heater among others.” Karen tells him now that the action is passed. “Aw crap,” he mutters, finally taking a proper look at the HUD warnings, and yup his suit (that he just upgraded with Mr. Stark) is already in need of repair. Honestly it really wouldn’t be that big of a deal, he was supposed to go over to the tower tomorrow anyway. The problem is, even though it’s early in the evening and far from the promised lowest temperature of the day, that doesn’t mean much in December in fucking NYC. Which means it’s really cold and there’s snow everywhere. And now that the adrenaline from the fight has worn off Peter can totally tell his heater is broken. That would be bad enough being out in this weather in a glorified spandex suit if he was a normal person. But it’s worse because he can’t regulate his own temperature for shit after the spider bite. So the fact that his heater is out on a freezing day in winter is really not good. Last year he got lucky, the fall and winter seasons were unusually mild. He was lethargic from October clear through to February and he patrolled less (especially since he was in his homemade suit then), but he was never out in dangerously cold weather. Like he is right now. Part of Peter just wants to try and swing home, but May and Mr. Stark keep going on about calling for help when he needs it, and well…this seems like an appropriate time to call for help. Especially since he can already feel his extremities going numb. The cold really is bitter and the wind is cutting, swirling past with snow flurries. Desperate to get some sort of warmth back into his limbs, Peter starts swinging for Stark Tower. Although most of the Avengers business has been moved upstate, Mr. Stark and Ms. Potts chose to keep the tower as the New York headquarters for Stark Industries. The tower is basically a second home to Peter at this point between his now-mostly-legit internship and patrols as Spider-Man gone wrong. He even has his own room at the penthouse where he stays overnight most weekends and some weeknights if May works the night shift at the hospital. “Karen, is Mr. Stark at the office today or is he upstate?” he asks his AI.“Mr. Stark is currently at the tower,” she responds.   “I’m gonna try to swing to the tower then, if my temp falls too far, I’ll call him,” he tells the AI. That’s reasonable right? This isn’t necessarily life or death, and he’s just trying to be more considerate to his mentor by at least meeting him halfway. He knows Mr. Stark is a busy guy after all, and Peter doesn’t like to worry him if he can help it. “Alright Peter, I’m plotting the quickest route to Stark Industries,” Karen tells him, and the route pops up on his HUD.  “Thanks, K.”If he’s fast maybe he can make it to the tower and warm up without Mr. Stark even knowing he’s there, seeing as the man is probably holed up in his lab or in meetings. But a little voice in the back of his head that has been whispering about Parker Luck since he found out the heater was toast is saying otherwise. At first he thinks it’ll be fine and his plan will work, but ten minutes into his swinging and he can already feel his overworked muscles aching from the cold and growing lethargic. He tries to go even faster, but it’s not a good idea with his cold clumsy limbs and he almost miscalculates a few swings. Even his thoughts feel like they’re going numb and clumsy. Karen’s voice startles him slightly, he nearly forgot she was there. “Peter, your body temperature is starting to fall below acceptable parameters, I recommend finding immediate shelter from the cold or contacting help.” “Th-thanks Karen, I noticed,” He’s trying not to be testy, but the cold is absolutely
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Friday & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Father-Son Relationship
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Peter Parker Can't Thermoregulate
Irondad & Spiderson
Panic Attacks
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
i don't know her
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
this is very self indulgent ngl
i changed my mind
not team Cap friendly
but like not ooc amounts of bashing
Sleepy Peter Parker
Sickfic

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Friday & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

