Work Text:
The Asset has to admit, ending a mission with Captain America crying into his lap is pretty unexpected. Even for him, and he is trained to anticipate all contingencies.They meet outside a burning building in Moscow, as they do, the initial courtesies punctuated by the thunder of collapsing walls and the shrill call of a stray fire alarm. Not, the Asset thinks, that they are particularly courteous. The building in question is—well, was—a HYDRA research facility which he's just single-handedly blown up, thank you very much no applause needed, and he's been shot twice, in non-lethal but highly annoying places, so he feels wholly entitled to his irritation when he runs into* all six feet two inches of his most recent target on the front lawn, waving his chunk of vibranium at the Asset's head and yelling his name**.* as in literally.** "Bucky" (actually, given the circumstances, it sounds more like Buuuuckyyyyyy), which is an absurd name as far as the Asset is concerned. Like, he's pretty sure he once assassinated a nuclear engineer who had a dog named Bucky. Figures that Rogers, with all his other oddities, is the type to be fond of weird nicknames.A minor scuffle ensues, which mostly consists of the Asset emitting curses in Russian and trying to shove Rogers off with the metal arm, until at last he finds himself pinned face down under two hundred and sixty pounds of yelling nonagenarian, and the piece of roof that had been heading for his head bounces harmlessly off the aforesaid chunk of vibranium instead.Oh. Right.After that he has no choice but to invite Rogers home, because it is only polite when faced with individuals who have saved you from a nasty concussion (astonishingly enough, the Winter Soldier does have a rudimentary grasp of manners and the social contract) and because, considering the present state of his body, he might not actually make it back to mission headquarters without external assistance.By the time they arrive at the Asset's safehouse, he's leaking blood all down his front, and Rogers—whose eyes are at this point the approximate size of hard-boiled eggs, and whose face is more or less the same colour—is holding him up with one of his massive arms. He helps the Asset into the living room and deposits him on the musty couch, which is about a hundred years old and so mildewed it threatens to achieve sentience. The Asset is uncomfortably aware that much the same could be said of himself. Rogers gazes round the room, taking in facilities and escape routes, and his hands flutter indecisively near the zipper of the Asset's denim jacket. "Can I help?"He looks ridiculous standing there, all that strength and command frozen in place like a sprinter who isn't sure if he just heard the starting pistol go off. The Asset supposes he can't blame him. Every single time Rogers has tried to touch him, he's only gotten a faceful of metal arm for his efforts. "Get water," he says. "Tweezers. Needle and thread. In the kitchen."Bang. The big punk is off like a bloodhound. (Between fact-finding expeditions to museums and libraries, the Asset has taken to thinking of this incarnation of Steve Rogers as Big Punk, the previous one as Little Punk. It's simpler that way. Less room for misinterpretation. It goes something like this: Little Punk gets thrown in dumpster. Little Punk gets fished out by one James Buchanan Barnes, age seven. Little Punk goes in machine, comes out Big Punk. Big Punk gets on train with James Buchanan Barnes, age twenty-seven. Big Punk gets off train, alone. It's all very straightforward. Except it's not.) By the time Rogers comes back with all the requested items and a few more besides, the Asset has managed to shed his jacket, shirt and undershirt without ripping anything. One of the bullets has lodged above his left hipbone, the other just under the curve of his lowest rib on the same side. Rogers puts the things down on the floor. "Bucky—" The name sounds less dumb in his voice. Not an ideal time to engage this train of thought. "Tweezers."Rogers hands them over, mouth drawn in a thin line. He looks so piteous standing there with nothing to do that the Asset relents and says, "Hand mirror. Jacket, right pocket."The flesh arm is weak and tremulous from blood loss, but the metal one is steady. With the help of the pocket mirror, conveniently held in front of him in Rogers' white-knuckled hand, the Asset manoeuvres the tweezers into the wound and works the first bullet out. At this point he begins to wonder if Rogers has hemophobia or something, because the man seems to be teetering on the verge of tears. The Asset leans over to drop the bullet into the vase he keeps by the couch for this purpose, stops the bleeding with a towel hastily proffered by his newly acquired assistant, closes the wound with a couple of neat stitches, and applies a few perfunctory swipes of antiseptic ointment. Then the other bullet. Rinse and repeat. (Memory surfaces. Little Punk sits at kitchen table
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Gunshot Wounds
sassy Bucky
Sassy Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

