Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Peter was cold. He was always cold now but with winter properly setting in now, he felt like he was cold all the time. He pulled his oversized jacket tighter around him and tried to stop his shivering as he walked down to Delmar’s in Queens. He made this walk every day in the hopes that Delmar would have some leftover food to give him. It hurt Peter’s pride having to beg but he didn’t have any other option. It was either beg or starve to death. It didn’t help that it was getting more and more difficult for him to process tough foods. He could manage the soups he sometimes got and a small amount of bread but nothing more than a few mouthfuls. He assumed it was because his stomach shrunk with not eating regularly. He shivered once more and continued his slow shuffle. His feet were killing him from the constant walking but he knew if he stopped walking during the day that he’d just sit down and give up. All he wanted to do was go home to Aunt May and give her a hug but that wasn’t going to happen. Not now. He lost Aunt two years ago and he wasn’t even around for it. She had died in a car crash alone while Peter had been blipped out of existence. A few months ago the Avengers had clicked their fingers and brought everyone back into existence and got rid of Thanos but Peter would have rathered stay blipped. At least he wouldn’t be as miserable as he was now. Homeless at 14. It was just Parker luck that this happened. He now lost everyone he was close to and even though it wasn’t his fault he couldn’t help but feel guilty. May was on the way home from visiting the remembrance centre when it happened. She had been visiting him. Now she was gone and he was all alone. It didn’t help that everything was back to normal but not back to normal. He’d overheard someone talking about it when he was rifling through a bin behind a diner one day. Apparently, when the Hulk clicked his fingers he was thinking about one of the worlds he was on when he was in space that went by ‘classifications’. Instead of just bringing all those back that had been blipped he also changed their genetic make-up so that people had base classifications that they went by. There was five in total with a whole load of subheadings under it. Peter liked to think of it like he did religion. You had Christianity as the main religion and a whole go of sub religions within that religion. With the classifications, there was Dom, Sub, Neutral, Caregiver, and Little. Some of the common subheadings that Peter overheard were Neutral with Dom tendencies, Caregiver with Dom tendencies, Neutral with Little tendencies and Sub with Little tendencies. The whole idea of it freaked Peter out a bit. He’d seen way too many Little’s and it was weird that his eyes were processing it as a normal thing. When he came back the whole world was in chaos. Governments were scrambling to put emergency laws into place to protect the vulnerable people (Sub’s and Little’s as far as Peter could tell) and making sure there was equality for them in all aspects. Peter didn’t know what his classification was. With the world being what it was he had slipped through the cracks and now he was alone on the streets. They were scary when he lived with May but now he was alone and it was worse. No one cared that he was only 14 and that he was clearly a child. They just saw someone homeless and stayed away from him. Delmar had tried to get him to the police station but Peter had run. His months on the streets had made him skittish. Peter rubbed his eyes as he made his way down the street. A glance up at the darkening sky told him it was going to rain soon. Great. Just what he needed. He picked up his pace and hoped that Delmar has some fresh cardboard for him. An older man had taken his earlier today so he had nowhere to sleep tonight. He bit his lip as he rounded the corner, trying not to cry. It was getting tougher and tougher each day though. He wasn’t sure why. He wished it would just go back to the way it was when May was here and he was happy and going into his new high school. He was so focused on walking with his head down and keeping his tears at bay he didn’t sense the person rounding the corner at the same time as him and walked straight into him.“Whoa!” He heard as he began to tumble. Peter had his eyes closed ready for his face to meet the pavement. It wouldn’t be the first time, he was getting clumsier each day.  When, after a few seconds he didn’t feel the pain of the concrete beneath him he cracked his eyes opened and realised that he was being held in the man’s arms. He had a hat and sunglasses on, obscuring Peter’s view from his whole face.“Hey, buddy. That was some power walking you were doing. Where’s your Mommy or Daddy?” He asked gently, not setting him down.“Umm.” Peter didn’t know how to respond. How was he supposed to explain that he didn’t have anyone? It seemed like he didn’t need to say much though because the man seemed to get i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Little Peter
Precious Peter Parker
Diapers
Cribs
bottles
Baby brother Peter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Big Brother Harley Keener
Big sister Morgan Stark
Kidnapping
kind of
not really - Freeform
Littles Are Known
little verse
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Cuddles
Nap Time
Time Out
tantrums
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Classifications

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

