Chapter 1: Kerrigan x Nova: [Starcraft]
    




Chapter Text
Tags: [anal] [vaginal] [tentacles] [alien] [bondage] [gagging] [orgasm denial]* * * * * * * * * *“Wakey-wakey,” Kerrigan smirked, her sultry voice echoing while a clawed finger lifted the chin of the unconscious blonde.Nova grumbled as her eyes lazily flickered open. She took a long, deep breath as she lifted her head a  bit higher on her own. The look on the blonde’s face was almost comical as her eyes widened and she snarled with rage. She jerked in place, finding herself already with Zerg Creep securely holding her in place.“You bitch…” Nova glared, still testing the limits of the alien structure keeping her kneeling on the floor with her arms stretched out behind her back.“Flattery will only get you so far, little Ghost,” the Zerg Queen carefully slid her fingers along the woman’s neck.The viscous, living material holding Nova began to live up to its name as it crept upward, slowly engulfing more of her body. The alarm in her features told everything as she desperately bucked and strained against the living sludge.“Ready to give up?” Kerrigan asked, already knowing the answer.“Go fuck yourself,” Nova spat, still trying to be defiant even though her body trembled with fear.“Oh,” Kerrigan smiled, “I fully intend to. After I kill you.”Nova’s heart skipped a beat. She hadn’t expected mercy, but she didn’t expect her to come quite so quickly. “Wh-what?”“Oh, don’t be so dramatic,” Kerrigan chuckled. “There are other ways to die than loss of life. What I have in store for you is more like the death of your personality. Your pain-in-the-ass, always-in-my-way, hot shot persona.“Nova,” she continued, smirking as she tapped the blonde on the nose, “will cease to exist when I’m done. What will I call you? Hmm… certainly not by your silly agent number. No, no—you need something different. Something more fitting. How about… Cum Dumpster? Doesn’t that have a lovely ring to it?”The woman continued to glare as she struggled against the rising alien sludge. Her lips quivered with anger mixed with terror as she lifted her head in a feeble attempt to keep the Zerg substance from rising. She might have thought her plan was working to some degree, but it merely stopped at Nova’s neck by its own volition, the slime bubbling and pulsing as it inadvertently caressed her cheek. She fought back, determined not to go out like this.“Are you ready to watch a real assassin at work?” Kerrigan mocked, still smirking as triumphantly as ever.“Wh-whatev—” Nova was interrupted as the Zerg creep suddenly pushed against her neck, causing her reply to turn to a gasp of surprise. She was certain this was the end. ‘Choked to death by the Zerg—how fucking pathetic,’ she briefly thought to herself. Only the substance never pushed any harder against her throat. Instead, her eyes went wide as she realized the substance was rapidly filling her skin tight body suit from the neck.The sensation was enough to make her skin crawl as the alien slime rubbed over her body, filling absolutely every nook, cranny, and crevice. It felt just as disgusting as she would have imagined.“You don’t look like you’re enjoying yourself. A pity, really. You feel absolutely wonderful to me,” Kerrigan nibbled her bottom lip as she willed some of the slime to shift and caress over Nova’s perfectly toned body.“Go ahead and do it, you coward!” Nova yelled.“If you insist,” Kerrigan gave a nonchalant shrug.The blonde felt the Zerg sludge bubbling and squirming around her body once more, crawling over every inch of skin while idly prodding at her pussy and asshole. It brought a slight blush to the normally cool and collected Ghost’s face. It was an absolutely disgusting sensation, only made worse by staring up at Kerrigan’s grinning face.“I’m not a pervert like you,” Nova haughtily commented.“Perhaps not,” the Zerg Queen shrugged, enjoying the feel of the woman’s skin as the slime caressed over it, “—not yet, anyway.”The Zerg Creep vibrated violently, causing a look of concern over the blonde’s face as it expanded outward, ripping Nova’s body suit to shreds in an instant. Some of the material fluttered through the air for a moment before settling upon the slime-covered floor. Heavy breaths of shock poured from the woman’s lungs as she shivered, having expected the absolute worst. Her naked body shimmered from the alien sludge that had just been so intimately molesting her just moments before. Every inch of her kneeling form was on perfect display for Kerrigan’s lecherous gaze.“Are you going to infest me?” Nova pointedly asked.“Why on earth would I do that?” Kerrigan scoffed and arched a brow. “I want you to suffer. I want you to feel every bit of yourself slowly stripped away, piece by piece. And when you’re on the cusp of insanity—I’ll happily watch as you beg to choke on my cock.”Nova blinked. ‘What was that about…Kerrigan’s cock…?’ she was slightly perplexed as she stared at the Queen’s crotch, only to see something 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Futanari
Anal Sex
Tentacles
Bondage
Vaginal Sex
Rimming
Femdom
Small Penis
Verbal Humiliation
Humiliation
Oral Sex
Face-Sitting
Lesbian Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Blackmail
MILFs
Prostate Milking
all the way through
Come Inflation
Nuns
BDSM
Oviposition
Rough Sex
Anal Fisting
Fisting
Vaginal Fisting
Fucking Machines
Forced Orgasm
Multiple Orgasms
Snowballing
Come Eating
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
None
