Chapter 1: Beauty and the Beast
    




Chapter Text
Peter’s kennel is easily the nicest.Tony takes good care of all his pets, mind you. Unhappy specimens make poor test subjects.But the ones that catch his eye, his favorites, they get special treatment.Peter is easily one of them. His precious pet. His little princess. Peter’s the newest addition to his collection, but oh, Tony loves him already. Peter isn’t kept in the basement with the others. Peter’s room is in the middle of Tony’s spacious penthouse suite.It faces the living room and the floor-to-ceiling windows beyond it. The back wall of the living room has been replaced with a pane of glass, revealing the room behind it, Peter’s pretty little cell. Tony pulled out all the stops for his youngest, littlest, sweetest omega. The only boy in Tony’s whole collection. Male omegas are rare; ones as delectable as Peter Parker are even more so, and deserve the best treatment possible.Tony stands on the other side of the glass, smiling as he surveys the room. In the center, Peter’s luxurious pet bed sits like a centerpiece. It’s only about a foot off the ground, oval-shaped, like most pet beds are, but large enough for ten pets Peter’s size to fit comfortably. The round mattress is set in a hardwood frame that matches its size and shape, the lip of the frame rising an inch or so higher than the edge of the mattress, enclosing it, keeping it nice and secure where it belongs.Hanging from the ceiling above the bed is a circular canopy, draping beautiful, sheer-white curtains over almost the entire bed. Twinkling fairy lights are strung up within the white canopy, making it glow and glitter like the pretty little princess bed it is.There are two doors to Peter’s kennel. The first is on the right-side wall, leading to the rest of Tony’s penthouse. Tony keeps this door locked always, though Peter can’t reach it anyway. The second door is in the back corner, leading to the boy’s small ensuite bathroom. Peter’s chain gives him more than enough room to reach the toilet and bathtub - in fact, he can reach everything in the room, except the exit door.Peter’s bed faces the glass wall, faces the living room and the windows. Tony stands on the other side of the panes and watches the little thing, timidly curled up in his mountain of baby blankets and pillows. Beside Peter’s bed is his toy chest, a decorative white box full of books, games, toys he thought the boy might like. Peter’s only opened it once since he was brought here and didn’t touch a thing inside.On the other side of his bed is his little table, a hand-carved coffee table Tony repurposed for his pet to eat at. The table only comes up to Peter’s knees, though Tony made sure to place a plush pink cushion on the floor in front of it for his baby to sit on. Peter’s pink, sparkly metal dishes are magnetically stuck to the top of the table, the pull strong enough to ensure Peter can’t cheat and lift the bowls to eat from. His pet has to kneel and eat from his dishes like the precious little puppy he is.The walls are somewhat decorated; Peter’s name is spelled out in pink wooden blocks hanging on the otherwise grey back wall. More fairy lights frame both doorways, making the room feel warmly-lit and feminine. A pastel rug is spread out on the marble floor in front of Peter’s toy chest, matching the white and pink color scheme of the rest of the room. It’s a small, simple kennel, but easily the nicest one Tony’s designed.Peter is a shy little thing. He tried to hide in the bathroom at first, but Tony simply turned the AC up in the small room to freeze Peter out. Now, the boy spends hours sitting in his pretty pet bed, clawing at his collar, a charming metal band around his neck with a pastel-pink ruffled bow and a little bell in the front. At the back, Peter’s chain trails from his collar to the left wall, furthest from the exit door, where it’s fused to the cement beneath two layers of gunmetal grey paint. Alpha-tested and unbreakable. Peter yanks at it until his neck is pink and swollen and Tony’s mouth is watering.He chooses Peter’s mate very carefully. Any official, by-the-books mating service worth its salt would be manically concerned about pairing Peter up. In general, omegas are small, petite little things, averaging around 5’2 in height and hardly passing 100lbs. Tall omegas stand at a whopping 5’5 or 5’6, whereas short omegas, like his darling little Peter, sit pretty at 4’11 and need three full meals a day to weigh 95lbs.An authorized matchmaker would never consider an alpha taller than 6’2 for an omega as tiny as Peter. Alphas tend to be the polar opposite to omegas in stature; with increased muscle mass and superior height, almost all alphas tower over omegas and betas alike. It’s not unusual to find hulking, intimidating alphas nearing 7’5, weighing in at 300lbs of pure deadly muscle. Since alphas tend to have knots proportionately sized to their height and weight, an alpha anywhere near that size would a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Forced Bonding
Forced Daddy Kink
arranged mating
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Confinement
forced pet play
Master/Pet
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Beta Tony Stark
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Forced Heat Cycles
Non-Consensual Touching
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Non-Consensual Kissing
Bondage and Discipline
Forced Feminization
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dark Tony Stark
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

