Work Text:
  The worst thing about being a super-hero, Peter decided, was the meetings. If he had known that becoming an Avenger (even if Tony Stark said that he was the junior leagues) then he never would have become a vigilante. He mostly could skip them (and who knew that school would actually be useful?!) with the promise that someone would fill him in later. Sometimes the meetings were ‘to sensitive for Spider-Baby ears’ and he got to go patrolling instead since they had learnt the hard way that a floor up was not enough for Peter to not hear what was going on. But when Grandpa Fury (and Peter had yet to call the super-spy this to his face. He was a little worried he would die to young if he did) called and said there was a meeting, you bet Peter’s ass was in a chair. It usually meant that there was a mission that needed the whole team or something big was about to go down. This was not the case. Peter sat in between Tony and Colonel Rhodes, eyes glazed over and tuning out what ever Natasha had been saying. She had been speaking for a while now and as much as he admired the spy, Peter hadn’t heard a word she had said. Instead he was mentally trying to match a song to the hum of Tony’s arc reactor. “We have some visitors joining us from our Europe Office,” Fury said, jolting Peter out of his thoughts. A man and a woman entered the room. Both were dressed in power suits, not a hair out of place and even if Peter wasn’t a superhero, he would have known that these were two people he wouldn’t want to cross. His sense’s prickled at the back of his neck and he adjusted himself closer to Tony’s side. “This is Egidio Pavan and Tullia Marchini,” Fury introduced. “They are the ones who brought this to our attention.” “Buongiorno,” Egidio nodded at them. “Don’t worry if you can’t understand,” Rhodey leaned in and whispered in Peter’s ear as Egidio started speaking rapidly in Italian. “We can fill you in later.” Peter opened his mouth to answer but paused when Fury glanced at the two of them. Instead he sat up straighter in his chair and finally paid attention. Because what Colonel Rhodes had clearly forgotten was that Peter had been raised by May Parker, a fierce Italian woman who had been teaching the Peter the language ever since he was a small kid. He pulled a confused face, making sure to look between everyone as the two European’s spoke. They were talking about a genetic mutation that was starting to crop up in their nation. A lizard type person, a man known as Sheffield, had wreaked havoc on a small village outside of Italy. SHEILD had covered up the incident before it could make the news, but they were certain that the lizard-man had gotten away and was making their way to the US. “We believe that they may be trying to get in contact with Richard and Mary Parker,” Tullia said. “They were conducting research of a similar nature.” Peter didn’t have to keep his face from reacting to that as they had said the name in English. He felt all of the Avenger’s eyes turn to look at him, but Peter was too busy looking at Tony with his mouth open. Tony’s hand came down hard on Peter’s shoulder and he squeezed it tightly. “They passed away several years ago. They have had nothing to do with this.” Tullia didn’t look convinced. “There research was highly advanced and sensitive. We have already searched OSCORP for the files, but they have since been deleted. We know they had a son. We believe they passed it along to him.” This was news to Peter. He knew that his parents had been scientists and had once worked for OSCORP. Ben and May had never gone into the details of their work, telling him that it was ‘super-secret scientist stuff’ but before they had passed, they had left the organisation. Tony squeezed his shoulder tighter. “They didn’t pass anything along.” “How can you be so sure?” Egidio asked. “If Stark says it isn’t true, then it isn’t,” Natasha interrupted. “Sheffield is aware of the son,” Tullia continued. “Whether or not the son has the information of their research, he will be coming for him. We need to track him down before that can happen.” “We’ll offer the protection,” Steve said. “We can track him down.” “We would like to speak with him,” Egidio said. Peter got the distinct impression that they wanted to interrogate him for the information that he absolutely didn’t have. Tony must have thought so too as his fingers flexed against Peter’s shoulder again. “This is a SHEILD priority,” Egidio said. “Your responsibility will be for when Sheffield shows up. He is strong and will require certain skills to take him down. We will handle the boy.” “Have you found him yet?” Fury asked, voice neutral. “Any clues as to where the son may be.” “Oh yes, we know where he is,” Tullia said, eyes landing on Peter. “He’s right here.” Tony’s grip was particularly tight against Peter’s shoulder now, but Peter could barely register it. “You touch him, and I’ll blast you through that wall,” Tony growled. “Are you standing in the way
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Double Agents
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Avengers
Peter is a Little Shit
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Language Barrier
SHIELD
Nick Fury Knows All
Grandpa Fury
Nick Fury is a Good Bro
Bad Decisions
I'm Bad At Tagging
Meetings Are Boring
Short & Sweet
One Shot
One Shot Collection

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

