Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
On Monday afternoon, Peter sat in his Chemistry class, his last class of the day, and also his favorite. The teacher, Mr. Harrington, was one of his favorite teachers. In part because of the class he taught, but also because of how much faith the man had in him for the Academic Decathlon and that he generally seemed to be a good guy and to care about his students. Of all his teachers, he was the one who’s attitude hadn’t changed much after Uncle Ben died. Most of the teachers started treating him with kid gloves, but not Harrington. He’d been incredibly understanding, but he’d still treated Peter as a capable teenager.A few minutes before the final bell rang, Harrington called the class to attention. “I know you’re all excited to get out of here. But I have an announcement. We’re going on a class field trip. This is specifically for the senior class, so you’ll be with all of your classmates. We’ll be going this Friday and it will last past school hours, until about 5 pm,” he held up a stack of papers. “I need these permission slips back by Wednesday because security needs a complete tally, including names, of every student who’ll be there.” He started down the aisles between the lab tables, passing out the permission slips. Being a specialized school instead of a regular one, their senior class was only about 60 students.Peter looked down at the permission slip that was laid on his desk as excited whispering broke out around him. The words STARK INDUSTRIES/AVENGERS TOWER in large black letters at the top of the page seemed to mock him.“The second page of the permission slip is a rundown of all the rules you need to follow while we’re there. Make sure you’re here on time on Friday. If you miss the bus when we leave, you won’t be able to catch up at Avengers Tower.” The bell rang and Harrington dismissed them. “Mr. Parker, stay behind please.”Peter stayed at his lab table, wishing he had MJ or Ned in this class with him, but thankful that Flash wasn’t in this class. The other students filtered out, talking excitedly to each other. Once the room was empty, Principal Morita and one of the guidance counselors, Ms. O’Reilly, entered. The three adults sat around Peter’s lab table.“We need to talk about the field trip on Friday, Peter,” Ms. O’Reilly began. “We know you’ve been spreading this rumor about your Stark internship….”“It’s not a rumor,” he quickly interrupted. “It’s a real internship.” Well, real in that he worked with Tony at the Tower. But it was more than a normal internship.“Peter, we know that Stark Industries doesn’t have high school interns,” Mr. Harrington said.“I turned in paperwork for it. Aunt May and Mr. Stark signed it,” he looked to Principal Morita.The principal sighed. “I let the paperwork slide, Mr. Parker. I know it’s forged.” Shocked, he stared around at the three adults. “Which brings us to what we want to talk to you about. It doesn’t reflect well on the school to have a student lie about something like a Stark internship.”“When you are in college, and able to actually get an internship, this lie could reflect poorly on you as well and stop you from getting real opportunities.” Ms. O’Reilly’s understanding look grated on Peter’s nerves. “We understand wanting to seem cool to your classmates, Peter. We’ve all been there. But it’s time to end the lie. We need you to admit to us that you don’t have an internship with Stark Industries and stop spreading this rumor.”“What?”“Look, you don’t have to announce to your classmates that you were lying, but you can’t talk about it anymore,” Morita grimaced.“Mr. Harrington? I thought you knew I was telling the truth?”“Peter, no. It’s an outrageous lie, and I honestly thought you would have outgrown it by now.” Some of the betrayal he felt must have shown on his face because Harrington looked away from him.Looking over at the other two, Peter made a decision. He wasn’t going to lie to these people, just because they didn’t believe the truth. “I’m not going to lie to you,” he sighed. “The internship is real. I’m not a regular intern at SI, I intern for Mr. Stark personally.”“Enough, Mr. Parker. If that is how you want to handle this, you’re suspended. For the rest of the week,” Morita stood up. “You’re a smart kid, and I think there are plenty of real opportunities that would benefit you. But we can’t have you telling these kinds of lies anymore. It reflects poorly on all of us.”“Suspended?” Peter asked in shock.“Yes. Unless you confess to your lie right now.” Peter remained silent. “Very well. You’re dismissed, Mr. Parker. Go home and consider the ramifications of your lies.”Peter trudged to the subway entrance. He sat on the train, lost in swirling thoughts about betrayal from Harrington and anger at O’Reilly, Morita, and Harrington. He was so lost in his thoughts, that he didn’t realize he’d been on the train for two hours. The next time the train came to his stop, he got off and trudged to his and May’s a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
I love that there's so many of these fics that there's a tag for them
No one believes Peter and they're all wrong
Irondad

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

