Chapter 1: Aunt May Needs a Drink
    




Chapter Text
May Parker was curious when she heard the doorbell. She wasn’t expecting anyone. Shaking the water off her hands she grabbed a dish towel while making her way to the door. “COMING!” Drying her hands she opened the door. “Hello, can I help you?”“My name is Daisy Johnson and I need to talk to you about your nephew Peter.” The newly proclaimed Daisy was a young woman, early twenties, dark hair under a knit cap, leather jacket, flannel, torn jeans, too dark make-up, and pain practically oozing out of her.May knew instinctively that this person was scared. “What about Peter?” She didn’t open the door further.“This is uh… best not to be talked about in the open.” Daisy’s eyes glanced furtively. “I promise I’m here to help.” May tightened her hold of the dishtowel. But Peter. She stepped back. “He hasn’t gotten into any trouble has he?” “Not like you’re thinking.” Daisy stepped in neatly. She turned, seeing the door still open. Her hand raised and the door shut without a single touch. She startled back. “You’re one of them.” “Inhuman.” Daisy rubbed at one arm. “I promise I’m not going to hurt you.” May had been around kids long enough to see several things she hadn’t picked up on first look. The clothing Daisy was wearing was all slept in, the dark circles under her eyes the make-up was trying to cover, the bruising on her hands. There were the faintest remnants of a black eye hidden with make-up. “We don’t want any trouble.” “I…” Daisy bit at her lower lip and then pulled out a phone and offered it over. “I’ve been keeping an eye on Peter and..I’m sorry I didn’t realize till now, put the pieces together. But he’s got powers. I don’t know how. He doesn’t have Inhuman genetic markers-”May side stepped closer to a lamp. If she could get to the lamp. “Genetics? How-” “Middle school, they took DNA samples as part of their cultural backgrounds project. SHIELD filed it away into their database. Never did anything with it. Bureaucracy is the worst.” Daisy’s lips twitched slightly. “But well I ran a search that included those old files and Peter’s pinged.” She stopped in her approach to the lamp. “Why did it ping?” “Not because he’s part alien like me, but because we share a certain level of commonality.” Daisy looked positively sick. “We share a father. Perfectly human one.” She let her fingers wrap around the base of the lamp that was now behind her. “You said Peter has powers?” Oh god, if that was true people would try and take him away from her. She wouldn’t let that happen. Now to somehow smash this lamp over the Inhuman in her living room.“You know the Spiderman? The one who’s been helping people for the last two weeks?” Daisy shifted, her shoulders tight. “I found this.” She tilted her phone screen so that the video on it was visible. May released the lamp and grabbed the phone from Daisy’s hand. Because there was shitty security footage of Peter changing into red and blue sweats. She pressed a hand to her chest as it dawned on her exactly what that meant. “I’m going to kill that boy! I knew he was keeping secrets after Ben, but this is...He could get hurt!” “Hey that’s why I’m here.” Daisy patted her shoulder before drawing back with a jerk. “I just want to help. I’ve deleted all the footage already. No one will find out how I did.” She pressed the heel of a hand against her forehead. “I’m sorry, did you try to say you’re related to Peter?” “Half-sister technically. Apparently Tony Stark seduced a lot of married women. Including your sister and my mom among others…” Daisy toed at the carpet. May opened and then shut her mouth. She knew her sister had had an affair before Peter. It had been nothing...but the timeline was close enough. But Tony Stark? “Why should I believe you?” “Look I’m just here to help. I don’t know how he got his but well.” Daisy shrugged. “I can help make sure you can keep the two of you off anyone’s radar. Oh and I have the DNA results.”She lowered her hand. May considered the girl, and god she was barely older than a child herself. “Why come to me and not Peter?” “Because you love him.” Daisy replied simply. ////Peter stopped in his tracks as he realized there was someone in their apartment. He raised a single hand. “Hi?” Sitting in the ‘guest’ chair was a girl who was basically inhaling what looked like an entire pan of lasagna. And she wasn’t like one of May’s friends, she looked cool. Like fishnet long sleeves with a flannel shirt, sleeves cut off over the top. Clunky jewelry, black hair, ripped jeans, dark makeup. She was just missing a guitar or something. LIke cool biker, garage band girl. The sorta senior at school who didn’t even acknowledge his existence. She apparently didn’t know she wasn’t supposed to acknowledge his existence. She raised a single hand up, just as awkwardly as him. “Sup.” “Oh thank god you’re home safe.” Aunt May was suddenly there hugging him tightly. One arm yanking him to her around the back, her other han
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Skye | Daisy Johnson & Peter Parker & Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Darcy Lewis/Pietro Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Darcy/Peter/Daisy are siblings
Season 4 of Agent of SHIELD
Civil War needs to be shot in the head
The Stark Kids Are All Smart In Different Ways
Aunt May and Pepper do not Deserve This
Daisy is Full of Angst
Sibling Fluff
Peter is a teen
He Gets Hero Training Wheels
BAMF Skye | Daisy Johnson
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Skye | Daisy Johnson is Tony Stark's Daughter
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
The Accords
Angst and Humor
The Timeline is What I Say It Is
Spiderman PS4 Game World Building Borrowed Shamelessly
PR is Important
ships are not the focus
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Angst and Feels
America Ninja Warrior

fandom: 
Skye | Daisy Johnson & Peter Parker & Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Darcy Lewis/Pietro Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

