Chapter 1: The Uncompromised and Unbiased Truth
    




Chapter Text
“Are you sure I look alright?” Steve questioned Nat as she looked him over one last time appraisingly. Clint scoffed and turned his head from where he was perched on the couch.“For the hundredth time, Cap.” He groaned exasperated. “You look, great, the perfect all-American Boy Scout.” Steve gave a chuckle at the archer’s joke.“Funny.” He then took a deep breathe “Okay, I’m ready.” He told Nat. she nodded, and Sam stood in front of him passing him his statement.“Steve… are you sure we aren’t going to be making a further enemy of Stark with this statement?” He asked hesitantly. Steve shook his head and grasped the other man on his shoulder.“The people need to know the truth. I care about Toni, but this has gone on far enough.” Sam nodded and stepped back as Nat counted him down. Steve gave the camera his best “Performing Monkey” smile.“Good Morning, I’m Steve Rogers, Captain America and I am here to clear the air on all this Civil War nonsense.” He began, best to be blunt on what he was talking about.“First off, I know the world is concerned about the state of things, I’m sure most of you are all concerned about us, the heroes who have been wrongfully persecuted for only standing up for our freedom. But rest assured we still stand for the people and for what’s best for them, should a situation arise where we are needed, we will be there regardless.”“The Avengers were made based on the ideal to fight the battles others never could. We proved that in the Battle of New York, and later in the fight against Ultron. The Accords are a document dressed up in fancy words and packaging for the government to hide its true purpose. To collar the Avengers and make them nothing more than glorified attack dogs for the government.” Here he frowned and made sure his face took on a serious tone to convey that this was no joke.“We exist to fight the battles no normal man could, and due to that we have to be above governments, the safest hands are still our own. Margaret “Peggy” Carter, the woman I loved and still love with all my being who was also the greatest spy to exist, once said, “Even if everyone is telling you that something wrong is something right. Even if the whole world is telling you to move, it is your duty to plant yourself like a tree, look them in the eye, and say, ‘No, you move.’ Rest assured this is the Avengers telling every corrupted government official like Thaddeus Ross who have never been out of the office, who have never been on the front lines, to move. That we will keep fighting for the people.” Now on to the hardest part of the broadcast.“It was this document that split the Avengers down the middle, along with the man known as Zemo’s plan to permanently fracture us. He orchestrated the bombing at the Accords Signing, framing the Winter Soldier, Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes who had spent sixty years as a slave to Hydra. Armed men were sent to kill Bucky in Romania and he and I were forced to defend ourselves against them and eventually King T’Challa of Wakanda. Had he been left alone, no one would have gotten hurt and the tunnel would not have collapsed. Later Zemo infiltrated the headquarters in Berlin to trigger the Winter Soldier for information about the location of five other Winter Soldiers HYDRA had created. We knew he had to be stopped but the Accords were not to be trusted with people like Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross at the helm. So we decided to call upon those we trusted, unfortunately the Avengers who had signed the Accords, under the command of Iron Woman were sent after us. We fought and after Natasha Romanoff, aka the Black Widow saw the error of the corrupt documents and went against them. I’m sorry to say that due to the other side refusing to back down, Colonel Rhodes was injured in the ensuing chase. I wish him nothing but a speedy recovery. Following that the rest of my team was apprehended and illegally and inhumanly held at the RAFT prison.”“Now even though we were outmanned Bucky- Sergeant Barnes and I, knew we had to stop the threat to the world. Toni Stark, Iron Woman arrived to assist us. But soon after she turned against us and attacked Bucky, an innocent man and I was forced to subdue her.” He glared slightly at the camera almost seeing the piercing green eyes of the brunette, eyes that sometimes haunted him.“When we left her to cool off, she was fine. This whole coma nonsense is a farce that has quite frankly gone on long enough. She was never hurt severely enough for that to happen and if she thinks she will get anywhere with this childish tantrum, then she isn’t the woman I thought she was. We may be a team but it seems she will need to be reminded of what that means. I wish that I, that we could be there to answer all the questions you, the people we fight for seem to have but I have high hopes that the wrongs that caused us to flee before will be righted and we can return home soon. Thank you.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers and Team Cap
Tony Stark and Team Iron Man

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Team Not As Family
Press Statements
Awesome Shuri (Marvel)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers and Team Cap
Tony Stark and Team Iron Man

