Work Text:
It’s the wolf that brings Loki word of the happy couple. It slinks into the cave with its belly to the ground, metal fur leaving deep gouges and sparking against the rock. The floor of Loki’s den looks like the inside of a forge after so many months (years?) spent recovering—an endless procession of night and day and night that Loki has endured silent and alone, with only this single and most loyal of his creations for company.How Fenrir found him, he doesn’t know. He thought the wolf destroyed ages past, like the Jormungand serpent, or his handmaiden Hel. It was only Sleipnir Odinfather kept—only the gift Loki fashioned at his brother’s request and in his name.How the old man welcomed Loki’s skill then, when he thought it Thor’s generosity and power at work.But let Loki’s hand be known and there is no pleased reception or fragrant oil to rub the joints of his creations until they gleam. There is only the icy depths of the ocean, and cellars so deep they might as well be on Helheimr, the dead world after which Loki named his second creation.Too dangerous, Odinfather chided him as they sent Hel down into that abyss, one silver piece at a time. An arm. A thigh. Her whirling, blind eyes. Loki, you reach too far.Loki was shamed then, and thought himself as foolish as Odinfather named him. In his workings, he had seen only the beauty of creation. He had seen only power and majesty and a terrible, glittering awe. He had not understood their danger, although he sensed a confusing wrongness in the way Odinfather drew back from his gifts with a horrified twist to his lips.Perhaps it was not Loki’s workings that Odinfather feared, but their maker. Perhaps he saw Jotun brutality in Fenrir’s claws and Jormungand’s fangs. Perhaps he saw those grotesque, gigantic forms mimicked by Hel’s gruesome visage.On the nights Loki dares to creep skyward—when he turns his face up to the ruined moorings of the Bifrost—he thinks that Odinfather was perhaps right to fear.It was Fenrir the Allfather hated most of all: Loki’s third and final failed gift. He ordered the wolf destroyed in an instant, handing it over to Thor and Thor’s hammer while Loki stood stunned and silent in his brother’s shadow.Whether Thor looked at him then, Loki does not know. He had eyes only for his father—for the stern disappointment glittering in Odinfather’s single eye.What Loki knows is that Thor lifted the end of the chain from the ground where it fell when Loki tried unsuccessfully to hand the lead to their father. What he knows is the wolf lapping his hand one last time before being dragged away in a shower of metal and sparks.He knows also that Thor found him in his rooms later, and laid a twisted lump of collar in his lap. As Loki fingered the charred metal, Thor’s hand settled on his shoulder (heavy; a crushing weight) and Thor said, “There is no use in crying over metal, Brother. Come. I know a place where we can find women and song. And drink. You look like you could use a drink.”Did Loki go with him? Perhaps. Probably. It was never in him to deny Thor anything—not to his face.Thor, the golden son. Thor, the beloved warrior.Thor, who apparently disobeyed the Odinfather in the matter of Fenrir’s destruction just as he has on so many other occasions. And he never spoke a word of it. He watched Loki mourn—he let him mourn—and he said nothing.The years between that day and this have not been kind to Loki’s last and best-loved creation. Fenrir’s eyes glow only with banked fire, the flames guttering and low. When he first found Loki, rust flaked his silver pelt. One ear hung askew. His tail drooped.Even so, he was a thing of beauty compared to Loki in those first few weeks. It’s hardly surprising, when Loki recalls his fall through rings of fire before he managed to halt his headlong descent, fetching up against hard earth and skidding over exposed, jagged black rocks. Then there was a timeless trek over barren wasteland—a torturous ascent up towering cliffs—until he reached this place, these caves.Only a day’s journey from Asgard, and Loki is leagues too far from home. He’s eons too close.The wolf has nursed him back to health. It has stolen food and water and even clothes, allowing him to regain some small semblance of his former dignity. Just as importantly, it has brought him images of the life he lost on his last and greatest gamble—to earn Odinfather’s love, to prove his loyalty. To distance himself from Thor forever before he allowed his instincts to drive him to an act for which he would never forgive himself.The wolf has brought him sights and sounds: collections of its daily experience spent skulking around the underbelly of Asgard. It was meant as a spy—meant to watch and record and report the movements of the hated Jotuns—and report it does. Oh, the places Loki sees; the voices he hears. The familiar, longed-for rhythms of his childhood come back to him through Fenrir’s aid—blissful days when he was still foolish enough to believe he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Sif/Thor

freeform: 
First Time
Rough Sex
Restraints
Light Bondage
Secret Yearning
Self Esteem Issues
consort

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Sif/Thor

