Chapter 1



Notes:
Edited by notapartytrick




Chapter Text
“Giant worms. Really? That’s my life now? Fist fighting giant worms in the middle of the fucking forest?” Clint leaned his head on the trunks of one of the giant sequoias that was thankfully not drenched in giant worm guts, chugging a water bottle.“You wouldn’t have had to fist fight them if you had packed more arrows,” Nat pointed out.“Oh, nice, pick on the arrow guy because he is burdened by the disadvantage of his only weapon being limited to the amount of arrows he can carry in his quiver,” Clint retorted.“You’d fit more in your quiver if you just let me make you nanobot arrows. Hit your target and then it’ll boomerang right back in,” Tony said, leaning on a tree, armored arms crossed.“They don’t feel right,” Clint said, face scrunching in disgust.“I can  make them feel right,” Tony scoffed.“They won’t feel right.”“You haven’t even felt them yet!” Tony exclaimed, hands flying up.“And I know that they won’t feel right!”“Hey!” Steve interjected, voice firm. “We’ve had a very long day, so let’s just head back, alright?”“Can we at least get some food? I didn’t have breakfast, and that was… a mistake,” Bucky said.“I could definitely use some fuel for the ride back,” Sam added.“I’m picking up heat signatures about a mile west,” Tony said.“A  mile ?” Clint whined.“Suck it up, Barton. Get your steps in,” Natasha said.“I get  plenty  of steps. I get so many steps. I have  gotten  more than enough steps today while I was  fist fighting giant worms  . Seriously, can we please talk about that? Can we  please  talk about the sixty foot worms? Because I feel like we are being very lax about the fact that  sixty foot worms  just  exist.”“We’re over it,” Bucky said with a shrug. “Get over it.”“Ge- just  get over it? I don’t think I’m gonna be able to do that, pal.”“Can we start walking to these heat signatures before my stomach implodes in starvation?” Sam asked.“That’s not how stomachs work,” Bruce said.“Oh did you learn that when you got one of your seven PhDs?” Sam asked dryly.“You guys are really not gonna let me live that down, huh?” Bruce said, head bowing in embarrassment.“Seven is just overkill,” Tony said. “Seven isn’t a feat, it’s a sign of poor planning and indecisiveness.”“Yeah, yeah,” Bruce mumbled.After a long ten minute walk of tired bickering and an awkward bathroom break ( you really couldn’t wait five minutes, Clint? ), they approached a small town, which was a confusing mix of abandoned old country western film ghost town and bustling amish village. “What is this place?” Sam muttered.“I think that’s a restaurant over there?” Steve said. “You think they take walk-ins?”“I think that they’ve never taken walk-ins from anyone who doesn’t live in this Brigadoon,” Tony replied.“Well today’ll be a first,” Steve said, a bright but strained smile on his face.They entered the restaurant, walls painted a solid cream and tables and chairs a dark wood. Everyone froze, eyes wide as they stared at the Avengers.“Y’think they’re fans?” Bucky asked.An old woman in a frilly apron approached them, giving them all a big plastic smile. “Hello. How may I help you?”“We were wondering if we could get a table? We just got back from a very taxing mission and would love to get some food from your lovely establishment,” Steve said, switching on his Captain America charm. “Of course,” she said. “Let us set you up a table.” She turned to her coworkers and gave them a quick order in Irish Gaelic.The two workers nodded curtly, rushing to push the tables together, rearranging the chairs for them.As the team took seats, they all let out a collective sigh, their sore muscles finally getting a break. “I don’t think I’m gonna be able to get up from this chair ever again. I think I live here now,” Clint said, eyes closed as he slumped in his chair.“So, what’ve they got on the menu?” Tony asked.“Lots of comfort food. Couple stews, couple casseroles. Doesn’t say what’s in them though,” Sam said.“I’m guessing everyone here is a regular and they know the usuals,” Tony stated. His gaze drifted to Steve whose brows were furrowed in deep thought. “Somethin’ on your mind, Cap?”Steve shushed him silently. His brows furrowed even deeper. He turned on his comm, motioning for everyone else to do the same. “Read your menus, so not to draw attention.” They did so. “I’ve been listening to the workers. They’re speaking my ma’s mother language, and what they’re saying…” He stopped. “They said to ‘initiate full blackout’ and ‘do not let the variables escape.’ I think there might be a hostage situation.”The Avengers went silent. “Hostiles are armed,” Steve told them. “We need to act.”Tony stood up from the table, the others staring at him, trying not to look alarmed. He approached them with perfected feigned casual confidence. “Do you guys have a bathroom?”The woman looked up, unsettlingly calm. “I am sorry. We do not have one.”“Then may I go into the kitchen, please? I’m a bit of a germaphobe and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers Family
Fluff and Angst
Peter Parker Whump
Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Banter
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Recovery
Brainwashing
Dehumanization
Kidnapping
Past Abuse
Past Torture
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Attempt at Humor
Hurt Peter Parker
Family Feels
the rape is not graphic
there is a scene depicting it but not in detail
and it is referenced several times
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Platonic Cuddling
Brief Mentions of Cannibalism
Brief Mentions of Bodily Fluids and Functions
Vomiting
Non-Consensual Drug Use

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

