Work Text:
James Barnes, known to those who knew him well enough to get past his cold exterior and his flat stare as ‘Bucky’, sat at the table of his favourite restaurant and knew he was not about to be interrupted. On the table was an untouched plate of golubtsy, two glasses of water (one still, the other sparkling) and a napkin that was folded neatly into a fan. He wore a smart suit, nothing too loud or noticeable, just neatly tailored and plain black. His shoes too, were black, shined just enough to make an impression but not enough to stand out. His hair was longer than was perhaps fashionable, and he had that neatly tied back off his face.“The surveillance at the docks still hasn’t moved.” A red-headed woman in a pencil skirt and a red blouse told him, sitting comfortably on her chair. “From what I can see the feds think that it’s a base.”“Hmm.” Bucky nodded, looking over at the door where a young couple had wandered in. Almost instantly, the owner appeared, ushering them out again in a low voice, heavily accented. Bucky watched with a disinterested eye, as the woman watched them like a hawk watches prey. Once the couple were out of the door, the owner scurried back to his station, far enough away that he could hear nothing. There had been various attempts to bug Yashas restaurant, and each one failed. His records were spotless, taxes paid on time, and despite their best efforts, the organised crime task force had no ground to take the portly man in, or close his place. They may have had better luck if Bucky didn’t have quite so good a reach into their organisation.“Clint tells me that they’ve filed for a warrant.” He said, watching her as she smiled. Clint thinks that Bucky is not aware that he’s sleeping with Natasha. Natasha knows this too, it’s a bit of amusement for her – Bucky likes her well enough to let her have this secret joke. Clint’s position in the bureau has been infinitely useful to their organisation, and Bucky would have been an idiot to push him away.“Excellent.” She said, leaning back a little and taking a sip of the water. Her red lips leave no mark on the glass – just like she leaves no trace of herself when she partakes in slightly less than legal business transactions. Natasha Romanov was an excellent business woman, and James Barnes was a ghost, a myth. He kept a nice apartment, owned his own shipping company, made enough to keep himself comfortable and yet not quite enough to attract attention. The Organised Crime task force thought he was some mid-level wanna-be, climbing up the ranks.Bucky had been the ‘Winter Soldier’ since he was 15 years old. When Bucky was 12 years old, he was caught stealing from a local store – the owner didn’t call the cops on him, but told him that if he wanted a jar of pasta sauce so bad he’d be willing to risk prison, then maybe he had a few errands that James could do.So he’d started running messages, and then parcels, and then one day he’d beat the ever-loving shit out of some guys trying to rape a girl in an alley. That girl had turned out to be Natasha, the daughter of the very Boss that Bucky had been running for.Their friendship was instant – she’d been caught off her guard (it never happened again in all the years he’d known her) and once Bucky had started throwing punches, she’d already pulled out a slim blade from her boot.Bucky was treated like a little prodigal son, and quickly rose up – Natasha at his side. No one wanted to take orders from a woman, even though she was twice as deadly as any man he knew, and her father knew this. Bucky loved working for Romanov. He learned more from that man than from any other person in his life. Not just things like how to work a racetrack, or how to hide a shipment inside another shipment, but other, little things.He learned how to talk to people, how to control his temper, how to shake hands and what order to use the cutlery with. He learned how to dance, how to pick a good tailor.  He learned how to see things, to look at people and read them fast, what to notice and what to remember. Romanov had been more of a father to him than his own – a man only distantly remembered for his fists and the smell of cheap whiskey.Bucky owed him everything. He paid for Bucky’s mom’s medical bills, her apartment. He put Bucky through the best schools, tutors, instructors. Moulded him. Shaped him. And then, when Bucky was 15 years old, he had a stroke.No one knew. No one could know, any sign of weakness would have been like a drop of blood in shark infested waters. He didn’t look much different, a little weakness on one side, he walked with a cane – people assumed it was for show, a little gentlemanly twist to this educated mob boss, but his mind was damaged.Bucky had been sitting at his side, relaying his requests for 3 years. He simply kept doing that, Natasha covering with him. Together they took over from her father without anyone knowing better. By the time he was 18, Bucky was running the show. Natasha continued
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Prostitution
Alternate Universe - Criminals
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Mob Boss Bucky
Prostitute Steve
Stripper Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

