Chapter 1: Avenger Wrangler (part one?)
    




Chapter Text

Maria Hill was a miracle worker as far as you were concerned, and while you had - in your first few years at S.H.I.E.L.D.  - practically worshipped the ground she walked on and hoped to grow up to be just like her, this was not what you had in mind.

“What did I do to you?” You asked. “Is this a past life punishment? Did I fuck up on something critical and no one told me?”

“No,” There was an unfair amusement cast over Maria’s face as she leaned back against the wall of the conference room where you’d just been briefed on your next assignment. “This is actually a promotion. Of sorts.”

“How do we un-promote me?”

“Y/N, you know most agents would be ecstatic over this assignment.”

You snorted. “I’ve run half a dozen missions with them so far. It’s been a nightmare.”

It was true. Honestly, now that you’d seen behind the PR front of the Avengers, it was astonishing that the world hadn’t ended in New York when the Chitauri had broken through. A-fucking-stonishing. Awesome might heroes they might be, but they had no concept of collateral damage, and that was before you added in the childish antics and weird team dynamics that were just as likely to have them picking fights with each other as picking a fight with the bad guys.

“But you,” Maria stretched out the last syllable. “Kept them on point, focused, and when it went up a creek without a paddle-”

“Because they’re fucking children in the field.”

“Without a paddle,” Maria finished. “You got them to regroup and get out with minimal losses.”

“I will pay you to take me off this assignment.” You pleaded.

“This is coming all the way from the top, Y/N.” She stood. “So suck it up and let’s go make this official.”

You followed Maria to the elevator, biting your tongue the whole time. You should have just promised to do your debrief tomorrow and gone home to your quiet, cozy apartment and hot shower and pint of ice cream and extended version Lord of The Rings, but nooooooo. Maria had shanghai-ed you off the Quinjet the moment you'd touched down post-mission and because it was Maria you'd been too stupid to insist on coming back tomorrow

This had to be a karmic punishment of some kind.

How were you going to get out of this?

The elevator slid to a smooth stop and you stepped off just behind Maria.

And into chaos.

You squeezed your eyes shut and opened them.

Chaos.

"Hill!" Tony shouted, spinning a few feet off the ground. "You made it! Guess who's here? Thor!"

"Are they...are they all drunk?" You asked Maria, who's jaw clench could have ground glass.

"Thor always brings Asgardian mead with him. We should go - they'll be useless til they sober up." She looked like she was about to bite her tongue off. "I specifically told them not to do this so they could meet you..."

"Remind me how this job is a promotion again?" You hissed, backing away towards the elevator. Maybe you could stealth your way out of here...

There was a loud bang from overhead and you hit the floor with the weight of a full body on top of you while the Avengers - Earth's mightiest assholes - laughed.

"Y/N," Clint rolled off you and helped you to your feet. "Sorry."

You pushed to your feet and glanced at the hole in the ceiling. "Were you...were you in the vents?"

"Yeah. Seemed like a good idea at the time."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Wranglers Are Not Adult Supervision
Wrangler
Chaos
Babysitting
Misadventures
Some Swearing
Fluff and Humor
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Trolling
Sam Wilson is a Gift
Villain Wrangler
Memes
Breaking the Fourth Wall
Retired Assassins
Undercover Missions
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Drunken Shenanigans
Family Fluff
Found Family
Chaotic Dumbasses
Avengers Movie Night
Everyone Is Alive
Everyone is Worthy
PITA Avengers
Undercover as a Couple
Mad Science
Villain Wrangling
Bad Puns
so many bad puns
Animal Avengers
Blanket Forts
drama but it's funny
Musical References
Earth's Mightiest Assholes
This has gotten outta hand
serotonin generator
Never Have I Ever
Toddlers are predators
hypotheticals

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

