Chapter 1: Strange-o Mango Tango
    


Notes:
If Loki isn't cast out of somewhere in the first chapter, would it truly be a Loki story?




Chapter Text
“I keep a watch list of individuals and beings from other realms that may be a threat to this world,” Stephen Strange says to Thor. “Your adopted brother Loki is one of these beings,” He continues, casually, as if detecting Loki in New York hadn’t given him half a heart attack and he hadn’t scrambled to come up with something that would be able to deal with the magic alien prince. It wasn’t like the detected high power signature was unexpected or anything with the two self-proclaimed gods turning up, but when it had disappeared in its entirety along with Loki into the portal Strange had been so grateful he’d ended up borrowing some of his pendant’s power as a safety precaution when closing the portal and dropping him in. “A worthy inclusion,” Thor notes, eyes widening as he watches the pint of amber liquid increase in volume till his huge glass is filled up again. He continues to stare at the white froth floating on top, dangerously close to spilling over. As if he wasn’t raised with a sorcerer who could do the same.Yes, Strange thinks, with what he’d been able to sense of his magic, the man had been holding a ridiculously large amount of it. Enough that even with the flashy complexly impenetrable concealing spells he’d been able to sense it was an insanely large amount of raw magic because the barriers had been overflowing. Which shouldn’t even be possible.Why hadn’t the Ancient One gotten involved in handling Loki all those years ago?  Strange wonders, again, as he tends to every time the New York battle comes up as a topic.He understands that as Sorcerer Supreme his main goal is to be a protector of the stone first, and this plane of reality second, but as an infinity stone it’s power easily trumps even the most powerful mage. It would’ve taken 5 minutes for the Ancient One to have prevented all the damage Loki’s attack had done. Stephen likes to think that if he hadn't been consumed in the surgery theater at the time, he would’ve attempted to take Loki on himself, even without magic. It’s simply undeniable that Loki was and still is a threat. Not that Stephen would ever admit he thinks that. As Sorcerer Supreme he has an important reputation to uphold and that involves representing this planet and race as one that won’t cower. Even if Thor is a rather large individual with an undeniably strong magical weapon. “Then why bring him here?” Strange asks, inflection indicating he doesn’t disagree; Loki is a worthy inclusion on his threat list— but also denying he isn’t skeptical about the guys strength. He had, after all, as a magician no matter his caliber, failed miserably in his little Manhattan tantrum, and even that was to a team of 5 mortals without an ounce of magic between them. And his older brother; the one with a reputation for being incredibly dense. Loki’s attack was an insult to both his own magical skills as a sorcerer and his own intelligence as using magic itself takes time and effort to learn and he’s heard ripples of Loki’s status as a ‘Master of Magic’. Of course he has heard of that; in dealing with extra-terrestrial creatures in his line of work it’s impossible not to hear bits of rumours and catch some odd pieces of gossip, but given whatever mess his New York Escapade was, Stephen is not impressed.“We’re looking for my father.”Oh. Well that makes things easier. If Thor had been collaborating with Loki to take over New York it would have been concerning. Thor is, after all, a beloved hero. One of those that people have actually heard of. And no, Stephen isn’t bitter about that. At all. “And if I were to tell you where Odin was, all parties concerned would promptly return to Asgard?” All he’s saying is would it really be too much to get his own ice cream flavour? It’s not like he hasn’t contributed to saving the planet before.Tony Stark gets credit for putting his life on the line while flying a missile through that portal — a portal which Loki shouldn’t have needed a machine for, since he has sufficient magic and presumably enough knowledge to have guided the portal open on its own the back of his mind unhelpfully adds — but did he actually die? No! You know who did? Doctor Stephen frickin Strange. But did he get his own Ben and Jerry’s flavour? No! “Promptly,” Thor supplies, unaware of Stephen’s internal struggle.“Great!” Strange claps his hands, and at Thor’s look of apprehension adds: “I’ll help you then.”“If you knew where he was why didn’t you call me?” Thor, buddy, pal, if I’d known your father was around here, I would’ve sent him straight to Asgard. In fact, if he’d had any decent magical signature that would’ve tripped the radar, I would’ve dropped him off there myself. In fact, Strange realized, since Mr AllFather (yes, he knows who Odin is; intergalactic travelers talk a lot, even when they’re fighting you, evidently) didn’t p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Loki/Happiness - Relationship

freeform: 
maybe don't read this if you think odin and frigga genuinely cared for loki
because asgard is a toxic place
no seriously asgard is going to be low and high key sexist and racist
and there's imperialist ideas and all that
ace Loki
Asexual Loki
watch as odin tries to get rid of his political piece that serves no purpose anymore
watch as he fails miserably
does it even count as a major character death if its loki?
he's basically unkillable/un-stay-dead-able at this point anyways....
Canon who?
loki has zero tolerance for asgard's trash
Time Travel
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
and he actually GETS the hug because thor is a good brother
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
okay so Thor isn't GOOD good but he's honestly trying give him a break
you don't grow up in a cesspool of bad things and grow up to be good
unless you're loki
loki gets to be an exception
so just to clarify Thor IS a good bro he's just also still getting there ya know
he's got the spirit
sexual themes and references but none of the actual fonduing
asgard just has really bad norms
You better buckle in because this fic isn’t exactly going to be short
not from what I can tell
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Homophobia
Fantastic Racism
Racism
Sexism
Crack Treated Seriously
Crack
that's what happens when it's asgard and it messes with you
loki's trying to be better he's just a bit strong but fragile
yes this is crack
Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
the physical abuse doesn’t really count if you’re immune to stabbings and the like?

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Loki/Happiness - Relationship

