Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Every Pup learns their designation will be their value in society from an early age. When you presented as an Omega at 17, your Omega father cried whilst your Alpha mother celebrated. For her it meant you would be in high demand for the Alpha community, someone strong would fight for you to be theirs and never let you go. You would always be desired and always be cared for, hopefully creating your own pack of pups in the process. You could have a fulfilled and comfortable life. For your father, he knew you would be at the mercy of possessive partners, your presentation would mean you would be submissive and nurturing, but he was worried it wouldn't be for the person who deserved it most.
Initially everything was working out correctly, the way it always did. You had interest from local alphas, you were dating, but none made the move to ask for your bond, and none of the relationships were an intense mutual infatuation occurring in True Mates. You were young, it was expected, but as the years crept by, the interest slowed to a stop. Soon most of your peers had their hands full with broods of pups, you were no longer invited on dates, and common ground became smaller and smaller. It was as if you were invisible... a completely unbelievable position for an omega to be in. But were you still an Omega? It didn’t take long for your heats to stop arriving, erratic at best, they paused indefinitely in your early 20s. Without heats, you couldn't incite an Alpha to rut, which meant no bond, and no pups.
When your parents both passed, you realised just how disconnected you had become. It led you to sitting yourself down and contemplating hard on what you wanted in life. You wanted social interaction, a way to excel with your nurturing nature, and you wanted some spontaneity.
Which is how you ended up interviewing for the role of housekeeper on your 30th birthday for a Mr Tony Stark.
"You will manage floors 15 to 17. All decisions are yours to make. Here on floor 15 we have a communal kitchen and common area," he opened his arms and gestured to the space "separate and private for our residents and guests. Down the hall we have a cinema room where we have a weekly film night, laundry and further utilities area for any kitchen storage overflow and an office for you for when the residents inevitably lock themselves out of their rooms. Everyone is currently on the 16th floor, closest to the kitchens." He winked.
"We currently have 10 permanent residents, give or take Barton but we have capacity for 50. 25 self-contained apartments, 2 floors. You are the keepers of the keys and the distributor of post. Every guest will report to you for access their rooms. It’ll be up to you to change over the rooms for the next guest, launder sheets and fix them with clean sets. You're not expected to launder the resident’s personal effects and it's up to them to change their own damn sheets.
With regards to communal spaces, the residents should be keeping them all clean, but it’ll be your domain to follow up if the cleaners start slacking. You will be the one to order in the food shop each week, the residents know to hand their shopping lists in on a Sunday but it's good to have the basics in. They can go sort out any extras they want on their own time. I'm sure they will come to you with other queries but upscale to myself or Pepper if you need."
You both paused outside the housekeepers office.
"Thank you Mr Stark." You smiled
"Tony, please. Come by on Friday, I'll have your log in set up, we'd love to welcome you on board!" Tony exclaimed excitedly. "And your mate and pups, we have multi room apartments for them all to move in, you can take your pick."
Your mouth opened awkwardly for a moment as you struggled to explain your situation to the Omega in front of you. Of course after telling him your designation he would assume you were bonded with a pack of pups... that was what anyone would expect.
"Actually, it's just me... just a 1 bed would do me fine." You admitted looking down at your hands
"Oh... really?!" He exclaimed his eyes wide, a slight frown on his face "well you are a rarity aren’t you!"
You gave a small smile.
"Hopefully not forever, but I've made my peace with it." You acknowledged gently as you shrugged.
"I was in my 40s when I bonded with Pepper." Tony admitted "sometimes it takes time for the right one to come along, but I promise it's worth the wait... Anyway, if you need any modifications to the apartment for your needs, just let me know. Move in over the weekend ready to start Monday, does that sound good?"
***
Making the transition from civilian life to the compound was easier than you ever expected, though admittedly, it was less about you and more about how the Avengers had reacted to you joining them. It turned out having a presence in the compound to greet the residents when they got home, with a welcoming smile and an optional cuddle did wonders for the teams mental healt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader - Freeform
James "Bucky" BarnesReader
Sam Wilson (Marvel) - Freeform
Protective Steve Rogers
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Reader
Protective Bucky Barnes
Idiots in Love
Strangers to Lovers
Slow Burn
Fertility Issues
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
no y/n
no descriptions of you
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Not Canon Compliant
your name is Poppins
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
POV Female Character
POV Bucky Barnes
Fluff
Self Confidence Issues
Smut
Major Character Injury
Violence
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bites
Angst and Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader

