Work Text:
You were sound asleep in your room as the moon was seeping through your curtains and hitting your smooth skin. You lived with the Avengers in the same building. Oh yes, you lived with them and you did enjoy it. You were Bruce's and Tony's trainee in there lab, since you wanted to get a job round science and being with them was the best ever. Tony was a flirt but you still got along with him well and he was fun to be round with. Bruce was sweet and kind to you, including helping you out when you needed help."Mm.." You slowly opened your eyes and blinked, hearing a faint sound of typing. You slowly got up and lightly shivered from the cool air hitting your skin. You grabbed your gown and slide it on, wrapping it round your body. You walked out of your room and looked around, later seeing the lab lights still on. You opened the door and saw Bruce, on the computer and looked pretty tired. "Bruce?" You walked over, softly placing a hand on his stiff shoulder.He stopped and looked over his shoulder, looking up at you. "Oh, hey ___________.." he said softly and rested back, running his fingers through his hair. "Did I wake you?" You lightly shook your head and smiled."Bruce, you should go to sleep...You're tired~" You said softly, lightly rubbing his shoulders.Bruce lightly shook his head and sighed. "I can't, I need to finish this for Tony tomorrow.." He took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes. You didn't like when he went to sleep late, it wasn't healthy. You took his hand and got him on his feet, dragging him away from the lab. "__________? Stop, come on now. Tony--"You cut him off. "Tony will understand, Bruce. Besides, he's got a date anyway~" You said and took him to your room. You sat him down and took off his shoes, hearing him lightly hum, then you sat on the bed behind him. "Relax.." You said softly, starting to rub his shoulders. You hear him hum again, that you lightly smile and placed a kiss on his neck."Oh my...I do have the best girlfriend.." He said softly and smiled his muscles relaxing.Oh yes!You and him were in a relationship!How did it happen? Well you and him went to France to talk to other Scientists over there, but also kind of taking a holiday too. You guys had a great time, eating together and even dancing together. When it was the last night and seeing a wonderful of Paris, You both kissed each other. When you and Bruce returned, you both acted like it never happened...But your feelings said something else and you were not the only one. You and Bruce eyed each other, kind of like eye flirting, and lightly touching each other’s shoulders. Oh his hands were so toxic. A month later, Bruce asked you out and you started to go on a few dates. Soon you guys had amazing night of sex and pleasure, that you still remember it today. But you both wanted to be more, and soon became boyfriend and girlfriend. None of the superheroes know about you two, since you both wanted it to be a secret."And I have the best boyfriend, but is a workaholic.." You grinned, hearing him lightly chuckle and relax against your touch. "You know it doesn't bother me that much, but I do miss you sneakily snuggling me at night.." You hummed out, hugging him from behind."I know, I'm sorry...I love it when you snuggle me.." he turned his head and softly kissed you. "Mm.." he turned his whole body and went on top of you, making your back rest on the bed. You both embraced each other, having a slow tendered kiss. You hummed, feeling his cool hand sliding under your shirt and rubbed your side. "Do you know...How much...I want you..?" He said between kisses."Mmm....I can...tell...Between your legs.." you muttered and smiled, teasing him. He slowly took off your gown and tossed it aside, placing soft kisses on your shoulder. You slide off his tie and unbuttoned his shirt, sliding it off as well. Your hand ran down his smooth body, as you placed a few kisses on his neck. He lightly growled against your touch, his pants getting a bit tight. He slides off your pants, doing the same to him and along with his boxers."Wearing no underwear..?" Bruce lightly smirked, kissing your chest. You rested your head back and whimpered, one of your hands going down his back.
"I...Don't wear U-Underwear when I sleep...silly.." You muttered. He rested you down again and kissed down your body, placing light nibbles on your thigh. You rested back and closed your eyes, breathing slowly. You were already wet for him and wanted more of his touch. But then he stopped. "Bruuuce~?" You lightly pouted.Bruce lightly chuckled and smiled up at you, as he rubbed your thigh. "I got a better idea.." You looked a bit confused, but you gasped when he turned. You softly blushed, as you rested on Bruce with his throbbing cock in your face. "Much better.." He hummed out and started to lick your entrance. You gasped and moaned, feeling his tongue licking your walls. So good. You grabbed hold of his cock and licked the tip, tasting the sour of him. "Mm.." You too
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Reader
Bruce Banner & Reader

freeform: 
Lemon
Smut
many smut~ ;3
hulk smut~ (i regret nothing!)
Cute Ending
sexy bruce~
long story
(too lazy to put it in a three parter--)

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Reader
Bruce Banner & Reader

