Work Text:
Steve Rogers adored his friends. They were funny, warm and loving. They only ever wanted the best for him, tried to make sure that he was happy and cared for and didn’t lose himself in his work. He tried to remember that as he walked through the doors of the bar – feeling like a lamb to the slaughter.There was a poster on an easel, proudly declaring that tonight was a ‘Speed Dating Event’ hosted by a company called ‘Asset’. “They’ve got a great reputation.” Pepper told him, as they walked through the gallery, her arm looped through his. She had a few new pieces in and she’d wanted his opinion on the style. Because Pepper had been the first person to take a risk on him, when he’d been a no-one in the art world, struggling and living on ramen, he always found time for her.The new pieces were heavily inspired industrial monuments, that Steve wasn’t sure about personally, but he knew New York would love. He could easily see them standing in the foyers of the steel and glass buildings – and he told Pepper as much.“I like the artist.” She told him, as they walked around the base of a man made of red and gold – bursting through the floor and building himself with the metal support beams. Very edgy. “He’s a total nightmare, arrogant, self-obsessed…” She gave Steve a small smile. “You’ve spoilt me for other artists, Steve.”“But you like him?”“I do.” She sighed. “God only knows why though. He’s got the worst reputation.” And then, “Natasha heard about this event, I thought you might like. Peggy agrees.”And that had confirmed it. Peggy had been Steve’s first love, a big old fashioned affair. They’d been madly in love – he’d been a small, stammering teenager and she’d been bold and decisive and their relationship had been made up of those little moments that defined romance. Picnics, movies, sharing desert – sunset walks along the pier. They’d gone ‘steady’ for almost 10 years, all through high school and most of college, until it just didn’t seem to work anymore. Steve still loved her, she still loved him, but their actual relationship had fallen apart. Now she was happily married to a great guy who treated her like the queen she was and Steve… Steve dated.Well… he didn’t exactly date a lot. But he’d had relationships since Peggy. There had been a brief moment where he thought that Natasha might be the one, but after a couple of months of a very volatile relationship, they decided to stay friends. In fact, Steve was friends with all of his ex’s. They were now friends with each other, which could have been disastrous under different circumstances, but mostly just ended up with Steve sitting at a table once a month with a handful of New York’s most beautiful women. He had been named one of the top 50 eligible bachelors though, so he figured it might have evened out.He’d never have thought, back in high school when he’d been picked on and beat up for being small and weedy and too mouthy for his own good, that he’d be 28 years old holding all the cards in his hands. His growth spurt in his last year of high school came too late, but he’d certainly made the most of it – spent his four years at college either in his room studying or in the gym. It had been one of the things that cause arguments with Peggy, she was worried he’d push himself too far. Then when he’d dated Natasha he’d met Pepper, who’d launched his career. He’d dated Pepper for a whole week before they realised it was a bit weird.“Speed Dating.” He replied, feeling his stomach sink. The women in his life were determined that he needed to get back out there. He’d been set up so many times that he felt like they must have run out of friends to throw at him. Natasha had even started playing “Have you met my buddy Steve?” at parties.“It’s not that bad.” Pepper said, tugging on his arm to get his attention. “You remember Bruce? He met Jennifer through ‘Asset’ last year. They’re so happy, Steve. We just want you to be happy.”“I am happy.”“No, you’re healthy, and you’re rich and you’ve got friends all around you, but we know you’re lonely.” “So, Steve, have you thought about what Pepper said?” Peggy asked, as she sipped her water. Natasha and Pepper had their wine glasses in their hands, watching him closely. At least Sharron wasn’t there, because then he’d have no chance. “About Asset?”“I don’t know.” He told them, focusing on his beer. The restaurant was nice, busy but not too loud, and they had a wide range of IPA brews which he liked. He really just wanted to catch up and not deal with their constant match making. “I don’t think it’s for me.”“I went to one.” Natasha announced, taking a sip of her wine, blood red to match her nails and her dress. This was met with interest from everyone at the table, including Steve. Natasha Romanov was a highly successful business woman who surely didn’t need help dating anyone. “Last month.”“You didn’t mention that.” Pepper said, accusingly.“Well, I didn’t want the look.”“What look?”“That look.” She said, nodding her h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Previous Steve/Peggy - Freeform
Previous Steve/Natasha
Previous Steve/Pepper
Speed Dating
Successful Steve
Successful Bucky
Artist Steve Rogers
The Girls Want Steve To Be Happy
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

