Chapter 1





Chapter Text

December 2012

New York, NY
Darcy's eyes fly open, but the rest of her body does not move. Her breathing remains slow and calm, even as her vision blurs, and for a long moment she isn't sure what has happened to her.
Dream.
She closes her eyes again, wondering a little bit at the trickles of warmth that run down from their corners, across her face, to soak into the pillow under her cheek. This is the third time this week that she's woken up crying, and she takes a long, slow breath before sliding out from under James's cybernetic arm. Her feet sink silently into the thick pile of their bedroom's carpet, and she pauses only long enough to slip on a tee shirt in deference to their erstwhile roommate's sensibilities before gliding out of the bedroom and padding down the hall to the kitchen.The apartment is dark except for the Christmas tree and the light over the stove; none of them actually need the light to see by, but Steve likes it because he says it makes the place seem more warm. Whatever that means. She gives him a mental shrug and passes it by, pulling open the refrigerator and staring into it for a long moment, not really seeing anything in front of her. She shuts it again, and she sighs softly."Can't sleep?" Steve asks from the couch.She isn't startled. "Dreams," she says succinctly, knowing he'll understand. She purses her lips for a moment, considering, and then she opens a cupboard, reaching into a box. "Chocolate?""Sure," Steve replies.Darcy grabs two of the little plastic containers and pads across the kitchen to the Keurig machine, switching it on and waiting patiently for the water to heat up before popping the first container into the slot. A few minutes later, she pulls out the bag of mini marshmallows and drops a few into each cup of hot chocolate. Then she brings the two cups into the living room, handing one to Steve and cradling the other one in her hands as she folds herself up into the big leather easy chair and stares at the tree until it turns into a multicolored blur.They sip their chocolate in silence for a few minutes before Steve speaks. "Do you mind if I ask?"She considers the question from a variety of angles before finally shrugging softly. "I don't know what it is," she says. "It's an op, but it's from the wrong perspective, and it's not anything that makes sense as any op I ever worked."Steve cocks his head a little bit. "What do you mean, the wrong perspective?"She sighs, taking another sip of her chocolate. "It's a hit," she explains. "Only instead of being the one who comes in the door, I see it like it's someone coming in the door on me.""Are you shot?"
Darcy shakes her head. "That's the weird thing. There's a man and a woman there who I don't know, and 
they
 get shot, but I don't."
Steve frowns. "What happens to you?"She opens her mouth to reply, then stops, frowning as well. "I... think they... grab me?""And do what?"She shakes her head. "I don't know," she admits. "That's when I wake up."Steve sits back against the couch cushions, studying the drink in his hands before looking back up at her. "Well, Darcy, I'm no expert," he says, "but is it possible that you're remembering? When you were kidnapped?"She opens her mouth to scoff at the idea - it's been a full two years since she and James woke up and she hasn't remembered anything yet, even though James has regained almost all of his memories. It's ridiculous to think that she's ever going to remember anything more than what she already has. Except that... except that..."It... maybe?" she admits, forcing herself to be honest despite everything in her that wants to deny it. "I'm... I'm not sure.""Is there an op report on your kidnapping?" Steve asks. She can see the discomfort on his face even as he states the blunt question; his instinct is to be more circumspect, to couch the query in more gentle terms, but she's told him enough times to stop it - euphemizing the matter is simply a waste of energy - that he's finally listening.She nods. "There is. It's pretty straightforward." She accesses the file with her implant, the scanned image overlaying Steve's concerned face in her visual field. "It says here that once they had decided I could be a useful tool for controlling the asset - which is to say, James - that they directed my father to a motel in town and had us followed to see what room we checked into. Then just after midnight, a four-man team entered the room, eliminated the parents, retrieved the target, and returned to base. No casualties.""Except for your parents," Steve points out.
She feels her lips twitch. "No 
unexpected
 casualties."
Steve winces slightly. "So, a motel room, right?" he says, making a valiant attempt to rally past the awkward exchange. "A motel room, with your parents, they get shot, and you get taken? I know it's hard to accept, but I think you might be remembering that."
Darcy takes a deep breath, holds it for a moment, and then lets it out again slowly. "You'r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Hydra (Marvel)
Canon-Typical Violence
Existential Angst
Past Brainwashing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

