Chapter 1: Nesting
    


Summary:

Steve finds Abigail in the nursery.



Notes:
Back by popular demand - this dark monstrosity!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Steve smiled fondly as he watched her from the doorway.His sweet girl. His secret wife.Abigail had been spending more time in the nursery lately. She’d reorganized the picture books on the shelves, sorted and carefully folded the wide array of burp cloths and baby blankets she’d bought, and straightened the quilt draped over the edge of the crib more times than he could count.Nesting like the good expectant mother she was.
Fuck…
Even now, she made him impossibly hard.He stepped into the room as she folded the last of the laundry, startling her as he wrapped his arms around her.“D-Daddy!”Steve chuckled, shifting his arms up over her chest and lightly squeezing her close as he kissed the curve of her neck.His girl was delicate, as was the precious life growing inside of her. The life that would bind her to him. That would make them the perfect family…“Morin’, sweetheart.”He loved her, loved that she was carrying his child, loved how pregnancy made her breasts swell…but he was eager to see the child born so they could return to how things had been.Their playroom had been neglected and he missed their special time there. It had been so long since he’d used her nipple clamps on her…longer since he’d bound her to her sore horse and fucked her like a man possessed…He cupped her heavy breasts, humming in contentment into her soft skin as she gasped.“I can’t keep my hands off of you…”Abigail rolled her head back, resting it on his shoulder. Her chest was heaving and as he thumbed her nipples over the loose nightgown she wore, she leaked ever so slightly, dampening the material.“Oh, baby girl,” he cooed, “you’re pretty tits are leaking…”Abigail blinked quickly, trying to clear the haze of lust he’d enveloped her in, and glanced downward. She blushed upon seeing wet spots over her hard nipples.“O-Oh…n-no…I’m sorry, daddy, I –“Don’t apologize, Abbie,” Steve soothed, “oh, my sweet girl…”He nipped her shoulder, letting go of her breasts to reach down and grasp the hem of her nightgown.She whimpered as he tugged it up, meekly stopping him as the material bunched up around the largest part of her bump.“Abbie…”Steve wanted to tear it off of her. He wanted to scold her and smack her ass, to remind her that her duties as his wife didn’t end just because she was pregnant…but he bit his tongue. She knew all of that, of course. Reminding her was merely wasting his breath.
And patience is a virtue…
So he allowed her a moment to compose herself, making no further effort to remove her nightgown. Instead, he caressed her exposed belly as he rocked his hips against her rear, pressing his clothed erection firmly against her.“I’ll never stop wanting you,” he breathed, “never, sweetheart. Daddy’s always going to want you in his life…”He let go of her long enough just to unlace his pajama pants and tug them down. When they pooled at his feet, he renewed his hold of her.“Daddy’s always going to want to make love to you…”His bare, aching cock pressed to her ass and his heart raced wildly. It was almost too much to bare, the overwhelming need to be inside of her, to fill her up.
Fuck…fuck, I need her…
“Can I feel you, baby? Please? Daddy misses your sweet, perfect little pussy so much…”They’d last had sex nearly a week ago. Perhaps not a ridiculously long time for most to go without sex with their partner, especially when they were pregnant, but until just recently her pregnancy hadn’t slowed them down. It was a bit more vanilla than he’d like, but for the baby’s sake he was content with it.He craved her like an addict did his fix. Craved the slick, satin squeeze of her pussy…“Come on, baby…”Abigail looked at him over her shoulder, her bottom lip swollen from her biting it. She looked flustered but conflicted, and he forced himself to calm down.
Patience…patience…
He ran his hands slowly over her belly, lingering on the areas he knew the baby often kicked, and smirking against her shoulder when he felt the baby’s movement just under Abigail’s belly button.“I…don’t mean to neglect you, daddy,” she mumbled sadly, “I just…don’t feel pretty. I’m so big and uncomfortable and…just…ready to have this baby…”Steve nodded.Of course his sweet girl was uncomfortable. She was due in a few days and had mentioned in passing a couple of times over the last few days that the baby was moving around a lot more than usual.
The baby’s getting into position…any day now…
“My poor girl…”Steve kissed her neck.“You’re so close, Abbie,” he whispered, “you’ll be holding our baby in your arms soon…”He heard her sniffle and glanced up to see tears rolling over her red cheeks.“Oh, my love…”He shushed her as he returned to the bundled-up fabric of her nightgown and lifted it up over her breasts.Her nipples were larger and darker, their peaks leaking a thick,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Pregnant Sex
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Lactation Kink
Oral Sex
Alternate Universe - Dark
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Older Man/Younger Woman
Unhealthy Relationships
Power Imbalance
Dirty Talk
Dark Steve Rogers
Pregnancy Kink
Extremely Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rough Sex
Manipulation
Coercion
Gaslighting
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Obsession
Possessive Steve Rogers
Breastfeeding
Not Safe Sane and Consensual
Marathon Sex
Painful Sex
Heavy Angst
Sexual Abuse
Gratuitous Smut
Shameless Smut
Childbirth
Breeding
Overstimulation
Anal Sex
Spit As Lube
Humiliation
Sex Toys
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Explicit Sexual Content
Don't Like Don't Read
Physical Abuse
Torture
Sexual Slavery
Double Penetration
Threats of Violence
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Background Relationships
Twink Peter Parker
one chapter of m/m
Forced Orgasm
Forced Marriage
Unhappy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

