Chapter 1: A Chance Encounter
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Another night. Another party hosted by someone rich and important whom Tony probably knew but couldn’t be bothered to give a crap about. He tossed back another glass of scotch and leaned back against the bar, his eyes lazily scanning the crowd as he pretended to listen to whatever inane thing the woman on his right was trying to tell him. She was a classic Californian beauty – tan and blonde, with boobs you could use as a trampoline and grabby octopus arms that had so far managed to thwart each one of Tony’s escape attempts. The blonde pressed herself closer to his side, smushing her breasts against his arm to try and get him to look down her cleavage and Tony suppressed a sigh, mentally calculating the amount of time he would have to remain at the party before he could finally leave. It wasn’t that he didn’t like blondes, he told himself as he subtly tried to rescue his arm out of her grip. It was just that she was so grabby and pushy and annoying and…not Pepper. And that was the key, wasn’t it? Ever since Pepper had walked out on him a month ago, he’d had women (and sometimes men) throwing themselves at him left and right. Dozens of people flocking around him, drawn in by the glory of the Iron Man, all trying to get a piece of Tony Stark. If this had happened in his pre-Pepper days, he would have jumped at the opportunity, but now it all just felt incredibly hollow, the attention of the people as fake as their beaming smiles. If he had to remain here for another hour, he might as well get plastered, Fury be damned. It had been the Director who had roped him into this, so let him deal with the PR nightmare that was a drunk-off-his-ass Tony Stark. He finally managed to slip from the grasp of the octopus lady and when she reached for him again, he gave her a hard look. “Sorry, sweetheart, but you’re really not my type. Maybe we can try this again when I’m more drunk and less choosy,” he told her and watched with satisfaction as she stomped away on her six inch heels, no doubt to find the nearest gossip mag reporter and complain about his lack of manners. Predictable.Tony turned back to the bar and signaled the barman, asking for a double whisky. This place was posh enough not to water the drinks down too much, so he felt fairly confident that he would be able to at least achieve a pleasant buzz before the whole thing was over. He was on his third drink of the night when a familiar figure slid onto the seat next to him. Tony didn’t need to look twice to know there would be trouble. “Hello, Stark,” Loki greeted, smirk firmly in place. Tony almost did a double take when he realized that Loki was wearing a regular business suit instead of his Asgardian armor. There was a green scarf around his neck, breaking the black and white monotony, but otherwise he didn’t look the slightest bit out of place among this gathering of the rich and powerful. It looked like he was trying to blend in tonight, which put Tony on instant alert. Outwardly he didn’t move a muscle though, calmly sipping his drink. “Aren’t you supposed to be on Asgard? Getting eaten by ravens or chained in a dungeon or whatever medieval thing you guys do as a punishment?”Loki’s smirk widened. “As far as my jailors are concerned I am on Asgard. Technically. But you of all people should know that no prison can hold me forever.”Tony nodded at the barman to bring him another glass. “What are you doing here? Come to kill me?” If he was going to get thrown out of a window again, he might as well enjoy the booze while he could.“You don’t seem very alarmed by my presence.” The god gave him an assessing look. Tony shrugged. “You’re not terribly intimidating. Besides, I figured - if you really wanted to kill me, you would have done it already. Since we’re in a public place and there is a suspicious lack of theatrics involved in this scenario, I assume you’re here because you want something from me. What is it?”“Actually, I’m here to warn you,” Loki said, surprising him a little.Tony raised an eyebrow. “Really. This should be good.”Loki’s gaze swept over the crowd. “There is someone here tonight who has been ordered to kill you. Unless you leave now, you will be dead in less than ten minutes.”Tony turned on his barstool to face Loki fully for the first time. “Why are you doing this?”“I have my reasons.”Tony rolled his eyes. “Oh, please, drop the mystery act. There has to be a reason for this. What do you get out of it? Even if what you say is true – which I doubt - it would be much easier for you to just let the assassin do your dirty work. Let him get rid of me for you.”Loki inclined his head. “It would be easy, truly, but not terribly interesting.” He fixed Tony with a stare that seemed to permeate into his very bones. “Out of all the mortals I have met on this world, you are by far the most entertaining one. It would be a shame if you were 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Character Study
Action/Adventure
Romance
Tony Stark Hates Magic
Odin's A+ Parenting
Smut
Magic
Hurt/Comfort
long fic

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

