Work Text:
Peter tossed and turned in his bed, the sound of Tony and Morgan's voice next door making goosebumps crawl over his skin in jealousy. After the snap, everything had changed, and for the worst. After Peter had been snapped away, it had felt like he had simply closed his eyes for a blink and opened them back up again only to be brought back 5 years into the future. It wasn't 2018 anymore, no, it was 2023. Morgan was a constant reminder of that. Lab days every Friday had changed to Father-Daughter days. His bedroom at the tower in the city had been moved to a small bedroom in a lakeside home. It was days like this where he missed Aunt May the most. Peter was 16 years old, he didn't need to be held and told goodnight every evening. He had just wished things could go back to the way they were. He missed the feeling of May's slender fingers carding through his hair, or her soft humming coming from the kitchen when she was making a fresh batch of something horrible. Peter smiled sadly into his pillow. She had passed a few months before the snap in a car accident and that's when Tony had taken him in. Even though it had been 5 years for everyone else, it was still 7 months in his eyes. He heard Tony bid goodnight to his daughter and a small part of him hoped that the man wouldn't walk right passed his room for a change. Of course, with Parker luck, he heard Tony's footsteps move farther and farther away. It made sense. Peter wasn't a kid. Peter wasn't his kid. He bit his lip, trying to hold back a whine of agony but opted to just let his tears fall for once. His wet sniffles echoed throughout the small bedroom. Peter let himself cry until he couldn't anymore, until the pain in his heart was too much to handle, and let himself fall asleep.   "Happy is going to take you to school again today, I hope that's okay?" Pepper spoke quickly as she grabbed her purse. Peter was picking at his cold eggs by himself when he lifted his head up, "Yeah, that's okay." The redheaded woman nodded and quickly exited the house without a single goodbye. Peter knew it was probably because she was running late to a meeting, but a small part of him believed it was because he was a nuisance and not worth regarding. He looked down at his cold soggy eggs that he had made himself this morning. Tony had dropped Morgan off at preschool earlier so everyone had breakfast before him. As a real family. He remembered the times when Tony would drop him off at school and it was an instant mood booster. When he heard the tires hitting the gravel outside, he rushed to put his plate in the sink and grabbed his backpack. Peter always remembered to lock the door behind him as he made his way to the car. He looked around at all the toys Morgan had outside, the playhouses and tents, scooters and bikes, and even her own small paddle boat for the lake. He chewed on his lip as he opened the car door and got inside. Happy's voice instantly flooded his ears. "Hey, kid." "Hi, Happy." Peter said with a forced smile. He had nothing against the man, but he wasn't Tony.  "I'm sorry you had to drive all the way out here again." His thumbs nervously twiddled around the straps of his backpack as he awaited Happy's answer. The older man just gave Peter a strange look through the rear view mirror. "I already told you to stop saying that. I've been saying it for the past week." "Right." Telling him to stop saying 'sorry' never made his guilt subside. In fact, it had made it worse now knowing that he had probably been bothering Happy with tasks that his caretaker was supposed to carry out. He had stopped talking. A long drive later, Happy pulled up at the school's front gates and turned around to look at the doe eyed boy. "Have a great day, kid. I mean it." "Thanks, Happy. Is Mr. Stark...?" His voice trailed off, knowing the answer of the question he had been asking for a week now. Happy didn't shake his head for once, no, it had been the opposite. "Good news, he said he would have some free time in the afternoon since Morgan has a playdate with a school friend. Is that enough for you to have a good day?" He said with a smug smile. Peters eyes glowed with happiness and excitement, "You're serious? You aren't messing with me?" Happy nodded, "I'm 100% serious. Now get out of the car before I get tired of seeing your face." Peter rolled his eyes, "You could never. You love talking to me." "Yeah, yeah. Just get out." Peter climbed out of the car and gave Happy a big wave, "Bye, Happy! Thank you for the ride!" The man gave a wave back as he pulled away from the curb. Maybe this was Peter's day. He could finally have some time to spend with Tony just like they had every Friday before. His grip on his backpack tightened as a huge grin creeped up his face. By the time he had made it to his locker, his cheeks had hurt from smiling too much. His heart was racing out of excitement as he thought of all the things him and Tony could do after school. Maybe they could stop to get i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Jealous Peter Parker
Insecure Peter Parker
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Mentioned May Parker (Spider-Man)
peter feels ignored
Bully Flash Thompson
Poor Peter Parker
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Irondad
spiderson
Platonic Cuddling
Cuddling & Snuggling
Touch-Starved
Tony Yells at Peter
forgotten peter
tony calls peter “baby”
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Child Neglect
Tony is an asshole

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

