Work Text:
  “Come brother! The Midgardian game looks fun,” Thor beamed, throwing an arm around the Peter. Loki curled his lip into a sneer as he took in his brother’s joyful face. They weren’t here on Earth to join in the young spider’s game. They were here to help the remaining people of Asgard to find a place to call home. The sooner they did, the sooner Loki could be on his way. He could feel the distrust coming from the Avengers and he knew that Stark would not appreciate Loki being anywhere near the boy he was so clearly in denial about being a father-figure towards. Any other person would have stumbled under Thor’s arm, but Peter beamed widely and bounced under the god’s arm, clutching a frisbee in his hands. He seemed un-perturbed by his brother’s rough handling, embracing it fully. Peter had been the only one willing to talk to him (other than Thor) and Loki had to admit that despite the boys rambling, he did ask interesting questions. Loki also found the boys powers fascinating – especially when he seemed to be able to sense danger and could dodge anything that was thrown his way without even looking. Something that Stark had not found amusing. “Please Mr. Loki, God of Mischief, sir!” Peter begged, eyes going wide and pleading. “Please play with us.” Loki scoffed, unable to keep the sneer of disgust on his face for any longer. Damn, this earthling and his uncanny ability to pull on the heart strings of every person he met. “Fine,” Loki gave a long-suffering drawl and smothered his smile as Peter gave a loud whoop. The three made their way out to the immaculate lawns on the compound, Peter explaining the game as they walked. It was fairly easy to comprehend and when they were far enough away from the building, they spread out. They started off with a few light tosses, close enough that they could still hear one another as they tossed it between the three of them. As they relaxed into the game, their tosses grew harder and higher. Loki grinned wickedly and made to throw to Thor but at the last second, he conjured another frisbee and it went flying towards the unsuspecting Peter. “Hey!” Peter spluttered in delight as the frisbee faded into nothing just before it hit him. Loki grinned and the game was on. Their throws got more wild and harder, eager to catch one another unaware in hopes that they would drop it. Peter gave as good as he got, his laughter ringing around the compound lawns. Loki had to admit that the primitive game was a lot more fun than he anticipated. Until Loki threw a particularly hard throw to his brother. Thor got caught up in his enthusiasm for the game and summoned lighting, hitting the frisbee on the edge and sending it soaring through the sky and landing lightly on top of the compound. “Oh dear,” Thor mumbled, scratching at his beard, looking worriedly at Peter. “Good one brother,” Loki sneered, shooting a look to Peter, fully prepared to see a look a disappointment on the boy’s face. “That was awesome!” Peter gasped; eyes alight. “Did you see how far it went?!” “My apologies, young Stark,” Thor hurried to say. “I did not mean to break your game. I will, of course replace it.” “Nah, it’s fine,” Peter waved off the gods apology. “Hey! If I go get it, do you think you could do it again?” Thor shared a look with Loki. “I could, yes.” “Target practice!” Peter beamed. “I’ll go get it!” and he took off sprinting towards the compound. “Try not to hit the boy,” Loki drawled. “I don’t think Stark would forgive either of us.” Thor scoffed. “I have incredible aim. I wouldn’t hit him.” Loki thought he would conjure a shield around the boy just in case.  Pepper flicked through the files she held, walking and reading at the same time. It was a skill she had picked up early on her career and one that she had mastered quickly. As she walked through the compound, on a mission to find her fiancé, she glanced up occasionally to make sure she was not about to run into anything. Her eyes flickered up from the page and out of the corner of her eye she saw a flicker of movement. She turned her head to the window and saw a slim figure climbing the window. Pepper screamed. She dropped the files, hand coming up to cover her mouth as Peter’s wide eyes met hers before he was slipping and falling out of view. Ignoring the fallen papers, Pepper hurried to the window, pressing as close as she could to look down to see if she could see Peter. “OMG, Peter,” Pepper gasped, breath fogging up the window. “Shit.” “Pepper!” A second later Tony was barrelling into the room, gauntlet covering his hand, charged and ready to attack in an instant.   “Pep?” Tony panted, scanning the room with wild eyes as he got closer. “I heard you scream. What is it? Are you okay?” “I’m fine,” Pepper glanced over her shoulder and frowned. “Tony! Put that away.” Tony came over to her, peering out the window. When he didn’t see anything, he frowned and gently his gauntlet fell away, disappearing into the watch he wore around his wrist. “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Loki is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Protective Thor (Marvel)
BAMF Pepper Potts
Parent Pepper Potts
Parent Tony Stark
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Peter calls Tony Dad
Peter calls Pepper mum
Sticky
Worried Tony Stark
Worried Pepper Potts
Drugged Peter Parker
Broken Bones
Family Feels
Family Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

