Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
Foreword, July 1, 2014:
This story was started in the summer after season 2 of Glee. Although it occasionally brings in minor canon facts from after that (such as Julia Chang's name), readers can assume that it diverges sharply after the events of "New York" and pays no attention to the canon Glee world afterward. Since initial publication it has been edited for clarity, internal continuity, emotional weight, and other fiddly details, but has only had one "correction" made to it. (That would be the labeling of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s alert system, so as you can see, the changes are very minor.) 
Mostly, this means I'm proud of calling her "Nancy Abrams" before the character even existed onscreen.
The Specialverse assumes solid knowledge of the core Glee crew and a few important guest stars, but only passing familiarity with the Marvel 'verse. The Marvel elements in this story are a grab bag from various Marvel canons, from the ever-popular MCU to my personal favorite character presentation by a particular writer on a particular title. If you have seen (and understood) The Avengers, you should be ready to read in the Specialverse with confidence. Although there are many more Marvel references within, from the Great Lakes Avengers to X-Treme X-Men to Spider-Man, they are either in passing or are explained for new readers.
A custom eBook, complete with cover (courtesy of donnaseabrook on Tumblr) is available at my website: redshirts.net. It also has links to supplemental materials, such as the soundtrack.
I loved and still love Cory Monteith and Finn Hudson, and so a lot of this story is tough to read and tougher to write. In the end, I'm finishing this trilogy for Finn. When all is said and done, here's a happy ending.




Chapter Text
Noah Puckerman was thrown into a concrete wall so hard that it cratered. He spat out blood and grinned when a tooth didn't follow. "Is that all you got?" he asked his attacker as he lunged forward. His fist impacted the body in front of him, crumpled its armor, and he could hear something inside it snap. The figure wrapped in shadows slumped to the ground and didn't get back up.
A worried voice echoed through his head. Puck glowered and sent a thought back at the source. Stop distracting me, fearless freaking leader. Another thought followed, but Puck tried his best to ignore it. In the heat of battle he made his own rules. 
"I have no idea who these guys are," Tina said as she knelt next to the motionless figure. Her bare hand reached into the shadows, hesitating on the way, and then clamped onto whatever was beneath. She shuddered and smiled as energy flowed out of their enemy and into her. Her eyes soon glowed. "Have you ever seen them?" she asked, still with the faint echo that followed absorbing another person.
Puck shook his head. "No. They hit like a sixteen-wheeler, though. And it sounded like the girls could barely get bolts through those shadows." Off in the distance, around a corner, he could hear the sounds of fighting. There was an occasional rush of steam when fireballs met jets of ice.
 "I've been trying to drain them so they don't get up again," she explained. "I think we're clear here. Come on, let's go help the others." When he nodded, she led them back to the main group.
Any confidence was unfounded: they were overwhelmed. Finn and Rachel frantically tried to coordinate everyone, but it was to no avail. Their mysterious foes somehow managed to fight back against Brittany's tears in reality; a few even snapped shut with audible crackles of energy. From inside Mercedes' force field, Quinn and Santana desperately tried to fight the figures off from a distance. The enemies kept advancing.
Mike slid between enemies despite the risk and clocked them across their formless faces. He couldn't hit anywhere near as hard as Puck, but their foes couldn't lay a hand on him. The only other person risking close combat was Kurt, and although he wielded swords it made Puck's gut clench to see how close some of the swings came to him. He couldn't dodge as well as Mike and a blow would inevitably land.
"Hurry up with that blast, Mercedes!" Rachel ordered. Her sonic blasts pinged their foes with a dozen overlapping notes each second, but that barely slowed their advance.
"I'm trying," Mercedes gritted out. Inside her force field, Puck could see her energy attack wrapped around her hands. When it reached her elbows she'd be ready to fire, and that usually ended their fights for them. He hoped they'd make it that long.
Mike's foot snapped up and caught a figure in the head, but it wasn't strong enough to end things. He had to fling himself away to avoid the return blow and wound up crashing inelegantly into Kurt, who stumbled forward. All Kurt's effort clearly went into not stabbing himself, and so he was left open to the strike that caught him in the ribs. He hit the wall hard, slid down, and stayed still.
A red film washed across Puck's vision before he he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Rachel Berry/Finn Hudson
Santana Lopez/Brittany S. Pierce
Mike Chang/Tina Cohen-Chang
Blaine Anderson/Kurt Hummel
Kurt Hummel/Noah Puckerman
Noah Puckerman/Lauren Zizes

freeform: 
Superpowers
Alternate Universe - Superheroes/Superpowers
Superheroes
Crossover
Amnesia

fandom: 
Rachel Berry/Finn Hudson
Santana Lopez/Brittany S. Pierce
Mike Chang/Tina Cohen-Chang
Blaine Anderson/Kurt Hummel
Kurt Hummel/Noah Puckerman
Noah Puckerman/Lauren Zizes

