Work Text:
“You need to learn discipline,” Steve hisses, his breath warm in Tony’s ear. Tony is against the wall of his own bedroom, Steve pinning him there as effectively as a ton of bricks, and his hands are hot on Tony’s wrists and his face is so close to Tony’s that if Tony’s hands were free he could touch it.Tony grins his special shit-eating grin up at the Captain. “I’m Tony Stark,” he says. “I don’t do discipline.”“Yeah?” says Steve, pressing Tony a little harder into the wall. “Well, I don’t do disobedience,” and he’s so close, so close, and Tony’s been acting out during Avengers meetings for a week and a half now just to drive that goddamn perfect super soldier to this point, working on him endlessly to make him surrender just one drop of that perfect self-control—“Whatcha gonna do about it, Stevie Wonder?” he says, his grin growing wider. “You got some punishment for me, brave leader? Gonna give me a time-out—gonna put me in the corner—gonna spank me—”“You,” snarls Steve, “are the most insufferable, insubordinate, impertinent, idiot that I have ever had the misfortune to command.”Tony snorts. “Excuse me, I believe only one of us got the Nobel Prize for Physics here.”Something comes out of Steve, deep and angry, and Tony thinks it might be a growl. Oh my, this is better than he’d hoped. Imagined. Dreamed. Fantasized, all right, fantasized, but only fantasized a little.Okay, fantasized a lot. That’s not the point. The point is that Steve’s pressed so closely to Tony that he can feel that super-enhanced heartbeat, his eyes are dark with something that might be a little more than anger, and when Tony presses his hips forward just a quarter of an inch…Ah.He grins up at Steve and shoves his thigh in between his legs.Steve’s startled, startled enough to let go of Tony’s wrists for a crucial second, and Tony uses that second to get his hands down and up Steve’s wonderfully tight white all-American T-shirt. Steve makes an outraged noise, so Tony figures he’ll shut him up, and kisses him as hard and hot as he can.Steve moans. Oh yeah.His back’s still against the wall, so he doesn’t have a lot of maneuverability, but Tony manages to get Steve’s shirt mostly up and off his shoulders, pushing at it insistently when Steve refuses to stop kissing him long enough to let Tony pull it over his head. Steve pulls back for a moment to allow the T-shirt to be tossed onto the floor, and yeah, that’s what Tony likes to see—his eyes are dark and wild, his cheeks are red, and his lips are already a little kiss-bitten.“Don’t think this means you can get out of learning to obey my orders,” he hisses at Tony, and almost against his will, Tony feels a shiver go all the way up and down his spine.Shrugging it off, he laughs, low and husky against Steve’s bare chest. Steve’s breathing catches imperceptibly. “I wouldn’t dream of it,” he murmurs, and leans up to kiss Steve again, his hands running all over that perfect body, down and across the muscles of Steve’s chest and stomach. Steve groans from somewhere deep inside and takes a step back, and that’s all the leverage Tony needs.In a moment he’s on top of Steve, pressing him down to the floor, straddling his hips, laying a trail of bites and kisses from his jaw down to his collarbone. When he hits a certain spot on Steve’s jugular, Steve makes a noise that Tony didn’t know it was possible for humans to do. He smiles against Steve’s skin and bites again, soothes with his tongue, kisses, bites, licks. Steve’s gasping under him, an incoherent mess, and Tony takes a moment to sit back on Steve’s lap and enjoy the sight of a writhing, needy super soldier desperate for his mouth.It’s a mistake.The moment he pulls away, Steve flips him over onto his back and has him pinned by his wrists again, this time to the floor. He’s glaring at Tony, but there’s still more than anger in that glare, and Tony smirks at him.“I am the leader of this team,” says Steve, his voice rough enough to send a shock straight from Tony’s brain into his cock, “and you will obey me.”Tony says, “Sir, yes, sir.”In his defense, he’s pretty sure he meant it to be flippant.“Good,” says Steve, and has Tony’s shirt over his head in a moment with the brutal efficiency of a soldier and his mouth biting and sucking on one of Tony’s nipples and Tony nearly screams—holy hell, why is Steve even so good at this, oh god, who cares so long as he doesn’t ever stop— Steve’s moving down now, he’s got Tony’s button and fly undone and he’s pushing his jeans down around his ankles, he’s got them off—He stops and stares.Oh, right. The Captain America boxers.“They were ten bucks at Target,” Tony offers.Steve says, almost resignedly, “What am I even supposed to do with you.”“I have a few ideas,” says Tony, and spreads his legs invitingly. Steve’s eyes go darker, and he reaches for Tony’s discarded jeans, fishing around until he finds a bottle of lube and a condom in Tony’s back pocket. He raises an eyebrow.“Some of us were in Boy Scouts of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dominance Struggle
Angry Sex
Tony Snark
Authority Challenge
hints of Dom/Sub
Porn Without Plot
Begging

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

