Chapter 1: Day 0
    




Chapter Text
I don’t like to fight. When confronted by an unstoppable force, I will always  bend, yield, step aside. It’s just who I am—soft, malleable, pleasant. Maybe I prefer to keep peace and travel the road of least resistance. Maybe I’m too trusting of other people’s judgement. Maybe I’m a coward, consumed by fear and anxiety. Still, I’ve always cultivated the aspects about myself that choose compliance over conflict.Yet with one quiet sentence, that flutters away—released like a butterfly from the remnants of my shattered perception. The pieces of me hit the floor, tinkling like a glass chime. And the silence left behind thunders deafeningly in my ears.“Sugar, you are home.”And I revolt. Nails scratching, fists punching, hands shoving—pushing, kicking, scraping to get away from the arms holding me against my will. Snarling and biting, absolutely rabid with a strength I never knew I possessed. Overwhelmed by the ferocity leaking from my veins. All that fear, festering since this evening took a turn for the worse, focused in on one goal—get out.But it was never going to be a fair fight, they arranged it that way. Two against one, planned down to the second, a giant mechanically locked door between me and freedom. It’s hopeless, but, for one brief moment, that doesn’t stop me.Bucky controls the situation easily, sweeping my body from under me and dropping us to the floor. His knee presses to my back, my breath stuttering from my lungs as the weight of the situation crashes down. Terror drains through my veins, replacing my adrenaline-fueled panic, as clarity alights like a whisper of wings batting against my skin.My body slumps pliant under Bucky, muscles releasing tension in a show of submission, out of fear and desperate hope. Though that doesn’t stop the involuntary shaking. Tears stream down my cheeks, fat drops falling to the shaggy carpet. The weight of it all suffocates.Steve crouches down, shushing me with tender caresses. His hand tilts my head up from the floor, brushing away stray strands of hair. Clearing my vision to take in the cornflower blue of his eyes and the strained compassion sitting on the surface. Despite his intentions, it doesn’t soothe me as I catch the dark glint of desire sparking deep below—see it lurking, the truth of it. His thumb traces my trembling lower lip, a dazed, hungry grin spreading across his. He brushes away a tear and brings it to his lips. He licks his thumb with relish before leaning closer.“Oh, sweetheart,” he croons with pity, tainted by his ravenous need, “you don’t understand yet, but you will. You’re gonna be such a good girl for us.”A whimper escapes through my lips on a sob. My head pulls out of his hold, burying into the pile of the carpet, trying to block it all out like a horrible dream. My lungs struggle for breath as the fibers tickle my nose, but at least this suffocation is my own choice.Bucky leans down, hooking his chin over my shoulder and crushing my vanquished form, grumbling, “But since you decided to be naughty, we’ll show you exactly what happens to bad girls.” His voice washes over me, smooth and authoritative and disappointed. And I hate how my gut clenches in regret at upsetting him.Warm fingers lace into my hair and tilt my head to the side, gentle despite my expectation for roughness. Steve produces a rag from his back pocket, white and sinister. He presses it to my face, the chemical smell flooding my nose and mouth. I gag as dizziness washes over me. They both shush me, hands petting over my figure, as I give one final jolt of fight—a pathetic jerk of movement away. But then darkness descends and I let it pull me under.Which is how I find myself waking up, blindfolded and restrained, against a cold, concrete wall. Awareness sends me spiraling into a frenzy of absolute dread. My pulse quickening as my throat burns. A keening cry tears from my chest. Darkness surrounds me completely and my breath rips from my lungs, getting caught on the jagged fear inside. I can’t breathe, I can’t breathe, Ican’tbreathe, Ican’tbreathe.“Hey, babygirl, no, no, no, shhhh,” Bucky soothes. Hands grasp at my face, and I wrench it away in fright. “You’re alright, Sugar, we’re taking care of you.”“Please,” I whimper, voice croaking. “Please, let me go.”Hands wander over my body, caressing exposed skin. A shiver shudders down my spine—my outer clothes are gone, my bra and underwear the only things protecting my decency, my privacy. Fingers press into my nape and tangle in my hair, tilting my head in one direction. My mind races, jumping from possibility to possibility—trying to figure out where I am, how I’m bound, what’s going to happen.“Oh, Sugar,” Bucky mutters. Something wet presses to my lips and I jolt back, smacking my head against the wall behind me. Stars dance over the blackness of my vision. “Don’t be like that.” His voice grates with frustration. He sighs and swipes his thumb over my cheek. “I know you want to be a good 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Possessive Behavior
Named Reader
Nicknames
Dark
Obsessive Behavior
Kidnapping
Dubious Consent
Manipulation
Emotional Manipulation
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Dacryphilia
Eventual Smut
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Daddy Kink
Bathing/Washing
Hand Feeding
Dollification
Praise Kink
Wet Dream
Dubious Morality
Dry Humping
Making Out
Grooming
Haircuts
Waxing
Nail Polish
Vaginal Fingering
Face Slapping
Unreliable Narrator
Somnophilia
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Intercrural Sex
Vaginal Sex
Cunnilingus
Oral Sex
Forced Orgasm
Dom/sub Undertones
Biting
Cock Warming
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Common Cold
allusions to human trafficking
Anal Sex
Double Penetration
Love Confessions
Blow Jobs
Jealousy
Doggy Style
The Great British Bake Off References
Drug Use
Hints of DDlg

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

