Chapter 1: Prologue & Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text


[ PROLOGUE ]

As sad a face as I have ever seen, says the old woman softly. Hello, old soldier. Do you remember me?He shakes his head in reply, No.The two of them have been left alone, at her request. The acquiescence had been begrudging and accompanied with murmurs of this being a good day; her arched eyebrow had imparted that she is of a mind with him, about such things. It is unclear which of them had been the subject of discussion. Perhaps both.They are so different and not, he thinks; one old and the other ancient, almost-ghosts in each their own way. He helps her drink from the glass that has been left on her bedside. The water sloshes. Slosh, slosh, plink. He thinks of time as a river: the many crossing currents, the pull and the pounding, the violence inherent. He has been marked differently by the passage than her, yet they are all bodies borne down from the furore and falls and froth like so much driftwood, so near now to being washed out to sea.She pats his metal hand. She has shown no fear of him, not once. Her bones and skin and breath are fragile, even to those parts of him which are still flesh. Her fearlessness does not demand respect but expects it. He wonders if it comes of having seen enough of life to no longer fear it. Maybe this is why the hours and days and years have been taken from him, again and again.A flash-memory:—a bullet catches him in the side, and he turns about to find a grim-set grandmother on the other end of the barrel. What little of his past that has come back piecemeal has so far been from the time of pain and death. Everything else remains a pretty story from the mouths of others.As if able to guess the direction of his thoughts, she murmurs, I do keep a gun close at hand, you know. It's all very proper.He suspects she is more likely to injure herself attempting to shoot an intruder, but he can appreciate the need to have the ability. For all that she sought to be alone with him, she appears to be content with the quiet, and he finds her company unexpectedly restful. The room smells of powder and slowness, old things interspersed with new. Death is not a stranger in this house, yet it is a kinder death than the forms to which he is accustomed. It seems a miracle, suddenly, that she has made it here.When she begins to drift off, he hears her say, If I ever hold a gun to your head, ask me to tell you about my grandmother's swan.He frowns. He has no expectation of visiting her again. He does not know if she is still speaking to him, or to some other ghost known only to her. He nods, even so, even though her eyes have already drifted close. He listens for a while longer, tells himself he is only checking that it is, indeed, sleep. There cannot be many left, these fragile breaths in a fragile body. Perhaps not even enough for Rogers to make this request of him a second time.He salutes her, as befits a fellow soldier, and leaves her to whatever dreams swim through her well-deserved rest.  Blue eyes regard him gently when he pads into the living room. The television is on, muted; all other lights are off."Can't sleep?" He shakes his head. Sits on the unoccupied end of the couch. "Finished that book?"He nods and places it on the coffee table. There are two more left on the bookshelf by the window he has not read. By the time he finishes them, there will be new ones waiting.The two of them sit in silence for a while."You know you don't have to return them, right? If there's any particular one you like, you can keep it in your room."He stares at the soundless television, not bothering to respond. He does not know why the physical location of the book matters.There will be a mission this week, he knows. The exact date has yet to be decided, and until then he will not be formally invited. But he had performed well in the last mission, and all three specialists he meets with every week have confirmed him to be field-ready, if the field is where he wants to be.It is."The brain is an incredibly complex organ," Dr. Banner had said, in the beginning before anybody had dared allow less indestructible civilians near him. "The processes and factors involved in memory-creation are still not fully understood today. Between needing to keep your semantic memory intact, and the risk of destroying your ability to form memories altogether, HYDRA probably interfered with your ability to access long-term memories, rather than destroyed the memories themselves. "Chances are, the memories are still in there. And maybe one day, now that you're not being zapped over and over— sorry, I'm fine. I saw the chair they had you in. That's. No one should be put through that. And the thought of some people calling it science— The fact that you're functioning at all is a miracle. And there's every chance your brain will find the way back to those memories again. But, you know— it's all right of it doesn't."Back in the comfortable dark, he leans back, cons
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Time Travel
World War II
Memory Loss
Time Loop
Alien Technology
Identity Porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

