Work Text:
  Doctor Helen Cho has them seated in what he has been told is the communal sitting room of the Avenger’s Compound – whatever that is. She is explaining that while the hit that he took as Iron Man was enough to scramble his brains, it wasn’t permanent. Tony knows he should be paying attention; after all these are his scrambled brains that she is talking about, but he can’t help but look at the kid. He’s tucked in the far corner of the couch, knee’s drawn up to his chest and blinking at the tops of his knees with a look on his face that has Tony’s heart clenching for reasons he doesn’t understand. He’s so pale that Tony was worried that the kid is going to pass out. The kid – Peter he was told – had been there when he had woken up. The relief that had shown on the kids face when Tony managed to lock eyes on him had sent Tony already spinning head into another wave of dizziness. “Hi Tony,” Helen had asked, looking down at him with amusement. “Do you know what day it is?” “Saturday,” Tony grunted out his guess, tearing his gaze away from the kid.   “Not quite,” Helen mused. “Can you tell me where you are?” Tony had looked around the room, swallowing down the rolling nausea it made him feel. He didn’t recognize the place, but he must have been there before because his body wasn’t panicking. “No.”   Helen had paused at that, her eyes searching for something that Tony couldn’t see. “Do you know what year it is?” Tony shrugged. “One of them?” “Do you know what your name is?” Helen had asked. “Tony Stark,” he had answered promptly, the name rolling off his tongue easily. “Do you know my name?” Helen had asked. “No,” Tony had said but it was strange because he felt like he should know. She didn’t feel like a stranger, but Tony couldn’t tell you if or when he had met her before. “I’m Doctor Helen Cho,” Helen had told him. “We’ve worked together before.” “Oh,” Tony had blinked. “Sorry. I don’t remember that.” Helen had nodded while she scribbled something down on a chart. She looked up, gaze sliding over Tony to the kid who was still standing by his bed. Tony followed her gaze, taking the kid in. His face was pale, brown curls in disarray and his eyes were red in a way that made Tony think he had been crying. He was twisting the hem of his over-sized MIT hoodie in his hands, chewing on his bottom lip to the point where it looked like was about to bleed. “Do you know who this is?” Helen had asked. The kid had looked at him, eyes wide and hopeful. “I’m sorry,” Tony’s heart had tightened painfully as he watched the kids face shatter and flinch back as if he had been slapped. “I – I’m sorry.” The kid had taken on last devastated look at him and promptly turned around and fled the room. “Who was that?” Tony had asked, staring after the kid, tears pricking at the corner of his eyes. “That was Peter,” Helen had told him delicately. “He’s… he works with you.” Tony had wanted to ask more, knowing that Peter was someone much more than who he just ‘worked with’ but Helen had said she needed to run some tests and the conversation had been put to bed as she determined how much damage had been done. Now, after an overnight stay in the med-bay, Helen was explaining to the Avengers what they were dealing with and Tony couldn’t take his eyes off Peter. He blinked when he felt something squeeze his hand and looked to the woman who had introduced herself as Pepper. “You okay?” She asked. Tony bobbed his head, giving her hand a squeeze back. He couldn’t remember her, but she was beautiful. Tony had felt so much love for the woman when he first saw her that he knew that the two of them were something to each other. She had introduced herself as Pepper Pott’s, his fiancé. “Thank god,” Tony had grinned. “You are too beautiful for me to ignore.” The Avengers had laughed and rolled their eyes, but Pepper had flushed with pleasure and given him a smile, taking his hand and had led him to the couch. “Don’t try and force anything to come back,” Helen said. “Just let the memories come back on their own. Spend time with the team and it will help you regain what you lost.” Tony nodded, looking back to Peter. “Sure.” “Until then, there isn’t much we can do,” Helen said. “You may get some headaches as your brain heals but if that happens you can just take some low-grade painkillers to help ease the pain.” “Thank you, Helen,” Pepper said, squeezing Tony’s hand again. “My pleasure. I have to go but I’ll be back to track your progress,” Helen smiled at Tony. “Thanks,” Tony nodded and with a wave to the group, Helen left. “Are you hungry?” Pepper asked, trying to catch his gaze. “It’s nearly lunch time. I can get us something to eat.” “Sure,” Tony shrugged, letting her hand slip through his as she stood up. “Peter,” Pepper said and for the first time Peter looked up. His eyes locked on Tony’s before flicking away quickly. “Why don’t you come help me in the kitchen.” Peter looked happy for the excuse and in an instant, he had uncurled himself fr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Tony Stark
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Temporary Amnesia
Sad Peter Parker
Tony Feels
Tony Angst
Awesome Pepper Potts
Parent Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

