Chapter 1





Chapter Text
1It had been a slow morning for Janice Williams, as she sat in Midtown’s nurse's office. There had only been two students before lunch, both of which were already sent home. She was just about to take her lunch when she heard the sound of footsteps coming towards her office.She looked up to see three students huddled in the door frame.Peter Parker looked absolutely miserable, standing between his two friends, Ned Leeds and Michelle Jones. Both of which were busy holding onto Peter’s elbows, since both of his hands were grasping his ears.Janice stood up and came around her desk when she caught sight of them. “Oh no, what’s wrong?”“Peter’s got a really bad migraine,” Ned answered very quietly.He certainly looked like he did. His eyes were completely shut, his face pinched so tightly she briefly wondered how he was even breathing.“Oh dear,” Janice said as she directed them to one of the small side rooms. “Come bring him here.”Peter made a whimpering sound as his friends moved him. Janice didn’t turn the light on when they entered. “Sit him on the bed,” she whispered softly.Once his friends sat him down on the table, they coaxed him to lay down completely. He still hadn’t opened his eyes or removed his hands from their seemingly tight grip on his ears.“Peter, sweetheart,” Janice said softly, Peter had tensed so she figured she heard him. “We’re going to step out of the room. I’m going to shut the door and it should be quieter for you dear.”She ushered his friends out of the room. “Does he get these often?”“Sometimes,” Michelle answered. “But this is the worst he’s had in a while. He uh, it’s like a sensory overload.”Janice nodded, she’d never seen someone with one, but she understood the basics. “Thanks,” she said softly to the two other teens, “I can take it from here.”Ned reached into his pocket and brought out two tiny earbuds. “These are special earbuds for him, we tried to get them in his ears but uh, he’s too strong, we couldn’t pull his hands off of them.”Janice took them but had to stifle a laugh, Peter did not look too strong normally and she doubted he was even stronger in his state. She thanked the teens and sent them off out of the room.She made her way back into the small room where Peter lay on the bed still. She closed the door behind her but still kept the lights off. She could see well enough in the dark and she knew how sensitive to light people with migraine can be.“Peter,” she said softly, standing next to the small bed. “I know you’re in a lot of pain, but I need to ask you a few questions. Can you nod your head for me?”He nodded.“Okay, good. Ms. Jones said that you suffer from sensory overloads, do you think this is what’s happening?”He nodded.“Do you have any unusual pain?”He shook his head no.“Did you hit your head or otherwise hurt yourself recently?”Another shake of the head no.“Alright, I’m done. Mr. Leeds gave me some earbuds for you. I know it’s hard to take away your hands right now, I’m going to leave them on the side of the bed. Please use them if you need to. I’m going to call your emergency contact. If you need anything, there’s a small button to your left, it’ll alert me at my desk, okay?”A moment passed by and then Peter nodded his head again.Janice left the room, closing the door as quietly as she could. It took her nearly 10 minutes to locate Peter Parker’s information, he had a May Parker listed as his emergency contact, but she was greeted with a voicemail instead of a live person. She usually waited and tried again but Peter looked in a lot of pain, so she went with the second emergency contact, Tony Stark.Hm, she thought to herself, it really couldn’t be the Tony Stark, could it?She called the number, after three rings someone answered. “Hello?”“Hi, this is Janice Williams, the nurse at Midtown School, can I speak to Mr. Tony Stark?”There was a soft sigh on the other end. “How’s Peter? Is he sick?”“He’s not feeling well right now, it seems he is having a sensory overload. If you’re able to pick him up, I’m sure he’d rather be at home.”“Yeah, sure. I can be there in 20.”The guy, who she greatly hoped was the right Tony Stark, hung up before she could continue.Exactly 20 minutes later, a figure approached her nurse’s office and she nearly jumped. Tony Stark, the Tony Stark, was standing in the doorway. She’d never seen the man in person before, but there was absolutely no mistaking it. He looked like he had just walked out of a magazine cover, casual tee shirt, jeans, blazer, and his signature sunglasses. She was so shocked by the appearance, she couldn’t think of a single word to say to him.“Peter?” He questioned her, his eyes scanning the room. It took her a minute to realize he was actually here to pick up Peter Parker.“Right over here,” Janice said standing up. “He’s been in there for about 30 minutes on his own, Mr. Stark. He seems to be having a hard time with sound and light right now.”Tony Stark returned the smile before opening the door
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Hurt/Comfort
POV Outsider
Tony Stark is Extra
Humor
High School

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

