Work Text:
Erik stared at the numbers brightly displayed on his Blackberry, as though glowering at them could somehow change the fact that he was already incredibly late to pick Wanda and Pietro up from Pietro's karate lessons and... whatever Wanda did at the community center when Pietro was at the karate lessons. Since the twins had transitioned from elementary school to middle school, he felt less nervous about the short walk from school to the community center and was happy to leave them there longer; the change meant he could spend more time at the office, but it also meant he was lucky to pick the kids up before seven.Today it was almost nine.The damning sign proclaimed the hours of the community center; It closed at eight on Wednesdays, and neither Pietro, nor Wanda, were anywhere in sight. Panic settled into his chest almost immediately as he scanned the street looking for places where the two rambunctious twins might have set up for the last hour: a coffee shop across the street, a dive restaurant... He spent several long moments scanning the options before giving the door an experimental tug and found it open.A small amount of the panic dissipated as he headed inside. Something that sounded suspiciously like one of the ridiculously hyper-sexualized pop stars that Wanda listened to all weekend - and evening - drifted from what had to be a gym, and he headed to the door. The sight that greeted him was interesting, to say the least.Pietro appeared to be chasing a man around the basketball court with a push broom while the man struggled to scoop up basketballs before Pietro could trip him. Wanda was observing, laughing at both of them, books - hopefully homework - spread out on front of her on one of the bleachers. When the man got far enough ahead of Pietro he would stop and make a ridiculously long free throw towards a ball cart. A perfect layup landed on top of the other balls and the man spun in an over-elaborate victory celebration.He caught sight of Erik, stopped, and was promptly bowled into by an unaware Pietro."Mr. Xavier! I'm so sorry." Pietro grabbed Mr. Xavier's arm and helped him back up, but the man waved off the assistance."No harm done, Pietro. That's what I get for not paying attention." The man's voice was soft, and British, neither of which Erik expected in someone who was running around a court with a basketball. He ran his fingers through floppy hair, setting it right again, and flashed a grin at Erik's son, reassuring. He was much more attractive than Erik was entirely comfortable with. "But, unless I miss my guess, it's time to head home."And just like that the spell was broken. Pietro looked in his direction and Erik tried not to feel slightly hurt at the disappointment that flickered momentarily across his son's face. "Right."Erik glanced between Pietro and Mr. Xavier, eventually landing back on the man who had apparently been babysitting his kids for the last hour. He was a good bit shorter than Erik, and dressed in khaki slacks and a white button-down shirt that seemed completely incongruous with someone who had been running around a basketball court, and also made him look a bit older than Erik guessed he was."Mr. Lehnsherr, I presume?" Erik had expected to detect at least a slight irritation from an hour longer spent at work, but there was none of that in his manner. Erik nodded, mute. "Charles. It's a pleasure to finally meet you."Then they were shaking hands and Charles was smiling at him as though they were long lost friends who had known each other for years and just needed a few moments to be reacquainted. "Yes, um... thank you for..." Not leaving his kids on the street for an hour because he was a horrible father who had never learned how to leave a problem go until tomorrow at work."Don't mention it. I will admit I used them for a bit of free labor." Sweeping the floors, at least. He shouldn't have found Charles smiling at him and admitting to using his kids as unpaid child labor that attractive, but Charles' eyes were really blue."Thank you, again. I had no idea you closed at eight today." Charles shrugged in response, just continuing to smile. Erik was uncomfortable with the easy, effortless forgiveness that Charles seemed more than willing to give at Erik wasting an hour of his evening. "Can I make it up to you? Coffee, or dinner maybe?"He tried not to wince; that probably sounded like a come on - which it was - but really Erik made it a point to not do that often, or in front of the children.Charles thought it over for a few moments. "I wouldn't want to impose."Something that might have been regret flickered through Charles' eyes, and Erik decided he might as well go for broke. "It wouldn't be an imposition, really it's the only way I'm going to feel like less of a cad for twisting your arm into watching my kids for an hour."Charles apparently thought that was funny, and he smiled. "Alright then, Mr. Lehnsherr.""Erik.""Erik." Charles gave him another smile and the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
emma is a mind reader
Fluff
New York City
Background Het

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

