Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


“I’m just saying, Happy,” Peter rambled on, dragging his suitcase up the steps onto the private jet – private jet! What is his life? – following close behind the other man. “The picture was dark! You can’t even tell what colours I was wearing. They don’t know it was Spider-man. They don’t even know who Spider-man is. They called me ‘Sticky Boy’.”Peter stepped into the cabin and froze in his tracks when he saw Mr. Stark sitting on one of the white leather airplane seats, gazing out the little window through his blue-tinted sunglasses. The light of the late morning sun catches the dark bruise around his left eye and Peter winces in sympathy. He had been pretty bruised up after the airport fight too, with a couple of cracked ribs, but he was all healed up by morning.“Uh … Mr. Stark, I didn’t know you were-“ Peter starts uncertainly, still clutching his suitcase. He heard what happened with Colonel Rhodes and he thought Mr. Stark would be with him.“We’re headed the same way. Figured I’d hitch a ride,” Mr. Stark gives him a tight smile.Peter chuckles nervously. “Heh, it’s got your name on the plane, sir. If anyone’s hitching a ride, it’d be me. ‘Cause it’s your plane and all. And I’m just-”Happy nudges him. “Bag in the overhead, kid. Come on.”“Right, right.” Peter lifts up his suitcase easily and stows it away on the overhead bin before latching it closed. Happy goes to the cockpit to lock in coordinates while Peter turns uncertainly on the spot. Would it be rude to sit in one of the four-seaters Mr. Stark is sitting in? Would it be rude not to sit with him? Happy didn’t like it when he-“You need a formal invitation or something?” Mr. Stark raises an eyebrow at him. “Sit down already. We’re taking off soon.”Peter lowers himself slowly onto one of the seats opposite Mr. Stark, not directly opposite, just off to the side, next to the aisle, watching the other man closely for any sign of disapproval of his choice of seating. But Mr. Stark is back to staring out the window and doesn’t say anything so Peter relaxes.Until the jet engines start revving up that is. Peter tenses in his seat and closes his eyes anxiously. The plane’s vibrations thrum through his oversensitive body and he’s keenly aware of the gears shifting in the machinery around him.“Nervous flyer?”Peter’s eyes flick open to find Mr. Stark scrutinizing him. “It’s only my second time on a plane. I’m still not used to it, I guess,” he admits.“Sit here,” Mr. Stark offers, nodding at the empty seat right next to him. “The G’s won’t feel so bad when you’re facing the front.”Peter hesitates for a second, then figuring Mr. Stark wouldn’t be able to see how anxious he is if they’re both facing the same way, he nods and does what the other man says.He buckles in just as the plane moves to take off. It’s really disconcerting how one minute he can feel the rough drag of the asphalt on the plane’s wheels, then the next it’s nothing, they’re speeding through the air. He can’t see it through the plane’s carpets, but he can imagine the ground falling farther and farther away with every second the jet engines propel them forward. Peter’s not afraid of heights, exactly. He spends a decent amount of his time swinging around tall buildings. But this is like, open, empty air. Nothing around to web himself onto safety, nothing to break his fall.Mr. Stark grabs Peter’s knee and squeezes it until it stops jittering.“Sorry,” Peter says sheepishly. He has a bad habit of bouncing his leg when he’s nervous. He doesn’t notice when he does it and it annoys Ned to pieces.“You wanna watch a movie? Get your mind off the fact that we’re hurtling through miles and miles of empty air in a tin can?”Peter’s actually forgotten all about his uneasiness over flying the moment Mr. Stark’s hand landed on his knee – it’s still there, by the way – but he nods anyway. “Sure, what did you have in mind?”Mr. Stark presses a button and a monitor slides down from the ceiling. He finally takes his hand off Peter’s knee to grab a remote from a panel under the armrest, handing it to him. Their fingers brush as they do so.Peter uses the remote to scroll through the movie selection. It’s pretty comprehensive, from new release blockbusters to famous classics. He’s not sure what he feels like watching at the moment though. What kind of movies does Mr. Stark like? He pauses when he finds Back to the Future and grins at the other man.“If you call this a ‘really old movie’, I’m throwing you off the plane,” Mr. Stark warns him. But there’s a tug of a smile in the corner of his mouth and it makes Peter grin wider.“I used to watch this a lot when I was a kid,” Peter says, hitting play and putting down the remote. “I was obsessed with the idea of time travel. I really wanted to make a time machine of my own and … I don’t know, I just thought it’d be cool.” There’s that familiar twinge in his chest when he remembers w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergent
Civil War Compliant
Homecoming Sort Of Compliant
Infinity War Divergent
Endgame? I don't know her
Slow Burn
Eventual Smut
Getting Together
bed sharing
Masturbation
Canon-Typical Violence
Frottage
Hand Jobs
Oral Sex
Phone Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Peter Parker
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

