Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy couldn’t stop crying, wailing really. Diane Lewis was pretty sure the last time Darcy had been this hysterical was the ill fated 3rd birthday party at Chuck E. Cheese, but that had been years ago. Her daughter was 9 now and while, yes, she could be dramatic at times, the drama was always a means to an end. That end being whatever Darcy had put her mind to that day.But that was her daughter. Strong-willed and smart as a whip. Darcy’s independence and tenacity were why this situation was so worrying to Diane. The young girl’s sobbing had woken Diane out of a dead sleep from all the way down the hall. By the time she had gotten to her room, Darcy had graduated to full blown howls.Diane had rocked her little girl, hugged her to her chest, and spoken steadily into her ear, but nothing she did calmed Darcy down. She wasn’t proud to admit it, but after 20 minutes of unsuccessful consoling, Diane had had to leave the room because Darcy’s voice was starting to give her the strangest headache… like her head was vibrating and her eyesight was going dark. She had left to get some water, maybe some Advil, with every intention of coming right back to her distressed child, but as she was getting a cup in the kitchen, the house became silent.Diane turned to find Darcy, cheeks red and glistening, in the doorway.“Honey,” Diane went to kneel in front of Darcy, cup forgotten on the counter, “Are you alright?”Diane was so close that she could see Darcy’s pupils narrow as they focused on her. Darcy took a small breath and let out words so soft that Diane had to ask her to repeat herself.“Grandma’s gone, Mama.”“Grandma? What do you mean?”Darcy’s shoulders curled inward and she hung her head to duck her mother’s gaze. “Grandma. She…” another shuddering inhale rocked her small frame, “Her arm hurt. She was going to sleep and her arm started to hurt and then her chest was burning and then… then we weren’t in her room anymore.”Tears had started to slide down her face again, so Diane wrapped her in her arms. “Oh, honey, it was just a bad dream. Grandma’s fine. It’s okay, shh,” she whispered to her daughter as she picked her up and headed back to bed.Diane could feel the neck of her sleep shirt growing damp where Darcy was hiding her face. “No, Mama, Grandma’s gone, she’s gone…” Darcy’s whimpers began to die out as exhaustion took over the child. Diane laid down on her own bed and cuddled Darcy to her chest.They slept until a phone call roused Diane. She left Darcy asleep and hugging a pillow to pick up the ringing phone on her desk.It was the Fort Lauderdale Police Department. Her mother had died in the night. Heart attack, they said.Diane couldn’t remember what she told the police officer on the phone. All she could remember was staring at Darcy’s sleeping face and remembering her words from the night before.
“Her arm hurt. She was going to sleep and her arm started to hurt and then her chest was burning and then… then we weren’t in her room anymore.”
-----------------------------------------    Darcy and her mother didn’t talk about that night. Not really. Diane had just told Darcy to never tell anyone about her dream. Her mother had looked so scared that Darcy hadn’t even corrected her.It hadn’t been a dream because she’d been awake the whole time.But Darcy didn’t tell her mother that. She didn’t tell Mama about how Grandma had been moaning and clutching at her chest, restlessly writhing in her bed, until she saw Darcy. She didn’t tell Mama that Grandma had only stilled when Darcy had climbed onto the bed and tried to give her a hug. She didn’t tell Mama that Grandma had only smiled at Darcy when the hug went right through her like Darcy’s arms were made of clouds. Darcy definitely didn’t tell Mama about how she could only touch Grandma when they weren’t in Grandma’s room anymore.It was almost like they were outside, but there was no ground or sky or light. Just shadows that danced in the corner of your eye, but melted away when you looked right at them.It should have been scary. Darcy thought it would have been if Grandma hadn’t been there. She didn’t say anything to her granddaughter, but only knelt to give Darcy a hug that normally would have been warm and soft. This hug was cold and hard, but no less comforting.Some part of Darcy knew that she wouldn’t see her Grandma again. Knew that she was going away to a place that Darcy couldn’t go. Darcy just knew it without knowing why, like when she knew that stray dog was scared and going to bite her when she found it in an alley after school. Darcy had just had to look into the dog’s eyes and then she understood. This time there were no eyes to look into, but her body knew it just the same: Grandma was leaving.Grandma let go of Darcy and smoothed one wrinkled hand over her cheek. Darcy closed her eyes as she felt her Grandma’s lips kiss her forehead, but was distracted by a frozen sensation creeping up her legs. She didn’t have time to open her eyes be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Jane Foster
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Supernatural - Freeform
Supernatural Darcy Lewis
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Banshee Powers
banshee - Freeform
Original Character Death(s)
Will Be Going Through Marvel Movies
Female Friendship
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Supernatural Elements
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
world building
Slow Burn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Jane Foster
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

