Work Text:
  As far as PR stunts went, Steve had done a lot worse. In comparison, the school tours of the Avenger’s Compound were the easiest thing he had ever done. When Fury had made a comment about the decreasing support for the Avenger’s after their latest mission, Pepper had been the one to come up with the idea to allow school groups to come and see what they did while giving them the opportunity to see what kind of work was available in the superhero business. With a carefully planned out tour by Pepper, the first tour group came out unscathed. While Pepper and Tony flourished, used to speaking in front of large groups (and since when was Tony good with kids?), and Steve was having uncomfortable PSA Tour flash backs, the tour went surprisingly well. As the day went on, they found their footing and had even begun to enjoy themselves. Sam and Rhodey got to talk about their careers outside of the Avengers, Clint and Natasha gave a very watered-down version of their skills and the importance of practicing their talents every day while Bruce got to talk excitedly about science with Tony. Thor excitedly told the students all about Asgard and even gave them the opportunity to try and lift his hammer, much to the amusement of the Avengers and delight of the students and teachers and Steve got to recount his old days and share what has changed over the years. By the time the second tour had come around, they had a perfect rhythm going and the support for them had begun to rise once more. It was all going well, until Midtown School of Science and Technology came for their tour. 
 “This is, like, the coolest thing that has ever happened to us,” Ned gushed as they stepped foot into the Avenger’s Compound. The building was the fanciest building that Peter had ever stepped inside of (and leaping off buildings as his alter ego didn’t count). The place was so open and bright that Peter honestly thought he had stepped into the future. “What about the time you two nerds saw Harrison Ford?” MJ asked. Ned and Peter shared a look before looking back to MJ. “This is definitely cooler.” MJ rolled her eyes and turned back to the book she had been reading. “Dude,” Ned whispered, leaning in close to Peter as their teacher gathered them into a tight group. “We’re going to meet the Avenger’s. This is, like, the perfect opportunity to tell them your –“ “Ned,” Peter hissed, looking around to make sure nobody was listening to them. Thankfully their classmates were too preoccupied by the building and the fact that the Pepper Potts was striding towards them. “I’m not telling them about, you-know-who.” “Voldemort?” Ned frowned. “What? No, Spider-Man,” Peter whispered. “Ooohhh,” Ned nodded. “That makes more sense.” “Welcome Midtown,” Pepper Potts smiled at them all, her voice carrying loud and confident over the group. “I’m Pepper Potts, CEO of Stark Industries and your personal tour guide for today.” The whole class had gone quiet, giving the CEO their full attention. Peter himself was in awe of the woman who had managed to command the room simply by walking into it. Peter knew all about Pepper Potts and how she had risen through the company to become the most influential woman in the world. He couldn’t believe that she was going to be their guide for the day. “Brilliant,” MJ said, snapping her book closed and tucking it back into her bag. For the first time, Peter saw that she was actually paying attention and he hid his smile when she glared at him. “Welcome to the Avenger’s Compound,” Pepper said. “We will be touring the whole facility but before we begin, there are a few things we need to go through.” Somehow Pepper made going through the rules engaging and fun and in no time she was leading them through the Compound, the class trailing after her like baby ducklings. The Compound was huge and there was so much more to the facility then Peter had expected. Peter was still trying to figure out what he wanted to do when he finished school – the decision a lot harder now that he was Spider-Man. As much as Ned encouraged him to introduce himself to the Avengers, Peter was a little nervous. He wasn’t a solider like Captain America, War Machine or the Falcon. He was no way close to be any kind of spy like Black Widow or Hawkeye and while he loved science, he was not in the same league of Bruce Banner or Tony Stark. Not to mention that Thor was an actual God. Peter was sure that they would take one look at him and declare that he was a stupid kid. So, when Pepper led them into the training room and the Avengers all stood there, waiting for them, Peter tried to make himself as small as possible. The class broke out into excited chatter, Ned clutching Peter’s arm so tightly that if he hadn’t of been Spider-Man he was sure that Ned would have dislocated his shoulder. “Welcome Midtown,” Tony Stark greeted them loudly, coming to Pepper’s side. “I’d introduce myself but I’m sure you all know who I am.” He winked and the class laughed as if on c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Can Wield Mjolnir
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Field Trip
Flash is a bully
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Mentor/Protégé
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Protective Ned Leeds
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Hurt/Comfort
Blood and Injury
First Meetings
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Fluff and Humor
Humor

fandom: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

