Work Text:
It had started out as just sex, a stress relief from the horrors that were looming ever closer on the horizon and from the daily struggle to learn to control their powers. Alex hadn’t expected the first desperate, angry kiss, but it made sense, the animal nature, the wildness that Hank tried so hard to pretend wasn’t there. The sex was amazing, mind-blowing in the best kind of way. It shouldn’t have shocked him that Hank had a kinky side, that under that dorky scientist exterior he was a closet pervert. The piercings were unexpected, the little balls of metal lining the underside of Hank’s cock. As pretty as they were, they also felt fucking fantastic when Hank fucked him.At some point, among the ribbing and bickering and abundance of sex, Alex realized that he liked spending time with the other man. Hank’s genius was endearing, and there had yet to be a subject that Alex had found that Hank didn’t know at least something about. They went to only meeting for a quick (or not so quick as the case usually turned out to be) fuck to spending hours talking into the wee hours of the night about anything and everything. While those times had often still ended (or began) in sex, at some point it was no longer a requirement. There was a growing friendship there, the possibility for something more that he’d never dared to consider with a man.So that’s why it hurt so much when with Hank change – the fangs, claws, and blue fur, Hank suddenly started avoiding him, disappearing when Alex knew he was supposed to be around. Even the others had noticed it, asking what Alex done to anger Hank this time. Then there was Charles who stared at him with such knowing pity and Erik who gave him that bitter little smirk every time they crossed paths as though his own fucked up relationship problems could be applied to Alex’s own. He was tired of it, so angry. Was it too much to just want the decency of a clear answer why?Alex knew that Hank had confidence issues, had been ashamed of his mutation, trying to always hide it underneath shoes and socks. It had taken time, but Alex had gradually been convincing Hank that his feet, his strength, his speed weren’t disgusting. The few times that Hank had really let go, they’d had a lot of fun trying out some interesting positions that normally humans couldn’t even dream. Alex was sure that Hank’s change had torn away all the progress that he’d fought for as Hank spent the days hiding, and the nights working locked in his lab pouring over genetic research and trying to find where he’d gone how, a way to reverse it.Alex had finally had enough, and that brought him to his current location, sitting in the middle of Hank’s lab, the edges of the door still slightly smoldering from where he broke through it. He wasn’t leaving until he saw Hank, talked to Hank, got some sort of answer out of him, and Alex knew that Hank wouldn’t hold out long. Taking a seat on one of the stools, he started flipping through the nearest book, something on genetics that was way above his knowledge of the subject, but it was something to pass the time.Unsure of how much time had passed, but knowing it was late, Alex closed the book with a weary sigh.  Yawning, he massaged his temples in an attempt to soothe away the beginning of a headache that was telling him he should have been in bed hours ago. Taking a quick look around and still finding no sign of Hank, he debated the wisdom of laying his head down for a few minutes.Just for a few minutes, Alex told himself. He just needed to rest his eyes. Sleep took him as soon as his head hit his arms. An undetermined time later, Alex jerked awake, cursing himself for falling asleep, and then sat up straight as he felt a set of eyes on him.Turning slowly, Alex blinked rapidly as he was was greeted by the sight of a very blue Hank flipping through a stack of papers on the table behind him.Not bothering to look up, Hank stated, “You would be much more comfortable in your own bed.”Alex stood suddenly, the rapid movement sending the stool toppling to the floor with a shockingly loud clang in the silence of lab. White hot rage bubbled just beneath the surface, and Alex fought to control it, his powers, the need for release, shoving them down with force of will only. Heart racing, blood pounding in his ears, Alex growled aloud, unable to believe Hank. “After all this time spent avoiding me, that’s the first thing you say to me? Gee, thanks, Hank. Glad to know you care.”Drawing a deep breath, trying to calm himself, Alex took note that at least Hank was looking at him now though his face was blank. But as the seconds passed and the silence stretched between them, Alex finally snapped, “Fine. You know what. I don’t need this. It’s clear you don’t want me here. I know when I’m not welcomed. I’m out of here. Have fun in your self-imposed solitude.”Abruptly Alex turned to leave, needing to go blow off some steam in the bunker. If that was how it was going to be, he wasn’t going to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Knotting
Animalistic
Transformation
Size Kink
Dirty Talk
Community: xmen_firstkink

fandom: 
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

