Chapter 1: Safe and Sound
    




Chapter Text
The day of the reaping was unusually muggy. District 3 was used to its warmer springs, but somehow the heat seemed  more oppressive that day. Whether it was from the cloudless day or the mass formation of bodies sharing their heat in the District’s square, Hiro Hamada felt sweat pool under the collar of his nicest shirt as he waited in line for the Capitol representatives to catalogue his participation. In front of the fourteen year old, his eighteen year old brother, Tadashi Hamada, turned his upper body to look at him. His broad shoulders were tense and his tall, lean body seemed too still to be natural, but the brightness in his almond-shaped eyes and easy going smile perpetuated the myth of being casual. “You okay?” he asked, his voice soft enough to be soothing. Hiro nodded on reflex, despite the slight bounce in his foot and the ever present pounding against his ribcage. He shrugged. “I’m cool, you?” “I’m good.” Tadashi reached out, placing his large hand on Hiro’s head. He ruffled the boy’s mop of jet black hair, a habit he had developed when they were younger and never seemed to put forth the effort to break, not that Hiro minded. It was familiar and comforting, especially now, of all times. His fingers lingered just the slightest bit too long among the silky threads, but Tadashi was forced to break away when the line rapidly began to deplete in front of him. It took too little a time for Tadashi to be next. He presented his trembling finger to the Capitol representative, as he had done six times before, and hardly winced when the lancet drew his blood. Once the box next to his name on the charter was marked, he was on his way to wait with the older teens. Hiro gulped down the lump that formed in his throat. “Next!” the woman on the table called out to him. Hiro gritted his teeth behind the stoic line of his lips; he wasn’t blind, he could see that his time was up. He lugged his lead-heavy legs to the table. He tried to keep his hand steady as he presented it to the ill tempered representative, but it was no use. It jittered like an obsolete engine roaring to life. The woman took his hand into her strong grip and pushed the lancet into his index finger. Hiro bit his lip to keep from crying out as a sharp pain radiated throughout his finger. His blood was then coaxed onto the paper by pressing the wound against the page, right next to where his name was written in big, bold letters. As soon as the finger was lifted from the paper, Hiro snatched his hand away. His eyes narrowed at the woman before he escorted himself the few yards to where the others in his age group were standing. Their eyes were all focused on the lone microphone standing on the stage. The stage was a grand, ominous thing only used for the reaping of one girl and one boy to be used as District 3’s offering to the Capitol’s Hunger Games, a televised sporting event where each District’s tributes were pit against each other to the death. Any other time, the stage was unoccupied unless its dark floors were being swept, its silver metal polished and the red curtains that hung on either side were dusted. It was as though they were trying to wipe away the dark cloud that hung over it, but Hiro knew no amount of effort could erase the history of carnage. Hiro looked at the fellow teens in his section. They weren’t far from the twelves and thirteens standing behind them, who were nervously clutching at their clothes and worrying their lips between their teeth, but there was something more hardened in their expressions. It was like the resignation of this yearly event finally seeped into their bones, making them wilted with weariness. Hiro looked in front of him to the sixteens and seventeens, who looked far too eager with bright eyes and devilish smiles. The eighteens to his right just sighed and pouted and rolled their eyes and bounced on their heels and talked incessantly among each other. All for the exception of Tadashi, who was almost directly across from his side, staring in his direction. Hiro gave him a small wave, which Tadashi returned along with a cheeky smile. "Dork,” Tadashi mouthed. “Nerd,” Hiro mouthed back. The microphone was tapped, bringing everyone to attention. Standing in front of the glittering amplifier stood the District 3 escort.  He was a large bellied, flamboyant man whose balding hair was an appalling shade of red. Unfortunately for everyone, his hair matched his silk suit pants and jacket. Adorned on each of his fingers were a variety of rings, each of a different size and color, and on his wrist rested an obnoxiously large gold watch. It almost seemed to weigh his wrist down as he struggled to pat his sweating head with a handkerchief. It would be sad, Hiro found himself thinking, if it weren’t so irritating. The pomp and circumstance of the reaping began with the man’s slurred speech, but after forteen years of practice, Hiro was able to tune him out expertly. He g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

freeform: 
Sibling Incest
Alternate Universe - Hunger Games Setting
Threats of Rape/Non-Con

fandom: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

