Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text

Peter
  
Don’t die, don’t die, don’t die.
 The words beat a rhythm through Peter’s mind as he sat on the cool, tile floor of the hospital corridor.  No one else was here right now but he could hear all the sounds in the surrounding rooms – people moving around with urgency, machines beeping, the low murmur of voices. The rest of the Avengers who came through the portal with him had been ushered away by a – frankly scary- Doctor, who was not intimidated by a group of battle-weary superheroes.  He didn’t dare go in himself, but parking himself in the corridor meant he could at least listen in to what was happening inside.  
Don’t die, don’t die, don’t die.
 Peter let out a breath, trying to force his own heart rate lower.  He closed his eyes as he focussed- cutting through the sounds of the machines, the panicked heartbeats of Pepper and Rhodey, and zoned in on Tony’s familiar heartbeat.  The one he’d gotten used to hearing during lab sessions and visits to the Compound; almost two years of hearing it had solidified its rhythm in his mind.  Peter knew how it sounded when Tony was concentrating on a project, when they watched movies on the sofa, the sharp upturn of it when he was angry at Peter’s recklessness – (‘you have the self-preservation instincts of a gnat, Parker’).  Tony’s heartbeat wasn’t sounding quite like it normally did today – then again, after what had just happened, his own didn’t feel all that steady right now. Peter felt bile burning the back of his throat as he thought about the battle: Tony’s heart had stopped.  He’d heard it stop.  The loudest silence he had ever heard.  There was barely time to let the tears run down his face when there was a shout and then Thor’s lightning struck Tony and his heart suddenly kicked in again.  Peter had thought he might pass out with relief.  Thor had given Tony a second chance.  It was more that Uncle Ben had ever gotten – they’d never even made it to the hospital. 
Don’t die, don’t die, don’t die.
 Peter felt his breath start to shorten - no, thinking about Uncle Ben right now was not a good idea.  Thinking about losing someone else…yeah, no, don’t go there.  Tony’s heart was beating now, that was all that mattered, if Tony could just be OK, everything would be OK.  Right?  He rested his head against the wall, continuing to ignore the sharp pain in his back that was trying to make itself known. He couldn’t relax whilst the sounds from next door were still so frantic- heightened heartbeats and stifled sobs making his head spin.  There was a sudden change in the rhythm of Tony’s heart and then…nothing.  He ran to the door of the medical room, almost pushing it open in spite of the scary Doctor but pressed his ear against the glass instead.  He heard the whirring noise of a defibrillator charging up and he flinched as he heard the sound of the electric shock being sent through Tony’s body.  Nothing.   
Whirr, Thump-Thump.  

 

Whirr, Thump-Thump.
 He half-sobbed when he heard the heart beat again, slow but steady, before slumping down on the floor of the corridor like someone had flicked his off switch. “Queens.” Peter looked up at the voice and saw Captain America above him, holding out a bottle of water.  “Thanks.”  Peter took it and watched as the great man slid down next to him on the floor, taking a drink from his own bottle.  Peter copied him, suddenly draining the whole thing when his body seemingly realised just how parched it was.  He took a sideways glance at the hero next to him, his helmet off now and sweaty, blond hair plastered against his head.  Peter noted the cuts on his face had been treated; some patched with steri-strips. They sat there for a few minutes – Captain America casually sat next to him, quietly sipping on a bottle of water like that was a normal occurrence- Peter not sure if this was an awkward silence that he was meant to break, but honestly too tense to care. “How are you doing son?” His voice was warm but had a weary edge to it.  It wasn’t the forced jovial tone Peter was used to hearing from the school mandated PSA’s. “I-I’m fine Captain America, sir.”  Peter briefly met the blue eyes that looked down at him. The older man smiled warmly at him.  “The name is Steve Rogers.  What about you?” “I’m Peter, Mr Rogers, Peter Parker.”  He guessed there was little point in hiding his true identity now – his mask was off – and well, he was an Avenger now too.  At least that was what Mr Stark had said back on the donut ship. “Nice to meet you without you putting me on my ass.”  Steve side-smiled at him and Peter felt his face heat up. “Um, I, I’m…”  Peter flustered. Steve put a hand up.  “It’s fine kid.  All water under the bridge.” “Or, in our case, a jet bridge.”  The words popped out; apparently he had no filter right now. Steve let out a short burst of laughter.  “Yeah, you’re right.”  He laid his head back against the wall with a small smile.  “Christ, that was a long time ago.”  Was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Found Family
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Alternate Universe
May Parker Has an Abusive Partner (Spider-Man)
Irondad
Wordcount: Over 100.000
Slow Build
Abused Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

