Work Text:
“You insatiable brute,” Loki complains, but doesn’t try to push his brother away. “Father will be waiting for me to take my position for your crowning ceremony, or did you forget?”Thor slips a hand under the edge of Loki’s tunic, fingers trailing over his navel.“The soon-to-be king of Asgard has need for you in another position.”He presses his chest flush against Loki’s back, sliding his palm further up Loki’s torso and rubbing his thumb over a peaked nipple.“We do not have time for this, Thor.”“Then I will have you now with haste, then again when I am finally your king.”He mouths against Loki’s neck, using his teeth and tongue to slowly unravel Loki’s arguments; it never takes long and he soon has Loki arching backwards into his body.“What about your adoring crowd?” Loki teases between soft breaths.“They can wait.”“This must be important then.”Thor brings his mouth to Loki’s ear, running the tip of his tongue along the shell.“You come first, brother, always.”“Is that so?”He slips his hand inside the waist of Loki’s trousers, encircling his slowly rising cock with tight fingers.“I shall make sure of it,” he whispers as Loki bucks into the touch.It’s all too easy for Thor to gently encourage his brother forwards, letting him brace his palms upon the wall, while Thor pulls his own hands away, putting them both to use as he unfastens Loki’s trousers. They fall to Loki’s ankles without needing help and Thor realises his brother has forgone undergarments for the day.“You wish to tease me?” he asks, but Loki shoots a look back over his shoulder.“I removed them for precisely the opposite purpose. Does it not stand to reason that the more layers I wear, the more teasing there would be? Therefore, one less item of clothing upon my person means you can have me quicker.”Thor hardly doubts that has been his brother’s intentions at all, but he can’t help but rut against Loki’s rounded buttocks at the thought of being so near to what he most wants.“Loki,” he whispers, running his fingertips down his brother’s pale and trembling thighs, “I do not have the time to prepare you as you aught be. Use your magic and I shall make it up to you tenfold later tonight.”Loki makes a noise that says he’s not impressed with Thor’s request, but Thor can hear quietly muttered archaic words under Loki’s breath and when he drags his fingers upwards, between Loki’s legs, they slip easily inside his body. Thor exhales a quiet groan against Loki’s shoulder; he will never tire of the wet heat within his brother. He pulls his fingers back out, feeling that Loki is already loosened enough, and it only takes him a second to push his clothing aside so that he can grip his own cock in hand.Loki spreads his legs wide for Thor, folding his arms and placing them against the wall, allowing him to rest his head upon the cushioning. Thor wastes no time as he digs his fingers into Loki’s hips and steps forward, nudging at his entrance with the leaking head of his cock. This is the way his brother should always look, he thinks, as he begins to sink inside Loki, feeling the tightness that always seems to be there, despite however long Thor prepares him.He feels Loki pressing back against him, wordlessly asking for more, and he can’t help but give his brother what he wants. He slides in as far as he can, before quickly pulling out and thrusting shallowly back into him. Loki makes no noise, but his mouth opens, jaw slack with all the words Thor knows he will never admit aloud. Despite knowing he will probably only earn himself a bite for his troubles, he pushes two fingers between Loki’s lips, rubbing them against his tongue gently. Surprisingly, Loki keeps his teeth in check and he instead begins to suck, bobbing his head and letting them push to the back of his throat. He slowly withdraws them, letting them brush over Loki’s chin, leaving wet trails in their wake. Loki’s tongue darts out, swiping as much away as possible, but his skin still shines with saliva.Thor brushes his palm down his brother’s chest, until his fingers bump against Loki’s cock, which twitches at the touch. He wraps a steady hand around it and begins to stroke, Loki’s hips faltering and rolling into the contact.“Thor,” Loki murmurs, voice low and tinged with pleasure.Thor increases the pace of his thrusts, pumping Loki’s cock with every buck of his hips. He is close; he can feel it winding and twisting around his groin.He threads the fingers of his free hand into Loki’s hair, tugging just hard enough to tilt his head back so that he can lean forwards – never breaking his rhythm – and kiss his brother. Loki’s lips are soft and pliant under his own; his tongue flicks out intermittently, brushing against Thor’s own and Thor cannot help but breathe a quiet moan into Loki’s mouth.“You will be my undoing,” Thor whispers when he finally pulls back from the kiss.Loki shuts his eyes and smiles lazily in response, shifting his hips and angling them down, allowing Thor to press deeper in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki

freeform: 
Pseudo-Incest
Butt Plugs
Barebacking
Plot What Plot

fandom: 
Thor/Loki

