Chapter 1: A Capture
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Loki’s feet thrummed across the ground, the makeshift cloth shoes barely enough to protect him from the harshness of the forest floor. He was running out of time. He scratched at the dry mud crackling on his skin as he ran, the irritating itch ever-present. How had he not gotten used to that yet? The familiar sounds of the forest didn’t calm his nerves, the wild call of a faraway bird enough to make his skin jump for the millionth time. He needed to get back, it would be starting soon. He was running out of time.He could smell them before he saw them, the billowing easterly wind warning him of the person just ahead. It was a man. Loki’s heart stopped as his body shuddered to a halt, his legs twisting around in an instant and turning him in the opposite direction. Loki could have recognised that heavy heady scent anywhere. Alpha. Fuck, fuck, fuck! This was not good, no, this was very very bad. How would he get back in time now? He couldn’t think of that, that was no longer his priority. Loki needed to lose the Alpha before the wind changed. He couldn’t lead him back to that place… not even if his life depended on it. Loki needed a new plan, a new place. If he could just manage to lose the Alpha, then maybe he could find a place to hide out for a night or two. His heart clenched at the thought, thinking about the person waiting for him back home, crying out Loki’s name. He knew they would be so scared, so lost right now, Loki had already been gone longer than planned. How had everything gotten so fucked up? Well, that wasn’t so hard to answer, was it? It was the same thing that had fucked up most things in Loki’s short life. Alphas.Loki was yanked out of his thoughts abruptly when his body suddenly smacked into something hard and unforgiving, his head rebounding, skull vibrating at the impact. His body was on the ground, curling into itself as he pulled his hands weakly to his head, cradling it as the pain radiated harshly down his bones. He felt blood, hot and sticky, running into his hands. His nose was broken. He rolled over, still winded, still panting in pain. All he could smell now was his blood. He froze when he felt something heavy drop on his hip, his eyes ripping open to find the source. Loki’s blood ran cold, his heart pumping ice around his trembling body. Towering above him was a steel-eyed man, a shock of jet-black hair and dark stubble framing his cut-glass jaw. The weight on Loki’s hip was the heavy boot of the Alpha before him. He was watching Loki’s terrified face with a kind of bemused interest, his boot pushing down a little harder on Loki’s body, watching as a flicker of pain twisted his bloodstained features.“Look what we have here, a pretty little Beta trespassing in our woods.”And that was the last thing Loki heard before something hard connected with the back of his head, and the world around him turned dark. *** Another hit, this time right in the tender flesh of his stomach. Loki didn’t tense in time and the kick ran unguarded into his abdomen. He groaned at the impact, his shackled wrists desperate to cling at the pain, to soothe the deep throbbing in his gut. Loki grit his teeth hard as the next blow came, this time to his back, causing a sharp inhale of breath to escape from his clasped lips. He didn’t want them to hear his pain, didn’t want to give them the satisfaction.“C’mon, Beta, it’s an easy question, isn’t it?”Loki closed his eyes, breathing hard as his body cried out to him, vibrant ripples of pain gripping each nerve ending, making him shudder, making him squirm. The grinning brunet man responsible for the kick in the back leaned down, his green eyes making contact with Loki’s blue.“Just tell us where you came from and why you are here, then we’ll let you go. Simple as that.”Loki’s cracked and bloody lips moved, his voice barely audible as he mumbled into the hard floor. His lungs screamed at him as the whispered words fell from his lips. There was so much pain. The green-eyed man leaned closer, trying to catch what Loki was trying to say.“I didn’t catch that, darling, say it again.”This Alphas words were sickly sweet, his victorious grin releasing his white teeth, reminding Loki of a starved wolf. Loki heaved in a shaky breath, his lungs protesting at the action. He trained his icy blues on the grinning man as he spoke, voice cracked and shallow.“I said… that’s more, then one… question.”Loki’s words were slow and hushed, the pain in his chest making it impossible to speak more than a few syllables at a time, but his small victory was enough to make him crack a smile as he watched the pissed off Alpha in front of him snarl, throwing another vicious kick into his back. Loki laughed through his groan, the pain in his stomach as he chuckled mingling with the pain in his back. It hurt, a lot, but it was worth it to watch the Alpha’s face drop. There were a couple
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Loki
Clint Barton/Loki
Loki/Stephen Strange
Loki/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers/Stephen Strange
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape
Gang Rape
Rape Aftermath
Gangbang
Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
Sexual Abuse
Verbal Abuse
Blood and Violence
Violence
Blood
Blood and Injury
Blood As Lube
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Hurt Peter
Non-Consensual Spanking
Sexual Slavery
Crying
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta
Beta/Omega
Alpha Stephen Strange
Alpha Clint Barton
Omega Loki (Marvel)
Omega Verse
Omega Peter Parker
Beta Bruce Banner
Alpha Steve Rogers
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Dark Clint Barton
Dark Steve Rogers
Dark
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Dark
Torture
tortured loki
Tony Stark Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker Loves Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Poor Loki (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner Feels
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Some Plot
Knotting
Forced Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Bonding
Mating Bond
Trauma
Rutting
Falling In Love
Love/Hate
Friendship/Love
Boys In Love
Love Triangles
First Love
First Time
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Top Bruce Banner
Top Clint Barton
Top Stephen Strange
Top Steve Rogers
Kidnapped Loki
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Past Abuse
Past Rape/Non-con
Rape Recovery
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Please Don't Hate Me
Incest
Size Kink
Size Difference
Penis Size
rough
rough oral
Rough Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Gaping
Hurt!Loki
Hurt Loki
Sex During Heat
First Kiss
Animal Death
Humiliation
Sharing a Bed
Sharing Clothes
Sharing Body Heat
Sex
Dystopia
Horror
Death
Character Death
Forced Kiss
Degradation
degrading
Attempted Seduction
Minor Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Past Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Sibling Incest
Brother/Brother Incest
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Betrayal
Slash
Male Slash
Fuck Or Die
Jealousy
Angry Clint Barton
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Sex
Possession
Possessive Steve Rogers
Possessive Steve
Possessive Tony Stark
Possessive Clint Barton
Anal Play
Ass Play
Peer Pressure
Power Play
Piss Play
Piss
Urine
Urine Play
Crying Loki (Marvel)
Face-Fucking
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Psychological Trauma
Childhood Trauma
Mpreg

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Loki
Clint Barton/Loki
Loki/Stephen Strange
Loki/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers/Stephen Strange
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker

