Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Summary:


“Bad dreams are ghosts of our fears and worries, haunting us while we sleep.” —Maria V. Snyder




Notes:
Something that had been floating around in my head for quite some time now and would not leave me alone until I did something about it, and I did, and this is essentially what’s come about from finally allowing that plot bunny running around inside my head to do what it does best and cause havoc for me to inevitably clean up and write about. So, here we are...As a disclaimer: this story is going to be dealing with a lot of controversial and taboo subject matters and it’s going to be one helluva chaotic ride, so if you find that you are easily triggered; please take heed to the tags and warnings for this story as more may be added in the future and proceed at your own discretion. Thank you in advance.




Chapter Text
  
Tony lets out a soft sigh as he lies sprawled out on a beach chair, feeling the warm breeze caress his skin.

The weather was gorgeous; the sky was a heavenly shade of blue and the sounds of the waves splashing against the shore brought about a peculiar sense of tranquility within that Tony had not felt in quite some time.

It lasted all but a very short time before he felt the presence of his daughter beside him. He didn’t even need to open his eyes to know she was there.

“Morgan,” Tony says, peeking an eye open and sure enough, there she is, clad in her adorable one-piece polka dot swimsuit with her lips poked out in a pouty expression, the same expression she would often use when she wanted something from him. “Sweetheart, if you’ve come back over here to ask what I think you’re going to ask—”

“Please daddy,” Morgan pleads, gazing down at her father with wide earnest eyes as she tugs at the pocket of his swim trunks, standing beside his beach chair. “Please.”

“Morgan, I said no. The water is too deep.”

“I know how to swim daddy. I’m not a baby. I’m nine and a half years old.” Morgan replies with indignation. 

“I know sweetie, but you still can’t go in by yourself.”

“Then swim with me, daddy. Please.”

“You know she won’t stop until you take her.” Pepper interjects with a slight giggle as she shifts a bit in the beach chair she lounged on beside him. 

“I know. That’s the problem.” Tony sneers with a shake of his head. “She’s spoiled as hell.”

“Please daddy.” Morgan continues to plead. “Please, please, please.”

“Alright, alright,” Tony sighs with a roll of his eyes as he arises from his relaxed position on the beach chair. “I’ll go with you, just stop begging. It’s not a good look.”

“Yay!” Morgan cheers, excitedly jumping up and down as she claps her hands together. “Let’s go, papa bear!”

“Be careful you two!” Tony hears Pepper shout to them as they head closer towards the shore.

“Hey! Slow down kiddo.” Tony lightly scolds his daughter as she wastes no time taking him by the hand and dragging him towards the shore where the light blue ocean water just barely reaches his knees and Morgan’s waist. “Alright, now, before we go in, I want you to stick close to me at all times. No swimming off or swimming in any direction where I can’t see you. Am I understood?”

“Yes daddy, I understand.” Morgan replies with an exasperated sigh and an annoyed expression on her face.

“I’m serious Morgan. You better not try anything or we won’t be returning to the beach for a while.”

Morgan sighs, nodding.

“Okay daddy, I understand.”

Tony nods and allows his daughter to lead him out onto the large body of water, until they’re fully immersed.

“Look at me daddy! I’m swimming!” Morgan giggles from across from him as she splashes around in a way Tony found endearing.

“You’ve gotten so much better sweetheart. Look at you!” Tony chuckles, watching as his daughter swam in circles around him, showcasing all of the exercises she’s learned in her weekly private swim lessons.

“Daddy! Daddy! Look how long I can hold my breath for!”

“No, Morgan, wait a second sweetie—” He tries, but it’s too late. Morgan has already disappeared under the water. “Morgan!”

Tony’s eyes search aimlessly and Morgan is nowhere to be found. He’d lost sight of her. A panic began to set in as he called for his daughter, ducked his head under water several times but to no avail. 

“Morgan!” He calls. “Morgan, this isn’t funny! You’re scaring your father! Morgan—”

Suddenly, Tony feels something grasp at his ankle and yank him down, with a force that pulls his entire body under water, completely submerging him.

Tony opens his eyes and tries to see what exactly it is that’s pulling on him with a strength and force that unsettles him, but he cannot decipher who or what it is.

But he does see his daughter, calling for him as she fights to be freed from the large serpent that has her encaged in its grasp.

Tony tries, with all of his might, to save her, to protect her, but whatever has a hold on him tightens its grip and pulls him down further, away from his daughter that tried so desperately to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hostage Situations
Parent/Child Incest
Parent Tony Stark
Teen Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Underage - Freeform
Self-Harm
Depression
kidnapped morgan stark
Alternate Universe - Dark
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Loss of Virginity
Hurt Tony Stark
Sexual Assault
Suicidal Thoughts
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Tony Stark-centric
Mental Instability
Discussion of Abortion
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Sexual Violence
Psychological Torture
Father-Daughter Relationship
Tony Stark Has Issues
Mental Anguish
Suicide Attempt
Consensual Underage Sex
Miscarriage
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Psychological Trauma
Forced Abortion
Mental Health Issues
Morgan Stark-centric (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Mental Breakdown
Parent-Child Relationship
Extremely Dubious Consent
Incest
Age Difference
Menstrual Sex
Hallucinations
Descent into Madness
Protective Tony Stark
Morgan Stark Needs a Hug (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Oral Sex
Tony Stark Has Nightmares
Heavy Angst
Kidnapping
Whump
Grief/Mourning
Sickfic
Bestiality
Dreams and Nightmares
Gore
Self-Hatred
Prophetic Dreams
Flogging
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Time Skips
Dysfunctional Family
Voyeurism
Character Analysis
Character Study

fandom: 
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)/Tony Stark

