Chapter 1: I
    


Summary:

Thanos takes Tony and Nebula with him





Chapter Text

Chapter I
14.000.605.“You have my respect, Stark.”14.000.605 different choices, different futures and they all ended up with half of humanity made of dust and/or reality and the multiverse collapsing on itself.14.000.605 different times and ways he died - which, when you thought about Dormammu wasn’t that much; but it was still too much.“When I’m done, half of humanity will still be alive.”Observing the future was not quite like watching television. To observe the future, one must  be in the future, they must live it.That meant that while Stephen was able to observe the majority of what happened, he was also limited to what  he was living. He could not see what happened to everyone else, he couldn’t see who died and didn’t die, but he could see this.“I hope they remember you.”But one thing did see all. One thing was aware of everything that happened to life itself in every single one of futures he saw, and it had made it’s choice - just as he chose him before, it was choosing someone now. Someone who couldn’t die.Thanos raised his hand, making a fist.Every time - save, perhaps, the first 12 times - Tony Stark was the last one standing. Tony Stark was the biggest chance, the last one to stand between Earth’s annihilation and the Mad Titan.The two stones in the gauntlet shone brightly.“Stop,” he managed to say, trying to lift himself off the ground he was laying on. “Spare his life… and I’ll give you the stone.”He could feel Tony’s shocked eyes on him, confusion, pain and anger burning behind those dark irids.He understood, of course. The stones were the things standing between Thanos and him quickly finishing his ‘purpose’. To someone who hadn’t seen the future, sparing one life by doing something that basically condemned half of humanity was not a very smart move, not even counting his words from before.[ But you have to understand... if it comes to saving you or the kid or the Time Stone... I will not hesitate to let either of you die. ]“No tricks,” demanded Thanos, the Reality and Power stone now pointed in his direction, eyes suspicious as they looked at him.“Don’t,” gasped Tony, and Stephen couldn’t meet his eyes.He knew what he was doing was right, as he summoned the Time stone from the star he hid it in, as he felt the partly sentient stone shine brighter for a second, and let it fly back towards Thanos. It didn’t make it easier.Thanos’ gauntlet almost shook when the green stone was placed, and he clenched his fist, energy coursing through the artefact and his body.“Four more to-” he started, stopping abruptly as a red and blue figure swung towards the gauntlet, intent on taking it off him. But it never managed, a huge purple fist grabbing him mid flight and squeezing him in it, hard enough to hurt.The Spider-Man boy.“ Peter !” gasped Tony, immediately trying to stand back up again, despite the obvious pain he was in. “Let him go!”“You’re brave,” said Thanos, half watching Tony trying to drag himself upright and mostly observing the grunting masked boy in his grasp. “But also very stupid, insect. Are you so willing to die?”He squeezed a little harder and Peter let out a pained cry, desperately trying to get out of the hold.Stephen had seen Peter die more than a million times, but it did not make it any easier. “Let him go, let him  go !” shouted Tony, and despite his pained breathing he managed to stand back up, shaking as he did. “Don’t kill him, you have the stone! Just leave him-”“He must be dear to you, Stark,” said Thanos, a thoughtful gaze on his face that made all of Stephen’s blood freeze. He knew what was coming, of course, and hoped this was one of the few times one of the Guardians managed to stand up and distract Thanos long enough for them to save Peter. For them to -“Very well. I will let him live too,” said Thanos, offering the gauntlet hand. “If you agree to come with me.”Tony didn’t even pause, didn’t even think. “Yes. Yes, just d-don’t kill him. Let him go.”“Mr Stark, don’t-” tried Peter, breathing harshly.“You’ll come with me?” asked Thanos, observing him very carefully. The look in his eyes made every single hair on Stephen’s body stand up.“Stark-” he started, but the man was approaching Thanos, decided, a hand on the now cauterized stab wound.“I’ll come with you,  willingly , if you let him go,” he repeated, voice steadier and eyes fixed on the teen rather than the titan.Thanos smiled at this, before throwing Peter away from him and pointing the gauntlet at him.“What-” said Tony, alarmed, but the red light of the reality stone didn’t burn him or harm him, other than encasing him in stone.The titan offered the hand with the gauntlet again. “I gave you my word I wouldn’t hurt him. I’m making sure it won’t happen even accidentally.”“Mr Stark! Stop!”Tony rolled his shoulders, before slowly putting a hand on Thanos’ gauntlet, ignoring Peter’s cries. He looked up at the purple being in front of him wit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Thanos
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Nebula & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Loki & Nebula (Marvel) & Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Stephen Strange - Relationship
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Tony Stark is Vision's Father
Brainwashing
Psychological Torture
Tony Stark is the Soul Stone
Gamora Lives (Marvel)
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Nebula (Marvel)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Unreliable Narrator
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
at some points not even thorbruce friendly
Sentient Infinity Stones (Marvel)
Dark Tony Stark
Obsessive Behavior
Mental Instability
Stockholm Syndrome
villain origin story
Anti-Hero
Villain Tony Stark
Except its a matter of perspective really
who decides if youre one or the other?
Betrayal
Loss of Trust
Civil War Team Iron Man
Broken Team Dynamics
Torture
not wanda maximoff friendly
Temporary Character Death
Technopathy
Technopath tony stark

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Thanos
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Nebula & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Loki & Nebula (Marvel) & Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Stephen Strange - Relationship
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

