Chapter 1: Fledgling Found
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Brilliant colors of red, yellow, and orange seemed to have been painted on the leaves that littered the forest floor as Aleta walked along one of the paths. Her footsteps were almost silent in comparison to how they sounded on her ship. The cold November air didn’t bother her, it was colder out in deep space where she normally spent her days.


She was a Ravager captain, one of the originals, one of the seven flames, head of one of the ninety-nine clans. Ravagers were a special breed of space pirates, they stole from everyone, except each other, loyal to their Admiral Stakar Ogord, Aleta’s estranged husband. Usually, this meant that she got the first pick of assignments when one needed the touch of one of the seven captains, not this time though. She’d drawn the short straw so to speak, an assignment to collect minerals from Terra’s poles. Getting this assignment probably had something to do with the fact that she’d made a joke at Stakar’s expense during the last meeting.
She didn’t mind it, unlike some of the menial tasks that got doled out to the different factions a trip to Terra was refreshing. She liked the little backwater planet, there were so many different cultures, foods, books, and languages, the latter of which was her hobby. She had a gift for picking up languages and since Terra had over six thousand of them, she was never without something new to learn.
When they’d finished collecting the minerals, anyone on her galleon, the Falkor, were allowed to mingle. As long as they could blend in and not lose any advanced technology. Aleta had come down on her own, she had wanted to explore an island that she hadn’t been able to before, though she could speak the language albeit with an accent that was deemed “American”. The British Isles were beautiful in her opinion and she had spent the better part of the day quietly making her way around the island. She needed to leave soon, as the sunset was the deadline for everyone to be back on the main ship that was hovering just out of sight of Terra's satellites which were getting better at finding things. Soon they’d only be able to do this run if they were completely cloaked, which took up a lot of energy. Energy that Aleta’s ship didn’t always have with her tendency to stay at the edge of unknown space where there were fewer opportunities to use the solar chargers, or purchase fuel. That was a problem for future Aleta, who would probably cuss out her past self for leaving it up to her.
She was almost back to her ship when she heard something behind her, it was still distant enough that she couldn’t identify it, but close enough that if she didn’t move now she’d be spotted. Quickly she darted into the tree line, allowing the long shadows to conceal her from the view of the path and waited. She needed to find out if she was being followed and if the noise was coming from a friend or foe. For a while, nothing much happened other than the darkness getting thicker as the noise became louder and distinguishable, the noise was a discernible cry. A small childlike cry. Slowly Aleta edged back towards the path, curious as to why a small child would be out in the middle of a forest at this time of day. It was then that she saw him.
A large man, though large was the only word she could remember in English to describe him, was carrying a basket. The contents of the basket were making the crying noise, though the noises were now becoming discernable words, alternating between ‘Ma’, ‘Da’, ‘Patty’, and ‘Mooy’. It soon became clear to Aleta that the people the child was calling for were not coming as the man growled at the child to shut up. It was all she could do not to jump out of the tree line and stab the man right then for his harshness towards the child. He passed Aleta’s hiding spot and found a bush that hadn’t lost all of its leaves yet and stuck the basket underneath it. The action only served to aggravate the child and he started crying again. The man managed to waddle away and out of sight before Aleta had gotten over her shock, she knew that this wasn’t what normal parents on this planet did with their offspring. She couldn’t stand it any longer and walked out from her hiding spot to where the small child had been left. He was still crying, and now fighting to get out of his basket and blue blanket.
“Shhh,” she said, leaning over to pick him up with an ease that she didn’t know she still possessed. He stopped crying for a moment to look her over, her soft tone and gentle hands having soothed him for the moment. He gave big sniffles and took deep breaths before sticking a hand in his mouth as she carefully settled him onto her hip mindful of the weapons that were concealed under her clothing.
“It’s alright, now let’s see what’s in your basket, I might be able to get you back home.”
“Ma?” He said his big green eyes searching her own, they were
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Aleta Ogord/Stakar Ogord

freeform: 
Found Family
Adoption
Ravagers - Freeform
Before any of the events of the Guardians of the galaxy movies
Taking bits from the comics
and bits from the movies
and a lot from the books
Harry grows up with the original Ravager team
Baby Harry Potter
Found harry potter
Love
Family
Surprise Baby
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Space Pirates
Harry Potter raised by others
Vernon is mean
Well-Meaning Albus Dumbledore
Misguided Albus Dumbledore
Vernon Dursley Being an Asshole
Child Abandonment
A lot of the hp characters don't come on until later
But they're mentioned
Past Child Death
Past Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Stakar and Aleta's father was evil
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Flashbacks
Past child experimentation
None of these apply to harry potter
Ravagers as a family
Healing
Character Study
Canon-Typical Violence
Drinking to Cope
Vomiting
Slow Build

fandom: 
Aleta Ogord/Stakar Ogord

