Chapter 1





Chapter Text



With Peter being a broke college student, and May having moved to Florida a few months prior for a job promotion, it only made sense for Tony to invite him to live with him and Morgan. It took a lot of convincing; Peter was afraid of imposing on their routine or bothering them with his presence.


Tony assured him that he was absolutely wanted in their home.


“What about Morgan, though? This is her home too,” Peter pointed out.


“I already spoke to her,” Tony brushed off his worries. “In fact, it was her idea.”


Peter bit his lip regretfully. “I can’t afford the rent.”


“Seriously?” Tony glared at him. “In what world would I make you pay rent? And I own my home.”


Peter relented then. In comparison to their past quarrels, he really hadn’t been putting up much of a fight. Admittedly, he was excited to live with the Starks. They were some of his favorite people in the world, and he didn’t get to see them very often.

Tony and Peter stepped into the penthouse with the latter’s meager two boxes of belongings. Tony had scoffed when he’d seen them, and proclaimed that they’d be going shopping sometime soon. Peter didn’t bother to protest. Whether he agreed to go shopping or not, Tony would find a way to fill up his wardrobe and drawers.

“Petey!” Morgan slid off of the stool she was perched on and raced towards him, small arms outstretched.

Peter bent down and picked her up, hugging her close and twirling her around. “I missed you, Mo.”

“Guess what happened today?” Morgan wriggled around until he put her down and went back to the counter, on which a piece of paper was laying with a pack of crayons on top.

“What?” Peter exchanged amused looks with Tony, who was watching them with a small smile.

“Ms. Rachel told us we could draw our favorite superhero for the art showcase!” Morgan stood on her tiptoes and snatched her paper from the counter, which she presented to Peter proudly. “I said my favorite was Spider-Man, but Daddy said that wasn’t fair because Spidey was his favorite, too, and we couldn’t have the same one. He wanted me to draw Iron Man.”

“Your daddy just wants to be your favorite,” Peter snorted, heart melting as he took in the blue, red, and gold scribbles, “but I see you found a compromise.”

“Yeah,” Tony sniffed, pretending to be offended. “If she was going to draw you anyway, the least she could do was draw me too.”

“It’s okay, Tony,” Peter consoled, patting his arm. “You’re still my favorite.”

Morgan and Tony sent him identical smiles, and Peter had to take a moment to just take them in. In the time that they hadn’t seen each other, Tony’s hair had grown more specks of gray, while Morgan’s was now a couple of inches longer. They looked happier than they did last time; Tony’s stress lines were largely gone, and the brightness of Morgan’s eyes was proof of her contentment.

Peter supposed that they were both glad that the divorce was over and done with. It had been a stressful period of time for everyone involved. Morgan had been confused and upset, wondering where her mom was going; Tony had been betrayed and in parts relieved; he told Peter later that he’d been thinking about leaving Pepper beforehand, because he could feel his love for her fading, and he hadn’t wanted to string her along.

Pepper’s unfaithfulness had still hurt him, though. Peter didn’t understand how she could ever do something that would jeopardize her place in this family, let alone go behind Tony’s back like that.

“So, what’s this art showcase you mentioned?” Peter asked Morgan curiously, following her into the living room with Tony at his heels.

“It’s on Friday, and everyone gets to be in it,” Morgan explained, and then her eyes turned pleading. “Will you come, Petey? Please?”

“Yeah, Petey,” Tony sat down on the sofa and patted the spot next to him, motioning for Peter to join him. “Will you come?”

“Hm,” Peter pretended to think, tapping his chin and trying not to laugh at the hope on Morgan’s face. “I guess I could spare some time for my favorite Stark.”

Tony perked up. “That’s me, right? I’m your favorite Stark?”

“Daddy,” Morgan scolded. “You can’t be the favorite Stark and the favorite superhero. Pick one.”

Tony looked affronted. “Well, why not?”

“You said that only mean people are greedy,” Morgan said slowly, as if Tony was being particularly stupid. “But you’re not mean.”

Tony put his hands up innocently. “Alright, alright. You can be the favorite Stark, Morguna.”  

Morgan beamed and jumped onto the couch in between Tony and Peter, forcing them to move apart and make space for her. Once she was comfortably nestled, she leaned into Peter’s side and stuck out her tongue at Tony teasingly.

Tony rolled his eyes. “I don’t know where you got all that sass from.”

“Oh, you don’t?” Peter asked dubiously.

“No one asked you, Parker,” Tony scowled, but the mirth in his eyes gave away that he was just as amused as the other two.

“What are we having for dinner?” Morgan asked her d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Getting Together
College Student Peter Parker
Kid Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Domestic Fluff
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Peter Parker
Minor Angst
Jealous Tony Stark
Suspected Cheating
But no actual cheating I promise
Marriage Proposal
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Mentioned Skip Westcott
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Not inflicted by main pairing
Identity Reveal
Insecure Tony Stark
Clueless Peter Parker
Misunderstandings
pepper is not the best in this

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

