Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Good BoysTitle: Good Boys, Part 1/?Rating: NC-17Pairing: Erik/CharlesWC: 1131, this partSummary: Charles has always been a good boy.Inspired by the prompt on 1stclass_kink that Charles needs help from Erik coming to terms with the fact that he's attracted to men. Charles is gay, but he has repressed that as only Charles Frances Xavier can. Which means he's, er, half a virgin. Erik Lehnsherr is about to change this.A/N: I felt like doing something without teh Magical Goggles of Slash where everyone is magically totally cool with the fact that they're being asked to have sex with men. I hope you like it! Also you can see how it ends from the first chapter, but I hope you'll get there with me! You are the sexiest lab rats in the world and have made me the weapon I am today.In spite of his best efforts, Charles had always been a good boy.His eyes shoot open and his hands clench on Erik’s shoulders. A good boy – it was the curse of neglect, not abuse, that made him think, “If I only tried a bit harder,” and “Perhaps this time, if I make everything perfect, they will notice.”Erik laughs against the pale skin over his collarbone and plants a kiss on his neck.  And then after there was no longer any point in making them notice, there had still been the strange schoolboy’s pride at having raised himself. “Charles Xavier wouldn’t do that,” he would think. “Not because Mother wouldn’t wish him to or his stepfather might be incensed, but because it is not in Charles’ nature.” It was the sort of idea you got from reading too much Kipling, he’d thought later, but by then it was fixed in him. There were things that Charles Xavier did and things that Charles Xavier did not do.“Fuck me,” Charles pants. “There. There. Erik. God – you’re – astounding.” The room seems saturated with new color. His whole body feels wildly, pricklingly alive. Erik’s cock nudges something in him again and he shudders and cries out, “I’m going to – you’re a god—you’re perfect—you’re huge--”“You’re spoiled,” Erik hisses. There were things Charles Xavier did not do, because Charles was a good boy. He did not go rampaging through the minds of strangers. He did not lie. He did not cheat at chess.Erik is thrusting into him again and making Charles moan with abandon, his eyes flickering shut. Their breaths come raggedly, and Erik’s words are punctuated by his thrusts, fingers tightening on Charles’ hips. “You’ve – been waiting your whole -- life for this, haven’t you? To be fucked – like this? Haven’t you, Charles Xavier?”“God, yes,” Charles shoves desperately back against him, wanting more. “I think I have.”He did not fall for strange men. He did not fancy men at all. He had no interest in men, certainly not tall dark-haired Germans whose minds and bodies bore unthinkable strange scars, who could move metal with a thought or a touch.There were things that Charles Xavier did and things that Charles Xavier did not do.And allowing Erik Lehnsherr to fuck him in the ass fell squarely into the latter category.At least that was what Charles would have thought three weeks ago.“Fucking God, Erik,” Charles manages, tiny spots exploding behind his eyes, thrusting harder against Erik and seeing Erik’s eyes unfocus a little, and Erik murmurs, “Gott im Himmel, Charles, you’re too fucking perfect, you look fucking perfect like this, I’m going to—” “Do it,” Charles groans, “I want you so fucking much, Erik, please,” and he can feel Erik’s release welling up and tightens his grip on Erik’s shoulders and Erik slides deeper into him, and his head lolls back and his eyes fall shut and his breath catches and Erik moans, “Charles – you’re so – fucking – exquisite,” and he feels the thought, I want to spend the rest of my life making you look like this, making you make that sound, making you come panting my name, you look perfect, you feel perfect, I have never wanted anything so much in my life, and then he can’t hold out any longer, feeling something unclench within him. As he comes he feels his body clamp around Erik’s cock, and Erik groans and spends himself inside him. They sever reluctantly and Erik stares at him in awe. “Charles,” he whispers, “Are you sure this is your first time being deflowered? That was the sexiest thing I have ever seen in my life.” Only then does Charles blush. --It was not supposed to go like this.Charles was a perpetually good boy. It was simply a matter of control. He read genetics textbooks at the beach. At boarding school he had gone months without masturbating. Control. He liked women – scrupulously unscrupulous, his roommates had called him in college, after finding a table of the vital statistics of his most recent conquests that he’d been keeping in the corner of a notebook.He knew that men existed who – preferred the company of men, to put it delicately – had stumbled across enough fantasies in the course of his perambulations through strange minds to know it was more common than even Kinsey suggested. Once a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
_Erik/Charles

freeform: 
First Time
Dirty Talk
Porn With Plot
Porn
Gay and Mutant in sixties
Blow Jobs

fandom: 
_Erik/Charles

