Chapter 1: Orientation
    




Chapter Text
Peter felt both stressed and excited when he learned that first year students in his program at NYU had the option of substituting an internship for coursework. He was excited because an internship would mean real hands-on experience in his field and less tedious schoolwork and lectures to endure. The stress came from him knowing that there was only one place he really wanted to intern—Stark Industries. It was a stretch for him to think that his application would even be considered, and to think of it being accepted? Impossible. It was the company of his dreams, though, and regardless of his chances, Peter wanted to try, so as soon as the freshman orientation was over, Peter left campus and returned home to his trusty desktop computer.The application process was  long , to say the least. He attached his resume, answered a few generic questions about himself, and submitted the whole thing before he could back out of it. And that was it. All he could do now was wait and hope, although he was pretty sure he didn’t even stand a chance; everyone knew only the best of the best were chosen for a Stark Industries internship.Peter was getting antsy when most of his fellow students had heard back from the companies they had applied to and he hadn’t. He knew it had been foolish to apply to only one company. It was a gamble. He hadn’t had the heart to apply anywhere else, though. It was working for the legend Tony Stark himself, or bust. He would’ve rather done any coursework required than pretend he respected any other company in New York City enough to wear their ID badge.Peter had to admit that he really wasn’t expecting anything after he sent in his application—not even an automatic email thanking him, but then one day—one highly unexpected day where the weather was bad enough to dampen Peter's mood entirely with all its rain and dreariness—Peter received an email. From Stark Industries. And as far as Peter knew, a company as big and important as SI wouldn't take the time to email rejections. Which meant...“No way,” he breathed.“No freaking way!”Peter couldn’t believe it. He pored over the email dozens of times, trying to make his brain soak up the information. It was difficult when he was so excited.He was to start on Monday, which left him less than a week to get some appropriate clothes to wear. Of course, there was a dress code and several other little rules that he would have to memorize and abide by to make sure he did a good job.It was okay, though, Peter, Ned, and MJ made a day out of it, hitting up all the thrift stores in the area to make sure he had something decent for his first day.The night before his first day, he didn't sleep well at all. He was too excited and nervous, thinking of everything he'd be doing and accomplishing now. God, he really hoped he wouldn't screw up; he couldn't imagine being let go within a few hours of working. Was that even a thing? He finally fell asleep around two in the morning, exhausted by his own mind.Peter wasn’t well rested when he made the trek to Stark Industries, but his energy was renewed when he walked into the building through the spotless glass doors. He spoke with the receptionist, proved his identity, went through a quick scanning procedure, and then he was in the elevator and on his way up.Peter was sort of sick of the whole orientation thing since his entire first week of classes had been nothing but intros to the syllabuses, but he was willing to go through another one if it meant he got this amazing opportunity. He couldn’t help but wonder if Tony Stark would make an appearance, say a few words, check out the new meat, but it was probably below his pay grade. Still, Peter hoped.Finding his way into the meeting room for orientation wasn't difficult at all; there were multiple helpful signs stuck on the walls. Peter joined the group of interns that had already arrived, shyly making himself mingle a bit. He didn't want to be known as the quiet kid who lounged in the background. A few minutes passed and Peter was debating whether to use the restroom or not when the door opened yet again and someone stepped in. The noise in the room died down immediately, and the brief silence was quickly followed by excited whispers, and Peter jerked his head up, eager to see who it was. He was a bit (very) disappointed to find that it was, in fact,  not  Tony Stark.“Welcome everybody. I’m Pepper Potts, the CEO of Stark Industries.” She paused and looked around the room with a small smile before continuing. “You should all be proud of yourselves for making it this far. Our procedure for hiring interns is rigorous, as you know from filling out the applications. We only accept the best of the best, and that’s you. So, congratulations.”Peter listened to the rest of her introduction politely, pleased at the reminder that he had actually made it. With everything Miss Potts was saying, it made sense that she came down to orientate everybo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Alternate Universe - No Powers
College Student Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Dom Tony Stark
Sub Peter Parker
First Meetings
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
BDSM
Dom/sub Undertones
Daddy Kink
Smut
Eventual Smut
Shameless Smut
Eventual Relationships

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

