Chapter 1



Notes:
It will take a few chapters for Darcy and Bucky to wind up in the same place, for reasons that will become obvious.




Chapter Text
“Oh shit.” Darcy Lewis might not be an astrophysicist, but she’d been working with Jane enough years to know that the readings showing up on the screens were something huge. Multiple somethings. “Jane. You’d better look at this. Like, right the fuck now.”
“The same signature as last night?” Jane was sitting in front of two other computer screens, her fingers flying as she worked on notes. They’d hit a bunch of crazy anomalies in their readings just after supper the day before – evening their time, afternoon back in the States – that had lined up with the images exploding all over social media and the news. A big black donut-looking spaceship over New York. Later into the night, there had been a similar reading over Edinburgh, but without any supplementary evidence other than a vague report of something having crashed through the roof of Waverley Station in the middle of town.
Darcy took a deep breath. “Um. Yes and no?” That finally got Jane’s full attention, and she wheeled her chair over to see what Darcy couldn’t stop staring at. “Whatever it is, it brought friends. A lot of them.”
Jane zoomed in on the display. “That’s Wakanda. That’s an army, descending on Wakanda.”
“Why there?” New York kind of made sense, in a sick sort of way. Edinburgh had seemed like an anomaly – not to mention way too close for comfort, even though it had to be at least a thousand miles from central Scotland up to the north of Norway, where she and Jane had been working for the past few years. But Wakanda? Darcy didn’t know much about the place. “Isn’t that the one where their king got killed and there was some big manhunt for that Winter Soldier dude, and like half the Avengers wound up on the most wanted list?”
“Darcy, focus!”
Jane’s tone brought her attention back to the present. “Sorry. Yes. War of the Worlds shit. I hope the good guys are there.” These days, she wasn’t even sure who she should be including under that list.
They both stared at the monitors for a couple of minutes, before Jane snapped back into action and started scribbling notes and listing off readings for Darcy to print out. Almost as fast as things came off the printer, Darcy was taping them to the wall in the order that Jane instructed, trying to create some kind of pattern. She could see the similarities between the three incidents, even if she didn’t have Jane’s level of expertise to figure out what the hell it all meant. Although she knew that Jane’s mind wasn’t really on what might be happening on the ground in Wakanda, but out somewhere in the stars, probably already trying to work out where these ships had come from.
 
There was one thing that Darcy could recognize without her boss’s help at this point, though, and it came up maybe half an hour later. “It’s him,” she announced, banging her hand on the table without really meaning to. The signature was unmistakable. “It’s an Einstein-Rosen bridge, right in the middle of everything.”
“What?” Jane was looking over her shoulder almost before she was done saying the word. “But that’s… I’ve never seen one so powerful. I don’t know if that’s him.” Him. Thor. God of Thunder. Jane’s ex, who had left a giant Asgardian-shaped hole in her life the past few years. They had seen flashes just a few weeks before – in New York, and just a couple hundred miles away within Norway – that bore all the marks of the Einstein-Rosen bridge that he called the Bifrost, his way of teleporting between Asgard and Earth. But Jane was right: this time it was stronger. What that meant was anyone’s guess.
“Hopefully he’s there to kick some ass,” Darcy said, but the screen revealed nothing.
 
They saw most of the energy signatures receding not too long after that – but whether that was a good thing or a bad thing, they had no way of knowing. The news, Twitter, Reddit, some of the darker corners of the web that sometimes had dirt on things: they were all coming up empty. Wakanda was one of the most secretive countries on the planet; that was one of the few things Darcy did know about the place, so maybe it wasn’t a surprise that hours went by without anything except the impersonal, cryptic space data to go on.
The data kept them working through the night. All-nighters were easy in summer above the Arctic Circle, though, and it wasn’t until about four-thirty the next morning that they both started to flag from hunger and lack of sleep. With a great deal of cajoling, Darcy eventually managed to force Jane away from the computers and calculations and back to their flat for some rest. When she opened her eyes again, it was mid-afternoon, and she eventually realized it was Jane’s ringtone that had woken her. “Jaaaaaaane, get your phone,” she yelled, knocking on the wall between their rooms, as the phone stopped and then immediately started ringing again.
On the other side of the thin wall, s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Minor Jane Foster/Thor
Minor Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Fluff and Smut
Eventual Smut
Enthusiastic Consent
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Scientist Wrangler Darcy Lewis
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Thor went for the head
Everyone lives at the upstate compound
Baking
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Past Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

