Work Text:
Bucky sat on the couch and tried to ignore the highly superior look that his 18 month old daughter was able to convey. Anna looked like her mom, that was sure – her hair had slowly darkened from the moment she was born and was now a deep copper. In fact, she was pretty much identical to her mother – the only thing that held even the slightest trace of him was her dark blue eyes, and even then she still managed to look like Natasha through her glares.Shit, but he missed Nat. Their one night stand kicked them in the fucking balls nine months later, when it was obvious that ‘Baby Clint’ wasn’t exactly… um… Clints.He’d taken it okay, knew about the ‘on a break’ drunken fuck between his two best friends – once he’d gotten over the shock. Once Bucky had gotten over the shock. He had a kid. He wasn’t supposed to have a kid. He sure as hell wasn’t supposed to be the only one left to look after a kid.Black ice on the road. They told him, standing in his apartment while Anna screamed the place down for her mother. 3 weeks old, Clint was driving Nat to a check-up – something about dissolving stitches from a tear? – And there had been black ice and now… Now it was just Bucky and Anna.He hadn’t been prepared. Not by half. Not at all. He’d spent the last 17 months flying from the seat of his pants just trying to get shit organised. Clint’s place had been already set up for Anna, with her nursery and baby-proofing everywhere – so he’d sold his apartment and lived in the much larger apartment that Clint had owned. They’d left Bucky everything, which had been a fucking terrible surprise. Natasha had left everything to Clint if something happened to her, and he left everything to her – however, some forgotten, drunken conversation had left a clause in there that if something happened to them both – Bucky got the lot.Nat had planned on going to the lawyers and changing everything to Anna’s name, but… but… she didn’t get to do a lot of stuff she wanted, in the end.Black ice.Of all the shit they’d done, the army, the stupid fucking risks, the danger in their lives – something as mundane as an ice road took his best friends from him.Tash had died on impact, a railing had… He shook his head, trying to get rid of the image. Clint though, Clint made it to the hospital – had talked to Bucky before surgery, spaced out on the drugs but still Clint. Alive.Complications. Internal bleeding. Massive trauma.Buck left holding the baby in the waiting room as she screamed the fucking place down because Bucky had already used the last of the expressed milk Tash had left him while he babysat. He had no clue what to feed her after that.Social work had arrived, wanted to take her away – Clint’s name was on the birth certificate, but he’d argued – he’d hit the fucking roof, demanding DNA tests and point blank refusing to give her up. The over-worked, over-stressed social worker had agreed that Anna could stay in his custody only because he’d been the one that Clint and Tash had left to babysit.The DNA results, obviously, just sealed the deal.Anna was currently sitting in her walker, little fat legs kicking at the wooden floors under her feet as she moved in inches backwards and forwards. Normally she could make that fucking thing go at mach 3, which was why he had a ring of bruises around his calf, all at the same height – ranging from dark purple to fading yellow.She was currently using all of her concentration to glare at him. His apartment had finally been sold – for a little more than he’d expected. He’d also sold Natasha’s old place, that she’d been keeping because she was paranoid. He’d put the money from her place into a savings fund for Anna – high interest – which would easily cover her through college and probably beyond if she was careful. His place…Jesus, when did shoe-boxes in New York get so fucking expensive? His parents had bought it back in the day, their first home, and being the freaking baby boomers that they were, they’d kept it as a ‘rental property’ when they’d bought their family home. His sister lived there now, with her kids – and Bucky had been happy with the whole Bachelor pad.Things changed. Now he was sitting in Clint’s – his – apartment, looking at his bank statement.“What the fu-” He shot Anna a glance, yup, still looking unimpressed. “Fudge.” He finished, lamely. He had a car, a nice car, with a baby safe rating and a car seat. He had a job – Clint’s job, Jesus Christ, he’d become a cheap ass imitation of the man –a nice apartment and a kid and he didn’t really need anything that wasn’t more than covered by the money coming in. He was loaded. Not bad for a high school drop out with a couple of tours that read like a check-list of ‘world’s most deadly places’ to his name.Fuck, he missed his friends. “How’s the world’s most adorbs baby doing?” Tony asked, as he set up the DVD player for the movie. Tony had been more of a friend to Tash than to either Clint or Bucky, but with her gone… Bucky didn’t mind his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Clint & Natsha are Dead
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
bucky has a kid
Misunderstandings
Phone Sex
Painter Steve
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

