Work Text:

Peter dropped his hand onto the bed with a sigh, staring morosely up at the ceiling as his still hard cock mocked him. He could feel the frustration building, weeks and months of being unable to release getting to him. With some mortification, he felt tears blurring his sight, his fists clenched hard enough that his bones creaked in protest. 


Many, like Peter, guessed correctly that the spider bite made him more sensitive. And it did, in a lot of ways. The first time he’d tried to masturbate had been great, he’d felt the pleasure build faster than usual, and he could tell it would be an incredible orgasm if he could just push himself over the edge. Instead, right when he reached his peak, his senses got so stretched and sensitive that he would get distracted. 



“..and he said that he wouldn’t give it back! What a shi…” 




The honking of cars in the distance-




The roughness of the fabric pressed against his bare skin-



It was overwhelming, and steadily, Peter felt lost in the sensations outside of his own body, to the point that he couldn’t come no matter how hard he tried. 


“Fuck!” Peter yelled out and flung his hand, startling when his spinnerets shot some webbing with a loud splat onto the wall. He glared at the white webbing. Even his spinnerets had an easier time releasing than he did. This was fucking bullshit. 


The crackle of the police scanner interrupted his agony, and he twisted his heavy, sweat-soaked head to the side as he stared tiredly out the window. It was dark outside, almost 3 am, in fact. The officers were reporting a robbery gone wrong on the other side of town. The robbers were armed with guns and had a hostage as well.


Peter knew he should get up. He had his responsibilities, but in that moment all he knew was that he was pent up and it was starting to affect his control over his body. That wasn’t good, and he knew better than to go out as Spiderman when he wasn’t in tip-top shape but he’d been sexually frustrated for years now, one more day wasn’t going to make much of a difference. 


He sighed. Well, no time like the present. He dreaded shoving his half-hard cock into his protective cup for the super suit but it was probably bad manners to show up to a robbery with a hard cock. 


xxxxxx


The robbery was well underway by the time Spiderman showed up. The hostage was a young woman, one of the workers at the jewelry store, and though she looked terrified, he had to admire the fact that she also looked like she’d gotten quite a few hits in before being captured. The robber holding a gun to her head certainly looked bruised. 


He cocked his head to the side, squinting his eyes when his observation perch on a building across the street from the store was interrupted by an unwanted presence. 


Ugh, Deadpool. 


“The itsy bitsy spider went up the water spout~ Down came the rain and washed the spider out!” The singing voice approached from the side and Spiderman resolutely ignored him. 


“Spidey!” Deadpool squealed and Spiderman gave him a grunt of greeting, as Aunt May had raised him with manners. 


His determination to stay silent was broken by a niggling thought and his inability to shut up when he wanted to banter with someone. If he couldn’t release his frustration the old-fashioned way, he would at least vent some of it on the annoyance that was Deadpool. “It’s not even raining,” he pointed out grumpily. He’d welcome the rain at this point. Anything to cool the simmering heat of sexual frustration he was bathed in.  


“Oh baby,” Deadpool growled, suddenly much closer than comfortable and making the hairs on his arms tingle. “If you shake that ass at me I can make it rain, if you know what I mean.” 


“Hm,” Spiderman’s voice was a bit choked, and he ignored how his senses had honed in on Deadpool’s voice like a shark scenting blood. He was so focused, in fact, that it took him by surprise when he heard a gunshot. His head snapped back to the robbery, grimacing when he saw that the police had decided to open fire, despite the hostage. “Damn it,” he muttered, as he aimed and shot a webbing to the nearest lamppost. “I’m heading in.” 


“Don’t worry, I’ve got your ass sweet cheeks.” 


“Don’t you mean back?” 


“That's what I said!” 


Spiderman sighed. It was going to be a long night.


xxxxxx



Fuck. That hurts like a bitch.



Peter winced as he leaned into Deadpool, letting the ex-mercenary drag him into the nearby alleyway so they could look at the wound. He shouldn’t have made that mistake, but one moment he was flipping around, making fun of one enemy’s aim and the next he’d been blindsided by a mouthwatering scent. 


He had just enough time to turn his head towards the tang of leather, cinnamon, and something earthy and distinctly bloody before he was hit by a bullet in the shoulder. It went straight through him, which was a small miracle. He only had time to hear the robber triumphantly yell out before his head rolled onto the floor, the gun fall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Multiple Orgasms
Size Difference
Size Kink
Breathplay
Daddy Kink
Light Dom/sub
Dom Wade Wilson
Sub Peter Parker
Somnophilia
Consensual Somnophilia
Semi-Public Sex
Anal Sex
alleyway sex
Ass to Mouth
Size Queen Peter Parker
Dirty Talk
slight - Freeform
Humiliation kink
Praise Kink
Safe Sane and Consensual
Peter Parker is a virgin
Virginity Kink
only a little bit though
Biting
Strength Kink
Butt Plugs
Spanking
Blood Kink
they use blood from a wound as lube
on that note
Blood As Lube
Spit As Lube
Overstimulation
Peter has spinnerets in his wrists
those are played with ;)
Very slight pregnancy kink
like a one mention of it
Danger Kink
Loss of Virginity
Rimming
Edging
like literally years worth of pent up sexual frustration
Come Eating
a little bit of
Come Inflation
Leather Kink
more like
Leather gloves kink
Manhandling
Wade bouncing Peter on his cock
Used like a fleshlight
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Brat Peter Parker
Brat Tamer Wade Wilson
basically lol
Begging
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Wade Wilson
Dom/sub Undertones
Spinneret kink
Scent Kink
Anal Fingering
i want that spider-twink Obliterated

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

