Chapter 1: The Child
    




Chapter Text
In the suburban housing of Little Whinging, England an old man with a long white beard held a small infant in his arms.He placed the infant in a basket on the front porch of his only living relatives after the tracks loss of the boys parents.
"Good luck Harry."
After laying the orphaned baby on the step, with a note explaining everything, the aged wizard and his companions disappeared.Unknown to the old wizard the events of that night didn't go unnoticed by a higher authority. A bright sparkling circle appeared just after the others had parted. Out walked a younger goateed man with a red cloak along with another Asian man beside him."We shouldn't be here." His companion insisted."Yes I'm aware of the rule. However a massive magical attack happened and it's our duty to ensure our reality is protected.""Strange, we let these ones deal there own problems.""Yes and how has the worked? How many of the self proclaimed 'Dark Lords' have risen? I understand that these magical individuals are very far behind and full of themselves, but I can't simply ignore what's happening anymore." Strange argued.The sorcerers of his group had and unspoken rule. Do not to involve themselves in the affairs of the 'Hidden Wizards'. It was a solid rule do to the high level of corruption and ego driven individuals that existed in the wizard world.Wong was about to argue but when he looked ahead he saw the basket. "Is that an infant?"The two approached basket and discovered it was indeed an infant."Who leaves a baby on a doorstep?" Strange picked up and read the letter. "Apparently Albus Dumbledore does." He scuffed at the words. "Incredible way to tell someone their sister is dead and to raise their child.""Dumbledore is know for his theatrics, but this is beyond foolish." Wong sighed. "It doesn't appear he even knocked."Dumbledore had a reputation throughout the wizard world and even the sorcerers knew of him. Strange had learned quite a bit about the self proclaimed 'Leader of the Light.' And the more he learned the less he liked. He knew all about Dumbledores history. Including the history Dumbledore wanted buried. From his childhood to his love affair with Grindelwald.Stephen knelt down and gently picked up the sleeping baby. He looking over the infant when the scar in his head grabbed his focus. "Wong do you sense what I do?"Wong looked at the scar a jumped back. "Is that...who would leave such a thing in a child?" "A man who either didn't know or didn't care." Strange said. "Go back to the Sanctum and prepare a safe room for extraction. Then I need you to see what you can learn about this child."Wong nodded. "Normally I'd advise against getting this, but I agree this is unacceptable. What will you be doing?""I'm going to do what a civilized person does. Knock." He handed Harry over to Wong who went through a portal back to the British Sanctum."Who the bloody hell is at the door at this hour?" An overweight man with a long mustache mumbled to himself as he climbed down the stairs. When he pulled open the door, he was puzzled by the man wearing some strange outfit."Mr. Dursley? Is your wife available?" "Do you have any bloody idea what time it is?! Who are you and what do you want with us?" "Mr. Dursley. I'm afraid this concerns your wife and her sister.""Sister! Wait are you one of those!? Get out of here and take your unnatural with you!" He went to slam the door but it didn't move."Mr. Dursley we can have a calm civil discussion or you can yell and wake the whole neighborhood up and have them see. Your choice." "Vernon what's going on? Who is it?" A tall skinny woman asked as she came down the stairs. One look at the man at the door and she could tell he didn't belong in her neighborhood. "Who are you?" She feared she already knew."Mrs. Dursley. My name is Dr. Stephen Strange and I have news concerning your sister and nephew." Strange answered."So it true, you're one of them!" "Do you really want to have this conversation on your front porch?" Petunia didn't want him in but didn't want to wake the neighbors either."Fine come in and make it quick." She motioned for Vernon to let the man pass.Strange came in and the door shut behind him.  "Lovely house." He noted. "I'm afraid I have some sad news to report to you. Your sister and her husband were killed this evening. You have my condolences."Petunia did show surprise and maybe a hit of sadness but it disappeared fast. "How?" "She was murdered by a man driven by darkness. With her husband they had been fighting to stop his group from taking over all of Britain." Strange answered. "Your nephew survived and was placed on your doorstep.""What?! We don't want that freak anywhere near here!" Vernon bellowed his face turning red."He's your nephew." Strange narrowed his eyes."Thats not our concern." Petunia raised her nose. "We don't want anything to do with him or your kind.""Then why did Dumbledore place him here?" "How would I know?" She sneer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hermione Granger/Harry Potter
Sirius Black & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Stephen Strange
James Potter/Lily Evans Potter
Sirius Black/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Hermione Granger & Neville Longbottom & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Wanda Maximoff & Harry Potter
Sirius Black & Remus Lupin & Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Severus Snape Bashing
Ministry of Magic (Harry Potter)
Manipulative Albus Dumbledore
Severus Snape Being a Bastard
BAMF Harry Potter
Smart Harry
Magically Powerful Harry Potter
Mentor Stephen Strange
Sirius Black & James Potter Friendship
Werewolf Remus Lupin
BAMF Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange & Wong Friendship
Alternate Universe - Harry Potter Setting
Hermione Granger & Harry Potter Friendship
Protective Stephen Strange
Wong is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Scarlet Wizard
Protective Natasha Romanov
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Awesome Wanda Maximoff
Telepathic Wanda Maximoff
Remus Lupin & Lily Evans Potter Friendship
Good Parent Sirius Black
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Neville Longbottom & Harry Potter Friendship

fandom: 
Hermione Granger/Harry Potter
Sirius Black & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Stephen Strange
James Potter/Lily Evans Potter
Sirius Black/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Hermione Granger & Neville Longbottom & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Wanda Maximoff & Harry Potter
Sirius Black & Remus Lupin & Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Wanda Maximoff

