Chapter 1: First memory
    


Notes:
Soulmate AUFandom: Marvel / Thor / AvengersDisclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction, where I use characters from the Harry Potter world (by J.K. Rowling) and from the MCU (own by Marvel studios)Pairing: Loki/ Harry Warnings: Harry has another name  50% of the time, Past-memory revival, and more, see tags,M/M. This will be slash, as you can see in the pairings, and in the summary, if you don’t like it, don’t read it. And I really don’t care why you don’t like it so spare me the pleasure of that kind of comment, capish?. ( But if you  -like me-  enjoy this then by all means, continue and I would love to hear what you think of it ;) )AND it's going to be a while for the Avengers arc to begin, so no Harry/ Loki yet in that matter. buuuuuttt there will be plenty of past Harry/Loki, smut, lemon, and fun, but also angst and Death.




Chapter Text

~`*´~ 
A green and radiating meadow filled the view right in front of him as the dusk started to creep closer. All around him, there were wildflowers in thousands, and they all looked like they greeted him, almost like they were virtually bowing before him in a non-existence wind.  He could feel the sensation of wild energy not far from him, and then he suddenly started to hear the waterfall as he strolled closer to it. He could soon smell it in the air as a fresh, clean sensation washed over him, and he smiled. There not far from the small waterfall, was the most beautiful pound he ever had laid eyes on, the water lily was in full bloom, and the willow bedside the shore dipped its long branches in the water and created a veil around the massive trunk. Fireflies had even started to wake up and was flying sleepy close to the ground, and the whole view created an almost full vision of a fairy tale. There were many beautiful flowers in different radiant colors that adored every bare spot between the trees that surrounded the meadow, and a small rabbit was searching for roots in the sea of the flower. The boy, maybe around ten or eleven summers old, walked along the rippling stream of crystal clear water and looked down at the stones in the river as he walked along. He was small for his age; his jet black hair had a blue-green hue in it when the last rays of the sun were illuminating him.  In honor of the day, he had decided to make his adventure a little bit further out than he usually did in the realm. He had tied his hair in a high ponytail, but despite the high prison, his hair hung stubbornly down over his shoulders in uncontrolled tassels. He was wearing a white tunic with black trousers. The dark green boots went to his knees in a protective gesture, and around his middle hung a belt with a short sword and a bag of the most necessary things he could think of using.  The small boy stiffened as his body started to feel strange, for lack of better word. He looked around as he began to follow the peculiar sensation. He was here for a reason. But why he had chosen to go this way, he didn't exactly know. It was like a gnawing feeling was feasting within him, telling him to follow this feeling, that this was something he could not reject.   It was not only that sensation that had caught the young seeker's attention. There was something in the air, something bitter and sour, and it felt wrong. It was the smell of something that was waiting for death and yet not. He had always had it easy to feel death; maybe it was only natural for him to feel it. The realm of the dead was considering him as one of them that could represent the god of death, as one of his choose ones and heir. But he had yet taken the test, right now he was only a candidate for that title and hadn't inherited anything. It was like death waited for something or someone to start the trail, but he had no idea of who.    Whatever it was that called upon him, he was not afraid of the feeling of death. Death was one of the most natural things that could happen to them and something that no one could avoid. And he felt safe in the thought that when death would come for him, he would welcome it like a dear old friend, but perhaps not yet, he still had a long life in front of him. What he indeed was afraid of was when someone took the choice away from him, not to be able to choose for himself. He hates when someone even took a choice from him, how small it was, he decided over his own life, and what he did with it, good and bad things included.   But what if the day came when someone took the choice from him? when the only resort would be death no matter what he did.  The young boy shook his head to dispel the dark thoughts that were whispering in his ear. He felt his throat tighten, and he had a hard time getting air at the terrible idea. He took a deep breath to gather himself and closed his viridian colored eyes; he let the magic flow out of him in soft waves. He was searching for whoever required help. But where was it?  He opened his eyes again as he scanned the forest and f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Dreams vs. Reality
Pre-War
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Protective Harry
Anal Sex
Wedding Night
First Kiss
Light Bondage
Light Dom/sub
Master of Death Harry Potter
Memories of Past Life
Asgard (Marvel)
Marriage
in another life
Love at First Sight
First Love
Explicit Sexual Content
Mutual Pining
Thor (Marvel) Being an Idiot
Fae Harry Potter
Prince Loki (Marvel)
Wedding Fluff
Sex
Fae Magic
Character Death
Death
thanos - Freeform
Betrayal
magic bonding
Soul Bond
Harry remembers past life
Slightly changes appearance
Angst
Duelling
Battle of New York (Marvel)
Psychological Torture
Mind Control
Forgotten Memories
POV Harry Potter
BAMF Harry Potter
broken loki
Shapeshifting

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

