Chapter 1: Prologue: Snippets of Time
    


Notes:
Hi! If you've read this story before and are coming back to the beginning, I have changed a few things. I realized that I wanted this story to be in present tense, not past tense, so I've gone through and changed that completely. I have also added some things here and there throughout the story. Please enjoy! :)




Chapter Text
Tony Stark isn't afraid of much, even less now that he has is Iron suit. First and foremost, he's afraid of ending up like his father. At present there is very little between himself and that fear becoming a reality, but he's pushed that thought down…because of course, that’s what his father would have done. Second , he is consistently a little but afraid of Pepper and Rhodey. That fear didn’t stop him from going on national television to announce to the world that he is in fact Iron Man though. Their reaction to his “completely irresponsible stunt” has been a little terrifying, but they’d cool off eventually. Third and most embarrassingly, he is and always will be afraid of his little sister. His much, much littler sister.This fear, makes standing at her apartment door, trying to bring himself to knock, all the more difficult. He chuckles and shakes his head, he is Tony Stark, the Iron Man for fuck’s sake. He isn't going to let some short, brown-haired miscreant scare him. The back of his knuckles rap lightly on her door. He waits, hearing a distinct “shit” and the clatter of bottles crashing to the ground. Her short stature isn't the only thing she’s acquired from Tony.The door swings open and all of a sudden, he's looking into her father’s grey eyes. Her dark hair, same color as Tony’s, is bundled into a messy knot atop her head. The only thing about her that even remotely resembles their mother, is her soft mouth. When she smiled, Tony could so clearly see Maria in her. Unfortunately, she rarely smiles anymore. Maybe it's his fault...he pretends it isn't.“Oh look, it’s Iron Man,” his sister says sarcastically. She turns away from him and collapses back onto her sofa.Tony steps cautiously through the door. Her apartment stinks of booze and cigarette smoke. He purses his lips at her, hating that she's acquired some of his more...detrimental habits. She looks like she hasn’t showered in days, the brown flannel she has over her white tank top has a stain on the front. At a whopping twenty years old, Tony has to hope that she’ll pull out of this, hopefully not exactly in the same ways that he has.“Really Pen?” he asks, raising an eyebrow at the empty beer bottles on the table. “You aren’t even old enough to buy booze yet.”“’Kay well I will be in two months,” she says, looking at her phone instead of him, “and you can’t come in here and lecture me every six months on my drinking habits. It doesn’t work like that.”He knows it doesn't work like that, but since their parents’ death, they avoided each other like the plague. A seventeen-year-old Tony has hardly knows what to do with a seven-year-old sister. Not surprisingly they drifted pretty quickly. He partied at MIT while she grew up basically alone, save for the various nannies and robots Tony has left her with. He regrets it now, but doesn't have much to change it with.“I thought I told you to stop smoking these things,” Tony says, pointing to an ashtray that is littered with cigarette buds.“You did,” she nods, “I ignored you.”“What else is new?”“I can think of a few things.”She’s sitting up now, mostly to glare at him. Admittedly, he probably should have called her once he’d been rescued from Afghanistan, but he’d been just a tad bit pre-occupied. He is here now though, and that has to account for something right?“Come on Penelope,” Tony says, “I’m doing my best here.”“Don’t call me that,” she sighs, scratching her forehead in frustration.“Fine, I won’t,” he says. He crosses his finger over his heart. She narrows her eyes at him, it’s a lie, they both know it. She stands again, moving towards him.“The fuck is this,” she says, jabbing his arc-reactor.“Ooh boy,” he says, “we have a lot to catch up on.”“Tony, I thought you were dead for months. You didn’t even bother letting me know when you came back, I had to hear from Rhodey and Pep,” she says, glaring up at him furiously. “And now you’re what…flying around in a tin suit saving the world? I don’t have time for this…I have class in an hour.”“Glad you’re still going,” Tony mumbles. He had ignored her rant entirely; he’s already heard it from Rhodey and Pepper about not going to see her upon his triumphant return. Frankly, he doesn’t need to hear it from her either, he doesn’t need to tell her that he’s messed up and to get ready, because he is probably going to do it again. “You are going to shower for that right?”“Okay, so much fun seeing you, thanks for checking in,” she says bitingly.“Before I go,” Tony says stopping in her doorway, “turns out Obie is uh…not really on our side this entire time. Guess Dad put his trust in the wrong 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Bucky Barnes & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark has a sister
Avengers Family
Domestic Avengers
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Fluff and Angst
Avengers Compound
Eventual Romance
Eventual Relationships
Love/Hate
Friends to Lovers
Friends With Benefits

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

