Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He was so sick of war.
Steve swung his shield around, and it had been too long, far too long since it had been in his hand, but it still felt right.  It felt like an extension of his arm, of his body, and he was well trained with the sword, even skilled.  But it never felt right, not the way that the shield had.
Fighting with his shield again made him think that he might be able to win this damn war.
The last of the shadow beasts charged him, and before he could even bring the shield up, the light flicked through the murky depths of the forest, carrying a smell like air burning in the wake of a bolt of lightning.  The beast went down, and Steve turned, knowing who it would be before he could even spot the figure emerging from the deep shadows.
It had been nearly a month since he'd last seen the phantom that haunted his steps.
The armor was the color of blood, perfect and unmarred.  When the moonlight hit the metal, it rolled across the surface like a lick of flames.  It was trimmed in gold, thin, delicate lines that marked every seam, every curve, and matched the gleaming, flat faced helmet.  
Now, that empty face turned in Steve's direction.  “Are you all right, your majesty?”  The voice was muffled, and it echoed in an eerie way from behind the metal.
Steve rolled his shoulders, slipping the shield over his shoulder and onto his back.  “Yes,” he said, the word tense. “You?”
There was no response.  The knight turned, one hand coming up, above his head.  A light curled in the center of his palm, a soft white glow that filled the shadows around them.  “You should take more care with your health.  Your people need you.”
Steve resisted the urge to say something unpleasant.  “Why?” he said, already moving through the dense woods.  “They have you.  Always appearing out of nowhere to save the day.”  He sounded bitter, and he didn't care.  He'd chased the fighter, at first, before he'd come to realize it was a fool's errand.  He'd spent enough time chasing ghosts in his life.
He's learned to just take the assistance the man offered, when it came.  Which was never often enough.  Steve was fighting a war, and he needed all the help he could get, even from a knight who came and went without warning.
“I am not what they need.”  Despite the man's size, despite the heavy plates of his armor, he moved silently.  Steve, in a heavy scale mail shirt painted a rich blue, felt awkward and oversized next to him.  They were almost the same height, but the Iron Man moved easily, with no strain or obvious effort.  “You have your shield again.”
Steve's hand came up, against his will, snagging on the strap, reassuring himself that it was there again.  “Yes,” he said.  “A friend fixed it.”
“I'm glad.  Some things shouldn't be allowed to remain broken.”
Steve turned on him, his sword coming up, slicing through the air.  The blade stilled, a bare inch from the side of the knight's neck.  “Who are you?”
The Iron Man didn't flinch, didn't even move.  Those empty, fathomless black slits in his helmet were impossible to see into.  Steve wondered if there were eyes behind that helmet, or if the knight was in truth just a ghost, armor that had risen when its occupant fell, full of a need for vengeance or justice or both.
The Iron Man's head tipped forward. “I am the one who will protect you.  No matter what the cost.”
The sword fell away and Steve took a step back.  “I do not seek your protection.”  He turned on his heel.  “I do not have any need of a knight who hides his identity between a mask.  Especially not one that appears only when it is convenient for him.”
“Your majesty.”
He told himself not to turn back, not to look.  But there was something compelling in that voice, something both familiar and alien.  Something that he wanted to identify, but couldn't manage.  Something that haunted him.  He turned, hating himself for it.
The Iron Man was still standing there, in a pool of light of his own making.  “I will always come, when you need me.”
“Then stay,” Steve snapped out.  “Stay and fight with us.”
The knight's head tipped to the side.  “If I did that,” he replied, a note like laughter rolling through the words, “who would protect you from yourself?”
He flicked his hand up, and the light flared, streaking up towards the sky.  “There,” he said.  “Your men will be along, soon enough.”
Steve's teeth locked together.  “One of these days, I'll have you clapped in chains.”
“I do not doubt it.  But until then, I remain your most loyal servant.”  The knight sketched a low bow, and straightened up, the light around him disappearing as he closed his hand into a fist.  The darkness of the forest swallowed him in an instant, and he was gone.  Steve, caught in a pool of moonlight, took a step forward, but he knew it was useless.  
The Iron Man appeared when he needed him.  But it was never for quite long enough.  As soon as the crisis had passed, as soon as the tide had turned in the battle, the knight would simply dis
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sword and Sorcery AU
Pining
Angst
Happy Ending
Canon Divergence
Lots of negotiations and dancing
A surprising amount of dancing

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

