Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Steve didn’t know why he was here, sitting in a coffee shop close to his apartment during rush-hour. He’d rather stay home where the coffee tasted so much better because Steve had spent weeks figuring out how to brew the perfect cup. He loved his apartment, it was so much quieter than the busy streets of New York. But Nat, his best and only friend, had insisted on meeting him here, so Steve had given in. 
Everyone around him was staring at their phones while Steve had nothing else to do than watch them. Thankfully, he didn’t have to wait long for Nat. 
“Steve.” She fought her way through the crowd that was waiting for overpriced drinks and greeted him with a hug, the usual smile on her face. Steve realized with relief that she carried two large cups of coffee. He needed caffeine to stand the hustle. 
“Nat, how are you?”
A small frown showed him something was up. She was no patient person. If she had something to tell him, she would outright say it. It was one of the things Steve loved about her. 
“I need your help.” Well, that rarely happens, but there was little he wouldn’t do for her. 
Nat fell on the chair across the table and took a sip of her coffee. Her body suggested she was calm, but the rhythmical tap of her thumb against the cup revealed the truth. Steve shifted uncomfortably. He would probably not like what she had to say.
“So, you know Barnes?”
Steve gave her a confused look. “Bucky Barnes? One of your best friends? The one you’re constantly talking about?”
“Hey,” she complained, but Steve could see the corner of her mouth twitching. “I’m sorry I’m always talking about him. He introduced me to Clint, don’t you remember?”
Oh, yes, he did. Clint was Nat’s Omega, a spitfire with a heart-warming smile. He was thin and beautiful, everything an Omega should be, with a temper that matched Nat’s own. Steve was jealous. Not of Clint’s Alpha, god, no. He could never be in a relationship with Nat, even though he was an Omega himself. 
Steve preferred his Alpha masculine and caring, someone who only wanted the best for his Omega, even if that meant not listening to his rare tantrums. Nat needed someone to look after, someone who would act out, so she could remind him who he belonged to. Someone like Clint. Steve was just too nice.
Still, he was jealous of Clint because he looked like everything Steve would never be. Delicate, thin, beautiful, and not like a mountain of muscles. People often mistook Steve as an Alpha, and when they found out, they started to whisper. “Is he really an Omega?” “What happened to him?” “Isn’t he supposed to look small?” 
Yes, Steve was supposed to look small. Back then, in the 40s, before Dr. Erskine gave him the goddamn serum. It had made him healthy, but as a result, he looked like an Alpha, something Steve just had to deal with. But dealing got harder and harder the longer he sat alone at home, indulging himself in memories of the past. 
He had never been so relieved before that he hid his face as Captain America than on the day he had woken up in the future. Steve didn’t want anyone to know that their mighty hero was an Omega trapped in the body of an Alpha. Everything he had ever wanted was to find a mate, someone who would take care of him. But there was no way he would find an Alpha willing to deal with how he looked. 
“Steve, are you still listening?” Nat didn’t sound irritated and that was another trait Steve loved about her. She accepted that his mind wandered off sometimes.
“I’m sorry.” He really was.
“So Bucky, he’s a photographer for ‘Alpha’s Health’.” Steve nodded, she had mentioned that before. “And there’s this one model, a real bitch-”
“Nat!” Steve turned his head, hoping no one had heard them. He still wasn’t used to the casual way people flirted and cursed in public. Back then, everyone had been a lot more polite. 
She only smirked at him. “Anyway, tomorrow is a photoshoot and Barnes needs another model. Desperately. And I suggested you.”
“Me?” He stared at her appalled. “Is that a joke?”
Nat, calm and collected as always, only took a sip of her coffee, looking at him unimpressed. “He needed a model, I suggested a model.”
Steve snorted. He was no model. He was too big, too broad, too much Alpha for an Omega. No one wanted to take pictures of him in lingerie. Unless… Yes, they would certainly need him for an Alpha shooting. A tall guy who displayed strength. Steve could do that. Steve would do that for Nat.
“Ok.”
“Ok?” She looked at him irritated. “No argument, no ‘buts’, nothing?”
Steve gave her one of his most earnest smiles. Nat was one of his best friends. He would do much more for her than posing three hours in front of a camera, trying to look as dominant as possible. No one would smell him through a photo, no one would even know he was an Omega, aside from the people at the set.
“Nat, I would do almost anything for you.” 
He just hoped that he wouldn’t regret it. 
 
~*~
 
One day later, Steve stood in front of a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Light Dom/sub
Photography
Photographer Bucky Barnes
Dominant Bucky Barnes
Submissive Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Insecure Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Lingerie
Pet Names
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Smut
Steve needs dick
Steve is cockblocking himself
Model Steve Rogers
Anal Fingering
Humiliation
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Anal Fisting
hate comments
Rimming
Daddy Kink
but just to tease
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

