Chapter 1: Where am I
    




Chapter Text
"Where am I?" The little girl whispered, wrapping her thin arms around herself as she shivered in the bitter wind. The tall old man looked down at her, feeling a slight stirring of pity. After all, she was just a child. Then he shut it off. There was no room for pity if he was to defeat Voldemort. She would just be in the way. He honestly didn't know how James and Lily could have managed for so long with a child other than the Boy-Who-Lived. Thank goodness that they had finally come to their senses. He smiled benignly at her, deciding that if she was going to die, she may as well have a happy memory."Well, in a few minutes, your parents are going to come and pick you up for a fun day out with just you and them Holly. That sounds nice doesn't it? But it might take a while, as they have to arrange for someone to look after your brother. Tell you what, while you wait, why don't you have a little nap?" She blinked her huge green eyes up at him, swaying slightly and then nodded, curling up in a corner. He sighed and Apparated out. For the Greater Good. That was why all this was happening. But sometimes, it was very hard.*****************Sometimes, it is a miracle to realise how close you were to not meeting that person or making that choice and never know it. In this case, if Natasha Romanov had been a little less tired, she would have gone straight past the alley to the nearest SHIELD base. But she was tired and wounded, and needed to sit, even if just for a few minutes. So, she entered the alley and collapsed down in a corner. Just as she was ready to move on, she heard a sniffle and whirled. Facing her was a tiny girl, with soulful green eyes and wavy red hair cut short. She was wearing robes, so was likely a magical child. Forcing herself to relax so as not to frighten the kid she smiled. "Hey, little one. Where are your parents?" Huge green eyes welled with tears and she cursed inwardly."I don't know." The small child whispered. "P'ofesso Dumbadoow took me hew and said to wait for them here. They never really liked me, but he said they were going to spend all day with me.  And they nevew came, and now I'm weally cold." Natasha's heart twisted, here was another little girl abandoned to the vagaries of the world, with no one to care whether she lived or died. Perhaps if the child had looked less like her, she would have dropped her off at the nearest foster home. But the red hair, cut so like her own and the green eyes a few shades brighter than hers, made the child seem like a second chance for her. In a split second, she made her decision."Why don't you come with me and we'll see what is happening?" ****************"You have got to be kidding me. You can't keep her agent, especially not with who her parents are." Nick Fury's jaw was set obstinately as he gestured towards the screen. There was the file on the girl, picture and name matching what they went by for her. Holly Rose Potter, the rarely-seen daughter of James and Lily Potter and twin to the Boy-Who-Lived. To be quite honest, everyone outside of Wizarding Britain was tiring of the Potter's behaviour. They paraded their son around like he was God's gift to the world and their daughter hardly got a mention. She had been in about 3 articles on them, and only one of the seven biographies even mentioned her at all. He didn't really want to make Natasha send her away, but he definitely needed to check that she was in earnest. The spy drew herself up proudly."If you want me to stay in your damn agency Director Fury, you had better let little Holly stay. That is a promise." She swept out of the room and Fury shook his head."Well, I'll be damned." He grabbed the phone and dialled a number. "MACUSA child-care department? Yes, this is Director Fury of SHIELD. One of my agents found a lost magical child and is looking to adopt her. What? No, this is not a prank call. Look, do I sound to be in a gaming mood? Put the head of the department on the line now." The things he did for that agent.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Avengers Team & Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Jade Black (eventually)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
SHIELD & Original Female Character(s)
Sirius Black/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

freeform: 
James Potter & Lily Evans Potter Live
James Potter Bashing
Lily Evans Potter Bashing
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Harry Potter Bashing
Harry Potter Has a Twin
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
Avengers Family
Protective Natasha Romanov
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Feels
Sirius Black Lives
Protective Sirius Black
Protective Avengers
Light Angst
Mother-Daughter Relationship
Father-Daughter Relationship
Families of Choice
Developing Relationship
Falling In Love
Parent Sirius Black
Parent Natasha Romanov
Male-Female Friendship
Female Friendship
Family Fluff
Family Bonding
Team as Family
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
Avengers Team & Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Jade Black (eventually)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
SHIELD & Original Female Character(s)
Sirius Black/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

