Chapter 1: Alien ship
    




Chapter Text

“We may stumble and fall but shall rise again; it should be enough if we did not run away from the battle.”


Mahatma Ghandi

 
“Sir, the RECON12 satellite has picked something up. It appears to be a small ship and it seems to be headed for Earth,” Jarvis announced.
The RECON12 was the satellite Tony had designed to monitor possible alien space crafts. It had been fitted with the best scanning technology the world had to offer, and it was meant to be an early warning for a new invasion. And it looked like it had done its job. Tony’s mind immediately started thinking about possible threats and what could be done about it. “Alert the Accords Panel and call an emergency meeting.”
“Already done. You and the rest of the Avengers should receive an official summons shortly.”
At times like this, Tony was really glad he had Jarvis back. Not only because Jarvis was his friend (his son), but because he knew exactly what needed to be done and took the initiative to do it as soon as it was necessary. Thus Tony didn’t have to worry about every little detail.
“What do you think, J?” The appearance of an alien ship could mean anything, from good to bad, to anything in between.
“I do not believe it is Thanos. From what we know of him, he would probably make more of a splash. It could, however, be a scout.”
“Yeah.” Or it could be something completely unrelated to the Mad Titan. There were, after all, a lot of people out there in the universe, and any one of them might stumble into Earth for perfectly innocent (or not) reasons.
A little over an hour later, all Avengers assembled in the conference room at the Compound. It was easier to access the satellite feed (and whatever other tech they might need) from here than the UN building, where Accords meetings usually took place. Thirty-two members of the Accords Panel were in attendance through virtual means. It wasn’t the ideal number, but it was a Sunday afternoon and people had lives. It would be enough for a preliminary discussion. No doubt they would need to continue monitoring the situation and debate their course of action further as new information became available.
“What do we know?” Councilman Dan Wu asked, getting the meeting started. He was the current Chairman, as per the rotation agreement, having taken over from Angela Farnelli just a month ago.
Jarvis was the first to answer. “Approximately 82 minutes ago, our satellites detected a small spacecraft. Based on its trajectory, it appears to be headed for Earth. At its current speed, I estimate 68 hours before it reaches our atmosphere.”
“Do we know how many people are in the ship?” Councilwoman Salvic, the Hungarian representative, inquired with a worried frown.
“No,” Jarvis replied. “Our current sensors are not able to determine that. However, we have an estimate of the ship’s size. Considering a humanoid body size, I estimate 10 individuals to be the maximum number of passengers able to fit in the ship, though it is probably less. Unless, of course, we are speaking about a completely different form of alien life.”
“Weapons?”
“Unknown, though the energy output we can read would suggest that it is certainly possible.”
“Should we try to establish contact?”
Tony didn’t catch who asked the question, but it was probably in everyone’s mind.
“I’m not sure that would be a good idea. It might be better if they don’t know that we know about them,” Rhodey said. “Jarvis, do they know they’ve been detected?”
“Impossible to say, Colonel. They have made no change to their trajectory in the time we’ve been tracking them and have shown no signs of aggression. They have not, however, attempted to establish contact either.”
“Considering what the universe thinks of us – namely, that we’re a primitive planet –, that’s not surprising,” Bruce commented.
Councilman Weber from Germany leaned forward in his seat. “Is the ship damaged? Maybe they didn’t mean to come here exactly.”
“There is no indication of malfunction that we can detect,” Jarvis answered.
“Do we have a visual on it?”
In response, an image appeared on the screen, magnified as much as possible. There was nothing particularly remarkable about the ship, no markings that would indicate affiliation with anything. It was mostly gray and black, with some dark brown patches in places. No obvious guns or weapons in it, though of course those could be (and likely were) hidden behind panels. What Tony assumed to be the windscreen was opaque, obscuring the view of the interior. Overall, the design was fairly standard as far as what one would expect for an alien ship.
“Loki? Thor? Do you recognize it?” Wu asked as everyone examined the craft.
“No,” Thor replied.
Loki shook his head. “Many races outside the Nine have ships capable of space travel, but since Asgard does not interact with them much, I cannot tell which one might have built this one.”
“Are those races friendly or unfriendly?” Salvic asked.
Loki shrugged. “I do not know. There are wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Sokovia Accords
AU
Sentient Infinity Stones (Marvel)
Sort Of
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

