Work Text:
Thor’s breath is muggy against the back of his neck, fanning the hair that clings feebly to his damp skin. Loki can’t think beyond the feeling of Thor inside him, sliding in and out, the pain flaring up his spine and around to his stomach where Thor presses one heated palm. He keeps his own breathing even and controlled, silently forbidding any hint of his discomfort to slip through his carefully collected façade.“Loki,” Thor murmurs, lips grazing his skin as his hips falter, movements turning sharp and ragged before he finally stills, hips flush against Loki’s buttocks. Loki doesn’t attempt to pull out of the grasp, letting Thor remain inside him, his body relaxing minutely with the knowledge that the act is over for another night. Thor finally drags himself away, the slide out rough and uncomfortable, mouth wet against Loki’s shoulder as he whispers quietly.“Perhaps this time,” he says and Loki shuts his eyes, hoping that he’s right, if only to put an end to the nights he spends using his magic to heal himself, cleaning his body of the stickiness Thor leaves between his legs.Thor falls exhausted to the side, Loki eventually rolling off his knees, swinging his legs over the side of the bed to stand and make his way into the adjoining washroom. There’s blood once more from not being prepared well enough as he swipes his fingertips across where he’s sore and aching, but he knows it’s the least of his problems as he stands in front of his reflection, running one hand over his disappointingly flat belly. He’s heard people talking, knows what they say about him with their voices hushed at his back as he passes them; they believe him to be using his magic to prevent himself from becoming with child, stopping himself from giving Thor a true heir.As much as he wants to, he knows he cannot risk doing so, the brittle ties between himself and Odin, who expressly made clear that he has been spared precisely to bear his son’s children, too weak to attempt anything of the sort. Despite how much it pains him, his need to keep his magic prevails over his want of happiness, locking him into a life he hates, but endures in the hope of an ending. If he can produce an heir, perhaps Odin will finally release him from their bargain.He mutters a quick spell, soothing his pain and cleansing his skin of sweat and seed, before blinking himself away, transporting his body back to his own rooms, where cool sheets await his fevered skin with a silky welcome. He slips between them, snapping the lit torches to extinguish themselves with trembling fingers, and rolling onto his side. This is how his life goes now. The regretful, but inevitable taming of Loki; no longer a maker of mischief, but the fool of Asgard and all the Nine Realms.*The days Loki hates most of all are the ones preceding and following fights. Not between the two of them, but when Thor disappears for an entire week hunting down a beast or creature that imposes some sort of danger upon Asgard. Loki never knows the finer details – no one ever tells him – but he hears it later, like everything else, when he traverses the palace gardens or disguises himself and walks through the markets.It always puts the red in Thor’s blood, giving him strength that not even Loki would ever want to go against, and an unquenchable thirst for passion. Loki usually finds himself being taken against a wall or while strewn across a table laden with half-eaten meats and half-drunken spirits.On this particular morning when Thor returns, the sun barely starting to peek above the horizon, Loki is awoken by the tug of sheets down his body, the cold unable to seep under his skin as Thor quickly covers him with his equally bare form. Caught off guard, heart racing with panic, Loki spreads his legs hurriedly, feet winding and locking behind Thor’s back as though they belong there, assuming the position he knows Thor wants him in.Thor’s fingers are slick and quick in preparing him, though his body is still loose and relaxed from sleep, barely awake when Thor slides into him, breathing heavy relief against his throat.“Loki,” he sighs, hips unrelenting as he thrusts into him, the build-up of desire clear in his movements.Loki’s cock rubs uncomfortably between them, the want and need that Thor seems to hold foreign to Loki and his body. Thor smells of sweat and dried blood and Loki, despite everything, still traces Thor with his magic, checking for wounds of Thor’s own; there are only a few minor cuts and it’s with gentle, surreptitious fingertips that he heals them before Thor can realise and stop him. He apparently doesn’t notice, too caught up in his pleasure, but Loki thinks it for the best; his magic has been the subject of much fighting before and he doesn’t need it to be again.Thor is rough, hips slamming forward, arms braced either side of Loki’s head, making him feel trapped by his enormous muscles, but he shuts his eyes and lets Thor bite bruises onto his skin. His moans are muffled by 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki

freeform: 
Mpreg
Abuse
Dubious Consent
Forced Relationship
Hurt/Comfort
Pseudo-Incest
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rape/Non-con Elements

fandom: 
Thor/Loki

