Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Rogers household is always an experience, particularly early in the morning. Its four occupants - three related, two of the tender age of four, one a beaming father, and one beyond frustrated - are never peaceful for long. This Friday morning, like every other before it for the past 4.9 years, and likely every one to come, begins the same as always.Lydia and Charlotte, as a rule, do not ascribe to ridiculous notions like ‘waking with the sun’ or even ‘waking at a decent human time’. They always beat Steve’s alarm at screaming him into wakefulness, and though he hates the abrupt wake up call, he has to admit he loves spending time with the girls. Even when their current nanny, Josie, is leaning against the door frame and scowling at the three of them in their obnoxiously loud cuddle pile, Steve’s mood will not be dampened.Slowly, sleepily, he kisses both girls and worms himself free of their iron grasps. “Daddy has to get ready for work, girls,” Steve says, and ignores their complaints (or tries to, at least, but his heart breaks a little every day - it’s a sound he’ll never get used to). They roll around in his bed, fussing about his departure and absorbing the residual warmth, and Steve smiles encouragingly at Josie as he sneaks out the door with his suit in one hand.Within half an hour Steve is showered and caffeinated and well on his way to being fed. He kisses Lydia and Charlotte goodbye and waves to Josie, who doesn’t even acknowledge the gesture. Steve can’t bring himself to care about that - no nanny is ever impressed to be lumped with his children for days on end. The only thing that keeps them around is the ludicrously high pay, Steve knows this. It’s just that he doesn’t have another choice - around his gruelling hours and status as a single parent, there’s not much else he can do.Besides, she could at least try to look enthused. She has full health benefits, an obscene stipend, and full access to his apartment 24-hours a day. The only downside, apparently, is having to take care of Lydia and Charlotte. They’re the apples of Steve’s eyes - they can do no wrong, even when they’re laying glue all over the ten thousand dollar couch Tony got him as a housewarming gift and liberally applying sequins to it. Nannies, however, can and do find wrong with them. They’re too loud, they’re too full of energy, they keep tearing apart my clothes for craft activities…Whatever.That’s a problem for another time. Josie’s got them until tonight and then she has a blessed night off as Aunty Peggy (we don’t say mother, despite her uterus being their origin) flies into town for one of her whirlwind visits. She takes the girls to some dumb fancy (even by Steve’s standards) hotel, books out the best room, gets room service and books manicures and pedicures and gives them obscenely expensive gifts and then flies out again. It’s a day every month that she aims for but, depending on work (we don’t ask about that, either), it can blow out to as far as three months between visits or be as frequent as every fortnight.So there it is - a night off, a night of freedom. Steve has approximately zero plans outside of sitting rugged up on the couch (sequins and all) and watching some stupid action movie on Netflix. As much as Lydia and Charlotte are Steve’s world, it is nice to have a break every now and then.Steve stops into the little bakery at the bottom of their building and picks up his usual, a bagel so everything’d that parts of it inevitably fall into the bottom of the bag and form some sort of secondary pastry. It’s only a two block walk to Stark Tower, and Steve attempts to eat his bagel on the way without it becoming a disaster. He fails, as he does every other day, but the fact that he’s trying should count for something.The sun’s finally up but it's no less freezing when Steve scans his employee identification card at the elevator and steps inside, heading to one of the floors that Tony has somewhat unnecessarily made exclusive to specific people only. Steve can’t fathom why, because Tony only takes important and potentially private business meetings in his home lab, but Steve’s gotten to the point where questioning Tony Stark on his motives isn’t even worth it.“Speak of the devil,” Steve says, as he picks up a chunk of cream cheese from the bottom of the bag, now coated in the delicious crumbs that were lost along the way. He pops it into his mouth, holding the bag beneath his jaw to try and save the floor from damage.“You were thinking of me?” Tony asks and moves to sprawl across Steve’s chair in a way that he maybe thinks is sexy. Steve remains unimpressed as he ducks around Tony and puts his bag on the ground. “Mind out of the gutter when you’re at work, please, Rogers.”“I’m not the one who needs that memo,” Steve fires back, leaning against his desk and waiting for Tony to say whatever it is he’s come to say. When he remains silently sitting there, looking awfully judgemental, Steve pro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Children
Kid Fic
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-War Bucky Barnes
but with that sweet TWS hairdo
mention of sex worker Bucky Barnes
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Sugar Daddy Steve Rogers
rich people bullshit
Mistaken Identity
excessive flirting
No Angst
First Time
First Kiss
Public Sex
Rimming
Butt Plugs
Sugar Baby Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

