Work Text:
 When Tony Stark doesn’t appear in his labs for his scheduled Friday tinkering, Peter is admittedly a little worried. The first thought his overactive imagination offers is that Tony had been kidnapped. That Tony is possibly lying in a ditch somewhere, all alone, broken and bruised and just waiting for Peter to find him. When logic finally gains control of his thoughts, Peter feels himself blush and remembered that Tony is more than capable of taking care of himself and that he’s most likely in a meeting. Like a good enhanced intern, Peter waits. He spends the time finishing off his homework so that he has the whole weekend free to be Spider-Man and hang out with Ned and even manages to work a little on his web shooters before he starts to get a prickle on uneasiness when Tony doesn’t arrive. “FRIDAY?” Peter asked. “Yes, Peter?” “Where is Mr. Stark?” “Boss is at the hospital,” FRIDAY supplies, not sounding worried in the slightest. “He will not be returning this evening.” “What?!” Peter yelps, scooping up his web shoots and backpack and rushing out the door. As Peter stopped to pull on his suit, his head was spinning. He tried to focus on what he knew Mr. Stark had been up to during the week, if had mentioned any formidable opponents lurking around but he can’t get passed the thought that Tony is in the hospital. Tony never goes to the hospital. After every mission, Peter had to work hard at his sad puppy dog eyes and trembling voice to even get Tony checked out and even then, he never stays long and never overnight. Something must be seriously wrong for Tony to be in the hospital. What if he was dying? He often told Peter that he a had a heart condition whenever Peter did something stupid or reckless (usually both at the same time) but Peter had always brushed it off because this was Tony Stark. The man would not be taken down by something as mundane as a heart-attack. And Tony had looked perfectly fine the last time Peter had seen him, but Peter was well aware of how quickly someone could be taken from him. When his suit was on and mask in place, Peter flung himself out the nearest window, shooting a web to the closet building. “Good afternoon, Peter,” Karen greeted, her voice calm and soothing in Peter’s panicked state. “Karen, call Mr. Stark!” Peter commanded. “Calling Mr. Stark,” Karen said.   “Come on, come on, pick up Mr. Stark,” Peter mumbled as the phone rang. Nobody answered. Peter tried another three times but there was no answer and he blinked away frustrated tears. He took a deep steadying breath, trying to control his rapidly spinning out of control thoughts and before he faceplanted right into a building. “I’m sorry, Peter. I am unable to connect to Mr. Stark,” Karen sounded apologetic and Peter could feel the panic rising in his chest. Peter’s apartment came into view and he pushed himself harder to get their faster. He scaled his building, slipping easily into his room and tossed off the mask. “Peter? Is that you?” Peter jumped at May’s voice and he left his bedroom, finding his Aunt sitting on the couch with a book, looking cautious. She relaxed when she saw that it was him, but her face pulled into a frown when she saw him in his suit. “I thought you were patrolling. Did something happen?” May lowered her book completely and stood up from the couch. “No, I was supposed to be in the lab with Mr. Stark,” Peter gasped out. “But May, he wasn’t there! FRIDAY said he was in the hospital and I tried to call but he didn’t answer and Aunt May what if he’s dying?” “Whoa, whoa, calm down,” May took his hands, leading him to the couch and forcing to take a seat. “Take a breath, sweetheart. Tony’s fine.” Peter took a breath. Then another. “He’s okay?” “Tony’s fine honey,” May smiled at him. “He’s perfectly safe and healthy.” “Ho-how do you know?” Peter asked shakily. “Honey, didn’t you see?” May asked. She reached for her phone and spent a few minutes tapping at her phone. Then she was turning it around and showing Peter who blinked at the screen. 
Tony Stark and wife Pepper Potts about to welcome baby girl 

 
There was an accompanying image of Tony and Pepper at a gala, one of the rare public photos of Pepper pregnant and Peter blinked. “Pepper’s went into labour?” Peter asked. “Uh huh,” May smiled, pulling back the phone. “Isn’t it exciting?” “Yeah,” Peter mumbled, the adrenalin and panic slowly fading from his body as he slumped against the couch. He blinked at the wall, something unpleasant twisting in his stomach. He was aware how nervous and excited and Tony had been when he learnt that Pepper was pregnant. Neither had realised that she was pregnant, and Peter had accidently let the cat out of the bag.   They had been at the Tower, having a meal with Rhodey who had stopped by for a visit while on leave. Peter had been having a blast, giggling at the witty banter Rhodey and Tony threw at one another, Pepper chiming in with her own zingers that had Peter clutching his stomach with laugh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Peter Parker
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Family Fluff
Family Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Awesome Pepper Potts
Parent Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Misunderstandings
Pregnancy

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Pepper Potts

