Chapter 1: Innocence Lost
    




Chapter Text
"Brother, are you awake?" Thor's voice sounded from Loki's chamber door, soft light streaming in.  Loki opened an eye, allowing himself to be slowly pulled from sleep.He rolled over to face his older brother.  He idolized Thor.  He was strong and brave; everything Loki wasn't.  "I am now," he stretched, yawning.Thor crept in, closing the door behind him.  "I've had a bad dream.  May I lay here with you until morning?"Loki shrugged, rolling back over.  "Just don't hog the covers,"The blonde boy threw back the covers and slipped behind his small brother.  Loki felt the bed shift, then Thor's strong arms were around him.  "You feel nice, brother.  So cool,"Loki stiffened as Thor ground his pelvis into his backside.  "Wh-what're you doing, Thor?" he asked in a small voice, suddenly frightened."Shhh, it's alright, Loki," he murmured, sliding his hand down the front of Loki's silk pajama pants, stroking his length."Please!" Loki whimpered, eyes wide.Thor, either feeling this plea was for him to continue or just disregarding it altogether, pulled Loki's bottoms off as he held him firmly to his chest.  "Keep your voice low, brother.  We don't want to wake Father and Mother,"Loki bit his tongue, swallowing against the bile rising in his throat, tamping down the feeling of pleasure in his belly as his brother pumped his shaft.  "Come on, brother.  Cum for me," Thor murmured huskily, the pressure on his length increasing as his older brother massaged his firm sac.  Hot, silent tears of shame and humiliation slid down Loki's cheeks as Thor thrust into him, rutting against his bottom.  It hurt, but the hand on his rigid length was comforting.  Suddenly, he felt hot, sticky fluid between his thighs as his brother left his bed, leaving Loki shaking, desperate for a bath.  He scrubbed his skin with scalding water as he sat in the tub, sobbing.He returned to his bed, changing the soiled sheets with his magic before sinking into the soft mattress, still sobbing quietly.It was the first of many visits Thor would pay to Loki's chambers over the years.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Rape
Rape Recovery
Rape Aftermath
Statutory Rape
Forced Orgasm
Forced Pregnancy
Mpreg
Emotional Hurt
Verbal Humiliation
Humiliation
Situational Humiliation
Sibling Incest
Poor Loki
Hurt Loki
BAMF Frigga
Parent Frigga
Awesome Frigga
Loki Feels
Thor Is A Total Dick
Odin's A+ Parenting
Odin's Bad Parenting
Frigga Feels
Post Mpreg
Loki Angst
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Has Issues
Loki Redemption
Patricide
Loki's Revenge
Loki's Kids
Verbal Abuse
Did I Mention That Thor Is A Total Fucking Dick?
Castration
Pregnant Loki

fandom: 
None
