Chapter 1: Freight Car
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 * * * * * * * 





 Rhapsody in Pink 
Story by the1918  ||  Art by hundredthousands * * * * * * *  The first time it happens is two days after he gets the new arm. Bucky likes this arm; it’s lighter, and it’s his. It is a functional matte black instead of gleaming silver. It’s still made from vibranium like the old Hydra arm, but the medical team at this facility and the young Stark—Tony, Steve’s friend—said that the new arm is ‘an improved alloy.’ After the first arm is taken away and examined by people Bucky doesn’t know and doesn’t need to, he learns with absolutely no sense of shock that Hydra’s weapon had been loaded down with at least a dozen invisible and nefarious devices previously unknown to him. A GPS tracker, which he had at least assumed was present. An electrical device that, when activated, would make the Asset’s heart stop. A pump connecting the Asset’s bloodstream to a host of chemicals and pharmaceuticals serving purposes that would take the medical team some time to catalogue.(It’s that last one that makes Steve shake in the chair next to Bucky, a big body to contain an even bigger rage wherever Bucky and Hydra are concerned.)But the new arm… the new arm is good. It feels good. It takes a few days for Bucky to adjust to the new neural hookups, to figure out how to move and balance less weight, to relearn what it is to know sensation in two hands at once—touch, cold. Heat. Sometimes he lays quiet in his bed, moving his black vibranium fingertips around, touching his own skin. It’s all new, but it isn’t long before this arm starts to feel like a part of his body in the way Hydra’s arm never could.This arm is one more item on the slowly growing list of things that make Bucky feel like he belongs to himself. It can be hard, some days, especially the moments when a new thread of an old memory touches just inside the back of his mind with a featherlight tickle and hovers, only for seconds, before disappearing as a fading flame in a forgotten lantern. Those are the moments that leave a tired, cold gap between who Bucky thinks he is and who Steve says he was.Steve says that Bucky had a family, had sisters. Bucky does not remember their names. Steve says that Bucky had friends in his fellow soldiers—“our Howlies”—but Bucky can’t recall them. Steve says that Bucky’s been his friend since he was six years old, that Bucky peeled him off playgrounds and grimy alley floors, that he protected Steve through famine and through war. Bucky knows in his bones that those things are true, even if memory fails him.There are some things he does remember. He remembers falling. Some memories smell like gunpowder, while others look like old wallpaper. Bucky’s spine has ached at the recollection of uncomfortable furniture in a shabby Brooklyn tenement, but even there he doesn’t find Steve’s face, though he knows Steve should be there. Steve says he was smaller, then. Bucky looks for a small boy with Steve’s face. He still comes up empty.Steve never dwells. Steve smiles. He tells Bucky that it’s okay if he never remembers, that he is still Steve’s best friend.Bucky dwells.He has at least come to feel enough like someone whose name could be James Buchanan Barnes to be comfortable being ‘Bucky.’ He finds he likes having his own name, and a nickname, even. Steve sometimes calls him ‘Buck,’ but no one else does that—only Steve. Bucky likes that part, too.The rest of Steve’s team call him other things. Romanov, Barton, and Sam call him ‘Barnes,’ and Bucky is fine with that; it’s simple. The Vision calls him ‘Sergeant Barnes,’ which always prods at half-seen places in the dark of his mind, but sometimes that is a good thing. Wanda calls him ‘Bucky,’ and Stark—the only one besides Barton that doesn’t live in this grandiose compound, despite being the one to have built it—is never around to call Bucky much of anything.It is two days after Bucky gets his new arm, and the only one around at all right now is Sam. Steve and the others had left the day before for a mission—a “milk run,” Steve had called it. Bucky knows that Sam was asked to stay behind because of Bucky, because no one feels quite comfortable leaving him alone yet, and Bucky thinks they’re smart for that. Bucky likes Sam. Sam is fiercely loyal, to Steve in particular, and Sam swears that any friend of Steve is a friend of his.(Bucky had once asked Sam if that still applies to friends of Steve who have also tried to kill Steve. Sam had smiled back—“Especially those friends.”)It is ten in the morning, and Bucky enters the team’s shared kitchen to find Sam sitting on a stool with a little bowl of something on the countertop in front of him. Bucky peers closer. Sam is eating cherries.“Mmn,” Sam grunts in greeting.Bucky watches Sam spit out a pit into a separate dish, and it makes a clinking sound as the solid object pings against ceramic. Sam raises hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
Smut
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Avengers Compound
Hallucinations
Mental Instability
Mindfuck
Sexual Fantasy
Masturbation
Explicit Sexual Content
Light Dom/sub
Horny Bucky Barnes
Blushing
Sub Steve Rogers
Nipple Play
Ass Play
Anal Fingering
Dirty Talk
Blow Jobs
Barebacking
Anal Sex
Possessive Sex
Rough Sex
Breeding Kink (Blink and You’ll Miss it)
Mildly Dubious Consent (See Chapter 6 Notes)
Magical Healing Ass
Fanart
Resolved Sexual Tension
Angst with a Happy Ending
Sex Obsession
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
because Hydra fucked with his head okay
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Emotional Sex
First Times
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Some Cherries Were Injured in the Making of this Fic
(And Popped)
Possessive Bucky
Made-Up Neurological Diagnoses

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

