Chapter 1: Pirouette for Science
    




Chapter Text
The proverbial rabbit dies in the form of a plus appearing on the end of a little plastic stick and Steve is less surprised than he should be. Oh he still ends up sitting on the floor of his apartment with his head in his hands but that’s more because he’s swimming in possible consequences than from shock. He did have unsafe sex during heat, after all. What did he expect?He counts to fifty then fishes his cell phone out of his pocket and calls Sam.Sam picks up on the second ring. He's good about his phone that way. “Hello?”“I’m pregnant.” Steve doesn’t really see the point of mincing words with Sam.“Steve?”“Yeah. Sam, I’m so pregnant. I think I might pass out.” “Are you sitting down?”“Yes?”“Well at least you won’t have far to fall.”“You are so helpful. I’m so glad I called you.”“I’m honestly not sure what you’re looking for me to say here buddy.”Steve sighs and leans his head back again the wall. “I’m not either.”“Okay.” There’s a long silence on the line then the inevitable question inevitably comes. “It’s his right? Barnes?”“Yeah.” It was just the once. A demolished HYDRA base outside of Minsk six weeks ago. Well, by the time Bucky knotted him, the base was demolished. Two supersoliders mating could take do a hell of a lot of damage even if a building was made of reinforced concrete and rebar. Sam and Natasha had found him alone in the wreckage, fully dressed thank God, but smelling of heat, sex and the pheromones they always emit when they reestablish their bond. “Is this a good thing?” Sam asks cautiously. Steve really loves him in this moment. Not “what are you going to do?” not “you have options” but basically “are you happy?” “Yes,” Steve chokes out because dammit, he’s wanted this his whole life. He really has. When he was young, he never thought it would happen. With his asthma and bad heart, he was too weak to even think about being bred by Bucky, even if they did whisper about it in the pitch dark of their apartment when they were both drunk enough to will away reality. “Well there you go,” Sam says with smile in his voice. “Congrats man. You’re going to be a mom. That’s pretty freaking awesome.”Steve looks at the pregnancy test he’s gripping tight in one fist and he smiles too. “Yeah. It is.”~*~*~The shadow over this joyful event is that Bucky is still lost. No, that's not right. The Winter Soldier knows exactly where he is and he doesn’t want to be found. But without the father to tell, Steve figures that there are other people he can inform. This is happy news after all. He’s not going to let missing his mate ruin this. He’s not. This is the 21st Century. These days Omegas and Beta women have babies without fathers all the time and they do just fine. Great even. He is going to be great. He’s going to enjoy this. That might be why he tells Tony next. Tony’s overreactions to everything is a good way to keep things in perspective. He’s also an Alpha and Steve doesn’t want to admit it but he kind of needs some Alpha energy right now. It's the hormones. It has to be. He wouldn’t otherwise let himself into Tony’s lab. He isn’t usually this insane. Tony has a lit blowtorch in his hand and one of his awful albums playing over the sound system. With the big dark safety goggles on he looks so much like Howard that Steve hurts just a little. Howard knew he was an Omega, so did Peggy. This conversation might have been easier with him. But then, Howard never smiled as widely as Tony does when he finally notices Steve’s presence.That’s nice. It’s nice to be greeted like he’s wanted, genuinely and not in a “Thank you for coming to this gala, Mr. National Icon,” sort of way. Tony says hi and gestures for  him to sit on about six square inches of empty counter-space and turns his blowtorch up even higher. “You run through all fifty-thousand TV channels and so you came to watch the master work?” Tony asks.“There’s a master down here?”“Sarcasm. It shouldn’t still surprise me when you use it but every damn time,” Tony chuckles. “So what’s up Cap?”“I wanted your thoughts on baby-proofing the tower.”Tony pushes his goggles up his forehead and turns to stare at him. “Oh god, did Pepper say something to you? Is she pregnant? Because if she said something you need to tell me because I’m probably supposed to just know and I’m terrible at Just Knowing Things with her.”Steve laughs. “She didn’t say she was pregnant the last time I talked to her.”Tony sags, clicking off the blow torch. “Thank god. I don’t even want to think about the clusterfuck bringing a suit against Trojan would cause. Like I need more bad press.”“I am.”“You’re what?”“Pregnant.”Tony laughs again and then stops. His eyebrows knit together then shoot up towards his hairline. He makes a circular motion with his finger. When Steve does nothing, Tony says “Give us a spin would you?”“I’m only six weeks, Tony, it's not going to show.”“Yeah, congrats and all that crap. Thats not what I’m talking about. Twir
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Abraham Erskine & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Clint Barton
Alpha Sam Wilson
Omega Natasha Romanov
Alternate Universe - Canon
Mpreg
Pregnancy
Morning Sickness
Mates
Friendship
Parenthood
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Science
Doctors
Medicine
Tony Stark Has A Heart
The Avengers are good friends
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Beta Bruce Banner
Science Bros
Light Dom/sub
Very light I promise
Bonding
Mate bonds
Bond High
Chinese Food
Banter
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Kissing
Sleepy Cuddles
Anal Sex
Knotting
Biting
Media is a real thing and the Avengers have to deal with it
The Daily Show - Freeform
The O'Reilly Factor
Anderson Cooper 360 - Freeform
ellen - Freeform
Annie Leibovitz
Omega Peggy Carter
Super Soldier Serum
Supersoldiers' baby
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Partial Mind Control
Consensual Mind Control
Purring
New York City
Seneca Village
Central Park
Discussion of life and injustice in a black and immigrant community pre-American Civil War
Historical References
Some racial issues in chapter 26 - warnings in notes
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Robots
Awesome Jarvis (Iron Man movies)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Abraham Erskine & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

