Chapter 1: Be Good
    




Chapter Text
After the battle of New York, after falling off the bridge into the byfrost, Loki expected to be dead. Death sounded nice, being away from thanos and from a family that didnt belive him. Loki looked forward to death. He wasnt so lucky. He landed here, where ever here is and almost immediately turned into a slave. His magic stripped from him in mear seconds, leaving him weak and defenseless. One of the slave handler hated Loki immediately, probably justified hate as well. Making Loki's life here the past few years a living hell.Around his second or third year here, he gave birth to a little girl. He doesn't know who the father is, but it's best not to know. He is allowed a wrap to carry her around in, so long as there is no negative impact on his work. It wasnt his proudest moments, but he would trade his body for any food or meds his child needed. He would lie on his back and be submissive to who ever was willing to trade. Of course he still had to serve his master without promise of trade, he would do it to avoid punishment. But anything was worth it for her.The little girl, about 3 years old now, is smart. She'll hide from angry handlers, and be silent in the presents of anyone besides loki. She was so smart, and so traumatized from growing up here. She knew her way around the grounds, could always find Loki. Loki suspected that she was using magic to do this, but he couldn't confirm this thought. But she knew when to wait, when she couldn't seek comfort in Loki because he had to work. Loki would do anything for her, anything.An almost naked Loki holds a plate of delicious smelling food in his hands, ready to serve it to whoever wants it. His no-longer-white loincloth is all he is aloud right now. Serving food is light work compared to what he could be doing right now, but it feels like mental torture. His stomach feels so empty and his arms strain to hold the plate. He scans the room quickly, before dropping his eyes to the floor. There's no reason to upset the handlers by looking too long.In the large dinning room there are at least 100 people, not including slaves. All the people have plates and plates of food in front of them, just waiting to be eaten. As far as Loki could tell, there is some large trade happening, so there will be many feasts for the next few days. Whispers between slaves mostly consisted of theories of who was coming. Some say the All-Father was coming, but Loki knew that couldn't be true, last he knew the All-Father was preparing for ragnorock.His masters like to give guests their own personal slaves, making all slaves desperate to prove thier worth. Guests' slaves are tend to get better treatment while the guest is happy. On the flip side, if a slave were to upset a guest there is heavy consequences. But guest slaves are aloud so many privileges! Loki has to consider his daughter, always. He'll risk it for her.It works out nice because slaves outnumber people about 2 to 1. Not including the younge slaves too useless to do hard labor yet. To prevent thoughts of revolt, slaves wear a collar device around thier neck. It works through a little remote so the person in charge of a slave at a given moment doesn't require magic. The collar has a wide range of restrictions, preventing access to magic and the ability to prevent certain actions on the part of the slave. Loki can feel the collar heaving on his mind right now, it is physically impossible for him to leave his spot unless the plate is empty.Loki tenses as a handler walks by. His face wearing a prominent scorn. Anything Loki can do to stay out of trouble he'll do. Loki let's out a breath as the handler moves past him. Loki maintains his posture as some guests grab items off the plate. Once all the food is off the plate the collar pushes him to want to move, loki makes his way to the kitchen, cautiously moving around the perimeter and avoiding guests.Once in the kitchen, the handler grabs loki by his hair and pulls him in front of him. Loki winces because of the strain standing puts on his leg. "Sir?" Loki forces out. "Follow." Loki follows his handler, the collar now pushing him to listen to the verbal orders.  He gets lead outside then towards the gates. Once he got all the way he sees a line of slaves, clearly this guest is late. Many of the slaves here look strong and able to carry whatever the guest has to bring. Loki questions why he's here when he is barly able to stand, let alone carry as much weight as the slaves here. Loki can hear them before he can see them. Thor and Stark are getting escorted by a caravan of items. Loki lowers his head more, desperate to hide his humiliation. Of course they would be here to witness his humiliation, mabey Thor heard about Loki being here and desided to bring Stark to humiliate Loki further. He can hear the handler explaining to Thor and Stark about dinner and trades and slaves. Loki does his best to blend in but there is only so much he could do 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slave Loki (Marvel)
Master/Slave
Abuse
Past Abuse
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Poor Loki (Marvel)
Mpreg
Abused Loki (Marvel)
Dark Tony Stark
Unreliable Narrator

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

