Chapter 1: Let’s Hang Out Sometime
    




Chapter Text

Peter looked around, his mind breaking into fragments at the disaster that lay before him. He was sitting in the back of a van that rumbled along… somewhere. His head was shoved into a hood, and Peter’s hands were cuffed in what he could only guess to be vibranium, given the lack of give when he tried to pull on them. 

Peter didn’t remember getting snagged. The last thing he could recall was patrolling Queens. If he was being completely honest, he couldn’t remember what day it was. 

He’d woken up when the van had hit a particularly deep pothole, knocking his head against the floor with a thud.

Now, here he was. Sitting up, leaned against the cold metal of the wall, staring forward at the black hood around his face and doing his best to listen for any type of sign that he wasn’t alone. 

Peter was caught up in trying to find any sign of life when the van lurched to a stop, sending him sliding to the back of the vehicle until he hit the door with a thud. His left shoulder ached with what was sure to be a bruise. Peter was two seconds from doing his best to shake out of the hood when he heard the bustle of doors opening, and hands were ripping him from the confines of the van. 

Peter fell backwards out of the vehicle, collapsing onto his butt as rough hands grabbed for him and voices yelled above his head. Then he was being dragged backwards, unable to get his feet under him. Peter was preparing to launch and attack when he heard a familiar gasp that had his head perking up. 

Mr. Stark. 

“Spider-Man?” Mr. Stark’s voice cut through the grunts of the men hauling Peter… well, wherever they were hauling him. Peter knew Mr. Stark was using his hero name since he was wearing the suit, but Peter knew under the hood his mask was gone. 

“Mr. St-” He was cut off by a fist to his abdomen that had him coughing around the air that escaped him. 

“Hey!” Mr. Stark cried, but the man quickly quieted himself when his objections led to another punch to Peter’s stomach. 

“Shut up! Both of you!” a voice cried… a voice that had Peter’s blood running cold. That was Gargan. He would recognize that voice anywhere. That man was meant to be in prison, somewhere tucked far away where he couldn’t harm anyone else. “Mr. Parker, you should know, I have a gun pointed at the back of Tony Stark’s head.” Peter’s stomach dropped. Of course, Gargan would know exactly who he was. The click of a safety being turned off caught Peter’s attention, his blood running cold. He felt his breathing start to pick up as flashbacks to Ben laying on concrete, blood surrounding him, flooded his memory. “I am going to undo your cuffs, and hand you two chains. Then I will take off the hood. If you try 

anything 

funny, I will shoot Tony in the head, then I will shoot both of your kneecaps and make you watch your latest father-figure lie here on the floor before you die. Have I made myself clear?” 

Yes, yes he had. 

“Crystal,” Peter responded. Rough hands clicked the vibranium cuffs open and pulled his right arm directly out from his body, before a chain was handed to Peter. The chain was thick and cold, and he gripped it tightly. Then his left hand was directed to another chain, and Peter really wanted to know what twisted game Gargan had planned. Peter had ruined this man’s life, he knew that. Peter knew that Gargan was in this simply for the revenge, and that scared him more than anything. 

Then Peter gasped and tightened his grip on the chains as the weight of them tripled instantaneously. He found himself, enhancements and all, gripping to the chains with all of his strength. 

Then the hood was being pulled from his head and Peter looked around to a sight that had him fighting back vomit. 

On his right was Gargan who was stepping back from the bolted down chair that held Mr. Stark. Mr. Stark, who was latched into the metal chair by cuffs on both his ankles and his wrists. Mr. Stark who couldn’t possibly move without help. 

On his left was a girl, clearly unconscious, and stuck in the exact same position as Mr. Stark. 

And tied directly to the chains held in Peter’s arms, set up on a pulley system, where two massive weights. Hanging above the heads of these two people. One man that Peter loved, that Peter thought of as a father, that Peter couldn’t imagine watching die. And one hanging over the head of an innocent girl. She was wearing an NYU sweatshirt, and Peter knew this girl had never done anything to harm anyone else. She was completely innocent. 

“Well, Mr. Parker, now you can see your predicament,” Gargan said, stepping in front of Peter. “You have two lives, literally, in your hands. Your precious Mr. Stark, and this young lady that we managed to grab from the streets, honestly, I don't even know her name.” Gargan laughed as Peter readjusted his grip, feeling the strain set into his shoulders. “You have three options. One, drop the left chain, effectively killing that sweet, com
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Whumptober 2020
Whumptober
Irondad
Whump
Pain
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Whump
Restraints
Count Down
general pain
we put the boys through it in this one
I mean its whumptober
What Did You Expect
the collab you've all been waiting for
Kidnapping
Uncle Rhodey
Dehumanization
Collars
Hypothermia
Blood Loss
Stabbing
platonic coparenting
annoying big brothers sam and bucky

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

