Work Text:
  Peter was going to kill Ned. Ever since Ned put the idea of May and Tony dating in his head, he can’t get it out. He knows that they aren’t. Peter has seen Mr. Stark making love heart eyes at Pepper whenever she glides into a room, seen them snark with one another in a way that Ben and May used to do, had even seen them kiss. Being an avid fan of Tony Stark, Peter was aware of the playboy days but having spent time with Tony he knew those days were far behind the man and he would never do anything to hurt Pepper Potts in that way. And May hadn’t had a date in the year that Ben had left them. If she had, she wouldn’t keep it from Peter. May had been very open with Peter from the moment he came to live with them and throughout the years they had never kept anything from one another. Except that fact that Peter was Spider-Man. But May had found about that anyway and the resulting lecture had Peter renewing his vows to never ever keep anything from May Parker again because his ears were still ringing, and his stomach still churned with the guilt. May Parker was one woman you didn’t want to cross, related to or not. But something had been going on with May and Peter wasn’t sure what it was. He had confided in Ned when he first noticed that something had been suspicious with his Aunt. May had been leaving the house at her usual shift hours but had also been staying out longer. She was clearly hiding something. When she was home, her movements were more scattered than usual and Peter could hear muted late-night conversations that she was having on the phone in her room, Peter trying not to eavesdrop. She seemed stressed, tired and worn. So much that Peter had even cut back his patrolling, returning before his curfew a good half an hour earlier in an attempt to help relieve some of the worry she was feeling. But May continued to look stressed. Peter had asked of course, offered to help but May had brushed him off and told him it was nothing he had to worry about. Then two weeks ago, May had seemingly overnight returned to normal. She looked happier, lighter, free and Peter had no idea what had happened. “Maybe she’s getting laid,” MJ suggested over lunch in the cafeteria, clearly having listened to his panicked conversation with Ned. Peter scrunched his nose up at the thought. “Ewe, I didn’t need that image.” Peter had nothing against May having sex. She was her own woman and it was her body to do with the way she pleased but Peter did not need to know about his Aunt’s active sex life. It was bad enough that he had stumbled across her vibrator when he had been searching her room for his lost sock and he had firmly put that in the category of things to never think about again. “Besides,” Peter continued. “She’s been coming around the Tower a lot more. She’s there to pick me up and we have even been having Friday night dinners with Mr. Stark and Miss Potts.” “Maybe she’s dating Iron Man!” Ned gasped. “Isn’t Miss Potts engaged to Tony Stark?” MJ frowned. “Yes,” Peter said. “She’s not dating my mentor.” “It would be cool though,” Ned pointed out. And now that he had said, Peter couldn’t get it out of his head. It was annoying and frustrating and distracting. There was no way that May Parker and Tony Stark were having an affair. And yet…. Tony and May did seem closer. They had inside jokes that Peter wondered when exactly that had become a thing. Despite Tony’s reputation, he was a touchy-feely guy but Peter had never seen him touch May with such familiarity; a shoulder shove here, a hand to the small of her back when he let her pass through a door first, opening the car door for her when she and Peter left for the evening. Pepper didn’t appear to be concerned about it. In fact, she and May had become fast friends (not that Peter had been surprised because both were fierce and wonderful women). He was sure that they constantly messaged one another because Pepper suddenly knew things about Peter that he was sure he had never told her (like the fact he had dressed up at Mr. Stark one Halloween). And if they were dating, it wouldn’t bother Peter. He liked Mr. Stark and did think of him as a father figure (not that he was anywhere close to admitting that to the man or anyone other than his deepest thoughts) but he really like Pepper and Tony together. And he really wasn’t sure that May was ready to move on. She had never mentioned it and Peter honestly didn’t think that Tony was May’s type. Were they in some sort of polyamory relationship? I’m going to kill Ned, Peter thought, stabbing at his dinner. “Peter!” Peter looked up from his plate and found May, Pepper, Tony and Rhodey staring at him from across the table. “Oh, umm, yeah, it’s delicious,” Peter said, having no idea what had been asked but taking a wild stab in the dark. “Ned’s delicious?” May asked, eyebrow raised. Peter scowled at his food. “Sorry. What was the question?” “You’ve been mumbling Ned’s name under your breath,” Tony said, looking both amus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
Attempt at Humor
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Awesome Pepper Potts
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rohdes is amused
Peter parker is a disaster
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Relationship misunderstanding
Precious Ned Leeds
Ned Leeds is a Little Shit
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones is a Little Shit

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

