Chapter 1: Proluge
    




Chapter Text
Growing up, Darcy always knew that her soul mates were going to be interesting people, to say the least.  What with the words, “So you are the one I am to train? Have you ever held a weapon?” on one shoulder blade and, “I’m sorry, but on a scale of one to America, how free are you tonight?” on the other shoulder blade how could they be anything else. They would have to be special and they would have to keep up with crazy stuff because there was a secret in the Lewis family that very few people knew. Darcy had inherited something from her Great- grandmother who had died the same moment Darcy was born: The Angel of Death herself. In the sixteenth century the Roman Catholic Church had the “brilliant” idea to trap the physical embodiment of Death into a virgin nun so that when the nun died, Death would die. But Death knew that should she die the Apocalypse would come crashing down on humanity, and it wasn’t time. So Death did the only logical thing she could think of; she took over the nun’s body, forsaking the nun’s vows and becoming a prostitute until she conceived. The nun died the same moment her baby daughter was born, and Death passed over to the baby girl. That was how over 600 years later Death came to Darcy.Darcy knew that her soul mates would have that to contend with, but it got worse when she was left as an orphan before even entering middle school. Darcy was taken in by Death’s handpicked warriors; they trained her in all forms of combat and weapons. What they couldn’t teach her they hired the best of the best and that was how she met her first soul mate when she was seventeen. Death had connections and money to spare and it was open for Darcy to use. When it came to learning how to be the best sniper she had to learn from someone who people called Yasha, a nom de plume. The first time they met he had his shirt off and was facing away from her. His left arm was a complete metal machine that looked like it had been sutured to his body with little care to him. “So you are the one I am to train? Have you ever held a weapon?” Darcy twitched her hand to let a knife she had up her forearm slide down to her fingertips as she drew back her hand, she let the knife fly within an inch of his head to embed its self into the wall in front of him. “Does that answer your question?” she asked. He pulled the knife out of the wall and turned to face her. There, on his ribs were the words “Does that answer your question?” but there was scaring over it like someone had tried to get rid of the words but failed. His other set of words, “I had him on the ropes”, had the same treatment. When she looked into his eyes though they were dead and without any light of acknowledgment in them. If he wasn’t going to say anything neither was she. She studied under him for three months learning all she could, then it was back to school, her senior year. She graduated and went to college, slipping out most weekends to go hunt down those responsible behind her family’s murder. She attacked with a vengeance gaining a formidable reputation as The Ghost. Nobody could find out anything about The Ghost; gender, physicality, age, or ethnicity. The only thing they knew was that all of the victims had their hearts removed from their chests.  When she had taken out everyone related to the murder, she needed to do something different, so she applied to become an intern to a Dr. Jane Foster, making sure that she was the only applicant. She played the part of a regular girl and then Thor came along. She was sure he would figure out her secret, but he never did. When he left she breathed a little easier. If she could fool Thor there was no reason why anybody else would be able to figure it out.  After Thor came back the second time, Tony Stark offered him a place to stay in Avenger tower. Thor would only agree if he could bring Jane, all of her research and machines, as well as Darcy. Tony agreed and the next thing Darcy knew she and Jane were whisked off to New York and given an apartment in Avenger Tower. She worked with Tony, Dr. Bruce Banner, and Jane making sure they stayed on a human schedule of eating, sleeping, and bathing.  Darcy and Death had a deal; once a month, Darcy would let Death take over her body for an entire weekend, just so long as nobody at the tower found out. It let Death have a body she was in complete control over and it kept the internal arguments to a minimum. So once every month Darcy would have Jarvis lock the labs, saying that the scientists needed a break every once in a while. Then she would leave the tower and go to the brownstone across town where Death’s family lived and Death would come out and get to do whatever she wanted. The only drawback was that with Death being so old she had picked up some magic, so after Darcy took control of her body again, the magic lingered, and she had to hide it from everyone. Fortunately, she had gotten very good at hiding it or explaining 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Dark Darcy
AU
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
mcu - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Does not follow the movies
Idealict AU
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Sacovian Accords never happpened
After Age of Ultron
civil war never happened

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor

