Chapter 1: Pride Can Falter
    




Chapter Text
Hiro failed to hide the smile that played on his lips as he watched Megabot destroy its opponent, metal and shrapnel flying over the playing field.  Within seconds he had found the other robots weak points, navigating across the ring with ease and bringing the battle to an abrupt and unexpected end.  No one missed the way his face lit up in victory as he delivered the final blow in a mash of buttons.  
The other contestant stared in shock, mouth falling open as he watched his robot destroyed before his eyes.  Undefeated until this moment, his pride seemed to crumble with his robots collapsing form as he gawked down at the heap of junk that was once the source of his illegal income. Those who were in the audience all stared in quiet disbelief, and most began to pack up as soon as the bids were sorted out, the youngest Hamada practically gleaming as he collected his earnings from the pan that was hesitantly held in his direction by a young woman.  She eyed him incredulously.  
Although he had been attending university for several months now, there was still a part of him that thrived to make the odd fight – though much to Tadashi's discontent.   Since the night of the fire; the same night they both could have died (and Callaghan did,) Tadashi has been so much more protective over his younger brother than Hiro cared to admit.  It was like Tadashi had realized how closely they had almost been torn apart that night, and it scared him.  Really it scared them both.  But that didn't mean Hiro wanted to listen to the new rules his brother had set down.  No, instead Hiro had gone and disobeyed his brother once again.  
Tonight he had made sure to remove any tracking devices in his shoes and clothing before sneaking out.  He had figured out his older brother’s little trick not too long after Tadashi had started showing up to almost every bot fight Hiro attended, and so he now checked for them regularly.  After all the last thing he enjoyed was having to face the embarrassment of being dragged out of a battle, even if Tadashi had saved his hide on more than one occasion
.
Pocketing his newly acquired cash Hiro stood, leaning over to grab Megabot, but when he looked up his smile faltered as he noticed the man across the ring still sitting on crossed legs.  He watched dark eyes flick his direction, emotions switching just as fast from crushed defeat to hot anger.  
Like every other presumptuous patron Hiro has taken down in the past, this one had been no different.  Always overconfident at the start, he never failed to damage their egos each and every time.  As a result some would lash out, resorting to violence and taking out their incompetence on Hiro.  On more than a few occasions he had come home with black eyes, bruises and welts painting his body from being used as a punching bag.  Then having to come up with excuses to a fretting Aunt Cass was almost always just as bad.
He froze in place as the man stood, gulping as he realized this man had almost two feet on him.  He had realized before the match that this man had a stronger build, but suddenly Hiro found him slightly more daunting when standing to his full height.  Under dark brown hair with the sides shaved in sharp designs, were piercingly dark eyes that scanned over Hiro menacingly.  Saying he felt intimidated as the man flexed his neck and heavily tattooed arms was a little more than an understatement.  He had an aura about him that told Hiro he was in trouble, and that alone was enough to make him begin looking for an exit as he readied to bolt. 
Taking a couple steps across the ring, the guy approached Hiro, stepping over the mess of parts on the ground as he moved.  Hiro knew he probably didn't do well to hide the fear on his face, and quickly he tried to save himself, speaking up.  
"Listen," he started putting his hands up as if it would help, "I don't want any trouble.  I–" The warped grin that slipped across the man's face completely threw Hiro off guard as he stuttered and let the last word die on his lips.  A hand was suddenly being offered in front of him as the man seemed to relax a little, leaning on one leg more than the other as he looked over the boy before him.  There was still something unreadable in his eyes that made Hiro uncertain, and he looked at the outstretched hand with question. 
"Hey, you won," he shrugged, deep voice echoing around the restricting walls encircling the ring, "That was a good fight."
Hiro glanced between the hand and who was attached to it a few times before warily deciding to take it with a mumbled "thanks".  A strong grip matched his appearance and Hiro almost cringed at the pressure that was applied with the shake.  At the same time Hiro took a second to notice the ink that coated his arm – some sort of lizard, maybe a dragon – curling over his forearm twice before wrapping up and around his bicep.  The thing appeared to almost breathe with the movement of the hand
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hiro Hamada/Original Male Character(s)
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

freeform: 
Alive!Tadashi
Alternate Universe
where Tadashi survives the fire but Callaghan dies
rape/noncon
Forced Orgasm
very dark
later Hidashi
Incest
I'm going to hell for writing this
Rape Recovery
Hurt/Comfort
probably unrealistic
kinda mentally unstable Tadashi?
Probably ooc
Over Protective Tadashi
Mental Instability
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Revenge

fandom: 
Hiro Hamada/Original Male Character(s)
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

