Chapter 1: Day One: First time, gentle sex, bottom Tony
    




Chapter Text

Stephen leaned in, kissing Tony softly at first, then letting his kisses wander across his cheek and along the sharp line of his jaw… Tony shifted beneath him, still wide-eyed, even as Stephen touched him more gently than the breeze ruffles the feathers of a bird. Stephen pulled back.


“Love, are you-”


“I’m fine.”


Stephen shot Tony a look.


“Really?”


Tony couldn’t meet his eyes. Stephen sighed softly, sitting back and cupping Tony’s face, brushing his shaking thumb along the planes of Tony’s cheek.


“We don’t-”


“I know.” Tony bit his lip. That had been snappier than he intended.


“Is there anything that would make you more comfortable? The lights? Music? Candles? I know some magic that can ease anxieties-”


“No, no it’s fine.” Tony sighed softly. “It’s just… been a while. And it’s been even longer since it meant something.” He blinked softly, then looked up at Stephen, a gentle touch of concern gracing those beautiful brown eyes like amber and gold. “I don’t want to ruin it. I don’t want things to feel trivial.”


Stephen smiled.


“Oh love, there’s nothing you could do that would make this feel anywhere near trivial.”


“Are you sure?”


“More sure than anything I’ve ever said.”


Tony’s heart beat faster in his chest. He felt safe. Comfortable. Loved. He smiled softly and let his eyes close as he leaned up to meet Stephen’s lips, finally kissing him back softly and sweetly. He could feel Stephen smiling against his open mouth- even though it felt like he was fighting to contain his overflowing happiness. Stephen pushed forwards and Tony fell back, his arms above his head as Stephen used one hand to slide down Tony’s boxers, letting the other intertwine with Tony’s- their fingers fitting perfectly.


Tony’s eyes finally opened and he smiled, kicking the boxers away as Stephen leaned down, kissing him deeply again, before breaking off and trailing kisses down the planes of Tony’s chest, lips careful and sure over the faint scars of the arc reactor. Tony hummed, then gasped softly as Stephen spread his legs. He could feel the gentle rumble of Stephen’s baritone at the sight- he was all prepped and ready for Stephen to take him for the first time. Tony let his head fall back, eyes half-mas as he felt the head of Stephen’s cock push at his entrance, then breaching him. Tony let out a tiny hiss, his fists clenching in the sheets as he whimpered, throat tight.


It had been a while.


Stephen stopped immediately.


“Love- dear, Tony- are you okay?!” Stephen said, leaning forwards to press more soothing kisses to Tony’s cheeks, looking down at him with those stormy blue eyes tossed with concern.


“Yes, yes I’m fine, Stephen.” Tony wanted to roll his eyes endearingly, but instead, he kissed Stephen again, wrapping his legs around Stephen’s back, pulling him closer, and pushing him further into Tony’s tight heat. Stephen let out a groan and Tony could physically feel him straining not to buck his hips. Tony broke their kiss, smirking up at Stephen coyly. “I told you it’s been a while. And what you’ve got ain’t anything to laugh at, Doc.”


Stephen rolled his eyes and snickered, placing one last peck on the tip of Tony’s nose before pushing further in, inch by inch. Tony bit his lip and Stephen groaned, sliding further and further in until he bottomed out, his hips flush with Tony’s.


“God you’re tight-” Stephen groaned, letting his head fall back in pleasure. Something in Tony’s chest jumped and his face grew red. God, he’d give anything to hear Stephen talk like that.


“Well come on then, move. I got places to be, Strange.” That was a lie, but right now Tony’s cock was half-hard and aching and his ass felt so incredibly full, Stephen’s cock pressed right up against Tony’s prostate, and it was starting to drive him crazy.


Stephen snorted and snapped his hips, pulling out and slamming back in. Tony gasped and let out a startled moan, his body tensing as Stephen pushed back in.


“Oh 

God 

yes-” Tony moaned.


Stephen pulled out and pushed back in, groaning through his teeth.


“You should say my name, instead.”


“Less talking more fucking,” Tony ordered.


“Well someone’s a bossy bottom, arent you?” Stephen said, a glint in his eyes that Tony wasn’t sure he liked.


Before Tony could respond Stephen grabbed him by the hips, pulled all the way out then pounded back in, pulling a long moan from Tony and a satisfied groan from Stephen. Stephen leaned down, slamming in and out of Tony harder and harder, kissing him deeply as Tony gasped and moaned into his mouth before kissing and sucking and biting at Tony’s bared neck. Tony let out a high-pitched whimper, hands scrambling for purchase first at the sheets, then at Stephen’s well-toned back. God he was already close- he could feel something building inside him, a desperate unstoppable tingling that rushed over his body in heavy waves, sparks splashing across his vision eve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Smut
Anal Sex
First Time
Gentle Sex
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Stephen Strange
Teasing
Semi-Public Sex
Public Sex
Lingerie
Rough Sex
Jealous sex
Begging
Anal Fingering
Ass Play
Butt Plugs
Body Swap
Clone Sex
Voyeurism
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Stephen Strange
Breeding
Aphrodisiacs
Overstimulation
Dubious Consent
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Asphyxiation
Knives
Bloodplay
Edging
Hate Sex
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Lapdance
Exhibitionism
Size Kink
size queen stephen strange
Praise Kink
Mirror Sex
Degradation
Riding Crops
Deepthroating
Pole Dancing
Telepathy
Outdoor Sex
Sugar Daddy
Double Penetration
Phone Sex
Bondage
Gags
Somnophilia
Sadism
Masochism
Roleplay
Inflation
Sex Magic
Creampie
Collars
Vibrators
Watersports
Nudes
Cock Warming
Nipple Piercings
Lactation
Master/Slave
Groping
Alternate Universe - College/University
Master/Pet

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

