Chapter 1: well this is gonna be interesting
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker was having a Pretty Good Day.He’d somehow not absolutely failed the chemistry test he’d completely forgotten about, Flash had mostly left him alone for some reason, and he’d nearly made it all the way through the AcaDec practice without one of his teammates referencing something that could connect him to Spider-man (it sounds absurd, but it was actually a frequent occurrence) or any other sort of undesirable incident. And Peter was the KING of undesirable incidents.Of course, as someone burdened by the infamous Parker Luck™, he should have known that all this wouldn’t last.Peter glanced at the clock for the third time in the space of a minute. As much as he enjoyed Academic Decathlon, he was itching to leave. Yesterday, he’d been in the middle of a breakthrough in his web fluid before Tony kicked him out, declaring that “homework is important” and “stay in school, kids.” The second Mr. Harrington’s alarm rang, signaling the end of practice, Peter began to hurriedly cram all his stuff into his backpack. Mr. Harrington cut him off, however, saying, “Hold on, guys! I’ve got an announcement!”Reluctantly, Peter sat back down as his teacher continued to speak. “Because you all did so well at nationals, our team has been invited for a tour of Stark Tower! This is an incredible opportunity and I hope that…”Excited muttering broke out amongst the teenagers. Someone was clapping. There were two or three outbursts of cheering, but the only thought occupying Peter’s mind was this: Shit. Shit shit shi—He glanced frantically at Ned, who hiss-whispered “Dude, what are you going to do?” though he seemed much more amused than worried. “Only you, man.” Peter sighed. Curse his Parker Luck.Flash seemed to take the absence of a teacher’s voice as a personal invitation to speak. There was a smirk on his face as he shot Peter a deadly look. “I bet someone’s scared that he’s finally getting called out on his lies, aren’t you, Penis?” he sneered. “Everyone will finally see that you’re just a loser trying to impress your loser friends. And when they do, guess who’ll be the first to—”“Mr. Thompson.” Mr. Harrington finally butted in. (Seriously, what was that guy waiting for, a goddamn invitation?) “That’s enough. And Mr. Parker, I’d like you to stay behind a minute.”Fantastic.“Thanks for coming, everyone, and make sure to grab a permission slip before you leave. The trip is in two weeks and you have to turn in the slip by next Monday. Everything else is covered in the forms.”Peter remained seated as his classmates around him got up to leave. He could hear snatches of their conversations as they headed for the door.“No way, dude!”“This is so fuckin’ sick, man.”“Do you think we’ll see any Avengers?”“...Spiderman?”Of course that last one was Flash. Despite all the bullying, Peter still took some gratification from the fact that his tormentor was practically in love with his alter ego. He wondered what would happen if his identity was ever revealed. Would Flash’s opinion of Peter Parker change, or his opinion of Spider-man? Probably the latter.As the last students slipped out the door, Mr. Harrington took a seat in the chair directly opposite Peter. He had on his “disappointment” face, though Peter couldn’t think of a reason why he would be the recipient of such an expression. He didn’t have much time to be confused, though, because a few moments later, the teacher began to speak.“Now Peter, you’re a brilliant kid. You wouldn’t be on this team if you weren’t. But everyone, regardless of how smart they are, makes stupid decisions. We’ve all told a little white lie about ourselves to be popular, and I know it’s not easy for you to deal with Flash’s teasing, but those things always come back to haunt us.”Peter couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Okay, so Flash didn’t believe him about his internship, and he gave him hell for it, but his teacher? He’d always assumed that Flash was the only one stupid enough to think he was lying, but apparently the other boy had the entire school convinced. Including his favorite teacher.“Mr. Harrington, if this is about my internship, I promise you I’m telling the truth. We filled out all the paperwork, I have all the necessary proof…” Peter trailed off.The teacher only sighed. “I understand that you’ve dug yourself in a bit of a mess and you don’t know how to get out of it. It’s okay.”“It’s not a lie! My internship is real!” Peter insisted, outraged.“Peter, if you are going to continue to lie about it, fine. Just please, please don’t mention it while we’re on the trip, okay? Your actions represent the school, and this trip is a great honor. If someone were to act out and, say, talk about how they intern there and claim to know Tony Stark personally, our chances of ever being invited again would go out the window. Best foot forward, right?”“Right, but—”“No ‘buts,’ Mr. Parker. And while we’re here, I think I should also warn you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Crack Treated Seriously
Fluff
Humor
Gratuitous Descriptions of Flash Thompson's Comeuppance at the Hands of the Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

