Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tessellation: a continuous, repeated pattern made up the same shapes that must fit together exactly, with no spaces or overlap. Shortly after his mother's death, Erik made a list.  A list of the people he would someday kill.  For many years it held a single name: Klaus Schmidt.  By the time he left Schmidt's care, Schmidt's Nazi employers scattered and broken, Erik's list had grown.  In the years that followed his list dwindled, bloated corpses left in his wake, until once again the list held a single name: Klaus Schmidt.  And then Schmidt was dead, Nazi relic through his skull, and Erik's list was exhausted.  Magneto was born.Magneto kept a list.  A list of those he would like to kill, but never would, because some bonds--like the bonds of brotherhood--were stronger than any desire for revenge.  At present, two names occupied that list.The first was Emma Frost, for first suggesting the Brotherhood incorporate, an act that, five years later, still caused Magneto no end of grief.The second was his personal assistant, Anna Marie, who, in an entirely selfish act as far as Magneto was concerned, had scheduled her honeymoon the same week as the Brotherhood's fiscal year end.He felt a headache coming on.  It trickled through the back of his skull, made worse by the weight of his helmet.  Had he been alone, he might have removed it and pressed his forehead to the cooling metal of his desk.  Instead he stared up at the awkward, fumbling girl trying to fill Rogue's shoes."I realize you're new, but didn't Rogue go over your duties with you before she left?" Magneto said around clenched teeth.  Jubilee, that was her name, and from the look of her she wasn't old enough to reproduce, let alone claim membership in the Brotherhood."Um, yes, Sir, that is, yes, but..."Magneto glared.  Jubilee cleared her throat and tried again, overeager in her need to please.  The brightness of her yellow dust jacket was making his headache worse."Raven…  That is, Mystique, said you would want to see this personally."  Again she thrust the gilded invitation under Magneto's nose, like opening the day's mail was somehow worthy of his time.  He kept his hands, palms down, on the desk, leaving the invitation to tremble in Jubilee's grasp.  She was afraid of him.  Good."Mystique is having you on.  I don't do functions.  I have no interest in attending the annual Mutant Rights Symposium."A pointless event, with more dithering than calls to action; mutants of privilege arguing over every piece of legislation they managed to push through the congresses of the world.  Magneto knew better than that.  Change came on the back of an iron first.  It was not forged in suit-filled rooms.A wave of his hand should have dismissed the girl, but she stood her ground, shaking though she was.  Rogue would have known to leave.  He hoped she and Gambit were happy, because as soon as she returned Magneto was going to make her life miserable."What?" he asked, exasperated."Mystique said to tell you that Professor Charles Xavier would be acting as this year's keynote speaker."The news was surprising enough that Magneto forgot himself and reached across the desk to snatch the invitation from Jubilee's outstretched hand.  He waved her away, forgetting her entirely as she fled the room.  He turned his chair to face the window, cradling the invitation in his palm.Professor Charles Xavier.  Mystique knew him well.It took twenty minutes to track Mystique down once he decided he needed her, the Brotherhood's Genosha base a sprawling complex that spanned half of the island.  He found her in the planning and ops room, bent, half sprawled, across the briefing table."Professor Xavier is giving the keynote address at the Symposium this year," he said without preamble.Mystique glanced up from the set of blueprints she was examining and arched a delicate eyebrow, gold eyes glowing briefly in amusement."I thought you would like that," she said.  With a flick of her wrist, she ordered the other mutants from the room.  Magneto waited until they were alone to continue speaking."Has it been confirmed?" he asked.  "Because I don't need to remind you that Professor Xavier has never once made a public appearance."This Magneto knew for a fact.  He had been following Xavier's career for years.  He had read and reread and reread again everything the man had written.  He had tried, on more occasions than he could count, to recruit Xavier into the Brotherhood, but each request for a meeting had been denied.  Aside from his work, no one knew anything about Xavier.  Not what he looked like, not the full extent of his power--though from what little they did know, he was by far the most powerful telepath in existence--and not what his intentions were.The man was a recluse.  As far as Magneto knew, Xavier had never once stepped foot outside his impenetrable Westchester manor.And now he was scheduled as the keynote speaker for the largest pro-mutant conference in the world.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Angsty Schmoop
Alternate Universe
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Magneto is a terrifying fanboy
Oh Magneto bless your terrible fashion sense
Charles You Will Be Drunk
BAMF!Charles
BAMF!Raven
Chess is a valid form of seduction
First Time
Brotherhood of Mutants
Magneto is one crazy mofo
Possessive Behavior
Paralysis
Telepathic Sex
Romance
Mutant Rights
First Meetings
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

