Work Text:
Steve's been awake (thawed?) exactly four days when he sees the shirt.  Nick Fury and SHIELD have been sheltering him, sort of, but Steve's not having it; he wouldn't be coddled when he weighed ninety pounds and could only hear out of one ear, and he certainly won't be coddled now.  He's gone on outings.  He paid two dollars for a hotdog from a vendor in Central Park.  He's adapting.But.  Well.  The shirt.Steve's wandering through a clothing store, somehow ending up in the women's section, and he's looking around desperately for a hint of how to get out—this used to happen to him before, so the familiarity is oddly comforting—when he suddenly notices Bucky's face.  He gasps a little, because that came out of nowhere and blindsided him, but then he realizes it's a shirt (some kind of flimsy, undershirt material, but he's noticed people just wear those out and about these days) and there's writing above Bucky's picture.  I HEART BAD BOYS.Steve blinks.  Reads it again.  Doesn't have to wonder if it's really Bucky; he knows Bucky's face far too well to second-guess that.  Bad boys?“Agent,” he calls, turning his head toward the agent who's been tailing him all day, a woman who's probably only a year or two younger than he is but somehow seems incredibly young to him.  Her face falls when she realizes he's known she was there all along.“Yes, sir?” She steps closer.  Her head barely clears his shoulder.“What is this?”Her eyes dart between him and the shirt a few times.  “Um, Captain Rogers, it's a T-shirt.”“Yes,” Steve says patiently.  “But why does it say I heart bad boys?”She sort of gulps a little.  “I...” She licks her lips.  “Some people really like the bad boys, I guess.  Not me,” she adds, staring up at him in an earnest way that makes him uncomfortably aware of how close they're standing.  “I've always liked the clean-cut type.”He takes half a step away under the guise of examining the shirt.  “But why is Bu...” He can't say Bucky's name out loud.  He tries again and only succeeds in a sort of choked noise.  This girl doesn't know Bucky.  She has, apparently, learned about the Howling Commandos in school, and Steve thinks he maybe heard someone mention something about a cartoon, but she doesn't know that Bucky hates Brussels sprouts or that every time he gets a cold only his left nostril gets plugged up or that he cries the hardest when he's the angriest.“Why is his picture under it?” he manages to ask.  Her eyes are pretty big now, probably at the obvious emotion all over his face.“Well.  Um.  He's the quintessential bad boy?”“He's—” Steve takes a deep breath.  “He's not.”“Captain Rogers, sir, a bad boy isn't really a bad thing, necessarily,” she assures him.“I know what a bad boy is.” Steve flushes a little when he realizes that could potentially sound kind of sexual.  “He's not a bad boy.” He flushes deeper because he's pretty sure at least once some variation of the words bad boy were uttered in their bed and in those cases it was definitely sexual.“Okay...?” They stare each other down for a minute before she adds, “He's always been considered a bad boy.  As long as I can remember.  I think it's the whole scowling, broody thing he's got going on.” She gestures at the shirt, and yeah, okay, he's glaring pretty hard.“He was a prisoner of war,” Steve doesn't quite shout but it's close.  “And then he was still in that war.  Of course he was scowling.”“Alright.” She nods.  “Okay.  Um.  Well.  It's just—everyone sort of talks about how he was this, like, lost cause, kind of, and the only thing keeping him out of trouble was you.”“That is not true,” Steve grits out.  He takes a few deep breaths.  This is not her fault.  This has been happening since before she was born.  And she looks terrified.“I'm sorry?” she offers.He takes another breath.  “Okay.” He holds up his palms.  “I need to leave here now.”  He's going to smash this whole fucking display if he stares at it a second longer.She accompanies him back to SHIELD and he apologizes before he leaves her, promising she won't get fired just because he knew she was there all day.  “I always know they're there,” he tells her with a shrug.  SHIELD agents get just a touch too wide-eyed around him, even more than the general public because they have some special briefing about him in their orientation, a fact that mortifies him and, he knows, would amuse Bucky to no end.“Sir,” he says to Fury.  “I need to talk to the reporters.”Fury just stares for a moment.  “About?”“There are some fundamental inaccuracies with the way history has been recorded.”Fury takes a breath and then doesn't say anything for a second.  “What?”“I need to correct some lies,” Steve says firmly.  Fury kind of blinks that one eye and then gives Steve a look that Steve can't really decipher because Fury only really has about two looks and he only has one eye, besides, and that makes everything harder to understand.“What are these lies?” he finally asks carefully.“Bucky is not a bad bo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Steve Rogers Feels
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

