Chapter 1: Waking in Tony Stark's Bed
    




Chapter Text
Harry yawned and stretched as his body slowly pulled him back into consciousness. He smiled; there was pleasant ache that told him he had got exactly what he was looking for and he sighed happily as he recalled those particular memories from earlier that night. He wasn't surprised to see the still dark night sky out of the windows when he finally managed to force his eyes open a moment later; he hadn't really slept well since... well, ever. There were too many nightmares, too many worries, too many other things to be doing.
Nor was he particularly surprised to find the other side of the bed empty, despite knowing that the handsome and naked body of Tony Stark had definitely been there when he had fallen asleep. The genius playboy had been gone long enough for the sheets to have gone cold however, and Harry wrapped the bed throw around his bare body as he slid out of bed; the room wasn't cold but there was, as always, that innate chill that was present for a short while after waking.
He crossed the room to admire the view; even at night the sight of Manhattan from the heights of Stark Tower were quite something to see. He had only come to America in need of an escape; it had been almost five years since the war had ended but since then things hadn't been as easy as he had hoped. There were the fans and the just as obsessive enemies, looking for revenge; there were endless trials and debates over ministry policy. His relationships had all become strained when he hadn't been able to settle into what they considered to be a normal, healthy lifestyle but he wasn't going to stop having fun just to put their minds at ease.
Fun; he had definitely been having that since he had flown into New York a few days earlier. He had eaten whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted, everything from cheap hotdogs from roadside stands, to extravagant delicacies in some of the more highly recommended restaurants in the city. He had spent a day or two doing all the usual tourist things of course, and had even enjoyed them; and he had followed that up with drinks in several bars, until he had found himself dancing with an equally intoxicated Tony Stark.
There had been plenty of other guys and girls trying to get the attention of the billionaire, and Harry had been about ready to leave simply to get away from the crowds when Tony had caught him by the wrist and pulled him against his chest.
"I have somewhere we should go that's a little less crowded," Tony had said with a smirk, radiating confidence and no small degree of arrogant certainty that the young Brit would agree. Though, to be fair, Harry had only given it a second's consideration before nodding his agreement and allowing the older man to pull him from the club and into a waiting limo.
Harry certainly had to agree that one of the many advantages of the penthouse suite that Tony brought him to was that it was distinctly crowd free.  It also had spectacular views, a ridiculously big corner bathtub and a very comfortable bed that could probably sleep twelve. And then there was the fact that Tony had wasted very little time getting them both completely naked once they got there; that was one the benefits that Harry had appreciated most. He smiled again, gazing out over the city as he thought back over the evening they had had.
-#-
"I should have known that Tony Stark would have a limo waiting for him," Harry said with a laugh as he clambered into the vehicle outside the club, Tony stealing a quick grope of his arse in the process. He hadn't been familiar with the man before his holiday to New York, but it would have been virtually impossible to have remained ignorant for long; plus he had learned a great deal from the woman at the bar who had blathered on about how gorgeous Mr Stark was from the moment that Tony had entered the club.
"Of course," Tony said dismissively, as he climbed in after Harry. "Happy is an excellent driver, predicts my needs," he proclaimed, as he pulled Harry onto his lap, grinning at the smaller man who was now straddling his legs. He was certainly glad that Happy had predicted his need for a car with plenty of manoeuvring space in the back.
"You have a driver called Happy?" Harry asked but Tony was already distracted, sliding his hands under the bottom of the shirt Harry was wearing, fingers teasing at the skin there, and pressing nibbling kisses to the underside of Harry's jaw.
"Forget about Happy," Tony insisted, threading his fingers through Harry's hair and bringing their lips together in an enthusiastic kiss, which might have been at least partly fuelled by the last couple drinks they had had. He was certain that it was going to be a great night though, particularly since it had been a while since he had found a man worth taking home.
Tony had never considered himself fussy, at least when it came to gender; as long as they were hot, interesting and interested he was a happy man. It just happe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Harry Potter
Phil Coulson/Nick Fury
Harry Potter/Phil Coulson/Nick Fury
Phil Coulson/Harry Potter
Nick Fury/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Sex in a Car
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Bottom Harry
Top Tony Stark
Hand Jobs
Magic
Voyeurism
Sex at the Top of a Climbing Wall
Light Bondage
Light Dom/sub
Threesome - M/M/M
Teasing
Established Relationship
Fury is Possessive

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Harry Potter
Phil Coulson/Nick Fury
Harry Potter/Phil Coulson/Nick Fury
Phil Coulson/Harry Potter
Nick Fury/Harry Potter

