Chapter 1: Unforgettable
    


Summary:

Bucky Barnes comes home and spend an unforgettable night with his lover, Steve Rogers.Day 1: First Time





Chapter Text
Who cares about what they are going to do? Certainly, not the two young in love boys.Who cares that they are committing a crime? Or a sin? Steve would do it all over again because loving someone should not be considered a sin, much less a fucking crime, who these people in the government think they are to rule their lives?Steve was raised a Catholic. So was Bucky.They used to sneak around before the mass begins and when it begins, it doesn’t mean they stopped teasing each other. He remembers that Bucky used to kick his ass through the thin space between the seat and the back of the bench. They used to giggle until their mothers tell them to stop doing whatever they were doing.It got hard going to church when he was a teenager. Incredibly, Steve made it through puberty, people told him he was going to die young. He had all kinds of sickness. Some people in the church said that if Steve was always sick then he must have been doing something wrong. He must have sinned. Then, Steve started to realize that he is attracted to boys. Maybe that was the reason he was always sick.As a teenager, he was scared to tell anyone how he felt, even his best friend. He started to invent sickness to not go to the church, he hated those looks of judgment. Who do they think are? They were as much as a sinner as him. At first, his mother insisted, after several denials, she let it go.One day, when his mother was praying at his bedside while he was burning in fever, he was certain he would die. He asked her.“Is it wrong to love someone of your same gender?”His mother raised her head with her eyes filled with tears.“Why are you asking me that?” She ran her fingers through his blond hair stuck on his forehead due to the fever sweat.“I-I--,” Steve sighed, he needed to let it out at once. “I think I may be gay.” Steve expected to see his mother moved away from him with horror in her eyes. Instead, she sat on the edge of his bed, pulling his head to her lap.“I know, darling,” she whispered. “I know.” She got a towel on the nightstand to wipe away the sweat. “No, it’s not. Love should be available to anyone, no matter in which form. You’re going to cross a long and difficult road for being who you are. But no, darling. You’re allowed to love whoever you want. I just want you to be happy.”Steve never forget that day, and how emphatic his mother was when he came out. God, he missed her every day.He thought about that memory when he was walking to the train station. Bucky would be coming home after months away in the Army. Damn, he has missed him so much. Well, he was aware that Bucky would scold him for getting out in such terrible weather. It has been raining all day. Still, Steve didn’t want to lose the chance to see Bucky right away, even if they couldn’t kiss or holding hands in public.He certainly wasn’t expecting what was about to happen later.The train station was crowded, which wasn’t any surprise since people were anxious to see their loved ones. Parents, wives, children, were all there ready to see their sons, husbands, fathers. Steve was there to see his best friend, and, well, lover. But that no one needed to know.With so many umbrellas opened to shield people from the rain. Little Steve couldn’t see anything. He was frustrated, he just expected that Bucky would wait for him. Because, yeah, Bucky knew Steve pretty well to know that he would be in the train station.“Stevie,” a voice said behind him, putting a hand on his shoulder.He was capable to recognize that voice anywhere, and he turned immediately to see Bucky standing right in front of him, safe and sound, in that gorgeous uniform.“Bucky. Hey,” he replied dumbly, making Bucky smirk.“It’s raining, and cold. Damn, Stevie, you shouldn’t have left home,” Bucky scolded him, exactly like he had predicted. The soldier threw a hand over his shoulder, bringing him closer to his warm uniform. “Don’t want you to get sick.”“M’ fine,” Steve mumbled. “How are you?”“Well, okay, I guess,” then Bucky leaned closer to whisper in his ear. “Much happier to be with you.” Steve blushed, red to the tip of his ears. Right, Steve definitely wasn’t seeing what’s going to happen next.It started to rain on their way home, making them walking faster than usual because, obviously, Bucky was all careful about Steve and his health state. It didn’t make much difference. When they reach the small apartment, his clothes were all soaked. Correction: their clothes were soaked.Bucky closed the door while Steve went to the kitchen, probably, the warmest place on the place. Hum… Steve was wrong, actually.Bucky entered the kitchen.“Take these off now,” he ordered, Steve rolled his eyes, starting to unbuttoning his shirt.Bucky took over, finishing it for him. Exposing his fragile, sick body, showing his bones under the light of the candles.“Damn, Bucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Thor

freeform: 
Kinktober 2020
Loss of Virginity
Period-Typical Homophobia
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Bottom Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Knotting
Possessive Steve Rogers
Teasing
Hate Sex
Abusive Relationships
Blindfolds
Vaginal Sex
Blowjobs
Vaginal Fingering
Light Dom/sub
Rimming
Oral Sex
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Fingerfucking
Dom Tony Stark
Sub Bucky Barnes
Daddy Kink
Sleep Sex
Aphrodisiacs
Sex Toys
Dildos
Shower Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Coming Untouched
Praise Kink
Aftercare

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Thor

