Work Text:
Bucky’s five when he meets Steve. He’s in the small playground tucked into their neighborhood and Steve is a too-skinny blonde boy nursing a skinned knee under the monkey bars. “Are you hurt?” Bucky asks, and Steve shakes his head, standing up with a visible wince. He watches the boy climb back up the ladder to the monkeybars again, a concentrated look on his face as he grips the first one.He makes it halfway across before he falls again, hard onto the gravel underneath. There are pebbles stuck to the skinned part of his knee, and he grits his teeth as he brushes them off. He starts climbing back up again, glancing over at where Bucky is still standing and watching him.“Why do you keep doing it?” Bucky asks him, and Steve pauses, one hand on a monkeybar but his feet still on the ladder. “I’m gonna keep doing it til I get across.” Steve says, determined. Bucky sits down on the ground, looking up at Steve and watching him as he tries again. He falls, but it’s three bars from the end, and Bucky cringes on his behalf.“You almost made it!” He yells, and Steve grins up at him from where he’s splayed on the ground, the scrape on his knee looking worse every time he falls.Steve falls two more times before he makes it across, and he grins like he doesn’t know exactly what to do when Bucky jumps up, excited.“I’m Bucky, by the way.” He says.“Steve.” The skinny blonde boy says. And that’s how it starts.++ ++ ++It’s eleven o’clock, it’s raining, and Bucky makes the decision to walk to Steve’s instead of to the subway stop that will take him home.When Bucky buzzes up to Steve’s apartment, the first thing he hears is Sam say, “Man, don’t you have your own place?”“No, Sam. I’m destitute.” Bucky says back, and Sam laughs on the other end before letting him in.He does have his own place, but he just finished his shift at the fusion place he works three nights a week, and it’s only a few blocks away from Steve’s place. Which is how he ends up drinking Sam’s beer, sitting across from Steve at the kitchen table while he works on a project, brow furrowed behind his laptop.“We’re all just a barrel of laughs tonight, huh?” Bucky asks, and Sam snorts at him from where he’s reading a textbook on the couch. Steve looks up at him over his computer screen, gives him a half grin.“How was work?” Steve asks, pushing up his glasses absentmindedly as he continues clicking his mouse. Bucky can see a photoshop screen reflected in them, blue computer light masking Steve’s eyes.“Busy as hell. What the fuck does fusion food even mean?” Bucky asks irritably, finishing Sam’s beer.“You know what it means.” Steve says, but he looks amused.“Unfortunately.” Bucky says. Steve rolls his eyes, his mouth still quirked into a grin.“How’s your thing going?” Bucky asks, gesturing to the computer.“Fine. Designing a logo for this company, I don’t know. I have to decide on fonts right now.” Steve says, shifting in his seat so that one of his legs is tucked under him.“Sounds fun.” Bucky says. “It kind of is, actually.” Steve says back. “D’you mind if I crash here tonight?” Bucky asks, leaning back against Steve’s dining room chair and closing his eyes.“When you come to my apartment out of the rain at eleven PM, I generally assume you’re gonna crash here, Bucky.” Steve says, and Bucky smiles, his eyes still closed.“Why do you even pay rent for that shoebox in Brooklyn? Just move in here.” Sam says from the couch, and Bucky opens his eyes just to roll them.“Don’t talk to me about shoeboxes, Wilson. Your room’s like a closet.” Bucky says, and Sam snorts at him again. “You know I was joking about that moving in thing. Total joke. Do not want you here.” Sam says.“Shut up.” Bucky says, laughing.“Both of you shut up.” Steve says. “Some of us are trying to work.”“You wanna play that game, Steve? Some of us are trying to get Master’s degrees.” Sam says, and Steve rolls his eyes.Bucky laughs, opening another one of Sam’s beers. Steve closes his computer in mock-frustration and Sam doesn’t get much reading done that night.++He tries not to make it a habit, crashing at Steve’s when he’s too tired from work to make the half-hour train ride home, but he does it enough that it’s a familiar routine. He can hear Steve brushing his teeth from the bathroom, the light spilling from the crack in the door onto the wood floor of the living room, visible from the dark of Steve’s room. He sleeps on the left side of the bed, the way he always has but doesn’t know why. An old ritual, the reasoning forgotten by now. Bucky runs his hands through his hair as he turns onto his back, watching Steve walk back into the room from the bathroom.“What’re you looking at?” Steve asks him, smelling like toothpaste.“Nothin’.” Bucky says, and Steve shrugs at him.“Where you working tomorrow?” Steve asks him. “I have a morning shift at the coffee place in Williamsburg and then I’m doing midnight at that Chinese place by my apartment.” Bucky answers. He closes his eyes, feeling the mattress shift 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Alternate Universe - No Powers
jewish bucky
pre-serum steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

