Work Text:
2006There is only so long he can sit idle, waiting for something that will never come--only so long he can want for what might have been.  Wanting will not return his powers to him; it will not bring Charles back to him.There are other ways.  This Erik knows, because even when they fought and squabbled and came precariously close to destroying one another, Charles still trusted him.  Charles still shared the whole of his world with Erik, not because Charles cloaked himself in naivety--no, never that--but because Charles clung to hope like a drowning man clings to the last of his oxygen.Erik knows what the x-men keep inside their mansion.  More importantly, he knows about Bishop.Erik stands from the stone-cut chess table, tucked away in the far corner of Golden Gate Park.  It won't be easy, getting into Charles' fortress--and it was never a school, no matter Charles' intentions--but easier now than it might have been.  The school is in chaos, half the x-men dead or gone, and without Charles to guide their grief, they are vulnerable.  It would be easier with Mystique, but she is Raven now, just as he is Erik, Magneto dead and buried on Alcatraz.  But Erik is resourceful; he will manage.He is thankful now for his life before Charles--the one that saw him travelling the globe, often with barely enough money to sustain himself.  He is used to moving silently and swiftly, always one step ahead of the men he once hunted.  He uses that stealth now, awkward as it feels on battered and aged bones.  It gets him to New York.The cover of night gets him onto the Xavier estate--that and false report of an unusual falcon seen glowing like fire that was sure to draw Wolverine from the mansion--Wolverine's nose is a far more difficult thing to evade.  Erik slips in through the front door.  It is ridiculously easy.It is just as easy to walk familiar corridors and halls, Erik as intimately familiar with this version of Charles' home as he was with the original.  Charles keeps everything of value in the sub-levels.  Access is restricted; security clearance an absolute nightmare, even for those permitted access.  Had Erik his powers, it would have been a simple matter to override the system.  There is a chance he will now be forced to do this the old-fashioned way, but he thinks not.  He knows Charles better than that.The lift at the end of the lobby requires a fingerprint scan.  Erik places his right hand against the device, four finger pads and his thumb pad pressed against the scanner.  A green light passes over his hand, down and then back up again.  The lift slides open.  Erik smiles."Really, Charles; you trusting old fool," he says, though he knows Charles' actions were entirely deliberate.  He likely foresaw this outcome and took steps to ensure Erik could gain access to the lower levels--always five steps ahead, that was his Charles.Getting to the lowest level and through the network of security measures requires another hand scan, a retina scan, a passcode--which ironically is 10281962, and at least Erik isn't the only person still clinging to that date--and a voice command, all of which Erik clears without problem.He knows where he is going even if the Z'noxx Chamber is meant to be Charles' best kept secret.  Charles has told him everything, and what he hasn't shared, he's implanted in Erik's subconscious, all of it coming to the front now--like the passcode--Erik following a pre-ordained path that yesterday he wouldn't have known existed.  Erik shakes his head with fond exasperation--even dead Charles is guiding his path.The Z'noxx Chamber requires a full body scan, one that blips and stutters, making Erik worry he may not be granted access.  A second scan, however, opens the door--he doubts Charles anticipated Erik's DNA having been stripped of its x-gene--and Erik steps inside, white-tiled nothingness meeting his eye."Well, this is entirely unhelpful, Charles," Erik says, and even as he says it the lights come on--though where they come from, Erik can't say.  He glances around the room a second time, but it appears unchanged.  "If you're listening, I want Bishop's time travel device.  I know you kept it."Charles does not answer--not that Erik expected him to; he is dead, after all--but the room is obviously voice-command operated, because a drawer juts out from the far wall--a wall that was seamless only a moment ago.  Erik moves towards it, looks inside, and finds something that looks like an oversized, pieced-together watch."Thank you, Charles," Erik says, retrieving the device from its drawer--which promptly slides shut.  He attaches the device to his wrist.There are rules to this thing, he knows.  He can go anywhere in time, but his location must remain the same--which means he needs to get to where he's going before he goes.  Once he's there, however, he will only have forty-one minutes--and why forty-one minutes, Erik doesn't know--to do what he needs to do before he is returned.  If he does this rig
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Time Travel
Fix-It
Kissing
Angst
Unrequited Love
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

