Work Text:

You know I’m not a saint (but I can make you pray)
 It didn’t hurt anymore so that was good.
 

Right?
 Or maybe that’s just the frostbite. If he made it out of here alive he knew he was going to join Barnes in the Metal Limbs Club, maybe he could run for president. 
Mom. Dad. 

 
Another wave of pain crashed into him, making his heart stutter. He felt this one. He spent decades blaming Howard for Maria’s death. He was told that after the Christmas Gala, Howard drove drunk and crashed the car. A sob tore out of his throat as he watched the damn tape play again and again and again… and again. Maria, poor Maria, wasn’t the best mother out there but she was everything he could ask for and Howard definitely wasn’t the best but he wanted his son to be the best, to ‘change the world’ . He didn’t know how long he’d been in Siberia with a disabled metal suit, 3 inch deep shield-edge shaped cut in his chest with glass and metal shrapnel sinking into said cut (because ow), definite frostbite, possible hypothermia, a few broken bones, and blood loss. His chest had always been fucked up since the Arc Reactor surgeries and his sternum was practically non-existent. His ribs were probably a bloody, chunky smoothie but at least he couldn’t feel it. But he could feel the inner pain as he watched the tape on repeat, the pain as he thought of all his interactions with Rogers and, to an extent, all the Avengers. They never gave a flying fuck about him, did they? He was blind not to see it all. All the lies, manipulation and gas lighting. Steve knew about his parents. He probably knew since SHIELD but he never bothered to tell him. Never bothered to let him grieve. Never bothered. Steve used his money, resources, fund and tech to find his parents’ murderer. No wonder he didn’t take Vision and Rhodey on his little international trips. He thought they were his family. He thought he could trust them. Oh well, that landed him nearly dead in a Siberian bunker in the middle of nowhere. Pepper, Happy, Rhodey, Vision and (perhaps) the spider-kid might be waiting for him. And he knew there was a slim to none chance for him to survive this. Years of rejecting death and he’s being dealt it by a man he considered family. His life is a sick joke isn’t it. He was angry. At Rogers. At all of them. How dare they. How dare they… He made his mind. If he got out of here, he was going to rain hell fire on those ungrateful bastards. He spent a few more hours thinking because that’s all he could do. He lost all feeling in his limbs. 
Oop- there goes my legs. And hands... I might not build after this.

 
That little fact hit him like a ton of bricks. Rogers was going pay. He slowly started losing consciousness. He needed to bring his parents justice. He needed to bring himself justice. He needed to bring justice to the Avengers. He couldn’t die. Not here, not now. He was a survivor. That’s all he’d been doing since the day he was born (to Maria and Howard but don’t think about that) and he wasn’t going to let a bitch in tights kill him. But he was losing and he knew it. He thought about everything that brought happiness into his pathetic life. His bots. His AIs (Poor FRIDAY must be panicking), his Pepper (she was going to kill him if he survives this), his honey bear (Rhodey was in a coma, his legs, I need to build him legs), Happy (he was most likely trying to calm down Pepper), Vision (all alone in the world). He wondered if the Spiderkid would he care, he’d said he would mentor him after all. His creations, his labs, his company, his employees, his cheeseburgers and coffees (when was the last time he ate?). He can’t lose all of that to a self-centered, righteous asshole. He refused to. The last thing he heard before he fell asleep was “Dr.Stark? This is the Russian Police, we’re going to get you help, sir.” He smiled slightly. Thank God for the Accords, he had to inform Russia about his entry. “Call the Vision! Dr.Stark is losing consciousness!” Vision. Tony finally got some sleep. _-_-_-_ He wondered if he would ever wake up again when he closed his eyes in the bunker. But he’s Tony Stark he can damn well wake up some. He slowly blinked, everything was blurry and he heard jumbled words, he couldn’t make out anything. He tried to sit up but a familiar hand gently pushed him back down “T-Tony don’t sit up yet” Pepper. Pepper was here, wherever here was, so he was safe. “Pep?” Oh his voice sounded terrible. “Y-yeah and Rhodey, Happy and Peter.” She was crying atleast it sounded like she was crying everything was a blurry blob. “Mr. Stark!” Only one person would call him that. “Hey kid.” Tony smiled or tried to. “Tony, I believe the results would be more promising if you do not try to sit up.” Vision said gently, sweet Vision, always so considering. “Yeah, I believe that too. Ouch.” “Tones!” Rhodey. “I’m alive, Sour Patch. Next time, I’m definitely riding with you.” That received a wet chuckle or two. “Boss!” His baby girl FRIDAY must’ve b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
can be whatever thou wishes

freeform: 
BAMF Tony Stark
Merchant of Death Tony Stark
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Is Not Helping
dark! tony
ish
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
mentions of abuse
not wanda maximoff friendly
Team Cap can go die
Rated teen for language
Tony Stark takes no shit
Brainwashing
Attempted brainwashing at least
what can i say? I hate wanda
Evil team cap
but they don't realize it
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Permanent Injury
Amputation
Disabled Tony Stark
Frostbite has fucking consequences
So does fucking everything???
yet team cap evades them all?????
Bucky Barnes and Tony Stark are metal arm buddies
Sorry Not Sorry
Not Canon Compliant
no beta we're all gonna fucking die
The Author Regrets Nothing
Author Is Sleep Deprived
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Extremis Tony Stark
Tony's not a saint
Evil Plans
Awesome Tony Stark
BAMF FRIDAY
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Team Cap doesn't deserve Tony
Bucky punches Steve
make that a tag right now
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
Tony Stark is a bitch when he wants to be
Dr. Anthony Edward Stark is a thing in this fic
American representative Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
Don't Like Don't Read
Don't Examine This Too Closely
Medical Inaccuracies
Wanda is insane
I like Bucky so you shall like Bucky
actions have consequences
okie byebye im gonna go now
bucky is team iron man

fandom: 
can be whatever thou wishes

