Work Text:
"So," Tony said, and then stopped, because the morning sun was picking up glints in Steve's hair, and naked waking-up Steve was porn, he was better than porn, he was art.Steve smiled at him, sleep-rumpled and boyish, as if he hadn't been yelling Tony's name at the top of his voice last night."So?" Steve prompted."So last night --"Steve's next breath went in deep and came out on a sigh: "Yeah." Tony wondered which part he was remembering that made his eyes go heavy like that and how soon they could do it again."Last night, when you said -- exactly how much experience do you have?"Steve dropped eye contact. "Well, there was last night," he said to Tony's bedroom wall."And --" Tony said."And ... that's ... pretty much it. Some kissing. Not even deep kissing." He met Tony's eyes, and, misinterpreting his dropped jaw, added: "I was a little busy! And people didn't -- just -- it was a different time, and --""Oh, my god." It had been obvious that some of it had been new to him, but Tony's head had been too full of Yes to really pay attention. Fuck, he'd shoved Steve up against a wall and bitten him. They hadn't even gotten undressed until afterwards. "Oh, my god, Steve, if I had known that, I would have -- I can do so much better.""What? It was great. It was amazing," and there went the heavy eyelids again, with the addition of the swipe of his tongue over his lower lip."I can do better," he said again, and Steve snorted and said, "That's hard to believe."Well, that was a challenge, wasn't it? Tony was half on top of him before the words were done, pinning him to the bed. "So you'd never had anybody's tongue in your mouth before last night?""No," Steve said on a sigh, and Tony was burning up with the thought of all the other places where nobody's tongue had ever been. Last night, he'd had no idea why Steve had chosen him. Today, he was beginning to get an inkling. He wasn't about to waste this opportunity."So nobody," he said, bending to kiss Steve's flushed face, "ever," running his nose along Steve's cheek and jaw, "kissed your ears?""Oh," Steve said, and then, "Oh. Oh, Tony, that's -- ""Yeah," Tony breathed, and Steve shivered as the air passed over his ear, and, jesus, the last time ears had been this interesting, Tony had been in junior high."Wow," Steve said. "Let me -- I mean, I know you've probably done this a thousand times, that you're used to people with a lot more skill.""Fuck skill. Seriously. Skill is meaningless in sex." Steve paused in his rearranging of their bodies to give Tony a skeptical eyebrow. "Well, you do want somebody who can manage not to put an elbow in your eye, but -- yeah. Yeah, Steve, that's good." Steve was really exploring the whole ear thing, and maybe Tony had gotten too jaded, because he couldn't believe he'd been considering this one of the less interesting erogenous zones. "Talk to me, little bit. Not too loud.""I don't know what to say," Steve said in a low, confiding voice, and Tony shivered."It's not the content. The air feels good. Say anything. Say my name.""Tony," Steve sighed."Oh, god."Steve ran his hand up through the back of Tony's hair (a spot that was apparently on the same circuit as his ear, because, god, so good) and angled Tony's head to give him better access. "That's good?""So good."Tony opened his eyes when Steve raised his face, pink but determined. "Listen, Tony, I want you to teach me something."God, this was a kink he hadn't even known he had. "Anything, beautiful, name it."Steve kissed him, soft and shallow. "Something you like," he said against Tony's mouth. "Teach me to do something exactly the way you like it."Tony swallowed. "Wow. That's -- wow. Hell of an offer. OK, here, give me your hand."Steve pouted a little, but Tony was not going to be pushed into rushing. Eventually, when Steve had a little more experience, he was going to figure out how much better he could do than someone like Tony. But Tony was damned well going to see to it that he remembered his first time. All his first times. Steve couldn't have chosen a better teacher.Anyway, the first time Steve Rogers held another man's cock in his hand? That deserved to be savored.Warm hand, big hand, moving slow and gentle. "Yeah," Tony said, and Steve kissed him, and that was even better. "Yeah, yeah, I like that." Steve tightened his hand around Tony's cock. "Oh, yeah, like that.""Tony." Steve's voice was impatient but fond.Tony opened his eyes. "What?""You can't just say 'yeah' to everything.""But I like everything.""You're missing the point. This is your chance to have something exactly the way you like it."Sounded nice when he put it like that. "But why should you do all the work?""You did all the work last night.""Yeah, well, I'm a workaholic. I like it like that.""Yeah." Steve grinned. "I could tell. That's why I want to try it."Oh, now, that was very hot. "That's very hot, you know that? Little greed. Very good thing. OK, you've been very persuasive, now let me think." It wasn't
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Virginity
Don’t copy to another site
Second Time

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

