Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony is elbow deep in his latest project when FRIDAY cuts off his music. "Boss, I have an incoming call from May Parker."He looks up and checks the time. 8:04PM. Huh. Odd. May has early shifts this week. She should be getting ready for bed right about now. Maybe Peter’s in one of his moods again. The kid’s been touchy and distant for weeks now. Tony doesn’t know the full story, but he’s heard Happy mutter about the kid going sullen and irritable lately. "Put her through,” he calls out, focusing on his project. It’s delicate work, and part of him resents the interruption, but that’s the impulsive, selfish part he’s been learning to work against for a few years now. If May is calling him, then there’s a good reason for it.A second later, May's voice comes through the speakers built into the walls. "Tony?""Speaking." He goes back to work. Multitasking is as easy as breathing for him, and he really does want to get this done. The kid’s due to visit soon, and he does like having something on hand to show off. Maybe it’ll break him out of whatever funk he’s in and give Tony a chance to talk about whatever’s bothering him."Is Peter with you?" And there's something in her voice that catches his attention.Tony frowns, checking the soldering joints on his latest invention. The nanobots he created aren't capable of forming into a full suit yet, but he has managed to get them to form a gauntlet over his hand with a flick of his wrist. "No. He skipped his internship day this week. He has some big history project due tomorrow. Isn't he with that Ted kid?"He knows damn well what Ned's name is, but it's a habit to call him by the wrong name. With the added bonus of making Peter roll his eyes every time Tony says it near him. Tony has recently discovered the unbridled joy that comes with being the most embarrassing adult in a child’s life and has decided to fully embrace it. Such habits include mispronouncing names of treasured friends, wildly misusing memes, and offering unwanted advice in the most extravagant way possible. Tony’s used each one on the kid, first as a way to dial back Peter’s hero worship, and then because seeing Peter groan in teenage despair before fleeing to find Rhodey or Pepper has become one of his new favorite pastimes. Rhodey has started in on the teasing, too."Ned told me he left just before seven," May replies, half to herself. “We had another argument, but it wasn’t serious. Not as serious as last week, at least.”"I'm sure he's fine." A thought occurs to him and he smirks. "Doesn't that terrifying girl he talks to live close by? You sure he hasn't ducked off to see her? That was a favorite move of mine back in the day--fight with Dad and then sneak off to my girlfriend’s place."“Reasonably sure. He would have said something or texted me a blatant lie, at the very least. Even when we argue like this, he doesn’t just disappear. It’s not like him,” May replies, tense and tired. “He isn't out on patrol, is he?”Tony looks over his shoulder at the spider suit laid out across one of the work tables nearby. “No. We’re still patching up his suit from that pigeon incident. Which, by the way, I have a video of if you’d like to see it.”“No, not right now,” she says. “Just, if you hear from him, tell him to call me?”“You got it,” Tony says. “I’m sure he’ll be home soon, May.”“You’re probably right. Thanks.” With that, May hangs up and the line goes dead.Tony goes back to work. Or tries to. The phone call drags more and more of his attention away from his current project, and since said current project involves levels of electricity more than capable of reducing him to fine sand, that’s something of a problem. Three minutes after May ends the phone call, Tony lets out a frustrated sigh and shoves his stool away from the delicate work laid out on the table in front of him. He pulls off his safety glasses and runs his hand through his hair. Dammit, he can't focus. “FRIDAY, call the kid,” Tony says, idly wondering when exactly his regular anxiety grew to include the welfare of a sixteen year old vigilante. A sixteen year old vigilante who may yet be the death of him, judging by how incredibly stubborn the kid is. Also one apparently going through a delayed fit of teenage rebellion, which is healthy, but also nerve wracking.Of course, the answer to that is promptly supplied by his own memories of drafting the kid into a fight he had no business being in, but he ignores that. If he wanted to be introspective, he would drink. And he gave up drinking awhile ago.FRIDAY makes the connection. The phone doesn’t ring at all; it goes straight to voicemail. Okay, weird. The kid is practically glued to his phone; he wouldn’t turn it off. And the phone he gave Peter has enough battery life to last literal months without a charge. It’s possible he broke it, though; it wouldn’t be the first time. The kid is almost as strong as Steve Rogers and he still has that teenage clumsiness haunting him, despite
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Whump
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Presumed Dead
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Grief/Mourning
Peter Parker has the Venom Symbiote
Flash Thompson Redemption
BAMF Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

