Chapter 1: Innocence
    


Notes:
A girl walks into a bar....

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
He smelled the innocence as soon as it walked into the bar.It stood out over all the olfactory noise: the unwashed bodies of the men and women present, the stale beer and piss, the blood and the blood lust. The scent was distinct, and the Wolverine took notice. It was a girl; she smelled young as well as innocent. She needed a bath. She was hungry and scared, but also determined. There was something else, too, something that called to the Wolverine.And she was coming closer.Logan forced himself to not move his body in any way that could possibly acknowledge her presence. The Wolverine was close to the surface; cage fighting was for him, after all. He kept a long but firm leash on the animal inside him, needing to make sure that the claws didn’t come out, that the fights were believable for a normal human, and now to keep him from rushing over to explore that innocent smell and claim it. There would be time for that later. He still hadn’t secured this fight. He took another shot.The surge of excitement in the crowd, both in sound and smell, redirected the Wolverine’s attention back to the inside of the cage. A new fighter had walked in, overconfident and drunk. As the bell rang, he realized that his mate’s scent was right next to the cage. The thought shocked him so much that his opponent got the drop on him, and he let himself take the beating. My mate? What the fuck. I don’t even know what she looks like. He instinctively curled around the kicks as his body was pushed closer to her, and her scent kept him almost paralyzed as he struggled to keep the Wolverine in check, to keep him from slashing through the cage and pulling her to him. He’d never reacted like this to anyone before. What the ever-loving fuck.He was brought back to the fight when the guy kicked him in the nuts. Wolverine was furious, and now wanted to both defend himself and eliminate the possible threat to his mate. Logan stood up and ended it quickly, using the weight of his metal skeleton to put the guy down. The girl’s scent was now…excited? Curious? He went back to the corner and took a shot as he realized what he was smelling. Turned on? Christ. He still didn’t look at her. The Wolverine, unsatisfied at how brief and unchallenging the fight was, wanted to rush over and claim her in front of everyone. It was all Logan could do to keep him under control. He could handle individual fights, and wasn’t even concerned if the whole bar came for him, but he felt protective of this girl, and he didn’t know why, and he didn’t want to explore it. She was the last thing he needed. He could barely control the Wolverine as it was, and to have that girl’s scent around him was maddening. My mate. Need to protect her, need to claim her. He lit a cigar and breathed the smoke in deeply, trying to obscure the scent. His other hand gripped onto the cage in front of him.He stayed that way as the crowd dispersed, focusing on the girl’s scent. When she started to move away, he finally allowed himself to look at her back. He saw a green hooded coat obscuring a slight frame, and a large duffel on her back. So she’s running from something. Or to something. He watched her out of the corner of his eye as she went to the bar and ordered a water. Her voice was soft and timid, and the crowd was loud, but he had been focusing on hearing it and had to fight a new surge of energy from the Wolverine, who again wanted to run and claim her. He didn’t move until the owner came and got him.“I’ve got your winnings, son.” The man smelled afraid, but pleased. Logan wasn’t the only one who had won that night. He grunted and stood up, following the owner to the back of the bar to collect his money and his clothes. Maybe if I take my time she’ll be gone by the time I come out. The Wolverine growled and pulled against his chain, but Logan had regained complete control. He didn’t look at the bar—or the girl—as he walked out of the cage.An hour later he had money and clothes. Some cage bunny had come on to him and he had let her suck him off in the bathroom. Wolverine had been angry, fighting because the smell of the woman in front of him was not the smell of the girl in the bar. It hadn’t been satisfying by any degree, but it had taken the edge off. Logan hoped that girl was gone, because he wasn’t sure he’d be able to contain himself if she was still there. Wolverine wanted to track her no matter where she went. Logan knew that it was a terrible idea. The last thing he needed was to be chained to some girl while on the fighting circuit. With the way she smelled, she wouldn’t be able to handle herself, and he couldn’t fight if he was worried about someone. Besides, her innocence would probably pull all the assholes out of the woodwork. He didn’t want to fight if he wasn’t getting paid for it.Jesus Christ, what was he thinking? He didn’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Logan/Rogue (X-Men)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon
shipperific
Fix-It
somewhat of a slow burn
way less sex than I want tbh
That underage warning is real
Light BDSM

fandom: 
Logan/Rogue (X-Men)

