Work Text:
It started out as a team bonding thing, nothing more. With Steve and Sam off-and-on traveling as they looked for the Winter Soldier, Natasha trying to find herself and Clint recovering from having lost himself, Tony and Pepper's commitments to SI and to each other, Bruce's charity work and Thor's exploration of Midgard (which mostly consisted of following Jane around to conferences and fellowships), it was tough to really feel like a team. Even though technically they lived together, it was rare more than three or four of them were there at any given time.So Steve had taken the problem to Tony, and together they'd come up with team dinner -- hopefully once a week but at least twice a month, no exceptions, everyone came back to Manhattan and they went out to eat, with Tony footing the bill. They tried to find new places each time, to keep things interesting, and sometimes they had a great meal and sometimes they had a disaster, but at least the experiences were shared. It had been Clint's turn to pick, and he'd suggested a little barbecue joint in Hoboken that he swore did the best vinegar barbecue outside of Kansas. When they arrived, they found out that Louie's Smokehouse also offered a "special" -- if you could eat their five pound pulled-pork sandwich, your entire party ate free, and you got a souvenir t-shirt."What's the point of it?" Steve asked, looking at the menu in confusion."It's an accomplishment," Clint said. "It's, you know, a challenge to conquer.""It can't be...comfortable," Pepper said. "Comfort isn't really the goal," Tony replied. "I mean, if you've got eight college kids eating here and one of them wins the challenge, everyone eats free. You could make some money doing that -- winner takes five bucks from everyone who would normally spend ten bucks on a meal, kind of a thing." "You could make a dollar out of owing someone ten cents," Steve said, amused."My secondary mutation is greed," Tony replied. "That's only if you manage to eat it," Natasha said. "Otherwise it'll cost you twenty dollars for the pleasure of making yourself sick on pulled pork.""Well, all investment has risk," Tony said. "I just don't see why anyone would find it appealing," Steve said. "Honestly. Four pounds of pulled pork topped with a pound of slaw on a special-made bun, and half a pound of shoe-string french fries," he read. "Water will be supplied. Must be eaten in under an hour. Void if you puke." He wrinkled his nose. "Well, some people are competitive," Tony said, with a wink at Clint and Sam. "If you're not up to the challenge, you're not. Get some ribs instead," Sam suggested. "Oh, I could do it," Steve said. "I just don't see why anyone would.""Easy when you're not putting your money where your mouth is," Clint put in. "Anyone can say they can eat five pounds of sandwich.""You think I couldn't?" Steve asked, eyebrow raised. "I think you're scared to try," Clint replied. "Are you afraid of a meal?" Thor asked, looking at Steve curiously."I'm not afraid! What's the sense in being afraid of a five pound sandwich? It's just a sandwich.""Sez you," Sam said. "I saw Riley try a four-pound cheeseburger challenge when we were on leave in Boston once. He gave up halfway through.""Don't listen to them, Steve, they're just being macho," Natasha said, hiding a smile behind her menu. "I'm willing to put money on it," Tony announced. "I'm paying anyway. If you fail, I'm only out a little more than normal.""I'm telling you I could do it," Steve retorted. "I believe you," Thor said loyally. "It is a mighty feat to attempt. Worthy of your stature." "So are you gonna order it, or just sit around talking about it?" Sam asked, a challenge in his face. Steve set his jaw. "Ma'am?" he called, and the waitress sauntered over. "About the five pound challenge. Is there any special setup or anything?"She looked him up and down. "You sure you wanna try, string bean?"Tony made an oh no she didn't face at Sam, who looked like he was about to lose his shit laughing. It had taken them ten minutes to accomplish what she did with a single sentence."Yes, ma'am," he said, sitting up straighter. "Well, it'll take a few extra minutes. I'll put in the order now and let you all decide what you want," she said, and headed for the kitchen. Steve had a steely look in his eye. His meal arrived with everyone else's, but on a special tray, with a timer next to the plate. A pitcher of water was set in front of him, and the waitress, with great ceremony, leaned over and started the timer."You got an hour. Nobody helps," she warned, as Steve started to eat. "You gotta finish everything on your plate. When you're ready to give up, you just yell and we'll get someone to roll you out of here." Steve, mouth full of slaw and pork, nodded agreeably. The rest of them barely ate as they watched him go. "I should have ordered one as well," Thor said mournfully. "We could have raced.""That is the worst idea in the history of ever," Tony replied."Totally doi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Eating
Food
Competition
steve rogers human eating machine

fandom: 
None
