Chapter 1: Chapter I -The beginning
    




Chapter Text
 
 The beginning 
 The annual benefit party organized by SI in collaboration with the Maria Stark foundation for social minorities gathered only the best of the American elite and reminded Peter - intern in the first year of internship, with no chance to reach the top of the monsters sacred of technology and engineering - a great circus of clowns. It was a continuum of gaudy and pompous dresses, in a symphony of sequins and rhinestones.Most of the guests didn't care philanthropy, they were all ready to show off for the cameras of some gossip magazine.The temptation not to show up was very strong. He had thought of faking a family crisis, a bad flu, or why not the sudden death of a very distant relative. The truth is these parties weren't for him, he wasn't the champagne type or the classic man who dominated the scene with his charm. He wasn't even of drinking age, he was only sixteen - SI's youngest employee - all he wanted to do was tinker with technology and watch a Star Wars marathon.The only reason he was there, in a remote corner of the room, was the threats from his department head, who had specifically pointed out that the one who didn't show up would have all the worst shifts for the next quarter and Peter didn't want to be the sacrificial lamb.The plan was simple, really. He would spend two hours with a glass of soda - from the moment he was not allowed alcohol, and Peter would not have touched a drop of alcohol anyway, his aunt May would have beheaded him - in total invisibility, he would say goodbye to his department head and when everyone was drunk enough he would sneak away. The only positive note was a possible appearance of Mr. Stark, but even here, there was no way he could really get close to the man.Peter was deeply impressed by the man's refusal to join the Avengers initiative - announced at a press conference shortly after the invasion of New York - but the whole world had seen Captain America close the portal with Iron Man still in the sky, so Peter thought was fair. He was still resentful of the stars and stripes hero because honestly Tony Stark was his favorite, before Thor or the Hulk, even before the man became Iron Man. To fascinate the young man were the innovative texts and the great skill of the genius in being able to make everything seem so simple, there was a saying that went around in university salons and in STEM high schools like the one he attended: “if it breaks the laws of physics, it is was created by a Stark.”During the party an orchestra played without the slightest attention from the audience, Peter wondered if even on the Titanic the musicians were being ignored like that as the ocean liner sank. The door was a great temptation. It enticed him to return to the modest apartment in Queens where he lived with his aunt, the only surviving relative. Talking about his family was always a sore point.To make matters worse, an elderly lady, wrapped in frills and frou-frou, was constantly throwing lewd glances at him and the more she licked her lips the more Peter felt like throwing up the salmon canapés he had eaten. Come on Peter. Just hold out a few hours. You can do it! He repeated itself like a mantra as he raised his glass, embarrassed to return the lady's greeting. You are Spider-Man. You can face this stupid party. Yes, because despite being an anonymous kid from Queens; Peter Parker had been Spider-Man for just under a year. It was all due to his bad luck and a trip to the "new" Oscorp Tower - which Peter called a bad copy of the Stark Tower - with his chemistry class.After exactly two hours Peter's feet ached and, he feared facial paralysis  for forcing a smile in front of his department head. He hated pretending to have fun, and the man continues to entertain Peter with his pointless talk.He couldn't shake the feeling that something bad was going to happen, he could feel his senses tingling in alert. His improved hearing could hear every laugh, every grunt and whisper.He turned his head first to the right and then to the left, trying to figure out where the danger was coming from. You're just paranoid Parker.He had witnessed Justin Hammer being dragged out of security completely drunk - the boy believed the man was still in prison for the Vanko affair and the Stark Expo disaster, but apparently he wasn't.Mr. Stark was nowhere to be seen, was the billionaire allowed not to show up to his own party? Probably. Peter swore he saw the black widow, impeccable and deadly, pass by him on his way to the exit with a very disappointed expression.
 It's done now. Another ten minutes and I can finally go home. 
Peter felt a shiver run down his spine before a male voice echoed across the hall in a strong foreign accent «EVERYONE STOPS! Nobody move or I’ll shoot!»The exits were barred by men dressed in black holding a rifle, one of them walking around the crowd forcefully picking up jewels from the ladies' necks.Miss Potts
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
What-If
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Pepper Potts
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Canon-Typical Violence
BAMF Peter Parker
Intern Peter Parker
Stark Industries
Tags May Change
Fluff and Angst
Precious Peter Parker
not SHIELD friendly
Irondad
spiderson
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Genius Tony Stark
Genius Peter Parker
Hydra (Marvel)
I'm not sure it's friendly to the Avengers - probably not!
Team Tony Stark
Peter Parker Feels
Rewritten Timeline
Tony Stark & Thor Friendship
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
not team Cap friendly
Angst and Feels
Family Feels
Adoption
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

