Work Text:
  Peter loved Asgard. It was beyond everything that he had read about the place in books, not that there were many to begin with. The views were spectacular and as hard as he tried, his phone could not capture the beauty that was this place. He was sure that Ned would absolutely lose his shit when he saw the photos and it would end up being a screensaver for the next few months. Peter could spend hours just looking at the scenery around him, drinking it all in. But he didn’t have the time to do that because there was so much to see and do and both Thor and Loki were intent to showing it all to him. They took him through the markets where Peter got to mingle with the people who in turn seemed to adore him. They offered him free things, Peter taking them so not to offend them but felt extremely guilty for taking them for free and gave them to the young kids who trailed after them, giggling. Thor introduced him to many people, Peter struggling to remember all their names while Loki showed him all the secret places that Asgard had to offer. Peter was never more grateful for his metabolism. The food was incredible, Peter tastebuds craving at the delicious meats and treats that he was introduced to. It was the best weekend he had ever had. Peter never wanted to leave but knew that he had to be going home at some point. Thinking on it, Peter actually had no idea when he was supposed to return to Earth. He hadn’t even had a chance to say goodbye to Pepper or Tony before Thor had appeared and whisked him up to the great city. It was hard not to get caught up in the God’s excitement. “Mr Thor, sir?” Peter asked as he trailed after the God through the city. “Yes, young Stark?” Thor boomed. “Umm, yeah, about Mr. Stark,” Peter said. “What time was he expecting me home?” Thor frowned, coming to a halt next to a market stall where a woman appeared to be selling some kind of shawls. “I am not sure.” Loki who had been scanning the area paused and turned to fully face his brother. “What do you mean, you aren’t sure?” “I am sure any time would be acceptable,” Thor scratched the back of his neck. “There is still so much to see!” “I have a test at school tomorrow,” Peter said. “and I did kind of tell Mr. Stark that I would study for it.” “What do you need study for?” Thor boomed. “You are the smartest youngling I know.” Peter blushed at the praise. “Thanks Mr. Thor.” “Thor,” Loki eyes were narrowed in a glare. “You did tell Stark that you were bringing the boy here, didn’t you?” “I was going to get around to it,” Thor mumbled. “At some point.” “Thor you buffoon,” Loki hissed. “Wait – Mr. Stark doesn’t know I’m here?” Peter yelped, face falling. “It may have slipped my mind to ask for permission,” Thor said sheepishly. “But I recalled your excitement for visiting Asgard and wished for you to experience my home.” “And I’ve love it,” Peter rushed to sooth Thor. “Every second of it!” “Thor, go and tell Stark you have the child here before he panics,” Loki barked. “Oh, it’s way too late for that,” Peter winced. “Mr. Stark is going to be so mad at me.” “Fear not,” Thor said, sticking out his hand. “I shall smooth things over.” His hammer came soaring into his hand and in an instant, he was flying off leaving Peter with Loki. “I would take a good look around Peter,” Loki said, face grim. “I doubt Stark or Potts will be letting you out any time soon.” “Yeah,” Peter said forlornly. He turned to the stall behind them. “Do you think it would help if I got Pepper this shawl?” “It couldn’t hurt,” Loki said.  It had been nearing three days and there was no sign of Peter. When Peter hadn’t come home after school, Tony had assumed that he was spending time with Ned and simply forgot to text. There had been no alert from his AI that he was in the suit, so patrolling had been out of the question. When dinner had rolled around and Pepper asked where Peter was, a small spark of panic started in Tony’s chest. Pepper had called Ned, but the boy hadn’t seen his best friend since they parted ways at the school gate. When ten o’clock had rolled around and there was still no word or text from Peter, Tony had donned his suit and gone searching while Pepper remained to contact MJ to see if she had seen Peter. It was as if Peter had disappeared without a trace. When Peter still hadn’t shown up on Saturday morning, Tony had called in Rhodey and the Avengers and had them searching everywhere. As the day went on, Tony’s panic continued to rise as there was simply no trace of the kid. They couldn’t even find him on a security camera. Tony had vowed to May and Ben Parkers headstones that he would take care of their nephew. And for the last eight months, Tony thought he had been doing okay. He had gotten Peter through the grief of losing yet another parental figure and with Pepper’s help they had gotten him back into a routine and they had become a family. Saturday had rolled into Sunday and Tony took in the red eyes of his fiancé and the stress lines 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Protective Pepper Potts
Family Feels
Family Fluff
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Loki is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Asgard (Marvel)
Fluff
Heartwarming

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

