Work Text:
  Of all the places Tony Stark thought he would run into Peter Parker, it wasn’t here. After the disastrous trip to Germany and dropping the kid back outside his apartment with the new suit and the promise that someone would call him, that had been that. He put Happy in charge of the kid but after three months of hearing nothing, Tony was a little confused. He may not have known the kid for long, but Tony was sure that Peter had been excited about the prospect of working with him, if the kids video diary was anything to go by. Tony knew that Peter was still being Spider-Man because FRIDAY would alert him to any knew videos that popped up. While he had put Happy as the kids’ direct contact, he still liked to keep an eye on the kid. He went on regular patrols, stayed within Queens and for an untrained enhanced vigilante he was sticking with helping the little guy. Tony was impressed. After three months of radio silence from the kid, Tony was starting to get a little, not concerned but something like that. He knew what Peter was capable of and hoped that if the kid really was in trouble, he would have the sense to call. And yet, Tony couldn’t help the nagging feeling that something was wrong. “You sure you haven’t heard anything from Peter?” Tony asked Happy one afternoon. “Nothing,” Happy said. “Easiest babysitting job you’ve given me.” Tony was going to drop by Queens and go see the kid person. Maybe he had been too quick to pass the kid off to Happy. But at the time he had too much going on, what with Rhodey being injured, Captain America and his merry band of idiots being on the loose and those damn Accords. But after a few months, life had somewhat settled down and Tony couldn’t stop thinking about the kid. Then Arnold Callwater came onto his radar and Tony had to put his meet and greet with Peter on the backburner. The name had been familiar, a man that Tony had met once upon a time at a conference, the man holding little interest to a young Tony Stark in the middle of his Playboy days. One again Tony felt as if his past was coming back to bite him in the ass as he should have been paying attention to the man. But Tony had dismissed him as he seemed too focused on psych science rather than engineering which Tony was far more interested in. A recent string of break in’s into high profiled science labs had Tony taking extra precautions to make sure that SI was secure, but it was the rather abrupt suicides that followed the break in’s that had Tony digging deeper. Why kill yourself when you took the time and effort into stealing something so high profile? Tony was not one for beating around the bush and after some deep search dives it hadn’t taken him long to find a name that connected all of them together. Arnold Callwater. Not wanting to waste any time, Tony had driven himself down to the mediocre lab of Callwater for a chat. He had not expected to see Peter there. “Stark,” Callwater greeted, looking surprised. “What an unexpected surprise.” Tony played it casual, giving a press smile to the man. “Callwater,” he gave a single nod. “When I heard you had a lab here in Queens, I thought I would drop by and say hello. For old time’s sake.” “You remember me?” Callwater asked, bushy eyebrows shooting up in surprise. “Of course,” Tony smiled. “At the time of our meeting you were looking matching brainwaves with another person in hopes of achieving some, mind reading was it? Something along those lines.” Callwater shifted slightly and nodded. “Ah yes. An old dream. I’m surprised you remembered. I remember you brushing me off when I asked your help in building a scanner.” Tony gave another easy shrug. “I’ve been wrong before; I can admit that. What are you working on now?” “Nothing that would interest you,” Callwater tried to brush off. “To psychological for your tastes I would say.” “And who’s this?” Tony asked, turning to Peter. Tony had been right that the kid was smart because Peter straightened as both men turned to him and held out his hand to Tony. “Peter Parker, sir,” Peter said, shaking Tony’s hand for show. “I’m Mr. Call water’s Intern.” “Such a bright young lad,” Callwater said, eyes brightening in a way that made Tony uneasy. “Goes to Midtown School of Science and Technology.” “Mr. Callwater was looking for interns,” Peter explained, eyes not leaving Tony’s in a way that he knew the kid was trying to communicate something important. “I was very lucky that he was taking high school students. Such a good way to gain some experience in the industry before deciding which avenue to take.” “I know exactly what you mean,” Tony said. “Stark Industries is looking to extend the same opportunities. You’re welcome, Peter, to come and have a look at it sometime.” “Ah yes,” Callwater said, hand coming to land on Peter’s shoulder, unaware that the action made the kid flinch, but Tony caught it. “Excellent opportunity but I’m afraid I’ve already scooped Peter up.” “Always nice to know you have options,” Tony
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Miscommunication
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Tony Stark is trying his best
Minor Violence
Mentioned suicide
NO character deaths
Triggers
Mind Manipulation
Mind Games
Eventual Fluff
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

