Chapter 1: Nightmares
    




Chapter Text
It was the middle of the night, and Peter suddenly stirred from his peaceful sleep from the sound of creaking in his small studio apartment. His eyes squinted open and he peered through the darkness from his bed, not sure if he actually heard something or if he was just delusional after a hard night of crime fighting. His tired eyes scanned the room, not detecting movement or anything out of place.

He sighed, believing it was nothing and rolled over from his stomach to his back. His heavy eyelids closed, and Peter slowly began to drift back into slumber.Then Peter heard it again and his eyes shot open. The subtle sound of creaking seemed to be coming from the far corner of the room, and now Peter was wide awake. He leaned up from his bed and examined the corner intensely. “Who’s there?” he ordered, his voice quiet and shaky but still firm. There was no answer. His spider sense wasn’t going off either, but Peter knew he heard something. Something, someone was there. Peter shifted his position and swung his legs off the edge of the bed. He kept his eyes on the corner as he stood, leaving his warm covers behind. That’s when he noticed the unusual breeze flowing through the room that hit his body, which was only covered by a pair of boxers. He glanced at the window and his heart skipped a beat. Peter didn’t notice it before, but the shifting window curtains were a dead giveaway. His window was wide open. Peter hurried to the light switch a few feet from the bed, turning his back to the corner for only a second, and flipped it on. When he turned back around, he saw that the corner was empty, but the curtains on his window suddenly blew in the opposite direction as if someone just hopped out. Peter ran to the window and poked his head out. There was no one on the fire escape. But that was impossible. Peter lived on the 13th floor of a 20 story building. He stood there, examining the streets below him. There was nothing. The streets were surprisingly quiet and empty. Whoever might have been there was gone, at least for now.Peter leaned back from his window to close and lock it. He sighed, then rested his forehead against the cool glass. There was someone there. Peter wasn’t crazy. Right? He turned his attention back to the corner, which was now empty. He reached his arm out and placed his palm against the wall. His room was freezing cold with the window being open for who knows how long, but this particular corner was very, very warm. As if someone had been there for some time, leaning against it. A shiver ran through Peter’s body. Someone had been there after all. In his room. Watching him sleep! Peter removed his hand, almost disgusted by the onlooker’s remaining heat, and walked back to his bed. He put his covers over his shoulders and took a seat. And now Peter had to think. He had to think hard because now someone knew where he lived and his secret identity was at risk. It couldn’t have been a random criminal. Peter would have easily caught them on the fire escape. It had to be a supervillain. Was it Doc Oc? No. His mechanical arms were loud and clinked when they moved. Peter would have heard that. The Green Goblin was a possibility. Then again, Peter didn’t hear the humming of his hoverboard. Plus his spider sense would have gone off almost instantly if he ever got that close.He sighed and pulled his legs into his chest. There were so many people out to get him. It could have been anyone. And what if they came back? Peter shivered under his covers at the thought. He didn’t want to stick around for that. Then again, he was Spiderman. He defended people who couldn’t defend themselves. He was too strong to be helpless, and he wouldn’t be helpless.Peter stood from his bed and went over to his closet. He grabbed the gloves of his Spiderman suit, which had his web shooters connected to them. Once they were on, Peter made sure that his window and door were locked. He then turned on every light in his small apartment, all while trying not to think about his electric bill.Peter sat back down on his bed, satisfied with the condition of his room. There was not one part of his apartment that was hidden by shadows.But now he was tired. He threw his covers around his shoulders and leaned his head back against the wall behind him. A tired sigh left his lips as he settled comfortably in his new position. His heavy eyelids were suddenly more present, and Peter was now more ready than ever to fall asleep again. He settled for resting his eyes, or at least that was the plan. A few moments later and Peter had drifted off to sleep once more. The rest of the night was quiet, and Peter was able to rest without disruption.///That night, Peter dreamt he was standing on top of a rooftop in the middle of the night, his favorite mercenary holding him tight, protecting him from the cold or anything else that might have been there to hurt him.  Wade. Oh, how he missed Wade. He had only been gon
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Eddie Brock/Symbiote
Spider-Man/Venom

freeform: 
Stalking
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Hiding
Unrequited Love
Running Away
Hunting
Nightmares
Phone Calls & Telephones
Heartbreak
Angst
Revenge
Pain
Sadness
SO MUCH SADNESS
Boo-hoo
Happy Ending
Sort Of
Depends on how you look at it
Okay not really happy ending
Rape/Non-con Elements
Foreshadowing

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Eddie Brock/Symbiote
Spider-Man/Venom

