Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He woke up in a cage. It was dark and dirty, but a small beam of light slipped in through a crack. Heart pounding in his chest, Peter felt around the small space, knocking his head against the low top. He couldn't find the latch to the door. He was too dizzy, too disoriented. He looked out through the crack, a gap where the blanket that covered the cage had slipped.Through the gap, he could see stairs and a door with light coming in through the gap in the bottom.The room smelled so strongly of dogs that he wasn’t sure how he hadn’t noticed it first. He must have gotten used to it while he slept. He tried again to find the latch and this time his fingers curled around it. He pulled, but it wouldn't move. He felt some more and found a padlock keeping the latch locked to the side of the cage. He couldn't open it. He was trapped."Hello?" he called out. "Anyone there? Please!" He whimpered. Where was he and why was he in a cage? He couldn't remember anything.He screamed for help, calling out until his throat was sore and he felt dizzy. Finally, the door opened and someone came down the stairs."Please, please help me! Let me out please!"A man came stood in front of the cage. He pulled back the blanket and looked down at him."Please, sir," Peter begged. His whole body trembled. "Please let me out.""Awake already, baby?" He crouched in front of Peter's cage. He smelled good, like rich cologne. "You comfy?""Please... why am I here? What's going on?""Shh, don't you worry about things like that. It would be in your best interest to get some more sleep.""Please let me out, sir. Please. Let me go home, I won't tell anyone, please."The man smiled. His eyes looked him up and down. "Huh. Didn't realize your voice would be so high and sweet. That's gonna sound real pretty when I put you to work.""What do you mean?"The man stood up, already walking away."Please, sir. Let me go!"He smirked. Then he turned away and went back up the stairs, ignoring how Peter cried and shook the cage. He curled himself into a ball and cried, hyperventilating until he passed out.When he woke the man was back again. He sat at a table across the room, doing something on his phone. He looked up when Peter moved. Peter shuddered as he caught his eye. The man came to crouch in front of Peter's cage."You must be hungry."Peter nodded. He didn't know what to say, but he didn’t think there was anything he could say that would help him."Now's as good a time as any to start training you. If you can listen, you'll get fed, if you can't, then we'll try again tomorrow. Got it?"Peter nodded again. "Yes, sir," his voice was hoarse."Good."He took a key from his pocket and unlocked the cage. He stuck the lock in his pocket and opened the door.Peter crawled out. His legs ached as he tried to stand."Nope," the man kicked his shin and Peter fell forward onto his hands. "You stay down there. Crawl."Peter swallowed. He felt dizzy and confused. His legs hurt from being cramped. Afraid to get kicked again, he slowly stretched each leg, stretching them out behind him."Good, bitch. Glad to see you can learn."Peter shuddered."Come here." The man walked away, patting the side of his leg.Peter followed."Sit," he said.Peter cringed. The frown he got made him anxious, but he sat where he was told, legs folded under him."Good bitch." The man rubbed his head like he was a dog. Peter sobbed."Please," he gasped."Ah ah, none of that. Now, roll over, bitch."He couldn't move. He was afraid and humiliated and he didn't know what to do. He wanted to run away, but he couldn't move his legs. He was frozen. The man made an irritated sound. Then he kicked him in the ribs, knocking him over.Peter gasped. His chest wheezed as he tried to breathe. Panic gave him strength and he climbed to his feet and ran, looking for the door and gunning it. It was locked. He jiggled the handle desperately."Get over here," the man growled.Peter closed his eyes. His heart pounded. He wished he would just wake up from this nightmare already. A rough hand grabbed his hair and dragged him backward down the stairs. He was thrown to the ground, head spinning when it hit the cement."I was going to warm you up to it first, but maybe there's only one way to break a bitch," the man growled.Peter fought, but regardless of how he struggled the man was able to pin him and tie his hands behind his back. He screamed and tried to squirm away."Shut up!"He tied Peter's hands behind his back and his ankles were tied to his wrists leaving him hogtied. The man walked away. Peter couldn't see him anymore."Please let me go," he whimpered."Sorry, baby, but you're not going anywhere." Peter shuddered to hear his voice behind him. He squirmed as something was stuffed into his mouth and tied around his head. A rubber bit squeezed between his lips while leather wrapped around his jaw and held his mouth shut. He panicked for a moment.The man stroked his shoulder cooing, "It's okay, baby. You're alright. Just r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Other(s)

freeform: 
Bestiality
Amputation
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Kidnapping
Sadism
Mind Break
Rough Sex
Knotting
Piercings
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Dehumanization

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Other(s)

