Chapter 1: As The Ash Falls
    


Summary:

Peter deals with the aftermath of the snap.



Notes:
Hello Everyone this is my first Marvel fanfiction. As you could probably tell from the summary, yes this is a tony got dusted peter didn't story. I've gained a lot of inspiration to start my own story from peterstank. They're another creator hear on AO3. You should totally go check out the stories over on the account. I hope you all enjoy this first chapter, its over 12,000 words long




Chapter Text
   The pain came to the teen in waves. Peter didn't fully understand the concept of starving to death until he got onto this ship. It's where your body literally eats away at itself because you don't take in enough nutrients. It slowly saps your energy away until you can barely lift your finger. It slowly, painfully, kills you.    He's been stuck on the ship with Nebula for at least three weeks. If his internal clock is right, but he could be wrong since you know, he can't really tell if it's day or night.   Three weeks of slowly dying, three weeks of trying to fix a ship that can't be fixed, three weeks of just staring at nothing, in space, hoping for some reason that everything is gonna be ok, three weeks of berating and blaming himself for not being good enough, three weeks without Tony...   He shook his head from his position against the wall. He can't think like that or he'll keep on spiraling until he's full blown panicking. He doesn't want to worry Nebula more than she already does.  Over the past three weeks the two of them have gotten a lot closer. They've had a lot of...bonding time on their hands.   It started off a couple days after they left Titan. Peter just got done fixing the cracked fuel cells so they could squeeze in at least another two to three more days of actually flying through space.   He walked off towards the cockpit of the spaceship, but found Nebula instead. She's staring outside the window watching as all the stars zip by them. He slowly walked his way over to her and they stand there together.   They stand in silence for a couple minutes until Nebula starts talking.   "I resent my father. For what he did to the whole universe, to me and my sister, to you. I could have stopped him." Nebula whispered, almost as if she was afraid to talk any louder.    Peter turned and looked at her, he may act stupid and reckless most times, but he isn't dumb. He can read people really well and he knows that she needs some sort of reassurance.   "You shouldn't blame yourself for this. It's not your fault that your dad is a crazy, mad psychopath. It's not like you wanted to snap. And even if you did help him somewhere along the way, you most likely didn't have a choice in the matter, right? So really don't blame yourself and..a-and I'm rambling again sorry it's just I tend to do this a lot when y-you know I'm nervous or..and I'm still doing it, I'm gonna shut up now." Peter while finally breaking eye contact with her. Sporting a blush along his cheeks.    Nebula cracks a small smile at him and turns to stare back out the window.    Ever since then, the two have gotten along Great together. They play stupid games that he knows and he sits there and listens to her complain about how humans are dumb, he laughs when she says something hilarious and she cracks a small smile, they try to fix the ship together even though both of them know it's a loss cause.    The hardest part is the food. You would think the hardest part would actually be watching your mentor/father figure crumble to dust and cease to exist...but this, these hunger pains trump the pain of that (Maybe). Hunger is the real killer for him. It's ten times worse for him because any normal human needs three meals a day but him, no he needs at least five to have all his energy.   He knows Nebula worries over him because of it. He can see it every time he stumbles around the ship, every time he bumps into something or drops something. He can always see the worry on her face, even if she doesn't actually voice any of her concerns.   He knows she gives him larger shares of the food on board but when he tried to tell her that it was ok and that she didn't have to do that, she didn't listen to him. He doesn't know if she needs more or less food than a human but she looks...decent for having only small portion sizes. So he let the matter drop.   Their last drink was three days ago and their last meal was four. He doesn't really know how long he can survive without food but if his calculations are correct...he's not gonna last two more days on this godforsaken ship.   And that brings us to where we are now. Peter lying on the cool, metal wall looking at nothing in particular. His cheeks are sunken, he has bags underneath his eyes that looks like he's been sucker punched, you can see all his ribs poking out of his chest, and he's lost so much weight that he looks like a walking talking skeleton...well more like a stumbling silent skeleton, but semantics rea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Kate Bishop & Peter Parker
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Cassie Lang & Peter Parker
Nathaniel Richards & Peter Parker
Karolina Dean & Peter Parker
Victor Mancha & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Jessica Jones
Luke Cage & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Felicia Hardy & Peter Parker

freeform: 
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Fluff
Angst
Temporary Character Death
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Protective Pepper Potts
Awesome Pepper Potts
Parent Pepper Potts
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Adorable Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Big Brother Peter Parker
Parent Peter Parker
Genius Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Angst with a Happy Ending
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
BAMF Gwen Stacy
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Hurt Ned Leeds
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Hurt Michelle Jones
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
BAMF Michelle Jones
Flash Thompson Redemption
Thaddeus Ross is an asshole
Avengers Family
New Avengers
Sad Gwen Stacy
Hurt Gwen Stacy
Pregnant Gwen Stacy
Pregnancy
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Romanov Feels
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark are Siblings (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker Acting as Morgan Stark’s Parental Figure
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Nick Fury
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Nick Fury Knows All
BAMF Mary Parker
Mary Parker & Peter Parker Friendship
Mary Parker is Trying Her Best
Spy Natasha Romanov
spy Peter Parker
Gwen Stacy is Awesome With Kids
Peter Parker is Awesome With Kids
The Defenders - Freeform
Vigilantism
BAMF Jessica Jones
Alcoholic Jessica Jones
Claire Temple is So Done
Superhero Babysitter Claire Temple
BAMF Claire Temple
Awesome Karen Page
Team Red
Wade Wilson Breaking the Fourth Wall
Wade Wilson is a Good Friend
Matt Murdock is a Good Bro
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson Friendship

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Kate Bishop & Peter Parker
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Cassie Lang & Peter Parker
Nathaniel Richards & Peter Parker
Karolina Dean & Peter Parker
Victor Mancha & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Jessica Jones
Luke Cage & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Felicia Hardy & Peter Parker

