Chapter 1



Notes:
This is the true 'second installment' of this universe. As you can see it is the longest and it has a lot going on. This story begins and stays just as fluffy as the first for most of it's duration but it should be said that this universe is not immune to the struggles these characters go through. There will be action, drama, and angst in this story. It will be very intense but also well marked. The good news is, true to the form of the first story, everything will turn out fine by the end of the second part. The Winter Soldier Goes Public has a second part which will make the things that happen in this story all better. So be warned it's darker but if you get through the turmoil there is delightful fun recovery on the other end.




Chapter Text
                Bucky and Steve have been mates for eighteen exceptionally good years. In that time they have fought a war, been frozen, tortured, unfrozen, reunited, healed, and started a family under the oddest of circumstances. They have two eight year old children and a toddler. Steve and Bucky are now 105 and 106 respectively. Despite their ages , the two of them look like they just hit thirty. Steve might not even look quite that yet. Bucky is a little concerned that at some point they’re going to get confused for their kid’s spouses. Thank god that’s down the line a few more decades. Right now he’s just trying to handle being a super soldier, ex-assassin, part time Avenger. Or more pressingly a mom.                “Mommy!” Sasha, his daughter, screams.                “What?!” Bucky yells back. He’s got a two year old on his hip and his twins running some kind of guerilla warfare tactics down the hall. The toddler is throwing all his food and spiting up anything Bucky manages to get him to eat.                “Mommy!” His son, Jamie, yells. Jamie is running around looking for something. Bucky gives up on feeding his son. He’s got snacks and stuff in the car.                “I said what! What’s going on!?” Bucky steps out of the kitchen and into the hallway. Sasha and Jamie are looking into the bathroom like there’s something dead in there. Bucky charges over to them and peeks in. The toilet is flooding onto the floor. “OH SHIT!” Bucky knocks the cover off the toilet and pulls on the arm that makes it flush. The toilet stops overflowing. Bucky is now standing in a big puddle of toilet water in socks with his baby on his hip and his two kids staring owlishly at him.                “Mom?” Sasha asks. His alpha daughter looks calmer at least.                “Sweet pea, just ask me.” Bucky says as he tries to figure out how he’s going to juggle the baby and plunge the toilet.                “We’re going to be late for school.”.oOo.                The SUV Bucky and Steve got as a present from Nick Fury is parked outside of the twins’ private school thirty minutes after the first bell rang. Bucky has the seat reclined all the way back and the radio on. He caved and let his two year old nurse today. He’s been trying to wean the brat for months but he just doesn’t want to give up milk. If his mother was part of the other 99.865% of male omegas who do not lactate he would have been out of luck. As it is, Bucky doesn’t mind. It’s easy for him compared to the twins. Plus he gets to make jokes about Steve’s boobs still being bigger than his. Bucky lives for those jokes.                Bucky runs his fingers through his hair and wonders if it’s time to have someone trim the ends. He’s kept it just above his shoulders so it will go back in a ponytail. Bucky props William up and roots around the various compartments of the SUV for a hair tie. He finds instead: gum, a squirt gun, a Lego thing, so many crumbs, a bag of chips, a fist full of fast-food restaurant grade napkins, and a crumpled up page from a coloring book. No hair tie. There’s an Albertsons around the block he could stop by if he’s feeling really desperate.                Billy’s all but stopped sucking. Experimentally he shifts his son away from his nipple to see if he’s really done. He seems like he’s about to fall asleep. Good. Bucky picks him up and gets out of the car so he can arrange Billy in his car seat behind him. A woman talking with her wife a few cars away gives him a dirty look for not having a shirt on. He straps his son securely into his seat and then gives the two women a look. He licks the inside of his cheek, leans forward and mouths the words ‘Fuck you!’ very clearly. He gets in the car shaking his head. The nerve of some people. Nobody gave a shit if he was shirtless for the four years between his pregnancies where he was neither nursing nor pregnant. Now all of a sudden it’s a crime again. The shirt and bra he wore earlier is balled up in the seat next to him. He grabs the sporty compression bra he bought two weeks ago and pulls it on, mindful of the tender bits. He grabs the hoodie next and zips it up.                He figures if he’s going shopping he might as well ask 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Post Mpreg
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Family
Married Life
mama!Bucky
Alpha Steve
Fluff
Domestic Avengers
public school
Omega Bucky Barnes
good advice
Friendship
Paparazzi
Scandal
Possessive Alphas
Nursing
Camping
Healing
Learning Disabilities
Collars
Fight Scenes
Action
Medical Trauma
Planned Pregnancy
Mpreg
Pets
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Kink Exploration
Married Sex
Marvel Movie Quality Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

