Chapter 1: Two Truths and A Lie
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Hindsight 20/20, Pepper wasn’t sure why she didn’t see the warning signs. When she walked into her first day of work as Tony Stark’s assistant, she had heard the rumors.  That he was impossible to deal with. Erratic. Always trying to get himself killed. Watch out, he's dangerous. He gets into a ton of dangerous situations. But Stark Industries had always been a big name in weapons, which then turned into a big tech company. Pepper wanted to work her way up to the top; she dreamed of running a company of her own one day. And working for Stark Industries was a leg up from every other company. What she didn’t plan for, was to completely fall in love with her boss. She had heard he was a playboy, but under that facade, he was a loving and protective man. After working for him for years, she had gotten to know what she thought was the true side of him. After closed-door meetings that he would have with various men, (she was never told who they were or why they were there) he would always walk over to her with a big smile. When he danced with her, it felt so right. Like sunshine and daisies.  And when he finally proposed to her, with the grand gesture of fireworks and an audience, she of course said yes. When she was younger, she used to play this game with other girls at sleepover parties. Two truths and a lie. They would share 2 true things and 1 lie, and they had to guess which was the lie. So Pepper had started playing this game with herself even as an adult. The night before her wedding to Tony Stark, she thought of her two truths and a lie:
1.	She loved Tony Stark with all of her heart
2.	She was going to marry Tony Stark
3.	She was going to leave Tony StarkShe thought she would never ever want to leave Tony Stark. He was the perfect man, the perfect future husband.At their wedding, there were many people who came up to them to congratulate them. To welcome her to ‘the famiglia’. These big, Italian men who Pepper had never seen before, nor did she remember inviting, were all lining up to talk to them. At one point, Pepper leaned over to Tony and whispered:“Who are all these people?”  Pepper looked at the crowd forming around them.Tony flashed his million-dollar smile that always made Pepper melt. “Don’t worry about them Pep, it’s just business.”So, Pepper let it go. She shouldn’t have.--Three months after they returned from their romantic honeymoon in Venice, Pepper laid curled up next to Tony. She could feel his chest rise and fall with each breath he took. It was early morning, and the sun was just starting to peek through their shades in the Penthouse. It was mornings like these that she loved spending with her husband. Just the two of them, no work, just their naked bodies wrapped up together. Unfortunately, Pepper did not feel great that morning. For the last two weeks, she had been getting nauseous every morning when she woke up. Sometimes, she could keep it in. Other times, she had to overwhelmingly sprint to the bathroom and puke her brains out. Luckily, Tony was a heavy sleeper. She didn’t know why she felt so sick, but the last thing she wanted was for her husband to worry. He was always protective of her at all times, but when she was sick, he would hover. Baby her. And while she loved him, when she was sick, she always wanted to be alone. She didn’t need him to baby her. He would freak if he found out she was puking.So, she quietly snaked out from Tony’s hold and made it just in time to puke into the toilet. As she puked for what felt like the 1000th time that morning, she thought about how this wasn’t normal. She made a mental note to make a doctor’s appointment for today.After she flushed the toilet, she got ready for the day by brushing her teeth, taking a shower, and combing her hair. When she came out of the bathroom, she saw Tony was sitting up, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. “Morning Mr. Stark.”“Morning Mrs. Stark.” Tony smiled at his wife. He got out of bed and walked over to her, wrapping his arms around her. He swayed her a bit as if they were dancing.“Remember our first dance?” Tony asked, looking into Pepper's soft eyes.“Oh, you mean the one where you abandoned me on the rooftop?” Pepper’s voice had no real bite behind it.“Yup,” Tony sighed contently.“Sir,” Friday spoke. “You have men waiting to meet with you.” Pepper and Tony both sighed. It seemed like lately, Tony was always getting called into meetings early in the morning.“We should both go get dressed,” Pepper noted.“Don’t worry, you don’t need to attend this meeting,” Tony commented, sifting through his closet for his suit.“And why are they scheduling meetings with you so early? And who are they?” Pepper questioned, genuinely curious.“Not important, they – “ Pepper cut her husband off.“They must be, if they are trying to meet with you now and you’re actually going,” Pepper noted.“Well, someone’s gotta 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Pepper Potts
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Mob
Married Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Pepper Potts's Biological Child
Dark Tony Stark
but - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Pepper Potts
Parent Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Protective Ben Parker
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Pregnant Pepper Potts
Mob Boss Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has Issues
Cute Peter Parker
Baby Peter Parker
BAMF Tony Stark
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Adorable Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Awkward Bruce Banner
Adopted Loki (Marvel)
Science Bros
Stark Tower
Confused Steve Rogers
Dark Rhodey
Tony & Pepper are a mess
But still Pepperony
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Uncle Happy Hogan

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Pepper Potts
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

