Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The procession of Celts up the Ermine Street had left Londinium two days ago, and Erik had never been so grateful for the lazy and leisurely pace the wedding party had set for themselves. He and his men were forced to travel overland and far outside of the range of the Celtic scouts who traveled up and down their lines. They couldn't even be called proper lines, not really. Celtic discipline was notoriously shoddy, they yelled, they screamed, they broke rank, they couldn't form a proper line or a battle formation, and yet... Erik had heard the reports from the survivors of the Battle of Watling Street and they had been anything but dismissive. Erik bristled from even the momentary reminder of the failure.His father, Gaius Suetonius Paulinus, had taken 10,000 men against at least 80,000 Celtic warriors; a legionary on any day should have been worth at least ten Celts, at least that was what had been bandied about when Suetonius had taken well trained auxiliaries and perfectly selected terrain and turned what should have been a stirring victory into a crushing defeat. Nero had almost given up on the island, but only the pathetic whining of Cogidubnus and Cartimandua and the complete arrogance of that bitch Iceni, Emma, and her son - the self-styled Rex Britannia - had kept the Romans there at all.That was all about to change, however. The consolidation of the south east of the island under the Iceni tribe was held together only by the tenuous will of Emma and the mutual hate of Rome that seemed to lie buried in the heart of every Celt, with two strokes Erik intended to crush that tie and avenge his fallen father and his shattered honor.Even from the distance they were forced to keep, far off into the countryside, it was easy to spot the 'rex', Charles; he swirled among the men - figurehead as he was - and Erik imagined he must have smiled, and perhaps had the occasional stirring speech - fed to him by his mother, no doubt - as he lead his men carefully to slaughter in the north among the Brigantes."Sir?" The tentative question came from one of his men as night began to fall."We will move shortly. I want nothing but clear ground between us and their camp when true night falls."Moving a true army in the middle of the night was pure folly, the new moon and typical clouds and fog made it even more so, but Erik only had less than half a century under his command. This wasn't meant to be a combat, this wasn't meant to be a battle, it was meant only to be an assassination. Erik would have gone alone if it weren't for his specific instructions to the contrary."Gods with us, they will not even notice their princeling is dead until it is done."The soldier seemed satisfied and moved to relay the news. They were Romans, Roman legionaries, and none of them had so much as taken off his pack or toed out of a sandal because Erik hadn't commanded it; that was Roman discipline. They were on the move shortly, moving slowly to keep from making noise that would attract the attention of sentries, down out of the distant hills and into the open terrain where the war-wedding party was sprawled. Passed out drunk, every one of them, certainly.As they approached the edge of the camp, a few soldiers each broke off to sweep forward through the camp, searching for the prince and his queen-mother. If he was lucky he might also manage to take the princeling's sister with him as well. The loss of both of the children would shatter any unity among the tribes. Erik quickened his pace, desperately wanting the honor of killing Charles for himself. His tent was not hard to find, a ridiculous tent done up in silks instead of wools or hides, the light flicker of a fire banked or dying the only illumination.Erik fingered the dagger at his waist, drawing it as he stepped inside into a small receiving area, abandoned, no soldiers and no servants. The flap that would have separated the front of the tent from the back was drawn open, and Erik stepped carefully through, mindful of his footing and his breathing. The princeling, Charles, sprawled out in sleep wearing nothing but breeches and a blanket of patched together pelts. Up close he was even more pathetic than Erik could have imagined, small, fair, with barely a scar or scratch on him, and with lips that looked painted like a woman's. He looked more like a slave meant to be kept for pleasure than anyone Erik would have trusted to go into battle with.He suppressed the immediate urge to fall upon him - too much chance of noise - and stepped carefully around to the prince's side and got down on one knee. His free hand went to the prince's mouth and the dagger was aimed for his torc-clad throat. The boy woke - not at all groggy - before Erik could strike, his hand landed on Charles' mouth but he rolled just enough to avoid the blow. Charles' cried out, but was muffled, and Erik knew no one could make it in time even if they'd heard. What he did not expect was the dagger drawn 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Historical
Alternate Universe - Roman
Consent Issues
Slavery
Master/Slave
don't learn history from this fanfic
Celts
Rebellion
sword fights
Hurt/Comfort
BAMF!Charles
historical views of homosexuality
Charles is a slut in every era
Background Het
Romance

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

