Chapter 1: Winter In Arizona
    




Chapter Text

Early in the 1950's when S.H.I.E.L.D was still finding it's place in the fast paced, ever moving world as they know it in the shadows—taking the reigns after the SSR defeated the nearly indomitable force by the name of HYDRA. Peggy Carter and Howard Stark were collecting all of the powerful artifacts spread across the globe from the war with Hydra. These artifacts would later become known as 0-8-4's. 
However, not everything...was an item of unknown origins...they've gathered people as well. People who could not only be labeled as an 0-8-4, but recruited to further S.H.I.E.L.D's cause. To protect humanity from itself and other deadly entities that threatened their livelihoods. There were some things that human population was just not ready for...nor would it ever be. And that is where S.H.I.E.L.D stepped in.
After the success and unfortunate end of Steve Rogers, better known as Captain America, both Peggy and Howard knew that the Super Soldier Serum was going to become even more invaluable than it already was before. Even with Hydra gone, there were still others out there who did not have humanity's best interest in mind. The KGB for example...Peggy had caught wind of that particular operation from a very trusted source and went behind enemy lines to investigate for herself.

It took the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D two weeks to find KGB's trail of destruction and to follow it back home. The young redhead she found could not have been older than fifteenth but she moved better than any Agent Peggy has ever seen, and she covered her tracks very well. But not well enough to throw Agent Carter off of her scent. 

Peggy observed from afar that the KGB had a facility deep in the mountains, housing young girls of all ages. Conditioning them to become the perfect assassins for their country...or what they thought to be their country. At that point, Peggy would not put it past those bastards to snatch children from all around the world just to fill their ranks.

Peggy watched as a little blue haired girl no older than six that sat in the snow with nothing on but a pair of shorts and a sports bra. A man the size of a bear standing behind her with his arms crossed and a cattle prod in his firm grasp. Through her binoculars, Agent Carter watched as he yelled an order to her in Russian and the girl stood once more and took a fighter's stance. He yelled at her again, and she began to move.  At first she did not understand what was happening...until she saw the snow around them shift and sharpen into ice. weapons made of ice and being aimed for the trees as if they were...target practicing! 

"Enhanced? No..."

Peggy put away her binoculars, swearing harshly under her breath. This was far worse than she could've hoped for but there was nothing she or S.H.I.E.L.D could do without starting an international shadow war. They'd just gotten out of a very public international war with Hydra—they weren’t ready for another fight. With great reluctance, Peggy packed her belongings and left, plans forming in her mind on how to stop the KGB.



Present day...

Nick Fury was not a happy man. It was two in the morning but instead of being getting what little sleep he could actually afford to get, he was in the middle of Arizona investigating a death of a few NASA communications experts. Well, it wasn't much of a mystery of how these men died—which is why S.H.I.E.L.D was on the scene in the first place instead of the local authorities. The three scientists that were murdered were being taken away in three different coolers that could contain glacier temperature ice-cubes that held all of their shattered body parts.It wasn't a pretty sight but at least there wasn't a lot of blood to clean up, if any at all. S.H.I.E.L.D was just on the scene to make sure that this didn't hit the morning press. The last thing that anyone wanted to know was that Subject Zero was back. Subject Zero or better known as Sub-Zero was an assassin for Hydra alongside the Winter Soldier but she was much much worse than he was. As far as S.H.I.E.L.D knew, the Winter Soldier had no extraordinary powers aside from having durability and strength, much like Captain America but not quite on his caliber.Sub-Zero was not entirely human, not really—she was a cryomancer with the ability to not only control ice but manipulate and shape it however she saw fit. Sub-Zero was lethal not only because of the powers that she possessed but her combat skills were up to par with the Black Widow's and she went toe to toe with Captain America and he couldn't even land a hit. That had been three months ago and now with this triple murder in the middle of Arizona so soon... Fury knew that Sub-Zero striking in such a short amount of time between attacks was not a good thing.“We're done here, ready to move?” Maria sighed as she finally made her way back to her boss who was standing on a small hill that over looked the crime scene. The ice residue
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Reader

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
Reader Is A Stand User (JoJo)
reader has sub-zero powers
Badass Reader
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Natasha Romanov Feels
Steve is lowkey an ass
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Love Triangles
Developing Friendships
Medium Burn
Drama & Romance
Person of Color Reader
Additional Tags to Be Added
I hate tagging sometimes
Plot
Weird Plot Shit
Accidental Plot

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Reader

