Chapter 1: Superhero Rules
    




Chapter Text
“I used to think blood was sexy,” MJ says. “Congratulations, Peter. You’ve ruined blood. I hope you’re happy.”Peter’s not sure if MJ and Ned are actually in front of him, or if the high strength painkillers broke his brain. The medbay sways around him, as if he's on a boat instead of Mr. Stark's private hospital in upstate new york. His head feels like someone’s repeatedly stuck his brain in a blender, and his abdomen throbs in time with the pulsing of his heart. No matter how many times he gets shot, he’ll never get used to the gut-wrenching pain of Bruce coaxing out a bullet with a pair of tweezers.The white sheets are coarse between his fingers. The florescent lights are blinding. Peter tugs at the oxygen tube sticking into his nose, and MJ reaches out a hand to stop him.“Stop being anxious,” she tells him.“And just like that,” says Ned, “MJ the therapist has cured anxiety.”MJ scowls. She has a lovely scowl. Her forehead scrunches up, and her eyes seem to get darker. Back-lit by the florescent lights, she looks like an angel. A 5’11, wingless, brooding angel with slouched posture and fiery eyes. “I’m not trying to cure his anxiety,” she says. “I want him to stop messing around with his medical equipment. He’s already ruined blood for me. I don’t want him to ruin nasal prongs.”“Thanks, MJ," Ned says. "When I woke up this morning, I thought to myself, you know what would make today extra special? Listening to MJ talk about her nasal prong fetish."  "Ha ha," MJ says. She sits on the edge of the medbed, and Peter finds he can’t quite look at her. He doesn’t want to deal with the worry in her eyes, the conflicting emotions that flash across her face. He wishes May had gone all mamma-bear and forbid him from having visitors, but she's been in meetings with Mr. Stark’s legal team since Peter got out of surgery. She had time for a quick visit, where she pressed a kiss to his forehead and they both tried—and failed—to keep from crying, and then she was tugged away by lawyers. Peter doesn’t know what’s going on, and he doesn’t want to see his own fear reflected on his friends’ faces.Ned takes his hand, and Peter doesn’t have the strength to pull away. He lets Ned stroke his hair, and the sensation makes his eyes flutter closed. Having people take care of him is nice. The extra-strength pain medication makes his mind cloudy, but it also keeps the memories at bay. He doesn’t want to remember the gun, or the school, or the feeling of his mask being ripped away from his face. He doesn’t want to think about how his identity was just revealed to the entire world, so he focuses on what’s actually important.“How did I ruin blood for you?” he asks MJ.She stares at him, her eyes somber. “You’re bleeding through your bedsheets,” she says. “It’s very un-sexy.”“Ah.” He looks down. Sure enough, a spot of crimson has appeared on the pearly white sheets. The bandages must have soaked through. “We should get Bruce.”“Are you dying?”“I don’t think so.”“How certain are you you’re not dying?”Peter looks at Ned, not entirely sure how to answer that question. “Pretty certain,” he says slowly, wondering if this is another one of MJ’s insane tests. Ned shrugs, looking every bit as confused as Peter feels. “I mean, I guess you never know—”“If you’re not an inch away from death, then Dr. Banner can wait,” says MJ. “We have more important matters to deal with.”Peter tries to take a deep breath, and pain explodes around his ribcage. His brain works frantically, trying to come up with a way to get out of the conversation. The last thing he wants to do right now is talk about the elephant in the room. Even if he has to spend the rest of high school studying from Stark Towers, or if May will have to stop working, or if he has to give up Spiderman -  God, he hopes that won’t happen - he doesn’t want to worry about it now. Everything hurts too much. Thinking about the school shooting is like prodding his tongue against a broken tooth. He doesn’t have to worry. MJ doesn’t try to force him to talk about his feelings. That’s not her way, and he should have known that. Instead, she pulls out a set of flashcards, brandishing them at him like she’s holding the most valuable treasure in the world. “Just because you saved our school from a psycho killer—”“Qu’est-ce que c’est,” chimes in Ned.“—doesn’t mean you’re allowed to take time off.” MJ sets the deck of cards on the table beside his medbed. “They’re color coded. You should already know the blue ones, and the black ones shouldn't be hard to memorize.”“What about the red ones?” asks Peter. He wonders if she intended to code the cards with Spiderman’s colors, or if that was unintentional. He chooses to believe she picked the colors out on purpose, in a strange but flattering show of support.“I like to call the red ones,  topics that will make us lose nationals, unless Peter can get his shit together,” says MJ. “Believe me, I’ll know if you aren’t studying 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Trigger Warning - School Shooting
It's not explicit but it was in the prequal to this fic
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
Everyone Needs A Hug
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Identity Reveal
Social Media
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker is a Mess
Teen Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Mj the therapist
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Iron Man 3
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers Tower
Protective Avengers
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Civil War Fix-It
Post-Civil War (Marvel)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

