Work Text:
"Lehnsherr," Moira says on Saturday afternoon, "I love you like an arch-nemesis, but you need to get your own place."Erik is sprawled on his stomach on the floor, holding an XBox controller and rapid-fire jamming the triggers back and forth as his character on the screen charges into a fight. Behind him, lounging on the couch, Moira's boyfriend Nick is doing the same thing."I thought I was the best roommate you ever had," Erik says."Pay attention, Lehnsherr," Nick says and Moira rolls her eyes and grabs Nick's controller, pausing the game and then dropping it down onto his chest."He's paying attention to me first," Moira says to Nick. Then, to Erik, "You were the best roommate I ever had, back in grad school when we were roommates. Now you're a person who asked to crash on my couch four months ago while he was looking for a job and has yet to leave despite finding one.""I clean up after myself," Erik says, which is perhaps not his strongest defense given that he's also taken to passive-aggressively picking up after Moira and Nick when their cleanliness doesn't reach his standards."You were the best roommate I ever had when you were paying rent and utilities," Moira says pointedly. Erik sighs and rolls onto his back, then pushing himself up so he's sitting with his back against the couch, looking up at her."I could chip in on the rent if you asked," he points out."You could," Moira allows. "But you're still sleeping on the couch in a one bedroom apartment that is seriously not big enough for three people. House hunt. You can afford to get a place around here with a roommate. If you cut back to one meal a day, you might be able to afford a place on your own."And therein lies the problem. Erik can't afford a place on his own. Even if he stops eating altogether, nothing short of turning to a life of crime is going to net him a one bedroom apartment in this city and the only person he's ever in the past twenty-nine years of his life managed to live with for an extended period of time had to go and move in with her boyfriend."A roommate won't be too bad," Moira lies.Erik turns to Nick, but he holds up his hands in defense."As goes my woman, so goes my nation," he says."Come on, who's going to play Halo with you if I live somewhere else?" Erik asks."I will," Moira says."You can't," Erik says, "You're too good. It's not challenging.""You'll visit, then, come on, Lehnsherr," Moira says. "I love you. I do. You've got a job, it's time to get a place and start your life."She nudges him with her foot and then heads back to the kitchen, leaving them to their game. Erik sighs and rolls onto his back."Sorry, man," Nick says. "She has a point.""I know," Erik snaps, covering his eyes with one hand. Nick ignores the sharp tone, as Erik knew he would, and Erik allows himself a moment to wallow in his misery. Moira's right. He has a master's degree. He has a job. He is, by all accounts, officially an adult now.Except when he used to imagine himself at nearly thirty, he imagined himself in a job in his field, he imagined himself living alone or with a boyfriend, fuck, he imagined he'd have a boyfriend. Instead, he's working a shitty office job in a shitty cube farm, living on his best friend's couch, no better off after years of student debt than he was when he was living at home with his mom."Come on, get up, asshole, we're not done yet," Nick says, and Erik squeezes his eyes shut tight for another moment, then takes a deep breath, pushes all that bullshit personal angst deep down, and sits up."Alright, alright," he says, and picks up his controller again. "Let's do this."He'll freak out later, quietly in the dark, when he's alone. Probably a lot.***Erik has a very precise Craigslist method. He opens every listing in his price range in his desired neighborhoods first, then goes through them one at a time, closing out the ones that disallow mutants or are female or student specific. Once he's down to only listings that he actually qualifies to inquire about, he begins to analyze them. He looks at the pictures with a critical eye--if they're too messy, he dismisses them. If they can't be bothered to clean for a public picture or, worse, if that IS their idea of clean enough for a public picture, he won't do well there. If the text mentions the word "party" in the positive more than once, he dismisses them. If there are pets with fur involved, he dismisses them. If the text makes it clear the current inhabitants are looking for a new best friend, he dismisses them. If the listing technically allows mutants, but the text implies that's only a technicality, he dismisses them.When he's done combing over the ad half a dozen times and can distantly picture himself living in the space, he sends his standard inquiry email and waits.He's not been having terribly good luck.On a Wednesday night, after an excruciating day at his stupid office job, Moira sits down across the table from him as he's scrolling through the latest ads."H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Nick Fury/Moira MacTaggert

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Alternate Universe - Roommates/Housemates
Male-Female Friendship
Chatting & Messaging
Mutant Politics
Canon Disabled Character
Canon Jewish Character

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Nick Fury/Moira MacTaggert

