Chapter 1: Tony/Thor (somnophilia, multiple orgasms, coming untouched, cum play)
    




Chapter Text

Tony loved being the Tower whore. He had been casually sleeping with several of his teammates before, but when Thor came back from Asgard he had granted Tony no refractory period and everyone had been enjoying Tony’s body. Tony for his part had never been happier, being used in whatever way someone could come up with, and some days he could barely even make it out of his fuzzy, happy headspace to get some work done.
 
Today was one of those days. He would always fall asleep wherever he had last been fucked, and he was used to waking up in different places in the Tower. Today he had woken up in Thor’s bed, the god already pistoning deep inside of his ass as Tony screamed through his orgasm. When Thor had finished, he had stuffed a huge plug in Tony’s hole and flipped him over to his back, forcing his huge cock down Tony’s throat as the smaller man’s eyes rolled back in his head. Tony loved sucking cock almost as much as he loved getting fucked, and he also loved it when he was forced. 
 
Thor rode his face roughly, choking Tony on his member until the slut had shaken through another orgasm and Thor had shot down his throat. “So good, slut,” Thor moaned, “So good to take my cock however I want you too.” Thor rolled Tony back onto his stomach and dragged his hips up, playing with the plug in Tony’s ass as he panted and whined. “You love this, don’t you? Love being used like a toy, nothing but a place for me to put my fat cock,” Thor mocked as he began spanking Tony. He smiled to himself as Tony sobbed and shoved his hips up to ask for more.
 
Thor kept spanking Tony’s ass until his cheeks were flaming, and then he pried Tony’s ass open and started spanking his hole. At the first strong smack, Tony shrieked and came again, spurting all over his belly and the bed. Laughing, Thor slapped him a few more times before pulling the plug out and shoving his cock in, fucking Tony wide open. He could feel his cum still thick and warm inside of the smaller man.
 
“Sweet little slut, so good at holding my cum for me,” he crooned as Tony cried and shook from overstimulation. “Just where you belong, pinned open and forced to take a nice thick cock. You were made for this, to take me and let me spill inside of you.” Thor sped up, feeling his climax approach. He reached around and started tugging on Tony’s balls and stroking his cock, bringing the man up to full hardness once more. “Come on, little whore, I need you to clench up around my dick. You’ve been taking so many cocks up your ass that you’ve gotten loose. I can barely feel you around me right now.”
 
Tony sobbed and came for the fourth time, gasping out, “Yes, please, love your cock, make me take it, force your cum inside of me- ” Thor finished with a roar, painting Tony’s channel white before pulling off and letting the last few spurts hit Tony’s still-raw ass. He grabbed the discarded plug and slipped it back into Tony, roughly rubbing his cum into the red cheeks as Tony shook and cried quietly into the bed. He gave the man a final light spank before climbing off the bed.
 
“That was excellent, slut. Steven and Bucky will be coming back from their run soo, and you know how randy they are in the mornings, so if you want a shower, you should take one now. Leave the plug in, though,” he chuckled as he left Tony twitching on the bed.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark/Sam Wilson
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Everyone
Loki/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Sex Magic
Object Insertion
Anal Sex
Fisting
Multiple Orgasms
Dirty Talk
Overstimulation
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Dom/sub
Safe Sane and Consensual
Oral Sex
Sounding
Erotic Electrostimulation
Exhibitionism
Unconscious Sex
Double Penetration
Aftercare
Gentle Sex
Small Penis
Humiliation
Praise Kink
Daddy Kink
Consensual Somnophilia
BDSM
maybe? probably
A/B/O
Breeding Bench
Cum Play
Come Inflation
Come Marking
Human Furniture
Polyamory
Emotional Monogamy
Sexual Polyamory
It's hard to explain
Lingerie
possessive kink
coming dry
Cock Cages
Cock Slut Tony
Cock Rings
Ball rings
Anal Plug
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Light Dom/sub
Emotions
Body Worship
Voyeurism
Sharing
Spanking
Boypussy
tit fucking
prostitute!Tony
Hooker AU
Sex Work
Piercings
Nipple Piercings
Ear Piercings
Belly Piercings
Cock Piercing
sex as payment
Knotting
Hulk Sex (Marvel)
i feel like that needs its own tag
Soft!Dom
Sibling Incest
Not really but could be percieved as such
Breathplay
Intercrural Sex
Tit Torture
ish
Nipple Clamps
there's a french maid outfit in this one
i need someone to draw tony in this outfit

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark/Sam Wilson
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Everyone
Loki/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

