Chapter 1: The Past Is Just a Goodbye
    




Chapter Text

Wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey.

 

Seriously?  You’re gonna go with that?  It’s the Depression and he’s poor, he’s lucky to get oatmeal or porridge or something.

 

So what am I supposed to say?  FREEDOM, it’s the Fourth of July, Independence DAY, LET US THROW OFF THE YOKE OF BRITISH TYRANNY-

 

Okay, I get it, you don’t have to quote the Revolutionary Monument from Lexington, chill.

 

That’s very rude considering the circumstances, Peter.  

 
Steve continues examining the inside of his eyelids, wondering why there was a sudden deluge of chatter in his mind.  One male, deep enough to be reassuring to a causal listener, but somehow pitched higher in a way that implied constant indignation bordering on affection.  The other female, pleasantly low, but also pitched higher, and sounded both energized and exhausted at the same time.  Her tone was loving. The inflections they had, their vocabulary, and their pronunciation were slightly different than what he usually heard, so he supposed these voices were like something from the future. Steve finally connected the voices to the day. 
You’re my future kids, aren’t you?

 
Hey, Pops the boy, Peter, said. 
Yay, it’s your birthday, let’s sing –

 

No.

 
The girl let out a frustrated huff.  I was gonna sing the national anthem, or maybe “Born in the USA”.  Wait, that’s not out yet-
 
What’s your name? Steve sent before she could go off on a tangent or the two of them got into it again. 
Peter Parker.

 
He knows that already, he was asking for mine, Spiderass.  Maria Antonia, but Peter couldn’t – won’t be able to? – pronounce the “ma” when we were – will be? - little, so most of the time I’m Ria.
 
“REE-uh?”  Steve aloud, hoping he got it right. 
That or just Ri.  Doesn’t matter, you usually just pronounce the whole thing.  Or you call me “sweetheart” or “starling” or one of the many numerous terms of endearment in your arsenal.

 
Steve breathed deeply, trying to avoid crying or something else that would leave him embarrassed.  “Peter and Maria,” he said, trying to contain the giddiness welling up inside. 
Technically, I should go first, I’m twelve minutes older than him-

 

Don’t start this again.

 

You’re twins?

 
Yup, they sing-songed in harmony. “Wonderful,” Steve found himself laughing in joy.   “Hey, happy Independence and birthday.  Open up.”  Bucky was hammering on the door. “Just a minute,” Steve hadn’t stopped grinning since he had woken up.  He pulled the door open to admit a smiling Bucky. Is that Uncle Bucky? Peter wondered. He looks so different Maria said, sounding slightly awed. “What?  How is he different?” 
More . . . sad.
 “Who’re you talking to?  Wait,” Bucky sat himself at the kitchen table, kicked his feet up and leaned the chair back on two legs.  “Your kids?  I always knew you’d have them.  How many?  Did you name your firstborn after me?” 
What would I be named?  Jameisa?  Jamie?  Okay, that’s an okay name.  Just not a name for me.

 

Plus, Bucky would have gotten into a pissing contest with Rhodey over which one they were honoring.

 

That’s why I was named after Granma, and you were named something random.

 

“Peter” is a good name!  It’s not that common anymore, but we’re not normal-
 “Uhh, Maria says she and Peter were not named after any friends.” 
Pops, don’t lie.

 

He’s not lying.  He’s reading between the lines.

 
“Are they little smart mouths?  Your kids would be.”  Bucky’s face was smiling, but there was a bitter twist to it.  When Bucky had woken up on his eighteenth, his mind was just as much of his own as it always had been.  Bucky had said it would be fine, that he didn’t really want children, but Steve could tell that Bucky wasn’t happy with having the choice taken from him. “Maria, sweetheart, you called him ‘Uncle Bucky’.  Is he around a lot?” 
We live in the same building.  He’s always been a big part of our lives.  When we were little, Uncle Buck would let Peter braid his hair-

 

You did it, too!

 
I did his nails.  Stop lying, or I’ll be forced to go get the broom.
 

Stop threatening to hit me with the broom, that’s fraternal abuse.

 

Mmmm, I was thinking more along the lines of fratricide.  If a spider is climbing on your ceiling, you kill it, not abuse it, Silly Peter. 

 
“You’re gonna big part of my kids’ lives.” The tenseness of the line of Bucky’s shoulders lessened somewhat. He visibly relaxed.  “Well. As happy as I am for you, you need to get it under control.  People don’t just go around talking to their kids out loud.” He was right.  The mental connection that people had with their future children was well known, as most people had it, but it was a rather taboo thing to discuss.  The only time most people discussed it was with a potential spouse.  Steve knew Bucky well enough, and they trusted each other to say everything, but Steve knew he wouldn’t be able to go around just having discussions with Peter and Maria out loud.  Not if 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
implied Clint/Natasha

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
You hear your future children talking to you
just go with it
Angst with a Happy Ending
Arc Reactor
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Genetic Engineering
not in a bad way
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Misunderstandings
sorta mpreg

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
implied Clint/Natasha

