Chapter 1: Leave it to the land, this is what it knows.
    


Notes:

welcome, one and all! if you've been following me on twitter, i welcome you to the infamous bear fic! yes, it is time for the bear fic, for it is CHONKTOBER!!!!
   this chonktober brings you a bear bucky so large, he breaks ikea furniture. he does not fit through human-sized doorways. if he were entered in Fat Bear Week, he would win in a landslide. you're welcome, bear fans.  also in this fic will be softness, babies, and breeding. and daddy kink. i haven't written a damn word lately that didn't involve daddy kink. you're welcome.  this fic has been sponsored by fat bucky enthusiast, softestbuck aka em, who sponsors a lot of my random ideas. this was also beta'd by dot_astralis aka jasmine and also probably chilibabie07 aka max will help with a chapter or two by the end. thank you to all these people and to my supporters on the Forbidden Site, who got this fic beginning as a oneshot all the way back in October of last year. if you'd be interested in becoming a member of the Forbidden Site, visit any of my links such as my twitter and you will find readily accessible links to said Forbidden Site. this has been the intro to the bear fic, welcome to chonktober

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

  
 

 1: Leave it to the land, this is what it knows.


There was nothing special about that summer until it was almost over.  It had been fairly typical. The wolf-pack came through on their way to their summer hunting grounds and Bucky enjoyed time with his old friends. Fury had finally retired as the leader of the pack and both Natasha and Peggy took over. Peggy’s mate, Angie, was expecting their first litter while Clint, Natasha’s mate, had had his third litter successfully; he and Natasha had three new pups for their brood. Pietro and Wanda were finally considered adult wolves, though they still acted like pups. Sam made his yearly campaign to convince Bucky to go with them, or to at the very least seek out a mate, since no one ought to be as alone as Bucky was, he claimed. Bucky still laughed and said he liked his quiet slice of life. It was nice. Later in the summer, Bruce came by to visit and resupply Bucky with first aid supplies. Bruce had not renounced modern living the way Bucky had and brought him pills and creams whether he wanted them or not. The visit was nice, so Bucky didn’t really mind. And the supplies did come in handy occasionally. A little after midsummer, Bucky started catching extra fish and meat. He smoked and hung much of it, preparing for the winter a little early; the year before had been colder and the snow had lasted longer. He structured his meals to start bulking up a little before the autumn equinox to be careful as well. Then, the autumn equinox was close and Bucky was well into his preparations for the winter. And there was activity in the old cabin down the road from his. That cabin had stood empty for so long, he’d thought it was abandoned and extended the boundaries of his territory beyond it. Then, out of nowhere that late summer, a van showed up there. Bucky watched curiously but stayed away. It was a good forty minutes' walk from his cabin, and it was likely the new inhabitant had no idea he was even there. He would prefer it that way. One of his kind would know they were entering an Alpha’s territory. His neighbor was clearly human. Then he caught a glimpse of his neighbor. And like a  snap! , just a quick strike of a match, a lustful fire burned low in his belly. His neighbor was short and dainty and had miles of pale, soft skin under loose tank tops and shorts that barely covered his bountiful ass. Just the sort of sweet little thing Bucky had always wanted to have as a mate.  He dismissed the idea. His neighbor was a regular human, an Omega even, and he knew from hardened experience that humans did not mix well with his kind. He returned to the heart of his woods and stopped marking the trees past the neighboring cabin. And then his neighbor knocked on his door with a delicious smelling pie in hand. “Hi!” the gorgeous little thing greeted Bucky with a big grin that gave him dimples and showed off the freckles across his sunburned cheeks and nose. “I’m Steve, I just moved in down the road. I brought you an apple pie!” Bucky thanked him for the pie, gave his name, and did not invite him in. Steve lingered on his doorstep anyway. “I’m an artist,” he said unprompted. “So I’ll be working from home all the time. I’ve heard there are bears in these woods,” he added with a musical laugh, “but you look like you could handle a few man-eating beasts.” Bucky blinked at him. Steve just smiled. “Do you have a phone?” he asked. “In case I think I hear something rummaging in my trash and I need a big strong man to come rescue me?” Steve then winked at Bucky. In the squeeze of his eyelid, another match was struck and stuffed back into the whole box. Bucky looked him u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
werebear
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Werewolves
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Bear Bucky Barnes
Size Difference
Size Kink
Breeding
Mpreg
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
twink steve rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Dom Bucky Barnes
daddy bucky barnes
Daddy Kink
Sub Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Come Inflation
Comeplay
Scent Marking
Scent Kink
Baking
Artist Steve Rogers
Chubby Steve Rogers
chonktober
Light Feminization
Knotting
big dick bucky barnes
Butt Plugs
Come as Lube
Domestic Fluff
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Biting
Large Cock
Cock Slut
Collars
Cultural Differences
Pack Dynamics
Children
Anal Gaping
Anal Sex
Anal Hygiene
Hunters & Hunting
Cooking
Bears
Praise Kink
Pet Names
Dirty Talk
Dirty Talking Bucky Barnes
Blushing Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Pregnancy
Pregnancy Kink
Love at First Sight
Oral Sex
Intercrural Sex
69 (Sex Position)
Rimming
Come Swallowing
Somnophilia
Light Dom/sub

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

