Work Text:
Four copies of Under the Spandex 2012 had turned up with the mail on the kitchen table, where Tony picked them up. He peeled open the clingy plastic wrap and flipped through one of the calendars. “Huh,” he said, and put it back down again. Then he very calmly and very majestically got on the phone with Pepper.“There seems to be a set of strange objects in the mail today,” he said the moment she picked up.Pepper went on alert. “Is it food? Did you put it in your mouth? Tony, I’ve told you that you have to be more careful about these things. Shockingly, there are a lot of people in the world who don’t find you charming. Even more shockingly, they are not above hiding their hate in cute, mysteriously appearing cupcakes.”“It’s not food,” Tony said, eyeing the offending calendar.“Is it a bomb?”“Would I be calling you if it were a bomb?” Tony asked. “Well, maybe I would,” he said, switching tracks rapidly, “just to hear your dulcet tones before I die. But Pep, this is neither food nor explosives. This is about the calendar where my teammates are posing in their underwear.”“Oh, that.” Pepper yawned and sounded bored. “Did it come out already? I thought the printing date wasn’t until next week, but maybe someone got excited and jumped the gun.”“Someone got excited and jumped the gun, all right,” Tony said darkly, picking up the calendar and letting it fall open to January, where Thor was wielding Mjölnir in a pair of tighty whities, his blond hair flowing behind him, captured in motion. “This someone was also clearly delusional and out of their mind because they didn’t ask me to contribute.”“They did ask,” Pepper replied succinctly. “I also took the liberty of turning them down on your behalf. As the CEO of Stark Industries, I have to protect the reputation of the company. The world doesn’t need another trashy picture of you making pouty faces at the camera, Tony. The internet already gets those for free.”“But everybody’s in here,” Tony said in a voice that he would not classify as a whine, but which might not hold up under scrutiny. “Thor’s in here. Natasha’s in here. Clint’s in here.  The X-Men are in here. Steve’s in here,” he said, and felt his fingers jerk against the glossy paper of the offending calendar, because a whole lot of Steve was in there, all right, and Tony was trying very hard not to look at the July photospread more than absolutely necessary, for the strict preservation of his sanity.“Well,” Pepper said after a moment’s pause, “you always did say you’d rather set trends than follow them.”“He’s covering himself with his shield,” Tony said. “Just the shield. How do you not understand the momentous terribleness of this occasion?”“Goodbye, Tony,” she said, and hung up, leaving him to dry in a way that he wanted to explain as her going power-hungry as CEO of one of the most profitable companies in the world, but which he knew wasn’t the real reason because Pepper had always been willing to hang up on him. Anybody who actually knew Tony was perfectly happy to hang up on him, because apparently Tony couldn’t inspire respect from anyone, not even people who made dirty calendars. They better have fought Pepper against her decision. If he found out the calendar people hadn’t, he was going to... he was going to throw a lot of money at them until they cried for mercy.He picked up the calendar again with the tips of his fingers. Randomly selecting a page let it fall open to March, where Natasha was sitting on a white bearskin rug in lacy black lingerie, with her knees spread and a challenging expression on her face. Hey, this wasn’t so bad, Tony thought. He flipped to April where Ororo posed in knee-high leather boots and tiny scraps of silk.April, May, June, July -- and hello Steve's pectorals, how fine you look today.This was awful. 
 “Oh!” Steve said when Tony caught him eating breakfast alone at the kitchen counter. “Well, it was for charity. They told me the proceeds were going to go feed hungry orphans. So it’s all right, I suppose. Can you please pass the ketchup?”His blase reaction was stunning. Tony simply stared.“The ketchup?” Steve prodded.Tony moved as if through a lagging video game screen and passed the bottle over. “You seriously don’t think there’s anything off about it? Captain America, paragon of the people, turning into renegade sex symbol?”“It’s not a sex symbol,” Steve said primly. “It’s my shield.”“It’s the way you’re positioning it!” Tony said, sounding more and more strangled by the moment. Steve applied a liberal dollop of ketchup to his scrambled eggs and then mashed it around some with his fork. His eating habits, Tony thought, were truly despicable.“In front of me?” Steve asked. “I don’t see what’s the problem. It’s the way I would hold a towel after I got out of the shower at the gym. If you think about it, it’s a pretty big shield. I’m probably more covered than anybody else in that calendar.” And then finally, finally, he blushed. “Um. Some of the ladies are rather... 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

