Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It hits him from the second he lays eyes on Tony, the wretch from the centre of his chest as the bond solidifies. His eyes widen and he sees that Tony's do too. Taking a step back doesn't stop it - it's too late, there's nothing either of them can do. Neither metal suits or enhanced muscles are enough to stop a link once it's set.They're stuck like this.And they haven't even said hello yet.Steve stares at Tony with something like horror on his face, the pair of them panting for breath while the other members of the team look on with bemused curiosity."You have gotta be kidding me," Tony says. "Him? All this time waiting, and I get him?"Steve blinks. He hardly even knows how to make sense of it - he's been asleep for decades. How do bonds even work in the modern world?"What is going on?" Fury barks, sounding very much as if he'd take any reason to charge Tony with some kind of crime. From all the warnings Steve has been given about Tony (do not spend time alone with him, do not engage him in conversation, do not listen to his plans, and do not let him near alcohol), he thinks that maybe letting Fury's wrath take its natural course might be a good idea. Better than the alternative. "What did you do to him, Stark?""I didn't do a thing. We imprinted on each other." Tony's eyes narrow like he's eyeing Steve up one more time, before he switches his attention wholeheartedly onto Fury. Being deprived of it leaves Steve feeling as if a bucket of icy water has been thrown over his head: sudden and cold, he doesn't know if he can stand it. "Looks like America's Golden Boy's decided he wants to be my new sub."Steve would argue that 'decision' had very little do with any of it. When it comes to instinct, free will goes out of the window.He clears his throat before Fury can try to throttle Tony with the power of his one-eyed glare alone. "Um," he says. Instantly, every gaze in the room is pin-pointed on him. Heat fills his cheeks, pinking his skin. "How does this work here? I've not really... Well, things were different, I think. Back in my day."He sounds like an old man. The more he hears about the changing world, the more he feels like one too.

*
"It's okay," Tony assures him, crooning as if he's talking to a frightening animal. "Just lie back, baby, I got you - I'll take care of you. Trust me, Steve, c'mon."Steve would object to being talked to as if he were fragile and treated like a delicate object, but the sheets of Tony's bed are so very soft and the hands skimming along the inside of his thighs are so very gentle and the desire to listen to Tony's voice is so very, very strong. He's known the man less that twenty-four hours, yet here he is in his bed, utterly naked, and feeling more at home than he would have thought possible.Tony's eyes are devouring him as if he's never seen an inch of uncovered skin before: Steve knows that isn't true for a fact. Yet there's something there in Tony's eyes, something in the way he touches Steve - as if it really is the first time for both of them, not just Steve."I'm the luckiest sonovabitch in the world," Tony murmurs, and it's like he's only talking to himself for once rather than the audience of the entire world. His voice is hushed: reverent. "You could've imprinted on anyone. Anyone. Some hot chick to boss you around. Bet you would've liked that."Steve thinks of Peggy and the thrill he'd felt whenever they were together; he'd always felt so sure he would imprint on her, eventually. Maybe it really would've happened if they'd had the chance."I'm glad it's you," Steve says.He hears his voice crack along the words and stares at the ceiling for a few moments, while Tony hushes him and allows his hands to explore."I'm going to make you feel so good," Tony promises, his mouth skating somewhere over Steve's navel, starting to trace the trail of fine hair that leads down between his legs. "Gonna make your head explode."And, really, that doesn't sound too great at all, but Steve is getting used to the new speech patterns and vocabulary of the twenty-first century. He knows this one, and it makes him smile. "Shouldn't this be the other way around?" he asks, looking down. Crouched over him, Tony looks up at him like a mischievous woodland creature, as if he's here to steal Steve's soul and innocence. "I mean, you know... Shouldn't I be the one doing... that?""The very fact that you can't even say it probably means we're better off this way around," Tony says. He pulls away from Steve's abdomen and winds up his body, planting a kiss against his mouth, too quick and fleeting for Steve to respond. "Anyway, I like you like this. It's hot. And, if you're mine, that means we get to do things my way, right?"There's heat in Steve's stomach to go with the nervous beating of his heart in his chest. "I'm yours," he says.Tony grins, his teeth bared like a tiger, and then he strikes again, kissing Steve properly this time. His tongue thrusts brutally into Steve's mouth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Psychic Bond
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - BDSM

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

