Chapter 1: The Thirteen Letters
    




Chapter Text
Credit and thanks to our Winifred Anon for some details of Bucky's home life along with the headcanon that Buck got hooked on Marlboros due to his dates. Super extra special thanks to Leo for all the crazy thorough work on the amazing German translations. A lot of Sarah Rogers' backstory is inspired by “The stone’s in the midst of it all” by togina, so go thank togina for writing something so lovely. And finally, thanks to you guys for sticking with us. Be sure to click on the links in the story -- some of them are live! Notes and sources and fun historical facts in the second chapter. As usual, we're Ellen and Emily.     
2010
Individually the features are familiar: the face that looks back at him is a face he recognizes. The broad slope of the nose, the jut of the chin, the serious brow. He shifts his eyes to the right.
Born March 10 of 1917, Sergeant James Barnes was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York, where he spent his youth working physically demanding jobs. Barnes’ family was a small one, and numerous accounts confirm that he spent the majority of his time with childhood best friend Steve Rogers. In 1943, Barnes was drafted to the European front. After less than a year of active combat, Barnes’ unit was captured, and he was subjected to torture, isolation, and depravation for, historians have estimated, somewhere between four and eight weeks. In an ironic twist of fate, the prison camp was liberated by none other than…
Instead of reading the rest of it he shuffles along with the other people. They are all being very quiet. Several are bent over a little glass box. Inside is a leather book. It’s too small for everyone to see, and so the pages are copied up in big projections on the walls. The penmanship is nice. His left hand remembers. 
  
Ideals are peaceful. History is violent.
 
— David Ayer

“Fury”
 
  
1941
 
JAPAN WARS ON U.S. AND BRITAIN;

MAKES SUDDEN ATTACK ON HAWAII;

HEAVY FIGHTING AT SEA REPORTED 
 
(Bruckheimer, Frank L. The New York Times 8 Dec. 1941. Print.)
 
—
 166 MONTAGUE STSG ROGERSBKLN NEW YORK JUST FINE ONLY COLD YOURS BUCK —
“It had been a long summer,” Colonel Steve Rogers recalled of this telegram during a phone interview with the museum in 2006. “I was on tour, and so it came late, because our old address was on it. My hands were shaking real bad when I opened it. I was so afraid, you know; everyone was so afraid of getting a telegram. That’s why it’s torn. But I finally got it open, right before a show, and I remember I had to sit down backstage for the longest time. I just couldn’t stand up, I was so relieved. I think I was late getting on.” 

(Telegram: Barnes, James.14 June 1943. The War in Telegrams: An Interactive Exhibit. Smithsonian, Washington, D.C.) 
 
—
   
 1943  

Bucky,

Thanks for the telegram and sorry it has taken me so long to write you back, the job is keeping me busy. I can just see your face when you read the postmark on this, but really Jersey isn’t all that bad if you just shut your eyes and hold your breath and pretend hard you aren’t in Jersey. Truth is I can’t tell you what I’m doing in Hoboken any more than you can tell me what you’re doing on the front. But you’ll laugh yourself stupid when I finally see you and you find out. I can guarantee that.  

Anyway I’ll keep it short because you probably don’t have much time to read as it is and I know as usual you’re only interested in unwrapping the goods. I bought you smokes, and not the kind you get in rations either. I got your fancy lady smokes. I had to tell the guy at the store they were for my girl, just to let you know. I'm sure the men in your company will enjoy that story, so do please be sure to tell them it. In detail.
But j ust think, you can finally have one in peace without me hacking up a lung behind you. They should make it past the censors fine, but I didn’t think matches would, so I hope that either you have some or you’ve knocked together enough of those city slicker brain cells to learn how to make a fire. Stranger things have happened.
Write me (or else you might forget how.) I get a little bored sometimes and trying to guess which horrible obscenities they took out of your letters for purposes of public decency and the war effort keeps me busy between work. Plus unlike some people I sure could use the mental exercise. (Hah, hah.) Or maybe you’ve already sent something and it’s in the mailbox now. In that case don’t mind this.

Sorry about the drawing on the back. Not much of a view from my window, is it?

Even if it’s just to send me the empty pack of smokes. Just send something back. If you get this before September and you write fast enough go on and send it to the return address on the envelope. If not just send it to the apartment. It’ll keep. 

Your pal Steve
“Come on, give it up,” says Dugan. Startled and guilty, Bucky folds up Steve’s letter and squints at Dugan in the dim light of their campfire.“The smokes,” Dugan cl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Other(s)

freeform: 
World War II

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Other(s)

