Work Text:
Hands strapping him in. Metal shackles around his wrists, around his feet. His knees bent and legs spread wide. Ass filled, cock secure. Little pads pasted to his nipples and elsewhere. Gag fastened in his mouth.
A pat on his flank. “We’ll get you when you’re done.”
Steve breathed out harshly through his nose. It hadn’t started yet, but he was already hard from the preparation alone. The plastic vibrating dildo in his ass spread him wide and open, so thick and big, it felt like he would split in two. He wanted to fuck down on it, take it in further, pull it out, make it fuck him. But that wasn’t going to happen right now. Not until it turned on.
He clenched his teeth around the bit in his mouth, biting into leather and whatever else was used to make it. Something hard to protect the delicate plastic tubes that were nestled in the middle, that led out to a machine that hung above his head. 
His cock pulsed, hard and searching for friction, but the tube surrounding it, even though it was a snug fit, offered none.
He didn’t know how long he sat there, just strapped in, just waiting, anticipating. But that was part of it, too. An unknown amount of time, selected randomly from within a range. And the machine wouldn’t start, Steve would get no relief until it began. 
He felt the first vibrations from the dildo move through him, a jolt when he had been seated on an immobile machine for so long. The vibration increased, and then the dildo started thrusting in and out. It was calibrated to reach his prostate with every thrust, and it would hold there for a few seconds as the vibration ran through him, against it.
Steve moaned around the bit, his cock straining a little more with renewed interest.
Just as he felt his first orgasm start to build, just as he felt like the dildo couldn’t go any slower, as he needed it faster, harder, more rigid and unyielding within him, the electricity hit him. It hit him through the nodes strapped to his nipples, that pinched them into little stiff points. It hit him on the balls, where two more nodes were attached. It flared through him, brief, sharp, and then faded, leaving Steve feeling like he was the one buzzing all over, like the vibrator in his ass.
Then, without warning, the electricity was back for a few more seconds, fiercer this time, and the dildo sped up. Steve orgasmed with a muffled scream, and that was when things really started.
The dildo didn’t let up. It thrust faster and deeper, thrust harder, and the vibrations increased until Steve shook with the motion. The electricity that sparked through the nodes went on and off at seemingly random intervals, seemingly random lengths, but they grew steadily in frequency and duration. The machine that floated above his head, that attached his cock to the bit in his mouth, whirred into life as the second orgasm wracked Steve’s body.
It was only a drip, but he tasted his come on his tongue. He was forced to clamp his mouth tighter around the gag, lest any would spill out, and he lapped at the ends of the tubes within in his mouth. He cuckled and keened at the same time, as his body was used, as the tube around his cock whisked all his come away from each orgasm and slowly, it was all fed to Steve.
His ass felt wet and sloppy; the dido secreted more and more lube as it went on, and Steve could feel the excess lube filling him up and leaking down his ass, running down the cleft before dripping onto the metal contraption he was strapped into.
Steve couldn't think, he could barely breath, he had had half a dozen orgasms already, and his cock felt raw and chafed already. But this was far from over.
He didn’t know how, but it seemed like the machine feeding him his own come increased the amount it gave him. He felt like he was swallowing large mouthfuls, unable to keep up. It threatened to spill out from the corners of his mouths, and he suckled faster, like a hungry baby at a bottle. 
He tried to arch his back as the dildo inside him buzzed again, and as the nodes shot searing electricity through him, but he remained strapped in place.
Every nerve was on fire, his ass felt raw, his cock felt used, his nipples burned until they lost all feeling. 
He sobbed, a great crashing wave that came unbidden. The tears fell from his eyes, snot running from his nose, and still the machine fucked him, drew out more than he thought he had.
There was the whir of machinery, the squelch of the dildo thrusting into him. There was the sound of a vacuum whenever the tube sucked away the come from Steve’s cock.
The nodes shocked him again, this time more intense than before. Steve screamed, as he came again, and he couldn’t remember what number that one was, how many he had had.
He continued to scream until his throat was raw, and he couldn’t scream anymore. Still the machine fucked him, still h eswallowed the come that diripped down his throat, that was being shoved into his mouth and he had to swallow or risk choking.
His legs were suddenly tu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Fucking Machines
Come Eating
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Bottom Steve Rogers

fandom: 
None
