Work Text:
  Peter really liked Mr Stark's new house. It was quiet, peaceful and relaxing, not something that Peter would have associated with his mentor, but Peter thought it was good for the man. In the five years that Peter had been gone (and that something that Peter was still struggling to wrap his mind around) his mentor had changed quite a bit. Physically the man had a few more grey hairs then Peter had last remembered seeing and there was little extra padding around his waist, but Peter had seen the emotional change. He was a lot softer than he used to be, a distinct dad vibe coming off the man.  Which Peter supposed was true since Tony now had a little girl, Morgan, who when she had first seen Peter immediately wrapped him in a hug and declared that she was his little sister. This had nearly knocked Peter off his feet and before he could splutter out a response Tony had said – “Yep, that’s right Mo. This is your big brother.”  And had chuckled when Morgan dragged Peter towards the house, excited to show him everything, leaving Peter’s head still spinning a day later.  Peter adored Morgan. She was bright and clever just like her parents and was a lot of fun and seemed to hang off Peter every chance she got and while he was a little nervous to ask Tony exactly what he had meant, he loved the idea of being a big brother to Morgan. They had just finished an after dinner swim in the lake (both Peter and Morgan wearing floaties because despite that fact that Peter was Spider-Man, he wasn’t the strongest of swimmers and still needed to have lessons) and Peter was chilling on the deck while Tony took Morgan back to the house to get ready for bed.  Peter wasn’t the only one at the Lake House, the Avengers all spread around the front lawn in numerous chairs. The team had arrived sporadically across the afternoon, bringing dishes along with them and they ended up having a BBQ for dinner, spread out across the front lawn. It was the first time since the team had been together all again since the battle with Thanos (and the name still sent a shiver down Peter’s spine).  Even Carol, whose arm was still in a sling from when she had snapped Thanos and he’s army out of existence, had come.  Laughter from the lawn had Peter focusing his hearing and dragging his gaze away from the setting sun.  “Alright, alright, I’ve got a scar to show you,” Clint said. Peter heard rustling, too lazy to turn and watch. “Check this out. Got this one on a mission in Vietnam.”  “That’s barely a scar,” Sam snorted.  “Hey! I got this surfing down a landslide,” Clint argued.  “You guys aren’t going to start sharing war stories, are you?” Bruce asked hesitantly.  “Great idea Bruce,” Thor boomed. “I can regale you with many tales of my heroic battles.”  “Mine are classified,” Natasha said, making Peter shiver with excitement.  “If we are doing this then we should invite Peter,” Carol said. “I’m sure he has some stories too.” At his name, Peter almost went to turn around but paused when he heard Clint speak up. “You mean he can tell us about the old ladies he helps cross the road?”  There was a smattering of laughter and Peter’s heart dropped in his chest. His legs that were dangling in the water still and he stared at his rippling reflection.  “Junior hasn’t done anything besides Germany,” Sam added. “What could he add?”  “Peter could add a lot,” Rhodey said sharply.  Peter’s heart giving a small tumble in his chest. “Have you forgotten how he webbed you up in Germany?” Rhodey asked coolly. “He’s an enhanced individual with a knack for finding trouble. Peter’s done a lot more than you think.”  “Your right,” Clint said but Peter could hear the teasing note in his voice. “We forgot that he’s Starks ‘personal intern’. I’m sure he could tell us some wacky stories about what Stark’s made him do.”  More laughter followed Clint’s words and Peter hunched his shoulders, trying to block them out but it was too late. The laughter and words had already twisted their way into his heart, making his stomach churn and his eyes prick with tears. His insecurities came rushing to the surface, his hands twisting in the old band t-shirt that belonged to Tony.  “Clint,” Rhodey said firmly. “Stop. Peter has done amazing things, stop belittling that.”  “It’s just light-hearted teasing,” Wanda said. “It’s not like he can hear us all the way down there.”  “Yes, he can,” Rhodey said.  Everyone fell silent and Peter hunched over further when he could feel everyone’s eyes on him.  “Ah shit,” Clint muttered. “I forgot he had super hearing.”  Peter didn’t know what to do. He could feel everyone gaze on him, making his skin prickle and the hair on the back of his neck to stand on end. His spider-senses screamed at him to move but a part of Peter was too embarrassed. If he got up, he would have to pass them to get into the house and Peter couldn’t face them, not after what they thought of him.  Hearing the mechanical whir of Rhodey’s braces, Peter contemplated if he had eno
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Big Brother Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Sad Peter Parker
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Super hearing
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Peter Parker Has a Bad Day
The Avengers are dumb
Uncle James "Rhodey" Rhodes

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

