Work Text:

A white flare of pain turns into an explosion in his head; he hears his name and loses his grip on his brother and then he blacks out.
☈ ☈ ☈It’s Thursday and the desert shimmers; he squints to look at it, that unusual shake to the air, but it’s probably just a trick of his headache.Theo’s going to a party even though he doesn’t want to; he has this merciless headache and he’s exhausted, though he’s not sure why.  He usually likes parties, drinking and sharing stories with friends and watching as everyone and everything gets louder and louder.He takes a bottle of wine and a couple of sixers because no one can have too much booze, no one, and when Syl meets him at the door, she shakes her head.“Can’t even tuck in your shirt, can you?”Theo smiles.  “I’m more comfortable like this.  And you said I looked like a model.  Especially in jeans and plaid.”“You’re never gonna let that go, are you.  I was drunk!”“Too bad,” he says, smile trying to work around his headache.Syl sighs, pushing her dark hair behind her ears.  “Fine, whatever, Mr. Big Ego.  Get in here.  If you can fit.  With your huge ego.  Got a new face for you to talk loudly at.  He’s from the lab.”“Where is this prey?”“Over there,” Syl says, pointing behind her, balancing the wine and beer.  “And I bought a new box of glasses, just for you, big boy.  Break ‘em if you want.”He wants to say thanks because he forgets his own strength a lot of the time, the same way people forget if they locked their doors, but he’s distracted, looking for the new face to talk loudly at.A tall man, lithe, about his height, shoulder-length black hair and a half-smile directed at Vince as they lean against the bookcases, the man flicking the pages of a book with long fingers as he talks and randomly, Theo needs to see the man’s eyes.He doesn’t know why.“Theo.  Theo.”“What.  Yeah.”“Uh, I’m assuming you want an introduction.  I’m hoping,” Vince says, blinking fast in his usual signal of stop being stupid, Theo.  “Unless you just want to continue standing there looming like an idiot.”“Oh, yeah, right, sorry.”  And sometimes he feels pretty damn stupid.“Theo, this is Lock Lafoy.  Lock, Theodore Owens.  Or Musclehead.  Mr. Big Ego.  The Almighty Hammer—““Whoa, okaaay, yeah, shut up now, Vince,” he says, this needs to stop, he likes to brag, but this is embarrassing, “I said now, Vince,” because Lock is staring at him with green eyes, green like chips of marble Theo saw once in a museum, his expression barely restrained dark amusement.  “Theo,” he says, holding out a hand.He’s expecting a light, easy handshake, but Lock equals him, firm, and Theo’s fingers squeeze involuntarily when Lock says, “Theodore.”“You can call me Theo.”Vince grins, eyebrow up, like he’s waiting for a fight to break out any second, and Theo gives Lock’s hand another shake, but Lock lets go, says, “Theodore.”And it sounds familiar.His headache starts to dissipate.-Theo runs off to get a beer and Lock is reminded of a puppy, a golden retriever, with that easy blonde coloring and bounding step.Theodore.Vince says, “He’s a boxer.  If you couldn’t tell.”“Given the massive size, the bruise on his jaw, the scrapes on his knuckles?  Makes sense.”And just like that, Theo’s back, as if he’s fetched a stick Lock’s thrown and Lock feels the need to step away like he might be pawed at, but he’s sort of trapped and he sighs to himself, annoyed.“Doesn’t make me a caveman,” Theo says and Vince replies, “You come pretty close.”“Boxer like you, had your brains knocked around a few times?  It’s nice that you can make complete sentences,” Lock says before he can think about it; it’s instinctive to snark at this stranger he’s just met and his belly shakes in confusion.  “Actual proper sentences with polysyllable words instead of guttural sounds and glottal stops.”Theo looks surprised, then he laughs, loud and rolling, and Lock hides a smile because dammit all to hell, Theo’s laugh is contagious, and Vince shakes his head, saying with a wave, “I have other guests.  This is a party.  I know how iffy you are about parties, Lock, imagine our glee when you deigned to join us mere mortals, but sorry, you’re babysitting.”“But you aren’t paying me!”A huff of laughter from Theo and he says, “I think I’ve got a dollar.”“You’re not worth that,” Vince says and Lock is indignant, shoving the book into its place on the shelf.“That isn’t the issue.  I’m the one doing the work,” he says, but Theo starts laughing again and his protest is lost in the noise.“Lock,” Theo says as if he’s trying it out, “that sounds…”“Unfortunate.  I know.  I’ve had this name my whole life, I’ve had time to realize that.”Theo actually blushes; Lock smirks, then Theo’s talking fast, “No, well, yeah, you just—““Everyone ends up with something unlucky bestowed upon them by their parents, Theodore.”Lock has to call him by his full name, it’s something in the syllables, in the phonemes, this large man needs the R in his name.Blue eyes, like electricity, and Lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki

freeform: 
Sibling Incest
AUish

fandom: 
Thor/Loki

