Chapter 1: Ch-Ch-Ch-Ch-Changes
    




Chapter Text

Peter Parker had died. 

Peter Parker lived. 

Peter Parker may as well have stayed dead. 
  Tony Stark had died, officially for over an hour, but for his loved ones it felt a lot longer. Being in Wakanda had helped, Rhodey and Pepper had flown him to the Shuri’s lab, where a makeshift hospital had sprung up, they froze him, not wanting his body to stop, monitoring his brain waves… until eventually a beep from the machine, blink and you’d miss it, by the time the doctors, Cho and Banner, and Shuri had decided that it would be safe to unfreeze him they still weren’t sure what Tony would be like when un-iced. The best they could figure was that Tony had been blown, like a fuse connected to too strong a current, but even with that hypothesis they still had no idea if Tony would ever be like his old self. Peter had stayed in Tony’s room, staying sat on the couch, silently watching, without wanting to overstep his place by sitting at Tony’s side, despite Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy all trying to convince him to talk to Tony or to hold his hand, preferably both. He didn’t open his mouth to do anything other than drink and eat when one of those three people or the rest of the Avengers strong-armed him into doing so, he tried to even not sleep, only doing so when he passed out. He was so sleep deprived that he was passed out when Tony awoke, freaked out, fighting the tube down his throat, but awake. He was awake the next time though, when Tony woke, no longer incubated, alert enough to understand where he was, to squeeze Pepper’s hand, to smirk at the worried Rhodey and Happy, to raise an eyebrow at the bandaged stump where his arm had once been as though adding a prosthetic arm to his to-do list, his eyes fell on Peter who had stood up for the first time in two weeks. “...Kid?” His voice was rough from weeks of sleep and tears were already building up in his eyes.Peter had been about to step forward but froze, his heart quickening, Mr Stark didn’t want him there, he shouldn’t have intruded, he should have let any of the many people offering to drop him off at his Aunt’s take him. “He’s real, Tony.” Pepper’s voice was clear and strong. “He’s alive, he’s safe, you saved him. You got him back.” She looked over at Peter giving him that warm motherly smile she had given him the past few weeks in Wakanda, and when he went by the tower after all the events of Homecoming made Tony realise that he should try and step into (or at least take a few steps towards) the more paternal role Peter was desperate for. Pepper turned her eyes back to her husband. “He’s been waiting for you to wake up.”Tony’s eyes locked with Pepper for a second, before looking at Peter with an already tired smile. “Pete, c’mere.”He watched his mentor gestured with his head and Peter had no other choice than to obey. He went to walk on the right side of the bed, but Pepper guided him to the same side she was stood on, he didn’t understand why until she moved so that he was stood closer to Tony, and Tony’s hand cradled his cheek. For the first time since the last Snap Peter’s eyes filled with tears, his throat tightened and he bit the inside of his cheeks, still a couple of tears escaped, Tony wiped them with with his thumb, surprising Peter but only Peter.“Tears for your long lost mentor?” He heard Pepper give a snort of laughter, and could practically feel Rhodey’s eyes roll and Happy’s vein pop in his neck, and it was worth it until Peter nodded and sniffled.Before he knew it, Peter’s arms were around him, he was still for a second, before wrapping his around Peter, making gentle shushing noises, he could see Pepper rubbing Peter’s back with her hand, trying to soothe him, he couldn’t help but love her just that little bit more for that.When Peter pulled himself together enough he took a step back from the bed, wiping his eyes on the sleeves quickly in the hopes they would all suddenly forget what they had just witnessed. “Sorry- sorry, I-, Mr Stark, I know we’re not there, I won’t-““Kid.” Tony rasped his words were slow and tired, “we’re there. ’N no mis’er Stark crap, Tony.”“You need to eat,” Tony’s eyes fluttered shut and he tried his hardest to keep them open even as the pain killed surged from the I.V around his body racing to put him to sleep, “shower, ’n’ sleep, ‘m not goin’ anywhere. Listen t’Pep, stay wi’ us.”The room watched as Tony fell asleep.“Right,” Rhodey spoke up, “I’m going to pick up some food, Hap you wanna help?” He sent him a look until the other man begrudgingly stood up in compliance. “Pete, the clothes for you are still on the size, they’re not what you’re used to, but they’re the most comfortable thing I’ve put on my body.” His eyes flickered to Tony instinctively, waiting for the smirk and the comment, the one which he’s say something which would inadvertently traumatise Peter, but he was fast asleep.“Once you’ve slept you’re calling your aunt. I’ve been fielding the calls, l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
May Parker Has an Abusive Partner (Spider-Man)
may parker's abusive partner trope
may parker is neglectful
in this fic irl i adore her
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Angst
Tony Stark Lives
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Abused Peter Parker
Physical Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Abusive May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peter Parker has PTSD
Peter Parker Deserves The World
instead i shall put him through hell :)
title from a Sea Girls song
called Transplant and it makes me cry
Temporary guardianship
Foster Care
Peter Parker acting out
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
tony starks recovery
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

