Work Text:
Their first day home, Bucky sleeps all day in the guest bedroom. Steve walks up to the closed door every two hours and then retreats, trying to give him some privacy.He’s wondering whether to call Bucky out for dinner when Bucky makes that decision himself, drifting out of the room. His eyes are still dark with tiredness but there’s an alertness to them now, not like when Steve had found him in Portland, lashing out like a wild cat.“Hi,” Steve says, smiling. There’s mac and cheese cooling on the counter and he sets out two plates. “You hungry?”Bucky looks at the food with deep longing but all he says is a short, “Yes.”“Okay, good,” Steve says, and passes him a fork.Bucky eats with single-minded focus, clearing his plate before Steve’s had time to eat half of his. Then he leans back, fork still clutched in his fingers. He looks at Steve, but doesn’t say a word.“You can have some more, if you want.” Steve gestures to the dish.“Okay,” Bucky says, slowly, like he’s surprised. Steve stands up to get Bucky some more and has to pause, his back to Bucky, while he takes in slow deep breaths.        See, Steve thought they’d have time. To talk, to sleep, to learn to be human again.He'd thought, stupidly, that the world might gently pass them by.        Natasha comes by on the second day. “Steve,” she says. “The Russians are demanding that the Winter Soldier be extradited.”Steve sits down abruptly. It takes him a while to speak.“He’s a citizen,” he says when he remembers how to talk. “He’s an American citizen, they can’t—”“Think about it, Steve,” Natasha says, putting a hand on his knee. “For that to be true, he’d have to be ninety something years old. It’s easier for everyone to pretend he’s Russian — that he’s always been Russian.”“There’s gotta be documents,” he says. “Proof that he’s Bucky.”“Yeah, and we’re looking for it, but in the meantime?” She crosses her arms. “The Russians aren’t going away, Steve. They want their asset back.”“They can’t have him,” he says, with enough viciousness to surprise himself.“I know,” she says. “We’ll figure something out.”        He doesn’t know what to do.“I don’t know what to do,” he says out loud.“Neither of us are lawyers,” Sam says. “Don’t you think it’d be better to ask someone trained in this stuff?”“Who?” Steve asks. “Nobody is trained for this.”“SHIELD had to do it when you woke up, man,” he points out. “Now, granted, it wasn’t exactly the same situation—”“I’m not going to SHIELD,” Steve says. “Not if there’s the smallest chance—”“You’re right,” Sam says reflectively. “We don’t want to have to do this again.” Then he says, “What about that guy, Stark?”        “Cap!” Tony says when he sees them. “You know, I’ve invited you here like, what, seven times? I should be hurt. I am hurt. Wilson, we have got to talk R&D on those wings.”Steve had forgotten how exhausting it is to hear Tony talk. “Sorry,” he says. “I was kind of busy.”“No hard feelings, you’re here now,” Tony says, and he genuinely seems to mean that. “So, what brings you guys here?”Steve sighs and tries to figure out where to start. “I have a — friend,” he says, “who could use some legal help.”“No,” Tony says, delighted. “Is it drugs? Women? How did this happen, you’ve gotta tell me all about it.”“No, he actually has a friend,” Sam says dryly. “Not everyone is like you, Stark.”“Okay,” Tony barrels on, undeterred. “Still. What kind of legal help? There’s a story here, I can smell it.”Steve looks at Sam. Sam shrugs.Steve takes a breath and says, “Any of your people practice international law?”        “I’ve got JARVIS on the HYDRA files,” Tony announces. “If there’s anything out there documenting the Winter Soldier’s origin, he’ll find it. In the meantime—”“In the meantime, we’ve got the Winter Soldier in Steve’s apartment and the entire world looking for him,” Natasha says. “He can’t hide forever, Steve.”“I know, I know,” Steve says. “HYDRA’s a concern, but they’re disorganized right now, so we’ve got some time. I’ll deal with the United States government. but the Russians…”“They’re not gonna give up,” Natasha says. “It’s a chance for them to reacquire a valuable asset.”Steve flinches, but he knows it’s the truth. It’s how they see him. It’s how HYDRA saw him.“So how do we stop an extradition?”“Man, this would be so much easier if we could prove he was a US citizen,” Sam says.“I’d marry him if I could,” Natasha says. “But I haven’t applied for citizenship yet.”“You haven’t?” Clint says. “Hasn’t it been like—”“Eight years,” Natasha says. “I’ve been busy.”“I’ll do it,” Steve says. It’s weak and shaky, and he clears his throat. “I’ll do it.”“What, take my test for me?”“No, marry Bucky.”There’s silence for a moment. Steve is acutely aware of all the eyes on him.“Are you crazy?” Sam says.“Steve, I was kidding,” Natasha says.“Can he do that?” Clint says.Tony says, “Finally, an idea.”        “Gay marriage is legal in New York,” Bruce says slowly.“Right, because that’s our biggest issue,” Clint says.“There is no is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fake Marriage
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pining

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

