Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Mia walked into the party feeling a little shy, she looked around quickly and spotted Natasha and Wanda. So she made a beeline straight for them.Parties weren’t exactly her favourite scene. But she had promised the team she would attend, considering she had managed to make up an excuse not to go to the past few.Ever since she started working in the tower with The Avengers, her life had changed rather drastically. She had only gone there originally for work experience through college, but the team liked her and Tony wanted to keep her on in charge of their social media presence. She was super nice, so helpful too in other areas. Nothing was ever too much bother for her.Being offered her own room in the tower and a well-paying job there had been too much to pass up, of course. There was no downside really… Well, aside from one, maybe.She had a bit of a crush on one of the team members. Or maybe, a huge crush. But what made it a little tricky, was it was the trickster himself. Loki. She had been mesmerised by him from the first moment she met him.He was a charmer, had welcomed her with a kiss on the back of her hand. Making her blush like a schoolgirl. She often tried to be in the same room as him when possible, without looking suspicious. But at the same time not getting too close to him. Luckily, she’d become good friends with Natasha and Wanda, so was often hanging out in the main living room where Loki sometimes frequented. She was barely able to get the courage up to speak to him. He was a literal God, after all. She even struggled speaking to Thor sometimes, but it was worse with Loki because she found him so attractive. It wasn’t just his looks, but his intelligence and mischief too. He seemed fun to be around, was often pranking the others which made her laugh.It was his voice that always hit her the most though. She could just listen to him speak about anything at all, it was such a soothing and lovely voice he had.But something she would never admit to anyone, not even Natasha and Wanda, was in her mind she thought that Loki was perfect Daddy Dom material… But then, she wasn’t sure if it was maybe just her fantasies that made her think that of him.‘You look beautiful, Mia!’ Natasha said as she hugged her, so did Wanda.‘Thanks.’ Mia blushed a little.‘Did you pick that colour for a certain… Someone?’ Wanda asked, winking.‘You do suit green though.’ Natasha said as she looked her up and down.‘I… kind of.’ Mia said sheepishly.Natasha and Wanda knew about her crush. Not that Mia had told them, but they had worked it out quite quickly. The way her cheeks went a little red whenever Loki was in the same room, how she would always glance over in his direction. Her general demeanour always perked up when Loki was around.‘Oh, speak of the devil.’ Wanda said quietly, sipping her drink as she looked over Mia’s shoulder.Mia froze, feeling a shiver run down her spine as she knew he was behind her.  Loki had spotted a lovely figure in green, as he moved to get a better look, he was stunned to see it was Mia. She had her dark walnut coloured hair up nicely too, in a messy type of bun. He’d always found her rather adorable, but she was so shy and he was never able to get her alone to chat properly. She was a bit of a flight risk, often darting off when he made his way towards her. He felt she was intimidated by him, which he wanted to rectify if possible.‘Ladies.’ Loki greeted with a nod, his voice like smooth velvet as he came into her view at the side. But then he looked directly to Mia and smiled. ‘Mia. You look beautiful, that dress is very becoming on you. If I may so.’ He said with a slight twinkle in his eyes.Mia thought her face was going to combust with how badly she blushed. ‘Oh… thank you, Loki.’ She said quickly, not quite able to make eye contact with him.He was looking very regal in his Asgardian armour, him and Thor always went all out for the parties. Making sure everyone remembered they were royal Gods.‘I also couldn’t help but notice you didn’t have a drink… May I get you one?’ Loki asked politely.‘Please… Thank you.’ Mia spoke quietly, able to look up into his eyes for a moment.Loki nodded and went to fetch her a drink. She turned to look at Natasha and Wanda, who were grinning at her.‘This could be your chance!’ Natasha said as she nudged her playfully.‘Don’t be silly. He’s just being… polite.’ Mia shrugged as she looked over in Loki’s direction, he was getting her a drink from the bar.‘He never compliments anyone, Mia. You should feel honoured.’ Wanda said, then went quiet when Loki returned with a drink for himself and Mia.Mia was surprised when he handed her favourite to her. ‘How did you know what I like to drink?’ She asked, curiously.‘I remember from the first evening you were here, when we all had a few drinks.’ Loki grinned and winked at her.Natasha and Wanda shared a knowing look with one another. ‘We’re just going to get some food.’ Wanda said as 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Dominant Loki
Daddy Kink
daddy dom
Daddy Dom Loki
dd/lg
Little
D/s
Daddy Loki
Fluffy
NSFW
Vaginismus
oc with vaginismus
supportive Loki
Spanking
Praise Kink
Fingering
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Toys
Vibrators
Dilators
Living in the Avengers Tower

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

