Work Text:
Steve Rogers, 27 years old and currently watching ‘Say Yes To The Dress’ at 3am in his boxer shorts and clutching a bag of Cheetos, is pretty sure his life got derailed at some point. His job, which had been billed as ‘the new wave of animation’ turned out to be just like the old wave of animation – same styles, same art… same everything.He’d hoped that things would be different this time around, but since Peggy left, Shield just wasn’t the same. He was pretty sure the CEO had good ideas, but the way they went around implementing them wasn’t ideal. He grabbed another handful of Cheetos and munched his way through them. Maybe it was time to take Stark Studios up on their offer.All Steve had ever wanted to do was draw. He’d grown up with Disney and Don Bluth, Pixar and Dreamworks on constant repeat, loved the new style of CGI – but his heart would always belong to the hand drawn animation of the old school Classics. He’d been working on a short of his own, painstakingly putting together seconds of animation – trying a new method of using watercolours.None of that, of course, really excused him for watching bad TV in his underwear on a Friday night, but still. He was artistic, right? He got to act like a slob every now and then – especially since he’d taken an extra hour on his run that morning.Sam had been pissed because he was still trying to work off that Halloween candy he’d bought ‘for the kids’ before realising that there was little chance of kids walking up 8 flights for some candy, and then eating the lot. Steve hadn’t been quite so bad, he’d managed to give most of his away.Normally he’d not give into the blues, the Cheetos at 3am in your shorts blues – normally he’d work out, make something healthy and organic and full of vegetables and get some sleep, but he was so done with being good all the time. Doing what he was told by everyone.Admittedly, doing what he was told by Doctors did change his life – he was no longer 95lbs of wheezing teenager with a bad heart and worse long term prospects. A little too late to escape the bullying but not too late for senior year, he’d shot up, and out – open heart surgery to fix a faulty valve meant he was no longer at risk from suddenly dying of a heart attack, and his new asthma meds meant that his lungs were not actively trying to kill him – and now at the grand age of 27 years old, he was built (as Sam liked to say) like a ‘fucking tank’. He didn’t get picked on, mostly people tried to pick him up – but he remembered being the last guy picked for sports, and the one no one wanted to date. In fact, the only friend he’d ever had growing up was Gabe, who’d moved away to live with his grandparents in Iowa, leaving Steve absolutely desolate without his best friend. Of course, now he had more people around him – Sam, who worked as a therapist and ended up on Steve’s couch more often than not because he saw some crazy shit in his job. There was Peggy, who had moved out to Washington for a new job, who skyped him almost every day just to catch up. There was Thor and Jane, who kinda came as a joint package with Jane’s BBF Darcy, and Steve’s liver couldn’t quite keep up with all three of them when they got started. He’d even go so far as to say Tony and Pepper were friends too, although he wasn’t quite sure if they were just trying to get him to go work for them.But no one, not really, whom he could call at 3am while eating Cheetos in his boxer shorts when he was feeling a little down. He must have drifted off. Must have, the light was slowly filling the apartment from outside, and the show was some early morning crap that was trying to tell him about how a colon cleanse would add years to his life – when he was snapped out of his doze by what could only be described as a full on scream. Jumping to his feet in an instant, knocking the half eaten bowl of chips out of his lap and sending them like little orange rockets all over the damn apartment, it took him a moment to work out that the noise must have come from somewhere… upstairs. He could hear movement from the normally silent apartment, and then another scream. Steve knew it would take longer to run up a flight of stairs than it would to use the fire escape, so he launched himself towards his window, grabbing his baseball bat as he went.  Whatever was going on in the apartment above him, it wasn’t good – and his mind was instantly filled with horror stories. A robbery gone wrong? A murder?Would he get to the apartment too late, just in time to see some blood soaked serial killer lurch out of sight – but not before the guy saw his face… The cold metal of the fire escape was painful on his bare feet as he booked it up the rattling stairs. Would he end up in Witness Protection, with a new name and a new job? What would Sam and Peggy think if he just vanished without a trace? He couldn’t let that stop him though, he had to do what was right.The window was open, probably to let in the crisp morning air, and Stev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Spiders
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Funny
Fluff and Humor
Meet-Cute
First Meetings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

