Work Text:
0.For as long as Tony Stark can remember, he has known Steve Rogers. He wonders if he knew him even before he was born. 1. He is nine months old and there is a pair of very, very blue smiling eyes above him, and he is held in immovable yet gentle arms, close to a chest within which a strong heart goes thu-thunk.  2. He is two years old, and there is a blond giant in the room, taller than Dad, enormous shoulders wide enough to block the light. Tony is not big enough to not be scared at the sight of him, but when the man sees him, he smiles wide and kneels so that he is just a little above Tony's height. "Hi, Tony," he says. His voice is very warm. "It's Steve. Remember me?"Tony looks to Mom for reassurance. She is sitting on the squishy couch with another lady, this one dark-haired and with a slash of red lipstick above her cream white blouse. Mom smiles, and so does the lady. Tony is only little, but the lady's eyes are sad, he can tell."Say hello, darling," Mom directs, and Tony stands straight and offers Steve his hand."Hello, Steve," he says. He should say, 'Pleased to meet you,' next, as Mom taught him, but the man really does look familiar. Tony's small hand is engulfed by an enormous palm, soft and gentle on his. Tony grins, watching as the blue eyes blink fast a couple of times before crinkling at the corners."Wow, are you going to be a heartbreaker when you grow up," Steve says. "Just like his Daddy," Mom says. She is sad again. Tony tugs his hand away from Steve's and goes over to her, hugging her leg. Mom puts a hand in his hair, stroking gently. "My little Tony-Tone," she whispers into his hair. 3.Tony is five years old. He is welding a microprocessor to a circuit board. The smoke is acrid and stings his eyes, but he keeps going, because if he can get this in place then he can attach it to the other wiring inside the bot's casings and it will move! It'll be amazing.Outside his room, Dad is talking to someone. "He's fine," Dad says. "I was doing the same kinda stuff by the time I was his age, and I turned out pretty damn awesome.""Jesus, Howard. Maybe your parents didn't know better, but you sure should. Get him some protective gear, at least.""Christ, you're a worse nag than Maria. Fine. I'll get him some goggles. Not gloves, though, they interfere with his grip, they don't make them the size of his tiny girl hands."Tony's hands squeeze down on the handle of the welding torch. Dad said he can handle it, and he can. He won't stop, not even when he burns himself again. 4.Tony is ten and he is watching as Roger whizzes around the room, chains finding no predicaments in the piles of books and notes on the floor. Roger is three weeks old now, and ready for presentation at the school fair. If Tony says so himself, he is miles ahead of the competition he might face from the other kids in his science classes.Roger bumps into the door, reversing until he can turn - but he never gets the chance to. The door slams open, squashing Roger into the wall.Tony doesn't let out the whimper clawing at his throat. Howard stands in the doorway, eyes cold where they sweep over Tony's floor."What are you playing with now, boy?" he says, irritation warring with disinterest. Tony would take the irritation any day. At least that would mean Howard saw him. If he were any other kid, and if his father was any other man, Tony would run over and proffer Roger's bent form, and ask for help. But his father is who he is, and Roger has a better chance with Tony anyway. Then someone steps closer to the doorway, and Tony can feel his entire face lifting."Steve," he says, ecstatic. Steve smiles. Unlike with Howard, it reaches his eyes and makes them glow. "Hey, Tony," Steve says, with every indication that he is just as pleased to see him. "What'cha doing?""I was testing Roger, for the school fair," Tony says. He ignores Howard's dismissive sigh and drops to his knees, fetching Roger from his pinch. His left side is a little dented, and one of his chains has detached, but Tony can fix that, easy. Steve leans down to look closer when Tony straightens and offers Roger to be inspected."He is a very good-looking robot, Tony. I bet you're really proud."Tony shrugs. "I can do better," he says. It's one lesson he has learned well. Steve's sky-blue eyes cloud over; he darts Howard an unreadable look. "I'm sure you can. But it's a great achievement, all the same.""Come on, Steve," Howard says, interrupting whatever Tony had meant to say. "I got some specs to show you. Real science, you know."Steve's jaw ticks. He smiles at Tony again, but it's not as carefree as before."Thanks for showing me," he says, reaching over and running a hand through Tony's hair. The touch sends a shiver down Tony's back, though he doesn't know why. "You're the smartest kid I know. I'm sure you'll do amazing at the fair."Steve leaves. Tony walks over to his desk and turns on the light. The room seems dimmer than before. He hammers out Roger's dents and fixes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
growing up with Steve Rogers - a story by Tony Stark
paternal neglect
Self-Esteem Issues
questionable parenting
death of parents
death of spouse
Canon-compliant violence
legacy babies
Unreliable Narrator
an instance of a minor trying to seduce a grown-up
Unrequited Love
get-together
Age Difference
kind of soulmates
mention of a dangerous sexual situation
Pining
Misunderstandings
Miscommunication
underage drinking (to dangerous levels)
Found Families
Happy Ending
Explicit Sexual Content
Protectiveness
Possessiveness
slight codependence
Daddy Issues
Howard is a dick
God bless Steve
Angst
the working title of this fic was angsty bb Tony so
grieving the death of a loved one

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

