Chapter 1





Chapter Text



Deadpool had been browsing the internet on his day off work. It was something he ended up doing most of the time, checking his facebook feed, maybe visiting some other social media channels, but mostly he just looked at funny pictures, and videos of cats. The fact that he eventually stumbled upon porn was merely a coincidence. Or not. It depended solely on the day he had before he opened the run down junk of a computer, but that was beside the point.
Random browsing always gave fruit in one form or another. After all, there was bound to be something worth the while in the world’s biggest database. Today that thing was a site to a local Halloween themed party store with costumes and the whole shebang. Not that he needed any, but it somewhat fascinated him that there were pretty much all the superhero costumes lying around with cheaper than dirt prices. Hey, maybe if one day they started selling his uniform, he could save a dime by using all these cheap replicas of uniforms. Besides, durability was never one of his concerns; it was hard coming up with times his suit was not in complete tatters once he arrived home at the end of the day. Too bad he was one of the not so known heroes, on whatever category he fell into, and his get up was sadly missing from the catalog.
They did have other costumes though, like Spider-man, Captain America, Iron man, and plenty others. It would be interesting to goof around in Spider-man get up and wreak havoc in New York, but now that he thought about it, he had a way better idea in mind. He could just order the Spidey second skin suit online and stuff it up with cotton and have his very own Spidey buddy. How had he not come up with this before? It would be like a life size replica of the creepy crawler of New York, and best of all, it would be totally, and one hundred percent, worth it. He did not have much of pals to hang around with, but Spidey buddy would not care about the state of his apartment that was practically falling to pieces as it was. He also wouldn’t care about his nasty habits, nor would be complain about his more than profitable job that for some reason did not seem to sit well with the real Spidey out there. Spidey buddy wouldn’t care about the constant supply of take away food and guns that seemed to river down in to the corners of his apartment. Nor would he storm up a wit when Wade's mood swings got the better of him. Spidey buddy wouldn't care that he was bat shit crazy. He had to admit it. He was lonely. He needed a friend. And God had he tried his hardest, but he just wasn’t one of those people you could just get along with. He had proven it several times, and he just seemed to be better off on his own. But maybe he wouldn’t have to be completely alone. Well, he had the boxes, but he would always grave for something physical. And if he couldn’t find something like that, he might as well make something like that. He had to try.
“Are you really sure this is a good idea?” The white box inquired, and Wade nodded vigorously. No matter what angle he looked at this, this could only turn out to be awesome. It was like having a true pal right at hand’s reach at all times. Spidey buddy would never turn down his calls, ignore his texts and come up with lame excuses.
“I know what you are thinking Wade, really?” The yellow box sounded quite sarcastic, but it went over Wade’s head completely unnoticed. Because, to be quite honest, there really was no rule against dragging a life sized Spidey doll with you to the movie theater as long as you got seats for the both of them. Oh, this was just getting better and better! He could eat out with Spidey, because honestly he ate inside only because it was boring out there all alone, but he got Spidey now.
Wade virtually dragged the costume in to the virtual shopping cart on the website, and started digging for his bank card. Or bank cards more likely, He had like a punch of those but most which were declined. “This is going to the best thing ever! You guys know where I can get cotton in a bulk?”



-



The delivery of the costume to his very doorstep was short yet it seemed too long to bear. Wade had three huge sacks of cotton waiting, and he took great joy in getting the costume out from its bagging and getting it stuffed.
At first look the stuffing seemed pretty clumsy, Spidey looking all bulgy and dis-proportioned, but he was quite sure it would even out shortly. “Look how majestic he looks.” Wade carried the doll in to the couch and swung it on it, then jumped right next to it. Wade threw his hand over Spidey doll’s shoulder. Wade poked his finger on Spidey’s chest before he stated “We are going to be the best friends.” before he fixed himself a spot in between the dolls legs so he could lie against its chest. “Yes. Quite fantastic.” The boxes agreed, even though a bit sarcastic, and Wade hummed in contempt. It was not all that bad, he meant the stuffing in Spidey. The head resembled a triangl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Friendship
Developing Relationship
E-mail
Skype
Long-Distance Relationship
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
Anal
webs
Command kink
Rimming
Slow Build
NaNoWriMo
80k words
Cute
Dating
seriously
read for yourself
this has it all
pictures inside
Fluff
so much of it
your teeth will rot and you'll get deabetes amount of sweet fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

