Chapter 1: My son, the stranger
    


Notes:
"Raising children is an uncertain thing;success is reached only after a lifetime of battle and worry."-Democritus Author's Note:  At the start of this story, Loki is about the Asgardian equivalent of 13 or 14 years old.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The best thing that about trade talks was when they finished. Odin had that same thought each time he undertook them. They were a necessary evil and a tedious one at that. Over time, he had perfected various tactics to speed things along and was often praised as a master negotiator when in truth, his fleetness sprang from the boredom he endured as a youth forced to suffer through seemingly endless summits on import tariffs and the like. Though a more patient, and he would like to think wiser man now, he held no love at all for the proceedings. It didn't help matters that often the representatives sent to negotiate were often new to their positions and eager to prove themselves to their home realm by standing firm against any demands Asgard tried to make, even when those demands were insignificant and merited no such debate.Áleifr, the representative from Alfheim was no less new to his post than his predecessor had been when Odin first met with him. However Áleifr did not share the same desire to debate for the sake of debating and in fact seemed just as eager to conclude matters as Odin was. The elf worked well with Odin's advisors to draw up an agreement that was suitable to both realms and presented it to him in short order. By the end of the third day, all parties were happy and eagerly anticipating the festivities to celebrate the successful negotiations. As they concluded the final meeting, Odin approached him while the others made their way out."You are a credit to your people, Áleifr. It is not often that these talks are conducted with such efficiency."The elf nodded with a slight grin. "That is high praise from one such as yourself, All-Father. I've observed much in the way of empty posturing in these sort of interrealm dealings. It seems to serve little purpose, especially in a case such as this where your majesty's disdain for such things is not exactly secret.""A reputation I trust you shall attest to your fellow emissaries?" Odin asked. His reputation hadn't yet dissuaded any other diplomats from being difficult but he could always hope it might."I believe I will," he replied, a mischievous glint in his eye not unlike Loki often had. Áleifr glanced in the direction of the great hall. "I've been meaning to ask you, All-Father, if it would be appropriate for my children to attend the celebration tonight?"Odin raised an eyebrow. "I have no objection. However, I should think that as their father, that decision falls to you.""I only wish to avoid giving offence. I am not familiar with your customs in this regard.""My sons would hardly speak to me if I did not allow them to attend. They begged for it almost from the hour they learned to speak. If I deny them not, I would be most inhospitable to deny your children the same"Áleifr inclined his head in a slight bow. "You have my thanks, All-Father. I'm sure my children would not let my wife and I forget it if they were forced to remain in their chambers tonight."Memories of Thor and Loki behaving much the same when they were of the age of the elf's children played through Odin's mind as they walked out into the corridor. He couldn't help but recall the "curse" his mother put on him so many years ago, the promise that he would one day have a child who behaved exactly as he had as a boy. There were times he was certain he could hear her laughter all the way from Valhalla now that he had not one but two such sons."Speaking of," Áleifr said, interrupting Odin's thoughts. "I must express my gratitude for your son's attention. He's been a wonderful host to my family while I was otherwise engaged here."Odin could not help but feel a swell of pride in his son. "Yes, Thor has always enjoyed making new friends.""Oh, forgive me, All-Father. I meant your younger son, Loki."Footsteps faltering, he repeated, "Loki?""Yes," Áleifr affirmed, seeming not to notice the hitch in Odin's steps. "My children have never been to Asgard before and he has gone out of his way showing them around. I fear they will miss him terribly once we return to Alfheim. And if I may say so, Loki seemed quite taken with them as well."The more the elf explained, the less his words made sense to Odin. Loki did his duty as prince in greeting the ambassador and his family on their arrival but beyond that, Odin hadn't seen him show any further interest. Even stranger was Loki seeking out company of such young children. As far as Odin knew, his son preferred more mature company."You're certain it was Loki?" he felt compelled to ask."I am," Áleifr replied, confusion bleeding into his tone."Did my wife ask him to attend your family?""I don't believe so," h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Odin
Loki & Thor
Frigga & Loki
Frigga/Odin

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Sibling Rivalry
Odin's Good Parenting
He's not perfect but he's trying
Community: norsekink
unintentional neglect
Individual chapters will have warnings as needed
Pre-Thor (2011)
Canon Divergence
Family Drama
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Loki & Odin
Loki & Thor
Frigga & Loki
Frigga/Odin

