Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

DISCLAIMER
This is a work of fan fiction using characters from the Harry Potter world, which is trademarked by J. K. Rowling and the MCU, which is trademarked by the Marvel Studios.
PROLOGUE
Harry Potter was so done with everything in the Wizarding World. One minute he's praised like a god, the next minute he's stoned to death. His friends all either have plans for the future or are too caught up with what's been happening around to give a damn about him. All he wanted in life was a family and after everything that's happened, he doesn't think he'll be fit for one. He's got too much baggage to carry. Too many nightmares. Too many pain.The War is over. He's the new Master of Death. It's time to be selfish for once. He wants nothing in life anymore and decides to call on Death to take him.Now the thing is, both Death and Fate didn't usually interfere seem to think off all people in the world, Harry Potter certainly deserves a second chance in life. So when Death came to take Harry, Fate joined and took him away, leaving a copy of his body. Everybody will think Harry Potter died a hero and saved them all when in fact he was very much alive, de-aged into his 3-year-old self with no memories of his past, none of the pain from the numerous curses and hexes, waiting for the person who can give him the love he deserved.There's a catch though. Harry was transported 13 years into the future.What will life be for one Harry Potter, Boy-Who-Lived-Twice, Master of Death in this new world? Will Harry Potter be finally free of danger? Will the Wizarding World find him again?
TIMELINE
The Battle of Hogwarts
1998
Tony Became Iron Man
2010

Tony adopts Harry

2011
The Avengers fight Loki
2012
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Avengers
Protective Tony Stark
Harry Potter is Tony Stark's Child
Tony Stark Adopts Harry Potter
Alternate Universe
Time Travel
Sort Of
Kid Fic

fandom: 
None
