Work Text:
He hasn't thought about it in months.(Okay, that's a lie.)He hasn't thought about it in...a while. But it takes him by surprise anyway, because he's never been claustrophobic, was always a strong swimmer, even has a few good memories of when Howard and Maria had tanned by the pool and Tony had ventured for the first time into the deep end and had kept his head proudly above water.(He'd shouted as much, but only Maria had made encouraging noises at him from the poolside. He was six years old and already knew that his father drank too much to notice something as trivial as his son’s swimming capabilities.)The suit is watertight, every panel sealed and snug. But that doesn’t do much against a massive crack in the shoulder plating. No amount of hydrophobic chemical coats and oil-based sealants could counteract that. Never mind the fact that his actual shoulder is screaming protest at this point.Seriously, fuck HYDRA and their underground bases.His power's running low, the arc reactor flickering. Cold, rancid sewer water is rushing into the fissure at his torn up shoulder, filling up the gaps, rising along his neck in frigid fingers. Broken slabs of cement are pinning him along with the current, and they feel like restraining arms around him.He shouldn’t breathe, should conserve air. He can't breathe.He’s breathing anyway, he doesn't want to but he is, too fast and too shallow and he can smell the sewer for the first time since getting down there, cloying and rotten. There are explosions somewhere off to his right, and if he could just move, he could get loose and pull off the helmet and maybe manage one last repulsor blast, but it's dark and he can't move and oh fucking god he can't see and the water is up to his mouth—He's been like this before.He hasn't thought of it in days. (Not since he'd last slept.)He's there like he never left.  *** Steve hasn't seen Tony in three days, four hours, and 37 minutes.Normally, this would be a blessing.Steve casts a baleful look at the elevator, and Natasha raises an eyebrow at him. "No," she says."What?""Don't go down there unless you want to get things thrown at you.""I'm pretty good at dodging."She shakes her head. Steve frowns, and belatedly wonders why Natasha knew what he was considering doing. Then again, he supposes he had cast the same look at the elevator several times now.Maybe more than several."This is still just one of those things he does?" he asks eventually."I call it 'giving us a goddamn break'," Clint says as he emerges from the kitchen, cradling a mug of coffee. He sits down at the table next to Natasha and bumps her shoulder. "Surely you're at least appreciating the reprieve from his usual brand of assholery."Steve has mostly gotten used to the prevalence of cussing outside of the military, so he disregards it in favor of mulling over what was making a difference this time. It's true that normally he would be somewhat guiltily relieved at the absence of Tony from the common rooms—Tony, who talks too fast and drinks too much and wears entitlement like some sort of impervious cloak (like Howard and yet so much not, it makes Steve's head spin). Tony is hard-headed and impulsive and isn't a soldier in any sense of the word, and more often than not it infuriates Steve that such incredible power and genius is wielded by someone who seems to take the responsibility so lightly. He wants to think that Tony's heart is in the right place, but it worries him that he doesn't often find evidence to support that.It had been different this time, though. One of HYDRA's mechs had thrown Tony across the cavernous base, straight into the sewage system. It was a bad impact, but Iron Man had taken far worse in the past and brushed it off. Yet when Steve had finally gotten over there and dragged him bodily out of the cascading river of bilge water, Tony hadn't stood on his own, but had sagged against Steve as if boneless."You okay, Iron Man?" Steve had shouted over the rushing water.Tony had taken a few seconds to answer, and then it was only with a terse, "Fine," and then finally he'd staggered away from Steve, towards the fight.Steve had brushed it off and followed.He plays the memory back in his head once more.Water had sluiced off of Tony in pints as he'd headed back to send a blast at one of the HYDRA tanks. Steve remembers slipping in the pools he'd left behind him."I think he got water in the suit when he got thrown," he says aloud, chewing on his toast.He feels more than sees Natasha still, her shoulders tightening just slightly. "Hm," she says noncommittally, and doesn't look his way.He waits to see whether she'll elaborate, but it becomes clear soon enough that she won't. He sighs and gets up to put his dishes in the sink.He hadn't particularly wanted to be subject to Tony's workshop projectiles anyway.***Four days, eight hours, 14 minutes.Normally, Steve would be annoyed at this point. The last time Tony disappeared into his workshop, it was because he'd s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
PTSD

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

