Work Text:
The tinny music playing over the hidden HiFi speakers in the Mansion filled the room with Christmas cheer. Tony could hear it just fine, though it missed a certain musical flare when filtered through his suit. He hadn't wanted to miss out on the first annual Avengers Christmas party, but he had wanted to attend as an Avenger and not just their benefactor. It made eating and drinking a little awkward, but... Iron Man clunked over to the wet bar, where he fixed himself some eggnog topped off with a festive little candy-cane striped straw. Maneuvering the straw through his mouth-slit, Tony managed a successful swig of the thick drink. He beamed beneath his mask. Awkward, but feasible. With his genius problem-solving brain, at least.A knock to one armor-plated shoulder had Iron Man turning back to face the room at large. Captain America--AKA Steve Rogers, secret identity not-so-secret to the Avengers who found him in the ice--stood there, beaming at him from beneath his cowl. Iron Man reached up with his free hand and flicked at one of the little helmet-wings. It made Steve huff, and reach up himself to tweak at the little wing to make sure it was still safely in place. Tony smiled fondly at the other man from inside the safe anonymity of his faceplate."Enjoying the party, Shellhead?" Steve asked him.Iron Man nodded. "Sure thing. Mr. Stark really knows how to treat his employees." Iron Man punctuated his observation by saluting Steve with his eggnog. Steve glanced down at it."Not planning on flying under the influence, are you? I had a taste of that stuff earlier so I know how strong it is."Waving his free hand, Iron Man let it fall lightly on Steve's shoulder. "Going to get out of this tin can downstairs in Mr. Stark's lab. Says he's got a tune-up for me for Christmas."Steve laughed at that. "Oh, you're in for a treat, then. I was already on the receiving end of one of Mr. Stark's generous gifts."Inside his suit, Tony perked up. One of his guilty pleasures of his double-life: getting dirt on himself from unwitting acquaintances of both his personae, like Steve. "Oh yeah? What'd our mutual benefactor get you?"Even beneath the cowl and the cozy lights of the dinning room, Steve's blush was evident. He reached up to rub the back of his neck. "It was too darned much, is what it was."Iron Man leaned over and nudged Steve, as gently as he could inside the armor. "Come on, what?""Well... he bought me a building. Is that... It's too much, right? I tried to refuse it-"Tony grinned inside his suit. He remembered.
"What am I looking at, Mr. Stark?"

"A deed."

"A deed?"
"The deed, if you want to get technical about your definite and indefinite articles. The deed to a brownstone in Brooklyn."
"A... in Brooklyn..."

"Building's yours."

"Mr. Stark! I... No, Mr. Stark-"

"'Tony', please."
"Tony, I can't. It's too much."
"Trust me, I've got more money than I know what to do with."

"Then give it to charity, Mr. Stark-"

"Tony."

"Tony, please. It's too much."

"Already made my charitable contributions for this quarter. Trust me, Steve: it's not. Just take it."
"A building?" Iron Man asked. He tilted his head a little, expressing himself through movement where he couldn't through expression. "What kind of building?""A brownstone. In Brooklyn.""He bought you a home."Steve deflated. He looked up at Iron Man pleadingly. "He already gave me a home. All this time, he's the first thing I saw when I woke up, he was my first friend- I mean, outside you teammates, you know. He's done so much, and I could never possibly repay him."Shrugging metal shoulders, Iron Man hummed. "It's not about repaying him. None of us ever could, after all: Mr. Stark can buy and sell us all ten times over without breaking the bank.""I know that, I know mathematically it's hardly a drop in the bucket for him. But still...""Cap, trust me: Mr. Stark's always been generous with his friends. Just accept it, maybe rent out a couple rooms to some families in need to assuage that good old-fashioned Catholic guilt I know is eating away at you, and learn to live with the love. It's just how he is."Steve sighed. "I guess. I just wish I could get him something in return... I know he doesn't need any thing, but if I could figure out some sort of... gesture, or..."It was too tempting. Inside his suit, Tony debated the pros and cons of suggesting a Christmas gift for himself for all of half a nanosecond before he plowed ahead. "Well, you've probably got access to all sorts of old Cap stuff. Money can't buy priceless war artifacts..."Steve snapped his fingers suddenly. Iron Man thought at first he was agreeing with him, but then Cap shook his head. "No, no: Mr. Stark's already got the biggest Cap collection this side of the Smithsonian. But I've got something he couldn't get, from his own collection or the Smithsonian. Thanks, Iron Man!"Iron Man shrugged, a little wary over whatever Steve had come up with. He just really wanted the original shield Steve used to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Christmas Fluff
Christmas
Fluff
Secret Identity
Fluff and Angst
Identity Porn
Armor Kink
Drinking
SteveTonyFest
Lust
Groping
First Kiss
Gift Giving
Gift Fic
Avengers Vol. 1 (1963)
Mutual Pining
Pining
Grinding

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

