Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“So, are we agreed, this is the roster of active Avengers who’ll be on call on Earth?” asks Rhodey, in hour two and minute forty-seven of the first post-post-apocalypse, post reworked Accords meeting of the Avengers.“I’m still not certain I’m comfortable being classified as an Avenger,” says Dr. Strange with a pissy little frown, and Sam nearly groans and faceplants onto the conference room table. If they’re about to have another round of “discussion” about the validity of the Avengers as a team name and/or superhero classification, Sam is going to scream.“It’s just for the paperwork, Dr. Strange,” says Rhodey with a strained smile. “We know your main responsibility is to the, uh, Sanctum Sanctorum.”“I still vote for Avenger Emeritus as a title over Consulting Avenger,” says Stark. “Sounds fancier.”“Overruled,” the entire rest of the Avengers say in near unison, and Stark pouts.“Rude! And after I saved the universe from Thanos!”“We all helped save the universe,” says Steve, only a little more long-suffering than fond. Sam’s honestly still kind of weirded out by how much less Steve and Stark argue now.“Also, if you’re gonna be like that, then I get the veto on account of how I died to help save the universe,” says Natasha. “Okay! So, the roster of active Avengers!” says Rhodey, valiantly trying to keep the meeting on track. “Yea or nay?”A chorus of yeas ripple across the conference room, thank fuck.“Good, great. So, next up on the agenda: the new Avengers buddy system.” A restive grumble and murmur fills the conference room, and Rhodey winces. “Yeah, we know, we know, believe me, we know. This isn’t gonna be practicable all of the time. Not all of you are gonna be handling the kind of situation that makes it necessary, and there are still gonna be solo missions. But in order to comply with the new and improved Accords, we do need everybody to have a partner in the field. Doesn’t always have to be the same partner! But you all gotta pick at least one.” “It’s for accountability and safety, kiddos,” says Stark.“And if you don’t pick your own, you’re gonna be assigned someone,” warns Steve, which gives Sam a sudden and visceral flashback to his junior year English Comp class, when Mrs. Wood made his class do a group project on a Shakespeare tragedy.Sam hadn’t anticipated that becoming the new Captain America would ever end up being a lot like that moment when you have to pick a partner for a group project in high school, when you’re simultaneously nervous as hell about not being chosen by anybody and also not feeling all that great about your own potential partners, because you don’t want to end up with the slacker (Lang) and you don’t want to be wildly outclassed (Van Dyne or Wanda), but you also don’t want to buddy up with the guy who’s way smarter than you and who you don’t really know (Banner or Strange) or the actual child who’s skipped like five grades (Parker), and you’re really just wishing your best friends (Steve and Natasha) hadn’t already graduated (aka retired from active duty), but they have, so you’re gonna have to go for the best and/or only option available to you, which in this case is probably picking your best friend’s other best friend (Barnes). And yet, here Sam is, facing just that scenario.It’s preferable to being a fugitive Avenger, he hopes. It’s definitely preferable to being permanently dead and dusted.“Uh, me and Hope are partners, obviously,” says Lang, and Van Dyne grins.“Oh yeah? Maybe I wanted to pick Wanda instead,” she says, and Lang looks wounded for a brief moment before Van Dyne laughs. “Yeah, yeah, we’re partners.”The conference room fills with chatter, and before Sam can relive the mortifying experience of English Comp and being assigned a partner, he says, “I pick Barnes.”Barnes, who’s been slowly sliding down his chair while looking like he’s making every effort at disappearing—maybe by going fully under the table and making his escape, he’s a stealthy assassin type, he could probably manage it—straightens up, his eyes widening.“What?”Sam raises his eyebrows at Barnes. “You got any objections? I thought we worked pretty well together in the big battle against Thanos.”That’s an understatement, maybe. Because it had been Barnes who’d quickly shaken off the news that they’d just come back to life after having been dead for five years, and it had been Barnes who’d offered a freaked-out Sam a hand up from the Wakandan jungle floor, and he’d been so rock-solid steady that Sam had managed to shove his impending freakout aside and get back in the fight. They’d worked together seamlessly to cover Steve, and then, when Stark got hold of the Infinity Gauntlet and Thor and the raccoon told everybody to hold hands dammit, use the Infinity Stones together, all of us, Sam had taken Barnes’ hand along with Steve’s. Almost three months later, and Sam still doesn’t have words for that experience. For the space of that minute, he’d felt both unimaginably powerful
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Captain America Sam Wilson
Sam Wilson-centric
Sam Wilson Can Talk to Birds
Slow Burn
Birds
Partners to Lovers
Miscommunication
Case Fic
Comic Book Science
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
First Time

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

