Work Text:
Steve ends up in the room next to Tony’s by accident.It’s just…well, it’s a good room, isn’t it, with a view that shows the city skyline; it’s not the skyline Steve remembers, not by a long shot, but it’s still kind of nice to see. There's lots of natural light filtering in--better for drawing, a happy departure from the dark, sparse rooms at SHIELD headquarters--and there's a big, comfortable looking bed against one corner of the room. Like everything Tony owns, the whole thing screams ridiculously expensive, but it's at least more muted that usual.Tony’d vanished down a staircase the minute they’d gotten into the house, said “Go pick a room, whichever you want, Jarvis’ll kick you out if it’s occupied,” to the team over his shoulder as he went. Since there hasn’t been a computerized scolding yet, Steve figures he’s probably good. He drops his duffel bag on the bed to claim it, surveys the whole thing one last time, and goes back downstairs, not seeing the point in lingering. After all, it’s just a room.He doesn’t actually realize it’s the room next to Tony’s until that night, when they walk the same path upstairs, curve around the same corner, duck down the same hall. Steve stops at his own door and Tony stops at the one just beyond it, turns, stares at Steve for half a second, and then grins and says, “Hey, neighbor,” like it’s the best joke he’s ever heard.“Uh, hey,” Steve says, grinning hesitantly back. Tony can be volatile, sometimes, when he’s tired, jumping from pleasant to snappish and closed off in seconds. Steve doesn’t quite know him well enough yet to know all the cues, but he’s pretty sure showing any kind of discomfort here would qualify. “You don’t snore, do you? I kind of had enough of that in the service.”Tony laughs, head tipped back, throat exposed, and oh, god, there it is again, this…this thing that just crops up when he’s around Tony, the sudden, fierce combination of affection and want. Steve swallows, swallows again, shakes his head to clear it.“The walls are soundproof," Tony says, a smile in his voice, "you’re good. Night, Steve.”“Night, Tony,” Steve says, and if he takes advantage of the knowledge that he’s in a soundproof room to jerk off hard and fast against the wall, no one has to know about it.—The thing is, it’s Tony’s house; there are speakers everywhere, embedded in the walls, completely invisible. Steve’s kind of thrown by it at first, but like all of Tony’s crazy technology, he adapts to it quickly enough. Jarvis tells him the weather in the morning, and after the fourth time Steve doesn’t spring out of bed in attack mode; when Fury calls, the phone rings everywhere, out of the ceiling, the walls, and Steve can stand in the middle of the room while the empty air briefs him. It’s bizarre, but then again, everything about the future is bizarre; why, just the other day, the television in the SHIELD lobby had played a commercial for some sort of…food blending device the size of Steve’s hand.(“Oh my god,” Steve said, “that’s incredible,” and Tony stared at him like he was crazy for a full minute.“Seriously?” he demanded eventually. “Seriously, are you serious, you didn’t bat an eyelash at the Quinjet, the armor was just a big metal suit, I can’t get you to understand the cultural significance of Youtube and you still think there’s a guy answering questions on the other end of Google—I know you do, Steve, I know you think that!—but you are impressed, after all that, you know me and you are impressed by a Magic Bullet?”“It chopped that whole onion in three seconds!” Steve said, because it had.Tony didn’t speak to him for two days. The future was definitely strange.)Case in point: on the first morning in his new bedroom, he wakes up to the sound of…drums. They’re not loud, just insistent, an off-key vocalist singing over them, and he looks around for the source of the noise. Eventually he finds it, three long, thin slits in the wall by the ceiling, invisible unless you’re really looking for them.Steve sits back down on the bed, congratulates himself on hunting down one of the speakers, and thinks about telling Jarvis to turn the music off. He thinks better of it, though, and bobs his head along to it a little; music in the future is as odd as everything else, but for whatever reason, he finds the sound kind of nice.—It takes him three days to figure out that it’s a shower vent, that’s it’s Tony’s shower vent, and even then he only realizes it because he hears a familiar voice snap “Oh, fucking hell, Jarvis, kill the code a sec, I’ve got soap in my eye,” in the middle of some song about apple bottom jeans.He’s not proud of his deductive skills (or the fact that he stays in his room, listening, until the music cuts off and the singing stops).—Steve really does have every intention of letting Tony know right away that the walls are not as soundproof as he imagines; lies of omission are still lies, and Steve’s an honest guy. But he kind of…likes it, doesn’t he, waking up t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

