Chapter 1: molasses
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“The future is there... looking back at us. Trying to make sense of the fiction we will have become.” William Gibson, Pattern Recognition.
Bucky rolled over onto his back and sat up in bed, looking out into the darkness of the room. He reached for the lamp but missed it; it didn't matter, because a light turned on anyway. Probably JARVIS.He and Steve had more-or-less "officially" moved into Stark Tower - Avengers Tower, Tony was calling it now - a couple of months ago, after a Hydra splinter group had come after them at their apartment in Brooklyn. Nobody had died, but one of their neighbors had been shot in the shoulder, and Steve couldn't stand to see innocent bystanders hurt. Neither could Bucky, when it came down to it.He was still getting used to the bed. It was too soft, even on its firmest setting, and so big it seemed almost cavernous when Steve wasn't there with him. Steve was with Natasha and Sam on a mission. He'd been gone about a week so far, and the mission was expected to last a month. Bucky had been grounded from this particular mission out of a strong suspicion that the Hydra operative at the head of the base Steve's team was storming might still know trigger phrases that Bucky wasn't aware of. It was a reasonable concern.He sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face, and glanced at the clock. 2 a.m. in New York meant it'd be about 9 in London. He reached for his phone.Steve was first in the list of recently-called numbers, and Bucky pressed the thumb of his flesh hand against Steve's name and put the phone on speaker as it began to ring.Steve picked up on the fourth ring, his voice tinny and far-away. "Hey Buck," he said."Is this an okay time?" Bucky asked.A short pause, and then, "Sure," Steve said. "I'm just waiting to be briefed."Bucky hit the Face Time button, and after a moment Steve's face appeared on the screen, looking very close and a little confused. Steve blinked and held the phone further away, more of him coming into view. He smiled when he saw Bucky. "What time is it there?" he asked."Two -- 'round two," said Bucky, holding the phone out at arm's length so Steve could get a look at him in bed.Steve did, and predictably went a little pink around the edges. "Couldn't sleep?" he asked.Bucky shifted, shrugged. "Woke up and couldn't get back to sleep," he said.Steve glanced to the side and then back at Bucky. "What have you been getting up to?" he asked.A lot of nothing, was the answer. So far Bucky had mostly been staying in. Reading, watching movies. It wasn't terribly nice out this time of year, so it wasn't like he'd be -- going to the park, or whatever. "Oh, you know," said Bucky, studying the way Steve looked from this unfamiliar angle. "Just the usual."He shifted again, watching Steve's eyes follow him. "How's the mission going so far?""Now Buck," said Steve, mock-sternly, "You know that's classified information," and then, "It's fine. Not much to report so far. We're still getting the lay of the land, so to speak. Natasha'd rather we were moving faster.""How perceptive of you," said Natasha's voice from far away, and Steve turned the camera so Bucky could see her. She gave a little wave, and then the screen filled up with Steve's face again."You still on the original timetable?" Bucky asked, starting to perversely feel bored with the conversation. He had never been particularly good on the phone, and he missed all the subtleties of Steve's body language and posture this way. Mostly he missed the closeness of having Steve actually here."'Fraid so," said Steve. "It might be longer, to be honest. If they're determined to be this cautious the whole way through."Bucky smirked at that; cautious and Steve in the same sentence were often cause for trouble in one way or another. Steve's idea of caution wasn't much of one at all. "They know they're working with you, right?" he asked. "The guy who's too impatient for parachutes half the time?""I don't think they were properly briefed," Steve said soberly, and then his face broke apart into a grin. "I should have had you prepare a special dossier.""I don't know if words alone could prepare anybody for the Steve Rogers experience," Bucky said, running a hand through his hair. He squinted at the screen, wishing he could get Steve to go somewhere private so that he could talk to him, really talk to him. "Hey," he said finally, giving up and just asking for it. "Can you -- can I talk to you alone for a second?"Steve glanced around again. "I don't know," he said, and then, "Yeah, hang on, let me just --" and he stood up, the video going rapidly to a jolting view around the room and then the chest of Steve's uniform. When he saw Steve's face again, the lighting and the white-tiled wall seemed to imply that Steve was in a bathroom. "What's up?" he asked, his brows drawing together in concern."Fuck, nothing," said Bucky, irritated eve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Aftermath of Torture
Nightmares
Flashbacks
Phone Sex
(failed phone sex)
Masturbation
Agoraphobia
Anxiety
Codependency
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Inappropriate Erections
Robot/Human Relationships
(sort of; I don't know what to tag this)
Established Relationship
Dissociation
Rimming
Artist Steve Rogers
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
References to Illness
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Christmas Party
Depression
Hospitals
Hospitalization

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Pepper Potts

