Chapter 1: Stay: Prologue
    


Summary:

A/N Bless the writers of this show for some fantastic dialogue. I’m quoting straight from several episodes in the first 9 parts in this story and won’t take credit for any of their words.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Stay: Prologue
  
 “Who the hell are you?” Daniel Sousa demanded. 

 The woman — the beautiful woman — sitting at his desk dismissed him as she perused his files. “Who I am is on a need to know basis,” she said, picking one up to read it more closely.  

 Daniel jerked a thumb at his door with his title, Chief of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s West Coast Division. “I need to know!”  

 The woman looked up. “No, you don’t. Because I don’t exist and we never met. Now, can you shut the door? Please?” 

   
***** At thirty-six years of age, Daniel Sousa counted himself lucky to have the kind of job where he could make a difference. He still believed in Peggy Carter’s mission, still believed in the organization she started, and still counted her as a friend. He quietly looked out for her, as he always had, not to pave paths for her, but to keep an eye out for saboteurs and moles who might cause her trouble. That’s how he stumbled across HYDRA. They murdered him in 1955 for that knowledge. At thirty-six and a few months, he lived on borrowed time. Everything he knew was gone; everyone he’d known had moved on. Daniel’s solace was knowing Peggy lived a long, good life. At thirty-six years old, in a whole new era, Daniel  liked someone.     




Notes:

A/N The AoS S.H.I.E.L.D. file for Agent Sousa doesn’t agree with the MCU or the Agent Carter series. Sousa's file shows him joining S.H.I.E.L.D. in January 1946.  Both Sousa and Carter served with the SSR post-WW2 (which ended in September 1945) and at least through 1947 (Season 2; Agent Carter). Carter, Phillips, and Stark started S.H.I.E.L.D. sometime after that … So the file in AoS Season 7’s founding date for S.H.I.E.L.D. is in conflict. Not only that, the bikini scene at the end of the Agent Carter One Shot takes place when Carter left the SSR to run S.H.I.E.L.D.. Bikinis debuted in France in June of ‘46 and caught on in the USA in the 1950s. Howard Stark being who he is would be very interested in such an invention, of course, but again it means AoS and MCU founding dates for S.H.I.E.L.D. are in conflict.I speculate S.H.I.E.L.D. got off the ground in 1948, give or take, as Jack Thompson isn’t in the New York office (One Shot) when Peggy learns of her new job. We could consider as late as 1950, given the suit styles the men wore in the New York office, but that would be a little late for Howard to catch interest in a bikini, IMHO.On the other hand, maybe we're in alternate timeline and none of that matters. Daniel’s DOB in Marvel MCU is listed as sometime in 1917-1918, which makes him about the same age as Steve Rogers (‘18) and Bucky Barnes (‘17), and 28 or 29 during “Agent Carter.” Sousa was already a supervisor at the New York office when Carter came to work there in ‘46, which makes sense if Sousa had served stateside during the war, maybe after his injury at Bastogne (Dec ‘44). The AoS S.H.I.E.L.D. file indicates Sousa is age 27 in January of 1946 (making him likely born in 1918), so he’d be 36 or 37 in July of 1955, so that, at least, is in agreement. There. See? My inner-geek-slash-history buff had to come out to play.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Daniel Sousa

freeform: 
Angst
slow
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Timequake
Do not post to another site

fandom: 
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Daniel Sousa

