Chapter 1: Mother Nature, Comin' At Ya
    


Notes:
I hope there's still an audience for this ship! (I'm kind of worried that there isn't.) And if you're cautiously curious, please give this story a chance to draw you in.Every chapter title is a line taken from the album Zeros by Declan KcKenna.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Some people could predict change on the air. Sense when their lives were about to be turned upside down. Gwen Stacy wasn't one of them.Life had a funny way of leaping out from behind a bush and punching her in the face. When her little brothers came along. When her cat, Mr Mistoffelees, went off to live on a farm. (That one took her a while to riddle out.) When her best friend Minty went behind her back to steal the role of Swan Princess out from underneath her. Gwen got kicked out of the ballet group for punching her on the nose, but Minty got kicked out of the Gwen Stacy Trust Circle, so who was worse off, really?But the spider bite was the worst by leaps and bounds.It took her almost a week to recover from the post-bite sickness and to realise that the strange changes which overtook her would not just disappear, as she had hoped for five nights straight, curled up in her bed with her too-strong hands clapped uselessly over her ears.The fifth night passed, and in the early light of a new day, she felt at the fading bite on the back of her neck with resignation."Well Gwen," she said to herself, "now what are you gonna do?"Looking down at her hands, then further down at her pyjama-clad legs, she weighed her options. Best, surely, to know exactly what she was now capable of?She jumped, straight up and much higher than she ever could before. The palm of her hand flattened with a smack against her bedroom ceiling. She stuck in place. Wiggling her palm experimentally, she stayed stuck. Firmly.It was then, dangling from the ceiling by the skin of her hand, that she realised she couldn't get down.
"Crap!"
It was a quiet expulsion, meant for no one but herself, but her dad's dumbass-radar must have picked up on it, because seconds later, as she continued struggling, a knock came on her door."Gwen? You awake, slugger?""I'm okay!" she cried, waving her free hand uselessly at the door as if to magic him away. "Don't come in!"Her feet were dangling three feet off the ground and there was no reasonable way to talk her way out of that. She gave another insistent tug but when the paper began to tear her eyes blew wide."Are you sure? You sound distressed, Gwen.""It's just cramps!" she screeched. "Everything is fine!"The rip in the ceiling paper grew larger, with creeping slowness."You want me to bring you a heat pack?" her dad asked after a small pause.Gwen took several deep breaths. "No, thank you," she said. "I'm fine dad."The rip was now, decisively, a tear. Gwen was going back down to Earth again one way or another. Hopefully without bringing down an entire ceiling. She tried to part her hand from the paper, but the grip would not loosen.She heard her dad retreat back down the hallway, breathed a small sigh of relief—And went crashing to the hardwood floor of her bedroom with an oof. A patch of the ceiling paper came down with her, still attached to her hand. Before she had even pushed herself into a sitting position, her dad was barging in."Gwen!"There was a pause of silence. Grimacing, she look up at him, and saw his eyes fixed on her hand. His lips had gone thin."Gwen. What have your mother and I told you about performing experiments in your room?"She groaned. "To not?""Are you alright?" He crossed the room and pulled her back to her feet, looking up at the bare patch on the ceiling with a frown. "What happened?"It wasn't like she could admit the truth. I got bitten by a spider and developed spider powers. What are we going to do about this? With a sigh, she covered her tracks."I was running a chemical test."Predictably, the confession landed her in hot water with her parents. No more home experiments. No seeing friends outside school. No drum practice. All banned for the next week. That meant a lot of time hanging around the apartment, bored out of her mind.A lot of time spent bored out of her mind tempted Gwen to keep exploring her power.The scrap of paper came unstuck from her hand while she was in the shower, and then she spent the rest of her day trying to test herself. Come nightfall, she was bursting with energy, so, tying on a pair of trainers and throwing a pink and white sweatshirt on over her top, she climbed out of her window, onto the fire escape, then up to the roof.The wind blew hard enough to sting, she was so high up, but looking down to the toy city below, she didn't feel any sense of vertigo. She felt great.With her dad out at work and her mom meeting friends for a late dinner, Gwen spent the rest of the night bounding around the rooftop.She felt unstoppable.At school, she zoned out while Cindy was reading her a new s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Gwen Stacy & Tony Stark
Minor Harry Osborn/Gwen Stacy - Relationship

freeform: 
Idiots in Love
Gwen Stacy is Spider-Man
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Spider-Man: Homecoming (Movie)
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Mutual Pining
Slow Burn
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Pre-Spider Bite Miles Morales
Protective Tony Stark
Fluff and Angst
BAMF Gwen Stacy
BAMF Peter Parker
tony will not rest until he has adopted each spider-child
peter is having it
gwen is not
Protective Peter Parker
Gwen Stacy Lives
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Gwen Stacy & Tony Stark
Minor Harry Osborn/Gwen Stacy - Relationship

