Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. in the following story are the property of their respective owners. The Harry Potter characters and plot are the property of J.K. Rowling, Warner Bros, and NBC. Avengers and other Marvel properties therein are the property of Marvel Entertainment, The Disney Corporation, Sony, 20th Century Fox, Stan Lee, and Steve Ditko. I am in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any previously copyrighted material. No copyright infringement is intended nor are there any monetary profits made off of the entirety of the following work.
CHAPTER ONE"There is a man in the lobby threatening to sue unless you see to him immediately," a timid personal informed them.Tony Stark believed himself to be unflappable, so just laughed and spoke, "Sue me for what? There is no way he can go toe to toe with my lawyers and win."A sadistic grin spanned Tony's face. It had been a long time since he has been challenged in that area. A good court battle sounded fun."What is he threatening to sue for?" Pepper, always the rational one, sat up from the couch and addressed his unnamed subordinate.The man licked his lips nervous, "He said he would make up a reason."Tony laughed at the audacity of the man, "Send him up."The attendant nodded jerkily and Pepper excused him, "Thank you Richard."Tony turned to Pepper and with a light tone commented, "Richard. I knew his name started with an R, but are you sure it's not Riley?""Yes Tony," she said, exasperated. "I'm sure.""Who is he anyways?" Tony didn't really pay attention to most of his personal, but the man seemed afraid of him, so they must have met at one point. Nobody cowers that bad without them having already experienced him messing with them.Or drunk.Probably drunk. Richard did work for him after all."The head of personal at Stark tower," she commented, breaking him out of his thoughts."I thought I made Brucie that.""You made Bruce your head scientist," she corrected him, sighing.Before he could think up a clever reply, a man was escorted into the office."Can we find a comfortable place to discuss certain issues? This may take awhile," the man asserted with a strong British accent, almost expecting to take control of the situation. No, Tony wouldn't have that. This was his place."I think here is just fine." Tony motioned to the assorted drinks of the table. "Alcohol?""No, thank you. This is hardly the time," the man scoffed."So," Tony blustered, and spoke jovially. "What are you suing me for?""My client is not suing you; I just needed to talk to you. You are almost impossible to get a hold of.""So why are you here?" Pepper asked as she pursed her lips unhappily.The man sighed. "Do you remember a woman named Lily Potter?""Lily? Pretty-eyed Lily? The biochemist; a redhead?" He wasn't too drunk that night – what, sixteen years ago – and she been brilliant. Great mind and beautiful. What could he say? He had a thing for red-heads.Tony took a good look at the man. He looked to be in his late fifties or early sixties, with impeccable expressive dress – although not brand name – and held himself very self-assured.He wasn't afraid of him. He underestimated him, but not in the usual playboy loose way that people saw him. No, the man didn't like him one bit, and Tony didn't have a clue why.The man reached into his leather briefcase, and pulled out a picture.The bright smile and unique eyes were a dead giveaway. Tony had a perfect memory, even with extreme amounts of alcohol he usually drank, wishing to drown his loud senses. He wasn't an alcoholic. His body wasn't dependent on it. It was just therapeutic because, for once, his mind would slow."Yeah, that's her. What is she suing me for? It was a long time ago.""She's not suing you; she's dead." The man was blunt as he delivered the news.Tony swallowed hard, then weakly joked, "If she died from an STD, she didn't get it from me. I'm clean."The man glared at him and Pepper interrupted. "Before this gets any farther, can you please tell your name and business with Mr. Stark."Tony usually loved it when she called him that because it sounded hot coming from her mouth, but at that moment it sounded dry and harsh. For some reason, Tony was feeling uncertain about the entire situation."My apologies Miss Potts. My name is Jasper Ryes, and I'm the barrister for Mr. Potter from the British law firm called, actually, Potter Law House.""So she was married. I didn't know. But that was years and years ago, so what do you want me to do?" Tony bristled."She was married yes, but her husband died at the same time as she did. I represent her son. Your son."The weight of the man's words hung in the air. Tony didn't say anything. He just stared shocked."Mr. Ryes, you can't just come in here and make those claims. There are certain channels you need to go through. How do we kno
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Lily Evans Potter/Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
minor Harry Potter/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has Issues
Parent Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Harry
Dark Harry Potter
Abused Harry
Physical Abuse
Past Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Additional Warnings Apply
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Past Rape/Non-con
Smart Harry
Angst with a Happy Ending
Pseudoscience
Magical Realism
Runes
Powerful Harry
Master of Death
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
This isn't as dark as it sounds
it's about healing
Family
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Smart Harry Potter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Science Bros

fandom: 
Lily Evans Potter/Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
minor Harry Potter/Peter Parker

