Work Text:
---Junior year, Raven realizes that majoring in social computing does not actually excuse her from the natural science credits she needs to graduate, and after a disgruntled bout of searching through the available classes, she picks the only one that fits around the rest of her schedule (blah blah blah something about evolution) and calls it a day.The first Tuesday that class meets, Raven pulls out her laptop and opens up a Word document, intending to pay attention and take notes like the good student she really is (most of the time). Then the professor starts talking about some dude named Ussher and the age of the Earth, and Raven decides she’ll check Facebook just once, and then she blacks out or something and comes to at the end of class when everyone starts rustling papers and packing up to leave.Raven blinks, then turns her head and catches the eye of the guy sitting next to her, spotting the same look of vaguely traumatized boredom she’s sure she’s got on her face.“Social computing,” Raven says, pointing at herself and shrugging, and the guy grins.“Civil engineering,” he says. “Natural science requirements, huh?”“Sucks,” she says. “I’m Raven.”“Erik,” he says, holding out his hand to shake hers in a firm grip. “Erik Lehnsherr.”*Raven’s never hit it off with someone quite as fast as she does with Erik; she’s got other friends, and she loves them all, but it’s a little like they’re all friends with a different, individual part of her, whereas Erik just gets her as a whole. It’s instinctive, effortless.Raven likes her women with bite and her men a little goofy, and Erik’s type seems to run toward guys more often than not, so they neatly sidestep the issue of “oh well no thanks I don’t really want to date you” and move right on to being weirdly codependent best friends. Erik spends a lot of his time in Raven’s room, because even with her half-hearted cleaning job, it’s still a sight better than the disaster zone that is Erik’s.The first time he comes over, she notices him looking at the picture tacked up above her desk, and says, “Oh, yeah, that’s me and my little brother. Charles.”“He doesn’t look much like you,” Erik inquires, in a way that indicates he’ll drop it there if she wants him to.“Yeah, step-brother, I guess—we’re more each other’s family than anyone else, though,” Raven says, tugging her sweatshirt off as she speaks, voice muffled by the cloth. “My dad married his mom when I was eleven, so he was, uh, five—oh man, he was adorable, I was prepared to hate him and everything else in life but he was, like, tiny and shy and he thought I was the most awesome thing ever. Which I am, so.”Erik looks amused. Raven’s pretty used to filling silences, and he never looks bored when she does, so she continues with the saga of the Charles and Raven show.“But my dad, he’s, what’s the polite way to put this—he’s kind of a dick. He doesn’t like Charles, and I’m not sure he likes Sharon all that much either, and he might like me, but he’s never done much about it,” she continues, shrugging away the old sting of it—Raven doesn’t believe in dwelling on things that can’t be changed. “So he travels for work, and he’s home probably a month or two out of the whole year, and Sharon’s kind of really emotionally absent, so Charles is—he’s mine to look after. He’s my baby brother.”She doesn’t really know why she’s telling him all this, except that Erik has the rare gift of creating that inviting kind of silence that makes people want to spill their secrets in front of him. And he won’t judge her for her rambling, inept confessions—the only way he can talk about his feelings is when he’s drunk off his ass and near-unintelligible, and the fact that she’s already seen him in precisely that state more than once means he has absolutely no room to talk.“I don’t have any siblings,” Erik says, a note of wistful regret in his voice. He’s not ignoring her story; he’s just telling her that if she’s done talking about it, he’ll move on, and if she wants to talk more, he’s there.Raven grins at him, suddenly overcome by a rush of fondness, and she says, “Well, if you want one, I’m around. I’ve got a little bit of experience with gaining unexpected brothers.”Erik grins back, looking pleased and a little shy, and sprawls all over her bed for a Food Network marathon like he’s been there forever.*Raven remembers this conversation later on, and god, does she laugh.It’s either that or get ragingly drunk, so.*When Raven brings Erik home over study break, because otherwise he’ll just mope around on campus and tear his own hair out without her there to put things into perspective for him (“Even if you fail this exam, which you won’t, one exam will not ruin your life forever, Erik. Don’t be such a drama queen.”), she’s a little nervous about Charles meeting him. They’re her two favorite people, after all, and she wants them to get along. Luckily, Charles seems to take to Erik instantly, and Erik tells Raven, later, “I don’t remember wha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Mystique/Angel Salvadore

freeform: 
First Time
Alternate Universe
POV Outsider
Sibling Love
Male-Female Friendship

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Mystique/Angel Salvadore

