Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clint thought he found home when he found Phil and Natasha. The small glock on his left hip had two partners, and the hourglass on Natasha's stomach held the promise of another person who might understand him. They looked for a match, of course, but either whoever held their hourglass was unregistered (likely) or kept it under wraps.
If their missing soulmate also held Clint's arrows or Phil's glock, it was likely that they hid one or both of them; even though triads were common, some traditionalists looked down on them, were even violent sometimes. Some nights, he dwelled on their missing piece, his mind firmly closed against his other two mates, and hoped that they were okay, that they weren't afraid or scared or alone.
On these nights, he would remember the circus, remember cold nights and empty bellies, and hope that their missing mate didn't have to go through anything remotely like what he and Natasha and Phil had gone through. On these nights, he felt the sense of something more acutely than other days. He was searching, he knew, every time he went out, hoping their missing piece would come to them like Natasha had come to him and Phil.
When they all moved into the Tower, when Phil came back from the dead, and they began to sprout each other's marks like flowers, he finally felt like he was where was meant to be. Thor was big and powerful and booming, and when he felt trapped in his own skin, he would go to Thor. The god would smile at him gently, and take him into his arms, making Clint feel small and weak and secure in a way no one else could really make him feel. When he had too much energy and anger, he went to Steve and they would spar, Steve barely holding back his impressive strength as they snarled at one another, and usually ended up fucking on the gym floor.
After those trysts, Steve was always incredibly gentle with him, and insisted on washing Clint down, fingers massaging sore muscles, until Clint was a shivering, limp mass. Steve would take him back to his room on those nights, and turn his back to Clint's front, sighing softly as he settled into the position of little smooth. It made Clint feel powerful, and possessive in a sharp, tense way he couldn't quite manage to have with any of his other mates.
When he felt quiet and contemplative, he went to Bruce. He would sit quietly wherever Bruce was working, or watch over him sleep if it was an odd hour of night. Bruce always had a soft smile and a kiss on his forehead for him, and often shoved food down his throat in such a passive way that Clint didn't realize he was being coerced until he was already bloated.
And of course, most nights he curled up between Natasha and Phil, both little and big spoon, content in his skin while he was between him.
Still, some nights he felt it even more acutely than before; something was missing. Someone, he should say. He'd never been happier, but he'd also never been more frustrated. When Bucky appeared, wild eyed and wild haired, Steve's wings scared over and Natasha's hourglass almost scratched off completely and bleeding sluggishly, he thought they had finally found the missing piece.

 But after Bucky had settled into their group, everyone else's marks quickly filling up his skin, Clint still felt that terrible, horrible feeling that there was something 
missing.
 It grew in the back of his mind as one year turned into two, turned into three. It was always in the back of his mind, growing more and more insistent as the days went by. It became even more insistent when one morning, on his right ankle bone, he found a faint blue circle that hadn't previously been there.


 It was his missing mate's mark, he knew, with a blinding certainty. He immediately put the mark into the database, but no matches came back, and he felt an increasing sense of despair. He grew surer and surer that he was simply never going to find the missing piece. 


 He was on the range that Tony had recently updated -there were now flying targets that tried to hit you- when the klaxon sounded. He was already geared up, so he just flounced into the debrief room, looking around curiously as everyone else showed up. Everyone seemed equally confused as he was as to who had sounded the alarm. When Phil showed up, no reports of Doombots or alien invasions, and they became even more confused.


 “Who sounded the alarm?” Thor asked, Mjolnir clutched in his hand with white knuckles.


 “I apologize for the confusion,” Jarvis chimed in, and Clint looked toward the ceiling in confusion. “However, I thought that this was the best course of action to get all of you to take this matter seriously.”


 “What's going on, Jarvis?” Steve said, hand tightening on his shield as if he expected Jarvis to go Skynet. “Where's Tony?”


 “That is precisely the matter that I wished to discuss,” Jarvis said, and there was a note of exasperation to his voice that Clint marveled at. “Approximately thirty minutes ago, Sir was shot out
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Torture
like sort of graphic
trigger warning for torture
Angst
but there's a happy ending
I promise

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor

