Work Text:


I.
Brimstone and sulfur made an acrid first postscript to Azazel's arrival, the shouts and screams of the corner cafe's unsuspecting patrons a noisy second; then Charles sighed and took a deep, gritty drag of his cigarette, and the humans around them subsided like marionettes."Impressive as always," Azazel drawled, all angular consonants, as the cafe's sole waiter even scurried out to take his order - a long black, no sugar, some sandwich with a distressing amount of bacon.  Charles stirred his chamomile tea and breathed out, rolling the taste of the smoke in his mouth, the warm lover's caress of it through the lungs that he didn't actually need."Azazel.  State your business."A smirk stole its slow way across Azazel's lips, and his sinuous red tail twirled idly around one of the legs of Charles' chair.  Charles arched an eyebrow at Azazel, indenting the swell of his lower lip with a press of his right thumb, and Azazel's tail unwound itself to curl back under the other demon's chair.  "You've grown unfriendly, Cresil.""That's not a name that I use any longer.""Of course," Azazel said mockingly, leaning forward to rest his elbows on the table as the waiter trotted back to them, with a cup of tea for Azazel and a dazed smile and a blush for Charles, lingering one moment too long until Charles frowned to himself.  Within the cafe, there was an irritated shout, and the waiter rushed away, though he sneaked one last, longing glance from the doorway.  "How is mediocrity working for you, Charles? You look pale.""Mediocrity has been lovely, thank you," Charles replied primly, absently, though he took a sip from his lukewarm cup.  The lingering trace of the human's want colored the air, mingling with cigarette smoke, making his mouth water, but he controlled himself in the next breath.  He could last another day, surely, not yet."One of the oldest of Lilith's children, limiting yourself so," Azazel shook his head with arch regret.  "Whatever will your mother say?""You know that she'll be pleased enough were I to starve myself to a whisper," Charles retorted, his eyes narrowing quickly.  Azazel had been a long enough acquaintance, however unwanted, through their long and accidental exile into the Prime Material to know what a mention of Lilith would have on Charles' mood.  "I ask you again, Azazel, what do you want?""Mutants," Azazel said simply, then he grinned slowly and raised his cup to his mouth.  "There are more and more of them about."Charles tilted his head, distracted as a lovely brunette lady glided past, walking a dog that seemed more white fluff than animal; even as its owner smiled prettily at Charles, the dog growled and crouched, teeth bared.  Charles reached out a little regretfully to brush their minds, and human and dog blinked owlishly, together, before turning away.  "And?""They're rather more interesting than the usual human, aren't they? As breakable as a human, but so... destructive, in the right hands.  Perhaps more so than our traditional enemies."Charles frowned at Azazel, setting down his cup.  "The war's over, Azazel.  We lost, remember?""We lost a battle, not the war," Azazel bared his teeth, his tail lashing under his chair.  "You may not care much at all for your mother, but what of your brothers and sisters? They too are imprisoned.""Your business, Azazel," Charles cut in, firmly."I think that I have found a way to break the seals," Azazel seemed to calm down with visible effort.  "Will you aid me?"Charles didn't answer, not at first, smoking the rest of his cigarette in steady, slow puffs, then stubbing it out on the ashtray and breathing out.  "No.""All I need you to do is to keep a few humans docile.  It will be easy with your tricks.""No," Charles repeated, with a small, wry smile this time, as Azazel growled at him.  "I like this world as it is, Azazel.  And I'm sad to say that it will deteriorate rather rapidly should the seals be broken.  Find your own way, you'll not have any help from me.""Fine," Azazel snarled with disgust, muttering something filthy in the Old Tongue before pushing himself angrily to his feet.  "Of all of the Neyaphem who escaped the Cull other than myself, why did it have to be one of the Lilim?""Good day to you, Azazel," Charles said, with firm politeness, and Azazel vanished, in another acrid cloud of brimstone, leaving a bitter, accusing silence in his wake.Charles waved the cloud away with discreet flicks of his hands, and beckoned the waiter over with a smile for another cup of tea.  Azazel was always up to one scheme or another, and for all of his words, he would be back to pester Charles, sooner or later.  There were no others on the Prime Material that were quite like them, after all, and even a Prince of the Neyaphem could be lonely.When the second cup of tea arrived, Charles studied the blushing, stuttering waiter thoughtfully.  He was rake-thin, far too gawky, his skin pocked, and his mind a whirl of self-doubt couched within terribly
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
alternative universe
Slash
that fic where Charles is an incubus

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

