Chapter 1





Chapter Text
~o~0~o~1 A/N: Hello there. Another Loki story, who is surprised? Just want to warn you in advance, I have some problems with my muse, so this story will be updated veeery slowly. And I know – honestly – I need to update my other stories, but it’s just so hard. Sorry for that.For now, please enjoy! ~o~0~o~Slowly looking around his new accommodation, Loki quietly breathed. One would think that a man can go mad, having so little control of his life, but not Loki. Not after lasting for so long without breaking up inside. He has gone through too much to give up now. Because after all, wasn’t it what he wanted? You would ask what he wanted? After the void, after that black rock, after an endless nightmare and quiet hidden despair? He wanted to come home. Sitting on a simple bed, void of any comforts – just a mattress and flat pillow, the once Prince of Asgard shook his head and closed his eyes.
 

Not like that. 
 Because after all, Odin just locked him up. No investigation, no questions, no trial, nothing at all. Odin just locked him up. Oh, and just how pretentious it sounded from the old man - You will spend the rest of your days in the dungeons. While Loki was angry, oh was he angry, resentment was worse. They didn’t even ask! They – Thor, Odin, the council – they always knew better. How much grief Loki would have been spared, if they only listened to his reasons. However, what did he expect? Odin said No to him after all. Perhaps… Perhaps Loki was just in denial? No. No. He didn’t endure so much to convey important news of the threat to not be listened to at all. He wouldn’t believe it, because just how cruel fate can be? Did he not suffer enough? Besides, no trace of the Other was left now, Loki was free to talk about the Titan loud and clear (not quivering as the sharp sting of pain punished him if he dared). He was free. Wasn’t he? No matter. He will wait. He has waited this long. He will wait for a bit longer.
 

Just as he waited for anyone to find him, save him, to come after him-
 No! They cannot just erase him from Asgard. It didn’t work like that! After all, someone would remember him and come. And then he will speak what danger was coming. He may be selfish, but he lived in the universe just like anyone else. He couldn’t let Thanos destroy the world. Not while there was Loki, who can trick the mad man, so the victory would fall through those ugly purple fingers. ~o~0~o~ When nobody came to him after the first few weeks, Loki found himself become frustrated. Any stirring of fear he blocked with fury. There was no reason to be afraid. Yet. Yes, Odin said hurtful things (Your birthright…). Yes, he dismissed him. But... surely, after some time he will want to know where his so-called son was all this time? Right? Odin knew nothing of where he was (at least Loki prayed it was so, the alternative was unthinkable). He should at least care about this? It couldn't have been all lies. Maw and the Other worked hard on making him believe otherwise. And if in something they succeeded (You deserve to rule them), in other things they didn’t (They are glad you are gone). Because no matter how small, his hope was struggling to live in that scary dark place. Sometimes as Loki tried to keep fit and stretching in the tiny cell, the trickster himself was surprised that he managed to get out of the nightmare in which he fell - he got off easily if he could say so. Yes, they have tried to mutilate him, but his only friend – his seidr - robbed them of the pleasure of seeing him ruined. Nebula was not so lucky. And even if the mortals and especially that green ogre were able to injure him, it didn’t even come close to what he has already gone through. Really, the only lasting damage were his frequent headaches. The Other didn’t care one bit when he struck his fingers inside his mind and teared. His back hurt sometimes too, but why wouldn’t it after being broken? Obsidian was thorough. Loki believed Eir as a professional healer would help him with this. But no one – I’m looking at you Allfather! - has bothered to send a healer to him yet. Insulting but also outrageous. Any convict has a right to it, so what the hell was going on? 
It was one thing to ignore him as a lesser son, dismiss him as a younger prince. But he was a citizen of Asgard and had rights like any other. Was him finding out he was Jotun somehow revoked his rights? What nonsense was it?!
 And sadly, Eir probably won't help him with his nightmares either. Being in this cursed cell for ten days already, for nine nights Loki woke up terrified. But it was fine. It was going to be alright soon. Furthermore, if Odin brought his crimes before the council (He did, right? He couldn’t just go and hush it up. Right? He wasn’t a complete despot after all!), they would have questions. And maybe at first Loki would tear them a new one for letting Odin keep him in the dungeons with other criminals as if he was not a Prince, but also for letting t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Loki
Loki & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Thor: The Dark World
Imprisonment
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Loki was not a bad guy
Abandonment
Mute Loki (Marvel)
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Thor is a not good Bro
Warriors Three - Freeform
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Asgard-friendly

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Loki
Loki & Avengers Team

