Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text


 Maggie was a nervous wreck. She chewed anxiously on her lip, fingers twisting with the loose string hanging from her chunky, knit cardigan, while she held her phone between her ear and shoulder. She was leaned up against the bathroom of the cafe, waiting for her friend to pick up. A few torturous rings later, Natasha’s voice came through the phone. “Hey. How’s it going so far?” “Nat, I’m sorry, but can’t do this. The guy has been talking about fishing for the last half an hour. Where did you even meet him?” She forcefully whispered into the receiver. She laughed on the other line. “He’s a friend of a friend. If you’re not into it, just tell him, Mags.” Letting out a stressed groan, she cringed at the thought of having to reject the guy to his face. Natasha had been trying to set her up on dates their whole adult life, but especially now that she was dating Steve. Although, she claimed it was just sex at first, the causal sleepovers had slowly carried over into mornings spent together, and then whole weekends at his house. They were almost a year deep in their relationship now. Something about the fluffy honeymoon phase she was in, made Natasha want her best friend to be in the same boat as her. The two of them had been joined at the hip since elementary school. Thing was, they were incredibly different. Natasha had been gorgeous since she was young, always showered with male attention. She was smooth and knew how to flirt better than most. Then there was Maggie. She spent most of her childhood with her head stuffed in a bulky novel or bent over her sketchbook. In middle school when the girls started getting curvier and taller, she stayed small and basically had the body of a little boy. Her reserved personality only perpetuated her major lack of romantic attention. It wasn’t until college that she started to grow into her beauty, leaving her practically oblivious to it. She stayed much shorter than average, but the contours of her body formed nicely. She had curly dark hair that fell down to her waist, her nose and cheeks were kissed with a splatter of freckles. Her beauty was subdued, but anyone that wandered to spare her a look was taken aback by it. When she first started to grow out of her eighteen year ‘awkward phase’, she met her college boyfriend Elliot. Freshman year at Pratt, they bumped shoulders just outside of her sculpting class, making her topple over and crush her project. After helping her back up to her feet, he offered to help fix it, and the rest was history. The relationship lasted a few years, but ended up being pretty toxic. Elliot was a raging alcoholic by the end of sophomore year, leaving Maggie abused and heartbroken. Let’s just say— the girl avoided most men for the next few years, leaving her where she is now. Hiding in the bathroom of a cafe. Having an anxiety attack about her blind date gone wrong. “Will you please just call me back in like, five minutes? Say there’s an emergency or something? I need an out.” Natasha sighed. “Fine… Pussy.” “Don’t be mean.” “Whatever. Go back and talk to Kane for a bit, I’ll come up with a good excuse, and then call you back in five.” Natasha hung up before Maggie could answer. Walking out of the bathroom, she tottered over to find her seat across from Kane. The cafe was one of her favorite spots in the city. She was excited for the date when he suggested it, but her hopes quickly flew out he window the second he opened his mouth. “Sorry about that. Where were we?” “I think I was telling you about my favorite fishing spots up north.” Maggie’s eyes widened, smiling for him to go on. He continued where he left off, going on about his interest in fishing, which was something she had never even done. The subject was boring her, but her kind nature made her listen attentively. Her hands wandered down to play with a lock of her long hair. Twisting it around her finger, untwisting it, then twisting it again. Mindlessly trying to calm herself down, knowing she was about to lie to the poor guy. Five minutes on the dot, her phone started buzzing. “D—Do you mind if I take this?” Kane nodded. “Of course.” She smiled back, answering the phone. “Hello?” “You owe me big time for this, Mags.” Natasha spat into the phone. “Hey, Grandma.” Maggie faked a sweet tone, despite her hostile friend on the line. She let out a loud laugh. Maggie quickly slid her hand up the phone to turn the volume down, so her date wouldn’t catch the cackling. “Jesus christ, you suck at this. Just say you need to pick up your grandma since her car died or something.” Faking a worried look, she looked up at Kane with concern. “Okay, just stay where you are. I’ll be there soon.” “I’m on my way to your place, bitch.” Natasha said, hanging up on her again. Pulling back from her phone, she looked up at him with an apologetic expression. He quickly caught on. “Is everything okay?” “It’s my grandma.” Maggie started to grab her purse off the chair. “Her 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Businessmen
Daddy Issues
Dominant James Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Slow Burn
James is here
Bucky is gone
Loss of Innocence
Size Kink
Loki is not nice
Love Triangles
Blood and Injury
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Romance
Sociopathic James Barnes
Daddy Kink
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
CEO James Barnes
ArtistOC
Extremely Dubious Consent
Violence
dark!bucky barnes
Prison
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Smut
Spanking
Bondage
Murder
Fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

