Chapter 1





Chapter Text

"James. Bedroom. Please." Tony's breathless voice was just above a whisper as he was slammed against the front door of the apartment they just opened, James kissing Tony's neck frantically.

James slowly pulled his lips away from Tony and took him by the hand, "Come on, doll."

The next thing Tony knows is that he is being pulled down a hallway and into a moonlit bedroom. Tony knows he should feel a little guilty for ending up in a strange alpha's bed for the next hour or two, but it's been so long and this particular alpha was so gorgeous. 

Tony had been working a shift at the bar that night, subbing for their regular Friday night bartender when James came in. The first thing Tony noticed was the icy blue eyes. Tony always had a thing for blue eyes, they seemed to cut right through him. But when combined with his long hair, pulled up into a bun and the tight black jeans he was wearing to complete his bad boy image, Tony decided that just this once, he could let himself go.

James closed the door behind him, and Tony tugged at James's shirt to remove it, which in turn led James to do the same to Tony's. James threw Tony's shirt to the floor and looked hungrily at Tony's bare chest. Tony knew he wasn't a typical omega. He was not small and lanky, but rather had well-defined muscles and was taller than most. But he could tell by the hunger in the other man's eyes that Tony was just his type.

As Tony watched James’ eyes rake him in, Tony let his hands glide up James' abdomen to his chest. He couldn’t remember the last time he had been in this position. Tony got lost in the feel of James’s body.

"God, you feel so good,” Tony moaned into the air. 

James pulled Tony in and placed his nose in the crook of Tony's neck and inhaled as he palmed Tony's ass with the hand that had wandered its way south, "You smell like heaven, Tony. I can't wait to fuck you."

Tony could feel his erection grow even harder listening to James speak. It had been way too long since Tony has been thoroughly fucked. His life being what it was, it didn't allow for much of a social life, so he was going to take full advantage of the situation he put himself in.

James reached for his pants at the same time Tony tried to kick off his own shoes. Tony's imbalance sent them tumbling onto the floor and kicking over a shelving unit in the process, causing a loud ruckus.

"Oh shit," Tony covered his mouth with his hand and started laughing. "I hope there was nothing breakable on that."

"I don't think I care," James slyly smiled, eyes still filled with lust as he pulled Tony back into him.

Tony watched as James sultry eyes closed, and he leaned in closer to kiss Tony's lips. Tony parted his lips slightly and allowed James entry with his tongue.

"Bucky, are you all right?" A loud voice came from the hallway.

The voice struck a familiar cord with Tony, but he quickly dismissed it, getting caught up in the deepening kiss, until James broke away.

"Fine, punk. Just lost my balance." James yelled back, never taking his eyes from Tony.

"Well you and your 

balance

 be careful. Play safe."

Tony couldn't deny it this time, the voice was definitely very familiar. And did he call James, Bucky? Oh no. It couldn't be.

"Bucky?" Tony's heart started to pick up.

James came closer, kissing Tony's chest, speaking between kisses, "Yeah, dumb nickname he gave me when we were like seven."

Tony put his hand to Bucky's chest to get his attention.

"James? Were you in the army? Stationed in Afghanistan?" Tony pulled back a little frightened of what the response was going to be. 

Bucky got a curious look on his face but remained smiling "Yeah, how did you know?"

Tony shook his head and held up a finger, "One more question." 

Tony closed his eyes, took a deep breath and exhaled extremely slow as if the next question was going to be painful to say, "And the voice that I just heard from the hallway, was that Steve Rogers?"

"Yeah, my roommate." Bucky stopped all foreplay, "Do you know Steve?" 

Tony couldn't believe his fucking luck. The first man he picks up in years happens to be Steve Rogers's roommate and best friend. Tony started to scramble off the floor. He gathered his pants and redid the buckle.

"Tony, what's going on?" Bucky sat up on the floor.

"I think it's best if I go." 

Tony's heart was now racing at full speed. He had spent the last five years actively avoiding Steve Rogers. He and Steve had met in college when Tony was a freshman, and Steve was a junior. They hit it off almost instantly and dated for almost two years when they broke up. The last thing he was sure of was that Steve had an internship at a museum ready for him in Europe upon graduation. 

Bucky got up, turned the light on and started fixing his pants. "Tony?"

"Steve, um-," Tony put his shirt back over his head. "We dated for a while, back in college."

Bucky grinned, "Oh?"

“Yeah-”

Tony just nodded his head and stared at Bucky. Steve had talked abo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Beta Natasha Romanov
Tags Contain Spoilers
Kid Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Steve Roger's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Steve Rogers
Past Mpreg
Mpreg
Kid Fic
Getting Back Together
Non-Explicit Sex
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

