Work Text:
Steve decided to never again allow Clint to talk him into drinking games as part of his “introduction to the twenty-first century.”"Okay, house rules,” Clint said, leaning back against the backrest of the booth they were seated at. “It can't be a random celebrity, or something. It has to be someone you actually know. Someone you'd go to if you suddenly found yourself gay and then had to have sex right away."“But why would that even happen?” Peter asked.  He was sort of slumped to the left, shored up by Thor's solid presence and a surprising stubborn streak.  Steve felt a little guilty about letting the team get their newest and youngest member so completely sauced, but he figured a good—and gentle—hazing would ease the way toward fully accepted team member.  It had worked for him when he'd joined the Howling Commandos, and better it be done where Steve could supervise.“Kid, stop over-thinking and start thinking,” Clint advised.“Why can't you ever make sense to me?” Peter asked plaintively, letting his head sort of roll forward off Thor's shoulder and onto the table, face down beside his pint.  Steve was a little impressed that he managed to land in the small clear patch that wasn't taken up with empty shot glasses.“Gay?” Steve said in a quiet undertone.“Same-gendered sexual relationship,” Natasha explained, elbow-to-elbow on his right, leaning forward in a way that looked a bit aggressive but Steve suspected was just her way of remaining upright.  Her eyes were half lidded and her expression relatively mellow.  Steve was grateful for her because she had showed an unexpected patience in explaining all the new slang to him.  Perhaps it was because English wasn't her first language and she could sympathize, though she had no trace of accent and he wouldn't have known unless he'd read it in her file.“Fine, I'll go first.” Clint sat up, knocked his shot back and then placed the glass upside down in the center of the table where he and Natasha had been building an elaborate tower all night with such an intense determination that Steve thought it best not to interfere. “Bruce.”As one, the table glanced across the room where Bruce sat at the bar, dark head bent toward Tony as he sketched something fervently onto a napkin.  That was only slightly worrying.  Steve resolved to keep an eye on them.  Not that he'd probably be able to spot a potentially disastrous tech-bauble because innocuous things like telephones and TVs looked wildly futuristic to him. Damage control--rather than prevention--was his forte, anyway.Peter turned his head in Clint's direction without actually lifting it off the table. “Dr. Banner?  Why?”“He's got that repressed nerdy thing going, so you know he'd be wild in bed.  And that hair.”Tony had dragged his fellow scientist away earlier in the night to “introduce him to some people” and had yet to return.  Now they sat with several other scientists from various teams.  Steve could identify Reed Richards by his powers alone, the very distinct blue-furred head of Hank McCoy and there was a third man, leaning up against Tony's back with a disregard for Tony's personal space that spoke of long acquaintance, thin and blond with a bright grin and wide, eager eyes.“But what if he Hulked out?”Clint shrugged and smirked. “Could be hot.  I mean, the Hulk's huge and I bet everything's proportionate.”Peter wrinkled his nose. “Ew.”“Hey, don't judge my kinks.  What about you, spider-pup?  You gotta answer this question, too.”“On the field, in an emergency situation, Jessica Drew,” Natasha announced with the clear, concise tones she used during debriefings, giving Peter a short reprieve.  “Off the field, if I had time to explain myself to my potential partner, Pepper Potts.”Clint held up his hand. “Called that one.”Natasha drank her shot and then added to her glass battlements.“Not the Deputy Director?” Steve found himself asking, mortified even before he'd finished the question.“Nat has a thing for long hair,” Clint said.  Natasha shrugged philosophically and signaled for another round.“What about you, Captain?” Thor rumbled.As all eyes fell to him, Steve tried not to squirm and probably failed.  So far, he hadn't been able to think of any response but “Bucky,” and he didn't think that was a viable answer. “I suppose, if it's an emergency, it'd be whoever was with me on the mission.”“Laaame,” Peter reported to the table top.“I believe your reasoning is too realistic, Captain.  This is a game of fantasy.”“Yeah, c'mon, Cap, you gotta choose someone.  That's the point.”Everyone I would feel comfortable enough to choose is dead, sounded way too depressing to be passed off as a joke, even in Steve's head.  Then again, his team had a pretty dark sense of humor, collectively, so maybe...?  But better to be safe than sorry.“Um, can I get a pass?  Come back to me.”“Sure, sure,” Clint said amicably.Steve was tempted to say, “Nick Fury,” because he'd known Fury the longest and didn't think either of their feeli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark UST
It's really more "making out" than "getting together"

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

