Work Text:
Prelude.
“Go fuck yourself,” Logan says. The least these suits could do is buy him a drink before they try and talk his damn ear off. Anything less is just impolite.“Ah,” the Brit says. “At least let me buy you a drink. Erik?”The other one – the one with a coppery smell of danger coming off him, who has Logan’s hackles standing at attention – glances over at his companion. “What?”“Could you get my wallet? It’s in the car.”They maintain eye contact a little longer than is strictly necessary, and then Erik nods to Logan and leaves. The Brit – wide-eyed and painfully innocent – turns back to Logan. “What are you having?”“Look, bub,” Logan says, relaxing minutely once the tough guy is out of the bar. “I don’t care who you work for. Whatever you’re selling, I ain’t buying.”“Good thing I’m not a salesman. Just a messenger.”“Oh yeah?” Logan drains his beer, starting to wonder if this tweed-wearing, floppy-haired ding-dong is actually working for the mob or something. He’s guessing not, but tenses anyway. “What’s the message?”You’re not the only one who’s gifted. The voice cuts through the noise in the bar, rattling around his head. Wolverine’s claws are out before he consciously thinks about it.“What are you?” he hisses.Then he notices that the entire bar has gone still. Entirely still. There’s a splash as the pint Chuck was pulling spills over the rim of the glass.“We’re special. Just like you.” He leans over the bar and takes the overflowing pint from Chuck’s hand, offering it to Logan. “How about that drink?”And that’s how Logan joins Charles Xavier and Erik Lensherr in working with the CIA.Hey, he never said he wasn’t an easy date. And Xavier’s got some impressive drinking skills.1.
“Wait,” Darwin says, after a furious and mostly-silent conversation with Alex. “I’m coming, too.”He steps out through the broken window and walks steadily over to the small group, ignoring the others’ eyes on his back. He’s too busy preparing himself for what is probably a shit-stupid idea. Can’t be helped, he knows, even if he understands Angel’s reasons for wanting to go. Darwin’s not too happy about working for The Man either, but Shaw is tipping the scales of his Motherfuckers-To-Watch-Out-For-Meter.That’s when Logan launches himself off the roof with a blood-curdling scream. He hadn’t indulged in the show-and-tell session earlier, but he pretty much broke Darwin’s aforementioned Motherfuckers-Meter. Whatever his powers are – besides throwing himself through the air like a bat out of Canadian hell – Darwin doesn’t really want to be on the receiving end of them. He lets his skin go hard and flinty and flings himself on Angel, crashing them both to the ground.The stone skin deadens his other senses a bit, but Darwin is dimly aware of some more screams, several explosions, and then Angel pounding on his shoulder and cursing in Spanish.Darwin cracks his eyes open. Against all odds, Shaw and his pimped-out minions are gone. Logan is lying on the grass, looking like a piece of bread left in a toaster for too long.“Jesus, what happened to him?” Darwin asks, shifting back from stone to skin, helping Angel back to her feet. He looks around at the various expressions of shock on his friends’ faces.Raven is the first to recover her senses enough to answer. “Alex did his thing, and Shaw absorbed it. Then he, like, regurgitated it at Logan.”Sean adds unnecessarily, “He fried him.”Alex looks frozen in shock and horror, and Darwin can already see the number of nightmares the kid’s going to have over this one. He takes a step towards him. “Yo, Alex,” he starts to say.That’s when Logan’s crispy, smoking corpse groans and sits up.Everyone shrieks, Darwin included. It’s not his proudest moment, but on the list of weird shit he can put up with, walking and breathing corpses do not make the cut.“What a jerk,” Logan says. His skin knits itself back over his bones as he stands up. “This was my favorite flannel shirt.”He tears the rest of it off. He makes as if to toss it on the ground, but then pulls a cigar out from somewhere, and lights it with the smoldering cloth.When he sees the rest of them looking at him, Logan exhales a stream of smoke and says, “What?”2.
Logan’s never been a big fan of fancy houses. They make him feel like a rat in a maze. Especially when he’s trying to find a damn bathroom.The sixth or seventh door he tries, he finds Angel instead of a toilet. It’s impossible for him to tell whether she’s dressed or not – apparently, you can take some girls out of the strip joint, but you can’t make them put on something that’s larger than a handkerchief – so he plays it safe and says, “Oops, sorry.”She doesn’t look angry, though. She looks guilty. Hell, she smells guilty, it’s coming off of her in waves. That’s when Logan sees the open suitcase on the bed, the piles of clothing falling out of it.“Ah,” he says. “You heading out, then?”“You gonna tell the Professor?” she says. And it’s the tone she says it in, half-afraid, half-hop
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

freeform: 
5 Things
Crack

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

