Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Midtown Highschool, with its busy hallways full of students, lockers, and teachers heading off to their next class. The school hasn't been the same since the Blip. And especially now that they knew that Peter Parker is Spider-Man and "killed Mysterio." No one would ever dream that dorky, cute, geeky Peter Parker was their Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man. And no one can even think about that Spider-Man killed Mysterio.Peter disappeared after his face was revealed leaving his girlfriend and best friend shattered. They of course did not believe these lies and knew that somehow Mysterio sent out fake footage. How? Well that was a mystery.Flash had a great time trash talking Peter. Now everyone agreed with him. Peter Parker was hated by everyone in Queens.The bell rang signaling the start of period five. The freshmen, juniors, sophomores, and seniors stopped their gossiping and rushed to their next class.The second the clock hit 2:15 a excruciatingly painful sound filled the room, making everyone temporarily deaf. Then the lights went out!When the lights turned back on and the noise stopped, the residents of Queens along with the Avengers found themselves sitting in plush seats in front of a movie theater screen. Try to imagine the panic going through 2.29 million people (as of 2020.) yeah it wasn't pretty. After about an hour the screaming and yelling and shouting died down and people slumped in their seats dejected thinking they're going to die. Why else would someone trap them in a movie theater? To watch a movie? Certainly not. They were probably going to torture them with one of those super sad movies about the Holocaust like The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.Suddenly a note appeared on the screen big enough that everyone can read it. Written on the screen said...Dearest Avengers and people of Queens,Due to the false accusation of Peter Parker a.k.a. Spider-Man killing Quentin Beck a.k.a. Mysterio, I decided that you should know the truth. I will have to ask Mr. Stark and the rest of the Avengers to refrain from killing anyone in the room or Mr. Fury. Thank you for your cooperation and I am very sorry for the inconvenience.P.S. STEVE WHAT HAPPENED TO STAYING WITH BUCKY TILL THE END OF THE LINE!?Sincerely yours,AnonymousThe lights dimmed and the red theater seats reclined back, and the 2.29 million people seated looked at the screen as it turned black and the five words no one expected to see appeared on the screen...Spider-Man: Far From Home
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
tony stark is a dad
Post-Spider-Man: Far From Home
Watching
Avengers Family
Queens
Flash is an idiot
multiple fandom appearances
Multiple Crossovers
random people show up - Freeform
reactions
posted on wattpad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

