Chapter 1





Chapter Text
As far as explosions went, Tony’s lab had seen worse. Messing around with arc reactors and electromagnetic pulse generators sometimes left more than its fair share of smoke, and just because the smoke was red this time didn’t make it any more impressive. Tony made a brief mental note to figure out what was up with that particular shade of crimson before he apparently inhaled too much of it and blacked out.He was wet when he woke up, and his first thought was that it had taken way too long for the sprinklers to come on, and his second thought was that he’d had Jarvis disable the sprinklers after they kept on messing with his attempts to upgrade the suit’s repulsor rays, and his third thought was that it was raining on his face.Tony raised himself up on his elbows. He was lying in a puddle, and someone in a shabby drape suit was vomiting into a trashcan a few feet to his left. A wrought-iron door grille clanged open in front of him, and a stout man in a graying apron tossed some wooden crates at Tony’s feet. Nearby, someone was cursing very loudly, and someone else was grunting, and a third someone was speaking rapid-fire Italian, and several cars were honking in a clear staccato pattern.Tony kicked at the crates to dislodge them from his $38,000 Amadeo Testonis, and stood. As far as wakeups went, this one wasn’t particularly alarming; Tony was a sometime-drunk (or a survivor who, like countless Americans, courageously waged a daily battle against the demons of alcoholism, if you listened to that quack publicist who kept calling Pepper and threatening to quit) and a sometime-womanizer, which meant that, unless he woke up a) in a seedy Twin Cities nightclub back room with b) Congresswoman Jacobson underneath him and c) her potentially-underage adoptive supermodel-of-a -granddaughter Ekaterina on top of him and d) coated entirely in a fluffy white substance that he shouldn’t taste because it was absolutely not whipped cream, this was probably not going to be the worst day of his life. The vomiting man, who smelled remarkably like cheap rye whiskey but was probably still several leagues behind Tony in the “Drink, Make Bad Choices, Drink Some More” game of life, turned a bleary eye in Tony’s direction and then quickly looked away.“Carbohydrates,” Tony told him. “Drugs. Then another drink.” This was objectively bad advice and Tony knew it, but, in terms of cataloguing the greatest hangover cures known to man, it was the best counsel Tony could offer. With this public service performed, Tony made his way around the trashcans and through a narrow alley hemmed in by red brick on either side. A small sliver of worry began to tug at his thoughts, which were surprisingly not-at-all alcohol-clouded.The thing was, Tony had very little reason to wake up soaking wet in an alleyway these days. Pepper would have said that he’d never had a reason to begin with, but that was just because she’d never accepted “thinking about my father again,” “I needed that extra drink – no, seriously, without it I was going to die,” and “I was bored” as valid reasons. He was rarely bored anymore; Steve and the Avengers took care of that. He was no longer going to die, thanks to the vibranium that powered his armor (and comprised Steve’s shield). And he rarely thought about his father, except for those moments when Steve began a sentence with “You know, Howard once told me that—“ and then bit his lip, remembering that those sentences were best left unfinished.So that left one reason for him to get drunk enough that he ended up in a filthy back alley with no recollection of how he got there: Steve.But that made no sense. He and Steve couldn’t have had a fight. Things were going well. Like, super-serum-enhanced-sex-drive well. I-don’t-even-mind-that-Thor-clearly-thinks-I’m-your-concubine-or-something well. Let’s-beat-up-the-Masters-of-Evil-and-then-make-out-for-a-while well. At the very least, Tony had assumed they were at the level of sure-I’ll-stop-drinking-and-I-really-mean-it-this-time-no-honestly well.Maybe Steve had accidentally finished one of those sentences about Howard Stark. Or maybe Tony had been the one to fuck up, which was more likely. Maybe Tony should call and apologize, either way, because maybe he didn’t want to lose Steve even if Steve had been the fuck-up and Tony had wonderfully, improbably been in the right.Tony reached into his right pocket for his phone, but it wasn’t there. It wasn’t in his left pocket, either, and neither was it in his back pocket. He last remembered leaving it on one of the worktables in the lab, just a few minutes before the explosion with the red smoke, but...Accidental teleportation, Tony decided. It was the only possible explanation. It was a relief, really. It meant he hadn’t been fighting with Steve, and it meant he had a cool new angle for research if he could just pinpoint the trigger. Really, he just had to get back to the lab and secure his boyfriend and figure out w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
WIP
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

