Work Text:
The deep thumping bass from the Massive Attack song was thrumming through your body and practically shaking the stool you were leaning against as you sipped your beer. You were slowly swaying your head and watching the silhouette of people writhing on the dance floor to the music through blue and red strobe lights, as Bucky stood next to you nursing his own beer and crowd watching. This had become a monthly tradition for you and Bucky where you took him to various clubs around New York to brush him up on various decades of pop culture he missed out on. You’d taken him to a 70’s underground punk bar, an 80’s new wave dance hall, and tonight you were at a 90’s alternative night club. With Bucky’s brooding nature and affinity to all things counter culture, you knew that he’d enjoy the fringe cultures each decade had to offer; and you were absolutely right. He took to these monthly outings like a fish to water, and really enjoyed the various sub cultures you exposed him to. “Y/N, good call on the club tonight, the music is really good” Bucky leaned over and shouted into your ear over the thudding music. His breath coasted down your neck and you shuddered at the feeling. While he could be attractive wearing a potato sack, tonight he pulled out all the stops and wore a crisp white dress shirt and dark jeans which showed off his broad frame and deliciously thick thighs. You decided to keep it simple as well with a sleeveless plunging v-neck body-con dress and black stilletos. You both made quite the matching pair, although to your dismay, you and Bucky are comfortably in the friend zone. While you flirted on occasion, it never went further than you both giggling at each other. You looked over at him and gave him a brilliant smile and nodded yelling back “This is totally my jam. I love 90’s alternative music!” You started swaying to a Depeche Mode dance edit. The club was dark, crowded and hot, and you looked at the condensation running down your beer bottle longingly. Without much thought, you rubbed the bottle against your neck and chest to help cool down. Bucky tried not to gawk but he visibly swallowed seeing you closing your eyes enjoying the coolness of the bottle, and watching a bead of water drip down between your breasts. Bucky had just put his own bottle down to adjust himself when I new song switch over to a deep throbbing slow bass. Y/N looked over excitedly, grabbed his hand and started dragging him to the dance floor screaming behind her “I love this song! Come on Bucky! Please!” When you heard the first few bars of Nine Inch Nail’s Closer, you knew you had to get the brooding super soldier over onto the dance floor. Not only was it your favourite song, but maybe you can use the music to help express how you felt about tall, dark and dreamy. From your previous outings, you knew Bucky has some moves, and perhaps this song would help him loosen up a bit. He went out to regular clubs with the team to know how the kids danced these days. The two of you got lost into the dark foggy dance floor with the flashing lights, You can barely see each other let alone people nearby and you feel like you were in your own bubble. You pressed the front of your whole body against Bucky as he looked down at you and gave you a sly grin. With a smirk your ran your hands down his chest as you turned around so that your back was now against his front. He loosely left his hands on your hips as you started to slowly move to the music, bending your knees and slowly popping back up jutting your butt out and arching your back. 


You let me violate you
You let me desecrate you
You let me penetrate you
You let me complicate you

 Bucky’s warm hands splayed over the sides of your waist, slowly bringing his hands closer around you over your stomach. He leans down so his mouth is next to your ear “What are you doing to me, doll?” he purrs. You bring your hands up and brush your hair to the side so he has greater access to your neck, where he rubs the tip of his nose down the column of your neck.You start slowly swishing your hips from side to side and raise your arms so they reach back and tug on his hair.


Help me; I broke apart my insides
Help me; I've got no soul to sell
Help me; the only thing that works for me
Help me get away from myself

 His hands do a slow drag from your stomach up your torso, his thumbs drawing slow circles sending shivers up your spine. His breath is getting heavier and his lips are lightly rubbing a particularly sensitive spot on your neck. He softly runs his fingers up your side, up along your bare arms to your wrist causing you to shiver at the sensation, and slowly ran them back down to place his hands back on your waist.


I wanna fuck you like an animal
I wanna feel you from the inside
I wanna fuck you like an animal
My whole existence is flawed


You get me closer to God

 Hearing the lyrics, Bucky stills in shock a little but then his hands tighten around your ribcage. You hear him let o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Dancing
Friends to Lovers
Pure Smut
Nine Inch Nails
NIN Closer
Semi-Public Sex
Blow Jobs
Grinding
Squirting
Female Ejaculation
PWP
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Loosely woven words as an excuse for smut
Animated GIFs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

