Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

Prologue:
It started with a kiss.Just two mouths passionately mashing together and hands groping at flushed bodies. Maybe it had too much tongue compared to Steve's other, sober endeavors, but he couldn't help himself. He wanted to lick this alpha from head to toe and taste him for what he was. Have that syrupy sweet fresh maple syrup scent so embedded on his tongue that he'll be tasting it for weeks. He didn't even care that he didn't know anything other than his name.Shit, Steve paused, trying to think, what did Nattie say it was?"Thanks," Steve drunkenly giggled as he paid the taxi driver, possibly giving him a bigger tip than he normally would've but c'est la vie.As they approached the doorman, the alpha – James! That's what Natasha called him! – draped his arm around Steve's slender shoulders. Making the petite omega feel even smaller. Usually, Steve would tear any alpha a new one for treating him as delicate. But considering how good this alpha smelled, Steve was willing to give him a break.Nodding in acknowledgment, the doorman greeted the pair as he opened the door to the apartment building. Once inside, Steve tugged James across the lobby to the elevator, earning a knowing smirk from the attendee at the reception desk. In the elevator, they'd be able to lose each other in their mouths.Almost missing their floor as James curled his tongue, making Steve weak in the knees. Just as the doors were about to close again, Steve stopped them and led James down the hallway to his apartment.At Steve's door, James plastered his front to his back, and Steve forgot how to think for a moment. Right now, Steve needed to get his door open. Of course, the alcohol and the alpha's lips on his neck, wasn't helping Steve's fingers working any faster. Nor was it helping his concentration any either.Arms going limp when James sucked on his sweet spot, just behind his ear, below his hearing aid, Steve closed his eyes. Half-serious about just letting this man have his way with him right there in the hallway of his apartment building. But his across the hall neighbor was already close to trying to get him evicted for turning him down, so Steve needed to be on his best behavior.Turning in James's grasp, Steve's resolve started to dissipate when the brunet's lips returned to his. Softly moaning when his back pressed against the door, the alpha took that as a good sign and snaked his hand – his only one – around Steve's waist to his ass. Giving the cheeks a firm squeeze that made the slick start to wet his ass and the scent of his arousal plumed around them, earning a guttural groan from the brunet.As the man started trailing kisses down Steve's neck, Steve harshly bit his own lower lip. Momentarily, Steve's mind was cleared enough to hold his hands up and gently push the alpha back. With Steve's hands on James's homemade foam astronaut chest, James immediately pulled back, giving Steve a questioning look.Gesturing towards his apartment, Steve clarified, "Let me unlock the door, yeah?""Yeah, okay," he answered, nodding like a ridiculously hot one-armed Buzz Lightyear bobblehead.Nodding, Steve smiled and refrained from pulling him down for one more kiss. Instead, turning around to unlock the door. Without James's lips on him, Steve managed to get the key into the lock and unlocked the two deadbolts and the knob.Steve opened the door and turned around to grab the alpha by the frilly pink apron and pulled him inside. Instantly, their mouths were on each other again as they stumbled through the apartment. Tugging and pushing at each other as they moved through Steve's dark apartment like a lust tornado, only leaving portions of their costumes and knocked over kitchen table chairs in its wake.Boots, both space and cowboy, kicked around in opposite directions with one going into the living room while the other landed in the kitchen until the men were in their socked feet. Removing hats, both brown suede and blue felt, and tossing them right on the ground. For Steve, it felt like fate that he, dressed as Woody, would meet his Buzz Lightyear – er, Mrs. Nesbitt, apologies. Sure, Steve had gone as Woody three times, but that was completely beside the point."Fuck, you smell good," James complimented, trailing kisses down Steve's neck and pausing at his gland. Taking a moment to nuzzle closer and take in a deep whiff of it. His lips ghosting along Steve's skin as he said, "Like fresh apple pie, cooling on the windowsill."Arching his scoliosis-riddled back, Steve let out a moan and pushed the brunet on the bed. He made quick work to get the foam torso piece off himself as Steve climbed on top of him. Straddling the brunet, Steve started unbuttoning his yellow flannel shirt. Loving the way the alpha watched him with blown lust-filled pupils. Loving it even more when James pushed his head further into the mattress and licked his own lips."Christ, you're gonna kill me," James chuckled under his breath.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
a/b/o dynamics
Omegaverse
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Fluff and Smut
Domestic

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

