Chapter 1: The Bartender
    




Chapter Text

cut
Disclaimer: I claim no rights to anything connected to any fandom mentioned in this story. I don’t own the characters from any fandom featuring in this story.Warnings: AU, slash, explicit content, violence, blood, multi-crossover
Special thanks to Goldpen for beta-ing this story!!! You are an amazing, amazing person!! 

cut
"Is this the place?" Tony asked, and Bruce nodded. The two were standing in front of a wooden doorway. It was 6:30 in the morning, and Tony had decided to follow his friend and colleague to visit the small Café that attracted Bruce's attention a few days back.In all honesty Tony just couldn't see what was so special about the place. Two old street lamps stood on either side of the door, faintly lighting the heavy looking wooden entrance. A small sign was above the door.
Starborn Café.
"Yeah," Bruce said. "The Other Guy felt restless the other day when I passed beside the door." Tony hummed and pursed his lips."It doesn't say if it's open or not." Tony murmured and Bruce looked at his wristwatch."Maybe we should-…""No time like right away!" Tony grabbed Bruce's arm and pulled him along. The moment they entered the shop they were enveloped in warmth, and their mouths watered at the delicious scents that floated in the air. They walked deeper into the Café and looked around in wonder.The Café looked homey. There were round tea tables all around the room, with comfy looking armchairs around them, varying from two to four per table. There were four fireplaces, two on each side of the room, and a bar in the very back."Seems they aren't-…""Good morning." Both jumped around when someone spoke from behind them only to gape. The man speaking stood at 6'1 with an elegant, lithe build. A thick braid of raven strands fell over his shoulder, and playful bangs fell into his slightly tanned face, accenting almond shaped, slightly slanted eyes of a vibrant emerald."G-good morning." Bruce stuttered out and the man blinked and tilted his head to the side slightly. "Are you open?""Always." The man answered. His voice was a suiting baritone; a heady combination of velvet and warm chocolate, with a low undertone that resembled a pleased purr. "I am Haruven Sigurdsson. Welcome to Starborn Café." He bowed his head at them, and Bruce and Tony exchanged a small confused glance. "Please, take a seat." Haruven showed them over to a table for two beside the fireplace and the two took seats. They frowned when they realized Haruven disappeared, only to jump in their places a moment later when the waiter appeared practically out of nowhere."Here you go. The first drink is on the house." The two looked down at the drinks he placed on the table between them."But we didn't even-…""Relax." Haruven spoke and bowed his head at them as he stepped away from the table. "I'm sure you will enjoy your drinks." Tony looked at the dark liquid in doubt while Bruce tentatively picked his cup up and took a sniff, barely containing a moan of appreciation. Both missed a small pleased smile that appeared on Haruven's face."Excuse me." He said, and left the two alone. Bruce took a sip, and moaned lowly."This is great." He murmured. Tony raised an eyebrow before he took his own cup. His eyes widened when the bitter-sweet aroma of coffee filled his mouth, sending a wave of warmth down his body. He shivered and took another sip."I must admit this is the best coffee I've ever drank. I have to ask Mr. Sigurdsson if they deliver." Bruce chuckled."I doubt it. I have no doubt though that Pepper won't mind coming here to bringing you some each morning, if you don't have time to come." Tony chuckled lowly, and his eyes shone at the mention of his wife. Bruce smiled wistfully, and continued to enjoy his drink. Both shivered when a wave of warmth passed over them and the door opened to admit an elderly man inside."Ah, Mr. Alfred! It's been a while!" Haruven again seemed to appear out of nowhere, and Mr. Alfred smiled at him while Tony's eyes widened."That is Bruce Wayne's butler." He hissed to Bruce who raised an eyebrow."I heard Mr. Wayne was in town." He whispered back."Young master Haruven." Alfred’s lips tilted up into a grandfatherly smile and he hugged Haruven warmly. The young waiter returned the hug and kissed the old butler's cheek. "I am happy to see you in good health.""I was happy to hear you were in town." Haruven answered and stepped away from Alfred. "Please take a seat. I'll be right back with your drink." Albert gave Haruven a grandfatherly smile, and nodded his head. While Haruven walked to behind the bar, Alfred took a seat in front of the fireplace beside Bruce and Tony.Haruven was there a second later. He placed a see through cup in front of Alfred. His drink was a strange, mysterious, mercury color, and the scent that drifted over to the two Avengers reminded them of cream and mint."Would you mind if I gave you something for Master Bruce? I just prepared a fresh portion of his fa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Harry Potter
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Neville Longbottom/Luna Lovegood

freeform: 
AU
Slash
Multi-Crossover
Angst
Drama
Violence

fandom: 
Thor/Harry Potter
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Neville Longbottom/Luna Lovegood

