Chapter 1: the sketchpad
    




Chapter Text
So there’s this kid that Bucky has first and fifth hours with, and he’s this tiny smudge of a thing, all knobby elbows and gangly limbs, more sharp points than dulled lines.  But he’s got this angel face – honey blond hair and sunshine-in-blue skies colored eyes – and a perpetual disgruntled frown anchoring the corners of his lips.The kid stumbles in late to AP Calc nearly every morning, out of breath with apologies and pink cheeks.  He never gives a reason, just a whispered, “Sorry,” and sits down.  Fifth period it’s exactly the same.Thing is, each morning Bucky passes him by on the drive to school.  Through the seasons, the kid’s gait never really changes – his boots scuff the cement and he keeps his chin tucked into his scarf and his hands in his pockets.  Hot or cold, humid, rainy or windy, it’s always the same boots, the same scarf (well, maybe it’s more of a neckerchief), the same jacket, the same scowl.  Like he’s mad at the world for being as messed up as it is, or maybe mad at himself for not doing anything to fix it.   Hell, maybe that’s just his face.  Bucky’s had a few classes with him, here and there, since freshman year and yet he’s never heard the kid’s voice aside from the usual, “Sorry.”  There’s gossip about him in the same way that there’s gossip about literally everyone, but generally nobody pays him much attention.  He sneaks under most people’s radars; Bucky is one of the few exceptions, trained to watch for that flash of blond or blue and to listen for that ping in the form of boots scuffing the ground.  Word is (from Dugan, anyway, so there’s no telling how much truth there is to it) that he lives on the rougher side of town, that he’s scrappy as hell and been suspended so much that the principal got the police involved after the last time.“You’re starin’ again, Barnes,” Gabe says to him, stealing Bucky’s frapp right out of his hand.  It’s all whipped cream by now anyway, so he doesn’t do much more than give Gabe a half-hearted shove in the shoulder.  Out of their whole crowd, it’s always Gabe who notices when Bucky’s on the fringes instead of right in it. “Why don’t you go talk to him?”But Gabe’s right.  Bucky is staring.  It’s the tail end of lunch and they’re hanging out in the commons, waiting for the fifth hour passing period bell to ring so the whole student body can be herded into classrooms, and the kid caught his eye.   He isn’t doing anything special; he’s just sitting at a table all on his lonesome, head down, lip caught between his teeth, sketching on a notebook and listening to his iPod.  Bucky can count roughly six other kids doing the same damn thing across the tables.The bell rings and Bucky jumps, rolling his eyes when Gabe smirks.  “Oh, shove it up your ass, Jones.”“Nah, son – that’s more your thing than mine.”And well…that isn’t exactly untrue.  Whatever.Bucky loses sight of the kid anyway.  Not like it matters.  He’s going to see him in five minutes – or maybe six or seven, considering his chronic tardiness.  At sea in the crass lassitude of upperclassmen, Bucky waves Gabe and Morita off and then meanders along with the rest of them to the south halls, down into The Pit where his fifth hour art class resides.  He’s always been more comfortable getting places earlier rather than later (which is something that his buddies don’t really get, because otherwise they’d be able to spend at least three out of the five minutes of passing period still shooting the shit they’d been shooting over lunch).He waves a hello to his art teacher, who ignores him in favor of clicking around on his computer, and takes his favorite seat at the farthest side of the room, back to a corner and eyes on the door.  It’s a class full of mostly freshman and the few other seniors who still need an art credit, which means that on an average day, if people aren’t playing hooky, each and every seat gets taken.  So Bucky sits and plays on his phone – texting Dugan back to tell him that he should ask out Lakshmi Kaul – as the tables fill up.  The bell rings and Mr. Fraser stands up, cane and all, to start the traditional five minutes of lecture and ten minutes of demo before he sets the lot of them loose to do their worst.Sure enough, the kid walks in and mutters his, “Sorry,” and casts a look around the room for a vacant chair.  And, sitting where he is, the adjacent side to Bucky’s corner is available, so the kid dumps his bag beneath the chair and yanks his sketchbook out, eyes darting up to watch Mr. Fraser finish up the black-and-white portrait of Cary Grant.  He pulls one up for the students to do of James Dean – to which one of the freshman girls turns to Bucky and half-yells, “Oh, my God.  You kind of look like him?  Like if he and, like, Paul Newman had a baby?” the way all freshman girls seem to do.  Then everyone and their dog is turning around in their seats to look at him.  That’s like forty pairs of eyes – and Bucky has to focus up on the sc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Frottage
Lap Sex
Clothed Sex
First Time
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Anxiety
Kink Discovery
Light BDSM
Praise Kink
Subspace
Aftercare
Coming Untouched
Coming In Pants
Fluff and Smut
Subdrop
Panic Attacks
Underage Drinking
Phone Sex
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Panty Kink
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Rimming
Shower Sex
Blow Jobs
Bondage

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

