Chapter 1: Part 1: Shattered
    




Chapter Text
Tony had them since he was born. They were unusual, yes, but at the time, Maria Stark had fawned over him, saying he was unique, special. When Tony Stark was first born and was held in his father's arms, Howard Stark had recoiled in horror on seeing the two little feathery stubs coming out of his son's shoulder blades. He had refused to accept them. A mere baby at the time, Tony couldn't comprehend what was going on.
When Tony turned one, the feathery stubs grew and developed into a breath-taking pair of healthy, white wings. As a toddler, he couldn't help but exercise them daily - they fluttered when he tried to climb up onto chairs or the couch, and they flapped when his mom held him in the air.
By the time he was four, he realised something was wrong. He was the only person with wings. Obadiah and his mom and dad didn't have wings, and the people on TV didn't have wings either. Not to mention the fact that his father had explicitly told him not to talk about the wings, and wouldn't touch them.
"It's not natural, Maria," Howard hissed at his wife while in his study one day. "I would have that boy taken to surgery and have them cut off!"
Tony left, his heart sinking and wings drooping. He was only four when he began to understand.
"Daddy," a six year old Tony said timidly, his pure white wings rustling nervously. "I wanna learn to fly."
The first time Howard struck him was the first time his feathers darkened and a few of his tertials and primaries turned from shining white to black.
By the time Tony was eight, he had realised his wings were a taboo subject. If he wasn't in his room and if he was in public, he had to have them bound to his back. It was uncomfortable and he hated it, but he didn't dare say a word. Maria groomed them for him before he went to bed, but it was a silent ritual.
So at night he snuck out onto his balcony and began building his muscle strength, flapping and beating his wings powerfully.
He first flew when he was twelve. His wings had grown far too big for his body, at least fourteen feet spanned, and he managed on a cold November night to hover three feet above the ground. He celebrated by crashing into a tree.
When Tony went to MIT, his father demanded for him to have his wings strapped to his back. They remained unseen by his friends, from when he was fifteen onwards.
On that terrible day when he was seventeen, his white wings that before had been flecked with black turned a jet midnight. The day he found out about the car accident, he went into a terrible molt, leaving white feathers everywhere he went, and when the feathers grew back, they were the gleaming colour of night.
He didn't groom them. He didn't fly. He knew he was denying himself, but it was the only way he could grieve. His mother and father had been the only people in the whole world who had known about his wings. Now he had nobody.
On his eighteenth birthday, there was a change. Obadiah walked in when Tony was stretching, his now eighteen foot wingspan fully extended, his black wings towering.  Tony panicked, but Obadiah didn't even seem to notice. It was then that Tony realised that he could make his wings appear and reappear into a separate dimension plate at will. This was, of course, incredibly useful. He could go out in public and lead Stark Industries into an era of greatness without revealing his wings. There was, however, a problem. Every month, when it was time for him to shed a few feathers and preen, his wings became visible, and he couldn't control them.
Afghanistan marked a change in a legacy. He was there for three months, so for the time he was in captivity, his wings were visible for three weeks. The terrorists were very interested. He screamed when they tore his feathers out and sobbed when they broke his wing bones. After the rough treatment, Yinsen would try and calm him down, but touching Tony's wings only caused him to break down into a panic attack.
When Tony arrived back in the States, nothing was the same. His wings were hidden, but whenever somebody brushed too close to his back, he scuttled back out of the way, on the verge of panic and hyperventilation. He couldn't help but react this way even with Pepper, and Tony could tell she was starting to notice.
When his 'time of the month' came and his wings pinged into existence out of the parallel plane, ripping through the back of his shirt, Tony spread them to half span, swallowing. His wing bones creaked and ached and his flight feathers were tattered and some even broken. He texted Pepper and Rhodey and Obadiah and lied to them that he was working on the arc reactor and shouldn't be disturbed for a week and yes, he would remember to eat and sleep.
Once his Malibu mansion was secure, Tony ordered JARVIS to turn off all security cams and bugs before standing with a spread stance, pulling his top off and shaking his wings out, beginning to thread his fingers through his feathers, and black fe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Slight Pepper/Tony - Relationship
Pre-Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship
Pre-IronFrost

freeform: 
Hurt Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt
injuries
Tony Stark has wings
Wings
Mutants
Abuse
Implied Torture
Iron Man 1
Iron Man 2
Avengers Assemble - Freeform
alternative universe
Hurt Loki
bro feels
Science Bros
Protective Avengers
Angst
Wingfic
Winged Tony Stark
Pre FrostIron - Freeform
And I mean PRE - Freeform
BAMF Avengers
Tony Has Trust Issues
Lots of Trust Issues
Spontaneous Powers
Mutant Powers
Telekinesis
Tony Explodes Stuff
no seriously

fandom: 
Slight Pepper/Tony - Relationship
Pre-Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship
Pre-IronFrost

