Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Ward is going to the playground with the new director, Mace, for the last months, Mace insisted on keeping him around but he's not an idiot, Mace didn't trust Ward, nobody does.
Ward is almost sure that Mace keeps him around to keep an eye on him personally, but his excuse is that Ward was still the best agent that Shield had, so he wants him around in case something happens.
They're in a stupid meeting about the Shield's re-presentation to the public, since Coulson left everything was meetings, color identification, and a lot of bureaucracy and that's why they went to the playground because Coulson broke one of the rules by going to a mission without permission to find Daisy.
Since Daisy left Shield Coulson tried to contact and set up missions several times to find her but she always disappeared like a ghost, she was very good at what she did. Ward wanted to help many times but Coulson always refused so much for house arrest and for wanting him away. 
Ward's psychologist, Murphy, also didn't agree to let him go to Daisy, he knew what Ward still had feelings for her, so he told him to take care of himself first, then to solve himself with her, he knew it was just psychological talk, Ward hated psychologists, he went through so many in his teenage years, always with the same methods that didn't get anywhere, But it was a condition for him to stay, it was complicated at first but he confesses that he even likes the guy, it's good to have someone to talk to, someone who doesn't judge, besides he helped him to understand things that Ward couldn't before, it took him a while to accept many of them, but he is getting better little by little.
Ward spent several months without leaving the base, just going to the psychologist and to academy, he guided some novice agents on missions once or twice before Mace arrived and forced him to stay glued with him, it wasn't bad at all, Mace was a good man taking out the annoying part of the positive attitude and about trust and having to stay almost twenty four hours a day accompanied by someone.
When a security guard warns that Coulson has arrived, Mace calls Coulson excited: "Ah Philip!" - Mace goes to Coulson, who gives a nice smile, "Jeffrey..." - they exchange a quick handshake.
"Agent May..." - he also squeezes her. "Uh, thanks for waiting, in this job it seems like you always have to be an hour late..."
"or two" - May whispers in a bad mood and nobody seems to notice, and if they notice they don't comment.
He was late, but Mace was always late, mainly to talk to Coulson, to remind him who was the director and everyone in the room is aware of it.
"But you know this, don't you, Phil?" - Mace keeps talking, he is the kind of guy who is always trying to be too nice. "I'm glad you came, but let's get to the point." - Mace talks.
"You don't, Grant, I want your opinion on this case." - Mace talks when Ward has to go out with the agents he dismissed, now they're all sitting down. 
Ward knew he would call him back, but he still tries to keep the disinterest when it comes to the old team, but this time he is not trying, he really wants to know what happened with Skye.
Daisy, he corrects himself.
"Look, I know you're disappointed that there was an unauthorized mission to find agent Jonhson..." - Coulson starts tense looking at Ward but Mace interrupts him.
"It's okay, Phil." Mace says, "She was his friend, loyalty is a good thing..." - Mace keeps reassuring Coulson.
"But? I had a whole speech ready." Coulson talks sounding more relaxed.
 "I know it was good... use it next time, now I'm impressed..." - Mace talks in a good mood.
"Impressed? Swear?" - May speaks sarcastically, Ward isn't sure if Mace understood, but May doesn't like him, it's pretty obvious.
"I try to live by a simple rule... a team that trusts is a team that triumphs. You understand that, you know how I think" - Mace speaks confidently, there was the damn phrase Mace spoke about five times a day, and Ward contains himself so as not to roll his eyes
"Why am I feeling a but coming?" - Coulson speaks
"Why trust is important, especially now." - Mace finally gets to the point.
"It's not a but, it's an e. And Daisy is a problem, because he needs public trust since he's about to relaunch Shield as a legitimate agency again" - Coulson seems to guess what Mace means. Ward tried not to worry about it, about her.
 Daisy has been a rock in the shoe for the Shield lately, robbing banks, doing justice with his own hands and this was not good mainly for the new shield that is about to be relaunched, there was the problem, Ward worried that the shield would erase it as it did before, with the people with powers, he knew it was not his problem, but it is as if it was inevitable to try to protect it, that is also why he stayed away and  no longer insisted on helping Coulson find it, to try to control the impulse.
"Yes, we are preparing for an official announcement, so it is not a good time for a former shi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Grant Ward

freeform: 
Grant Ward Redemption
Framework
Alternate Universe
how things should have happened in the canon
True Love
Season/Series 04

fandom: 
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Grant Ward

