Work Text:
Steve sat on the end of his daughter bed and held her tiny hand between his oversized ones. Her brown eyes and hair were like her mothers, and every time she cried Steve was pretty sure his heart was ripping out of his chest. She was crying now, although trying to hide it with a hiccupping cough that hurt more than the tears.“Baby Lou,” He soothed, running his hand over her soft brown curls. “Come on, you gotta tell me what’s wrong.”“S’nuffin.” She snuffled, turning away so he wouldn’t see her tears. Steve wanted to crawl under the bed and never show his face again. His own daughter wouldn’t even talk to him about what was bothering her. He would have bet his whole pay check that Peggy would have been better at this kind of stuff. Not that she got much practice – Louise didn’t remember her mother any more, too young to understand what was going on, she was only a year old when Peggy passed away. Steve did everything he could to keep Peggy in her mind, pictures around the house, a stuffed toy gently scented with her perfume, stories at bedtime about how much her mommy loved her, but he knew, logically, that she didn’t remember.He really wished Peggy was around.“It’s not ‘nuffin’ if you’re upset.” He told her, squeezing her hand gently as he petted her hair. “You can tell me anything, you know that, right?” He paused. “I’m not gonna get mad.”Louise buried her head deep into her pillow and mumbled something completely ineligible, before bursting into fresh tears. Steve wasn’t equipped for tears before dinner. Obviously something at school had set her off, she’d come home upset and it had only gotten worse. Louise, like Peggy, was wicked smart – she adored school and reading and her teachers. She wasn’t exactly super popular, but she had friends she played with at recess and after school, Steve was really good friends with Louise’s best friend Kate parents – the Romanov-Barton’s lived across the street and proximity had meant that Kate and Louise were as thick as thieves since they were old enough to play together. Maybe Kate and Lou had fallen out?“Lou, you know I can’t hear you when you talk into the pillow.” He pointed out, only to have his daughter sit up and glare at him, jaw set firmly. Sometimes she looked so much like him that it was impossible to see any Peggy in her features – and he knew that stubborn look well.“I said,” She snapped. “Armin Zola said my hair looked like a bird slept in it, and Maria said that,” She hiccupped, losing her stubbornness a little in the wake of a wobbling lower lip, “That it’s not my fault mommy can’t do a good braid, cause she’s dead – and Armin laughed!” She all but wailed at the end, tears falling anew. “Then Howard Stark punched him in nose and he got into trouble for fighting.” That last part sounded a little too pleased about the fighting, but he wasn’t sure what to respond other than:“Armin got into trouble?”“No,” She said, looking disgusted. “Howard did. And Miss Potts gave Howard a bad mark on his behaviour chart and his daddy came to school and Armin pretended that he was really hurt though he wasn’t and Howard won’t be allowed to come to Kate’s birthday party because his daddy said so, and it’s all my fault!”Steve was lost. “Why is that your fault?”“Because my hair looks like a bird slept in it!” She wailed, before burying her face into her pillow and refusing to move even though Steve promised her that he’d sort things out. Miss Potts was, Steve was sure, some kind of saint. She had taught Louise for almost a year and he couldn’t have thought of a better teacher for his daughter. She made time for all her students, made sure that parents got involved if it was needed, and didn’t put any one student ahead of another.When Steve asked her if go could have a chat, she was more than happy to oblige – and as the kids played outside during recess, Steve paced the room. “I don’t want the Stark boy to get into trouble for something that really wasn’t his fault.”Miss Potts nodded, sipping her tea and looking more like a high powered CEO than a teacher. “Howard knows the rules against fighting.” She told him, “So he’ll still get a black mark on his chart, but I will let his father know that the situation was not as described.” She smiled gently. “Armin Zola will also get a black mark for bullying – and I’ll make sure that we focus an afternoon on anti-bullying, our last one was a few months ago – a refresher won’t hurt.”“Thank you, Miss Potts.”“Just doing my job.” She said, getting to her feet. “Louise is a wonderful, well-adjusted little girl. I wish all my students were half as interested in their lessons.” She gave him a pointed look. “You’re doing a good job, Mr Rogers. Trust me; I would let you know if there were any issues popping up.” Steve went home after his meeting with Miss Potts; aware that he’d done everything he could to protect his daughter at school. He couldn’t do much more against little assholes like Armin (and yeah, he knew it wasn’t exactly
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Single Parents
Youtube Tutorials
Children of Characters
Alternate Universe - No Powers
single dads
mention of playground bullying
Steve has a daughter
Bucky has a daughter
Hair Braiding

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

