Work Text:
Tony’s not going to deny that he’s ridiculously excited.  Steve.  In his bed.  Naked.  Everything is rainbows and nothing hurts.And he’ll be the first to admit that he’s developed a few expectations, nothing outrageous, of course, but Captain America.  If the name doesn’t say it all—hell, if the shape of Florida doesn’t say it all—then those tight, tight, wonderfully tight pants Steve wears does.Not that he’s in it just for the sex.  He lusts after Steve more than is probably healthy, sure, but he genuinely likes him.  A lot.  Respects him, too.  Blah blah blah yadda yadda.All very important stuff, yes, yes, but Captain America is naked in his bed.He would dance if he weren’t afraid it would give Steve the wrong impression.“So how do you want to do this?” he asks between kisses along Steve’s neck.  He doesn’t normally ask his partners that question, is more the spontaneous type really, but the bear hug Steve has him in prevents him from moving too much, and while he’s not complaining about lying on top of Steve and being pressed against him, he would like to be able to move around a bit, maybe see more of the scenery than Steve’s right ear.“However you want.”There’s something in the tone of Steve’s voice that makes him pause, and he lifts his head up, which is a little difficult what with the trapped arms, but he manages.“You have done this before, right?” he asks, and they’ve had this conversation before, but measure twice, cut once and all that.“Yes, Tony.”  But Steve isn’t looking at him.“And with a guy?”“Yes, Tony.”“Okay.  So then the boa constrictor impression is because you’re into bondage maybe?  Want to tie me down and fu—”Steve makes a weird rumbly sound, rolling Tony off of him, and suddenly there’s no more naked body pressing, and really, he’s going to cry, that’s so depressing.“Alright, what’s going on, Steve?” he asks, getting up on one elbow so he can look down at him.“Can we not—” Steve’s lips thin, and he glances down.“Have you changed your mind?  Do you not want to have sex?” he asks, because they are friends, he cares about Steve, and even though the thought kills him, he can get up and walk away if Steve needs him to.“I do, I want to, it’s just . . . it’s been a long time,” he says quietly at last, and damn, yeah, he hadn’t really thought about that.He opens his mouth to ask how long exactly but then closes it.  Steve’s expression indicates how little he wants to talk about it, and besides, does it really matter?  Other than the way it makes Tony’s heart beat a little faster anyway, because he’s seen the looks people give Steve, but he’s here in Tony’s bed.“It’s just like riding a bicycle,” he says instead, and Steve rolls his eyes.  “Seriously, there’s riding and pumping, you have to keep your balance, it always feels better the faster you go, and it’s amazing how far you can take a metaphor.  Simile,” he corrects himself after a second, and Steve smiles faintly, shaking his head at him.He scoots closer and kisses him, does it again and decides there can never be enough Steve kisses, and keeps doing it until Steve finally starts relaxing a little.  Steve’s nervous.  He understands that.  No one believes him when he tells them, but he’s an understanding kind of guy.  And because he’s so understanding, he knows that the best way to help Steve get over his worry is obviously a blowjob.  It’ll make Steve’s first-time-with-a-new-partner performance anxiety disappear, an orgasm is involved, and Tony gets to put his mouth on Steve’s cock, so it’s a win-win situation all around.He nudges Steve onto his back and moves down his body, kissing and sucking little marks as he goes while finally being able to see the landscape—gorgeous, he’s fucking gorgeous—and then he’s finally close enough to get his first good view of Steve’s cock—“Woah.  Are you serious?”Okay, okay, not his best moment there, he realizes as he struggles to keep Steve from getting up, but there are expectations and then there’s the shock of reality, and Tony is not disappointed at all.  He might be a little bit giddy actually.Any second now, Steve is going to remember he can lift Tony with one hand—and while he would enjoy that in some situations, Steve leaving the room definitely doesn’t qualify—so he makes one of those split-second decisions he’s known for that end in either brilliance or tears, dipping his head down to take Steve into his mouth.Steve lets out a strangled sound, his hips jerking, and he probably didn’t mean to push deeper into Tony’s mouth, but that’s what happens anyway. Tony can feel the muscles in his jaw stretch in order to accommodate his girth, his lips pulsing with blood as they slide against his cock, and oh, this is going to be good.“Tony?” Steve gasps, and Tony hasn’t even done anything yet, but Steve’s already trembling, his grip in his hair just this side of painful, and fuck, the thought of Steve losing it so soon makes his head swim.He pulls up just enough that he can talk, his lips brushi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Time
Humor
Mildly Dubious Consent
Switching
Steve has no refractory period
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

