Work Text:
Steve comes back from his visit to the nursing home with the desperate desire to get drunk. He can't, really, and it's one of the only regrets he's got about this body of his: this inability to save his friends and then get drunk and wallow about it afterwards.He stands on the sidewalk in front the SHIELD building and considers his options. He could go back inside and wreck another set of gym equipment, but that won't really make him feel better, and he'll have to deal with Fury's irritation (and possibly paperwork) afterwards. Or he could walk into one of the many bars in the neighborhood and drink as much he can in as little time as possible, and see if this is the time the alcohol finally outpaces his souped-up metabolism.He doesn't want a strip club--he likes looking at naked women as much as the next person, despite what the rest of the team thinks, but right now they would just be a distraction. He doesn't want a brightly-lit, tourist-friendly theme restaurant either, the kind that have proliferated in Times Square in the years he was gone. Since he's been back, he hasn't spent much time in the kind of hole-in-the-wall dive he's craving now, the kind of place where nobody ever asked for ID or cared if you had to be carried out by your best friend because you'd tried to go shot for shot with him and couldn't handle it."Hey."He turns to see Agent Coulson's assistant walking out of the building. She's dressed all in black, like any good employee of SHIELD, though she's wearing a pair of pink high top sneakers instead of the usual spit-shined black boots.He bows his head in greeting. "Ms. Lewis."Her mouth quirks in a grin. "Captain Rogers." She tosses off a little mock salute and even in the midst of his bad mood it makes him smile. "You look like a man who could use a drink."He knows he should stop being surprised by how perceptive she can be--she works for Agent Coulson, who likes them all to think he's omniscient, and her efficiency is a large part of that. Or maybe he's just wearing his feelings on his face again. It happens. "You're not wrong.""Let's go," she says, slipping her hand into the crook of his elbow. "I hear the frozen margaritas calling my name."The place she takes him to is a few blocks and one flight of stairs away. It's warm and familiar--wood paneled walls and a grizzled Irishman behind the scarred copper-topped bar. If it weren't for the widescreen TVs cluttering up the place, Steve could almost believe he's back in Brooklyn in the forties. There's music playing, but softly enough that he can't identify it and ruin the illusion."Scotch, neat," he says as the bartender lays laminated menus down in front of them."And I will have a frozen blue raspberry margarita," Darcy says. She pulls a credit card out of her wallet and hands it to the bartender. "We'd like to open a tab."Steve feels like a heel. "Ms. Lewis--""First of all, it's Darcy, and second of all, hell, yes, SHIELD can buy us some booze to drown our sorrows.""If you say so, Darcy.""I do." She nods decisively. "If only more people listened to me. The world would be a much better place."The bartender sets their drinks down, and Darcy raises her glass in a toast before she takes a sip of the blue, slushy drink. Steve knocks back his two fingers of scotch, enjoying the acrid burn of it as it slides down his throat and into his belly, and taps the rim of the glass for another. The bartender fills it up and wanders away."So," Darcy says, playing with her straw, "I know why I needed a drink, but what's your story, Captain?""Steve," he says. "Please."She swallows and licks her very full, very pink lips. "Okay, Steve. What's got America's favorite son all in a tizzy?""I went to see," he hesitates, "an old friend today.""Oh," she says, drawing the sound out. She takes another long sip of her drink. "Agent Carter's not doing so well, is she?" She taps her fingers on the bar. "I read her file." She huffs softly. "I've read everybody's file." Then she shakes her head. "I'm sorry.""No, it's--" It's not fine, but he can't bring himself to say anything else."It's fucked up, is what it is," Darcy says. "I thought it was hard for Thor, you know? He's not even from this planet. But he gets to go home and come back whenever he wants now. You, on the other hand." She shakes her head. "You died saving the world and you got to come back, but everybody you knew is gone. That is legit sad.""It is." He knocks back another drink."Whoa, take it easy there, soldier," Darcy says, taking his hand. Her fingers are warm and soft.He shrugs. "I can't get drunk," he tells her. "Not really, not anymore.""Man, it's just one sucky thing on top of another with you," she says. She doesn't let go of his hand.He laughs, because if he can't laugh, he'll cry. "So why are you here drowning your sorrows on company time, Ms. Lewis?"She lets go of his hand and he finds he misses the warmth of her touch. She doesn't seem aware of it. She waves over the bartender and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
First Time
Friends With Benefits
Loss of Virginity
Banter

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

