Chapter 1: Beginning The War We Call University Life
    




Chapter Text
Hiro smiled when he felt the warmth breath ghosting over his throat. Softly warm little kisses were being pressed into Hiro’s neck getting the young teen to giggle before swatting a bit at the face that was tickling him. “Tadashi! It tickles.” Hiro laughed, getting the other larger male to kiss even more. “Tadashi!” Hiro whined, getting the other to chuckle before he finally stopped. Hiro watched as his brother pulled away looking into his eyes as they changed before him. No longer was the usual beautiful raw umber brown that Hiro was so used too. Instead black pupils were slit and the color of red ruby was blazing. To some this may seem intimidating, but to Hiro they were beautiful. “Tadashi, we got our first day of school today! Get up so we can get ready!” Hiro laughed as he brother went back to nuzzling his neck. “I know its just… me and the wolf need to scent mark you a little bit more.” Tadashi confessed, getting Hiro to hum in understanding. Hiro laid there on their shared bed as Tadashi continued to nuzzle Hiro’s neck every so often flicking his tongue on his skin getting shivers of pleasure to Hiro. Hiro loved it when his brother did this and always allowed his brother to do it whenever he needed too. “Okay, let’s get ready.” Tadashi groaned sounding disappointed as he slowly parted from Hiro’s neck. Hiro grinned as he burst out of the bed surprising Tadashi as he rushed around their shared dorm room for their first day at their new school. The new school in which both Tadashi and Hiro were forced to attend after Tadashi was turned into a werewolf. It happened just a little over three months ago. Tadashi and Hiro were walking home from a robotics convention. The two had decided to cut through the park-walking straight into a battle between rogue hunters and an Alpha werewolf with her pack. Hiro shivered as he remembers the nightmarish scene of the rogue hunters laughing as they shot down both werewolves and human. The Alpha had turned inside just as the guns were point at them and attacked whoever was the closest. Which unfortunately were Hiro and Tadashi. Tadashi seeing what was about to happen threw Hiro to the side and took the bite that pierced into his arm before he thrown against the tree. He had screamed his brother name before rushing towards Tadashi crying for him to get up and pulling on his unconscious brother. The Alpha had turned to the rogue hunters and attacked. While the Alpha werewolf managed to take down three did the remaining two rogues soon take her down. Hiro held Tadashi close as he stared at those murderous faces of those hunters. All that was in their eyes was the wanting to kill and shed blood. Hiro whimpered as they raised their guns towards Hiro and Tadashi quietly calling for any help for him and his brother. Hiro remembered all too well on what happened next. ( - Flash Back - )“Someone help…” Hiro whimpered as he saw the hunters slowly raise their guns. Then suddenly it was like everything was happening too fast. One minute Tadashi was bleeding in Hiro’s arms and the next he’s making the hunters bleed by ripping out their throats. Hiro had watched it all back against a tree his hand clutching in shirt as he watched his brother seem to turn into someone else as he kept ripping the bodies apart. Tearing off their arms, their legs and even ripping their main body apart before throwing it aside. “Tadashi.” Hiro whispered, fear being laced in his voice as he saw the blood splattering all over the green grass ground. On cue his brother seemed to snap his attention towards him. Making Hiro flinch at the elongated teeth he had and the large claws that almost shined in the moonlight that beamed down on them. Again all Hiro could do was watch as Tadashi slowly made his way back to him. Each step resonating in Hiro’s ear as he came closer and closer before finally he was in front of Hiro’s curled form. “Tadashi?” Hiro asked, his lips quivering. Hiro didn’t want to feel fear, because this was Tadashi. But, he knew that something wasn’t right with Tadashi. Ruby glowing red eyes stared down into Hiro’s large brown ones. Gently, Tadashi knelt down in front of Hiro before bringing him into a warm embrace. Hiro had cried when he was finally in Tadashi’s arms because this was familiar. This was an action he knew Tadashi would always do if Hiro were ever scared. Hiro clutched onto his brother’s shoulder before pulling away to look at Tadashi’s face. “Tada-..” Hiro was about call, but soon bloody lips meet his own. The night that Tadashi turned into a werewolf was also the night where Hiro shared his first bloody kiss with his mate.( - End of Flash Back - )“Hiro, are you alright?” Tadashi asked, wrapping his arms around Hiro’s thin torso. Hiro shook his head shaking from the memory before turning around. “I’m okay. But I am a little hungry.” Hiro added, knowing his brother would know if he lied or not. One of the do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada
Wasabi-No Ginger/Gogo Tomago
Fred | Fredzilla/Honey Lemon

freeform: 
Incest
Werewolf Tadashi
Overprotective Tadashi
knots
University Life
Dorm Life - Freeform
Robot Geeks
Seriously I don't get tagging

fandom: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada
Wasabi-No Ginger/Gogo Tomago
Fred | Fredzilla/Honey Lemon

