Work Text:
The next time he sees his brother, they’re surrounded by fire and water and sirens spinning sickly wails into the air.An explosion shakes the street under their feet.This is how much I’ve missed you, Thor thinks.Another explosion, and Loki watches Thor, he can feel the streaks on his face, dirt and ash from the collapsed bank nearby and then, Loki smiles.Mjölnir hangs loose in his grasp as Thor smiles back.  “Loki.”It sounds like awe.Then there’s movement beside Thor, coming fast as a scythe, and Loki vanishes, avoiding the red-white-blue shield hurtling like a comet.-There’s a presence in the room and he was expecting it, hoping for it.Thor pretends to be sleeping when Loki slips into the shadows of his bedchambers.  These in the Tower are nothing compared to his proper ones in Asgard, but here on Midgard, he supposes beggars can’t be choosers.He watches over the thrown curve of his arm and pillow for a moment, his brother hiding lean as a wolf as if he were at home, lithe and watching and Thor remembers catching glimpses of Loki out of the corner of his eye as Fandral drove towards him in a sparring match or Volstagg refilled his cup at the table or Mother told him to be careful over the gleam of his armor.  His hair is longer than when Thor last saw him, however long ago that was, time works so differently between realms and when Loki fell, he lost his mind.Briefly.  It’s hard to tell time anymore.“I know you’re there,” Thor finally says.  “Stop hiding.”“Maybe I’m a figment, just a dream,” Loki replies.  “Did you dream of me?”The shadows slip away as Thor sits up and he almost can’t believe this is Loki, alive, blood and bone and skin, he spent endless broken-down days thinking he’d never see his brother again.“Every night.”  He hates to confess it, but he’s never been able to lie properly to Loki, the words never sound right when he speaks.“Why should tonight be any different.”“I saw you.  On the field of battle today.  You were there.”“That doesn’t make me real,” Loki presses and Thor runs a hand through his hair, frowning, because, of course.“No, it makes you Loki.”Loki laughs, that sound Thor hadn’t—hasn’t forgotten, will never forget, and the long stretch of throat his brother presents, vulnerable and inviting, one of the truly unconscious things about Loki, how he laughs.“Do you enjoy battling me.”It isn’t a question, more like a curiosity and Thor says, “We always fight.”“This isn’t a fight,” Loki says, “Thor, this is a battle.”  He steps closer to the bed and his eyes glitter in the floating dark.  “The difference is though we fight, they appear and they make it a battle.”The others.  The mortals.“They are my friends,” Thor says, as if it should be a final explanation, albeit weak.Loki leans in close, not touching Thor yet, and Thor wants to grab him, yank him off his feet onto the bed, sporting fun, like when they were younger.“Thus, battle,” Loki says.He won’t choose, Loki is asking him to choose, but it isn’t a choice, it never has been.  Loki shouldn’t even have to ask.When Loki traces a finger down his jaw, he smells of smoke and destruction before he says, “Sleep well,” and he disappears before Thor can reach for him.-The next day is quiet and Thor spends the hours waiting, his brother out there, alive in the world, and the next fight will be a present because he’ll see Loki again, in the daylight, alive.He whispers to Mjölnir about Loki returning to them and he thinks of past times when Loki would laugh at him for talking to his weapon before battle.Battle.So then the next day after there is an alarm and there is a fight.Loki surrounded by broken concrete, magic spilling from his hands, and Thor takes a step back to see him properly.A flash of red and gold, the furious sound of jets as Iron Man shoots past, headed at his brother, an arrow unleashed with a high whine along the same path, and the curving black of the lady Black Widow as she moves like oil in sunlight.At his brother.Thor stops a car from flipping sideways as a roar of green jumps overhead, the Hulk landing with a crash, and above the scattered noises of chaos, he hears Loki say, “Come and touch me, don’t fight, just try to touch me, if you can!”A vicious challenge to his new friends and he knows they won’t refuse.Something is on fire.-He doesn’t even try to sleep because he knows Loki will appear.  His brother doesn’t make a sound, he’s just suddenly there, as if Thor had wished for him.  Sometimes he does.In his hand, he’s carrying a green apple, a Midgardian mundane Loki picked up, Thor knows these little things fascinate him.“These are not like the apples of home,” Loki says, “Idunn might turn up her nose at these.”  He tosses the apple in the air, catching it, over and over, a nervous trick, like he used to do with his knives or tiny flames.“Yes,” Thor agrees.“They have no special qualities, no magical properties, none of the nutrients we as gods demand.” Loki walks as he talks, putting his back to Thor and it’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki

freeform: 
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Thor/Loki

