Work Text:





It's not like Steve doesn't take the same route home from school every night.  He does.  Once he gets off the light rail at Brook Branch, he's got to get through the "rougher" area to his studio in Forest Hills.  But the studio is a clean, well-maintained place, at a price he can afford while eking out his BFA on the GI Bill and a part-time job at a hardware shop.  Steve's not crazy about the hour and a half to two hours it takes to get home, between the trains, waiting, and walking, but he sure as hell prefers all that to starving in order to pay Manhattan rents.  He went through enough of that as a kid.The point is, Steve has probably passed the guy two blocks away from the station before.  Hell, the kid might have even tried catching his attention.  But Steve is more the curtains-and-china-pattern type than anything, and even if he wasn't, he doesn't think sex for cash would get his motor running.  So he never really pays attention to the girls in their too-high heels with too-low tops, or the boys in muscle shirts and jeans that are more fray than jean. Everyone's gotta make a living, Steve figures.  And he knows how lucky he is, how insanely fortunate it was that his childhood asthma and generally piss-poor health had resolved itself in his last years of high school, in time for him to enlist and spend five years in the service.  Five years of regular pay, regular meals, a regular place to sleep. He slept in enough shelters as a kid, and even a teen, to value each of those things.  And he was intimately familiar with those who were not as lucky, persons with health issues or no education.  Not everyone had a mom who'd loved him until her dying breath.  Not everyone had the ability to finish high school.  Steve isn't the type to complain, nor is he the type to judge, at least not in the instance of sex-work.  That doesn't mean he looks.He can't say, exactly, why he looks that night.  Maybe it's because fall is on its way out, and despite the hour being relatively early, it's pitch dark, at least three streetlights on the block out.  Or maybe it's because it's raining.  Maybe it's because a cough interrupts the guy's purr of, "Hey, mister."  Or maybe it's the way Steve can just barely see the blush that sign of humanity brings to his face.The point is, he looks.  And sees a guy around his own age, shivering, doing his best to smile attractively.  He sees the sharp thrust of the guy's cheek bones, the way he keeps moving to wrap one arm around himself and then forcing it to his side, the way he presses his mouth determinedly closed every few moments, as if to swallow his coughs.  The way one sleeve of what can only mockingly be called a jacket is tucked into his pocket, empty.It's laughable, really.  Even if Steve wanted to buy a quick fuck, he hasn't got that kind of disposable income.  But he does have a place to go with a roof and heating, a shower and dry towels, and more than enough canned tomato soup, white bread, peanut butter, and other bargain basics to share.  Before he knows what he's doing, he asks, "How much?"The guy blinks, as if he hadn't expected Steve to respond.  Steve supposes that's fair.  The guy lowers his eyelashes, and damn if it doesn't make Steve notice he's beautiful.  Steve growls at himself for even looking.  Jesus.  The guy needs help.  And Steve can get laid without cash involved, thank you very much.The guy says, "Twenty for a hand-job, thirty-five for a blowjob, fifty for penetration with protection, seventy without, and one hundred to leave a mark.  Anything else is negotiable."His voice sounds rough, but he's selling it, his hips cocked just right.  Steve tilts his head.  "How much for the night?"The guy hesitates for a bit.  Steve's not sure whether it's uncertainty about what he's getting himself into, or just a lack of familiarity with the question.  Finally, he says, "Normally five hundred, but I'll give you the rainy day discount for three.  That does not include bondage, other participants, or bloodplay.  Those are extra."Steve feels a little sick to his stomach at the matter-of-fact nature of the response.  He mentally runs through his bank account and monthly expenses, deciding whether he can do three hundred.  He'll definitely be cutting it close on utilities, but he can draw a little out of his savings and be fine.  If need be, he can probably pick up some commissions or other freelancing jobs.  He holds out his hand.  "Three hundred."They guy shakes his hand, the grip firm even if the fingers burn like ice.  He says, "I'm James.  Pleasure doing business with you."Steve doesn't think he looks like a James, but that's really none of his business.  He says, "Steve.  Pleasure's all mine."

*
Steve opens the door to his place and stands back to let James inside.  There's nothing fancy about it.  He'd gone with a futon for a bed so he could have a couch during the day.  Most everything in the place was either a gift or salvaged from a garage sale or t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Ableism
Torture
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Depression

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

