Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Coronary arrest feels like a fistful of ice shoved down the back of his shirt, a feeling Alex is intimately familiar with, because Erik used that exact method to teach him that getting up at the crack of dawn is good for him.It was only the development of fabulous abs, a result of running every morning to shake off the cold, that stopped Alex from hiring a live alligator to put in Erik’s bed. When he thinks back on it, it was probably a good thing he decided against it; putting a live alligator in Erik’s bed might have resulted in Alex getting a new, scaly mother, and then he would have had no friends whatsoever.His life is complicated like that.Right now, Raven flutters madly at his side and, if Alex knows anything at all about girls, about Raven, she is mentally diving for her phone, because she is a colossal pervert, and Erik is soaped up and splayed on the hood of a dripping wet car, next to an equally disheveled Mr. Xavier. If life was porn, and, god willing, Alex remains hopeful, they would be humping in under a minute.Oh god, he did not just have that thought about Mr. Xavier.“It’s like he’s doing it on purpose,” Raven says, slack-jawed, when Erik takes control of the hose and sprays everything in thirty foot radius, grinning inanely.“I think I’ve seen a porno like this once,” Angel says, and props a wet sponge on her shoulder so that the suds drip between her breasts and soak into her black bikini.“Kill me,” Alex says miserably.Mr. Xavier straightens and an honest to god giggle escapes his mouth. He turns to look at Erik, a guileless fool, and somehow their gazes meet, his grin gets wider, and Alex wants to die.When Erik notices them watching, he blows a raspberry in their direction. Alex really, really wants to die then.He escapes the humiliation as soon as he is able. Raven invites him and Hank over, to toast the success (the class trip is now more than a certainty, she says) and demolish Charles’ private stash of vodka.“You know, I really think Charles has a thing for your dad,” she tells him later that evening. She sways as she speaks and the lamp light glistens in the scaly pattern of her bikini. Alex tops off her shot glass and raises the bottle in a silent salute. “Can’t blame him, your dad is a total DILF.”Hank is so smashed, he actually nods. He must have forgotten sunscreen, because his face, around the pale circles left by sunglasses, looks pink. He’s stretched out all the way across Raven’s bedroom, all seventeen and a half feet of him (and every inch wasted on a nerd who’d much rather read than run, in Alex’s humble opinion), with his head propped on his hands. There are wet patches on his shorts, his shirt is hanging off one shoulder and sticking to the other. If he was a girl, Alex would be staring down cleavage, but things being what they are, all he can see is shallow valley of Hank’s sternum.“He kinda is. Like a bad biker person in leather,” Hank says into the carpet.Alex, who is in the process of taking a swig straight up from the bottle, chokes, coughs and addresses everyone in turn. “Please take that back, Raven. Please. For the love of god. And you, no. Just no. Gay people don’t get to vote on the hotness of my dad. He’s my dad!”“Nope. He really is. Totally smitten.” Raven pours herself another shot.“He’s not gay,” Alex says, desperately. He’s not sure if he’s talking about his father or Mr. Xavier. The picture of the two of them on the hood of the car is far more vivid than he’s comfortable with.“Everyone is gay for Charles. He’s got this thing going on for him. Trust me. Everyone.” Raven looks around and lowers her voice. When she finally speaks it is very nearly sober. “My brother -- half-brother -- his stepbrother -- is totally gay for Charles. Was. Of course he is also insane, but my point is made.”“Mr. Xavier isn’t gay!”“No, but he’s willing to wing it.” Raven leans into him, grinning like the devil-woman she is, and licks her lips. “That one time, I saw him making out with the captain of the football team -- he was in college then, you wouldn’t believe the slut he was -- and I swear to god, that guy has been straight as an arrow all his life. A perfect zero on the Kinsey scale. Or ten. Can’t remember.”Alex feels his brain trickle out of his ears. He’s happy to let it, if it gets the images out of his mind. Hank reaches out to pat him on the head, but only manages to shove Alex’s forehead into the carpet. The feel of his fingers in Alex’s hair is soothing, however, so he remains for the time being, crushed under the weight of the world.He returns home in the morning, because fuck if he’s going to risk life and limb finding his way home in the dark. He leaves Raven’s palace -- or Mr. Xavier’s palace, really -- together with Hank, finding the requisite balance somewhere between the two of them. The pavement is a little unsteady under their feet, but Hank hasn’t been winning science fairs since he was five for nothing. He calculates (Alex can hear 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

