Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Alex isn't really surprised when Agent Lehnsherr finds him in the old squat. There's nothing left here, really, just a pin-neat bed with clean, worn linens, a couple of books lined up along the wall, a lamp, a chair and a table — evidence Scott had been here and tried to make a home here before he'd had to take off. Alex doesn't know what he was thinking, busting out of prison four weeks shy of liberty, but he's always known that not going after his little brother was never an option. They're alone, they've got nobody, but they've always been alone together.He hears Lehnsherr before he actually sees him, just his voice calling out, "You armed?"Alex snorts. "Have I ever needed to be?" he asks.Lehnsherr peers out from around a corner, smiling a little. "No," he admits, and adds, "Although it'd be pretty pointless against me, anyway."Alex glares. "Whatever, just — take me back or whatever," he says, and goes back to staring at his hands, the torn skin of his knuckles, and feels himself shaking. Scott's out there somewhere alone, and Alex might never see him again. He's been such a fucking terrible brother, Alex keeps thinking, something balling up in his throat. He's been such a fucking wreck that the only person he's ever needed to take care of he's let down and now he's who the hell knows where, and Scott is just a kid — just a stupid kid —"You should have waited a month, Summers," Lehnsherr says from overhead, and his voice sounds almost soft. "They're going to throw the key away on you for this."Alex figures that Lehnsherr probably punches old ladies for breakfast, but there are snatches sometimes, accidental revelations of a person underneath that is actually creepier to know than not; he knows Lehnsherr has come to each of his parol hearings, argued for good behavior. Alex heard Lehnsherr say, "He's a good kid who hasn't made the best of a bad situation," once.Alex claws at his hair. "It's my brother — you don't just walk away from —" and cuts himself off.Lehnsherr drops a hand to Alex's shoulder. "I know," he tells him, and clearing his throat, says into his walkie talkie, "I have him. He's unarmed and cooperating."***Hank visits him in jail, dressed up like every bad stereotype of a lawyer out of every bad episode of Night Court."Jesus Christ, what the fuck are you doing?" Alex asks, because Hank has that fresh-faced, sweet-mouthed look that would get him eaten alive in here, and he feels antsy just thinking about him walking into this shithole with those eyes and that earnestness and that pleather briefcase.Frowning, Hank says, "You're an idiot. You should have just called me. I would have gone for him."Alex glares at the table in the visitors room. "I didn't want to get you involved, you bozo.""Oh look, this is me, not involved," Hank snaps, because even though he looks like the fold-out of every edition of Emotionally Fragile Twinks R Us, version bozo lab nerd, he's actually the meanest little fuck in the world. "Look, I have a plan to get you out of here."Swallowing hard, Alex says, "I'm not breaking out of here again."He'd cashed in all his chips for good behavior on that one. They have him in full ankle and wrist chains now, a reflector suit on so if he tries to sling a laser it'll just blow back at him and slice his spine in half. He's gone back into solitary, but he's glad for it, weirdly, because at least in solitary the inferno of frustration he feels isn't going to hurt anybody when it blows."No, but we can cut you a deal," Hank insists."I got nothing anybody wants," Alex says flatly."You've got information," Hank returns, and he glances at one trio of guards camped around them at a semi-respectful distance, shows them a folder, before he gets the nod and slides it over to Alex. "Do you — do you remember that crew you used to run with?"Alex frowns, because it's not exactly like he ever worked with a gang. "Crew," he repeats."I mean, you pulled a couple of jobs with them, with — ?" Hank starts, and Alex snarls:"Hank, shut the fuck up."Hank does, but he just stares at Alex instead, his mouth an angry, folded-up thing and whispers, "Look, you didn't know then. This was before it got…intense, and horrible. You just thought he was robbing banks and offices."The guards at the door don't really give a shit, and they're not charged with eavesdropping or spying — that's why the prison has CCTV, after all — but Alex can't help but slant a look at them, paranoid. "Fucking excuse me for not wanting to make my sentence three times longer than it already is, okay?" he hisses. "And like you said, it was ages ago, there's no reason to bring it up. It'll just make things worse.""Alex," Hank snaps at him, as ferociously as you can snap at someone if you're talking in whispers. "The military's paid more and written off a lot more for less information than you have, all right?"Alex leans back, breaking the bubble of space between them. "Hank, leave it. I swear to God.""I'm not going t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
