Chapter 1: spanking
    




Chapter Text
“ Thor, Thor.....THHOOORRR.”, “ Please, I won't tell anyone.” “ I will let you see mine.”, “ PLEASE, PLEASE, PRETTY PLEASE.”“ Let me see yours. You can have my cake for an entire week.” begged a 8 yr old Loki, doing his best kicked puppy impression.“ All the boys in my class will pick on me if I am the only one who never saw a...”  he sniffled fat tears rolling down his pudgy cheeks and Thor knew Loki won.She hated seeing her baby brother sad and tears in his big emerald eyes are a big no no.The twelve year old sighed putting on her most annoyed face and says,” FINE.  But only once. And No touching and Absolutely no more whining.”She lifts her skirts and Loki crawls under, his tiny hands gripping her bony knees to steady himself. HE started at her accusingly, impatient for her to remove her white under wear. Thor fumbled with many layers of his dress pulling her white panties down to her ankles steeping closer to her baby brother.Loki's eyes widen, lips parted in awe. “ Thor ! You don't have a pee pee.”
Instead of a protruding sword, his sister has a peach colored slit. His hand reached out, his little fingers poking at the pink folds, frowning when his sister jerked back.“ Stop it Loki, it tickles.” shouted Thor startling the young prince.As if burnt, little Loki moved his fingers to his chest, his mouth opening probably with a smart comment when his father's booming voice cuts him off.“ THOR.” cried Odin voice full of anger as he nearly floated through the doors, massive belly heaving, vein throbbing in his neck.Both siblings knew the look and Loki vanished with a Squeak leaving Thor to face their father.
“ Father....., I... we ....the boys.” babbled Thor in face of parental fury.“ That is enough Thor.” Odin snapped frothing at his mouth.“ Come with me. I will deal with you in my rooms.”  he said walking away.Thor doesn't know what exactly she did wrong...but she knows she is in trouble and the infuriating part was she did not do anything to cause it. She is sure she will get spanked. Oh.. well. She followed  father down the hall, into their parents room nearly hitting Odin as he came to a halt by the bed.Her father went to the closet coming back with a wooden paddle in hand placing it on the bed. He sat down giving her his full attention.“ What were you doing?” Odin asked carefully, trying to conceal his anger.Thor shrinks backs, suddenly feeling scared. Why was her father so mad? “ Erm.....The boys.......” she murmured trying to explain her fingers toying with her shoulder length hair. After a few moments, she huffed pressing her lips into a thin line refusing to explain herself.Odin sighs knowing his daughter. He narrows his eyes, “ Thor, listen to me. If I ever catch you doing things like that. You will be in deep trouble, is it clear ?”  “ Yes, father.” Thor bobbed her head obediently.“ Now for your punishment, go stand in the corner. You will receive ten beatings each hand.” Gritting her teeth, the young princess made a show of walking to the far side of the room, deliberately taking her time.At the blatant disregard, Odin felt his anger returning red hot, he grabbed the young princess by her shoulders and unceremoniously pulled her to him, splaying her across his lap, her bottom in air.His large hand smacked her bottom, shocking the young goddess into crying out. Thor cried out more in shock than in real pain as the many layers of her dress cushioned the blow.Three more smacks landed on the bum and Thor looked up to see her red faced father breathing like a charging bull as he brought his hand down on her bum. She giggled no longer able to contain her mirth as the punishment felt no more than gentle flicks.Giggles registered through his anger and Odin looked around to find the offending party as he met out justice on his naughty daughter's bottom. His remaining eye twitches in outrage watching his daughter laugh through the punishment.“What is wrong with you, girl” he shouts voice thunderous.“ It doesn't h...hahaha,...The dress...” gasped Thor another fit of laughter overtaking her little frame.Odin sees red, the laughter grating on his fragile ego. Furious he grabbed her by her neck, throwing her on the massive bed, crawling over and caging her between his legs.“ You cause trouble every time you step outside.” He shouted, pushing the many layers of her dress exposing her pale bottom. The first strike startles Thor at how hard it hit and she cries out for real. The next one hits even harder. The sixth one brings tears to her eyes and ninth one has her whimpering in pain. “ Daddy, please....” She cried out pained voiced muffled by the sheets.Odin ignores her and rains down another five blows to her ass stopping to look at the teary eyed, red blotched face.He looks down in satisfaction to see her bright red bottom, hand shaped marks decorating all over her back. Thor whimpers, squirming to get away when her legs fall open.Odin can see her plump hairless pussy 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Odin/Thor (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Laufey (Marvel)
Frigga/others
Frigga | Freyja/Loki (Marvel)

freeform: 
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Kid Thor (Marvel)
Underage Sex
Female Thor (Marvel)
Extremely Dubious Consent
Explicit Sexual Content
Grooming
Manipulative Relationship
Father/Son Incest
Father-Daughter Relationship
Daddy Kink
Kid Loki and Kid Thor (Marvel)
Non-Consensual Spanking
Groping
Dirty Thoughts
innocent Thor
Accidental Voyeurism
Teasing
Licking
Kissing
First Time
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Come Eating
dirty old men
Older Man/Younger Woman
Drugged Sex
Cunnilingus
Unconscious Sex
Extremely Underage
Consensual Underage Sex
Don't Like Don't Read
Pedophilia
Cheating
Canon-Typical Violence
Child Death
Minor Character Death
Violent Sex
Rape/Non-con Elements
Face-Sitting
pussy licking
pussy eating
Somnophilia
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Virginity Kink
Sexual Grooming
Mother-Son Relationship
Step-Sibling Incest
First Time Blow Jobs
Blow Jobs
Sex Toys
Magic
Implied/Referenced Torture
Mouth Sewn Shut
Revenge

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Odin/Thor (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Laufey (Marvel)
Frigga/others
Frigga | Freyja/Loki (Marvel)

