Chapter 1: But This is How It Starts
    


Notes:
Hello readers!! Welcome to my first story (YAY)!! So this chapter is just kind of setting up our plot, please, please let me know what you think! I'm really excited to be posting this story so I hope you'll all enjoy!!~ DancingInTheDark282

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony Stark was a very public person. His private life seemed non existent since everyone knew who he was, where he was, what he was doing and so on. So, for a man who grew up in the public eye, he knew exactly what to do where his parents went wrong about raising a child:Keeping them out of the public eye.As a self-described Playboy, he knew there was always a possibility of there being a kid, somewhere, who carried the Stark gene. He didn’t realize that this possibility would be brought to the lobby of his work, held by a crazy woman who demanded his presence and quite literally shoved into his arms.Of course, there were some logistical issues at hand. First and foremost, who the hell the woman was, because he didn’t remember. The second, was the kid, a little girl with dark hair and the most brilliant blue eyes he’d ever seen, and the third was his long time girlfriend, Pepper. He expected some kind of reaction from her, but honestly? He should have known better.Pepper was calm through the whole conversation, smiling softly at the little girl. When asked later, she simply said, “It’s not her fault that she was born into this.”And that was how Tony Stark ended up with joint custody of his child, the word seemed foreign in his mouth, which later turned into full custody when her mother went too far into the drug world.Fast forward ten years, Tony had a sixteen-going-on-seventeen-year-old daughter that no one knew about. Except Rhodey. And Happy. And the avengers, because the less people knew about her the better. He was curious as to how long it could go on, how long he could blame the excess texts on Pepper. No one seemed to question it, even though Pepper was one of the busiest people on the planet.They were going to tell them, tell the world, once she turned 18. They had to. But for now, they kept their little secret between them. Their life was shockingly normal for the most part. They had dinner together most nights, did movie nights when they could, worked together in the lab. She hung out with the Avengers as much as she could, but strategically kept herself out of attention.She walked out of her room, closing the door softly behind her. She made her way down the hall, the entire time her eyes glued to the Starkpad in front of her. She heard someone cooking in the kitchen, and she briefly glanced up, smiling at Pepper.“Morning Pepper.”“Good morning,” she checked the clock, “almost afternoon.”Melanie shrugged, “I was up late. Helping dad.”She shook her head, “You and your father are going to give me grey hair. What on earth were you two working on?”“Mark 22.”She rolled her eyes, a hint of a smile on her face, “Of course.” She sighed, watching as Melanie scrolled on the Starkpad, flipping through diagrams, absentmindedly sitting on the stool in front of the island, “You are your father’s daughter.”She grinned, “And you love me for it.”Pepper laughed softly, “Yeah, I do.”She pulled up another diagram, calling, “FRI, can you project this for me?”“Of course, Tiny Stark.”She rolled her eyes at the nickname, “Please change my name back to Mel.”“Of course, Mel.”The Ironman suit appeared in front of her, and she delicately spun it around. She glanced at Pepper, “What do you think of a colour change?”Pepper raised an eyebrow, “You want to change the colours of your dad’s suit?”Melanie shrugged, “Or I get my own suit and change the colours.”Pepper pursed her lips, sighing, “You know how your father feels about that.”“Yeah, I know. It’s dangerous and scary, and people don’t know I exist so a different Ironman who is clearly smaller would raise a lot of questions,” her tone was bored. She’d had the argument many times. Enough times that it was civil now.Pepper smiled, “Exactly.”“How about when my identity is out there? Like, Melanie Austin-Stark.”Pepper stared down at the eggs in the pan, letting out a slow sigh, “That is up to your father.”Melanie smiled, “That wasn’t a no.”Pepper gave her a half-hearted glare, “It also wasn’t a yes.”She shrugged, moving on with the conversation, “Want me to go grab dad?”She nodded, and Melanie gracefully slipped off the stool, swiping away the hologram. She made her way down to the lab, assuming her father would be there. She stopped at the door to the lab, pressing her hand against the scanner. It flashed blue and the door slid open, letting the ACDC blare through.She found herself smiling, the familiar tune bringing her back to late nights in the lab. She watched him for a moment, maneuvering the hologram ahead of him, and she called, “Dad! Dad!”With no response, she shouted at the ceiling, “FRIDAY, lowe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Original Female Character
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Romance
Teen Romance
Secret Identity
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Pepper Potts
I'm Bad At Tagging
How Do I Tag
I Will Go Down With This Ship
I'm Bad At Summaries
B.A.R.F. | Binarily Augmented Retro Framing
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Protective Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Original Character-centric
Not Canon Compliant
Protective Avengers
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Mario Kart
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Avengers Compound
Domestic Avengers
Babysitting
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Avengers
Protective Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Original Female Character
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

