Work Text:

Time: 2130C

Date: 04 FEB 19

Location: 12N 21’ 0.22” 50E 12’ 27.07”
The lower deck echoes under Steve’s boots as he drops 20 feet and impacts on the grated surface.  He ducks as a guard’s head swivels around. Then, a minute later, Steve creeps forward to follow in the man’s footsteps as he moves on to the next corridor of the ancient, tight-passaged oil ship.  Steve plays at being a shadow, slipping down the cramped passages, keeping his breathing shallow and his heartbeat slow.  Any second, the guard could turn around to reverse his path, and Steve needs to be ready to hide.  Normally he’d clock the guy. But, Steve can spot the curled, black cord snaking down the guard’s neck, and he suspects that the sparse security on this tanker make regular reports to compensate for their numbers.  Sure enough, just as Steve ducks behind a barrel, the guard does an about-face as soon as he passes a door marked with a neon green smudge.  He mutters a bored sounding report into his collar as he passes, and Steve takes it as a good sign.“First checkpoint, lower level,” Steve barely breathes into his own comm.  He peers around the barrel hoping to spot the next guard.  “Cabins, front lower.  Three dispatched,” G murmurs back.  The next guard comes by in turn, and Steve follows him further into the belly of the ship on the balls of his feet.  He keeps his eyes alert for the red or green lights of a camera, but he doesn’t spot any.  This time, he ducks into a stairwell when the guard turns.  “Second checkpoint, lower level.  Estimated less than 40 yards to engine room,” he whispers.  “Back on bridge, upper level.  Two dispatched,” G reports back.  “Wait for my mark,” Steve orders.  He spots the third guard and falls in behind him as they weave through the increasingly spacious hallways, finally leaving the cramped passageways snaking through the massive oil tanks behind.  Almost at his objective, the sole of Steve’s boot squeaks against the scummy tile as he imitates the footfalls of the man a yard in front of him.  The man screams angrily in Arabic as he whirls on Steve, pushing him against the wall and pointing a gun in his face.  The cold metal presses against Steve’s jaw, probably leaving an angry ring, and Steve looks past the guard to see at least eight more sprinting in their direction.  “Mark,” he says through his teeth as a second gun wavers dangerously at his jugular.  “Not bad.  I’d say three yards from where the camera field starts,” G reports, before fingers reach forward to yank the earpiece out.  More hands spin Steve and pat him down, taking his pistol and his knife.  He feels the scrape against his wrists as they bind him with wire, winding it around and around, until they tuck the blunt end inside the makeshift cuff.  Steve’s pretty sure that it’s going to bleed.They frog march Steve into the camera field, and he struggles for G’s benefit.  “Sir, we caught a man in the corridor!” one of the lackeys calls, his accent thick and excited.  They pull Steve into the pump room and force him to his knees; several lackeys stay to guard him while two more step through the entryway to the engine room where the leaders of the Hydra splinter group have set up their command center.  Even almost five years after Hydra’s exposure and destruction, they’re still finding splinter groups like this one.  Led by Christine Mencken’s former colleagues and fleshed out by bafflingly loyal foot soldiers, they slithered into dark corners overlooked by the rebuilt SHIELD.  So many times, Steve and the other Avengers had thought they eradicated the last traces of Hydra, only for a threat like this to materialize on an oil tanker in the Gulf of Aden, sending brainwashing signals into Yemen to lull the people into blind pacifism on their government’s dime.  Maybe the thing about cutting off heads is true.  The two lackeys march back into the crowded pump room, and the scientist in charge of the aptly named “pacifying ray” follows.  He’s an older white man who would be rather distinguished and handsome looking if his chosen career didn’t see him spending most of his days in rusty ships.  As it is, he’s sallow and thin, and the ill lighting in the pump room makes his expression look a little unhinged.  “You fools.  That’s Captain America,” he says almost calmly, like he’s been waiting for SHIELD to come after him.  The lackeys panic, and one of them pistol whips Steve in the eye; he shuts it against the sudden pain and swelling, vision reduced.This would be a great time for G to come to his aid, but he’s worked with G enough times by now to know that he won’t compromise his stealth until he’s completed his own part of the mission.  Steve runs the math in his head to try to figure out how many guards are likely left on the bridge, and he hopes the number is small.  The Hydra boss waves his hand to dissuade one of the lackeys from hitting Steve again, and he crouches in front of Steve, grasping Steve’s chin in his cold fingers to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Three year jump
Stealth operatives
International vigilantes
Hurt/Comfort
Healing from trauma
Strange Magic
Memory
Bridge Jumping
AIM - Freeform
Department X
Hydra
Brooklyn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

