Work Text:
“Y/n, so glad you could make it.” Tony’s voice jolted you from your thoughts, forcing you to turn away from the amazing view the balcony gave of the city. Just in time to catch his eyes leaving your skirt and meeting your own, the way you were bent over the railing, gave him way more than just a peak and he obviously was taking advantage.“I wouldn’t miss your Halloween party for the world, and not just because you threatened a decrease in pay if we didn’t attend.” You teased, returning the favor and eyeing him up as well. He was wearing a Tigger onesie and some shades, which made you giggle at the absurdity of Tony Stark billionaire playboy philanthropist in something so ridiculous, but he still managed to pull it off quite well if you did say so yourself.“Where’s your little dwarf?” He asked referring to your boyfriend while admiring your costume choice. It was a little risqué version of snow white but that is why you chose it, hoping to get the same look you were now, even if your boyfriend did have a problem with it.“Haha, oh probably by the punch counting down the minutes to go home.” You shrugged staying where you were, up against the banister while he moved closer to you with every word.“With you in this outfit, I can hardly blame him” He smirked, tongue licking his lips. Your eyes unable to resist following, wishing you could do the same, even if his words did cause you to scoff as that was not why Bruce had wanted to leave, unfortunately.“Where’s your girlfriend tonight?” You asked ignoring the way his eyebrows rose at your scoff, not wanting to get into it further.“Unable to attend sadly, she had an emergency work trip to go to.” He commented not looking the least bit put out even if his lips were curled downward.“That explains the costume choice. She obviously wasn’t with you when you picked this look.” You tease, pulling at the top button in jest but also giving yourself the opportunity to feel his chest up.“Excuse you, I happen to think I look delectable.” He said in mock offense, the grin on his lips letting you know he was just playing along.“I’ll have to agree to disagree.” You said, eyes roaming him appreciatively in contrast to your words, for some reason he could pull it off, or maybe it was the slight bulge that happened to cause a tent in his costume that made you think he chose right. Or the fact your boyfriend was getting on your nerves and you wanted to let loose.“Well not as delectable as you, obviously.” He returned the favor, giving you a slow once over, eyes lingering on the way the top hugged your breasts.Biting your lip, you look coyly up into his eyes, “You like my costume, Mr. Stark?” Doing a little twirl to show it off and giving him another little tease of your panties, your skirt was awfully short, barely covering your ass, allowing him to see more than he should. That does tend to happen though when you buy your costume at a sex shop instead of a costume one.“I’m surprised your dwarf let you out of the house in it.” He smirked down at you, inching closer and letting his hand rest casually on your waist. Purposely refusing to use your boyfriend's name, they did not get along in the slightest and were quite the competitors, one of the reasons you pretty much had to force Bruce to come along. He never approved of you working for Tony but knew he had no say in the matter as you refused to get special privilege by working at Wayne Enterprises.“Well he might not have been given the chance to see it until we happened to arrive.” You shrugged innocently though your own smirk said otherwise.“Haha I’m sure he was thrilled.” You only grinned in response.“We aren’t actually speaking much right now. He only came because I made him.” You roll your eyes hands fidgeting with the collar of his onesie as his hand traced patterns on your skin above your skirt.“What did he do?”“Why do you think he was the one who did something?” You ask instead of replying, even though he was kind of right in his assumptions.“Well I couldn’t imagine staying mad at you, especially not in this little number.” Intention clear as his hands grazed the backside of your skirt. The thought of him throwing you up against the wall kept entering your mind, just like you had hoped your boyfriend would do tonight. Especially since it was a good time of the month to do so, but therein lied the problem. He didn’t want kids and you really did.Smiling at the compliment, you inched closer even if you were already pressed up as close as possible, your hand absentmindedly on his onesie button, finally tugging on it and watching it pop open.“I don’t know if I should say, it's an intimate problem.” You say acting as if you hadn’t done anything.“You know I don’t judge princess, plus if you need any help you know Tiggers love bouncin’.” He said wiggling his eyebrows. A smile makes its way to your lips but fades into a pout as you tell him most of the reason why Bruce and you had fought, leaving out the key factor.

“I want
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/You
Tony Stark and Y/n
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Bruce Wayne/Original Character(s)
Bruce Wayne/Reader
Bruce Wayne/You

freeform: 
NSFW GIF
NSFW
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Smut
Cheating
Infidelity
Semi-Public Sex
Party
Halloween Costumes
Halloween
halloween party
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Balcony Sex
Over railing sex
during party sex
risk of getting caught
Mentioned Bruce Wayne
Marvel Universe
Marvel and DC Crossover
Bruce is barely in this
Reader-Insert
Quickies
Disney
Disney References
Inspired by Disney
Costumes
costume sex
disney costumes
Insemination
cumming inside
Planned Pregnancy
Boss/Employee Relationship
boyfriends enemy
dating Bruce Wayne
Crack Fic
Shameless Smut
Impregnation
No Plot/Plotless
Workplace Sex
disney jokes
inappropriate disney jokes
Vaginal Fingering
risky sex
other intentions
Sexual Content
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/You
Tony Stark and Y/n
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Bruce Wayne/Original Character(s)
Bruce Wayne/Reader
Bruce Wayne/You

