Work Text:
It had been one of those nights (more common in Natasha's life post-Tony-Stark) where, if you didn't immediately remember what happened when you woke up, you had no chance of finding out. It had involved a hotel room, apparently, a deeply expensive looking suite, and the empty bottle of Taittinger that she stepped on as she struggled out of the couch gave her a good idea what she'd been drinking.Oh, wait. The almost empty bottle of vodka gave her a better idea. Well, it was the good stuff too.Some kind of furry creature had made its home in her mouth, and maybe a swarm of bees in her skull. And when she tried to press a hand to her eyes (just to dig them out of her head, so they'd stop bothering her,) she found it moved stiffly. Something to do with the painful jagged slice across the palm and the dried blood halfway up her wrist.She cursed inventively in Russian, and the sound roused the other occupant in the suite. The bedroom door opened and out stepped a dishevelled looking god of Mischief. Loki was wearing what looked like Steve's shirt (it didn't fit him), tousled hair, a cut lip, and a handful of blood to match Natasha's. "Morning," he smiled. He sounded far too morning-chipper for Natasha to believe it. She glared weakly.Loki was officially no longer considered an enemy of SHIELD, as of the incident in the Philippines four months back. Thor had been delighted, welcomed his brother back to the side of the angels with bone crushing hugs. Steve had just been relieved that he didn't have to be part of an Asgardian family feud anymore, and once the Cap decided to accept it, the rest of the team fell in line. Eventually, the only ones who were uncertain about the idea were Natasha and Loki. Then director Fury had made it official and Natasha wasn't allowed to have her doubts any more. She could still keep an eye on Loki though - she had never heard the word ex-villain before.Still, four months in and the only negative effect of their association was the fact that Thor insisted on celebrating it every chance he got. And Loki always rolled his eyes, but the not-quite hidden smile only convinced Steve that they had got it right. And Tony always knew where they could go to drink until Natasha agreed."Are the others here?" she asked blearily."No, we lost track of them after Stark decided to take the good Captain to a strip club, remember?" Oh, of course Loki would remember last night, with his goddamn Asgardian constitution. Natasha decided to hate him especially hard until her hangover faded. "I don't remember much after that, though."Oh. She could still hate him. He sniffed suspiciously at his bloodied hand. "This isn't all my blood.""You can smell-?" Natasha cricked her neck. "Of course you can smell something like that." She held up her own hand. "Maybe we match. Please try to avoid sniffing me, though. Hey!"Before she had even finished telling him not to, Loki grabbed her wrist and pulled it close enough to smell the blood on her hand. His eyes widened. "We do!" he said in something like horror. One of the few things Natasha could read on him, that I did not plan this, oh fuck look in his eye. "This is your blood!"Natasha frowned at the accusing note to that, like he thought it was her fault. She yanked her wrist back out of his hand. "Well, please, let me apologise for bleeding all over you.""That's not even the worst part, though!" Loki blinked, and Natasha could see the slightly glassy eyes that showed he wasn't as unaffected by last night as he was pretending to be. He ran his hand through his hair, and hissed as it disturbed the cut on his palm. "I bled all over you as well.""Er..." Natasha really didn't care to be bothered by crazy priority-less alien gods when her head felt the way it did. "I forgive you?"Loki let out a quiet, "Fuck." He sank down to sit on the couch Natasha had vacated. "Well, we're brothers now.""Please go away," Natasha said."Can't." Loki was starting to laugh, the bastard. "We shared blood. I'm getting flashes of memory back - we didn't leave anything out. You and I, Natasha Romanov, are blood brothers."Natasha sat on the couch next to him. "Go to hell," she said, with a little less heat than she would usually have managed. "I have too many boobs to be anyone's brother."Loki laughed aloud at that. "And you think I'm the most masculine person in Asgard? No, there's no such thing as blood sisters. You know, I was just thinking I needed a new brother. The one I've got is so terrible."The swarm of whatever they were in Natasha's skull decided to declare war on the back of her eyes, and, hey, who knew metaphorical insects were so good with pitchforks? She pressed the knuckles of both hands into her useless, treacherous eyes. "Shut up." Hardly her best banter.Loki gave her a calculating look for a second, then stood up. There was a rattling sound, then blessed, wonderful darkness fell. It took her a second to realise that the blinds were closed, and when she cracked open he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Bromance
Blood Brothers
Cultural Differences
Community: norsekink

fandom: 
None
