Chapter 1: Part One: Alpha
    




Chapter Text




banner by ozarkthedog 
And I have this dream where I'm screaming underwater

While my friends are all waving from the shore

And I don't need you to tell me what that means

I don't believe in that stuff anymore

Jesus Christ, I'm so blue all the time

And that's just how I feel

Always have and I always will

- "Funeral" by Phoebe Bridgers
  There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning. - Louis L'Amour  
Part One: Alpha
  On Independence Day 1918, the city of Paris extended a royal parade to all American troops. Spectators lined the streets, squeezed into balconies and windows to wave and cheer at the crowd walking through the French capital. Stars and stripes flew all around, the natives cheering themselves hoarse. There were less fireworks but no shortage of unity or pride.Four thousand miles away, Sarah Rogers gave birth to her first and only child. With a prick of his foot, a bubble of blood determined his status as Alpha.He was a sickly baby, only to get worse as he grew. He was small for his age, pale and fierce. He spent most of his childhood with his status useless. He would never show any signs of his Alpha instincts until after puberty. He was assumed to be an Omega by his bullies all through school. The taunts were always related to him taking a knot against his will, since he was so small and weak. When he wasn’t in bed, he was fighting in the streets, spitting blood on the ground with split lips and knuckles.No-one believed his status from his size alone. Steve didn’t look for a mate. He never went into rut. He wasn’t sure if his body could take a regular cycle, and he’d heard of Alphas being driven to insanity with their urges… he wasn’t missing something he’d never had.The physical changes of the Super Soldier serum were what it was most known for. Steve’s muscles bulging, his height increasing instantly, his speed and strength triple the average man’s… the rest weren’t shared with the public. His libido increased tenfold, and it was just as well he had Bucky as his occasional mate.As the war went on, everything had shifted into another gear. He saw the goal of fighting until the war was over, but it became harder to see the end the longer it went on. Their enemies were becoming craftier, and it always felt as if there was more at stake. Steve didn’t see himself as going back to Brooklyn, retired from the military and starting a family. He’d had that idea before he became Captain America, even when his lungs were still so fucked up along with everything else.He’d thought he’d be an Alpha is disguise, perhaps mate with Bucky for life and be happy, keep everything under wraps for as long as possible. Maybe move to Europe to be an artist where people were more open-minded to same-sex mating.It got easier to see there was no way out of the war. He wasn’t going back home. It was made clear the day Bucky fell from the train, when Steve felt as if someone had dug his heart out of his chest with a rusty knife. Though he wasn’t his mate, it was his closest friend, the person he loved most in the world. There was no home to go back to without Bucky.Careening into the ice, promising to take Peggy for a dance, a part of him was relieved that his end meant saving lives. He hadn’t had a quiet life, in the end.-When he woke in the 21st century, everything had changed beyond comprehension, even more than a historian could tell him in a TV show about what he’d missed since he was in the ice.He wished for a long time that he’d stayed trapped and asleep. His last thought was on mating, so ruts were so much worse alone in his apartment. He made friends, kept to himself, spent many nights staring out windows and trying not to think of the past.Over and over, the longing he felt was never squashed. He developed a death wish, a quiet one that got him in as much trouble as the fights he instigated before the serum. He’d break and reset bones mission after mission. He jumped out of planes without parachutes just because he could.His inner life was constantly picked at by those closest to him, and then he finally, finally stopped pushing them back when SHIELD collapsed in on itself.-Bucky defected. It was bloody and awful. Steve nearly died, which was pretty standard, but this time it was at Bucky’s hands.It took a good year until they both reached a level that was deemed Okay.He and Bucky were both on missions, both had their downtime in either the city or at the facility upstate. They were never wanting for money or food, or shelter.Steve hadn’t gone looking. He was walking through the grass in early spring, on his way to a training session with Wanda. She was trying to improve a move she and Steve had co-ordinated. Wanda was the most powerful of them but she was still sometimes clumsy. She’d improved at such a rate that Steve sensed she knew it, too, a little swagger to her fighting those days. He kept telling her it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Nesting
Explicit Sexual Content
Kidnapping
Polyamory
Alpha Steve Rogers
Beta Bucky Barnes
Omega Darcy Lewis
Omega Verse
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

