Chapter 1: Of Whens
    




Chapter Text
Harry had been drifting for a long while now, though he could never be sure of exactly how long it was. Tumbling freely through the time stream had distorted his sense of periods, of length and breadth and moments. It was rather like Apparition gone awry, he sometimes thought, but instead of wheres, he was whirled through whens, cast from one time period to another in the blink of an eye.It had been a long time, he knew, since he had stayed in any one when for more than a few days consecutively, and even longer since he had been in his own when, but it was a small price to pay for killing Voldemort in the Department of Mysteries, three days after his eighteenth birthday. That had something to do with his new ability, if he remembered correctly. The events were hazy, as though the memory was seen from a great distance of time and space, but he could recall falling backwards into a cabinet as Voldemort collapsed in a lifeless heap, could recall the sharp sting of thin glass breaking as the Ministry's collection of time-turners once again shattered under his weight.When he thought back on it, and tried to understand what had happened—not that he did that much anymore, since he had grown strangely accustomed to this odd way of living—Harry supposed that some part of the time-turners, the glass or the sand or maybe even both, had reacted with his blood or his magic or the Deathly Hallows and sent him spinning out of his own time and into another.And then another, and another, and another, until he had lost all sense of where, and the only thing that mattered was the when.It was, in all actuality, not a terrible way to live.The anger he had felt growing ever since his fifth year was gone, like a bad nightmare banished by the dawn. He was resigned to this constant tumbling, though resigned didn't quite encompass his strange feelings of relief and rightness in living untouched by time. At one time in his life, he might have fought against it, tried to find some way to undo what had been done, but his purpose had been finished. Voldemort was defeated, the majority of those who had helped him had survived, and he held all three Hallows, despite his attempt to lose them after the disastrous Battle of Hogwarts. The Hallows had chosen a master, it seemed, and wouldn't let him give them up. Fawkes had brought him the Elder Wand two weeks after the Battle, and one of the centaurs had delivered the Resurrection Stone a few days later, murmuring something about restless ghosts and Mars soon reaching its brightest point.Harry, having grown to respect such vague warnings after several years of friendship with Luna, had accepted the ring, and it now hung on a chain around his neck. There was little temptation to use it anymore. Having been cut off from his world had made the happenings of his entire former life feel oddly dreamlike, and he decided that it was better that way—far, far better than the tearing grief he had felt after the Battle, or the determined hopelessness he had felt going into the Ministry for the final encounter. Being cast out of time cut him off from all of that—not just the good, such as his friends and his people, but also from the bad, the pressure and the expectations and the set beliefs that everyone there (then) had held about him.Freefalling in such a way was far from an unpleasant sensation.This when was a very nice one, Harry thought, observing the boisterous, half-drunk crowd ebbing in and out of the bar like a tide of humanity. He was seated at one end of the bar, a drink at his elbow to keep the bartender happy, and was content to watch the other patrons in the small New Orleans bar. Several poker games were going on, and one in particular held his attention, because one of the men playing—the one who was always winning, he noted with amusement—was a mutant.It wasn't all power that was letting him win, Harry acknowledged, watching his fingers flicker over the cards and his easy smile captivate and dazzle his companions. It was partly him, too, in addition to a few handy tricks and the ability to charm the other players. He was simply good. Handsome, too, with his auburn hair and hazel eyes, and an enchanting grin that was full of equal parts devilish wickedness and boyish delight as he cleaned out his opponents with good-natured ease. Harry chuckled softly as he watched, amazed that, even after losing their entire paychecks to him, the others at the table just laughed it off and shook their heads, as though they were used to it. Maybe they were. Harry hadn't been in this when very long—a few hours at most—so he couldn't judge if this was a ritual to those involved or not.Finally, though, he dragged his eyes away from the handsome stranger and back to the rest of the bar, because his observations would be rather limited if kept to only one man. But, somehow, everyone else seemed dull and uninteresting in comparison. The big man at the door—a bouncer, Har
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Wolverine/Gambit
Harry Potter/Gambit
Harry Potter/Wolverine
Wolverine/Gambit
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Angst and Humor
Happy Ending
Time Travel
Threesome - M/M/M
Slow Build
The one where Harry falls through time
Alternate Universe - Canon
Remy's accent hates me

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Wolverine/Gambit
Harry Potter/Gambit
Harry Potter/Wolverine
Wolverine/Gambit
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

