Chapter 1



Notes:
-       First things first, title is from the song Grand Theft Autumn/Where is your Boy by Fall Out Boy.  I’ve always loved the song (which probably gives a great idea of how old I am – yes, I very much had an emo kid phase) and also kind of fits what’s going on here.-       Secondly, I owe Beccasine a big, huge thank you to  Becassine who helped me develop the idea for this one and basically acted as my sounding board throughout the process.  This wouldn’t have happened without you!    -       This one doesn’t exactly include much/any Bucky, I’m afraid – it’s more of a set up, but he’ll appear next time around for sure <3-       As always, you can find me on Tumblr  here!  I love hearing from you all and being fed prompts and asks so don’t be shy <3

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Unlike a lot of people who actually worked there, working at Stark Industries had never been a dream job for Steve Rogers. In fact, it had been something he’d been actively avoiding for some years.  Steve had done corporate law for years.  He knew how it worked, knew the hours, and knew that whilst it made money, it wasn’t something he could really get passionate about seeing as it benefitted the few, not the many. Then again, a man needed money to survive.  And following a few years of having done self-funded charity work and cases, Steve was more than aware of his own nest egg dwindling.  He’d made a few tentative enquiries, touching base with old colleagues and keeping an eye on job boards and the like, but before he’d really had a chance to explore what was out there, he’d received a call from Tony Stark himself. Tony, who he’d been lucky enough to meet during his college days and had kept in touch with despite the fact that his very personality made Steve want to strangle him some days. “Look, I know this isn’t going to be a job you take with a huge shelf life, Steve.  I know that.  But I’m in a bit of a bind here, and whilst you’re back State-side you need some work, right?  So I figure we can go for the good old mutual back scratch out of the situation, if you catch my drift.”  Tony had said down the phone, apparently having decided to call Steve himself.“I don’t know, Tony, I came out of corporate law for a reason.”  he said hesitantly.  “Besides, you’ve just said the job you actually have is for a head of legal.  That’s definitely not something I’ve done before, I don’t exactly have relevant experience.”  He sipped  at the bottle of beer he had in his hand, thankful that.Tony had decided this was worth an evening call, which gave Steve all the excuses he needed to be having a drink at the same time as taking it.Tony sighed down the line.  “I know you haven’t.  But saying you’d be the Head of my legal department makes it sound way bigger than it is – it’s like, five guys.  The thing is, Steve, I know you and I trust you and besides that, you cut a pretty imposing figure and they’ll listen to you, experience or not.  If I didn’t think you were up to this, I wouldn’t offer you.”  His tone was uncannily as if he was explaining something to someone with an IQ far lower than his own though Steve tried not to take it to heart, that was just Tony’s default.“It’s still a department head job, Tony.”  Steve replied patiently. “Yeah, and I’m still without a department head.  Listen, the guys who work in there are good guys and all.  They are.  But none of them are ready for that side of things, whereas you are.  You can do what I need.  I’d be more than happy with you representing Stark Industries at functions, and I know you can keep other people in line.”  He paused for a moment.  “And besides that, the guy I had lined up has pulled out less than a week from his start date, which is annoyingly exactly in line with when my current head leaves.  Would you really leave me with a legal department without a captain?”  he asked, his tone clearly wheedling and Steve sighed.“I just don’t think I’m right for it.”  he replied, even though he had no doubts that he could do the actual legal work – contract law was something he knew like the back of his hand, after all.“Steve, I’m gonna level with you, if I didn’t think you could, I wouldn’t be offering the package that I’ve already had HR email you.  And before you get on your high horse, I’m not being presumptuous, I’m just trying to persuade.”  The word made Steve breathe out through his nose sharply.  “Just have a look, think over the weekend and give me a call or respond to my email on Monday morning, okay?”  “Alright, Tony, I’ll take a look.”  Steve promised, having every intention of doing just that before turning the job down. “That’s all I can ask.  Well, alright, it’s not but even I can sense this is all I’m going to get for now.  See ya soon.”  He said, before disconnecting the call.Steve sighed, draining the last of the beer from his bottle before deciding he’d just have a little look.  Stark Industries’ pa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
alternative universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Brock Rumlow is an asshole
Hurt/Comfort
Abusive Relationships
Accidental Bonding
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Adultery
Cheating
Gaslighting
Verbal Abuse
Verbal Humiliation
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Slick squirting
Oral Sex
Rimming

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

