Work Text:
“No no no,” Tony slurs, poking at Steve, “this is going to be awesome.” “Yeah,” Clint agreed, nodding his head enthusiastically, “awesome.” Steve raised his eyebrow at the group standing (swaying, sitting, whatever) in front of him. Tony and Clint were successfully keeping each other propped up, while a clearly intoxicated Sam looked both thrilled and terrified as he acted as a post for Natasha to lean against. Thor was grinning as wide as he always did, the only sign that he might be less than sober being a slight glaze to his eyes, which Steve suspected had more to do with the Asgardian mead the god had brought with him than the vodka that the rest of the group had been imbibing with abandon. Next to Thor, Jane and Darcy were whispering and giggling to each other, apparently oblivious to the begging Steve was being subjected to. Bruce had (smartly, Steve now thought with hindsight), disappeared several hours ago, and was thus not being faced with the combined force of the majority of the Avengers’ drunken puppy eyes. He glanced at Pepper, hoping for support from the woman who was normally the level-headed balance to Tony’s enthusiastic… Tony-ness, but was disappointed when she simply grinned at him, before hiccuping and looking slightly surprised at herself. He remembered then that she had been attempting to keep pace with Natasha earlier, and gave up on any help from her. “Fine,” he finally sighed, waving his hand, “lets go.” Clint let out a loud whoop, punching the air with his fists. “MOM SAID YES!” he bellowed, jumping up and down and slapping at Tony’s shoulder with both hands, who grinned at him. “TO THE BATMOBILE.” Tony replied, matching Clint’s volume and enthusiasm as he lead the team to the elevator, Steve pulling out his phone and discretely making sure a driver would be waiting for them in the Tower’s garage. He had enough on his hands wrangling drunk superheros without having to worry about being their driver as well. ------The drive to the club went relatively smoothly, including the stop at an ATM that Clint insisted upon after Natasha point-blank refused to give in to his request to ‘led a brother a couple grand’. Steve tried to see how much money everyone else was taking out, but wasn’t able to, and didn’t want to deal with the slew of grandpa jokes that would definitely follow if he asked how much was appropriate or necessary so, after staring at his balance for several seconds in a slight panic, Steve ultimately decided to withdraw the maximum amount and just hope for the best. After a couple moments in which they couldn’t find Thor before locating him doing his best to buy every hot dog in a poor vendor’s cart (and several more moments in which the rest of the group insisted that the get a hot dog as well, and Steve grudgingly bought himself ten), they were again on their way. ------The club they pulled up to has a reputation for being discreet (as Tony had reassured him several times on the drive over, complete with exaggerated leering winks) so Steve wasn’t as concerned as he might normally be as he watched the bedraggled and heavily intoxicated team of superheros drag themselves from the town car and into the door of the club. He might not trust Tony’s judgement on a lot of stuff but (Lord help him) he believed him when the man told him very seriously that Lace was the best strip club in the city. Once inside, Steve watched Tony airily ask the woman to put it on his tab, and watched as she nodded, and asked him if he would like the VIP room as usual, sir. He wasn’t sure he would ever get used to how much money Tony had; he barely understood how much money he had himself. In the room, the woman informed them that their entertainment would be arriving shortly, unless there were any special requests?“VODKA!” yelled Natasha, the others whooping their agreement. The woman shot them a polite professional smile, giving a more genuine smile when she caught Steve’s apologetic look. “Of course,” she replied, turning and leaving the room. Fitted with plush leather seats and low tables, the centerpiece of the room was a low stage with a single pole. The room was lit by recessed pink and blue neon lighting, and was, Steve thought as he looked around, about as far as you could get from the dingy clubs in Pigalle Place he had visited with the Commandos while in Paris. It was called Pig Alley then by the visiting soldiers, which Steve had always thought was rather rude and judgemental coming from the men who made it such a popular area. He had seen enough of the 21st century to know, though, that the men who visited such establishments still somehow thought they had the right to look down upon the people who worked there, and was suddenly uncomfortable, worried that he might find out some unpleasant truths about his fellow team members tonight. Still, he couldn’t bring himself to leave them in their intoxicated state (even with a voice in his head that sounded suspiciously like Clint’s ca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Drunkenness
Drunken Shenanigans
Strippers & Strip Clubs
Drunk Avengers
Labor Rights
Steve is a sweetie
Drinking
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Inflation is confusing for everyone

fandom: 
None
