Chapter 1: It was supposed to be a day off
    




Chapter Text
Stephen was having an okay day.He had woken up with less pain than usual in his hands, and he had managed to make Wong laugh twice already. Everything was going pretty well, all things considered, which was  of course why a familiar looking man had crash landed on top of the New York Sanctum and was rambling about someone called ‘Thanos’ who was ‘coming’.Thankfully his medical instincts kicked back in as he watched the half naked man shake in the hole in the floor he had made in their Sanctum, and he was immediately moving.“Cloak, get him up here. Wong-”“On it,” said the other sorcerer, using magic to move them away from the stairs.“Hello, I am Doctor Stephen Strange, Sorcerer Supreme an-” started Stephen, moving the man towards a couch with the help of the Cloak. The man looked pained and scared but he frowned for a second when he saw Stephen, looking at him properly. “Doctor Stran- I know you. Or... I knew  of you.”The sorcerer forced himself not to roll his eyes or drop him at that. It had been more than a year since his accident, but it was still annoying to have it spoken about. “Yeah, I was the doctor who lost-”“You’re Tony’s ex boyfriend,” said the man, and Stephen actually froze.Fuck, it had been. It had been a very long time since someone had referred to him as ‘Tony Stark’s ex’. It had been a long time since he and Tony  were dating each other, how could this random man know?At his expression - which must have been surprised? - the man gave him a wobbly smile. “I’m Dr Bruce Banner. The Hulk.”Oh. That made a little more sense. And a little less, since, last he knew, the man had disappeared/died during the Ultron debacle. “One of the Avengers,” he finished, finally shaking himself out of his stupor and pulling him towards the couch again.“Your clothes,” said Wong, reappearing a few moments later with a glass of water in his hands. “And then you can tell us why and how exactly you crash landed in our Sanctum with the Bifrost.”The pained expression on Dr Banner returned, but he didn’t say anything for a second, accepting what Wong was offering. Stephen would have liked to say that he was fully professional and understanding of what danger Banner must be speaking of, but the moment the scientist was dressed, Stephen’s eyes were drawn on the blazer shirt combination he was wearing.He was honestly not one for tabloid gossip or someone who cared about the Avengers (shut up Wong, his interest in the Stark-Rogers divorce was purely scientific), but he would hazard to guess that only one of them would walk around wearing that particular outfit combination.“Why are you wearing Tony’s clothes?” escaped his mouth before he could even think about it.“Tony?” asked Wong with a frown, while Banner blinked at him in surprise.“Oh, it was the only thing left in the Quinjet when I-” he stopped himself and shook his head. “Thanos. Thanos is a mad man, a Titan, who is hunting for the Infinity Stones. He wants to create ‘balance’ in the Universe, and to do that, he wants to find all of them and then he will snap his fingers and half of the population in the entire Universe will disappear.” He finished that with a grim look and then drank from his glass.Stephen tried to exchange a glance with Wong, but the man was still squinting at him in suspicion. “Well, that’s horrifying,” he tried, but Wong wasn’t willing to play ball.“Tony?” he repeated, arms crossed.“He just told you about a possible 'End of the World' situation involving the Eye of Agamotto and that’s what you’re worried about?!” demanded the taller sorcerer, trying hard not to blush under his assessing gaze.It didn’t work, and a look of realisation came over Wong's face. “Stark?! Tony  Stark?  You  dated  Tony Stark?!” and then he burst into laughter.Stephen crossed his arms, a little offended. “No need to sound so surprised. It was a long time ago.”“They broke up in 2010,” informed them Banner, earning a scowl from Strange. He quickly picked up his glass of water again. “Just saying,”Wong was still trying to stifle his giggling. “Okay, okay. Moving aside from the fact that somehow Strange managed to land  Tony Stark,”“Hey!”“And back to the end of the world coming up.” Well that sobered everyone pretty quickly. “What do we do?”Banner finally put down his glass, and Stephen had a sudden bad feeling about this. “We need to call the Avengers.”Oh no.“We need to call Tony Stark.”Fuck his life. All he wanted was a sandwich from the deli.Wong, the asshole, started laughing again.Tony had just finished a couple of laps with Pepper when an orange portal suddenly opened in the middle of Central Park.Because his life had been going a little too well lately and the Universe must have decided that that could not stand.“Tony Stark,” said a chubby man dressed in monk clothing as he stepped through said portal. “My name is Wong. I need you to come with me.”Tony blinked at him for a couple of seconds, making sure Pepp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
Past Tony Stark/Stephen Strange - Relationship

freeform: 
Crack Treated Seriously
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Getting Back Together
Nebula & Tony Stark Friendship
Light Angst
fuck infinity war
I made it better
Battle of Wakanda (Avengers: Infinity War)
Battle of Titan (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Tony is a sexy single mother
steve and the depression beard
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
jealousy? more likely than you think
Kissing
Sweet Vision (Marvel)
NO WANDAVISION ALLOWED!!!
Civil War Team Iron Man
Petty Tony Stark
Carol Danvers & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark is Vision's Father
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
Past Tony Stark/Stephen Strange - Relationship

