Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Peter fucked up.He knew this, with undeniable clarity, as he smashed through the fifty-second story window. Having an extra sense here and there did him no favors as the world slowed down as watched the window slowly crack under the impact of his feet.


 Huh. Must be an old building that had just slid under safety regulations.


Glass shattered around him and a whump left his throat as he landed on what might have once been a sleek conference table. The resulting splatter of blood from the impact of Peter's many cuts hitting the hard surface made the table understandably less apealing. "Urgh," Peter groaned as his brain got past the adrenaline of the moment. 


"Can't I have one good day?" He muttered to himself as he rolled onto his back and starfished across the nice, steady table.


He freezed as a number of creaking noises filled the room.  A crack echoed around the office as the table split down the middle, buckling under the weight of Peter's body and the stress of high impact. The red and blue body jolted as it hit the ground, feeling both halves of the table wedged on either side of a shredded torso. He lowered the leg that had ended up braced straight up against one of the table halves and sighed, wondering how long he could lie there and wollow in self-pity. Whoever thought white carpet was a good idea for this particular office was in for a rude awakening when they get into work tomorrow. Peter, while being an arguably good person, was not gonna come back here and clean his own blood off of the stupidly designed white carpet at 3am in the morning, again. This was to be the 23rd time - surely they could just get new carpet. In a different colour. How expensive could it be? Maybe he would google it later.You'd think the citizens of New York would learn from the endless property damage experienced on a weekly basis to choose sturdy and practical designs of the less expensive variety. It wasn't even caused by spiderman like 50% of the time. There be monsters here - New York seemed to attract them like no other place on earth."Urgh," Peter groaned again as he threw an arm over his eyes and tried not to think about his most recent shitty life choices. The table did not make a good snuggle buddy. He had empathy for the table, since it was broken, but it was sharp and pokey and making an unstable groaning noise. A smart decision would be to get out of the table and pretend this never happened. Perhaps awkwardly avoid eye contact should they ever meet in an elevator. Change directions if he ever saw it at the mall.  Right... now. Now. Now. And Now. "Gerroff me," Peter mumbled, making no real effort to move.The table responded by continuing to squash him into an uncomfortable triangle. Its splinter teeth nibble on the revealed skin on his sides. He must have ripped his suit upon entry. Who was he kidding, he had ripped everything upon entry, including numerous amounts of skin.It would be so great to pass out right now. Super healing sucks. Well, no, it didn't suck, but he never gets to pass out properly anymore. He was lying between two halves of splintered wood, his head hurt and he was bleeding from somewhere. Probably multiple somewheres. Really, could his day get any better? Should he stop the crawly feeling of blood filling the crevice beneath him? Probably. But it was like trying to find the motivation to go running at 5am in the morning. It was just not gonna happen. Obviously his entrance through the window had been anything but smooth. His body was certainly a testament to that, and not particularly pleased with him. But while his healing was making short work of the smaller cuts, a certain gaping wound under his ribs was being somewhat more stubborn. Also, bruising. Not fun.A quick inventory (invovling a fumbling hand briefly patting himself down) tells Peter that a shard of glass the size of his hand had just missed his lower rib on the left hand side. On the plus side, it hadn’t shattered and pushed itself further into his body. He could probably pull it out if he could get vertical. On the down side, spandex was proving to be a pretty poor means of protection against anything, really, including glass shards, and his spidey suit was shredded. Well, mostly shredded. He was still un-naked (heh, un-naked), but bits of skin and blood peeked through the suit from pretty much every angle.Peter picked at the cut that had split the spider on his chest and huffed in exasperation. He hated sewing. Aunt May always asked him why she couldn’t fix whatever he needed fixing, so he had to pilfer the house while she was at work. He just couldn’t argue with the woman - somehow, he always lost. Probably had something to do with the fact that he was always wrong.Peter turned his attention to the shard once again, gauging how much blood he would lose should he choose to pull it out. When he pulls it out. Basic first aid said that this was a no go. Peter knows that pulling 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Peter Parker & Clint Barton
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
angsty
Peter is young
Family Feels
author shall figure their shit out eventually
Violence
because they're superheroes duh
Humor
Drama Llama
set after the events of TASM2
where even is Phil
Kidnapping
emphasis on the kid
bad guys are mean
Oh look
Prison
mysterious man in black and red leotard
bit of torture
that sounds terrible
it's brief i promise
snuggles heal all pains
most pain
some pain?
Peter basically has to deal with everyone wanting to cuddle him

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Peter Parker & Clint Barton
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

