Work Text:
Before he presented, Tadashi had always believed that he would be a beta.Certainly, his eldest, most conservative relatives believed this by his consistency, his tendency towards logic. He fit the exact portrait of the beta stereotype: non-aggressive but assertive, highly intelligent, less physically prominent, and wise beyond his years. In their eyes, he was not domineering and aggressive as an alpha, nor sweet and loving as an omega, and certainly not as charismatic as a delta. And while their perceptions on what social ranks truly meant were certainly flawed, Tadashi himself had been quite aware of the actual biology of the matter and how well he fit into such stereotypes.To him, it was clear in the lack of physiological hints that would occur in other ranks. He'd watched as one by one, his peers showed clear tendencies to shadow biological attributes and statistical trends  of each of their unique ranks: Caitlin had not presented until she was in her late twenties, as most alphas did; physically smaller and weaker than all the rest of his peers, John had presented as an omega at twelve and found his soulmate at sixteen; and Alex, like most deltas, was asexual. Gogo, the same age as Tadashi, had yet to present and felt no stirrings of it, and was most likely to present as an alpha, while Honey and Wasabi had already presented as betas in the past year, and Fred had presented as a delta long before he became friends with anyone in the Nerd Lab.To Tadashi, it seemed the only possible answer. At twenty-one, around the common age for betas to present, he hadn't presented yet but could feel the stirrings of it in his gut, and like the majority of betas, he was queer (multisexual, to be exact). He was too broad and tall to present as an omega but was smaller than the average delta, and he'd certainly never felt any response to the scent of an omega in heat.So, upon waking on the eve of his twenty-second birthday, he was startled and disturbed to find the head of his suddenly-much-larger cock swollen and leaking copious amounts of semen all over his sheets.Of course, Aunt Cass had thrown him a party (“You should be excited, it's your first step into true maturity!”) and Hiro had teased him about his incorrect predictions (“Your nerd skills failed you yet again, nii-chan!”), but his friends had shared his surprise, agreeing that his presentation as an alpha was certainly unexpected.“I was certain you'd be a beta,” Honey had told him cheerfully. “You'd seemed so sure of it yourself!”“I thought you'd be a delta before I knew you weren't asexual,” Wasabi had admitted.“You're small for an alpha,” Gogo informed him, and Fred had snickered in agreement.Certainly, Tadashi cannot quite find that his status as an alpha has changed much in his life. Of course, he is more than aware now of new limitations, such as how to avoid going into a rut at the scent of a heat and what detergent is most effective to wash his sheets in. He still works at the café part-time, attends all his classes, wears mostly the same clothes, and still coddles Hiro whenever possible (not that he'd admit that to his ototo, of course.) He still works for hours in his lab perfecting Baymax, and spends his Friday nights waiting tables at the cafe and playing Ghibli movies on all the café televisions.As much as Tadashi is satisfied with his rank, however, he can’t help but wish he'd presented as something different. To bond meant to connect two souls together, was a mark of the strongest relationship one could have, be it out of romantic love or one of deep friendship, although certainly friendship bonds were far easier form and much less complicated. As a beta, or even a delta or omega, he could have bonded romantically with a number of others, had a better chance at looking for someone to spend his life with. As an alpha, however, he could bond platonically, but only once romantically, and if it broke, he would not receive a second chance.There was only one person Tadashi wanted to spend his life with like that, and that was Hiro.It wasn't unheard of for blood relatives to bond—it happened on rare accidents, typically as platonic bonds, and while romantic bonds weren't exactly smiled upon, no one tried to break the bond as long as the two were consenting adults. But Hiro was his brother, his ototo who didn't hear Tadashi whisper his name as he stroked himself, thought nothing of all the lingering touches, didn't want his brother the way Tadashi did, and Tadashi knows that Hiro would never want the kind of bond that he ached so deeply for.It's not until Hiro presents as an omega that everything changes.
Hiro stares down at his plate, lower lip jutting out in a pout. It's hot wings, he tells himself. Aunt Cass' hot wings. You  love  these. He pokes at one with a finger, but he can't bring himself to pick it up, let alone eat it.“Hiro? Are you all right?”The boy looks up from his dinner plate, still frowning, and meets Tadashi's worried gaze. “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

freeform: 
Omega Verse
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Bonding
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Prostate Massage
Anal Sex
Knotting
Biting
Omega Hiro
Alpha Tadashi
Fluff and Smut
Idiots in Love
Multiple Orgasms
Marathon Sex
Self-Lubrication
Dubious Consent
Unhealthy Relationships
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

