Chapter 1: PROLOGUE
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

 1999, Bern, Switzerland, New Years Eve Party 
 There was a lot of that evening - that night - that Tony didn’t fully remember. He had gotten drunk sometime around his celebration of New Years in Australia, and by the time he decided to crash the technical conference in Bern he was full on wasted.He couldn’t fully recall  why he had thought Bern, Switzerland was a better idea than Barcelona, Spain or Milano, Italy, but the moment he had appeared at the conference he had been begged to give a lecture on something, even though he was barely standing straight.Fine, he might be overestimating his drunkenness a little bit, but he had sincerely hoped that seeing him a step away from keeling on the ground would dissuade anyone from trying to talk to him.Even the hottie Maya Hansen was trying to talk to him about something she was working on. “... which would quite possibly help at a cellular level...” she was saying and Tony stopped her with a huge smile.“All right. I’m getting a drink? Do you want a drink? You need a drink,” he decided, walking away from her as quickly as he could without making people think he was somehow sober than he looked.To be honest, Maya’s work was fascinating. But it was the eve of the new Millennium! Surely she didn’t want to waste it talking about possible cell regeneration?He finally arrived at the bar, leaning over the counter and giving the bartender a patented Tony Stark smile. “Bartender! Can I have...” he started, then paused. Uh. He had totally forgotten to ask Maya what she wanted. He eyed the people standing around him and that was when he saw him.Despite what he acted like, Tony was very good at faces. Names might escape him every now and then, but like Happy, he didn’t often forget a face.Which was why his curiosity was immediately piqued when he saw the young man sitting a little secluded from everyone else, giving the drink in his hand an almost reproachful look, like it had betrayed him.He had medium to long raven hair, and when Tony moved to sit next to him, he looked up with the most breath taking green eyes ever, squinted in suspicion as they might be.“Bartender,” he repeated, his attention fully on the guy now. “A rum Martinez for me and another of whatever the pretty gentleman here is having-”“No thanks,” said the man, looking at the drink in his hand with disdain. “It’s foul.”“Foul?” asked Tony, suppressing a smile from his face. “How so?”“Not sweet enough. Not enough alcohol. Not enough anything,” he informed Tony, with a shrug.“Then why did you order it?” questioned Tony, finally sitting down next to him.The man looked at Tony sitting down next to him with a small frown, then pointed at one of the menus. “I liked the picture.”Aw, he was adorable. “You’re not from these parts then, I assume?”There was a little smile on the man’s face now. “You could say that.”“Oh, mystery,” said Tony, clapping his hands a little. “I like it. Let’s see if I can guess what you would like. You said that the Sweet Seacrest Blue wasn’t ‘enough’ right?”“Correct.”Tony peered at the offers in front of them for a second before smirking once more. “A Pink Raspberry Cosmo for my new friend...” His eyes dropped on the card taped to his shirt. “Loki.”“Yes,” he said, looking at Tony’s card with a small frown. “And I apologize, but I do not know who you are.”Even the bartender stopped shaking his drink for a second, looking at Loki in surprise. Tony would have called bull, but Loki truly did not seem like he was from around here and the question in his voice sounded genuine.He gave him a lopsided smirk. “You might be the only person in this joint who doesn’t. I’m Tony. Tony Stark.”There was no flicker of recognition in Loki’s eyes and Tony had to admit, it stung that there was any part of the world where his name didn’t immediately  mean something. “Wow, Loki, you’re wounding my pride here. How did you get into a technical conference without knowing anything about me?”Loki scrunched up his nose. “I did not mean to cause offense,” he said and  who talked like that? “Where I come from... there is not much interest in matters such as technological or technical advancement. I am fascinated by different... degrees of knowledge, and upon learning of this gathering, I couldn’t resist inviting myself.”“Where you come from... Like Norway?” asked Tony, curious. He was pretty sure he had a base in Norway but that was the crap Obie paid attention to, not him.Another small smile appeared on Loki’s lips. “Not exactly. I do come from North, but I live in a rather secretive kingdom. It’s extremely isolated and not everyone can go in or leave as they wish.”Was he pulling Tony’s leg? “Like Wakanda?”Loki blinked at him. “I do not know who that is.”Tony did laugh at that, just in time for both their drinks to be delivered. “Oh, you’re cute.” He watched Loki eye his drink with interest and caution and cli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Shapeshifter Loki (Marvel)
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pre-Canon
Civil War Team Iron Man
Canonical Character Death
Temporary Amnesia
Mind Control
Implied/Referenced Torture
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
Canon Rewrite
Secret Relationship
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Domestic Fluff
Female Loki (Marvel)
Slow Burn
Miscommunication
Fantastic Racism
Idunn & Loki
not SHIELD friendly
Thor is Not Stupid (Marvel)
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Kid Fic
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Loki (Marvel)
Frigga Lives (Marvel)
Odin's Bad Parenting (Marvel)
Reunions
Fluff and Angst
Avengers Critical
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Ben Parker Dies
Peggy Carter is Tony Stark's Godparent
Pro-Sokovia Accords
Hela Is Loki's Mother

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

