Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“Please?  You won’t even have to pay rent, I swear!”

Darcy Lewis’ voice chirps hopefully through the speaker of the phone pressed between your shoulder and ear while you make tea in your small studio apartment.  There are papers on the counter and the trash needs to be taken out, and you just can’t get yourself motivated to do it.  You sigh and stir the tea once, the spoon clanking on the side of the mug.  Once you set it down, you carry your steaming mug to your beat up couch and settle in, holding the phone with your hand once more.

“I dunno, Darce, you live with-”

There’s shouting in the background, a deep voice rumbling words you can’t make out followed by the sound of something being thrown.

“Hey, I’m on the phone!  Do you mind?” Darcy snaps, and you can make out an apology from who you can only imagine is Thor before Darcy turns her attention back to you.  “Jesus, sorry about that,” she says.  “The guys have been getting on each other’s nerves really badly this week.”

Darcy and you go way back.  You had been dorm mates when you were both in school, her as a ploy sci major, you as an art student.  She had quickly become your best friend and the two of you did all sorts of stuff together - coffee breaks, homework session at the library, you helped her study for her tests and she critiqued your paintings.  Things had changed a bit when you had to drop out of school to take care of your ill mother; Darcy had gone on to graduate and work with the renown Jane Foster.  

You would have thought that would have caused you to go your separate ways, but you were completely wrong.  Through it all, you and Darcy stayed in touch.  You heard all about living with Jane and Selvig, about Thor coming to Earth, her take on the battle in London that had covered the news.  When Loki (reformed and redeemed - or so Tony Stark had announced before the topic had been dropped and life returned to normal), and Thor had moved in with her and Jane for what seemed to be the foreseeable future, she had made sure to fill you in on that too.

Your own life felt very plain compared to hers.  Living in a small town, working at a diner to scrape rent while tending to your mother while you watched her fade was a far cry from working with a genius and demi gods.  But Darcy had never made you feel once like you were boring or beneath her, and maybe that’s part of why you still like her.  She’s golden, through and through, even if she is loud and crass and over enthusiastic at times.  It just seems to compliment your more reserved nature, if you’re being honest.  And every time you’ve needed a shoulder, she’s always been there.

Things are changing now though.  With your mother gone, you have to admit there really is no reason for you to stay here.  Darcy has been trying for a while now to get you to move in with her and Jane and the two gods under the claim that the house is too big for all of them but really you know it’s because she’s worried about you.  Which brings you back to your phone call.

“Darce,” you say with a groan.  “I seriously doubt I would fit in.”

“I know you’re down on your luck,” Darcy says after a pause.  Her voice is gentle, something not super common for the outspoken woman she is.  “I know things are hard.  Please.  At least consider it.  If you move in with us, you can get a job if you absolutely want to, but you won’t have to.  SHIELD takes good care of us.  And you could go back to art school.  No one here is going to judge you.”

You chew your lip.  You want to go back to art school, you really do, but it seems so daunting.  You’re older now; there’s a chance you’d be one of the oldest in the classes.  And it’s so expensive - you don’t have that kind of money and scholarships are hard to get.  But maybe she’s right.  Maybe this is a gift horse you need to not look in the mouth.  You’re so remarkably plain compared to gods and geniuses - you’re just you, and you know that, and while that’s never seemed to really matter before, you find yourself wondering how you would even fit in with all the smarts and powers in the house.  

Darcy seems to be doing just fine, a quiet voice in your mind reminds you.  And she’s not a genius.

But Darcy is smart, you argue back with yourself.  She knows her stuff, she knows how to negotiate and how to convince people, and she knows who she is.  You’re still trying to figure that out after all these years; a side effect of giving so much of your life to your family, you suppose.  Not that you regret it.  Seeing your mother before she passed a few months ago was hard but knowing you were able to help her suffering even a little made it worth it.

This is a one of a kind opportunity.  The thought of being around gods is intimidating, for sure, especially Loki who you really don’t know much about.  Sure, you saw the pictures from the Battle of New York and the damage that he had wrecked.  But he always looked ill in the pictures the news plastered acr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Fluff Fic
a little cheese
Loki is fun to write
Female Reader
Reader Insert
Eventual Smut
Darcy is your bff for life

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

