Work Text:
Steve was pretty sure that living with a bad tattoo was one of those things that people who’d been in the army just had to deal with. The pin-up girl over his heart with her red lips and pin curled hair was a pen and ink job – a terrible pen and ink job – done for a packet of smokes and a bar of Hershey’s chocolate sent from home. He’d been lucky that he’d managed to escape infection – although looking at her blobby legs and stumpy arms, it might have actually improved the thing.“Seriously, dude,” Sam had laughed, when Steve lifted up his shirt to dab at his sweating face after their run. “What the hell is that?”Steve just shrugged. “Uh, bad tattoo from back when.” He said, “Guy told me he could copy a drawing of a pin-up girl I’d drawn – didn’t quite work out.”“You don’t say?” Sam snorted, trying to catch another look, but Steve pulled down his shirt and grinned.“You’re obviously not pushing yourself as hard as you can if you can still talk.” He said, grinning. “Let’s give it another couple of laps.”Clint, who’d collapsed on the grass and had not moved, let out a low moan. “Awww man, no.” He groaned. “Come on, Cap, I’m too young to die.”“Barton, you’re the one who wanted to ‘get fitter’.” Steve pointed out. “To keep up with the smoking hot sex bomb that may or may not exist.”“She exists.” He said, getting to his feet – despite his protests about his level of fitness Steve actually knew Clint Barton was in great shape. Out of them all, it was probably Steve who needed the work-out – his body was still in okay shape, but spending almost 2 months in a coma and another 4 getting used to solid foods and adjusting to civilian life after so long in the army had left him pretty weak. “She totally exists.”“How come you’re not introducing us then?” Sam asked, as they fell into a steady jog, warming back up again. Steve always wanted to skip the warm up – go right into the run, but he knew that he just wouldn’t be able to keep it up – but Sam and Clint kept him right.Clint snorted. “Yeah right.” He managed, “To you two? Oh hey, Natasha, meet Sam, the nicest warmest guy on the planet, and Steve, the heart of gold and the body of a Greek god. I’m not an idiot, I already know I’m hitting above my weight with this woman – I’m not gonna sabotage it.”“I’m sure that’s not true.” Steve said, but Clint snorted again.“Dude, she’s amazing: Kick ass and hard-core and weirdly squishy sometimes.” He paused. “She’s got these throwing knives, and the metal changes colour when the light hits it. You know what she does with them?” He asked, not waiting for them to guess. “She uses them as bookmarks. She knits. She boxes. She might just be the perfect woman.” Both Sam and Steve smiled indulgently at him when he sighed. “Not that you two would know anything about perfect women.”“Hey!” Steve said, faking hurt. “I date women.”“Yeah, Steve, I’m pretty sure that the last time you went on a date was like, 1940, and I’m also pretty sure that your last hook-up was with a dude – and Sam’s married to a dude.”“So why aren’t we meeting this woman?” Sam pointed out, as they picked up the pace a little. Steve didn’t miss the little side look that he received from both of his friends, checking to make sure he wasn’t pushing himself too hard. He resisted the urge to tell them he was 240lbs and 6 foot 2, but managed not to let it needle him.“Because.” Clint said, “I want to make sure I do it right. I really like her.”Neither Sam or Steve could tease him about that though, so they grinned and let the subject drop.
 Steve Rogers had been a small, sickly kid, who grew up – and up – and didn’t stop until he was the tallest guy in school. He played sports and loved art and hated bullies. It made sense to him that the army was the way to go, even though he knew he could have gotten into good schools on his grades (and better schools on his football stats) but he wanted to serve his country in the best way he could.For nearly 10 years he performed and outperformed – raising all the way up to Captain before being involved in an almost fatal carrier crash – shot down over the frozen Russian countryside by rebels. The plane had crashed into a lake rather than the frozen ground, and when they found him they were pretty sure he’d never wake up. In the end, it was the cold water that actually saved him, slowing his heart rate right down. But 2 months in a coma left its mark. After his run he was exhausted, and although he tried to hide it from Sam and Clint, he was pretty sure that once they left him drinking his juiced drink (he’d been supplementing his diet with juiced fruits and veg to give him a boost) that they both knew he’d be collapsing on the couch for a few hours. Sam didn’t look too far off that either though, so Steve tried not to get frustrated that he wasn’t back to his fighting form just yet.He did manage to get into the shower first though, running on adrenaline and stubbornness, before landing face first onto his mattress and falling asle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Riley/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Tattooed Bucky
Punk Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Tattoo Parlor
Meet-Cute
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Artist Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Riley/Sam Wilson

