Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Prologue
 
“What? Where am I?” Izuku first thought when he was teleported to a different place, looking around him he can see a lot of faces that he recognised, and round him, a big dark purple room with chairs and sofas and… a food stand?
The first action he makes was approaching the people he knew, everyone in Class 1-A is here, Uraraka, Bakugo, Asui, Sero, Mina, Mineta, just to name a few, “guys, what’s going on?” Izuku first spoke, but much to his surprise, his classmates had the same reaction, “I don’t know, one minute we were learning, now we’re here.”
“Young Midoriya” Izuku turned to find All Might, who is in his skeleton form, approaching Izuku “are you okay?” “yeah,” the Hero-in-training replied, “but where are we?”
All Might also have the same confusion, he doesn’t know where he is, Izuku resume looking at who was here, everyone on the first year hero course is present, both 1-A and 1-B, as well as all the teachers, Present Mic, Midnight, Eraserhead, just to name a few, there were also a couple of students from other courses, such as Mei from the support course and Shinso from the general educations, the big three were also here and in a much bigger surprise, Eri was also there as well.
But it wasn’t just them.
“You got to be kidding me!”
Everyone turns to find that the League of Villains were also present, Shigaraki, Dabi, Toga, Kurogiri, Spinner and Mr Compress.
“Villains!” one of the UA students shouted as they prepare themselves for a fight, the villains did the same, just as they were about to jump, their bodies froze in place, everyone was very surprised to see what happened to them, but the question is who’s doing this.
“Wow, now that is an introduction!” in all a sudden, a small figure in black appeared in front of them, they wore a black hoodie and blue jeans with stylish pink shoes, “well it’s always human nature for the heroes to beat the waste out of bad guys am I right”, the figure turns to show off their hidden face, due to their hood covering the eyes, it wasn’t clear what they look like, but they can see their mouth and some sort of ink running down their face.
“Who are you? Where are we? Why did you bring us here?” the former symbol of peace was the first to ask questions, only to find a grin on the figure’s face, they walk up to the hero’s still body and look directly at him, “my name is the Eth Double You Em, but you can call me FWM for short.”
The FWM then turns around and walk away, only to stand in the middle between the heroes of UA and the League of Villains.
“I have silenced your quirks in this whole place, so your powers don’t work here, I also removed all lethal weapons from yourselves, if you attack anyone, you will be punished, now we know the rules will you comply.”
Everyone was silenced, the figured seems to be a girl, a young girl to note, she was very confident and without care.
“I said, will you comply or should we make you stand still the entire time?”
“If you answer our questions, then yes,” All Might said
“Good, what about you villains, will you comply?”
“No, we will not-“
“Shigaraki,” the purple shadow like villain interrupted the leader “I suggest we comply, we don’t know how powerful she is.”
Shigaraki grunts at the thought of it until he eventually gave out a morning “fine!”
“Good” the FWM snaps her fingers and everyone can able to move again, Izuku moved his fingers and approach the seemingly powerful girl, “so what’s going on, did you brought us here?”
“Quite a quick asker you know that Izuku” the FWM smiled, “and yes, I brought you all here for one reason and one reason only.”
“And that being?” Aisawa raises his brow,
“To watch… MOVIES!”
As the FWM made her announcement, the room lighten up, revealing more of the room, as there are more softas, the food stand is brighter and now there’s a door with a theatre-like sign that reads “MCU 1 - Iron Man” in big English writing
“That’s… it?” one of the students was confused about the announcement, though curious to why this girl brought everyone in a different place, pull them away from their lives just to watch some movies.
“I want every one of you guys to watch movies in this dimensional theatre, the food stand is over there if you want to have  a snack or a drink, the provider of the stand is my human pet Wyatt, say hi Wyatt” everyone turns to look at the stand where a boy is wearing a cinema staff member outfit, he seems a bit disfigured as he constantly smiles and has one of his eyes wide open, with the other blinking, he slowly and shakenly waves his hand, saying “h… hi...”
“So, you just want us to watch movies?” All Might scratch his head in confusion, while the 1-A teacher of 1-A Aizawa stepped in “I’m sorry to say this, but we had other important things to do,” “I agree, the last I recall, we were in the middle of academics” Momo agreed with her teachers, which caused FWM to smile, “oh don’t you worry everyone, while we’re in this dimension, time is paused, meani
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Reaction
Watching
Watching the MCU
Characters Watching Marvel Movies

fandom: 
None
