Chapter 1: Пролог. (Prologue)
    


Notes:
Idea and parts of the dialogue derived from:"Til Death" by BarcelonaWarnings: extreme illness, physical violence, talk of deathThere's a chapter heading and various art throughout this work, you can find a compilation of them all (as well as the organized chapter links) here. xx

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text







.::.

There's a saying... something about people who live on the edge of death. But Bucky doesn't think it applies to them. They don't live on the edge of anything. They can't afford it. No, instead they live deep in the throes. They live in the very core of it all. They live in the constant ever-wakeful presence of the feared shadowy darkness.They live in death.  ~*~Brooklyn in the 20s was a rough place for a kid. Brooklyn in the 30s was a rough place for a teenager. The two of them had grown up in the thrumming, beating heart of it and all that roughness made both them a little rough around the edges.In some ways, they still had it better than the other kids. Because at least through all the roughness and hell of living in the dirty underside of New York, they had each other. Hell, that was better than most humans had, New York or age regardless. Sometimes Bucky's eyes would catch on Steve - sprawled out across the floor on his stomach, pencil in one hand and a single foot kicked up in the air as he shaded lightly on the sketchpad in front of him - and wonder how the hell he'd earned this as his better half.  Bucky was always stealing glances of Steve drawing. Calm and almost mindless as he swept pencil over the page, white turning gray with the guidance of careful hands. Bucky liked watching Steve draw almost more than he liked the drawings themselves. It was just the only time he got to see Steve peaceful. He was always picking a fight, or maybe the universe was always picking a fight with him.Either way, it was storm season in Brooklyn and the sky was picking a fight with everybody. Storm season also meant one of the million flu seasons that'd knock Steve off his feet for a week. The worst of the sicknesses were during storm season, all that constant wetness letting the bacteria grow and travel faster. If they could afford it, Bucky'd stay home to make sure Steve didn't fall too ill. If he got it bad during storm season, the danger was that much worse. But this year they were running too low on money for Bucky to even think about staying home. Steve had broken his wrist a month back and the cost of that had swamped up everything they'd saved. So, as much as he should be home right now, instead Bucky was hurrying through the streets to get there. He had his collar turned up against the wind, the only threadbare jacket with a collar he owned. He didn't like it much, but it helped to block out the icy gusts of wind notorious to November in New York. The pavement was already slick, tinted green by the industrial lights flickering from the back of the buildings Bucky was dodging. This way was a shortcut home from the docks, but it was considerably more dangerous too - back alleys in Brooklyn weren't safe no matter who you were. A particularly cold burst of wind whipped at his face and Bucky ducked his head down, cursing at the weather and the world in general. The edge of their apartment building was just around the next corner and he picked up his pace, cursing again as he slipped slightly on the slick pavement. A low rumble sounded in the distance, storm closing in, and Bucky would probably just beat it home. He could already see it, slamming the door behind him, outta breath as the rain and ice showered down in the streets where he'd just been hauling ass.He looked down at his feet as he rounded the corner, doing his best not to slip on the ground with worn shoes. Falling would mean getting soaked and damp in this kind of cold storm might be fatal, even to him. At twenty-one he was fit and more muscled than some boys his age, all that manual labor at the docks and stores he could scrounge pennies from. But wet and cold was deadly to anybody this time of year. Bucky sent up an abortive prayer of thanks to no one in particular that Steve wasn't with him. (If Steve were here he'd yell at Bucky for praying to no one and being disrespectful to religions and Bucky would fight the urge to roll his eyes because then Steve would get on to him even more.) Despite the Steve-shaped voice of his conscience, he was still grateful Steve was safely indoors and (hopefully) fairly warm. Steve was stubborn but not stupid enough to be outside in weather like this.The sky thundered again, everything already dark from the black clouds overhead. As the crashing grumble faded, distant voices overtook the silence. Instinctive worry and curiosity had Bucky straining to hear the voices on the wind. "--ad the right to come and interrupt?" A muffled thump. "Little scrap like you, barging in like some superhero?" A crash. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Til Death: the fanfic
Soundtrack Included
World War II
1930s-2015~
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
PTSD
Aftermath of Torture
Near Death Experiences
Captain America: The First Avenger
Basically Bucky Barnes is a mess
More specific tags in chapters

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

