Chapter 1: September
    




Chapter Text

 

 Clint 
 “My shower was broken,” Simone tells Clint.It’s three o’clock in the afternoon on a Sunday, or maybe a Wednesday, Clint doesn’t know. All he knows is that he was asleep, and then he wasn’t asleep, and then Simone. There’s a Simone.He stands in his boxers, holding up or being held up by the door, and blinks at her.She snaps her fingers in his face. He starts. “Shower,” he mumbles. Three week op in Baghdad following a six week op in Moscow following a four week op in Belize—the word sounds like it's in a foreign language.“Landlord,” Simone says clearly. She prods him gently on the chest. He sways. “My shower was broken. You weren’t around. I had two kids I couldn’t wash, Clint. You’ve met my kids. You know how serious that is?”Clint remembers children. Small, loud people. Easily breakable. Do not touch. “I’ll fix,” he promises muzzily, half-turning towards his apartment. “I have a wrench. I’ll whack it. I whack.”“It got fixed,” Simone says patiently. “Phil fixed it. But you have to do something, Clint. You need to hire some kind of building manager. The place is falling apart. I don’t wanna complain, because it’s still better than it was when the Russians were trying to muscle us out, but if Phil wasn’t around, Grills would be in the hospital with electrical burns right now, and Karen would still be living with broken windows. Phil’s replaced some of the smoke detector batteries, he’s fixed that bannister on the third floor, and gotten new locks for the entrance, but it’s not fair to keep asking him to do all that. It’s not his job, and he’s doing it on his own dime.”“Uh,” Clint says. “What,” he says. And then sadly, “You keep flickering in and out. In and out. Like.” He wiggles some fingers.Simone frowns at him. Then she sighs. “Go back to bed, Clint. And then shower, and drink some coffee. And after you’ve done that, come find me. We need to talk.”Ominous. Clint sways some more. “Okay,” he says agreeably. He can do that. He shuffles in place. +++ Four hours later, he sits up in bed and says, “Wait. Who’s Phil?” +++ So apparently, there’s this guy named Phil.“Tell me again,” he mumbles into Simone’s kitchen table, half a carafe of coffee later. “He what?”“He lives in 210,” Simone tells him, reeling a bundle of skinny limbs and overlarge head out from under Clint’s chair.“Andy lives there,” Clint argues.“Andy lived there, two months ago. Then Andy moved to Jersey, and the apartment was empty. Nick had a friend who was looking for a place. He seemed like an improvement over everybody else coming by about it.” She frowns at him. “We left a message for you about this at Stark Tower. You ran his background check.”Clint never. He protests, “I don’t get messages at Stark Tower.”“You sent over the paperwork,” she says, her patience starting to sound strained. She’s got her kid upside-down over her shoulder and he’s waving his legs lazily in mid-air, looking puzzled at the lack of footing.“I didn’t.”“You did.”“I couldn’t have. I didn’t do it.”Simone gives him an exasperated look. Then she excavates through strata of kid art and magnets on her refrigerator, ignoring her kid’s grabby hands to show a stained, official-looking document.Clint frowns at it. It informs him that Phil Coulson, age 47, writer, with no recent rental history, has good credit, no criminal record, no loans, and no outstanding judgments against him.“Huh,” he says.“I had Andy’s key, so.” Simone shrugs. “For the record? I’m not your building manager, either.”Clint rubs the back of his neck, feeling tension settle back into his shoulders. Under the judgmental stares of Simone and her upside-down kid, he doesn’t feel up to admitting that he somehow managed to forget that he’s the landlord here. It’s not like he didn’t have more important things on his mind. Fury and Hill finding out last year that HYDRA had infiltrated SHIELD, Captain America blowing up Latveria, the Avengers staging a reunion tour to take out Project Insight:  rebuilding an entire intelligence agency from the ground up is distracting, okay?In the grand scheme of things, finding out he’s got a new tenant who’s been helpful with building repairs isn’t that big a deal.“You should meet him,” Simone says.He’s about to argue—he’s busy!—when he meets the eye of stern maternal authority. He folds like an origami chicken. “I should meet him,” he agrees meekly.“And don’t scare him off. We like him.”Clint’s hurt. “I wouldn’t—““No arrows, no explosions, no mafia goons, no secret agent shenanigans, no criminal activity, no felonies, no flirting.”“I don’t—”“In fact, don’t even talk to him,” Simone orders. “Just pay him back for all the repairs he’s been doing for you, and hire a building manager.”In retrospect, Clint’s kinda disappointed in her. If there was ever a way to guarantee he’d fuck this Phil guy up, it was by ordering Clint not to fuck him up.Now that he’s been reminded that he’s the landlord here though, Clint feels a belated sense o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Domestic Fluff
Writer!Phil
Never a SHIELD Agent Phil
Avenger!Clint
Implied Past Child Abuse

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

