Chapter 1: An Intruder
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker was bitten by a radioactive spider at the age of 9. The following morning saw him gain impressive powers, akin to that of an arachnid. These unique abilities shifted Peter's entire life in a new direction, the path of a hero.
The boy had always been small. He was short for his age, not even managing to reach the height off a child 2 years younger than him; a factor which gave way to several insults and snide comments.
No matter how much he ate, he seemed unable to put on any sort of weight. His skinny body lacked any sort of muscle, the consequences of studying and reading whilst every other boy was out playing sports.
After awakening his new-found powers, he lamented to find his body had remained the exact same. Not a single soul could tell the difference between his former self, and his new empowered body. Asides from not needing glasses anymore, he was still the same scrawny kid. 
As much as he detested his tiny size, he was also grateful that he hadn't had a major growth spurt. It would have been quite a difficult situation to explain to his Aunt and Uncle.
He wasn't going to let his size deter him though, proven by his common expeditions into the night. As soon as lights went out, Peter was on the street. Rooftops and alleyways were the perfect place for Peter to experiment with his powers, and he soon discovered the limit of his powerful abilities.
Smart enough to hide his identity, Peter adorned a makeshift costume. Leggings, a hoodie, and a crudely made mask was the chosen outfit of 'Spider-Kid'. Hardly the safest or most appealing, it was all he could come up with on a short notice.
His attempts to stay discrete seemed futile however, as he was steadily beginning to attract attention in the news. Word was beginning to spread of how criminals were found encased in a thick, gooey, web-like substance. 
He couldn't help it. If he heard someone in danger, he would save them. After all, that's what heroes do.
He was grateful to find that many supported his actions, the people glad that there was another hero on the streets. Yet, there were still those that were against him, given that his activities were considered vigilantism. 
Either way, the Spider-Kid was catching a lot of interest across New York. 
There was one man in particular that showed a certain interest. One very grumpy man.
------------------------------------------------------------------
Nick Fury was not happy.
He glared at the screen, CCTV footage of the 'Spider-Kid' putting on his mask on the roof of a building, before swinging away on his webs.
Despite his efforts to stay incognito, the kid had failed. It had taken Shield less than two days to determine his identity, and soon there was an entire file dedicated to the boy. 
Sloppy.
Inexperienced.
Untrained.
Peter Parker. 
As impressive as his abilities were, they also made him a threat. Thus, he was being observed by the Spy of all Spies.
It was obvious to see that the kid was trying to help, by taking down low-level thugs and leaving them for the police. But, after watching him fight, Fury knew the boy had utterly no combat experience and relied completely on his gifts.
Fury wondered how he obtained these spider-like powers. In the world he lived in, it wasn't so surprising to hear that some special serum or insane experiment had given someone powers.
His guess was that some freak accident gave Peter abilities, and now the kid was irresponsibly using it to turn New York into his playground.
Nick Fury didn't like that.
Still, the man saw opportunity in everything.
With the correct training and guidance, Peter could learn to master his abilities, and become a valuable asset to Shield.
But until then, he was a target. Until Fury was sure of what gave him his powers, and had obtained his loyalty, he would treat Peter Parker as a target.
And no one dealt with targets better than Natasha Romanoff, the Black Widow.
Sending a summons for the deadly assassin, he pondered his options.
He couldn't just barge in to Peter's home, and demand samples of his DNA, as well as his unwavering loyalty.
No, this situation required a more comfortable encounter with the kid.
He thought hard, and came across a dastardly, devious idea.
Boys his age liked sex, didn't they? It was all they could think about. 
It was a surefire way to obtain his loyalty, as well as obtaining samples of everything he needed, consensually.
He allowed himself a slight smirk, Agent Romanoff would like this mission. 
Seeing the woman enter his office, he relayed the objective. And watched her strut away with an eager smile on her face.
------------------------------------------------------------------
Peter grinned in elation as he swung back towards his house in the suburbs. It was late at night, and he was returning from a patrol of beating down muggers and thieves for the police to find.
The fights had gone easily in his favour, and he had barely expended any stamina. In fact,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Felicia Hardy/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Jennifer Walters
Carol Danvers/Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Susan Storm
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Jessica Drew/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Underage Sex
Loss of Virginity
Older Woman/Younger Man
First Kiss
Vaginal Sex
Kissing
Femdom
Stripping
Breasts
Dom/sub
Size Difference
Small Penis
Age Difference
Extremely Underage
Oral Sex
Shotacon
Height Differences
Mommy Kink
Submissive
Straight Shotacon
Groping
Hand Jobs
Masturbation
Anal Fingering
Extremely Dubious Consent
Foot Jobs
Anal
Rape
Public Sex
Giantess - Freeform
Anal Sex
Rimming
Face-Sitting
Face-Fucking
Multiple Orgasms
Muscles
Threesome
Threesome - F/F/M
Vaginal Fingering
Ass Play
Spanking
Double Anal Penetration
Transgender

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Felicia Hardy/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Jennifer Walters
Carol Danvers/Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Susan Storm
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Jessica Drew/Peter Parker

