Work Text:
“Why is it that anyone that isn’t a mutant isn’t worth your time!” The mutant yelled, angry that Magneto had sent her little human lover away. She should be happy he didn’t kill the man, thinking he had a right to be with a mutant. He had done far worse to humans for a lot less.Nonetheless, “Join us and you won’t have to put up with that insignificant worm again. There are people just like you, more worthy of your affection.”The girl was crying now. “But I wanted him!”Erik resisted sighing loudly, just barely.“Look-”“No! You look,” She cut him off. “You don’t understand how I feel. I didn’t care that he was human, we are in love. You’d understand if you’d ever been in love, but I doubt someone like you even has a heart.”Oh lord, if Erik had a penny for every time he heard this speech. Always about how he ‘didn’t understand’ and all that babble about love and hearts and rainbows. Bullshit.“He’s human-”“So!” Jesus Christ was this woman going to let him talk. “I’m going to make the most precious person you love human. Then you will understand my pain.”Another dramatic teenage girl with amazing mutant powers. Like he would care if she turned someone human, Erik hadn’t even gone on a date in 2 years. He was either going to have to start bringing Angel or Raven on these trips or just recruit men from now on, he didn’t understand why women always went nuts at the slightest offence.The girl pointed a glowing pink finger at his chest.Well, crap.***So that mutant recruiting was a bust. Thankfully he had gotten away unscathed. At most he had a little glowy dot go into his chest. He felt fine and doubted that anything major had happened, but it was always good to check with Hank anyways, he’d be no use if he exploded unexpectedly over dinner.A few hours later Hank cleared him and Emma had smirked at him like he was pathetic when he told her of the confrontation with the girl.When he finally got to his room later that night, he plopped back spread eagle on his bed, disturbing the pile of jingle balls and feather toys scattered in the rumpled sheets.“Charles?” He called out to his room. He didn’t bother looking around for his cat, Charles had some kind of special power to always know when Erik made it home and be there waiting to greet him.He got a pitiful ‘mew’ from under the bed.“Charles? Are you okay there, buddy?” Erik rolled over to look under the bed.He was just reaching down to pull the sheets out of his way when a hand shot out from the darkness under his bed and grabbed his wrist. Squawking loudly, Erik tumbled off the bed and to the floor in a heap of metal bits and bedcovers.“Holy Hells!” Erik used his powers to throw the whole bed frame across the room. There, curled in a ball of naked flesh and previously-believed missing cat toys was a young man, looking pleadingly up at him with huge blue eyes through wispy chocolate brown locks.“Who the fuck are you?!” Erik wasn’t going to deny the hysterics in his voice, there was a naked boy under his bed. If this was one of Sean stupid pranks, so help him…The boy chirped at him, uncurling from his tight ball and reaching out with shaking fingers towards Erik.  In some kind of daze brought on by shock and disbelief, Erik could only watch as the boy (well, to be honest, more like young man- he didn’t look that young) stretched out towards him and paw at his thighs with a happy smile on his face.Maybe Erik was asleep? It would be understandable. There was a temptingly beautiful naked young man crawling naked towards him and slipping trembling hands farther up Erik’s thigh.Erik finally broke from his erotic hallucination and figured out there was a stranger in his lap about the same time Mystique and Havoc broke down the door.“Magneto! We heard….” Alex trailed off, eyeing the scene before him.It didn’t look like their fearless leader was in trouble. Case in point, naked man draping himself over his lap, in fact Erik seemed kind of pissed that they had disturbed him.“Seriously.” Raven put her hands on her hips. “You couldn’t show off like a normal person and just show him your abs or something? You had to fling your bed across the room instead?”Then Erik was getting a face full of dangly bits as the young man tried to leap over him at Raven.Restraining him only seemed to make him squirm more. Erik tried not to be distracted by the display but it was damn hard. The stranger finally settled down and plopped back into Erik’s lap, reached over him and making grabby hands at Raven while purring like a motor engine.“O-kay,” Alex said tense. “This is awkward.”Erik and Raven just ignored him.“Erik, why is your stripper trying to invite me into your room?” Raven asked.“He’s not my anything. He was under my bed when I got back.” Erik growled, hands settling on a boney bare hip. “I was looking for Charles when- Oh my God, where’s Charles!”Erik shoved the young man off his lap, getting a hiss for all his trouble. Ignoring it as he searched the room for his cat. Why did he thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

