Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“I’m sorry, Steve, but without a Dominant, you’re stuck here.”It takes a while for the words to really sink in, to realize that Nick is serious and isn’t going to back down. “You can’t expect me to follow a regulation that wasn’t even in place when I was in the army.”“I can and I do.”He eventually becomes reconciled to the idea after Nick shows him paper after paper about the effects of PTSD on Submissives and Dominants and suggested treatments for both. They’re different for the two groups, and the researchers posit that isolation is the last thing a Submissive needs when dealing with trauma. Thus, the rule that Submissives who’ve seen battle have to stay in base housing unless they’re contracted. While Steve could argue that not all Submissives are the same, that he’s different, that it actually feels more isolating to be around all these people who can’t understand than it does to be alone, he doesn’t try it. It’s commendable that the military’s trying to take care of the Dominants and Submissives who’ve served, and this isn’t one of those rules he feels justified in circumventing. Nick’s already skirting the line by not assigning him a roommate, something he’s thankfully never suggested; Steve isn’t going to ask him for more.Choosing a Dominant seems the lesser of the two evils—one person trying to help him and being frustrated when it doesn’t work versus a whole barracks-full—so he takes the many, many personnel files Nick gives him, and he looks carefully through each one. If none of the Dominants is the person he really wants, that’s nobody’s business but his own.For all that he’s willing to cooperate, however, it’s not an easy decision. All the potential Dominants have exemplary records and are decorated with medals, and Steve has no doubt that Nick had them vetted before he ever put their photographs in front of him. But while he can read their profiles and even think “that one looks cheerful” and “this one has a nice smile,” all the information piled in front of him doesn’t make any one of them stand out. They all seem strangely flat to him, colorless and somewhat abstract, and he can barely remember anything he’s read about them after he's done or bring to mind a specific face.He knows he has to make a decision soon—he’d promised Nick he’d have a short-list of candidates by the end of the week—but he’s starting to think he’s going to have to pin all their pictures to the wall and throw darts in order to narrow down his options.Except then it all changes.He’s in the gym when it happens. There’s a certain mindless comfort in hitting a punching bag, in taking all his turmoil and throwing it outward and exhausting himself in the process. He goes down to the gym once a day, sometimes more when he really needs it, like now, and he takes his frustrations out on things that can’t hit back, no matter how much he wants them to.Tonight, however, he can’t seem to find his rhythm, can’t get lost in the feel of his fist hitting the leather, and he’s more keyed up by the time he calls it quits than he was when he started. Since he’s the last one there, he does the polite thing and goes over to turn the television off, even though he hadn’t been watching it. He’s not a big fan of TV. Everything happens too fast, like they’re trying to jam as much into thirty minutes as possible, so a person barely has time to understand what’s going on before they’re jumping to the next thing, and there’s this fascination with sex and violence that he just can’t condone. It makes him jittery to watch it, so he uses his iPod to drown out the noise whenever it’s on—which is why he’s completely unprepared when he finally gets close enough to the TV to hears, “Tony Stark.”He knew Howard had a son and had envisioned a little dark-haired boy with Howard’s mischievous smile and flair for dramatics, but he hadn’t given it much thought. He got the hair and the smile right at least, he thinks distantly, as he stares at Howard’s son, all grown up, and rather well at that. He spares a second to wonder if it’s wrong to notice that Tony is attractive—very, very attractive—but by that point, it’s already too late. Steve turns off his iPod. They’re just playing the highlights from a press conference that happened earlier in the day, something to do with Stark Industries, but it’s Tony that Steve pays attention to, the way he charms his audience, laughing freely and acting kind of ridiculous, although no one seems to mind. He flirts shamelessly, with Dominants and Submissives alike, and he reminds Steve of—His heart clenches, and he has to look away for a second.He turns right back around, however, when the anchorwoman introduces the next segment, and he’s disappointed that the news clip is already over, absently reaching out to turn off the television like he’d planned to before.Obviously, less than a minute of coverage can’t provide Steve a fair 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom!Tony
sub!Steve
This is an AU of my AU
Age Difference
Steve is only 19 here
virgin!steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

