Chapter 1: Part I
    


Summary:

In which it begins.





Chapter Text
You don’t want to admit that being in Professor Laufeyson’s class is the biggest accomplishment of your life. It seems stupid, ridiculous even. Sure, it's the hardest English course your university has to offer, and sure, you have gotten in even though students your age aren't usually permitted. And yes, you have maintained an “A” so far in spite of that, thank you very much.Maybe it isn't the biggest accomplishment of your life, but it's one of them for sure. Right up there with getting into this university in the first place, winning that one bet with your fifth grade best friend…More recently, not completely losing your composure as Professor Laufeyson leans over you.“Dehumanization of women in  1984 ,” he reads from a very, very messy outline in your notes. His breath just barely tickles your neck. If this were any other professor, you would jerk away from the closeness. But this is Professor Laufeyson, with his tailored suits and slicked back hair. You respect, for lack of a better term, the absolute shit out Professor Laufeyson. You've already learned more in his class than all your years at college combined, and were exposed to ways of thinking you never would have considered had you not taken this course.Despite that, like so many others, you aren’t immune to his charm. You feel your heart beat faster as your professor’s body lingers over your shoulder, waiting for a response. You pull back slightly so you can meet his eyes.“I know it’s not a super original take,” you say, a bit of uncertainty creeping into your voice. “But it’s something I feel strongly about. This is the fourth time I’ve read the book, and I dislike it more each time.” You pause, suddenly worrying it may seem like you’re criticizing Professor Laufeyson’s materials list. “Not that I’m upset I had to read it again,” you begin to stutter. Professor Laufeyson steps away and towards an empty desk, leaning against it and folding one long leg over the other. “It’s quite alright,” he says, smirking. Silently, you breathe a sigh of relief. The man is smirking, clicking his ballpoint pen slowly. You sigh in exasperation: he's bantering with you. “ 1984  is not my novel, after all.” He explains. “You’re taking a risk, though. You don’t think the book should be taught in schools?” You blink in surprise. How had the man managed to read your notes so fast?“High schools,” you correct him. “I don’t think it should be taught in high schools.”“Why’s that?” Professor Laufeyson challenges you. The students around you begin to listen in. You feel your face heat up.“Because Winston is never explicitly stated to be a bad person. Not in regards to his views on women, at least.”“That’s nothing a little critical thought can’t fix.”“Critical thought? In seventeen year olds?” You scoff, and Professor Laufeyson cocks an eyebrow at you. You clear your throat. “With the language Winston uses, that’s not a risk I think the public schools should take, professor.”Your professor has stopped clicking his pen, looking down at you with dark eyes. He’s quiet for just a bit too long, making you acutely aware of the rest of the class watching you. “And what will make your argument so different? You said it yourself, your criticism isn’t a new one. What will make your paper stand out to me?” Professor Laufeyson’s tongue is tapping his teeth, like he’s amused. That, among other things the sight makes you think of, makes you squirm in your seat.This is what you like about this class. A small smile tugs at the corners of your lips as you prepare to continue the conversation.“Perspective. Experience.” you shrug. “I remember what it was like reading this when I was that young. It’s not a hypothetical to me. It was a real experience.” You finish. Professor Laufeyson nods, his brow slightly furrowed as he takes in your words.“I thought seventeen year olds don’t have critical thought. Or were you just the exception?” A laugh ripples around the classroom.Well, shit. How are you supposed to answer that? You lean forward, crossing your arms over the desk.“Doesn’t matter if I had it then, sir. I’d like to think I’ve got it now,” is what you decide to go with. Something about Professor Laufeyson’s posture changes, and he lets out a low chuckle. “I suppose so.” He stands up, walking towards his desk. “I’m looking forward to reading your essay. You have yet to disappoint me.”Pride swells in your chest at your professor’s praise. You pick your pencil back up, hoping to work more on your outline, but you can’t do anything more than doodle for the rest of class.  ~ “You have yet to disappoint me,” Natasha proclaims. You shush her, but quickly giggle after.“Thanks for coming to my defense. You didn’t even try to get the class to stop paying attention to me,” you tease with trace amounts of truth in your words. Obviously, you like talking to Professor Laufeyson. But you don't need, or want, an audience. “Please. He was s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Professor Loki
Professor! Loki
Professor! Loki AU
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Fluff
Eventual Smut
Fluff and Smut
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
18+
18+ ONLY
Professor Laufeyson
Professor! Laufeyson
Professor! Laufeyson AU
Hand Jobs
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Smut
Light Angst
(at times)
Praise Kink
Size Kink
Spanking

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki/Reader

