Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The music in the bar was thumping, the bass vibrating across the ground and shaking through the core of the dancers packed side to side out out on the dance floor. It was the sort of music meant for moving, for getting close, for grinding up against someone pretty and hoping they thought you were pretty too.Problem was, it wasn’t good music tonight. There was the slow grinding, body rocking music the bar usually played on a Saturday night and then there was this crap-- poppy and high pitched, techno-y and obnoxious, radio friendly and meant to be sang along to with friends, with lyrics stolen for over used tattoos and cliché online profile bios. It was teeny bopper music, and not even the rumbling bass courtesy of massive mounted speakers could save it.Nope, not good music at all and even worse, there wasn't even a good crowd in the bar tonight. The new owners of the place were on some theme-night, dance off bullshit meant to bring in college kids and residents of the newest high rise apartments down the way, which meant the usual biker-and-blue-collar-crowd had been shuffled out of the way in favor of new money. Different money. Upper class money. The sort of money Bucky and his pals never spent, and frankly couldn't afford to spend.Fuckin' dumb. Even the drinks were different tonight, neon and fruity and topped with sugar and Bucky scowled through the ruckus of expensive perfume and high pitched laughter as yet another fancy Omega shouted for shots, then sipped at some cotton candy flavored monstrosity and giggled about how it burned their nose.Nah tonight was a far cry from the normal after work crowd and Bucky had had enough. “Fuckin’ hell.” the Alpha tipped back the rest of his whiskey and grimaced when some neon drink drunk Beta stumbled and nearly fell past him. “Time to get outta here.” Bucky picked up his phone to text Natasha and tell the other Alpha that he was leaving, that she could keep grinding on college kids all she wanted but he was fuckin' outta here, but before he could even hit send, the cutest Omega Bucky had ever seen in his life walked right up to his bar stool and whispered--“--excuse me?” Bucky sat back like his legs had been cut off at the knees, thunked down onto his stool again and stared because  holy hell was the Omega pretty, all long legs and Bambi eyes and oh god that little twirly skirt was going to be the death of him, Bucky just knew it.“Um.” the Alpha croaked. “Uh what-- what’s up, Omega?” “This is so awkward.” The Omega had no business having lashes quite that thick or quite that long, how was it even fair? “But my ex is here and he's kind of a jerk. I don’t want to talk to him, so I was hoping-- um, I was hoping maybe you could pretend to be with me so he leaves me alone...?”“Um.” Bucky wasn’t the sort of Alpha who ever found himself speechless but he was sure as hell speechless right now, struck absolutely stupid by fluttery lashes and the tiniest bit of glitter along the sweetest lips in the whole damn world. “I uh-- holy shit--” “Tony!” A loud voice cut into the moment and the little Omega jumped, vanilla and rose scent tinging with sudden fear. “Tony! There you are! Where have you been hiding all night, come have a drink with me!”Looking back at this moment from sometime in the future, Bucky would insist it was the fear scent in the air that made him grab the Omega up close. He would promise it was platonic protectiveness that had him growling at the other Alpha, he would swear on a stack of all things holy that everything he did in the next few minutes was fully necessary to protect the vulnerable Omega from the big bad ex boyfriend----and everyone who heard the story would know that nothing about anything was necessary, that Bucky had been a smitten Alpha who couldn’t tell a pretty Omega no, and that this particular moment had been only the first of about a million where Bucky jumped to do whatever the Omega wanted.Looking back, Bucky would swear he acted only out of necessity but for right now, the Omega's scent was turning sour and anxious so Bucky reached out and wound his arm around that teeny tiny waist, dragged the Omega back up against his chest, then curled his lip and bared his teeth at the approaching Alpha in a clear warning to stay away.“Oh.” The intruder was a posh prick, all khaki suit and polished shoes, fancy watch on his wrist and a tie pin-- who wore a tie pin to a bar?-- and he stopped right in his tracks when he caught a glimpse of Bucky’s fangs. “Oh look at that. Tony, are you hooking up with bar trash now?” The Omega Tony went ramrod stiff in Bucky’s arms and he rumbled low under his breath, turned his nose into the curve of Tony’s neck and hummed until the Omega made a shocked little sound and sagged back into him. “That’s right, sugar.” Bucky could feel the heat of Tony’s blush beneath his lips as he brushed a kiss over the Omega’s cheek and whispered. “You just hold right on t’me and we’ll get through this, yea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
winteriron
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Strangers to Friends to Lovers
Mutual Pining
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Ty is an Asshole
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Dirty Dancing
Motorcycles
Motorcycle Sex
Knotting
Coming In Pants
Fem!Aesthetic Tony
Clothed Sex
Fluff and Humor
Fluff and Mush
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Fanged!Bucky Barnes
Shameless Bucky Barnes
Shy Tony Stark
Dorks in Love
Listen this barely has a plot
just boys in love
And Tony being Smol
Size Difference
Growling
fangs
Semi-Public Sex
Happily Ever After

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

