Work Text:
"No.""No, what?" Tony asks, looking around. Pepper's just banned him from something which means it's interesting and he hasn't even spotted it yet damn her and... hang on. "Oh my god, who is that?" he demands when all he can see is a broad back and neatly cropped blond hair."I said no," Pepper repeats and she's not even looking up from her book. The girl is just plain spooky."It can't hurt anyone to know who-""It can," Pepper says. "It can hurt you when I have to pin you to the table.""Pepper, I never knew you had those kinds of feelings for me," Tony says with an exaggerated eyebrow waggle and she sighs, sounding forever put-upon. "All I'm asking-""It's Steve Rogers," Pepper snaps, finally closing her book and narrowing her eyes. "You know, the guy you tortured in high school?"Tony feels his mouth completely unhinge because the kid he, well... was scrawny and never knew when to say when and carried lunches to school in a brown paper sack. The guy Tony's looking at is like, three times the size of that scrawny kid. "How did that happen?" he demands, suspicious. Tony isn't small exactly but Rogers is definitely something else."Some people have late growth spurts," Pepper points out patiently."That's not a spurt, that's a... I don't even know what that is," Tony says. He swings his legs around off the bench seat he's on. "I think I'll just go-""I wasn't kidding about the pinning," Pepper says, setting her book all the way to the side."Apologize," Tony says. "I'll just go apologize for all the young and dumb crap."Tony's halfway out of his seat when his shirt snags on something. It's Pepper. "You've humiliated the guy in every way imaginable," Pepper says. "Don't break his heart too."Tony sags back to sitting at that, feels wounded. "How do you know I'd-""I know you," Pepper interrupts, her tone gentle even though her words aren't. "I've been hanging around you for so long because deep down I know you aren't that guy."Tony watches Steve move away from the food hall, a couple of girls trailing him and he's blushing which is just not fair.

*
"Peggy and I have discussed it and agreed it's a bad idea," Pepper announces, dropping onto the opposite chair at Tony's table. He's in the library which is the last place he thought anyone would look for him so of course Pepper does. Thor lets out a low snore from underneath the table and Tony nudges him over to his side with his feet.Pepper doesn't look at all surprised by Thor's presence."What? You can't do that," Tony complains."You don't know who Peggy is, do you?" Pepper asks, giving Tony the narrow eyes that means she's unimpressed with him."Not as such... no," Tony admits after a moment."Peggy is my equivalent in the Rogers camp."Tony blinks at her. "Steve has a camp?""You both do, hence me having an equivalent.""I have a camp?" Tony says and Pepper sighs, hefting her enormous purse onto the table and digging through it. Tony would make jokes about her having everything including the kitchen sink in the thing but she would probably pull a kitchen sink out and brain him with it. "Shouldn't I be aware that I have a camp? Are there merit badges involved?""That's the Scouts," Pepper dismisses. She finally finds what she's looking for and slides it across the table at Tony. He doesn't really want to touch it because it's pink and it's also a book. He might be in a library but he's very careful to stay away from the stacks because books give him hives."What's that?""It's my address book," Pepper says and Tony raises an eyebrow. "You've only been asking for this for years.""Hang on, is this the same address book that has the names and numbers of all those girls and guys that you deemed were out of bounds for me?" Tony asks slowly, nudging at the book with a finger."Sacrifices have to be made," Pepper says. "This is mine.""Okay, this is starting to be less funny," Tony says with a frown. "I haven't done anything and I'm feeling ganged up on.""You will though, I know you," Pepper says, taking the book back when Tony steadfastly refuses to humor her by looking in it."Maybe what you're doing is shooting yourself in the foot," Tony points out. "Maybe all you're doing is making Rogers more interesting to me."It's Pepper's turn to frown. "No, that's...""Ha!" Tony crows so loudly that everyone around them glares and Thor wakes with a jolt, smacking his head on the underside of the table."Hi Pepper," he says to Pepper's knees because that's presumably all he can see of her."Look, I'm not going to do anything to disappoint you," Tony says and holds up a hand when Pepper opens her mouth. "He's a guy I knew in high school who grew up very nicely. If you haven't noticed, there's a lot of nice people around."Pepper gives him a mistrustful look before she gathers her things and stands.

*
Tony is not stalking Steve Rogers.He's not really. He just happened to find out that Steve was living in his dorm. He might not have been on the same floor, but Steve on the same floor as Bruc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

