Work Text:
It's a typical Thursday, which means, typically, they'd all be on Tony's ridiculously comfortable wrap-around sofa, watching something that adds to the pop-culture education of one or more of them, since there are a lot of gaps in their collective experiences. Movie night means popcorn in half a dozen different flavours and tubs of artisan ice cream. Movie night means openly snuggling, especially the kind of snuggling that leads to Tony getting to smoosh his cheek into Steve's firm pects and curl a protective hand over his abs, while Steve pets Tony's back, right between his shoulder blades, with one huge, warm hand.Movie night should not come with monsters hijacking the subway, unless, of course, it's the plot in the latest B-movie to hit cult status on cable.“This sucks,” Tony moans, sure he can smell over a hundred years of subway filth even though his filtration system is state of the art.The monsters aren't even satisfying monsters, the kind Tony gets to dispatch with a repulsor to the face. They're something like hard-light holograms, projected by some little shit with an amulet who looks like he should be at home back-talking his parents rather than terrorising commuters.After a protracted, pointless battle where they all get their fair share of unpleasant bumps and bruises, Hawkeye eventually knocks the amulet out of the kid's grasp with a sneaky trickshot. Without it, he's less master of magical might and more teenage angst and poor hygiene.“You haven't seen the last of me!” he shrieks while two very tired looking police officers escort him away.  “Whatever,” Tony says. “Let's get out of here. I have a tub of butter pecan with my name on it. Literally.”“Sir,” JARVIS interrupts with a hint of apology in his voice. “I regret to inform you that Stark Tower is currently being evacuated due to a suspicious parcel left outside the Avengers private entrance.”“Son of a bitch,” Tony growls.*Back at the Tower, there are cordons of police cars and a handful of officers trying to convince the evacuees and nosy passers-by to move back another fifty feet or so. A group of reporters, complete with camera crew, are the most resistant to being moved along.“You can't come any further,” one officer insists as Tony steps up to the barrier.“It's my building,” Tony protests. “It literally has my name on it.”“Waiting on the bomb squad. Until they clear the scene, nobody passes this tape.”“Who needs the bomb squad?” Tony asks. “I have the suit.”“Tony,” Steve says warningly. “They've got a job to do. It's their area.”“Until a few years ago, I made bombs for a living. I was the bomb guy to rival all other bomb guys. I have literally disposed of a nuclear warhead with my suit and you want me to wait for the guys from The Hurt Locker to come and blow it up?”“Yes,” Steve says.“Uh, no,” Tony replies.With a short burst of repulsors, Tony neatly jumps the cordon and lands about a car-length away from the package. There's a bunch of shouts and scrambling behind him, but he ignores it.“Let's see what we've got here,” Tony says.The box is the kind of thing you'd move house with - cardboard, a bit crumpled, the four flaps on top loosely folded shut. “What are we looking at, J? C4? Pipe bomb?”“No explosive devices or chemicals detected,” JARVIS says after a pause.“So it's empty,” Tony says.“Heat signature and one life sign detected,” JARVIS adds.“Hostile?” Tony asks.“I do not believe so,” JARVIS says.Tony takes a few steps closer and reaches for the box. “Tony, no!” Steve shouts.That's when the siren begins, a steady, escalating wail that raises the hair on the back of Tony's neck and makes him flinch. He doesn't back away, though, because after that first terrifying second, he recognises it. A moment is all it takes to open up the box and confirm his suspicion.“I think you're right, Cap,” Tony says. “This isn't my area.”In the bottom of the box, on a folded blanket lies a baby. To the baby's onesie is pinned a card, on which is written a single word in thick, black, accusatory letters.
YOURS.
*A few quiet words to the officer in change and it's agreed to move things off the street. Tony picks up the box as-is and pushes through the door, the rest of the team and two of New York's finest on his heels. It's a snug fit in the elevator, but they manage it.“We're gonna need the box for the trace analysis. And the note,” one of the officers says. “Sure. I've seen CSI,” Tony says, for no other reason than to make them wince.The elevator doors slide open. For want of a better place to put it, Tony shoves the box-with-baby onto the breakfast bar. A few seconds later, he's stepped out of the suit and onto the smooth tile floor. After the evening he's had, he could really use a drink.“Someone from CPS will be here within the next two hours. If you volunteer a DNA sample now, things'll go a lot faster,” the officer labelled Wares says.“What things?”“Establishing parentage,” she says, a little slowly.“Wait. No,” Tony says.Tony looks fro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Not Marvel Cinematic Universe Phase Two Compliant
Superfamily
Team as Family
Babies
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Kid Peter Parker
Established Relationship
Self-Esteem Issues
Slut Shaming
Team Bonding
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Kid Fic
SteveTonyFest
Past Relationship(s)
Sexual History
Arguing
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Making Up
Friendship
Revelations
Movie Night
Avengers Movie Night
Domestic Avengers
Domestic
Domestic Fluff
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Bisexual Character
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Tony Stark
Bisexual Clint Barton

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

