Work Text:
In retrospect, Wade should have seen it coming. [Coming...haha! Get it? Get it?]Wade snorted a laugh. It was true, there had been a lot of come—and coming—involved that night.
[And the plug. I mean, if we’re talking about memorable moments, here.]
Oh, yeah. Totally memorable. He’d fucked Peter so full and then worked the pink rubber plug into him, keeping all that come deep inside. Peter had protested at the color—briefly—and then just moaned long and low as Wade twisted it a few times. Being plugged had also seemed to keep his more…bloodthirsty urges at bay, and Wade had been able to pet and cuddle him in a way that usually wasn’t possible after sex. He’d been leaving on an assignment the next morning and knowing that he’d be without his sexy spider for a whole two weeks…well, he’d pulled out that plug and fucked him again until Peter was an insensate, blissed-out wreck.Returning today, he’d been expecting to be pinned to the wall as soon as he walked in the door and treated to some hot and heavy action. Instead, he’d found Peter lying in his web, looking pale and exhausted. Next to Peter, bound very, very carefully in an intricate pattern of threads, was a bundle of webbing, like a clump of snowballs all stuck together. Peter had one hand resting on it, and he curled around it protectively as Wade approached.“What’s that, baby boy?” Wade had asked. “Hey, you look sick. Did you eat some bad Mexican food? I told you not to go to that place over on forty-ninth again.”“I’m not sick,” Peter had replied. “Just tired.” He cleared his throat nervously. “This is my—well, I suppose I should say our—egg sac.” So, yeah. In retrospect, should have seen that one coming. Or maybe not. Because…eggs? Really?Slowly, he became aware that he was just standing there with his mouth open. Even the boxes weren’t being helpful. Or unhelpful, as the case usually was. And Peter was looking increasingly agitated, shoulders hunching, his mouth turning down. “I’m sorry,” he mumbled. “I didn’t even know this was possible. I swear I didn’t, Wade.” Wade sank down into the web, bouncing slightly as it adjusted to his weight. “How, um, was it possible?” he asked, eyeing the sac warily. “I mean, out of the two of us, I’m the one who likes wearing satin panties and cute dresses.”“It was…” Peter stopped, swallowing. “I really don’t want to go into the details,” he finished faintly. Wade stared at the egg sac. “What…uh, what is it going to look like? Are we talking eight legs here, because it ain’t gonna be easy to find baby clothes that fit if that’s the case.”“I don’t know.” Peter sounded sullen, and he hunched down, drawing up his knees and putting his arms around them. “It’s cool. We’re both good with sewing machines.”A little smile. Wade reached out and touched the egg sac, giving it a little poke. It felt sticky and…lumpy. “Careful!” Peter swatted his hand away. The boxes came back online. [Dude, we knocked up Spidey!]
[We’re feeling so virile right now.]
Wade nodded. The boxes were right. This was hot. Weird but hot. He inched a little closer to Peter.Peter looked at him. “No.”“Awww, baby boy, come on,” Wade cajoled, making little kissing noises.“NO,” Peter said more loudly. “I’m tired and sore and we’re going to be parents. I don’t fucking know how to handle this!”So instead of sex, Wade spent the next two hours calming Peter down, making him tea and soup, and coaxing him away from the egg sac long enough to take a shower.*Over the next few weeks, Peter seemed to spend eighty percent of his time curled up around the eggs and the other twenty percent hunting criminals and sticking them in cocoons in the kitchen. It was starting to get hard to move around in there, and Wade practically had to become a contortionist whenever he wanted a slice of cold pizza from the fridge.“I just feel like we need to have lots of food on hand for when the babies are born,” Peter muttered when Wade brought it up.
[Did he just say ‘babies’? As in, more than one?]
“Duh. Spiders always have lots of babies. Haven’t you seen Charlotte’s Web?” Peter frowned. “They’ll need to eat,” he repeated.“I know, little spider.” Wade slung an arm around his shoulders. “But usually you try to avoid killing people. For some reason.”“Because it’s morally wrong,” Peter recited, but his eyes had gone a little blank and he stared at the cocoons, licking his lips. “I’ve been awfully hungry lately.”Wade steered him out of the kitchen and ordered takeout. That night, he snuck around slicing open the cocoons and hauling criminals into the police station. Peter looked both relieved and sulky in the morning and wouldn’t let Wade back into his web for two days. *“Nancy,” Wade said thoughtfully and then took a swig of beer.“Hmmm?” Peter asked, not looking up from his book. They were lying in the web, next to the egg sac, reading (in Peter’s case) and drinking/eating/playing games on his phone/sharpening his katana (in Wade’s), as they did most nights now that the babies were co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spiderman/Deadpool

freeform: 
Mpreg
Sort Of
Egg Laying
Peter is more like a spider
Spider Babies
Kid Fic
Domestic Fluff
Humor
Alternate Universe
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spiderman/Deadpool

