Chapter 1: Harley cuddle me
    




Chapter Text
“Oi Penis Parker!” Flash tried to get Peter to turn and notice him, but Peter was busy looking down at his phone watching vine videos that Shuri has sent him, Watermelown was his favourite and Shuri always sent him them when he was suffering in class. At this point even Tony was fed up with Peters school the way most students treated him and even some teachers that didn’t believe him about his internship at stark industry's which is almost correct and not just due to the fact he's Spider Man but also because Tony had started training him alongside Harley Keener to take over STARK industrys.  But for now, College and high school classes both of which Peter fly's through with the top grades in each course and does not even seem to bat an eyelid.  Harley will run the company as CEO and Peter will produce the Tech and mechanical engineering just like how Tony and Miss Potts run things, as soon as Peter had finished his MIT classes in Chemistry and Physics and mechanical engineering majors and his minors in political science and business management some said its impossible but so is becoming radioactive, so he knew about some of the business he is inheriting. Sometimes Harley would spend the day in labs with Peter and Tony as he also doing his engineering and business majors and sometimes Peter would join Pepper and Harley in meeting as he would also have to attend them from time to time even though he hated them just as much as Tony did.  “PENIS PARKER” Peter finally looked up from his phone after flash yelled at him once again and Ned nudged him “What flash? What this time” Peter was fed up he just wanted to get home to his dad his aunt, mum and his Boyfriend it's their night alone as its Friday and the adults always go out for dinner alone on Fridays that means Tony and Pepper and Happy and May and then they would all go out on Saturdays along with a movie night once they are home.  May moved into the tower after rent in their neighbourhood was raised and Tony offered to pay it or they could just move in so they could save money and Tony could see Peter more often and that was 2 years ago now, Tony Pep Harley and Peter lived on Tonys floor as Peter was like Tony’s flesh and blood just without the biological aspect. And May stayed on Happy floor with him.  “Well, I was wondering if your finally ready to be exposed” Flash carried on. “Exposed on what Flash?”  “Your internship dip stick” Peter hated flash so bad he was the heir to a company something that will be coming out after he graduates in 2 months, yes, it has been 6 years since civil war and Tony took peter to Germany. “Flash my internship is really okay, I don’t get why no one believes me but whatever and why will it now be ‘exposed’?”  “Peter we are going on an overnight trip to stark industry's MR Harrington just announced it as a treat for winning the trophy!!” Ned spoke up “YEAH looser no one will know you or even think you’re an actual human more like a penis, have fun being exposed LOOSERS.”  “Dude We are going to sleepover at stark tower!! HOW exiting dude!” Ned was squealing as they left the classroom meeting MJ. “Ned. Peter lives there we always stay round on weekends and During holidays! And we always tour around the labs with Peter as we have been promised a spot in the company in whatever department we want if we want it by Stark sr. So, we have seen everything, we once played hide and seek with Shuri Harley and Bartons kids in the avenger museum.” MJ said in her matter-of-fact kind of way.  “TRUE, but this time we get to see peter get found out as not being a liar and your just excited to see your girlfriend” What Ned said was true MJ did want to see Shuri. “Actually, guys on this day I have meeting all day and have already been given the day off Mr. Harrington knows that’s why I never got a permission slip” he said.  “BUT PETER” Ned started to whine he wanted his friend to stop being bullied and if only his class knew what he really meant to everyone at stark industry's. “Ned peter is more needed there than on a school field trip to his own home.”  “Sorry guys you won't see me at all next Friday il be in business meetings about money and budgeting and new interns and who will intern under who next year I'm sorry, look I got to go Happy waiting for me, Harley and I are going over business plan for next Friday as he is going with pepper on Sunday to Dubai until Wednesday and I have Decathalon on Thursday and yeah.”  They had arrived at the font of the school here happy car waited around the corner “Yeah okay see Ya on Monday looser” See MJ always said looser as a joke a term of endearment.  As peter walked down the stairs he got tripped and fell flat on his face cutting his lip. Fucking flash!! “PETER!” he heard both his friends yell out.  “don't worry about it, Bye guys.”  ---------------------  “Hey happy” Peter jumped onto the back of the car.  “Hey kid how was school?” Happy had really com
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Dubious Science
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
To Read
Field Trip

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

