Chapter 1





Chapter Text
For most of Tony's life, he had been obsessed with whatever was faster and more exciting than what everybody else was doing. There were fast cars, fast women, and now that he had his Iron Man suit, he could even fly fast.Pepper, bless her heart and soul, had certainly tried to slow him down. But even she couldn't keep up with the constant danger, the explosions, the weekly near-death incidents. He didn't blame her when she decided to step back and stay with the company instead of him.It was better to stick with one-night stands, quickly falling into bed and then leaving just as quickly the next morning.But with Steve, everything was different.He and Steve had started off on the wrong foot, but after the incident on the helicarrier, Steve had apologized and put in the effort to get to know Tony and befriend him. He had even stopped down in the lab a few times to see how Tony was doing, listening attentively as Tony described things that were probably way, way, way over Steve's head.And Tony had gotten to appreciate Steve's company. It was nice to have a guest in the lab who seemed genuinely interested and impressed by Tony's work. But, of course, there were the rare times when he had to be completely focused on a sensitive bit of equipment and couldn't really stop and explain everything for Steve's benefit.Tony had just started diagnostics on the armor when the lab doors slid open and Jarvis announced Steve's entry.“Sorry, Cap. I'm going to be working for awhile. No time to talk now.”Steve smiled and patted his sketchbook. “Your lab is full of interesting things I can draw. I'll keep myself busy. ”Well, whatever. If Steve wanted to be bored for the next couple hours, that was his problem.A few hours later, Tony came out of his inventing fugue enough to realize that his energy needed a top up. He reached for his coffee mug and was surprised when his hands curled around a burger wrapper instead. But he wasn't complaining. Being awesome tended to work up an appetite.He took a bite and sighed happily. It was just the way he liked it.A quick glance back confirmed that Steve was still sitting on the couch, sketching. So, he was the burger fairy.Steve glanced up and smiled. “How's the burger?”“This is from that little place on Main, isn't it?”Steve nodded. “Jack's Grill.”“Ah, that place is my favorite.”“I know.”Tony blinked in surprise. “You do?”Steve smiled. “Jarvis told me.” He patted Tony's shoulder before heading back out the door. “Enjoy your burger, Tony. I worry about you when you're down here all day without eating.”Tony sat in stunned surprise for a few minutes. This couldn't possibly be real life. This sort of thing just didn't happen to him.“Jarvis, did Cap just-”“Yes, sir. Captain Rogers brought you back a burger from Jack's Grill.”“And you told him to go to Jack's Grill.” It was a bad day when his AI started scheming about ways to get him to eat more.“He asked me what you like to eat,” Jarvis said. Tony might have been hallucinating, but it sounded like there was a note of pride in his voice.Well, whatever. It was nice of Steve to bring him something to eat, but it was probably just his way of showing friendly concern after yesterday's rough battle. It wasn't going to last.But the next afternoon, Steve was back in the lab with two containers of take-out Chinese from Tony's favorite Chinese place. “You can eat whenever you're free to take a break,” Steve assured him. “But I just went out for lunch and thought I'd bring you something back while I was at it.”Tony regarded Steve suspiciously as he settled back down on the couch. Steve rarely ate fast food. Sure, he'd eat just about anything right after a battle when everyone was too exhausted to move, let alone think about cooking. But normally, he ate protein bars, cereal that looked like cardboard, and green smoothies that looked uncomfortably like the sludge he used to drink when he had palladium poisoning.The point was, Steve would never just happen to go out for Chinese food, especially to Tony's favorite Chinese place. He could sense Jarvis' influence again.But, just this once, he'd go along with his AI's evil plot. Having lunch with Steve was pretty harmless.Over the next week, Steve stopped by Tony's lab with lunch every single day. It was always good food, always from places Tony was fond of. Steve insisted that it was no trouble at all, that he was happy to do it, that he enjoyed sharing lunch with him. Which had to be a lie because Tony was usually terrible company. He had a tendency to fiddle with his phone while he talked to people, and he worked while eating. But since Steve was clearly making an effort to be nice to Tony instead of lecturing him for his poor eating habits, he tried to give Steve his undivided attention when they were eating together.Tony was beginning to really look forward to Steve's visits. It was surprisingly nice to have regular human contact, something Tony never thought he'd admit. And Steve 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Protective Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Being Tony
Sleep Deprivation
Falling In Love
Love and Marriage
Slow Build
Community: avengerkink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

