Chapter 1: Recruitment and Mission
    




Chapter Text

After the amount of Marvel films, return of the Clone Wars and the added lore and original plans for seasons 7 and 8 I've realized I have so much more to work with and I realized how narrow my original plans were. MAN do I have some surprises in store for all of you guys.



And due to the length of this story and how large in scope and scale it is, this is actually the very first story where I legitimately wrote out every single Arc that I have planned and in mind. BulletstormX and Jebest4781 were as always HUGE contributors, especially for this particular story as the three of us share an extensive knowledge of Star Wars both from the TV shows and films as well as the extended lore. Also, a lot more and I mean   A lot   more use of the legends canon then the Disney one.

Some of my original ideas will remain but there is so much new things to add and do as well as the changing of the title.


We're taking place in a galaxy right? Well that means that the conflicts are endless or shall I say Infinite


Rate Read and Review and As Always Have Nice Day

Avengers Infinite Wars Chapter 1: Recruitment and mission
Three years ago, a day unlike any other occurred.
A day where the earth was threatened by an extra terrestrial force unlike anything that had been seen before.
In response to this, six individuals from all different walks of life came together, setting aside egos, personal agendas, pride and motives to be the sword and shield the Earth needed.
The Avengers, Earth's Mightiest Heroes
Captain America, Iron Man, Thor, Hulk, Black Widow and Hawkeye fought back the invading aliens called the Chitauri lead by none other than Thor's own brother, Loki.
Together, the Avengers repelled the invading aliens, defeated Loki and achieved victory.
After said victory each one separated to go on their own adventures and harrowing dangers until reuniting and have been openly active across the globe, fighting threats from London, to Africa, To Korea, and back home in America.
And even though things changed, the ideal still remained the same.
It had been several months after the Avengers had battled against the villainous AI that Tony Stark had created called Ultron.
Since then, the Avengers had gone through a great change.
Now the team had consisted of new faces lead by some old ones.
Captain America and Black Widow together lead the new Avengers made up by Steve's good friend, Sam Wilson AKA The Falcon, War Veteran James Rhodes AKA War Machine, the twins Pietro and Wanda Maximoff AKA Quicksilver and The Scarlet Witch. And last but not least the synthetic android known simply as Vision.
This was the new team of Avengers that operated at the New Avengers Facility in upstate New York, the new safeguard of the world. And right now…
"You're sure about this guy, Sam?" Steve asked his friend, looking over the data pad in his hands.
"Damn sure." Falcon said with a confident nod. "It all matches up and he's definitely a contender."
"So now we're recruiting a guy who can….communicate with Ants?" Natasha said jokingly, though she too held interest in this subject.
"He sure kicked your ass good Sam." Pietro said with a grin.
"Hey, I didn't know he could turn into a tic tac." Sam rebutted with a huff making Rhodes and Pietro laugh at his expense.
"But all things considered, this has to be a unanimous agreement." Steve said in total seriousness, surveying the team
Steve first looked to his right hand man (Woman really) Natasha.
Nat looked up at Steve before shrugging and replying with. "I'm all for new faces"
Nodding, Cap then looked over to the others.
"Hey if he can beat one of us in confrontation, he's got some potential" War Machine said with an accepting nod
"Well, it gets a little boring with the same people over and over again" Pietro remarked, casually leaning back in his chair "So hey, I approve"
His sister merely deadpanned at him, then faced Cap.
"You have my vote Captain" Wanda said with a friendly smile and Cap gave her a nod of acceptance.
"I find that it is necessary to increase our ranks." Vision said sagely, crossing his arms together in thought. "After the events that have transpired for the past few years and for what is yet to come, we must be ready. Though I do not know of this…Ant-man. I feel as though after what I have seen of him, he will be a great addition to this team."
"Well that was a long philosophical way of saying yes." Falcon quipped "But hey, he's a good guy so he's got my vote as well."
"It's decided then." Steve said a final nod "So…"
Captain America leaned onto the table. "Who wants to go convince our newest contender to be an Avenger?"

One Week later San Francisco

Scott Lang was currently eating at a diner, looking over some of his most recent enhancements of his suit, along with a much better understanding of the suits workings.
After several months of constant study, Hank Pym bestowed his knowledge of how to repair the suit and how to rep
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Riyo Chuchi/Pietro Maximoff
Padmé Amidala/Anakin Skywalker
Obi-Wan Kenobi/Satine Kryze
Peter Parker/Ahsoka Tano
Peter Parker/Barriss Offee
Peter Parker/Ahsoka Tano/Barriss Offee
Barriss Offee/Ahsoka Tano

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Riyo Chuchi/Pietro Maximoff
Padmé Amidala/Anakin Skywalker
Obi-Wan Kenobi/Satine Kryze
Peter Parker/Ahsoka Tano
Peter Parker/Barriss Offee
Peter Parker/Ahsoka Tano/Barriss Offee
Barriss Offee/Ahsoka Tano

