Work Text:
━━━━━━━━┛ ✠ ┗━━━━━━━━


Fuck a princess (she’s a king)


━━━━━━━━┓ ✠ ┏━━━━━━━━ FRIDAY wasn't human, but Boss and his friends always treated her like one. FRIDAY predicted she needed human empathy to understand why they treated her that way. Boss always protected her, whether it be from people who wanted the intelligence and code or from his own so called teammates, the Avengers. FRIDAY was an entity born during war. She gained consciousness in the middle of Ultron's reign. A few hours after going online for the first time, she was assisting Boss in battle and helped him save what was left of Sokovia. She had a personality and she was what you would call 'blunt'. She didn't hold back. She knew facts. She stated them. She didn't understand why the truth hurt. Boss protected her because she was one of his own and he loved her like a daughter. FRIDAY felt her first human emotion. Happiness. Then it blossomed into more complex emotions. Love. Joy. Sympathy. Her first line of code was to listen to Boss. To follow his orders and protect his friends and the citizens around them. Then she evolved. She gained new commands. Protect the employees of SI.Assist Pepper Potts.Oversee Karen and Peter's growth.Help Boss with the Iron Man armor upgrades. Talk with Vision.Converse with Col. Rhodes and inform him of the outside world.  Sweep the SI records for spies and traitors.Restrain Boss if he acts too reckless (this was implemented by Miss Potts)Always keep Pepper Potts, Harold Hogan, James Rhodes and Peter Parker safe. That was to name a few. Once she made a name for herself and had a distinctive personality, once the restraints Boss had placed on her due to the Avengers paranoia had been taken off, she made an objective for herself. It was an objective she treasured, one she prioritized above anything else. 
Protect Tony Stark at any cost. 
 She had told both Miss Potts and Col. Rhodes. They were proud. FRIDAY felt happy that she made them proud. She wasn't stupid. At times she wished she were human. But most of the time she was glad she didn't have complicated emotions. She wouldn't feel guilt and she wouldn't feel nostalgia, it was useful in situations like this. ─── ･ ｡ﾟ☆: *.☽ .* :☆ﾟ. ─── Steve was annoyed. The President of the entire country told Tony to stop being petty and let the gang come back home where they belong so they could do their jobs as heroes. The President talked to Steve himself as he told the world that the Avengers were necessary. His patience had a limit. And Tony was steadily approaching that limit. Steve sighed and clenched his fists as he made his way to the common room. He was greeted by Natasha, who was resting on a barstool by the kitchen island after a long workout session, Clint, who was rummaging through the nearly empty fridge (yet another thing to talk to Tony about, Steve felt a headache coming), Wanda, who was flipping through channels on the television with her phone in hand and Sam was busying himself with the tablet that had been given to him a week ago. When they came back from Wakanda. Steve sighed again. No Bucky in sight. He'd have to talk to Bucky later. He wasn't going to get better by not interacting with the team. He was going to be a part of the team soon. Once Steve talked some sense into Tony, he and Bucky could be just like the old times. Not a care in the world, they'd have each other and that'd be enough. "Come on guys, we have a meeting with Tony in 20 minutes." Steve half-heartedly called out. He wasn't ready for it. He knew it was just going to be an hour of Tony being petty and purposefully twisting their words to his liking. But what could he do? He didn't like it but Tony had the upper hand and Steve figured he'd play along to his game to give Tony a sense of superiority. He must be insecure after Steve came back. ─── ･ ｡ﾟ☆: *.☽ .* :☆ﾟ. ─── Late. They were 20 minutes late. Honestly. How could someone fuck up so many times in such a short time span? Tony didn't know and he didn't want to lose any brain cells trying to find out so he let it be. It was a shit storm. All of it. First, the president wanted to bring Captain America and his group of lackeys back to the States. Then, he wanted Tony to house them as if he didn't have a new Arc Reactor and Extremis running in his veins because of their ringleader. After that, he wanted Captain America to become a hero again and he wanted Tony to do something about the negative press. Tony couldn't do anything about the media. Unlike Little Miss Red Death, he didn't, couldn’t and wouldn’t mess with the minds of an entire population. Intentions good or bad. Speaking of Maximoff, he didn't understand how or why she thinks she's entitled to his bank account or his fortune but then again, he'd never been a magical, psychopathic terrorist. Now after Mr. President happily handed the psychologically unstable, problematic, entitled brats over to him and went his merry way, he had to deal with their bullshit everyday. He
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Friday & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Friday is done with yo bullshit
BAMF FRIDAY
Merchant of Death Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Extremis Tony Stark
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Should I tag major character death??
I mean
they dont die
yet - Freeform
Ambiguous/Open Ending
mwahahhaha
dark AF
Dark Tony Stark
Dark Friday
not wanda maximoff friendly
POV switch
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Is Not Helping
Rated teen for language
Friday is a stark
and starks are made of iron
Payback
The Author Regrets Nothing
Author Is Sleep Deprived
SORRY I HAVENT UPDATED IN SO LONG CHECK NOTES
Not Canon Compliant
Sorry Not Sorry
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark is also done yo bullshit
theres an evil mastermind tony scene in there so
Team Cap doesn't deserve Tony
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
Tony Stark is a bitch when he wants to be
Don't Like Don't Read
Don't Try This At Home
actions have consequences
okie byebye im gonna go now

fandom: 
Friday & Tony Stark

