Work Text:
Peter stood beside Ned in the very back of the group in gym class, practically vibrating with nervous energy. 
“Dude, I don’t see the big deal. It’s just some lame self-defense lecture. You could do this stuff in your sleep,” Ned whispered. 
He couldn’t figure out why Peter was freaking out so much. 
“That’s the problem! I can do this stuff in my sleep,” Peter hissed, resisting the urge to flail his arms in despondence. 
“So, why-“
“Because I can’t just turn it off, Ned!” 
He winced when a few people in front of them turned to see what all the noise was about. 
“I can’t just turn it off. Not only does the- the thing tell me when something is coming, I’ve got years of combat training and action under my belt and my body does what it wants. It takes every ounce of my concentration to let Flash actually put his hands on me and let the shit he throws hit me,” Peter explained, dropping his voice to a barely there whisper. 
“Just do the same thing here then.” 
“I’m only able to do it with Flash because I don’t see him as an actual threat. This is a legit self-defense instructor,” Peter paused to look at the man standing at the front of the group, rambling on about his credentials and what he was there to teach.
He had introduced himself as Mr. Reagan, and he was relatively large, not as bulky as Captain America or the Winter Solider, but Peter could tell there was some muscle under the sweatshirt the man was wearing. He wasn’t that old either, maybe in his late 30s. 
Peter couldn’t put his finger on it, but something about the man didn’t sit right with him. His Spidey-Senses had been a low buzz in the back of his mind since he walked into the room. There wasn’t enough to raise any sort of alarm, but it was enough to set him on edge. He just chalked it up to Reagan’s unfamiliarity and experience in fighting. 
He debated on telling Ned, but he didn’t want to raise any unnecessary alarm. There was still the off chance that he was just still burning off the aftereffects of his last mission with the Avengers.
“Yeah, but no matter who it is, you could take him down if you really wanted to,” Ned said. 
Peter only shrugged in response and resigned himself to listening in to the last part of the instructor’s speech. 
“In saying all of that, I’m basically just going to be running few a quick escape tactics, blocks, and holds with you guys, and if you guys do well, I’ll consider some offensive techniques too. How does that sound?” Reagan said with a grin that was all teeth. 
Cheers broke out from the students, causing Peter to flinch at the sudden assault on his ears. Even Ned seemed excited at the idea. 
Reagan started calling on students to demonstrate stances and defense techniques. He went over them in such detail that Peter felt like slamming his head into the nearest wall. Not everyone got to train with Earth’s Greatest Defenders, but he was convinced this dude was just patronizing them. 
After his final demonstration on how to get out of a chokehold, he clapped his hands together and smiled. 
“Excellent job, volunteers! Thank you! Now, I’m going to call each of you up one by one, and we’re going to try it for real. Everyone go ahead and form a single-file line for me.” 
The students all rushed to comply, everyone wanting to be the first one to go. 
Peter made a point to take the back of the line. 
Ned shot him a sheepish smile when he wiggled his way in further up the line. 
“Traitor,” Peter muttered, even though he couldn’t really blame his excitement. 
“Sorry,” Ned mouthed in response before turning to watch the first student try out the moves. 
Peter watched the instructor more than he watched his classmates. The man was very obviously pulling his punches and slowing them down to where anyone could block them. The holds were loose enough where gentle pressure could bust through them. He knew by the looks on each passing teenager that they had a serious confidence boost from their success. 
Of course had to Flash strut off the mat like he was the next Captain America.
After what felt like hours, they were finally getting toward the end of the line. Peter felt a sharp reminder from his senses as he got closer to Reagan. 
“Has no one in here really had a self-defense class before this?” He asked as the second to last student stepped off the mat. 
People started shaking their heads no, but Flash took the opportunity to speak up. 
“Parker has! He’s said that he’s taken them before,” he jeered, pointing at Peter and earning a few laughs from his friends. 
Peter had never mentioned anything of the sort, but he could only guess it was Flash’s way of trying to humiliate him. 
In any other situation, he would have laughed at the irony of it all. 
“Is that so? Good thing you’re next then. Why don’t you show me what you’ve got, son?”
Peter bristled at the nickname, and the gleam in the man’s eye set him on edge. 
He hesitantly walked up to the giant blue foam mat and subconsciously shifted his feet to a subtle fight
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
spiderson
BAMF Peter Parker
Identity Reveal
i hate the ending but oh well
Fluff
peter parker is very strong
peter parker is done with everyone's shit

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

