Chapter 1: Peonies Keep the Hospital Gremlins Away
    




Chapter Text
With an MRI scan in hand, you strutted into Stephen’s office. He set aside his case file and shook his head. “I’m not taking another one of your charity cases.”“Just tell me if it’s possible.”You shoved the scan in front of his face. Furrowing his brow, Stephen relieved the scan from your hand. You didn’t call him a charity case. You didn’t play to his competitive side. You didn’t even attempt to humanize this kid.After examining the scan, Stephen slowly raised his gaze to you.“Yes,” he confirmed. “If they’re good.”“If they’re you?”Stephen passed the scan back to you and drew in a breath. You snatched it from his hand and glared at him.“He’s ten-years-old. Completely fascinated by the inner working of computers. Wants to be an engineer and his current favorite color to paint his nails in periwinkle.”“One condition.”“Doctor Strange.” You rolled your eyes. “I don’t have time to entertain your—”“What’s bothering you?”You crossed your arms, twisting the gold chain around your neck between your thumb and index finger. Stephen could almost see the three-carat (at least, that was his best estimation) diamond ring that was nestled underneath the collar of your scrubs.“I have to change my seating chart. Again. He keeps inviting more people.”“Why doesn’t he change it himself?”“Because he just can’t, okay? He’s busy and I—”“You’re a pediatric surgeon. How could he be busier than you?”“Will you just help me take out this kid’s tumor?”“Yes.”“Thank you.”You stomped to the door and threw it open. But before you left, you spun around and cleared your throat.“You’re still coming, right?”“If space is short…”“Please. I need you two there or I might not survive this.”“Exactly what every bride should say about her wedding day.”But as you bore your eyes into him, Stephen pursed his lips and nodded.“We, we’ll be there.”“I’ll get your schedule from Billy and book an OR.”When the door closed, Stephen rested his elbows on his desk. He ran his hands over his hair and sucked in a breath.Four years.It was just over four years ago that you, quite similarly to today, stormed into his office with a few scans in hand. Flipping through possible case files, Stephen didn’t even look at you.“Billy, I don’t need—”“Doctor Stephen Strange.” That...that certainly was not Billy.Stephen cautiously looked up as you extended your hand. His eyes drifted from your palm to the flower crown upon your head. The pale pink peony blossoms contrasted against your navy scrubs.“I don’t have time for whatever this is,” he grumbled before looking back at his unstimulating case files.As you returned your untouched hand to your scans, Billy rushed through the door and furiously shook his head.“I’m so sorry. She just—”“According to my head nurse, you’re the best neurosurgeon in this hospital."“More like the country,” Billy corrected. “Now, please leave Doctor Strange to—”“So I’m sure clipping an aneurysm is simplistic. Yes?”Stephen started scribbling notes on one of his files.“If you need someone to clip an aneurysm, even Doctor West should be competent enough to complete the job.”“For a six-year-old?”He stopped writing. “Pediatric cerebral aneurysms are…”“Rare.” Billy stared at you. “Rarer than rare.”“Posterior circulation. Three centimeters.” You handed Stephen the scan. “Could rupture any moment. That is...unless you step in.”Stephen leaned his head back and scrutinized your face.“You’re the new head of pediatric surgery.”“Correct.”“And the flowers are for…”“Warding off hospital gremlins. Obviously.”“West should be good enough for you.”He gestured to the door. But even as Billy tugged at your arm, you smiled and shook your head. “Oh, you’re one of those neuro guys.”“Billy, get her out of here.”“You only take on the flashy cases. For the sake of your reputation. The only success rate you care about concerns the patients who enter your OR. But if they judged by the number of case files that graced your desk, they would see you can only get it up for what? One in every thousand cases?”“Because anyone else could do the other nine-hundred and ninety-nine. But only I can do—”“I’m sorry you’re limp today, Doctor Strange. I’m sure Doctor West will have something more impressive for me.” Two hours later, you leaned over the sink of OR 4 to scrub in for surgery. You grinned at Nicodemus West with a smile that could melt hearts.“She loves origami. Determined to make a thousand paper cranes to get that wish. She finished Crane 566 before they prepped her.”“You came here from Hopkins?”“Correct.”But before he could ask a follow-up question, Stephen stormed into the prep area and shoved West aside.“Strange! I’m going to have to—”“Leave. I’m taking care of this.”“Doctor Strange.” You nodded to him before receiving your gown and gloves.He grumbled your name, having only learned it after Billy looked you up in the hospital directory. With your mask on, you entered the OR.It wasn’t long until Stephen was standin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Stephen Strange/Reader
Stephen Strange/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
Pre-Doctor Strange (2016)
Pining
Banter
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Smut
some stephen strange/christine palmer
Wedding Planning
Medical Procedures
Patient death
Oblivious Stephen Strange
Clueless Reader
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Jealous Stephen Strange
Idiots in Love
Playboy Tony Stark
Christine Palmer Deserves Better
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con

fandom: 
Stephen Strange/Reader
Stephen Strange/Original Female Character(s)

