Chapter 1: Delivery of Doom?
    




Chapter Text
The hustle and bustle of the corner deli washed over Emma as she scurried from one table to the next. Clearing and cleaning plates, trash and leftover food. Wasteful. That one word was her only thought as she bussed a table where the food was barely touched. Her stomach grumbled in protest as she shoved the plate with the almost full serving of fries and half a sandwich into the big tote on her trolley that carried all the other remains of waste and dinner ware.Barely making minimum wage in a city like New York made her appreciate everything she had. Every meal was precious and never taken for granted. She did not have much, but what she did have she was thankful for. She lived a little over an hour walk from her work in a run-down studio apartment that barely left her room enough to think let alone live. But she was grateful for the roof over her head, even if the ceiling sported some mold. She was grateful for her running water, even if the temperature never ran above lukewarm. She was also grateful for her electricity that kept her warm, especially with-it nearing November and the temperature was dropping rapidly at night. Of course, that depended on if she could pay her bill that month. If not, she had plenty of thread bare quilts she had purchased from good will over the years. Food was the only oddity in her situation. After paying on her bills, the budget did not stretch much farther. But tonight, she could be grateful for the fact that the little grocery store she frequents had off brand chicken and stars for sale the night before. She would have something in her belly when she went to sleep and that was a blessing.Pulled from her musings by a thoughtless shove against her shoulder, Emma moved on to the next table. She barely paid any mind to the businessman screaming on his cell phone that had carelessly bumped into her. He did not turn around and she did not acknowledge him. These things happened all to often to Emma. When one tries to make themselves as invisible as possible, they take no offense if someone doesn’t see them. That is their goal after all. Emma had perfected the art over the years. Hunched shoulders, loose clothing, eyes to the ground, no confrontations and no socializing. She was sure her mind set had to do with her less than stellar childhood and subsequent teenage and adult years, but she did not want to ruminate on that line of thought. At twenty-three she thought she was doing okay for herself. Roof, water, sometimes electric…yeah, she was doing alright.Glancing out one of the many windows the corner deli sported, she could tell that her shift was close to ending. Sometimes if the owner was feeling generous, he would let her stay on to work a double for some extra cash. But that was few and far in between. The owner, Brian, was not the best of guys. He was kind of seedy and Emma was almost convinced he was running some kind of an illegal business out the back of the deli. Again though, none of her business. She was just here for her paycheck. And although she worked seven am to five pm, she was sure he was also shorting her on her checks. She never said anything to that either because, well, confrontation. No thanks.As she was bussing her final table of the night, Emma started to let herself be a little happy to get back to her apartment. She was looking forward to her soup and getting out of her worn sneakers, the heel was starting to chafe the back of her ankle. She’d have to look into that soon.“Hey you!” Emma continued to finish cleaning the table because no one ever spoke to her, so surely the exclamation was aimed elsewhere. Until she heard, “Hey, bus girl! I’m talking to you!” Emma slowly put her cloth down on the cleaning trolley and turned towards the bar where Brian was standing, an impatient look on his face.“Fucking finally, I was hollering at you for like ten fucking minutes.” This was mumbled as he promptly waved her towards him with a brusque movement of his arm. Emma flushed, because she knew he only hollered for her twice and that had already led to the few customers that occupied the deli to look in her direction. God, she hated being the center of attention.She shuffled over to Brian as he bobbed his head in agitation, she was sure at her slow and awkward gait. When she at last reached the bar, he plopped down a huge paper bag that was as tall as her torso and blandly stated, “Delivery.”This was enough to make her shoot her head up and stare at him incredulously. Her mouth opened and closed uselessly for a few minutes before she choked out, “I don’t do deliveries.” She winced immediately after because it sounded petulant instead of factual.Brian was not impressed, and his face said so. She winced again and looked back down to the toes of her shoes. She heard an annoyed sigh and felt the air of it brush across her head.“The guy who does ‘em is out sick. I ain’t sending my waitresses. You’re always begging for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
briefly - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Romantic Soulmates
Angst
Insecurity
Poor Character
Childhood Trauma
Feels
Fluff
Slow Burn
at least I will try to make it a slow burn
non-canon
Because of Reasons
I don't want to deal with any timline but my own
Older Man/Younger Woman
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Adult Content
Pepper is not the nicest
Drama
Complete
Do not copy to another site!

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
briefly - Relationship

