Work Text:
 Sometimes Bucky looks at Steve and wonders how the hell he ever got so lucky. He wonders who he has to thank upstairs for putting them together, living close enough on the streets of Brooklyn to be classmates and best friends for as long as he can remember, walking through life side by side no matter what comes their way. He thinks about two seeds falling to the ground, taking root and maturing, roots so twisted up that there’s no way to tell them apart, branches entwined and trunks spiraling in gentle arcs towards each other and the sky.He’s seen trees like that once before. When he’d taken Steve out hiking (a surprise for his birthday) and had stopped dead in his tracks when he caught sight of them towering overhead. The pictures he’d taken are still in his phone, had been his background for weeks-- until he replaced them with a picture of Steve messing around on a swingset, head tipped back and laughing at something Bucky’d said.Now, Steve’s face is focused, held close to the book in his lap with a furrow between his brows, bottom lip bitten between his teeth and looking entirely too perfect for Bucky to fathom.He turns back to his own book, The History of Revolution: How the World Split and Reformed, and he’s just gotten to the part where Napoleon’s failing epically in Russia. (Like all other military attempts to invade the Mother Land.) He snorts under his breath and turns back to Steve. “Hey,” he leans back in his chair and reaches into the empty space between them.Steve looks up at him with an arched eyebrow, glint of hypo-allergenic steel against pale skin. “Aren’t you supposed to be studying?”Bucky spares a disdainful glance for his textbook. “Yeah, but I already know all this shit. You’re much more interesting.” He rocks a bit farther back in his chair, holding onto his desk with one hand for balance. “So how do you say You’re a fucking idiot for invading Russia in French? Because I’m pretty sure someone should’ve told that to Napoleon.”“Tu es fou si tu penses que je vais dignifier ça d'une réponse.”“Fuck,” Bucky groans, dropping his weight back down onto the ground. “I love it when you do that. I don’t even know what you said but...something about dignify? You’re being smart with me, I know you are.”Steve just shrugs thin shoulders, smug curl to his lips as he ducks back to his reading. “Crétin.”And Bucky knows that one, has heard it often enough to know when he’s being called a dumbass in that affectionately snarky way Steve has. “Fine, have it your way. Don’t speak English. I’ll just talk to myself and you’ll still be forced to listen.”He kicks his backpack to the side so he can stand up and turn around, flopping back down with his arms on the back of the chair and his legs straddling the seat. “Should probably start with how fucking cute you looked this morning, had to force myself out the door. Just wanted to crawl back in bed with you, crusty old tsars be damned. But then I remembered how Dr. Holstein gets if you skip a lecture and thought better of it. After all, can’t cuddle you if I’m dead.”At that, Steve finally looks up. Stares at Bucky like he’s just finished reading twelve pages from the encyclopedia Britannica-- unabridged version. Bucky’s not dissuaded.“Turned out to be a pretty good class, too, even if I spent half of it scrolling through pictures of you on my phone.”Steve goes slightly pink at that, the way he always does when Bucky says something so ridiculously sappy. But Bucky’s not the least bit ashamed, he’s come to terms with the fact that he’s completely, irrevocably, stupidly in love with one Steven Grant Rogers and embraced it. Says offhand comments easily as breathing because his love for Steve is natural as breathing, like a part of him, some instinctive response that has his heart constricting in his chest whenever Steve walks into his line of sight.“Shut up,” Steve grumbles. “Professor should’ve caught you. Delinquent.”“But I’m your delinquent,” Bucky smirks, “And if we’re speaking English again, and by we I mean you, do you wanna go grab some dinner? Or, if you’re that busy, do you want me to bring something in?”There’s a moment when Steve turns to the books stacked by his bed, gauges them with critical eyes while flicking absently at the pages of the textbook in his lap. “We can go out.” He says. “But I need to finish reading this first. J’ai un examen demain et je ne peux pas le rater. Donc, s’il te plait, tais-toi pour cinq seconds.”Tais-toi, Bucky knows that one as well, and gets up with a sigh to start rummaging around the room, grabbing his wallet and Steve’s key and putting both of them in his back pocket. Steve flicks past another page. His lip is back between his teeth and that furrow’s returned to his brow. (Bucky has to physically stop himself from reaching forward to smooth it away, knows Steve needs to focus because once he’s in the zone he tends to stay there. Unlike Bucky, who goes from zero to fifty to ninety to twenty all in the space of a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Skinny Steve
Punk Steve Rogers
Slice of Life
Fluff
Established Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

