Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
You pressed your nose against the frosted window, admiring the breathtaking view of Asgard covered by a blanket of fresh snow. When you had watched Loki and his men leave by horseback the snow had layered on so thick it went halfway up the animals legs. Your prince was a stubborn man, you and his accomplices knew that quite well, so they stayed silent as they continued onward through the snow. You sighed and pulled your fur overcoat closer, turning from the window to the empty hallway of the palace.
You were bored, the palace was practicality empty as Thor had been in Midgard for something or another, Odin and Frigga had been too wrapped up in a civil war going on in one of the realms, so they had been held up in meetings for what seemed like weeks. You trudged down the winding staircase to the library, nearly sulking as you entered. The scent of old parchment paper and ink wafted in through your nose as you combed silently through the bookshelves. You weren't entirely interested in reading much of anything, you missed your prince as he hadn't been very attentive these past few weeks. Always off with the high councilors or Odin, trying to prove his readiness for the throne.
You puffed out your cheeks and grabbed a silver book off the shelf, not even bothering to look at the cover. You plopped down on the plush, lilac colored sofa and pulled your legs in and opened the cover. You read the first line and groaned so loudly a few maids gave you an odd look as they scuttled past. Of course you had picked out a soppy, tragic love story. Your mood dropped as you stomped back between the shelves, slamming the book into its rightful place, only to be interrupted by two hands wrapping around your waist.
You gasped while talented fingers walked their way up to the tie that held your coat together at your shoulders, pulling it open and brushing the exposed skin tenderly with his nails.
"I thought you had left" you mumbled as the familiar warmth of his lips pressed behind your ear.
"Mmm, too much snow. Horses couldn't get through it" he replied before taking your earlobe between his teeth.
You grinded your backside into him while he peeled off your overcoat and flung it to the side. You spun yourself around to face him, his hands slid down to the back of your thighs, pulling you into his torso. You smiled as his lips claimed your own, nipping and suckling at your bottom lip until you allowed him access to your mouth. You wrapped your arms around his neck, massaging your fingers into his raven locks, tugging them gently. 
"Someone's a little feisty today" he chuckled as you broke the kiss to attack his neck with your mouth.
You bit down on the skin under his jawline while your hands worked their way down to his half erect bulge. He let out a hiss as you trailed the edges of your teeth down his throat, stopping at the base of his neck.
"You've been absent as of late" you said before biting down on his neck.
He let out a baritone moan, causing the heat between your legs to radiate through your whole body. You fumbled with his pants, aggressively pulling at the zipper before it succumbed to your shaking hands. You dropped to your knees, hooking your fingers into the waistband of his pants and bringing them down with you. He let out a quiet gasp as his cock sprang free, thick and throbbing for you. You licked your lips and circled your hand around the base of his cock and began pumping it while your lips danced around the tip.
Loki dug his fingers into your hair, massaging your scalp as you flicked your tongue along the bottom of his cock, eliciting a strangled moan from his throat. You could feel yourself getting wetter, your clit was beginning to swell with anticipation as you brought Loki’s cock all the way into your mouth. He moaned and began thrusting his hips forward, removing one hand from your hair to brace himself against the bookshelf. You bobbed and sucked him mercilessly, pumping your hand with the rhythm of his hips. You changed your angle to take him in deeper, relaxing your muscles as his tip hit the back of your throat, his grip tightened on your hair as he cursed and bucked wildly.   
Your wetness was now dripping down your thighs as you pleasured your prince, you had begun to snake your hand down to the hem of your skirt until Loki pulled out of your mouth abruptly. You looked into his lust filled eyes, his cheeks were pink and his forehead brimmed with sweat. He yanked you up by your shoulders and attacked your neck with harsh kisses. He suckled at your tender flesh while his hands yanked your dress up, and swooped under it to clutch at your thighs.
He picked you up and slammed your back against the books while his mouth ran rampant across your chest and collar bone. You gripped onto the shelf behind you as he hoisted your legs up higher, his hands finding their way under your knees so that they were nearly level with your shoulders.
He pressed his cock against you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
lokixreader
Smut
Shameless Smut
Library Sex
Public Blow Jobs
Sorry Not Sorry
Light Bondage
Vaginal Sex
Loki Does What He Wants
Snow
Snowed In
Voyeurism
Public Sex
Rough Sex
Spanking
Oral Sex
Light BDSM
Dom/sub
Explicit Sexual Content
Sex Toys
Clones
Threesome - F/M/M
Teasing
Nipple Play
Masturbation
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Vibrators
Ice Play
Anal Sex
Blindfolds
gag ball
Anal Fingering
Hair-pulling
Sex in Snow
Snow and Ice
Sexual Fantasy

fandom: 
Loki/Reader

