Chapter 1: Fairytale AU
    




Chapter Text
Peter woke up from his sleep to a the sound of a crackling fire. For a brief moment, he smiled at the extra warmth before it dawned on him...someone else was here. The 18 year old shot up in the bed and saw someone sitting on the floor, poking at the fireplace. It looked like a man, admittedly a very handsome one, with light brown hair that was slicked back, pale blue eyes, chiseled features, a short beard and a muscular physique...and also....wolf ears and a tail?  Peter's eyes widened as the man stood up, showing just how much taller he was than the boy. Peter had heard stories about a dangerous wolf that lurked deep in these woods but he never expected this to be it. Peter opened his mouth to say something but the wolf man's hand came down and covered his mouth, also forcing his back down onto to bed again. "Well, just my luck..." the wolf smiled, eyes piercing through the terrified teen under him. "I was out for hours looking for something to eat and when I come home, I find a little intruder sleeping in MY bed. Give me a reason not to kill you and eat that pretty face of yours for dinner." The wolf removed his hand to let the boy speak but still stayed on top of him to prevent escape."I...I'm s-sorry, sir." Peter replied, trying to keep his voice steady despite his fear. "I g-got lost and it was getting late and i-it was so cold. I thought this was an abandoned cabin in the middle of nowhere. I just needed rest and somewhere warm." As Peter talked, the wolf's eyes wandered over his face and body. A yelp escaped him as the older man leaned in started sniffing at his neck and hair. He still continued to plead though. "I-I'll leave right now! I'll leave a-and I'll never t-t-tell anyone! I promise!""It's been a long time since I had something so pretty to play with." The older man moaned into Peter's neck, causing the boy to shiver. The wolf sat back up, still straddling the boy but this time his expression was different, no longer angry but hungry looking. Peter could feel the wolf's tail thumping at his legs as it wagged excitedly. He gave Peter a grin, showing sharp and ivory white teeth. "You can call me Beck, honey. I'll let you go after you do something for me."------"That's it. Lift up your hips just like that." Peter did as Beck instructed. He could only pray that this monster keeps his word after this is over. He held back his fear and humiliation as he laid on the bed, completely naked and face down with his ass in the air for this man. He jumped slightly as it put it's hands on him, caressing his sides before moving down to his hips and then the back of his thighs. He could feel Beck's hot breath on his lower back which made his skin crawl and his heart pound. "You really are a pretty little thing. You have a name, honey?""P-Peter." the teen said, face buried in a pillow to hide his fear and tears. Beck draped himself over the boy, his clothed cock brushing against Peter's bare ass and his mouth now next to his ear. "Don't be scared, Peter. I'll make you feel so good..."Beck pulled back and put his hands on Peter's ass, chuckling at the small yelp the smaller man made at that. Peter felt his cheeks being spread and was already bracing himself for the worst when he felt something hot and wet go over his hole. Peter couldn't stop the moans from escaping his mouth as the man behind him continued lapping at his tight hole. Beck's tongue was longer than Peter would've thought, or at least it felt that way as the hot muscle continued to lick and prod him. "P-Please...It feels w-weird..." He panted as Beck pulled him closer and continued to eat him out, licking and lapping at his hole like it was the most delicious candy he'd ever tasted. Peter put his hands over his mouth in an attempt to silence his moans. This was humiliating enough. He didn't want actually get pleasure from this assault.Beck pulled his face away wiped the drool from his face with his sleeve. "You're a virgin. I can taste it." Peter's cock twitched at that, horrifying Peter all the more. "That's disgusting!" He snapped back at the wolf before Beck pushed his thumb in the now wet hole. "Agh!...nnngh..." The boy buried his face back into the pillow as shame washed over him. The wolf replaced his thumb with his index and middle finger, pumping into the boy and stretching him out."You can whine all you want but it's obvious you like this. You may be a virgin but you're a perverted little thing, aren't you. Actually being turned on by getting abused." Beck smiles as he watched the boy under him start to sob and clutch at the sheets. "I...I c-can't help it." a weak little sob escaped him as beck removed his fingers and lined his cock up to the tight hole.Peter screamed and tried to crawl away as Beck impaled him on his large cock. It was way to big for Peter to handle and with only this monster's spit as lube, the burn was very much there. Beck grabbed his hips and held him still as he fully sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Brock Rumlow
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Quentin Beck Being a Jerk
Top Quentin Beck
Bottom Peter Parker
Drabbles
Rimming
Creampie
fairytale AU
Highschool AU
Sexual Harassment
quentin beck is a creep
blowjob
Prison AU
drugged
Post-Spider-Man: Far From Home
Trauma
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
brock rumlow - Freeform
Double Penetration in One Hole
while there is spideypool
there is no non-con between spideypool
in fact wade is the one saving peter from beck in a lot of these

fandom: 
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Brock Rumlow
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker/Brock Rumlow

