Chapter 1: God bless metal arms
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It had always been a one-sided type of love. The kind of relationship that made you squirm uncomfortably and your cheeks burn with embarrassment when you recalled those lovesick days spent devoted to a complete and utter asshole of a person. And completely devoted she had been, Jordyn Pace had been nothing short of starry-eyed, naïve and utterly enthralled with Lorne Dupree. Lorne was such a stupid name, now that she thought of it and she hated the way she had written it idiotically over and over on any scrap of paper nearby while she had daydreamed of her moments with him.That had been until she had caught him in bed with the perky barista that made him his morning whatever-the-hell-spiced latté drink. Jordyn pulled her ponytail tighter at the thought of the moans that had echoed down the marble floor of the hallway to Lorne’s bedroom. She wasn’t supposed to be there. She had been out of town for an academic conference, but had come a day early home because she had just missed him too much to concentrate on much after she had given her presentation. With a shaky hand she had opened the bedroom door even though she knew what she would find on the other end of it, but she had held on to some tiny irrational hope that maybe, at just past midnight it wouldn’t be what she feared. Maybe he was watching a porn, maybe he was stuck in some kind of tantric yoga position, ANYTHING, but another woman.The smell of sex was overwhelming as soon as the door had opened. ‘They had been at this for a while.’ She had thought dumbly standing there in the doorway like a statue. That beautiful red hair she loved to run her fingers through currently had another woman’s hands in it, grabbing it, to be precise. Those broad tan shoulders she fell asleep against were currently straining with effort as Lorne rolled his hips and cock erratically into someone who was decidedly not Jordyn. ‘Fuck his skinny dick.’ Jordyn fumed thinking back to his “Baby, please, this is not what it looks like.” When she had heard that terrible line from him as he leapt naked from the bed she had thrown a vase at his head. Too bad that vase had missed the mark and had only shattered on the wall behind him. Jordyn vowed to take throwing lessons as soon as she was able.“Who even names their kid Lorne? What even is that?” She huffed shifting her messenger back on her hip as she walked quickly down the street to her favorite study spot, The Muddy Kettle.As Lorne had loved to point out to her during their relationship, The Muddy Kettle, was nothing special. When she had pulled him eagerly through the door he had all but sneered, but this place was so very much hers. She loved this place with its chipped Formica table tops, slow moving blue haired waitresses and constant supply of oldies playing from the speakers a painstakingly restored jukebox that was all sweeping angles, soft lights and gleaming chrome.Lorne could have his sleek and low-lit trendy coffee houses that charged an arm and a leg for a coffee. Those stupid places with their imported beans and over chocolaty drinks and whip cream that to Jordyn should discount them from even being referred to as caffeine. More like dessert, she thought still keeping her fast pace and to hell with dessert because that was what Lorne always insisted they have first before a meal. He had always taken her to the very best that money could buy and she had thought it his way of spoiling her, showing her that she was special, when he demanded the chef serve dessert first. Now she knew it was nothing more than a power trip staring Lorne and the thought pushed her down the sidewalk, a trickle of sweat ran down her cheek and she batted at it impatiently.“Fuck dessert.” She muttered.Jordyn was still silently wishing a good maiming on Lorne for his cheating dick when she pushed open The Muddy Kettle’s doors and slipped inside to the cool air conditioning that so thankfully soothed her Alabama sun kissed skin. It might be September but someone apparently forgot to tell the god of Alabama that and now in her last year of her Master’s degree the all too stifling heat of the early fall was making her sweat. Thankfully, The Muddy Kettle was ready to receive her and most of all, cool her down.She stepped into the bright diner with a sigh and started moving towards her usual booth with even and sure steps. Sliding into the low, red upholstered seat she immediately felt at ease and began to pull her books and laptop from her bag without a second thought. Delilah, her usual waitress and matron of wisdom moved towards her with a smile and asked with one hip out, “The usual, doll face?”“You bet. I need to get some serious work done today, so let’s get this show on the road, love bug.” Jordyn grinned up at the older woman who winked at her and sashayed without a moment’s hesitation.Jordyn settled into her routine wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Bucky Barnes Is A Sex God
Gratuitous Smut
Porn With Plot
Banter
Up all night to get Bucky
dominate bucky
Protective Bucky Barnes
aggressive bucky
there will literally be so much sex
graduate students need love too
Steve Rogers is a damn smooth ass dancer
Steve was too sexy to ignore
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
shameless nicknames abound
dominate steve rogers
t3
i never meant for the T3 but here we are
Steve Rogers is sort of in charge
captain's orders
Oops

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

