Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony was falling.The next thing he knew, he wasn’t.His vision filled with the crackle of green electricity, and he felt more than heard his heart start. The sharpness of it all made his chest seize and he instinctively gasped in a breath, which came out a ragged cough. But he was breathing at least, which was a definite bonus. He opened his eyes, realizing that the faceplate of his suit had gone missing, and found himself staring up at his savior.“Are all humans this crazy?” Loki inquired. “Or are you a special breed?”“What?” Tony said dazedly. It belatedly occurred to him that they were still moving, and he looked around in confusion as they stopped.Loki was holding the Iron Man armor, and therefore Tony himself, bridal style in his arms. They were standing on one of the streets in New York that had definitely seen better days. Tony looked up at the sky instinctively but couldn’t see anything aside from endless blue and fluffy white clouds. The portal was gone now like it had never existed. The only evidence that the battle had happened was the carnage around them, the dead alien bodies laying around, and the god holding Tony like a princess.“Did you… save me?” Tony asked, blinking slowly as his brain struggled to put two and two together. It sounded ludicrous, but it was the only explanation he could think of. He’d been falling, then there was Loki, and now he wasn’t falling. “Yes, I did,” said Loki. “Uh… why?” Tony said slowly. He wasn’t sure if he should be trying to repulsor Loki in the face or what. The seemingly calm way that Loki was acting right now was so at odds with how Loki had been before. There were no threats, no vows to carve out Tony’s heart, no attempts at brainwashing, no throwing Tony through a window with no care for how far away the ground was.Why the hell would Loki save him from falling when like two hours ago, he’d tried to kill Tony the same way?“Because your Hulk saved me,” Loki said, and Tony looked up at his face. He remembered thinking before that it was pretty unfair that someone so psychotic could be so pretty. Loki’s blue eyes had been almost the same color as the arc reactor.Blue eyes.No, green eyes.“Oh fuck,” Tony said, realization settling in. “You were brainwashed, weren’t you?”Loki gave him a small smile. “You’re smarter than you look,” he said, and somehow managed to make that sound like a compliment.He set Tony down on the ground and honestly, if it weren’t for the armor, Tony probably would’ve fallen over. His whole body was one solid ache from toe to head, though the biggest concentration of pain was definitely centered around his chest. He put a hand to the arc reactor and wondered if the green electricity he remembered had come from Loki. Probably. If so, Loki had actually saved Tony’s life twice over.“Your Hulk hit me in the head multiple times. That was enough to free me,” Loki continued. He stood there with his hands loose at his sides. With his helmet gone, it was hard to believe that he’d been waging war against Earth not thirty minutes ago.“Hulk is good at smashing,” Tony said. “Thor didn’t say anything about you being brainwashed.”Loki sighed. “Thor and I parted on unusual terms,” he said stiffly. “He probably didn’t realize.”“Unusual terms, huh?” Tony repeated. “That code for ‘my brother is a dick’?”That startled another smile out of Loki. He really did have a nice smile, Tony thought. Kind of reserved, a little bit shy, but genuine. If he had been brainwashed, then he was handling it really well – unless he wasn’t, and he was just pretending that he was fine. That’s what Tony would have done if their situations were reversed.He looked around at the street again and tried to think this through. Okay, so Loki was claiming that he’d been brainwashed. Considering the scepter seemed to have the power to brainwash anyone touched by it, and Loki had been carrying it around, that made sense. But that also posed the more important question of just who had been the person to brainwash Loki. That meant there was something deeper at play. Something powerful enough to get one over on a god.Tony had the sinking feeling that he really did not want to know who that someone was.“Stark! Stark, where are you?”The sound of Romanov’s voice made Tony jump. The armor tilted precariously. Loki’s arm shot out and grasped Tony’s arm, gently steadying the armor again until Tony wasn’t at risk of falling over. Tony looked at him in surprise and had just opened his mouth to say thank you when suddenly the street was flooded with cops, SHIELD agents, and a couple Avengers.“Take your hands off of Iron Man and get down on your knees! Hands behind your head!” a SHIELD agent barked.“Wait!” Tony shouted, moving in front of Loki. “He was brainwashed. Loki is not the enemy here.”That announcement got him looks of disbelief from pretty much everyone there. Romanov was the only one who moved; she had a streak of blood down her right cheek and her eyes were a little 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Avengers (2012)
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Miscommunication
Polyamory Negotiations
Polyamory
Threesome - M/M/M
characters in the MCU need to learn to use their words
Not Captain America Friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Natasha Romanov Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
what's that oh look my salt is back
let's be honest it never left
Steve Rogers is too stubborn for his own good
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Mentions of brainwashing
Loki (Marvel) was brainwashed
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Tony Stark Has Issues
but they figure their shit out
Time Skips
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

