Work Text:
“Why don’t you just ask him to dance” Your friend suggested as she took a sip from her drink.“Who?” You ask startled by her directing the conversation to you, you had been nodding along to what she had been saying but not really listening too hard.“Don’t give me that. The guy you’ve been looking at for at least twenty minutes. The same one who has been eyeing you for just as long, if not longer.” She raises her eyebrow, not letting your obvious staring go without comment.“I just really like his costume, that’s all. Plus, we’re both wearing masks, we don’t even know what the other looks like. He could be a murderer.” You say looking down at your drink, not even believing your own words.“Oh please, you more than like his costume, and your obviously not that concerned he could kill you with the way you keep clenching those thighs. But even if he was, so what, it adds a layer of mystery and you needa get laid anyway.” You go to interrupt her and argue that you didn’t but she just gave you a look that shut you right up and continued, “Girl, this couldn’t be a better no strings situation, you don’t even have to look at him. Plus, have you seen the way that costume fits. If he didn’t have his eye so obviously on you I woulda gone to see how sturdy that suit really is.” She licks her lip seductively. Nodding absentmindedly as you returned your gaze to his, you don’t even realize that you were squeezing around nothing once again, getting turned on by just the sight of him alone. His costume fit like a glove and did wonders for him but there was something about him, an aura of familiarity almost, but that couldn’t be, he was far too good looking to be anyone you frequented. She continued “Trust me, that body alone is worth climbing even if he is a hideous monster underneath.”“It’s more that he could be a psychopath, but I guess you’re right.” Chugging, the rest of your drink back in one gulp, you go to make your way across the bar filled with various costumes.Hearing your friend faintly say, “Well if he is, at least your ex gave you experience in that regard, so you can handle it.” Flashing her a special finger without turning back, you weave in-between all the various costumes dancing in different stages of drunk or drugged having fun and enjoying the party.The Winter Soldier you had been looking at was watching you approach, his eyes one of the only visible aspects with the mask covering him and what happened to be an amazing smile you learned moments later. “Dance with me?” You ask. He grinned holding his hand out and letting you drag him to the middle of the dance floor to get lost in the crowd together. Turning around so your back was facing him, you begin rolling your hips to the music. Allowing the beat to lead you and flow through you the way it always does. Which is why you have to resist flinching when you feel his arms reach around you and press right up against you, but soon enough the beat takes hold and guides you back to just feeling free.Continuing your movements against his costume, grinding up and feeling as his length starts to harden and presses up against your ass. You make sure your dance moves are being done at just the right angle to keep stimulating him and still being in tune with the beat. His hands-on your hips, dig in with the increase in pressure but give you absolute free reign, allowing you to dance against him however you liked.

Your eyes closing on their own, enjoying how he felt against you and just the weight of him on your ass, wishing he would just shove it inside you right there on that dance floor. He felt too thick and large for you to take though and that thought alone has you shivering in anticipation. His face finds a place in your neck and his lips begin trailing across, easily finding that spot that would’ve had you melting right there for him, but once he saw you shudder he didn’t focus on it just yet, instead choosing to indulge his desire in tormenting you through your neck. It was turning you on, you weren’t gonna lie, especially the anonymity of it, not knowing who this was, and being in such a huge crowd felt exhilarating. You were also wearing a mask and that made you feel like you could do anything, and no one would know who you were.The Winter Soldier slid one of his hands lower on your stomach to the crotch of your bodysuit, fingering your lips through the material. Giving you slight chills but not moving to stop him even though he paused giving you the option too. When you didn’t do anything, he continued creeping lower until his fingers were slipping under the edge of the suit.A low growl fell from him and if his mouth hadn’t been against your neck you wouldn’t have even noticed, but the sound alone made you feel like you had discovered a new kink. The idea that he enjoyed feeling how wet your bodysuit had gotten for him enough for that sound to escape him, had you wanting a lot more than those fingers. All you could do in response was wrap your arm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
James "Bucky" Barnes and Y/n
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Smut
NSFW
NSFW GIF
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Fingering In Public
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
being watched
Nun watching
Hook-Up
Stranger Sex
Club Sex
Halloween
Halloween Costumes
Bathroom Sex
Wall Sex
Against counter sex
Rough Sex
Rough Kissing
on counter sex
looking in mirror sex
Dancing
Dirty Dancing
Grinding
Surprises
sleeping with who you shouldn't
inappropriate relationships
Taboo Relationships
Surprise Ending
reveal during sex
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier costume
batgirl costume
Porn
porn gif
girl masturbating to them
random girl masturbating
Masks
Party
Clubbing
sex gifs
Erotic gifs
Animated GIFs
nsfw gifs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
James "Bucky" Barnes and Y/n
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Character(s)

