Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Thor woke in midnight darkness, a slow surfacing from his dreams, to a shift of movement on the bed with him. However, Thor knew he had gone to bed alone. And when he had gone to bed, with his vision blurred on the edges from an evening well spent with mead and laughter in the feasting hall, he had sprawled out bare, covered only to the waist with a light sheet after shucking away his clothes and collapsing face-first onto his pillow, enjoying the cool air on his skin. He was definitely no longer alone. The mattress was tilted slightly from the weight of another body, and he strained his ears to hear the slightest whispers of skin and cloth. Whoever it was moved with cautious grace, obviously taking care not to wake him. Thor held himself entirely still, nervous thrills rushing through him.His eyelids threatened to flutter and his muscles wanted to tense; he wanted desperately to see what was happening next to him, but he could not allow his body to betray any sign that he had awoken. Loki did not come to him like this often. Adrenalin rushed through Thor’s veins, drawing a tracery of fire throughout his body, but there was the sense of a dream to it, a deep relaxation of lingering sleepiness. He did not know for certain what would come next.Still, it took everything he had not to jump when Loki’s hand touched him, fingers lightly delving and stroking in the place where the backs of his thighs met the curve of his ass. And the touch made him suddenly aware of a sheen of warm wetness there—between his buttocks, trailing over his balls and even dripping down to the base of his cock. With a shock he realized, understood why. Loki’s well-slicked fingers had already slipped inside and prepared him before he woke. The thought made his heart pound, thumping against his ribs so hard he was amazed that Loki couldn’t hear it. Loki had fingered him while he slept, touching him, pressing inside him while he was unaware. He had to stifle a gasping breath at the knowledge.As he lay there silently, he felt Loki moving slowly, cautiously, to straddle his legs and slide his prick along the wetness between them. Felt the soft, warm breath Loki huffed brushing between his shoulder blades. Of course Loki knew he was a heavy sleeper, sometimes needing to be dragged out of bed by his toes in the mornings. Of course Loki knew he could come while Thor slept and do whatever he wished with his body. Did Loki take him like this, Thor wondered, merely because he could? Thor felt Loki’s hand spreading him and felt the slippery touch of Loki’s cock as he aligned himself with Thor’s body, and he forced down the urge to tense as the thick head was pressed against him, threatening to enter him at any moment. Or did Loki also thrill at the knowledge of how vulnerable Thor was in his slumber, his inability to resist? Did it arouse Loki to think that, come morning, Thor would wake none the wiser, passing off stray memories as mead-born dreams, and would meet Loki’s gaze ignorant of what had been done to him? Did it cause Loki’s prick to harden and his breath to hitch at the thought of Thor going about all unaware that he had been claimed and used and conquered? Thor suppressed the shiver that ran through him; Loki had paused just there, just about to push inside, and the feeling of anticipation made heat bloom through Thor's loins until it almost drove him crazy.Sleepy lethargy lingered in Thor’s muscles; the dark of his eyelids protected him. If he were awake, he would have no choice but to stop this. He would have to throw Loki off, violently, take some sort of retribution for this violation of his body. But if he was asleep, he could let Loki slip a hand under his belly to so subtly rutch up his hips for a better angle, the splayed fingers coming so deliciously close to grazing his erection. If he was asleep, he could lie passive and still as Loki’s cock slid into his ass, inch by agonizing inch, stretching him in a way that might have been painful if it weren’t for the utterly relaxed state of his body. Thor quashed the loud groan that threatened to spill from his lips at Loki’s long, slow plunge deep into him, exerted all his control to keep his limbs loose and his eyes softly shut, to force himself not to clutch at the sheets and to keep his face sleep-blank as Loki settled in above him, buried to the hilt and clearly holding himself steady as he adjusted to the pleasure of it. He felt Loki stroking his fingers hesitantly down the tender skin of Thor’s sides, as if he were soothing him, or testing him.And then Loki started moving, fucking him deep and slow, staying silent enough that Thor had to control even the speed of his breaths if he wanted to keep his waking a secret. It was the sort of fucking that he could mistake for a dream, except that Loki’s cock practically burned in him and he felt he was already about to come from the intensity, how badly he needed this, how forcefully he had to control himself 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Somnophilia
BDSM
Jealousy
kink all over the place
Community: norsekink

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

