Work Text:
Bucky Barnes was an Alpha. He remembered his mom had been so disappointed when he’d presented, because he’d been such a pretty little boy, with his full lips and dark eyes – and she’d already given birth to two Betas. What she needed was an Omega to raise their standing, maybe get them out of the massive amount of debt Bucky’s father had left them in when he died. The dowry an Alpha would pay to bond with an Omega would go a long way to helping them escape the black hole he’d left them in.But no such luck, Bucky presented as an Alpha with his first rut at the age of 12, and that was that.He’d grown up knowing that there was little chance he’d ever bond with an Omega. His job paid well, but not that well, and every time he managed to get a little saved up, something would go wrong. No Omega would even look at him as a potential mate without any collateral behind him – how else could he support his mate or their children if he could hardly afford to keep his credit card debt cleared?He wasn’t the only Alpha in the building, three floors down there was another, and Bucky could smell the stench of a competing male as soon as he stepped foot into the stairwell, wafting up the floors. Logically he knew the other Alpha could probably scent him too – that even three whole floors of scent neutral Betas wasn’t about to mask them both – but biologically he wanted to rip his fucking throat out for even being in the same street as Bucky. It also didn’t help that the other Alpha wasn’t even bothering to keep his scent contained.All apartments had built in scent barriers at the doors and the windows. Safety first, of course, to keep rutting Alphas from killing one another, to protect the rare Omegas through their heats. Each apartment was sound proof and scent proof and if it wasn’t your landlord would be called up on code. The fact that Bucky could still scent the other Alpha just meant that he was a fucking asshole.So when Bucky went to work he held his breath and tried not to breathe when he passed the floor where it was so thick he felt like it was trying to strangle him, and on the way home he did the same, stripping off as soon as he got home and washing his clothes in the strongest scent bleach he could find. There was a building opposite Bucky’s – too far to touch, but close enough that it blocked out any natural light to Bucky’s apartment. Most people had blocked off the windows with light boxes, to fake the morning light – but Bucky liked to be able to open his when he wasn’t rutting, let the air inside – breathe for the first time in days.His kitchen window looked over the alley and when he sat at his Formica table eating his breakfast of toast and coffee, he could see into the kitchen of the apartment opposite him. Normally where the cute Beta who lived there was sitting, eating his breakfast.When Bucky had first bought his apartment, the unit had been empty, but after almost a year of darkness, the smaller man had moved in. It had been a flurry of activity at first, the cleaners who made sure no smell from the previous owner lingered (even a Beta could get fiercely territorial at home) and then the moving people in their white coveralls, ensuring that the goods they touched wouldn’t get accidently scented. Bucky had watched from his window, interested and curious – because if he was being perfectly honest, he was probably the most boring person on the planet and even someone moving in across the way was exciting for him.Finally, the little guy had shown up, tipping the movers and simply walking from room to room as he settled himself.That had been a full year ago, and Bucky liked to think they were friends, of sorts. Every morning Bucky would eat his breakfast at the same time as the little beta, sometimes even reading the same newspaper, and every morning they would smile at each other as they washed their dirty plates in the sink.At night sometimes too – they’d end up eating their dinners at the same times, although the Beta seemed to eat much better than Bucky ever did, his microwaved meals not quite holding up to the home cooked dinners on the plate of the much smaller man.For a whole year, they silently lived their lives in a weird synchronisation – except for the week every three months when Bucky had to bolt down the windows and doors and work through his rut, separated from the world until his biology righted itself again. After the week, he’d slowly take a day or two to get back into his daily routine – opening the shutters and trying to catch up with work so he wasn’t quite so far behind when he was able to go back. The rut suppressants didn’t work on about 75% of the Alpha population and they cost an absolute fortune – Bucky had needed to stop taking them when his health insurance refused to pay out.When he opened his shutters, the little Beta would look over and smile, and Bucky gave an exhausted wave back – and that was the complete extent of their interactions.-Bucky’s rut was due in a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
No Smut
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Meet-Cute
First Meetings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

