Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:
First Chapter! Hope people like it.Word count- 1000

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text



“It’s always the broken souls who are always trying to help others.”~Unknown~ 16 year old Harriett "Harri" Jamie Potter stared across the conference table in the Stark Industries building in London at the two men sitting on the other side. She couldn't believe what they were telling her, and yet… the evidence was overwhelming.She looked back down at the document sitting on the table. It told her that there was a very little chance that they were wrong. "So, you two are my parents?" She said, her voice calm, even though inside she was freaking out. "Indeed we are," the tall, muscular man said. He and Harri shared a few features, such as the same straight nose and lips, the same shape of the brows. "We have been searching for you throughout the Nine Realms since you were stolen away from us as a wee babe," the smaller, dark haired male added. Harri looked more like him. They were both thin, with slender hands and long fingers. Harri obviously got her striking emerald eyes from this man- though the elder man’s eyes shined with a certain... power- as well as her sharp jaw and high cheekbones, her perpetually messy, midnight black hair- though Harri’s reached nearly down to her knees, while Loki’s was only shoulder length. Her smooth skin, once creamy white but tanned from hours of outdoor labor, was the same as the older raven's slight frame."You are Harley Tordis Thorsdottir, Princess and second in line to the throne of Asgard,granddaughter of Odin Allfather, Protector of the Nine Realms,  and King of Asgard." The blonde said proudly. Loki smiled at Harri with so much love that her heart clenched. She made sure to keep her face carefully blank of all emotions. "We would like to get to know you, Harley," Loki said softly. "We would be honored if you would come stay with us in America for the summer, so that we could become acquainted." Harry hesitated. Should she? She had her orders from Dumbledore, to stay put at the Dursleys. She was pushing it even now, being in London. But to leave the country altogether… On the other hand, maybe these two could help her with Voldemort? If they were from the legendary Asgard, the place where witches and wizards were rumored to have an alliance with millennia ago. Besides, she had always wanted parents. Sure, these were two men, and for all she knew this could be a huge prank… but it was worth a try, right? And if it was a prank, she’d just hex them and take the consequences. It didn’t even matter anymore if she was allowed to go back to Hogwarts, or was able to do magic. Sure, it was amazing and she loved it, but maybe hers life would have been easier if he never had magic. She came to a decision. "I think that would be nice." They both burst into huge smiles, and she felt a strange warmth fill her. Was this what it felt like to be loved? It was strange. The blonde clapped his hands together- ‘those hands could crush my neck if he decided to strangle me,’ Harri thought before shoving the thought angrily away- and exclaimed loudly, "Wonderful! We'll return to America in the morn.” Harri just raised an eyebrow at the strange way of talking and forced a small smile onto her face. “I’ll just go home and get my things,” she said. “Would you like us to come with you to acquire your possessions and talk to your guardians?” Loki asked. Harri's heart stopped in fear of that suggestion. She couldn’t even imagine what would happen if she showed up at the Dursleys with two Asgardian gods. “No, no that’s okay,” she said quickly. “I’ll just take a cab and talk to them myself.” “If you are sure, then,” the older brunette said. “Yes, thanks for the offer though,” Harry said with a polite smile. She stood and said her farewells, agreeing to meet them in the lobby of the building they were in the next day at 10 am, before turning and leaving the room, taking the lift down to the lobby. She then crossed the lobby and stepped out into the busy street, blending in with the crowds as she walked to the Leaky Cauldron, which was somehow quite close to the tall building in corporate London. She entered and went up to the room she’d rented for last night, packing up the small amount of belongings she’d brought into a backpack and leaving the room. She then left the pub and hailed the Knight Bus, taking it to Surry. She got off at the alleyway off of Mongolia Crescent and trekked the rest of the way to 4 Privet Drive. She slipped back into the house and up to her room, grateful that the Dursleys were out and didn’t know that she had been gone. She packed her belongings into her trunk, making sure to pack the few clothing items that actually fit her. She’d bought them after she’d learned how to trade galleons for pounds sterling. She’d gotten them for when she was at school, on the weekends, when she didn’t need to wear a uniform. I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Fred Weasley & George Weasley
Harry Potter is Loki and Thor's Son

freeform: 
Harry Potter is Not a Potter
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Fred and George Wealsey are good friends
harry is abused
Bucky Barnes is protective
Bucky Barnes is possessive
Steve Rogers Is sweet
age does matter
Harry is almost 16 and Bucky is mentally in his early twenties
Harry is Thor and Loki's daughter
Harry feels the responsibility of being a hero
Major character death - Freeform
comatose character
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Wizarding Culture (Harry Potter)
Hair Lore
Wizarding Traditions (Harry Potter)
Wizarding Politics (Harry Potter)
Female Harry Potter

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Fred Weasley & George Weasley
Harry Potter is Loki and Thor's Son

