Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
“Iron Man, move around to the south side of the building and scan for any more heat signatures,” Steve commanded, taking out three more robots with his shield.  He and Tony had been sent out to Kansas to deal with a hoard of robots that were trying to take over a small business district.  They weren’t hard to take out, but there were so many of them that it was a bit overwhelming.  The robots didn’t seem to be very smart, but they were programmed to target and attack humans.   Luckily, Steve was an enticing enough target to have most of the focus on him, while Tony was flying around, shooting them from the sky, and getting any trapped civilians a path to safety.
“No magic words, Cap?”  Tony quipped, flying past him and blasting apart the robots Steve was about to destroy.  Steve grit his teeth, not letting the other man get to him in the middle of battle.  Clint and Natasha were on an extended mission for Shield in another country and not available for this.  Thor was off-world and Bruce was overlooking the construction of a water purification plant somewhere in South America.  Bruce was still wary of letting the Hulk out, so they only called him in for missions when it was absolutely necessary.  This was not one of those situations.  It was kind of confusing to Steve what these robots were even trying to accomplish.  It seemed like a lot of work just to hurt people.  Shield was scanning the frequencies of the robots, trying to trace back to whoever was controlling them.  All Captain America and Iron Man were needed for was protecting civilians and taking out robots, until the other agents could shut down the signal.
Steve took out his frustrations on the next group of robots that were bearing down on him.  The whole team, minus Thor, had moved into Stark Tower after the Battle of New York, at the insistence of Tony.  Steve had been fine with his apartment that Shield set him up in, just until he was ready to venture out on his own, but once Tony suggested all of them living together to Fury, he’d signed off on it.  Something about living together and working together helping them come together as a cohesive unit.
It was okay at first, with everyone getting to know each other and being on their mostly best behavior.  But soon enough, the pranks started.  It wasn’t too bad in the beginning, Tony replacing all of his clothes with Americana prints and playing videos he found of his USO shows on every screen in the tower.  But then it got a little more mean spirited, like trapping him in the elevator for an hour, turning the AC in his room to freezing while he slept, and turning off the hot water in his shower.  He never told anyone how small spaces and cold made him flash back to his years in the ice, but it didn’t take a genius to figure out he wouldn’t find much humor in it.
The last straw had been when Tony somehow snuck into his room while he was asleep and surrounded him with cold packs.  He woke up in a panic, remembering the moment the water smashed through the front of the plane, sweeping over him and taking away everything and everyone he had ever known.  He packed up and moved out that day, not listening to any of Tony’s chuckle punctuated apologies, or Bruce’s calm assurances that Tony would stop and he didn’t mean anything by it.  Steve holed up in a hotel for a week before he found an apartment to move into, only meeting up with the team for official Shield and Avenger business.  The others tried to coax him into coming back, at least for movie nights and team dinners, but he declined every time.  Seeing Tony during missions was enough for him at this point.  Maybe he would be able to handle more in the future, when he felt more settled in this time, but he didn’t want to add any more stress than was absolutely necessary.
His apartment was nowhere near as fancy as Stark Tower, but it felt more like home than that had.  He used the money Shield had insisted he earned to get a humble apartment near his old neighborhood in Brooklyn.  Steve spent his time off exploring his old/new home, searching for anything that was still around that he remembered.  There wasn’t much, people nowadays preferring modern over classic.  He found new favorite places, like the little independent coffee shop down the street, the family run grocery store two blocks down, and the gym run by an old boxer with his own war stories.  Steve liked to sit and listen to the man speak, pretending his own stories were told to him by family members, instead of things he experienced himself.  Captain America was going to stay private if there was anything he could do about it.
Steve had given his address to Shield, in case of emergencies, but he hadn’t invited anyone over.  He was sure the rest of the team knew it too, but they hadn’t asked about coming to visit either.  He liked the team well enough, but he felt better about keeping things strictly professional at this point.  Steve couldn’t de
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Suicidal Thoughts
Team as Family
Team Bonding
Tony Stark Feels
Panic Attacks
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hiding Medical Issues
Sleep Deprivation
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Survivor Guilt
Fluff
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Thor is Not Stupid (Marvel)
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

