Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It’s a typical Friday in October you’ve just finished dropping off some things for your boss at the local Newspaper office and you’re taking a few moments for yourself to stop by St. Mary’s on the way back. You know he won’t mind because he allows you to run errands whenever you need to because of the hectic schedule that he sometimes makes you keep.When you enter, the church is quiet. As you make your way to the confessional booth, you notice that there aren’t a lot of parishioners and given the time of day it is, you figure that is probably normal for mid-morning on a Friday. When you reach the confessional, you carefully step into the booth closing the door behind you and sliding the latch into place before taking a seat to wait for the priest to arrive in the one next door.It takes a few moments, but eventually, you hear heavy footsteps on the hardwood floor and door rattles and then latches as someone sits down on the bench on the other side of the wall. The small screen between you is opened and you hear the low timbre of Steve’s voice. “I’m sorry for the delay. How may I help you child?”You swallow thickly, having not expected to feel even slightly aroused by just the sound of his voice or the image of him that your mind is suddenly conjuring up. Clearing your throat, you open your mouth to speak but he interrupts with a gentle, “Take your time.”“So, Steve like,” you think to yourself.You suppress the fond giggle that wants to rise up in your throat and begin your confession. “Forgive me father, for I have sinned. This is technically my very first confession.” You hear a low chortle on the other side of the screen giving you the slight indication that maybe he already recognizes your voice. “I’ve been having impure thoughts about someone that I shouldn’t be having thoughts about.”“Go on,” he coaxes, and you can almost hear the amusement in his voice.“You see, my husband has this very, very hot best friend who… well, we’ve done things together, very naughty things, but that was before husband and I were married; and, well lately I’ve been thinking about him. I’ve been thinking about him a lot, and about how I want to do all those naughty things all over again and maybe even more naughty things.”“Have you talked to your husband about these desires?” Came the question from the other side.“I have.”“What are his thoughts on the matter?”“Oh, he’s fine with it. You see, he’s done things with this friend too, and has apparently been thinking about him a lot as well. He misses him, you see.” You hear Steve clear his own throat and then there is silence. “Father?”“What are you up to?”You chuckle softly, realizing that your game is over. Steve knows that you’re not Catholic, so there’s no point in continuing the charade. “Bucky’s making chicken cacciatore for dinner and we want you to come. You free?”“You know there are other ways to invite me to dinner, right?”“I know, but this is more fun.” You hear Steve get up and open the door to his side of the confessional, so you follow suit. He turns to face you and you smile, immediately feeling your cheeks heat up just a bit as you take in the stern look he’s sending your way. It has nothing to do with the fact that he looks so damn delectable standing there in his black suit and clerical collar with a purple stole draped around his shoulders not to mention his wavy, dark blonde hair and the full beard that he’s still not bothered to shave off after a year and a half of having it. It literally makes you swoon every time you’ve seen him since the week of your wedding. Of course, you’re really not sure who swoons more, you or Bucky. “I’m…. sorry?”He shakes his head, grinning as he pulls you into a hug. “Shush. No, you’re not. What time is dinner?”Feeling suddenly overwhelmed with relief, you readily accept his hug by nearly melting into his warm and welcoming embrace. You’re glad that he isn’t upset with your behavior considering how highly inappropriate it was—even if it was all in fun. “Is four good for you?”“Four is perfect.” He steps back and reaches to briefly tangle his fingertips in your hair before cupping your face with his large hands. His blue eyes sparkle as they look fondly into yours. “I’ll bring wine.”Your eyes flutter shut as he leans forward and presses a chaste kiss to your forehead. “Ok,” you hear yourself whisper as tiny goosebumps prickle over your skin.“Can I walk you out?”“Sure.” You nod your head as he lets go of you and steps back, leaving a more appropriate amount of space between the two of you. “How are things going here?”“Good. Better at least,” Steve explains as you start walking back down the long corridor that leads towards the front doors. “I hope you know I’ve not been avoiding…”“I know. Bucky said you’ve talked a couple of times since you’ve been back.”“There’s just a lot to sort out here. The last guy left the place in kind of a mess. I haven’t had the chance to…”“I get it,” you assure him. “Maybe you can r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Flirting
Fluff and Smut
Priest Kink
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Threesome - F/M/M
Mild Angst
Anal Sex
Vaginal Sex
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Double Penetration
Internal Conflict
Polyamory
Stucky - Freeform
I Don't Use Y/N Ever...

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Reader

