Chapter 1





Chapter Text

CHAPTER ONE
 Steve Rogers may have been a man out of time, but he was still very much a man. He had wants and desires, and none of them were for baseball, apple pie, or Chevrolet. The modern world had bought the Captain America PR campaign lock, stock, and smoking barrel—and consequently had applied that to the man underneath the uniform. Polite didn’t mean innocent, and gentleman didn’t mean neutered. But that’s what everyone seemed to think. Clint and Tony both thought he was a virgin. He’d been inundated with fanmail from women who’d sworn it was their patriotic duty to “punch his v-card.” He wasn’t going to hold a press conference to explain to the world at large that he’d lost his virginity to a brothel. The whole brothel. Not just one prostitute, but one right after the other in a three day mission. His virginity, or lacktherof had been Top Secret. They’d wanted to test the limits of his super-serum—and test them they had. He probably knew more about carnal relations than the Kama Sutra. But no, everyone wanted to shove him into this little labeled box. Which he guessed he was okay with, because yeah, the press conference about his train and the number of tunnels… not happening. Although, he had learned he was immune to STDs and his semen cured the Clap. He hadn’t appreciated the intentional exposure to infection just to see. He couldn’t imagine living with that forever. Whenever he thought things couldn’t get any worse, he reminded himself that an immortal strain of the Clap was a very real possibility and then being grateful for what he did have (or didn’t in this case) wasn’t so very hard. But what was hard? His cock. Rock fucking hard. That curvy little ball of noise and sarcasm who looked like a walking pinup had just darted past and he could smell the faint hint of her perfume, her conditioner and another scent that was uniquely her. It was sweet and feminine, and made his mouth water. Although, he was sure she wouldn’t appreciate being thought of in the same breath as the Clap. He was glad she wasn’t psychic. That would be awkward. Every time he caught scent of her, it was the same. He was surprised his desk was on four legs instead of five. The super serum made everything bigger.  Everything. He leaned back in his chair and caught a flash of pink. She was wearing a cotton candy pink sweater that looked soft as a kitten. His fingers itched to touch it, and not just because of the enticing way it stretched over her generous breasts. He loved everything about the way she looked. The long, black pencil skirt that accentuated her already dangerous curves—especially since she’d put on just a little bit of weight. It had gone to all the best places. He loved the way her hair curled over the pale expanse of her cleavage, her bright red lips that he couldn’t stop imagining wrapped around his cock and her hands. Her hands were so small, so soft, but he knew they could bring a man or alien low with that taser she carried in her bag. She was the embodiment of the ultimate fantasy woman for Steve—all kinds of delicious, but with a sharp edge. Much like his favorite candy—sweet and tart all at the same time. Yes, he even liked her sharp little tongue. He loved watching her cheeks flush and her eyes flash while she gave someone a set down that they righteously deserved. She was fearless. Steve would admit to wishing she was just a little less so. Not so he could play hero, although he wouldn’t mind being the one to save the day—to have her pressed against—no. He just wanted her to be safe. To take a little more care with herself. Like last week when a rogue faction out of Croatia had kidnapped her on the way to work to try to blackmail Stark. She stood there, hands on her hips, lecturing them about how this really wasn’t what they wanted to do. She’d shown no fear and Steve, well, he thought for sure they were going to kill her. Fear had tightened in his gut like coiled serpent. Thor had crushed the guy’s head with his hammer, leaving nothing but a stain on the subway wall before he’d had a chance to do permanent damage. And she’d seemed singularly unfazed. Although that moment when her eyes locked with his, he saw so much in her eyes. He’d drowned there and he just wanted to make her safe, keep her safe. Actually, he was still supposed to be writing his narrative about what happened. He’d figured out the laptop, it was actually a much smoother process than a typewriter. But he’d admit that he kind of missed the sound that the keys made when they splashed a new character on that clean white paper. All he was doing was recording facts, but he still found himself staring at the blank screen. He kind of wished something else would blow up so he’d have something to do, some way to try to channel this kinetic energy and get his mind off of Darcy Lewis and his dick. “Hey, Captain Muscl-y. You got a sec?” The object of his current obsession peered back around the corner of the doorway to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
gentleman doesn't mean neutered
not a virgin
Avengers Tower
Fluff and Smut
angst only if you squint

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

