Chapter 1: Blood
    




Chapter Text
---The morning after Albus Dumbledore left young Harry Potter upon the Dursleys' doorstep, an ungodly shrieking alarm woke him at 6:32am.This alarm, he knew, indicated that the Dursleys had rejected Harry. It was not entirely unexpected, but he had hoped that Petunia still had some love left for her sister, enough at least to protect the child.Apparently not.Albus sighed deeply, used a spell to dress swiftly, and Apparated directly into the Dursleys' living room. He Obliviated them and took Harry, before they could do the boy harm. He did not wait for them to justify their choices, nor for them to act in any way. The Dursleys had rejected Harry, and as far as he was concerned, that was that. They, and Harry, were safest if they did not know what had happened. The only thing that he did do was leave a note for Petunia, confirming Lily and James' deaths, offering his condolences - she had rejected Harry, but Lily had still been her sister - and that Harry had been taken into his care. That way, if any remaining Death Eaters had the wits to investigate them, they would quickly find out that Harry was nowhere near Privet Drive... and, apparently, never had been.He returned to his study, child safely in tow, and recast the blood ward spells to detect the next-closest living relative. If there was one.A neat bloodline drew up from Lily's name to her mother; Iris Evans, nee Oswald, born 13th March 1944. As Albus knew, she had died only five years ago.From there the line ran up to an unmarried couple; Bouvardia Oswald and James Buchanan Barnes. Bouvardia was also deceased, so Albus didn't bother to read her dates, but James Barnes was marked by the spell as still living. Born 10th March 1917, which would make him 84 years old. Not exactly spry for a Muggle - even if he was younger than Albus - but it would have to do.---The Asset awoke to the unfamiliar sensation of warmth sweeping over his body. He knew this wasn't normal. He couldn't remember the biting cold he should have felt, only an idea of it, an echo; his body had braced for it yet it never came.He scanned his surroundings, knowing - not from experience but from something far far deeper - that his Handlers would be waiting for him to speak.But they weren't. He knew the identification his Handlers wore, here in the security of their own base of operations, where they had no need for secrecy... and it was emblazoned on the clothing of all six unconscious men in the room. It most certainly was  not  on the one remaining conscious man.There was no protocol for this.Protocol only stated; wake and then speak."Ready to comply."The old man frowned at him thoughtfully. "Oh my no, this won't do at all," he said in a soft, almost sad tone.The Asset flinched. Negative feedback meant punishment for the infraction, even if it was unintended.The man raised his hand, and there was a flash of muted red light.---He woke on a soft, comfortable surface.A bed, his mind supplied after a couple of seconds.His head felt like it was buzzing, and when he sat up he felt slightly dizzy... but he carefully kept his balance."How are you feeling?" a voice asked.He looked up. The old man looked familiar, but he couldn't place why. He shook his head to try to get some of the buzzing out."Can you tell me your name?"He opened his mouth automatically to answer, but no words came out... and he found two answers on the tip of his tongue, each determined it was correct and certain the other was wrong.When he did finally answer, it felt mechanical, familiar, and a touch defiant. "Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes, three two five five seven zero three eight."The man frowned slightly, cocked his head as if remembering a jingle that he had once heard, before the frown became a slight smile and he nodded in some satisfaction. "Ah. I understand your assumption. You are not a prisoner, Sergeant Barnes. Tell me, how are you feeling?"The more he tried to think how to answer the further away a valid answer seemed to be, and eventually he shook his head. His head hurt, he felt confused and vulnerable, but he also got the feeling this man wasn't going to hurt him... probably not, at least.The man watched him for a long time, then sighed slightly, a sad, sympathetic sigh. "You are safe here, Sergeant Barnes. Rest, it will help you heal."Yeah, that sounded like a great idea.---His head was a  lot  clearer when he woke.The same guy was watching him, but his mind wasn't feeling so fuzzy and he could better focus on what he was actually seeing. The guy was old, like Gandalf in the Hobbit old, long beard and all."How are you feeling, Sergeant Barnes?" he asked."It's Bucky," he said, his voice slightly hoarse. Come to think of it, his throat felt dry. No sooner had he thought that than a glass of water appeared in thin air, hovering in front of him.He stared at it for several long seconds, before mentally shrugging. If it was real, he wanted it. If he was hallucinating, that was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Harry Potter was Raised by Other(s)
Manipulative Albus Dumbledore
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Fantastic Racism
Implied/Referenced Mind Control
Technology vs Magic
Blood Magic
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Doctor Who References
MACUSA | Magical Congress of the United States of America
Stargate References
The Avengers (2012) - Freeform
Torchwood References
So many pop culture references
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Loki Needs a Hug (Marvel)
Canon-Typical Violence
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Alternate Norse Religion & Lore

fandom: 
None
