Chapter 1: Part I
    




Chapter Text
From the corner of his eye, Peter watched her as she started the dishes.
May was wearing the light orange tank top he’s always liked, and the high waited trousers he thought made her legs look great. Her hair –

What’s wrong with me? This is wrong! This is so, so wrong…

He couldn’t pinpoint the exact moment it changed; the way he looked at her. Maybe sometime between freshman and sophomore year…but he couldn’t be certain. All he knew was that somewhere along the line, he stopped seeing May as just his aunt and guardian.
She was just…more.
May started humming as she added a squirt of soap into the water, testing the temperature quickly before tossing in some dirty cutlery.

Why…why do I have to feel this way about her?

It was disgusting. If anyone knew, they’d call him sick and twisted and run for the hills. He knew that; he wasn’t an idiot, but it didn’t stop him from stealing a closer look at her while her back was turned.
As she reached into the sudsy water, her hair fell forward over her shoulder. Peter’s gaze followed the tantalizing line from the back of her neck downward.
To her slender waist…to her shapely hips and firm –

Oh god…

How many times had he imagined kissing down that line?

Don’t go there…

Peter swallowed hard, quickly averting his gaze lest she catch him staring.
“Pete, you done?” she asked over her shoulder.
He blinked away the fog that had enveloped him and shovelled the last of the spaghetti from his plate into his mouth. It wasn’t the greatest – May wasn’t very good in the kitchen – but it was one of the more edible meals she’d managed all week.
“Hmm, yeah,” he scraped the last of it onto his fork, shovelling it into his mouth before he came up behind her, “thanks.”
“You’re welcome, baby,” her smile made his heart flutter, “are you okay to tidy up the table?”
“O-Oh, yeah, of course,” he hurried back to the small table, “if you want to leave the dishes, I can get those too.”
May shook her head.
“Oh, no, don’t worry. I’ve got it.”
“You cooked,” he countered, “it’s only fair I clean.”
She gave him a dismissive, soapy wave of her hand.
“Don’t worry about it,” she said in a comforting, sing-song manner, “I’m alright here.”
Peter grabbed the placemats from the table, pointedly keeping his gaze down as he walked to the garbage bin and dumped the crumbs. May had left the garlic bread in for too long, but he’d managed to swallow his dry, burnt slices down with some help from the pasta sauce and an extra shake of parmesan cheese.
The crumbs though…
“I won’t be here when you get home from school tomorrow,” May began, “I’m meeting up with some of the girls after work then I’m seeing Happy for dinner.”
Peter clenched the placemats tight at the mention of his name, his knuckles white.
Everything had been perfect, routine. May was his. He went to school, came home to her, ate dinner with her, and went to bed dreaming about her.
Happy Hogan came out of nowhere and threatened that.

Well…not nowhere…

He’d been Peter’s liaison when he was going through orientation for his internship at Stark Industries. Peter hadn’t thought much of him at first. Happy was pleasant enough, in a bumbling-sidekick sort of way. People seemed to respect him. Mr. Stark certainly liked him, so Peter made sure to be nothing but courteous when he dealt with him…but then he’d had to set his sights on her.
Did he want May happy? Yes. Of course. No one deserved happiness more! But why – WHY – did it have to be with him?
May…she deserved so much more.
Peter forced himself to take a deep, steadying breath.
“You’re…um…having fun with him?”
May’s light laughter filled their cheap, small kitchen. It made something flutter in his stomach, and his chest felt tight.
“Oh, Pete, you don’t have to feign interest in my –
“I’m not feigning,” he said quickly, too quickly, before clearing his throat, “I just…hope you’re having fun.”
She smiled at him over her shoulder, a mischievous glint in her eye.
“Oh, really?”
“Y-Yeah,” he shrugged, folding the placemats, “well…I just want you to be happy.”

With me…please…with me…

It was a fool’s hope, Peter knew that, but he clung to it, nonetheless. May was…everything he ever wanted. She was sweet and witty, gorgeous and…familiar.
Safe.
It was a feeling so strong, so absolute, there was no way she didn’t feel it too.

Maybe…maybe she’s in denial…struggling with the truth…

Peter could empathize with that. As desperately as he craved her, he struggled with it. Each day, every look…laced with equal parts shame and desire.

If…If I could help her see –

“Don’t worry about me, Pete,” May smirked, turning back to the dishes, “I’m a big girl, you know; I can take care of myself.”

Can you?

Happy might be a bumbling-sidekick, but he was a man. Surely he felt the same thing Peter did when he looked at her?
It was a terrifying thought.
“I know that,” Peter said with a forced laugh, “I just care, May. I want you to be happy.”

I love you…I love you so much, May…

She s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Peter Parker
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Alternate Universe - Dark
Dark
Dark Peter Parker
Not Safe Sane and Consensual
Incest
Older Woman/Younger Man
Peter Parker is not good
Deception
Drugged Sex
Rape
Blackmail
Emotional Manipulation
Explicit Sexual Content
Don't Like Don't Read
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Sex Toys
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Aunt/Nephew Incest
Humiliation
Dirty Talk
Animated GIFs
Peter Parker is a predator
Unprotected Sex
Betrayal
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Forced Orgasm
Blow Jobs
Forced Relationship
Sexual Violence
Domestic Violence
Face-Fucking
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex

fandom: 
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Peter Parker
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

