Work Text:
Wade wasn’t a very popular kid at school. He was also a trouble maker, and he spent an awful lot of time in the principal’s office. The teachers didn’t like him, and neither did the students. He got kind of used to it, though – his parents had never shown love or caring, not towards him or each other, so he was not at all surprised when no one looked for his company at school except for a few other trouble makers.However, he didn’t like them. Most of them were bullies, and he really wasn’t fond of bullies. To be honest, he hated them, quite a lot. Back in the orphanage they used to tie him down and laugh at him as they hurt him. He actually had quite a few scars because of them. But the worst was his face – he had burns all over it. His father had thrown a kettle full of boiling water at him. The man used to get mad at him a lot, and he often beat Wade up with his baseball bat. He threw the kettle because of that thing his mother made Wade do for the orange. Wade used to love oranges, but he never got any, because his parents only bought them for his father. He would steal one, but his mother noticed. First she just hit his hand, but then she made him an offer – if he pleased her, she would give him an orange. So he did. And Wade’s father wasn’t happy about it when he got to know.He had to go to the hospital, and that was when he was sent to the orphanage. His mom ran off with a man and he was taken from his dad. First he was relieved, but it didn’t last. The kids in the orphanage gave him a hard time, as mentioned before.Since then he had been adopted by a couple. They were nice to him, and for the first time in his life he experienced genuine kindness. He felt good around them and he was awfully ashamed of himself when he saw disappointment on his adoptive parents’ face because of being called in by the principal for the umpteenth time. For some reasons, it still happened over and over again.As Wade grew older, he became more reserved. He didn’t look for his classmates’ company, and when he got into high school, he didn’t put effort into making friends. He hung out with a few people sometimes, but that was pretty much it. He had some buddies outside school though.By the second year of high school, everyone recognised him just by seeing his big hoodie. He was the kid who sat in the back of the classroom and occasionally threw crumpled pieces of paper at people he didn’t like. Sometimes he drew obscene pictures on them beforehand, but there weren’t many people who knew this, so most of these pieces of Wade-made art went unnoticed. He was mostly at peace being himself, except on a few occasions, like that one time the girl next to him handed him an old ruler claiming he had to get off the gum he just stuck to the underside of the desk. He simply looked at her and said “be my ruler”, which got him an incredibly offended look, and he’d been getting them ever since. Not like it really bothered him. Especially because he’d caught his other classmate choke on her laughter as she tried not to be loud.Still, he was mostly ignored, and he was pretty sure the big burn marks on his face were one of the reasons why random people on the corridors seemed to ignore him if not straight-out avoid him. Students from lower grades looked intimidated when he passed by. He mostly just hid under his hood and sometimes whistled tunes as walking in the corridors as if he didn’t notice anything concerning the students’ behaviour.So when one day a freshman approached him, he was absolutely taken by surprise and didn’t really know what to do.It happened when he felt a gentle tug at his hoodie and a soft “hey”, which made his steps come to a halt and he turned towards the voice. His gaze met with the sight of a boy, a few years younger than him. There was a good nine-inch height difference between them, and the boy looked slimmer too. He had brown hair which he kept longer at the front, making his face look slightly thinner. He wore big glasses and his brown eyes were locked onto Wade’s. The teenager was holding out a wallet towards him. Oh. It was his.“You dropped this.”Wade stared at it for a moment then pulled his hand out of his pocket and reached out for it.“Thanks,” he mumbled.“Welcome,” the boy replied then turned around and left. Wade eyed him for a moment, then opened his wallet and peeked inside it. Everything was still inside it. He softly hummed then continued on his way to his next class.It was almost a month later when he saw the boy again. He had to break through a big crowd of students who were acting like a quite loud audience as they were all facing towards one spot, stretching their necks curiously. He was annoyed by how they blocked his way, but he brushed it off with a sigh. Then he saw the boy pinned to a locker by a tall blonde guy and realised what the whole thing was about. A frown settled on his face as he moved closer.The students went silent as he stopped right behind the bully. It took the boy a m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff
Minor Character Death
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Canon-Typical Violence
Past Child Abuse
Sexy Times
Spanking
very feelsy shit
awful jokes
I'll probably get punched and I'll have it coming
Light BDSM

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

