Chapter 1





Chapter Text



For most people, wandering around the particularly frozen, extra-mountainous parts of the European countryside wasn't exactly the most inviting pass-time. Particularly during World War Two. But Evangeline Potter had never been 'most people'.
This particular little adventure had started with an accident, as a great many of her other adventures had before.
After the war with Voldemort, Evangeline had buried herself in studies. There was nothing like study to get Hermione off her back about getting out and being social. After all, if Hermione had to be physically dragged from her books by her fiance just to eat, then it would be hypocritical of her to suggest Evangeline be removed from them to socialise with people she barely knew – and certainly didn't care to.
At her twentieth birthday party – which was as small an affair as it could be when the Weasley clan was invited – she announced her intention to become a healer and a doctor. Kingsley had been bugging her via owl to please join the Auror corps since the war ended. Evangeline had no such intention. She'd had enough of that life.
She'd never forget it. She'd never stop being totally, utterly, and completely paranoid (because there were still factions out for her head on a pike, and she wasn't stupid). But she didn't want to go on like that.
Becoming a non-magical doctor took years. Becoming a healer was just as time-consuming. A lot of the studies involved overlapped though – just for example, anatomy was anatomy, magical or muggle – so she quietly acquired a time-turner, and did both sets of studies at the same time. The repetition drilled it all into her head and made sure it all stayed very permanently lodged there, if nothing else.
She eventually graduated in the top ten of her class, for both sets of study. Not the ultimate top of the class, but top ten, and she was happy enough with that.
The accident happened about a week after that.
Now, it's important to understand that travelling backwards through time with a magical artefact like a time-turner is not at all something that is advisable when done at the exact same time as you are travelling across space. Be that by portkey, apparition, or simply walking along. Always be as still as possible when turning the time-turner. The side-effects vary for how much movement across space to how much movement back in time. A few steps while going back an hour might put you in, for example, entirely the wrong room in Hogwarts, but the time you were aiming at. Apparating across the country while going back an hour will probably land you in the wrong country a day or two ago. A portkey, on the other hand, adds extra spin. The spinning of the time-turner and the portkey will amplify each other if they're both active at the same time.
That was how Evangeline ended up on entirely the wrong continent, roughly half a century in the past. And just possibly in a different dimension.
She'd used her invisibility cloak to sneak about the strange, militaristic base where she'd ended up, trying to figure out where and when she was. Because she was definitely not in Ireland, and judging from the particular fashions of the uniforms being worn all around her, she wasn't in the early two-thousands either.
Now, her German was very nearly non-existent, but she knew it when she heard it, and she hadn't heard the word 'Grindlewald' anywhere. Based on a calendar she'd found, it was definitely WWII, so she really should have. The Statute of Secrecy had been created in the wake of this war, immediately followed by mass obliviations and a whole lot of death. She was hearing the word 'Hydra' a lot though for some reason, but she'd never heard the word related to Nazi Germany before. In fact, apart from a basic study of Greek monsters (yes, just like the Cerberus she'd met in her first year at Hogwarts, Hydras were real too), she'd never come across the word at all.
Then everything was blowing up all around her.
Evangeline held tight to her time-turner to make sure that it wouldn't turn again, and quickly apparated out to what she guessed was the nearest place she could clearly visualise. She did not want to splinch herself in these conditions.
Okay, so the mountains in his homeland that Viktor had insisted on showing her the Christmas after the war ended were a bit further away than she'd thought. At least, judging by how winded the apparition had left her. Though it was possible that the high altitude and driving wind were contributing to that feeling as well.
Well, no pressure, she supposed. She did have pretty much everything in her trunk, which was shrunken down and dangling from her charm bracelet. Along with the finger-nail-sized red box was an itsy-bitsy black motorcycle, a tiny gold cage with nothing in it, a small silver stag, and a little blue-and-white medical symbol on a circle of silver the size of her finger-nail.
Each one had a purpose. The trunk most obvious, as it contained just about ever
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Don't copy to another site
Female Harry Potter
Accidental Time Travel
Accidental dimension hopping
Doctor Harry Potter
WW2 setting
Magic
No Statute of Secrecy because there are No Wizards
you may recognise a few other faces that appear
Happy Ending
Master of Death Harry Potter
All the Flirting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

