Chapter 1: Everyone Wants to Rule the World
    




Chapter Text

 Clint 
 "I –I used to know him," Bucky stuttered out, his eyes on the newspaper spread out above him.  Clint glanced up at the soggy newspaper, at the golden-haired hero pasted to the front of it. A droplet of rain saturated through the paragraph detailing the captain's heroics. "Yeah?" he asked, glancing at Bucky disbelievingly. He wasn't doing so great.  Bucky's dark hair was damp and pasted to his sweaty forehead. He was sitting in their makeshift shelter, his arms wrapped around his legs as he shivered and trembled with the force of the fever that was eating him whole. The ratty hoodie he was bundled in did nothing to protect against the damp chill that was seeping through their cardboard hideout. It had been Clint's but it was two sizes too big for him and they both knew Bucky needed it more.  "Went to school with him," Bucky murmured deliriously. "Used t'call him Stevie." He laughed a little at that, a sharp broken sound before he broke off coughing.  Clint winced, hovering uncertainly. "Yeah?" he asked, hating the way his voice warbled on that one word. He didn't know what else to say.  "Mm yeah. Was just a little guy," Bucky slurred, gesturing with his right arm. "Tiny thing. Used to get beat up all the time."  Clint looked up at the picture. The guy there was a giant beefcake. No way was he the kind of guy to get into fights left and right, let alone lose them. The Purple Heart he was being presented seemed to indicate that Clint's assessment was right. Some hotshot, top of the world guy like Steve Rogers? No way he came from downtrodden little Brooklyn. He glanced back at Bucky nervously. Rogers probably just reminded him of his friend and he had the names mixed up.  "Yeah," Clint commented softly, watching Bucky helplessly.  He smiled wanly, his complexion a terrifying paleness. "I used to – to fight for him. Clean up his messes. He hated it." Bucky laughed again, a weak chuckle that was over before it really began. Too much like Bucky's own life. "Used to say he coulda handled it. He was always walking 'round bruised. Never told me who did it, but I'd find the guys. Not fair, pickin' on a guy like Stevie." He sighed quietly at that, coughing weakly as he shuddered, drawing up tighter against himself. His eyes slid shut and he was out cold once again.  Clint scrubbed a hand over his eyes. What was he supposed to do? A week ago Bucky came down hard and fast with a cold that wouldn't go away. Neither of them could afford to be sick. Clint had bought what he could in the beginning; lozenges and zinc and whatever he could find that was loaded up with vitamin c. None of it helped. Bucky was going to die at this rate. Going back to Hydra wasn't an option. They'd risked their lives to get out of there –the thought alone sent a shiver through Clint that had nothing to do with the weather. It wasn't like he could just use a payphone, report Bucky as –nobody would come. They were two homeless kids. Nobody cared. Clint wasn't sick but he didn't want to risk moving Bucky. His arm still wasn't healed up yet and if he took him to a hospital they'd start asking questions. Questions Clint wouldn't be able to answer. And then they'd call the police and he'd be hauled off for questioning. Hydra would hear about it, and they would come and take back their assets.  The word alone had Clint crawling out of the makeshift shelter, glancing back at Bucky worriedly. He was too pale, trembling and shaking, muttering under his breath as his fever dreams devoured whatever was left of his consciousness. Fuck. He couldn't let him die. There was a pharmacy just a few blocks away. Clint had tried to swipe some Tylenol yesterday but security found him out and let him go with a warning. Clint could play the first time offense card exceedingly well. He shuffled anxiously, glancing back at Bucky worriedly. If he didn't get something now, Bucky would probably die. Hopefully there would be a different security guard this time.  Clint hunched his shoulders and set off across the street, heading to where he knew the pharmacy was located. He didn't want to waste any time by trying to find a different store; time was something neither he nor Bucky had much in excess of. Clint peeked inside the store, casually entering it as he canned for the security guard. He definitely didn't see the one who had been here the day before. A quick glance at the clerk showed that Clint had caught a lucky break for once. They were both new; didn't even give him a second glance. Clint sneezed, keeping his head down as he wandered down the aisle to the Tylenol. He skimmed over the symptoms they relieved, grabbing the first bottle that promised to relieve fevers and slid it into his sleeve as he wandered down the aisle again. He paused at the tissues, made a pained face at the price as he brought his hand up to wipe at his nose.  His gaze lingered on the suppression bottle next to the tissues.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Barney Barton & Clint Barton

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Slow Build
Romance
Developing Friendships
Implied/Referenced Torture
Secret Police
Alternate Universe - Dystopia
Alternate Universe - Post-Apocalypse
hearing impairment
Omega Clint Barton
Alpha Phil Coulson
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Clint has a realistic panic attack
Slow Burn
Beta Natasha Romanov
Barney Barton is a good guy
Phil Coulson dies but will revive
kind of cannon compliant
Ronin Clint Barton

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Barney Barton & Clint Barton

