Chapter 1: Awakening
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

 Bright, white-hot pain. A deafening roar, his own screaming. Blinding light all around him, the smell of soot and ash and hot metal. Every sense clogged with too much information. Tears evaporating as they fell. 

 In the midst of it, words.

 Silent, no voice. Would have been lost in the rest of the noise, otherwise. Words forming in his mind like thoughts – not his voice.

 “You'll do.”

 The vague impression that someone, somewhere, might be smiling.

 Nothing.
It was like the beginning of a nightmare.Sometimes, when he was dreaming, his eyes would be closed. Not just from sleep – in the dream itself, his eyes would be tightly shut, and no amount of effort would open them. It was kind of like that now. His vision was dark, his ears plugged and muted, his limbs stiff and frozen as if suspended in concrete.A stray thought slipped in and out of his mind. If I don't breathe soon, I'll suffocate.He tried to move his mouth, crack open his jaws, feel air pass over his dry tongue, but every millimeter of movement drained him. Desperate, he forced his last dregs of energy into his jaws, only to regret it. Filth filled his mouth, something bitter and gritty like rusted iron and old cigarettes. He shut his mouth with a snap, and his sharp teeth crunched around a mouthful of it. A gagging cough forced itself out of him. He still hadn't breathed yet.I'm going to die.The thought rang in his mind with a note of familiarity that made him shudder all the way to the tips of his claws. He couldn't die, not yet. He had to go home. There was something important, something –A memory danced in his mind, flickering in and out. He reached for it desperately, and it darted away. What was it? He needed to get out. He needed to stop. He needed to think, act, sleep, move, breathe, live, for – for –The noise that slipped from his jaws could barely be classified as speech. With empty lungs and grit filling his mouth, words were impossible. Fight this , he thought. Live. You have to – you have to.His body was like stone, but with a savage effort he moved it all the same. Around him, his prison shifted – not concrete as he had thought, but dirt or something like it. Whatever was in his mouth was also all around him, trapping him, holding him as still as stone. As still as death.Which way was up?He writhed, choking on his panic. His jaws opened again, spilling more of the grit onto his lolling tongue. Had he breathed yet? In a moment of panic, he tried, and only succeeded in nearly swallowing the mouthful. He gagged again, forcing filth and spit out of his mouth. There might have been bile, too, but he couldn't be sure.It was liquid, though. That was important. Because he could feel it dripping from his tongue to the corner of his mouth, spilling onto his cheek.Liquid drips down. He was on his back.He kicked out with all fours, clawing savagely at the trapping weight. With each passing second, he felt his prison loosen. His eyes almost cracked open, but he kept them shut.It was like trying to swim through wet cement. After a few seconds of straining, he gave up on trying to sit up. He tried to breathe on instinct, only to choke on another mouthful of grit. Blindly he twisted and writhed, fighting to turn over. Minutes may have passed, or hours, before he gathered up the moisture in his mouth and tried spitting again. It dripped down – away from his face, this time. He was on his belly.He bared his teeth in a snarl of effort and shoved all fours downward. Against his back, the loosened weight shifted. Something jabbed into his side, a distant pain. He kept at it, clawing and digging and pushing himself upward through his prison, panting and whining and snarling in his exhaustion, until finally, finally –Cold air swept over his back. A strangled sob forced its way from his aching throat, and he kicked, clawed, and crawled his way to freedom. There was fresh air on his face, and he drank it in greedily with starved gasps. The strength fled his aching limbs, and he sank to the ground again. Grit scraped against his cheek, and he refused to care. His ears rang with a distant noise, somewhere between a howl and a whistle.He opened his eyes. It was still dark, but it was a manageable sort of dark. He could make out shapes of things, the lumpy ground beneath him (what was that? Dirt? Mud? Rocks?) and above him, a cloudy night sky. For a few moments, he let the world pass while he took a moment to breathe and live. Through half closed eyes, he watched the world lighten as his eyes adjusted and the clouds overhead moved. Soft, silvery light shone down on him – the moon was out.The memory danced within reach, as if teasing him while he was exhausted. Instead of chasing it, he let it come. Closer and closer it came, until he could reach out and touch it.Dry, cracked lips parted. His jaws opened again, and cool night air passed over fla
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tadashi becomes a Guardian AU
Concurrent with the movie

fandom: 
None
