Work Text:
It’s pouring down rain. Not a simple little drizzle or a sprinkle, but a deluge: heavy, fat drops that soak into your bones instead of just your clothes. “Seriously?” Steve asks his reflection. He’s in a Starbucks by his art school and he can’t quite believe it’s raining so hard in December. Honestly, he feels a little cheated. It’s December, it should be snow. Steve heaves a sigh and adjusts his knit cap. “You gonna make it home alright?” Steve looks over at Sam. “I’ll be fine,” he says. “Just forgot my umbrella.” “You sure? You’ve got your portfolio with you today. That thing’s as big as you are.” “Shut up, it is not...” But Steve readjusts the heavy leather folder anyway. Even with it tucked into his arm pit the portfolio reaches all the way to his hip. If only the handles hadn’t broken. He fixes his cap again and then his scarf and jacket and then checks to make sure his cuffs are over his shoes so he doesn’t get water on his socks. “You sure you don’t want to wait an hour for a ride? I’ll be off at three.” “I’m fine, Sam.” “Okay, okay. Text me when you get home though, so I know you didn’t get sucked down a storm drain or something.” “Yes, mother,” Steve grunts but he salutes Sam as he nudges the door open with his shoulder. “Tell Bucky I say hi!” “Tell him yourself!” Steve hollers back but his voice is drowned out by the rain and wind. It’s cold and wet and Steve is drenched in seconds. “This is terrible,” he mutters. But he soldiers on because he has to get home somehow and he doesn’t have the money for a cab. Steve’s three blocks from home (and nearly blown over by the wind twice) when he hears what sounds like a whimper from an alleyway. He stops and turns to face the backstreet slowly. “Hello?” he calls. Again, a whimper. Or a whine. But definitely something sad and probably in pain. Steve steps into the alleyway and the wind immediately cuts its howling. “Are you okay?” There’s a clang from behind a dumpster and Steve catches a glimpse of something red. Immediately, Steve drops his portfolio and rushes over to the end of the alley. “Are you okay?” he asks again as he tries to shove the dumpster away. There’s another whimper and then Steve sees it, huddled down half behind the trash bin. “Oh, God.” It’s a dragon. A tiny, cat-sized, red and gold dragon with big blue eyes and tiny little spikes going down its back all the way to four finger length spikes on its tail. It’s soaked and its scales look dull dirty and, all in all, it looks pitiful. Steve reaches out for it. “Come’er, little guy. It’s okay, I won’t hurt you.” The dragon doesn’t seem to believe Steve and it backs into the little gap even farther. “No, no, no, no. Come here. I promise everything will be okay. Come’er,” Steve wiggles his fingers at the little dragon, arm straining towards the little guy. “I promise not to hurt you. Come’er. My name’s Steve, okay? It can’t be fun in this rain. Let me take you home, okay? I have warm blankets and everything.” The dragon seems to consider this for a moment, its head tipping to the side gently. Suddenly, it makes a little chirping sound before it flings itself at Steve’s chest, nearly knocking the man over. The dragon’s tiny claws scrabble for purchase on Steve’s wet jacket, its snout nuzzling under Steve’s chin. “Whoa, there. Let me—” Steve unzips his coat not even halfway down before the little dragon slithers its way inside. Steve can feel its fingers curling into his shirt, making the dragon’s wings fan out over his chest, the claws on the dragon’s hind legs clutch onto his belt, and its tail curls over his left hip. The dragon chirps again, snout under his scarf, by his ear. “You’re like a furnace,” Steve murmurs as he zips his coat and stands. “Let me grab my portfolio and we’ll head home, okay?” Steve gets a little chirp in response. When Steve arrives at his apartment, he sticks his head through the door and glances around for his roommate, Bucky. “Bucky, you home?” Steve asks as he slips through the door. He sets his portfolio down gently and, keeping a hand on the dragon’s back, moves into the main room. “Bucks?” His only response is a chirp from his jacket. “Awesome.” Steve’s shoulders relax, “Bucky’s not home. He doesn’t like it when I bring home strays. Let’s head to the bathroom and get dried off, yeah?” Keeping a hand on the dragon’s back, Steve bounds down the hallway to the bathroom. “Okay, towels first,” Steve says, flicking open the cabinet by the sink. He grabs a few fluffy, shockingly orange towels and sets them on the counter. Steve pulls his sopping hat off and drops it in the sink while his other hand unzips his coat. He reaches for the small dragon but the creature holds onto Steve shirt, not wanting to move. “Come on, time for fluffy towels. They’re warm, too. I promise.” The dragon stares at him for a long moment before it slowly releases its little claws from his shirt. Gently, Steve sets it on the counter. Steve tosses his jacket into the tub before grabbin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Dragons
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Modern with Magic
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Tony is a Dragon
Obie is an Asshat
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Artist Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Memory Alteration
Healing
Magic
Missing Persons
Secrets
Fake Science
I Don't Even Know
I Tried

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

