Work Text:
Dawn crept across Tony's face. Damn. It was what, 3 AM in California?But New York had its own charms. Tony rolled over and nibbled on Peter's ear. "Day is dawning, sweet pea," Tony whispered.Peter shifted closer, but didn't open his eyes. "Work," he said.Work? Work? Oh hell no. "It's Sunday," Tony remembered."It's New York City.""Fine. One for the road." Tony grabbed him by the thigh and pulled. But rather than rolling the kid over, his legs just splayed wide like... like Gumby. Like his legs were made of Slinkies. "One of these days I'm going to fully exploit that, young man. You have not seen the limits of my genius," Tony said, settling between Peter's thighs for round four."Oh no, what am I going to do?" Peter grinned sleepily.*So. Sleeping with Tony was nice, especially when Tony woke him up after round two by setting a cold plate on his chest and feeding him small stuffed mushrooms and wine. Good wine, probably. From his mouth, which was more fun than it should be. Peter seriously could get used to this. But Tony's building freaked him out. Windows, floor to ceiling, and he knew from experience how badly people wanted a shot at him. Or of him. Of him was worse. He could defend himself if he was physically attacked."You need blackout curtains," Peter said, pulling his mask on with the sheet tented over his head."You are so kinky," Tony said. He trailed his fingers over Peter's jaw, down to his naked chest. "Show me the panties again."Peter stood and shoved Tony backwards so he bounced bonelessly on the bed. He wore Speedos under the suit, big deal! They didn't bunch and they gave him a little protection in case his suit got shredded. He slipped them on and stood in the middle of the bedroom, hands on his hips. "Happy?""Very sexy. Come here, and bring me my pants."Peter looked down. "What, these pants?""Yes, those pants.""Something you need in these pants?" Peter picked them up and looked through the pockets."Maybe. Give me--" Tony took a step forward; Peter did a back flip onto the ceiling.Peter grinned under the mask. He dangled the pants by the waistband, yanking them away when Tony grabbed for them. He took a few quick steps backwards across the ceiling, waving the pants enticingly."You think you're very cute, don't you?""You keep telling me I'm adorable.""Mutant powers are a fashion don't. I'm very turned off right now," Tony said, jumping for his pants."So stop chasing me." Peter crawled backwards under the door frame into the huge living room, pants wrapped around one arm."You have my phone, junebug, and without my phone I cannot call my assistant--" Tony jumped for Peter and almost got him.A female voice cleared her throat. Peter flattened himself against the ceiling automatically and looked down.Redhead. Looking up at him, then down at Tony, who was nude in the middle of the room. "Good morning, Miss Potts," Tony said."Good morning, Mr. Stark. I was wondering why we came to New York."Peter dropped Tony's pants on his head and leaped from living room ceiling to bedroom floor in one go. As he pulled his costume on, he thought he heard Tony say, "This still isn't the worst thing you've caught me doing."He smelled coffee. Oh, man, coffee. Still, it was deeply weird to walk into the living room and sit at the table next to Tony in his costume. "Spider-Man, Pepper Potts. Pepper, your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man. Don't ask his name. He's shy.""Good morning, ma'am," Peter said."Pleased to meet you." Pepper handed them both coffee. "Tony, you have a meeting at eight.""Don't wanna." Tony leaned over and kissed Peter on the mask."You have a meeting with Captain America. I'm not canceling for you. I've just about had it with him. Every time I talk to him, he tries to take away my PDA because it's too complicated for my little female brain."Peter snorted. Pepper frowned at him. "Maybe you could step on his foot with your spiky female shoes," Peter suggested.Pepper rolled her eyes. "I'm not going to cripple a man just because his brain hasn't caught up to 2009. But I'm not letting Tony skip the meeting, either. Tony, go take a shower, you stink. And wear the blue suit. And the charcoal tie with the cubes. And comb your hair so he doesn't call you a beatnik."Tony grumbled, but he got up from the table and slurped his coffee down noisily."Is there any milk for the coffee?" Peter asked."Of course. Let me--" Pepper reached for his cup."No! I've got it." Peter jumped up. Aunt May would never let him hear the end of it if he let a lady do what he could do very well himself. The fridge was right over there, and it was... full of everything. Wow. There was milk, yeah. Also cream. Also caviar. Peter thought about his web and took the cream."You're a growing boy. Eat." Tony put down his cup."I am not a growing boy." But he was hungry, now that he looked at the fresh strawberries in the shining wire mesh basket. And the soft cheese. And the hard bread. He bit the inside of his cheek to stop his mouth fro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Crossover
Superpowers

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

