Chapter 1: Oh, No He Didn't
    




Chapter Text
Loki snickered behind his hand, but it was one of actual amusement and not one that clearly meant you had fallen into his trap. Tony Stark could barely believe it. His day had begun with Clint purposely bringing up Howard in front of Steve just to piss Tony off and was apparently ending with a surprisingly pleasant dinner with a supervillain. Even with a life as odd as his, Tony hadn't seen this one coming.
Tony didn't even know what he'd done to piss the archer off in the first place. Okay, that was a lie. He knew exactly what he'd done.

 "Tony!"


The genius ducked behind his coffee mug as his teammate stormed into the communal kitchen. It wasn't that he thought the piece of ceramic would actually hide him, it was just his natural reaction. Still, he felt a little betrayed when Clint's angry glare settled on him.


"What the Hell did you do to my bow?!"


Tony had never reacted well to accusations and that definitely sounded like an accusation. He could almost feel the classic Stark Snark rear its ugly head.


"I fixed it, bird brain. Chill."


"It wasn't broken!"


"Psh, doesn't mean it doesn't need fixing. That thing could have been made by Hammer! Trust me, it's much better now."


Surprisingly, that didn't seem to reassure the archer at all.


"That doesn't mean you can just take it without permission! That bow is important to me, Tony!"


And, okay, Tony could totally see his point there, but he was still a Stark. As his father had always told him, Starks didn't apologize.


"Whatever, man. You'll be thanking me once you've tried it."


For a moment, Tony thought Clint might actually explode from anger. It didn't make him feel much better when the archer suddenly smiled instead. Without saying another word to the genius, he backed out of the door and left. Tony sipped his coffee suspiciously and didn't dare leave. It was almost ten minutes later that Clint re-entered the kitchen, talking animatedly with Cap.


"No way! That's crazy!" He turned to Tony, beaming as though he hadn't been yelling at him just minutes before. "Tony! Did you know your dad flew Steve across enemy lines on his first mission as Captain America? Talk about awesome! Say, can you pilot a plane?"


It had been a low blow, one Clint knew was a sure-fire way to get under the genius's skin. Tony still felt a rush of anger just thinking back on it. He'd meant well, even if he'd gone about it the wrong way. There'd been no reason to bring his father into things. (And, just for the record, Tony Stark could fly a plane…if he wanted to…he'd just never done so before.)


Luckily Steve, Clint's unwitting accomplice, figured out what was going on pretty quickly and put a stop to it. Tony had fled immediately to hide in his lab. He hadn't intended to come out for at least 12 hours, but life had other plans. The call for the Avengers to assemble had come in less than two hours later, just after 10AM.


Both Clint and Tony had been in sullen moods throughout the entire flight to Disney World where Loki was busy creating illusions of various villains from the classic movies and letting them run amuck. On any other day, Tony probably would have gotten a kick out of the whole thing and possibly even applauded Loki's efforts. As it was, he was too caught up in his anger to really care about anything else.


Still, he'd chastised himself, Clint had a point about Tony needing to ask permission before taking people's things. He'd been doing a lot of growing up since becoming Iron Man. Maybe it was time to be an adult and let this go. He didn't have to apologize, just not hold the fact that Clint had brought up Howard against the archer.


At the very least, it wasn't a decision he would have to make right away. Clint was a professional and the team was in the middle of a serious situation. There was no way Clint would let what had happened cause an even bigger problem in the middle of the fight…at least not for the first five minutes apparently.


Tony spun through the air, doing a quick loop around an opponent before firing a repulsor into Captain Hook's back. The one-handed pirate disappeared in a cloud of smoke, much as it seemed any of them would do once hit. The issue didn't come from being hard to destroy, it was just that Loki kept making MORE of them.


Steve's shield flew past to destroy Scar, who'd been leaping from on top of a building to attack Tony from behind. The inventor scooped it up and dropped it back off to its owner as he tackled the writhing mass of tentacles that was four individual Ursalas who had teamed up to cover each other's backs.


"Thanks for the save, Capsicle."


Tony figured he owed the man some curtesy after how quickly he'd handled the situation that morning. He was almost feeling good about the situation before Clint's voice had cut across the coms.


"Might want to check that shield, Cap. You never know what Stark might have done to it behind your back."


Tony had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Revenge
Don't touch Clint's things
Possessive Clint
FrostIron - Freeform
Loki's Kids
Odin's A+ Parenting
Suicide
Laufey's A+ Parenting
Laufey's Good Parenting
Hurt/Comfort
Serious Injuries
Protective Loki
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Feels
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Laufey is a DILF
Loki is also a DILF
It's Hereditary

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

