Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
Cover art by Celia Galbano:  

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Psalm 17:8:

 Keep me as the apple of your eye,
Hide me in the shadow of your wings. 
 
 
 She made broken look beautiful
and strong look invincible.
She walked with the Universe
on her shoulders and made it
look like a pair of wings. 

- Ariana Dancu
 
 December 16, 1991Orange light flickered beyond Maggie's closed eyelids. After the sensation of light came sound: crackling, glass tinkling, shuddering breaths."Howard!" Mom's voice. "Maggie, say something!"Maggie tried to open her mouth to speak, but a starburst of pain erupted in her head and ignited across her body. Everything hurt: her chest, her hips, her legs; she was slumped forward in the carseat, seatbelt pinching into her chest and her right leg stuck twisted under herself.Her ears rang like that time she'd forgotten to put on her earmuffs when she and Tony were exploding things in his workshop, and when she managed to crack her eyes open the world looked… blurry. She frowned, wincing at the pain.She remembered: they'd been driving, she'd been watching the dark forest blur past and trying to keep quiet. Then there'd been a motorbike-Maggie opened her eyes wider and the world dribbled into focus. Dad. He sat in the driver's seat, but his head rested on the steering wheel and… and…"Dad?" she croaked in a much smaller voice than she'd meant. Frightened by what she saw where his face should be, her eyes darted right, toward - "Mom?"Mom was making weird sounds, spluttering for breath, and when the fire burning from the hood of the car blazed a little brighter Maggie saw why: a man wearing entirely black armor stood outside Mom's window with his hand around Mom's neck. Maggie couldn't see his face since he wasn't looking into the car."Stop it!" Maggie cried, lurching forward to try to get his hand off Mom. But her seatbelt held her back, and a moment later the man let go of Mom's neck and stepped away. Mom had stopped making noise.Maggie squeezed her eyes shut and pulled at her seatbelt, hot tears sliding down her face and her heart pounding against her ribs. She coughed at the smoke filling the inside of the car. She heard a crunch of gravel, and realized that the man now stood outside her door. He had a silver arm which gleamed in the firelight.Wheezing, Maggie squeezed out from under the confines of her seatbelt and crawled to the other side of the car, crying out when a hot zap of pain shot up from her leg. Her hips and back felt numb, uncooperative, and it was only by feeling her way across the back seat and fumbling at the door handle that she managed to tumble out onto the gravel below. Cooler air brushed over her face and she screamed between her teeth at the pain coursing up and down her body.After a second of overwhelming sensation, she heard crunching gravel again. The man with the metal arm, circling the car and walking towards her.Maggie was the third-fastest girl in her class. Using the hummingbird-fast beat of her heart and her rushing emotions for strength, she pushed herself up to her feet and ran. Ran from the burning car, from dad's scarlet and empty face, from mom sitting still and quiet in her seat. Gravel flew beneath her feet and she had to concentrate not to fall-A metal hand seized her upper arm and jerked Maggie to a halt."No!" she screamed, trying to dig her feet into the gravel to push off into a sprint, but the man just turned and began walking back to the car, pulling her along with him. Maggie stumbled and got her feet under her, trying to pull at his metal fingers with her free hand. "Let me go!" As she pulled ineffectually, she looked up into the man's face.Dark hair framed his face, which was… utterly blank. He didn't look down at Maggie, didn't even look at the car. His eyes were cold. Empty.Something hot and terrified rose up in her throat, and Maggie gave up pulling at his fingers and swung a curled fist as high up on the man's stomach as she could reach. Her knuckles skidded off his armored vest and came away bloody. Tears blurred her vision and her breath came out in short, terrified gasps as she tried to jerk out of the man's grip.She didn't realize how close they'd gotten to the car until the man stopped and reached down to his hip for - a gun. Fear as cold as ice swept over Maggie and locked up her joints, making her sag in the man's hand. But instead of pointing it at her he swung the weapon up, up, before firing off a shot that made another starburst of pain erupt in Maggie's head from the volume of it. She glanced up to follow his aim, and saw a street camera with a shattered lens.The man with the metal arm holstered his gun, his metal hand still firmly wrapped around Maggie's aching arm, then turned and began to walk towards his motorcycle, parked on the other side of the road."No," Maggie choked out, slumped and sobbing as the man dragged her, and she turned
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Margaret Stark

freeform: 
Original Female Character - Freeform
Tony Stark's Sister
The Wyvern
Margaret Stark
Canon-Typical Violence
Stark Siblings - Freeform
Nicknames
Humor
Angst
Romance
Adventure
Slow Burn
seriously
Family

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Margaret Stark

