Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Bucky groaned and rolled over as the sound of his alarm blaring dragged him out of the silent peace of sleep and back into reality and his dark bedroom. He blearily peered at the red numbers glowing at him from his bedside table, even though logically, he already knew what they would tell him. Sure enough 1:00 was staring at him out of the darkness, and he groaned again, slapping his hand out to silence the beeping that was still ringing out from the stupid fucking thing. He had really thought that when he'd been discharged he'd be done with predawn wake up calls, but no. He lay there in the blessed silence, trying to convince himself to get up before finally giving in, throwing off his blankets. Stumbling naked from his bed, he wandered into his shower, washing quickly, still more than a little bit half asleep. By the time he’d finished up in the bathroom though, the coffee machine in the kitchen had beeped its readiness, and the smell of freshly brewed coffee was filling his small flat. Pulling on a ratty tee-shirt and torn jeans, he headed into the kitchen, pouring and inhaling a cup of coffee as he leaned against the counter. Finally beginning to feel a little bit awake, he savoured his second cup a bit more, lighting a cigarette and cracking a window. He would eat breakfast when he got into work, when he could steal a fresh bun from the oven and Clint could pretend to be annoyed with him, but for now, he was satisfied to stand and sip at his coffee. Putting his mug in the sink, he glanced out the window and cursed when all he saw was a swirl of white. Checking the time, he was relieved to find he was still a bit early, and after bundling up he headed outside and began the arduous task of shovelling out his car one-handed. He didn’t know why Clint had decided to open up a bakery in the city instead of their hometown of Newark. To be fair, Clint had been handing him real estate listings for flats in the city within his budget ever since he’d started work, but… well, Bucky didn’t really have a good reason behind his refusal to move to the city, besides the fact that it just felt like too much work. Besides, his flat in Ironbound might be a piece of shit, but he loved the neighborhood filled with working class people; he felt more at home in this small slice of the East Ward that he’d grown up in than he could ever imagine feeling in the city. And anyways, he knew for a fact that Clint missed the neighborhood, so there. Finally finishing shovelling out his car, Bucky got it started and heating up before running across the street to Seabra Foods to pick up a copy of Luso-Americano and 24horas Portuguese Daily Newspaper, to read on his breaks. Pushing open the door, he called out a greeting to the young man manning the counter - the grandson of old Mrs. Almedia who’d ran the store when he was a kid. She was still kicking around, and could often be found sitting out front by the fruit stand, gossiping with passerbys. He went to the beer cooler, grabbing a case of beer for the pão de cerveja he was planning on making later. This early in the morning (late at night) it was just him and Cristóvão and he chatted easily with the young man in Portuguese as Cristóvão retrieved the copies of the paper that he kept from the previous day for Bucky. His Portuguese had gotten very rusty while he’d been gone, but he was pleased to find that the longer he spent back in his old neighborhood, the more it came rushing back to him. The neighborhood was largely Portuguese, and while the white Barnes family had stuck out like sore thumbs when they had immigrated there in the 60s, they’d stuck around, and integrated into the community well enough that by the time Bucky came along, his godparents were a set of third-generation Portuguese immigrants named Frederico and María De Araujo. The De Araujo’s had become Bucky’s parents when he was eleven, and his father died in an accident on base at Camp Lehigh. His mother had died when his sister, Rebecca was only two, and the De Araugo’s and Becca were now Bucky’s only family. María had cried when Bucky came up to her and Frederico on his eighteenth birthday and told them he was enlisting, but he knew it was the right thing to do. In hindsight, he kind of really wished he hadn’t. Hurrying back across the road, he hopped into his now slightly-warm car, skidding slightly as he turned out onto the road and heading out towards the highway. His drive usually took about 30-40 min depending on how reckless he was feeling, but with the snow he thought he was going to be more like 50-60 min. Glancing at the radio, he saw it was just past 2am and cursed. Well, he’d be late or he wouldn’t be. Wasn’t much he could do about it at this point (wasn’t like Clint would really care either). Reaching out he quickly flicked the power button on the radio, cursing when all that came out was static. He let go of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Bakery
Bakery
Tattoos
Tattoo Artist Steve
Canon Disabled Character
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Trans Female Character
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Everyone is Queer
Aftermath of Violence
Non-Graphic Violence
Steve Rogers is a little punk
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
abuse of other languages
Families of Choice
Swearing
so much swearing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

