Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
The entire world could have fallen to ruin around his feet, and Steve Rogers would not lift a finger to stop it.His head was filled with cotton, his legs moved like stilts constructed of gelatin and rubber bands. Jarvis opened the door for him with only a muted greeting that Steve did not acknowledge. He took the elevator to the penthouse suite in such numb confusion that he stared at the open doors for several minutes before he remembered to move. He was aware of people around him, but he wasn’t aware of them as people, per se. He was aware of them with the same distant knowledge he had of his own feet. They tried to speak to him, but all he felt was the vibrations of their voices against his skin. They tried to think to him, but they sounded so far away.Steve stopped in the middle of the living room. He looked around, suddenly not sure of where he was, or why, or if that couch had always been such a strange shade of purple. His knees gave out all at once and he collapsed hard to the floor. Bodies fitted against him, warm familiar limbs, comforting scents. He was aware of his clothing lifting away, but couldn’t decide if it was something he should protest or not. Gentle hands moved him, and he let them. A blue light caught his attention and he curled toward it, cupped his hands over it to keep it safe. Another body settled against his back. He felt hands on his skin, fingers wrapped around his wrists, a palm resting on his thigh, a strong grip petting over his ribs.Steve closed his eyes and dreamed of the ocean. And Bucky.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Bucky/ Other (OC)
multiple
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Humor
some angstiness
Still pretty darn fluffy
Dubious Consentacles
but actually the consent is not dubious at all
I just like that tag
Phil is still awesome
Tentacles
Friendly alien
Colony
Multiple Partners
everyone is a little broken
but we don't cry about it
Plot Propelling Smut
Winter soldier compliant

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Bucky/ Other (OC)
multiple
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

