Work Text:

Raven looks back at it all and wonders why she didn’t realise something was wrong.
It’s a subtle shift.
Charles changes slowly, in the way he holds himself, how his body shifts with his shoulders high and tense as he mutely emits rage. She doesn’t question how he looks stunning. He looks his most beautiful in those moments, his rage magnificent and never-ending.
But Raven never questioned it, ignored the way Charles suddenly became all sharp angles and sinewy expanses between shoulder blades. These were the things not worth noticing. It was easy to ignore the perpetual scent that always lingered the hallways of their home, a sign that Charles was close by, lurking wherever the scent led her.
But it did come to her attention, like a hammer to the face, right about the time when they’re fighting Hellfire Club for the first time. Charles had stumbled his way through the debris surrounding them, trying to get a lock down on where everyone was when Azazel had teleported right in front of him.
She remembers it with absolute clarity, how he’d stilled, nostrils flaring as he sniffed the air and she'd thought Charles was doing his voodoo mind tricks. Azazel had dropped to his knees, taken Charles’ hand in his own, and professed his undying devotion, luring him with exotic locations along the way. ‘I swear, mi amor, I will take you wherever you want, just say the word. You will be my queen,’ he swore, as he kissed Charles’ hand while Charles looked mortified, trying to yank his hand out the way while it was being molested quite thoroughly.
That’s when she realised that this was way more than Charles and Erik screwing around like nymphomaniacs. This was all territorial wolf shit. Of course, this realisation came right about the exact moment Erik growled furiously and practically flung Azazel into a new dimension.
Well, well, shit’s about to get real.
*
July 23rd, Day One
It starts on a Tuesday.
They’ve been training for two-weeks now. It’s an early wake up call today, six in the fucking morning. She feels sluggish and Sean looks practically cross-eyed at this point. Moira, of course, is cheerful as usual, greeting her with a bright and dazzling smile that would frighten any motherfucker. She’s even got her make-up slapped on, ready for anything it seems.
Moira is buttering her toast at the table and Sean’s eating his cereal when Charles enters the kitchen. He looks freshly showered, cheeks flushed bright pink and eyes a misty blue. He looks like he’s spent the whole night initiating filthy acts, the kind she refuses to think of in the same sentence as her brother. Charles is an old fart in a questionable body, so Raven knows it’s an unlikely possibility. He’s probably been dreaming of ways to educate young, bright minds with the orgasm-inducing wonders of genetics.
But see, this isn’t what catches her attention. It’s the silence that spreads throughout the room, intense and suddenly suffocating in its speed. Charles carries on, clueless to his surroundings, surprisingly enough. He's humming a tune as he heads to the cupboard with the assorted selection of cereal in it.
Moira is staring at Charles, lips slightly parted, and for a second, Raven swears her eyes flicker to Charles’ ass as he bends over. Moira lets out a breathy sigh, disgustingly wistful and needy, before she jumps out of her seat
‘Do you need help Charles?’ she asks, rushing over to him, her hips ridiculously close to his.
Charles looks up from where he’s bent, shaking his head and then frowning at the contents of the cupboard, as if he’s making the most difficult decision of his life.
Moira flips her hair, letting out a high pitched giggle, and Raven is suddenly mesmerised along with Sean at the strange occurrence taking place in front of them. It's like watching those strange nature programs about wolves and hippos that Erik is trying to enforce onto them all.
Moira leans down. ‘Are you sure Charles? I can make you something if you’d like.’ Charles stares at her, taking her offer into consideration. ‘I’m really good at boiling eggs,’ Moira says in a rush, as if this will clearly seal the deal.
Raven notices how Sean is looking at Charles in a funny way, his spoon still frozen in mid air. He  sniffs the air for a moment, eyes suddenly glazing over. He looks like he’s just spent on hour watching some good quality porn.
She looks back at Charles and suddenly feels a tremor rush through her body.
She whips her head around, and sure enough, there’s Erik standing in the entrance of the kitchen, vibrations slowly pulsing though the room with a steady increase. Sean’s spoon flies up in the air, before landing in his bowl with a rattle and spraying him with milk and Cap'n Crunch.
Erik’s watching Moira, eyes narrowed, but otherwise unaffected. Raven notes how Moira’s whole body tenses for a moment before she gives Charles a smile and returns to her forgotten toast, ready for a fight and chin jutting out as she passes by Erik like she's fucking Muhamma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

