Work Text:
“So this can get me drunk?” Steve asked, raising a skeptical eyebrow as he looked at the large casks Thor had just rolled into Tony’s penthouse. “These are the finest of Asgardian meads!” boomed the god, clasping a hand on Steve’s shoulder and Steve couldn’t suppress his wince, “The Warriors Three, Sif, and myself have had many joyous times consuming these meads!” He looked down at the barrels with a fond smile on his face. “Riiiiiiiight,” drawled Tony, walking around them, “the point is, if they get Thor smashed, I’m pretty sure they’ll work on you Cap, even with your metabolism.”“It seems a bit irresponsible…” Steve said, and Tony rolled his eyes, knowing that it was just a token protest. The Avengers had been working on convincing their fearless leader to get drunk with them for weeks, ever since Thor had mentioned the potency of Asgardian mead, and there was no way he was going to back out now, not since Thor went and brought the mead back from Asgard with him just for this occasion. “C’mon Cap!” Clint shouted as he walked into the room, trailed by Natasha and Sam. “Lets do this thing!”“Bruce-” Steve began, somewhat desperately, but Natasha cut him off. “Banner isn’t coming, you know why, the same doesn’t apply to you, you are drinking.” And there wasn’t really any arguing with that tone of voice. ----------“And then he started to cry!” Natasha finished, and the entire group was gasping for air as they laughed. “An excellent tale!” boomed Thor as he raised his cup to Natasha, “you are truly a fearsome warrior, and any man should tremble before you!” Natasha preened at his words, smirking as she looked around the room at her teammates. “Damn straight,” Clint said, looking proud. “Man, those Hammer Industry guys had no idea what they were dealing with!” Tony crowed, obviously enjoying any story that had Hammer being humiliated (or his hired hands, it was a proxy thing, whatever). ----------Thor and Clint were dueling it out on DDR – “Why do you own DDR Tony?” “Shut up Clint.” – while the rest of the team just stared in amazement. Clint was a better dancer than any of them would have guessed (despite the acrobatics and stunts he pulled while fighting, the man did not come across as particularly graceful, an effect emphasized by the band aid currently decorating the bridge of his nose). But while Clint was technically winning the game, Thor… Thor was impossible to look away from. The instant the two men had begun dancing, Tony had had his camera out, recording every moment.Afterwards, Clint would clap Thor on the shoulder and solemnly tell him that was the best thing he had ever seen in his entire life, while the god blushed and grinned. ----------The group was crowded around a table in the corner of the room, shots of vodka sitting on the table in front of them all (besides Steve and Thor, who both had full cups of mead in front of them). “Okay,” Tony was saying seriously, “we all know the rules here?”“Yes Tony,” Steve replied, rolling his eyes exaggeratingly, “you know, they had this game around when I was a kid?” “Really?” Clint asked, sounding surprised, “I didn’t think they had fun in the 30s.”“We had fun,” Steve replied petulantly. “We had lots of fun. Just… not much food. Or heat. Or medicine.” he shrugged as his friends looked slightly disturbed by that bit of information.“I understand!” Thor stated, interrupting the awkward moment, “Lady Darcy taught this game to me! She is a skilled opponent, though my Lady Jane is perhaps a bit more ruthless!” he grinned widely, and the rest of them looked at him out of the corner of their eyes, both wanting and not wanting to know the story behind that statement. “Aaaaaanyways,” drawled Natasha, bringing everyone’s attention back to the game in front of them “lets get started.”“I’m going first!” Sam quickly interjected, sitting up straight. He wanted to get a grasp on how extreme the group was going to be before his turn, since his opinion that this was a bad game to play was superheros had fallen on deaf ears. He looked around the room, trying to decide who to pick, finally settling on Clint, trusting the man’s easy-going nature to make this a painless experience. “Clint, truth or dare?” “Hmmmmmm,” Clint rubbed at his chin before replying, “Dare” with a huge grin. Sam responded with a wide smile of his own. “Alright fellow birdman, I dare you to… prank call Fury.” Clint paled, but stood, determined, and walked over the phone, the others trailing behind him, eyes wide as they watched him dial.“Hello?” he said, voice wavering only slightly, “yes, I wanted to ask if your refrigerator was running.” They couldn’t quite make out Fury’s replied, but from the volume they could guess it wasn’t pleasant. Clint flinched slightly before bravely pushing onwards, “because you’d best chase after it!” He slammed the phone down, and the others let up a cheer, patting him on the back as he shook slightly, and collectively ignoring the phone when it immediately began ri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Drunkenness
Drunken Shenanigans
Drinking Games
Domestic Avengers
Humor
Truth or Dare
Drinking
DDR
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Angst
Implied/Referenced Suicide attempt
Angst
I'm Sorry

fandom: 
None
