Chapter 1



Notes:
tw // self harm, suicide




Chapter Text
Graham Montague glares at the shadowy, black serpent and skull etched into his left forearm. The mammoth design is impossible to ignore. Even though it has faded slightly overtime, it still stings like a bitch—feels like his whole limb is submerged in scalding, hot water. No amounts of drugs or alcohol can numb the overwhelming pain bursting from his arm to the rest of his body. It coils around his veins, infiltrates his muscles, and melts his bones with ease.And he can't fucking take it anymore.The mark has been tormenting him for days and keeping him awake at night.  When he does find time to sleep, his dreams are corrupted by the evil remnants of the mark still floating around in his body, mixed with tainted oxygen that filters through his system. No matter how morally good he tries to be, he cannot escape his past. Voldemort lives with him—upon him—forever.He’s a prisoner to the mark.And even though Voldemort was killed two years ago, Graham can still feel the consequences of the mark in every little thing he does—when he talks to people, when he eats, when he listens to his vinyl, when he practices petty magic, when he sleeps, when he makes love. It plagues every facet of his life.Demons. His fucking demons. They slice through his intestines, hang like monkeys upon his veins, and fold his spirit into itself, suctioned like dust in front of a vacuum down into the dark abyss in the pit of his stomach. They swallow his eyes from the inside, seize and confiscate his ability to smell and taste, and utterly destroy every inch of his being. Those demons—they stem from the mark, which constantly vibrates and ebbs upon his pale arm. He sees it through his blurry vision. He can feel it dance with pleasure. It is relentless.He grips the sides of the porcelain sink in his bathroom, lowering his head into the basin and screaming into the rusted drain. Tired.That's what he is.Fucking exhausted by this tattoo. Unquestionably haunted by his past actions—actions that do not characterize who he is now, or rather, who he is trying to be. His piercing cry echoes throughout the small room, bouncing off of the evergreen tiled walls and continuously ringing in his ears.He is alone, except for a small, external presence which looms in the atmosphere around him. It’s like a fire that surrounds him, smothers his vision, and steams the contents of his body. A burning, blazing force which, like the mark, is inescapable. So long as the mark remains stitched into his body, the fire will persist.And there is also a voice that will not stop pestering his brain. It speaks to him, unremorsefully.He doesn’t know who’s voice it is—it sounds nothing like his, yet it’s familiar. 
Do it.
Graham pants heavily, his eyes widening and burning. Sweat pours from his temples, fusing with the tears flowing from his inflamed eyes. He blinks and shifts his groggy eyesight to the line of white powder atop the left side of the bathroom counter.
Go on. It'll feel fucking fantastic.
Obeying the voice as if he has no other option, Graham wastes no time bending over and forcing his left nostril shut with his quivering index finger. He lines the powder below his right nostril, takes a deep breath, grits his teeth, and inhales the substance, shifting his head several inches forward to subsume as many grains as possible, mind the poor and rushed form of the snort.It shoots up his nose and sends its tantalizing message straight to Graham's system.He rises abruptly, pinching the bridge of his nose and scrunching his eyes shut as he attempts to tolerate the harsh upshoot of the substance. It rushes to his brain, into his blood stream—every inch of his fragile, traumatized body feels the cocaine crawl throughout it, like frantic ants rushing to a delectable food source. He emits a sullen groan, allowing his body to surrender itself to the drug. It too holds him captive. He loosens the tension in his shoulders as the sweet sensation of cocaine colonizes him.Situated in the left corner of the sink is an almost empty bottle of fire whiskey; its spout glistens, tempting Graham to demolish the contents of the bottle with his throbbing tongue and eager throat. He grabs it and chugs the remnants, the cool snow and the cinnamon liquor infusing within his system. The elements work together, breeding an unsteady heart rate and a pulsating head rush.In mere seconds, the bottle is empty. Graham grips the 12 oz. jug in his shaking hand, staring at it with red eyes, wishing there could be more. He could use his magic to conjure up an additional bottle, but what good would it do? It would be a waste of perfectly good fire whiskey. And he would no doubt feel just as fucking terrible after consuming another bottle as he did now. So, there is simply no point.No point to anything.The forces within him collide, battling over which one holds the most control over him. He’s lost autonomy. The cocaine, the alcohol, and the Da
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hermione Granger/Draco Malfoy
Theodore Nott/Pansy Parkinson
Blaise Zabini/Daphne Greengrass
Harry Potter/Adrian Pucey

freeform: 
Slow Burn
dramione - Freeform
Slytherin
PostWar
posthogwarts
Drugs
Drug Addiction
Drug Abuse
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Hermione is a baddie
Dark Mark
Suicide Attempt
Self-Harm
Trauma
Death Eaters
the rents are out of Azkaban
all the Slytherins got dark marks
drug overdose
Drug Overdose Attempt
Protective Draco
Addiction
Violence
Death
Adrian is the light of my life
Tattoo Draco Malfoy
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
Hermione Granger/Draco Malfoy
Theodore Nott/Pansy Parkinson
Blaise Zabini/Daphne Greengrass
Harry Potter/Adrian Pucey

