Chapter 1: Totally Not Freaking Out
    




Chapter Text
Peter groaned as he sat up from the cold concrete floor. He looked around in the dim space trying to ignore the throbbing at the back of his head. He remembers walking back from decathlon and then – Peter shot up and immediately scanned the room for his kidnapper. He is still in his civilian clothes, so he was taken as Peter Parker…right? He got his answer a moment later when a figure started to groan to his left, Peter quickly scuttled back to his corner to avoid being seen to try to figure out the situation. With his enhancements, he could see the figure and holy smokes was that Black Widow?!?! Sure, enough the super spy sat up and rubbing her head assessing the situation - without any enhancements, Peter assumed he was safe for now. Next to him laid the others- Peter defiantly was NOT freaking out, no not at all! No other than THE War Machine, The Falcon, Hawkeye and crap Tony Stark were scattered around the small room. Peter soon realised whoever kidnapped them must’ve known he was Spiderman and were very good if they managed to successfully capture most of the world’s mightiest heroes. He couldn’t figure out which was worse, his kidnappers knowing he was spiderman or meeting the freaking avengers while kidnapped. He got his answer a moment later when the rest of them started waking up from whichever drug they used to capture them. The avengers, bare Tony, didn’t know he was Spiderman. And there was no way he could meet THE AVENGERS as nerdy Peter Parker! Not to mention the fact he tried to imprison them four months ago. The rest of the avengers began gaining awareness of the situation and nobody spoke. Peter could see the shock and slight fear in Tony’s eyes from his corner, but he doubted anyone else could due to the pitch dark corner he resided in. He wanted nothing more than to hug his mentor but he knew they weren’t there yet. Ever since homecoming three weeks ago the pair have been growing closer. Peter would have lab days once a week, and it quickly became his favourite time of the week. Tony always managed to have his lab cleaned and full of snacks by Wednesday afternoon, waiting by the door for Peter to walk in – unknown to Peter this was FAR different from the normal state the genius worked in. He was much closer to the billionaire's heart than he thought. “What the hell happened?” Clint broke the silence staring between Nat and Tony. The party was still blissfully unaware of Peter’s presence, not wanting to draw attention to himself in front of his hero’s he stayed hidden.The tension in the room was obvious and did not help the situation they were currently in. “I think a better question would be how the hell do we get out,” Rhodey replied surveying the concrete room and the reinforced metal trap on the roof surrounded by the small holes of light coming from the ceiling providing the only source of light. Peter tried to listen for any sign to where they were but only heard some grass, an animal of sorts and five heartbeats of the heroes around him along with the humming of a camera of some sort most likely watching them. "First recon - who the hell is in here?" Natasha said trying to scan for the people in the room. Peter saw Tony tense at the former friend's voices - he didn't know much about what happened after the fight at the airport but he knows Tony had been more stressed - if his heartbeat was anything to go by. "Well, obviously you, katniss and Honeybear are all here as well as me. Remember me? The guy who you betrayed and whatnot - hows your vaycay going anyway?" Tony snarked while checking himself for any of his weapons. They were all gone. "Nice to see you too Stark," Sam spoke to the group, Peter swore he saw his eyes roll. "AH! Sam, glad you could join the party," Tony replied finally standing up and moving towards the others. Rhodey was quick to come to Tony's side and holds his arms out. "Whoa whoa whoa, let's hold up," he walks between the two groups. "Why don't we put this feud on pause until we figure out where the hell here is?" Rhodey looked up at the trap door five metres above him and sighed. No way they could get to that hatch and try to unlock it without any help. "Yeah ok, and um Rhodes I just want to say-""Its fine Clint honestly - nothing wrong with a new pair of legs. Let's just focus on the situation." Natasha moved forward."From what I can gather the only entry point is the trap door on the roof. I can't get a good look in the dark but it is most likely reinforced. I assume we are all disarmed as well?" Her question was followed by some mumbles in agreement. Peter was getting uncomfortable being hidden but not sure what else to do. "I would kill for a Spider-baby right about now," Tony whispered under his breath, too quiet for anyone without super-hearing to understand. Peter guessed that was about as good as an invitation to make his presence known. He slowly crept down the wall and let his landing be hear
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Avengers Family
eventually
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Parent Tony Stark
more tags to come
Tony Stark joins the dad club
Irondad Cliche Bingo
spiderson
Hurt/Comfort
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Happy Ending
Domestic Avengers
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Peter Parker

fandom: 
None
