Work Text:
It's dim in the bunker, the only light the flickering glow of the lamp on the desk where Steve is sitting, papers and maps spread out in front of him like a mosaic. The sounds of sirens are muffled by the thick concrete walls, rising and falling as the whistles and crashes of the bombs echo through the ground, sometimes close enough to rattle the pencils in the stationary holder by Steve's elbow. The door to the room – small, a bit musty, just a desk and a narrow cot, really – is re-enforced and thick enough to block out any noise that isn't shaking the city to its core anyway. It's good. No one can hear the desperate sounds coming out of Bucky's throat as he buries his face into the pillow, fingers grasping, clenching and unclenching, into the rough fabric of the bedsheets. 'Please, Steve,' he begs, and Steve sighs and looks up from the work spread out in front of him, glancing over. 'What?' he asks, tapping the end of his pencil against he wooden desk. It tap, tap, taps in time with the sirens above. Peggy glances at him out of the corner of her eye, the corner of her lip quirking up as she pulls away from Bucky a little bit. It's not that its not a good sight, Bucky spread out, face down and naked, with Peggy behind him like she is, her hands pulling his ass cheeks aside and mouth buried between them, eating him out just the way Bucky both loves and can't stand. It's a great picture, actually: Steve could watch them all day. It's just that he's busy. He's got work to do. If they're going to have to be locked up underground while the bombs whistle above, he's not going to just spend it getting naked and messy like that. He's going to spend his time doing something useful. At least, that's how he puts it to Bucky, who just groans, deep in his throat. 'Come over here,' he pleads. 'She's torturing me, Steve. Your girl is a sadist.'Steve smirks, looks back at his papers. 'What makes you think I'll torture you any less?' he asks. 'Have you been a gentleman?' There's no real point in asking, because he knows the answer well enough. He was watching them before, even as he pretended he didn't. Watched the way Bucky had pulled Peggy into his lap and filled her up with two fingers, buried his face in her hair and breathed in, even as he moved his wrist so fast, palm rubbing against her mons and clit, that his hand was almost a blur. She had come apart then, thighs shaking and nails digging into Bucky's shoulder, leaving sharp pink indents. 'Yes,' Bucky moans now. Peggy licks deep into him one more time, and looks up and Steve, shaking her head in disagreement. 'He gave me one,' she says, sounding unimpressed. Slowly, teasingly, she rubs her thumb against the now loose muscle of Bucky's entrance, pushing just a little bit of the way inside, and Steve has to forcefully drag his gaze away again. 'How many do you want?' 'Oh, come on,' Bucky objects, but the words trail off into a strangled noise as Peggy quickly pushes her thumb all the way inside him, sharp and fast. Steve peeks, out of the corner of his eye, just catches the way Bucky jerks with the sudden intrusion, hips grinding down into the mattress. 'You're not being fair.''Hm,' Steve says, and quickly jots something down onto the map in front of him. In truth, it's just to make himself look busy. The air is thick with the smell of sex, heady and intoxicating. Distracting enough that he's been staring at the same thing in front of him for the last fifteen minutes or so, but Bucky doesn't have to know that. 'Well, it's up to Peggy,' he decides. 'She outranks me.''Three,' Peggy says, and Steve doesn't even look back over, but he can tell from the wet sounds and the breathless noise that Bucky lets out that she's gone back to eating him out. She better be careful about that. Steve knows Bucky can come from that alone. 'There you go,' he mutters to Bucky, lifting up one of the maps to check some notes underneath, and scribbles something into the margins. 'Only two to go.'Out of nowhere, there's a solid, thunk of a noise, and Steve has to stifle a laugh as he realises that Bucky has slammed his fist into the wall, choking back what sounds to be close to a scream. 'Peggy, you better stop that,' he says through chuckles, glancing over as she pulls back, making a slightly offended noise. Bucky's other hand is coming up to his mouth, and he's biting down hard on his knuckles. He's doing his best, Steve thinks fondly. Bucky knows not to come until he's allowed. 'He'll blow his top.''Barnes, if you can't control yourself, we're going to have to stop entirely,' Peggy tells him sharply. Shuffling back so that she's sitting on her knees, she reaches out to tug Bucky's uniform trousers off from where they're tangled up around his ankles. 'Alright, alright, doll,' Bucky grouses into the pillow, and pushes himself up onto his shaking elbows just as Peggy lands a sharp, flat palmed slap onto the curve of his ass. 'Excuse me?' she asks, and Steve cant help but swivel aro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rimming
Voyeurism
Threesome - F/M/M
Fingerfucking
Finger Sucking
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
BDSM
Light Sadism
Dom/sub
Sub Bucky Barnes
Face-Sitting
Teasing
Banter
Playful Sex
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
Edging
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
ruined orgasm

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

