Chapter 1: i found the savior (i don't think he remembers)
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Remind me again why I’m doing this.”Clint sighs but doesn’t look up from where he’s trying to find a vein in Bucky’s sole flesh arm. Clint’s kind of shit at it, but he’s familiar and an omega and pretty much the only person Bucky can stand right now because his employers shot him up full of suppressant-neutralizers and his hormones are going haywire.“Because the defrosted pillar of truth, justice, and the American way woke up and went into rut,” Clint recites dully, incredulity at this turn of events having faded into resignation out of sheer self-preservation. Bucky gets it. “It’s his first rut in, what, seventy years? And suppressants aren’t working. It might kill him.”“Why me?” Bucky laments.He doesn’t call it whining; this is justified, dammit.Clint isn’t fazed.“Because you’re our only enhanced omega. Our only enhanced anything, actually. If we send some poor, normal fucker into that containment room, Cap might just kill them with his dick.”Bucky grimaces. He doesn’t know what it says about his life that it has landed him ass-up, face-down in these circumstances.Clint finally manages to find a vein. Bucky watches the plunger drop. He’s pretty sure he’s imagining the warmth spreading through his veins. Heat inducers need time to work—not a lot but definitely more than a second. Between this and the neutralizers, he doesn’t even want to think of what his chemical makeup looks like right now.Will Rogers be able to smell it on him? Would it even matter? Captain America or not, the guy’s an alpha in a long-delayed rut. All he’ll care about is having a tight hole around his knot, and Bucky’s got that dubious honor.“You did agree to this,” Clint points out mildly. He swabs gently at Bucky’s elbow with some cotton. “You can still back out.”“I’m going to be in induced heat in ten minutes. If that American asshole doesn’t fuck me, I might die.”Alright, that’s an exaggeration. A shitton of studies have proven that induced heats are stronger and more demanding than regular ones, but Bucky won’t die, unlike Rogers. That’s why he’s there though. If they could have just let Rogers ride it out with his hand or some toys, they would have. But they can’t.Bucky wasn’t in station when they woke Rogers and fresh hell broke loose. His pheromones triggered heats in most of the omegas in that wing, even those who were bonded or on suppressants, and it was a good thing the poor guy had enough sense then to barricade himself in his room-slash-prison because they’d have had pandemonium otherwise.That was five hours ago. Since then, Rogers has been lost to the rut and the facility damn near evacuated. And Fury pulled Bucky out of D.C. and called him here to get fucked. Literally.Jesus.“Hey.” Clint sits beside him and puts his arm around Bucky. It’s a little awkward but comforting all the same. “It’ll be alright. We won’t let you get hurt.”“I know. Just—this is weird, alright? And I mean it. Audio surveillance only. No visuals.”“Fury doesn’t like it,” Clint says frankly. “But he’ll make sure of it. And I’ll make sure he’ll make sure of it. Just in case.”He winks, and Bucky absurdly feels a little better. - He’s led to Rogers’s room like a lamb to the slaughter.Bucky shakes his head. Impending heats make him dramatic. Clint is with him, but there’s an eerie lack of personnel in the long, winding corridors between the medical wing and the containment cells. The atmosphere is better suited to having some cuck-crazy supervillain in holding rather than one rutting alpha. But then, Rogers’s serum-laced pheromones are nothing to scoff at. Bucky’s body reacts, nipples hardening, cock throbbing, not that it needs much encouragement with the heat inducers working its magic.It's Clint’s reaction that fascinates him. He’s bonded to two alphas, and neither Nat nor Laura is weak, but even he’s biting his lip and looking distinctly flustered by the time they reach Rogers’s door.He goes to open the door, and Bucky stops him.“No. Leave first.”“But—”“No buts. I appreciate your company, and it did help calm me down. But if it’s this bad despite the fucking scent-proof door, then I can’t even imagine what’s gonna happen when we open this thing.”“He’s restrained,” Clint says weakly.“He’s not what I’m afraid of. I can afford to lose it and go heat-crazy. That’s the whole point of this shit. You can’t. Scram.”Gratitude wars with hesitance on Clint’s face as he stands there staring at Bucky, but he nods after a minute and starts to back away.“Good luck. Remember, you’re safe. We’ll come get you—”“Yes, yes, just go.”Clint huffs but turns around and marches off at a pace that says he really wants to run but won’t because he doesn’t want to freak Bucky out. It’s too late, but Bucky appreciates the sentiment.He turns to the door once Clint is out of sight. The access pad looks far more intimidating than it ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
SHIELD Agent Bucky Barnes
Dubious Consent
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Painful Sex
Marathon Sex
Knotting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

