Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Bucky


Somehow, against all odds, it’s possible to feel lonely in a room full of people he loves. 

He’s keeping himself busy-looking by adjusting the pine garland across the mantle of his childhood home. You see, busy-looking is a trick. A trick that he’s honed from childhood. It’s his way of hiding in plain sight. Because if he’s busy, or at least 

looks 

busy, people will leave him alone. At least for a while. 

Frank Sinatra croons in the background while Bucky places sprigs of holly berries, pine cones, and baby’s-breath evenly down the twelve foot garland. It has to be perfect. Not because anyone cares-- his large family isn’t concerned with the concept of perfection, far from it actually-- no, it needs to be perfect because he’s spent so damn long arranging it that he’d feel stupid if it didn’t look absolutely right. 

Around him, the family is busy with other decorations in the sitting room and… alcohol. Alcohol is a definite activity, as per usual. 

His mother is in the kitchen baking more cookies than a Keebler Elf does in its entire lifetime. Judging by the yelling directed at the tv, his siblings and cousins are upset with the scores of some big game and what kind of intervention the refs need due to some play or another. Honestly, Bucky has no clue. Sports are all the same to him, sound the same too. 

Everyone is distracted. But it won’t be long before all the joking and conversation rounds the room to him. 

Who are you dating? Why aren’t you dating?

 He’ll smile awkwardly, and someone will call him shy as usual, and then Bucky’ll blush and that will start another set of discussion points about his appearance. They love him, and the teasing is always good natured 

but… 

it’s still teasing. 

It’s silly that he feels as if he doesn’t fit in, but even now, at twenty-two years old, he feels out of place in the bustle of his huge family. He’s child number four of four-- and even though he’s a twin, somehow he managed to pop out last 

and 

be the only Omega in the family apart from his mother. A whopping two in one type of deal that sometimes he feels as if he drew the shorter stick of. 

He loves them all-- even his brood of infinite cousins-- but he just prefers them one at a time. He’s not shy, not really, he’s just entirely overwhelmed in groups. Especially after the last few years. Being the focus of attention has always been uncomfortable for him, but his siblings thrive in it: Robby, twenty-eight, is the oldest and the prime specimen of Alpha if there ever was one; Johnny, twenty-six, is the muscle and the athlete; Rebecca, his twin, is the soldier and she’s been around the world doing things that rival superheroes in the comics; and then, there’s him. He’s good at… being James Buchanan Barnes. 

He likes his quiet apartment in town. He likes his quiet job for his grandparents. His quiet life crafted with just the right balance of solitude and family. But today is a good day. It isn’t Christmas for another week, but today is even 

better 

than Christmas. Why? Because his sister is finally coming home. 

Bucky checks the time. It won’t be long now. 

Becca is the only exception to the ‘family makes him feel weird’ rule. She’s just finished her second tour from somewhere in the Middle East and this will be her first Christmas home in a few years. 

Consequently, the celebration of Christmas is destined to be more like a weeklong festival this year. His mom is determined to make up for Becca’s lost Christmases. While having a big family already means lots of traditions, it seems like this year is going to go off the rails into Christmas mania. In fact, his mom actually took notes on one of her legal pads while watching 

The Santa Clause. 

Notes. Probably things like ‘source a reindeer’ or ‘pay the town’s children to dress up like elves’. But no matter what, Becca will love it. 

All of it. 

He supposes a reindeer wouldn’t be so bad. And he likes kids. Just not a lot of them in a small space. 

But he’s not crazy about figgy pudding. His mom sent an email last week putting him in charge of it. For fifty people. That’s a lot of figgy. That’s a lot of people, too. The least she could have done is allowed him to make plum flavored instead-- cause that’s the good shit right there. 

But he’s looking forward to having Becca home. It’s been hard without her the last few years. Probably good for him in a lot of ways considering how attached they’ve been-- or, at least, him to her. But they’re twins. His other half. They can communicate without words, and nobody makes him laugh like she does. Skype is a poor substitute. 

The game switches to a commercial break, so he slips into the kitchen and takes a deep breath. So far, so good. 

“Just in time,” his mom says. “The cookies are ready to decorate.” 

He looks at the shapeless cookies that line the counter. He grabs one and holds it up to the light, wondering why it has a hole in the middle of what could have m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-World War II Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Age Difference
Size Difference
Protective Steve Rogers
Mpreg
Knotting
Breeding
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Bearded Steve Rogers
fast burn
Virgin Bucky
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Christmas fic
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

