Chapter 1: The beginning
    




Chapter Text
Harry woke up to the screaming of a very hungry baby. Grabbing his glasses with a deep sigh from the bedside table he swung himself out of the bed not even bothering to change out of his red, silk pjs since he knew from experience that the baby would not wait.“Tempus,” Harry cast then proceeded to mumble, “Great… 5am”He shuffled across the carpeted floor to the small blue bassinet.“Hey, Teddy-Bear! You hungry?” He cooed at the now black haired, green eyed baby staring up at him. It had been about 6 month since the end of the war, 5 months since he became Teddy’s guardian and 4 months since he had seen any of his friends. So-called “friends”, he thought, they think I don’t notice the whispered conversation but their wrong. Thinking back on it Harry knew everything didn’t add up. Mrs Weasley knew about the bars on his windows from Fred and George yet did nothing, just patted him on the back and told them to stop lying. However, Harry was suddenly brought out of his musings by a whimper. “I’m sorry Teddy-Bear, lets get you your food” he said as he cradled Teddy in his arms and gently rocked him while walking to the kitchen. His one-bedroom flat in Kensington wasn’t much but it was his, that’s more than he could say for the clothes he wore for the whole of his childhood. It had one roomy bedroom, a living room/office space containing a two seater couch, a coffee table, toys sporadically covering the floor and every wall was covered in bookcases full of books. Then there was an open plan into the kitchen which only contained a wooden table with one chair in the centre alongside the other stereotypical kitchen appliances. Harry didn’t need much to be happy but he was hoping to get a job soon to start giving Teddy everything he deserved. The problem was the gawking and staring that came with being the Boy-Who-Wouldn’t-Died, he rolled his eyes at the title. He just wanted to be himself. Slowly, the milk bottle he had grabbed from the cupboard under a preservation, began to heat up with a flick of his hand.Harry had found that following his death his magic had grown exponentially with his wand merely being there for show more so than anything else. If there was one thing he had learnt before the war, in a cupboard under the stairs, it was to be underestimated. Hermione always pestered him about his OWLs, questioning how he managed to get into an O in Potions. What she didn’t know was that Harry actually got an O in all his subjects, even achieving the highest mark in wizarding history in Defence. However, Hermione was terribly jealous and uptight believing that if she hadn’t read it herself or if Dumbledore hadn’t said it then it was wrong.As the timer went off Harry careful grabbed the milk bottle and poured some milk onto his wrist to test the temperature, even though he knew the charm automatically set it to the same temperature every time you can’t be too cautious. The second the milk was waved in front of his face, the nipple titled towards his lips, Teddy began to make grabbing motions towards it. He latched on and began to greedily drink the milk. Harry watched Teddy taking in his sparkling green eyes that changed to be identical to his very own, however his hair now taking on a bright yellow reflecting Teddy’s happiness as he drank his milk.Suddenly a brown, speckled owl appeared at the window carrying a letter. Harry flicked his wrist to allow the owl in. He took the letter and directed the tired looking bird towards the perch in the corner of the living room area which had a water bowl and self-dispensing treats. After watching the owl get settled Harry turned back towards the letter, he immediately noticed the seal. It was from Gringott’s. Harry had sent them a letter after the end of the war apologising for the breaking in and explaining why it was necessary. He even offered to help with the damages that had been occurred as a result. He had received a formal reply merely accepting the apology. After Teddy was finished and burped Harry moved out of the kitchen and placed him in a play pen with hanging dragons and magical creatures all over it. Seeing Teddy happy and cooing at the dancing dragons above him Harry decided to finally turn his attention to the letter. Sitting down on the couch Harry rip open the letter, taking note of the official seal, and began to read.“Dear Heir Potter-Black,	We, Gringott’s Wizarding Bank, are writing to you about your Lordships. You were officially declared an adult at 14 years old, however, your previous magical guardian responded on your behalf that you wished to focus on your studies. We have however, sent several letters to you that you have not responded to regarding your finances. Now that you have reach 17 years old, we request that you visit Gringott’s Wizarding Bank to discuss your Lordships and finances.May your enemies tremble beneath your sword,
Rocksharp
Potter Account Manager”Harry dropped the letter, he couldn’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Fred Weasley Lives
Molly Weasley Bashing
Ron Weasley Bashing
Hermione Granger Bashing
Ginny Weasley Bashing
Avengers bashing

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

