Work Text:

1
“How’s Steve doing?” Rhodey asks, pressing a freshly refilled tumbler of scotch into Tony’s hand as he comes to a halt at his side, gaze fixed on the man in question.Tony shoots him a grateful smile, emptying the drink in one go. God, he hates these publicity things. “Better, I think. Now that he knows Bucky’s safe and not out there being hunted down or running around exploding HYDRA facilities. Which happened. On more than one occasion.”Rhodey chuckles, but it sounds strained and Tony turns to him, brows drawn together.“He’s calmer. More settled,” he shrugs, swirling the ice around in his glass. “Happy to be home where he’s got constant access to hot showers and fewer people shooting at him.”“How are you?” Rhodey wants to know after a moment. “The two of you?”Tony’s frown deepens in confusion. “We’re good, we’re perfect. Never been better.”“Okay,” Rhodey hums and Tony knows there’s more coming, but he leans back against the wall, eyes drifting back to Steve and Bucky out on the dance floor, Bucky’s movements graceful and assured while Steve stumbles along and does his best not to fall or step on anyone’s toes.Watching him, Tony would definitely believe all the jokes about having two left feet if he hadn’t seen Steve in action, on the battlefield in the middle of pure chaos, perfectly in control of every single part of himself, jumping and twisting without so much as a hint of doubt in his body’s abilities.Steve miscalculates and it’s only Bucky’s arm darting out and around his waist that keeps him from meeting the floor at full speed. He scowls and Bucky laughs, reaching out to flick his cheek before brushing a strand of wayward hair away from his forehead, murmuring quietly. Steve groans and blushes, though he doesn’t protest when Bucky pulls them back into position for another try.Rhodey awkwardly clears his throat. “They seem close.”Ah. Grinning challengingly, Tony turns to face him, eyes glinting mischievously. “Do you remember the tango classes we took together?”Rhodey levels him with a glare bordering on murderous. “We agreed to never mention that again, Tony. You promised not to-““Point being,” Tony interrupts, completely unperturbed, “that we danced together, closely, intimately, for weeks and everyone was convinced there was something going on, no matter what either of us had to say about it.”“You told everyone we were doing it because it’s supposed to increase flexibility and we decided to work our way through the kamasutra to spice up our secret but very loving relationship,” Rhodey reminds him, deadpan, Tony’s shoulders shaking with barely suppressed mirth. “Asshole. There are still people who believe those rumours, are you aware of that? It’s been over twenty years, Tony. Two decades!”“But Carol was impressed with your skills. After you convinced her you were not, in fact, fucking your male, underage roommate on the side, of course.”“Why do I even put up with you?” Rhodey grumbles, more to himself than Tony, pinching the bridge of his nose.“Because you’re a shameless gold digger, that’s why.”That earns him a whack over the back of the head, Rhodey rolling his eyes at him in that exasperated but fond way that’s solely reserved for Tony and his antics.They lapse back into a comfortable silence, elbows touching, each caught in their own thoughts and simply enjoying being here, together, after everything their friendship went through over the years, having come out on the other side stronger and better for it.“You’d tell me if there was something going on, wouldn’t you?” Rhodey can’t help but check, eyes back on Steve and expression unreadable.“I’m fine, honey bear,” Tony sighs, tipping his head to rest against Rhodey’s shoulder. “Stop worrying.”Rhodey harrumphs but lets it drop.

***

2
“Long night?” Clint smirks knowingly when he enters the kitchen, clapping Tony on the back as he walks by.Tony only grunts in response but accepts the cup of coffee Clint slides across the bar toward him a moment later, moaning happily through his first sip.Hopping up onto the counter, Clint rests his elbows on his knees and his chin on his fists, waggling his eyebrows as he prompts, “So?”“So what?” Tony asks absently and flips a page of the report in front of him, highlighter poised and ready.“So, it sounded like you were having fun,” Clint says slowly, drawing the words out, clearly waiting for something.With a heavy sigh, Tony pushes his paperwork away and finally glances up properly at Clint, shooting him a thoroughly unimpressed look. “I have no idea what you’re talking about and I’m too tired to figure out your cryptic bullshit. I’ve been dealing with a crisis that could have easily been prevented if half of my staff weren’t completely incompetent morons all night and I still have to work through,” he stares at the report, calculating, “a good three dozen pages of this before I’m allowed to pass out. Whatever you’re getting at, I really don’t care right now.”Clint is watching him warily now. “Yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
no jealousy
No cheating
Crack
Oblivious Avengers
Funny Misunderstandings
OT3
Polyamory
Prompt Fill
Rare Pairings
Marvel RarePair Exchange

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

