Work Text:
The thing about it is, they stop by like it's no big deal around 5:34pm when they’re all finally packing up for the day. It’s been a really long day and Jake is looking forward to some quality not-being-at-work time, so he’s preeeetty much out the door. The Captain, at one point, mentioned something about a nephew who worked at the VA stopping by and that seemed boring, so obviously Jake didn't pay attention to that shit at all.Which is why when CAPTAIN AMERICA walks into the precinct, Jake staples his finger and doesn't realize it for like, six hours. He can only be happy that Scully and Hitchcock leave every day they can at 4:48pm so that they couldn’t bring shame upon the family. "Hi, Uncle Ray!" the guy CAPTAIN AMERICA’s with says, smiling and hugging Captain Holt. The Captain's--not CAPTAIN AMERICA--patting the guy's back affectionately. Or at least, he's not telling them all to arrest him, which for Holt is pretty damn affectionate. Voluntary physical contact is a big deal in Holt's programming, as far as Jake's been able to figure out. "This is the friend I was telling you about," the nephew says, like he's not gesturing to CAPTAIN AMERICA.  "This is Steve.""Sir," CAPTAIN AMERICA says, shaking Holt's hand firmly, looking respectful and like the human equivalent of patriotism that he obviously is."I bet he tastes like apple pie," Charles breathes, and they all look over at him but he's just staring rapturously at CAPTAIN AMERICA. He is also probably 100% correct."Jesus, Charles," Jake hisses. "Have a little dignity." He leans over to Amy. "I bet he does, though. I bet he tastes like apple pie.""I'm gonna find out," she says, chin set in determination."You're--seriously?" he asks, momentarily distracted from his objections because he's picturing it now, and he could be okay with this. That could be seriously hot."Obviously not in a--" she glares at him like he put those words in her mouth, which he most certainly did not. Also she's blushing which means she meant it 500%. "I'm going to show him around, though. Get some tips. I bet he has really great stories.""Hahahahahaha. Ha. Haha. Hahahahaha," Jake says. "No.""Why not? I'm the obvious choice to be the friendly face of our office. I'm up on you on cases closed," she taps her finger annoyingly on their chart, where under her name there are, in fact, two more closed cases than under Jake's name."Yeah," Jake agrees. "For now, I have--" He breaks off because he's noticed something. Because he's an eagle-eyed detective (eagles! So patriotic, he and CAPTAIN AMERICA are so destined to be BFFs). Rosa and Holt's nephew are eyefucking while Holt and CAPTAIN AMERICA have some conversation that Jake is too distracted even to pay attention to because this is great. Jake has the greatest of plans. This plan will put all other plans to shame. This plan will be the god of all the plans that have been and will ever be. Jake will go down in history for this plan. The plan is: help Rosa bag Holt's nephew, and then become CAPTAIN AMERICA'S new best friend. Given the way Rosa is eyeing the nephew right now it’s like she thinks he probably would look really good sprawled across what Jake assumes are black sheets in a California King sized bed. Obviously this means his plan has a one million percent chance of success.Of course, Gina might be a problem, he thinks, glancing over at her. She’s filing her nails and shifting in her chair like she’s already picturing—NO NO JAKE ISN’T THINKING ABOUT WHAT SHE’S PICTURING. Ugh. No.But yeah, no,  she’s gonna be a problem. Amy and Charles are doing that freaky twin thing they sometimes do when they're both so overwhelmed and awestruck that they just stand up at their desks, staring rapturously up at, well, whatever. Usually it's Holt with Amy but a couple times it's been a judge, and the time the FBI showed up doesn’t bear mentioning. Jake was washing the kiss-ass off of him for a week. That shit gets everywhere. CAPTAIN AMERICA glances around after being introduced to Captain Holt. He shakes his hand and thanks him for his service and Jake wonders if he's always so serious. Jake bets he can cut loose though. Jake is going to find out. Terry is glaring at them all with the DON'T EMBARRASS ME eyes, which is ludicrous. How could anyone embarrass themselves in front of CAPTAIN AMERICA?Captain Holt introduces them to everyone. "Everyone," he says, "this is my nephew, Sam Wilson.” Jake has a small stroke. This guy is Sam Wilson AKA THE FALCON, and Holt is just...standing there. “This is his friend, Steve Rogers. He is also known as Captain America"--Jake shakes his head, Holt clearly doesn't give this the proper gravitas it deserves. He needs, as Gina would say, to capslock the hell out of that shit, son. "Please make them feel welcome.""Oh," Gina purrs. "We WILL."Holt pauses and gives her a long look. "By making them feel welcome I feel I should specify: Do not offer them sexual favors of any kind. Do not attempt to give them a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
