Work Text:
 

1)

“What do you mean you don’t like Christmas?”Clint’s voice goes so high that it cracks on the last word. Natasha raises a single eyebrow and Clint hastily clears his throat. “I mean, what do you mean you don’t like Christmas?”As one, every eye in the room flicks to Tony, and he feels his stomach sink. Great, just what he needs; a bout of collective interference from the team. “I mean, I don’t like Christmas,” he says with a shrug and a dismissive wave of his hand. “It’s a load of pretense wrapped up in obligation, topped with a layer of inconvenience.”Clint’s eyes go even wider. Thor’s brow dips, like he’s either saddened or confused by what Tony is saying. Sam looks surprised. Natasha just raises the other eyebrow. Steve – actually, the disapproving frown that Tony was expecting is missing, because Steve doesn’t do anything. He just lifts his eyes away from the file he’s reading and looks neutrally to Tony before looking back down.“But presents!” Clint protests, gesturing wildly. He’s perched on the back of one of the couches and Tony isn’t entirely sure how he hasn’t fallen off yet, and if he’s not careful he’s going to smack Steve in the face with a wayward limb. “And snow! Christmas cookies! Food! And excuses to sit on your ass in your pajamas all day!”“Alright for you, you’ve got nothing better to be doing,” Tony says, slouching in further into the couch and pointedly staring at the television, hoping that his body language sufficiently conveys ‘not talking about it, thanks’. “In the five minutes it takes you to wrap a present, I could have made six million dollars.”“Five minutes? Have you seen Clint try to wrap a present?” Natasha says, and Clint scowls at her.“Hey, tape is tricky.”“I remember the days I thought you were one of the cool Avengers,” Sam says from where he’s sitting on the floor leaning back against the cushions, eyeing Clint contemplatively.Clint pauses. “You thought I was the cool Avenger?”Sam hums thoughtfully. “Actually, no, not really.”Clint points a finger at him. “I saved your Mom’s life,” he says, eyes narrowed. “Be nice.”Sam looks at him incredulously. “You nearly crushed my Mom with your ass,” he replies, and Thor and Hulk both start to laugh.Tony ignores the bickering, hoping that Clint’s admittedly short attention span has already turned onto other things. Jesus, it’s not like he’s a total scrooge or anything, he just doesn’t feel like getting involved with the whole Christmas spirit thing. He never has; Christmas was always one of those things that other families seemed to really enjoy, but for Tony they were like birthdays, just another point on the calendar that his Dad probably should have paid more attention to than he did-A not inconsiderable weight drops onto the couch next to him, and he looks up to see Steve is now sitting next to him as if he’d been there all along, coffee in one hand and eyes still on his report. Tony feels a shiver run through him at how close Steve is sitting - close enough so that their elbows are pressed together and their knees are brushing - and wishes that he could lean right over into him.But seeing as Steve has no idea about how Tony feels, and also considering that Tony would rather stick a soldering iron in his ear than let on, he doesn’t. Instead, he just sits there and waits for Steve to say it.Steve doesn't. Tony waits a good few minutes, surprise growing with every moment that Steve just sits there, sipping his drink and reading whichever boring-ass file he’s decided on today. Starting to feel suspicious, Tony looks back to the television, back to Steve, back to the television and then gives in.“Go on, out with it,” he sighs.Steve just shrugs. “Just checking you’re okay.”“Fine,” Tony says, and reaches over to take Steve’s mug of coffee from him. Surprisingly, Steve allows it, and he doesn’t hesitate before taking several large gulps, half draining the mug. Oh well. Caffeine doesn't affect Steve and Tony is pretty sure he needs it to live.“Is Clint bothering you?” Steve asks easily, and Tony’s stomach flips at the casual act of protectiveness.  “No,” Tony says, because it’s not really Clint’s fault that Tony wants nothing to do with Christmas.Steve nods, seeming to accept the answer readily enough, for which Tony is grateful. “You look tired,” Steve comments. “You should get some rest.”“I should get away from all this,” Tony says vaguely, and he hands Steve his coffee back and stands up, missing the warmth of Steve at his side the moment he’s upright.Steve frowns. “Get away from what?”“The talk about Christmas,” Tony says, and dammit, he didn't mean to say that, because now Steve’s expression is turning thoughtful, and Tony knows him well enough to work out that that look is one step away from action.“Why-” Steve begins, but Tony is already turning away, waving a hand over his shoulder and talking over him.“Going to the lab, see you later,” he says easily, walking away with his heart thudding strangely in his chest, be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Christmas
Light Angst
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Clint Has Issues
Steve Is a Good Bro
Protective Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

