Work Text:
1.On a warm Sunday in May Tony announced that the team needed to go out on a bonding experience. He chose a visit to an exhibit at MOMA followed by an expensive dinner at a place he insisted was “an orgasm in your mouth.” At that comment everyone had turned to look at Steve to see if he blushed. He didn’t. It had been two months since the battle of New York and Steve was slowly getting more comfortable around his new team. But he was struggling with feeling alone even when surrounded by the other five people. They didn’t know him; they based everything off assumptions and the chapters on Captain America taught in history books. He could tell they didn’t see him as a person, but rather as a soldier, a disciplined patriot, and a blushing virginal old-timer. He ached for the days with Bucky and the Commandos. Those men had understood him, seen past the muscles and the symbolic costume and saw a man that was caring, passionate, funny, and even scared at times. He knew it must be annoying to have someone tagging along who understood so little about the time. Didn’t laugh at the right jokes, didn't pick up on pop-culture references, and barely had a grasp on what was acceptable slang or level of physical contact. But it still hurt that not one of them had asked how he was adjusting, or what he liked about the new century. He was just there.He was startled out of his thoughts when he bumped into another body. “Oh my god I’m so sorry!” A voice said. Steve looked down and his eyes widened. A girl who looked to be in her early twenties stood in front of him; her blue hair was gelled up in a mohawk, tattoos covered all visible skin and she had multiple piercings in her face. Dark makeup surrounded her eyes and her lips were painted a deep purple. She was wearing a black dress with a heavily studded leather jacket covering her arms, ripped fishnets encased her legs ending in a pair of purple doc martens. “Holy shit.” She breathed, looking up at him, eyes wide and mouth slack, “You’re Steve Rogers.” “You know who I am?” He asked surprised, still shocked by how many people were familiar with him. The Commandos had teased him during the war, asking, “What had he expected when he toured the country dressed in tights?”She nodded excitedly and shrugged off her leather jacket, “Of course I do! I love you; you’re my favorite superhero. You were my first tattoo.” She gushed, turning to show off the top of her left arm. He was speechless, there in full color was him in his uniform, shield on his arm and face determined. A banner under his feet read “The Star Spangled Man with a Plan”. He felt the sting of tears in his eyes and tried to blink them away, “You got me tattooed on you? Why would you do that?” He asked. She looked at him, surprised at first but face softening. “Because you’re my hero. You never backed down from a fight and you never gave up. You may have biceps the size of my thighs; but you have a heart even bigger. You’re a real hero.”He felt a smile spread over his face, “Can I give you a hug?” He asked. Her face lit up and she nodded quickly, wrapping her arms around his neck as he bent down slightly to place his around her back. “Thank you.” He whispered to her before pulling away.“Is it ok if I get a picture with you?” She asked, pulling her phone out of the bag slung over her shoulder. “Of course! Bruce will you take a photo of us please?” Bruce stared at him for a moment before nodding, taking the phone from the girl’s hand and stepping back. He placed an arm around the girl’s waist as she did the same for him. He was sure he looked ridiculous with his wide smile but couldn’t bring himself to care. When the photo was taken and the phone returned to the girl he held out his hand, “I never got your name.”The girl looked at his hand in surprise, “Oh my name is Adina!” She said, reaching out and grasping his hand. A beautiful red rose was tattooed on the back of her hand and he couldn’t help but stare. “You like it?” She asked excitedly, “Just got it last week!” “It’s beautiful. I can’t believe the coloring, it’s so bright and bold.” He answered, “I never knew tattoos could look like this.” She preened, “Yeah they’re pretty great.” He nodded and swept his gaze over all the visible ones on her body, “Well they certainly look great on you.”A blush spread over her cheeks and her smiled widened, “Thank you. Really. It’s been a dream of mine to be able to meet you and you’re even better in person that I ever could of imagined. I was always kind of scared you’d be disappointed in my appearance.” She admitted. His brow furrowed and he frowned, “Why would I be disappointed in your appearance?” He asked.Adina shrugged and wrapped her arms around herself, “I just get a lot of shit for it and I mean, I know who I think you are but so many people think you’re this conservative traditionalist. I was scared you’d think I looked like a freak.”Steve’s eyes hardened and he placed a hand on her shoulder, “Never. The Ameri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
steve and natasha are just bros tho

freeform: 
Mention of Suicide Attempt
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Loneliness
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
the avengers are good bros and care
this is v self indulgent
Bisexual Steve Rogers
i warn you i just have a lot of steve feelings and put it into one fic
Suicidal Thoughts
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
steve and natasha are just bros tho

