Chapter 1: Nemesis
    


Notes:
*I own nothing!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

 2013, London 
 “Excuse me, excuse me---ow!” Darcy said, as someone stepped on her foot. She was schlepping some of Jane’s Covergence doo-hickeys through a crowd of SHIELD people. Thank goodness she was wearing her sturdiest boots. “Sorry,” a flat male voice said. Darcy tilted her chin up and looked at the man who’d just stepped on her toes and then moved heedlessly past her. She got a brief glimpse of a dark and handsome profile….until Jane’s doo-hickey whacked him in the shoulder. Whoops, she thought snarkily.“Hey, watch yourself,” he barked, face half-turning towards her. The man grimaced. “Do you know who I am?” he said. Darcy raked her eyes from his arrogant, handsome face to his heavy black tactical boots.“A jackbooted thug with a small penis, probably?” Darcy said in a mock-sweet voice. “Fuck you--” he began, before the taller man with him squeezed his shoulder.“Leave it, mate. That’s Foster’s assistant,” the other man said. He was Australian. Darcy made a smug face at Dark Haired Guy, then smiled at the Aussie.“Yes, I am,” she said. She made sure to walk away proudly--waving her middle finger over her shoulder.“Asshole!” Dark Haired Guy called after her. “Yes, I am!” she repeated. Ahead of Darcy, Jane and Ian were having a discussion. Ian looked up in surprise.“What are you doing?” Ian said.“Teasing the jackboots,” Darcy said,  plunking  down the doo-hickey with a huff of exhaustion. “I believe that was my new Instant Nemesis.”“Hey, don’t break it,” Jane grumbled.“Are you not going to say anything about that situation?” Ian said, gesturing. Darcy snuck a peek over her shoulder. The Australian one was practically dragging her nemesis away. He looked like he wanted to march over and yell at her.“No,” Jane said, shrugging. Darcy grinned in delight. Jane didn’t care if Darcy offended the SHIELD people. In fact, Darcy thought Jane enjoyed it. So, she made sure to increase the frequency of her antics in the week that SHIELD stayed in London. She barred a few high-ranking officials from getting into the lab, aka Jane’s Mom’s House, when they were looking for Jane, hung up someone asking for Thor, and even hacked SHIELD’s webpage. “What are you doing?” Ian said, peering at her laptop. “Revenge,” Darcy said. She had replaced her nemesis’s official SHIELD photo with a goofy picture of John Stamos. “Take that, Agent Rumlow.”“Have you lost your mind? Take that down!” Ian said. She scrolled through his page, ignoring Ian’s panic. “I really thought my nemesis would be taller,” Darcy said.“He has a gun,” Ian said.“Everyone in America has a gun,” Darcy said. “Practically-speaking. My uncle Herb has, like, twenty.”“You’re kidding,” Ian said. Darcy shrugged. “You’re not kidding,” Ian said.“He keeps them in a safe,” Darcy said.“Well, that’s reassuring,” Ian said, sounding sarcastic. It was difficult to tell sometimes with the accent. Some two hours later, the doorbell rang. “Darcy?” Ian called nervously. Darcy--busy with a carton of ice cream--didn’t bother putting down her spoon.“Whaaaaat?” she yelled from the couch.“Let me in there,” a more decisive voice said. There was a  thunk-thunk-thunk  of footfalls. “I know what you did,” Agent Rumlow said, appearing in the doorway. He was wearing tactical pants and a clingy black t-shirt, along with these weird tactical gloves. Like he was a tv serial killer, she thought, here to midnight strangle and dash. “I have a fucking degree in computer science--”“That’s nice, Agent Rollo,” Darcy said, eyes sliding purposefully back to the TV screen. “I’m sure your family was proud.”“Fix it,” he said, stepping into the room.“What, you can’t?” Darcy said, shaking her head. “I can show you how---”“I’m not asking you, Lewis. I’m telling you.” He moved until he was staring down at her, arrogantly handsome chin tilted to one side. He was practically hovering over her now. She thought he might be flexing.“Is that so?” Darcy asked, stabbing her spoon into the ice cream. “Because let me tell you something, nobody tells me what to do--”“I am a fucking federal agent,” he began, raising his voice.“Oooooh, so special,” Darcy snarked. She stuck one foot out, almost kicking him. “Excuse me,” she said, slapping the carton down on the end table.“You little wiseass,” Rumlow said, reaching down to poke her in the chest.“Hey!” Darcy said, slapping at his hand.“That’s a crime,” he said smugly.“Yeah, right,” she said, standing and poking him back. “Who touched who first?”“Don’t you fucking touch me, you little--” Darcy didn’t realize they were screaming at each other until Jane started to yell. “Hey! Get out of my house!” Jane shouted, adding in a brief, sharp whistle. Darcy turned and saw a horrified-looking Ian and a mirthful-looking Jane standing in the doorway. “Excuse me?” Rumlow said. His eyebrows had gone up.“Get out of my house,” Jane repeated. “You don’t have a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Fake/Pretend Relationship
This is just a trope fest
I dunno why I had this idea but I did
Triple Agent! Rumlow
Scarred!Brock Rumlow

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

