Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Siberia was really really cold, he thought bitterly as the cold started to seep in. After 8 hours of this freezing hellhole, he was ready to die. His fingers would be the first to go, he knew that. Frostbite was already starting to creep in to the tips. Even if he lived, it wouldn’t be the same, he would lose his fingers, he’d lose his ability to tinker and create, he’d lose everything. Sure, there was always extremis, he had stabilized it and it could help him, but he had enough of superhumans and superpowers now.He was pretty angry, the first couple of hours. He had thought he’d had his fair share of betrayals in his life, he thought all that was in the past, he thought he could trust his teammates not to cause him this much pain. Sometimes my teammates don’t tell me things rang bitterly in his head. He never would have thought that the legendary, the virtuous, the good Captain America would be so hypocritical. His dad, Howard, had thought the world of him, had thought that there was no man greater than Steve Rogers. He laughed bitterly.Now though, he just wanted to die. He just wanted to stop living this torturous life, constantly going from one tragedy to another. Everything hurt, the betrayal of his teammates, the betrayal of Captain America physically painful in his frail, human body. And on top of that having to relive the most painful time of his life. Everything hurt. He just wanted it to stop, he just wanted everything to go away. He just wanted to die in this frozen wasteland.His eyes were getting blurry, closing without his input. He thought he caught a glimpse of red as they fluttered shut as he felt himself go. His life, all the mistakes he’d had, all the good he’d tried to accomplish just to end up in a frozen wasteland to die. Life would go on without him, the world would run as it always had. He wouldn’t be anything but a speck, just one human who’d tried to do some good in his pitiful life and failed publicly and rather spectacularly.He could faintly hear someone in there with him, hear the swish of clothes and frantic footsteps but he didn’t open his eyes. He doubted anyone was here, in this Russian Hydra base, to help him. Whoever was here was too late anyways. Everything was so numb and cold. He was dying and he was going to die here. It was pointless to try to save him.
He opened his eyes and found himself in a similar condition, similar yet undeniably different. Lying on the floor of his lab with a wide gaping hole in his chest, he stilled. He couldn’t move, the hole in his chest so empty, so painful, the shrapnels already doing damage to his heart. He suppose it made a morbid sort of sense, reliving his worst hits as he died. Reliving the betrayal that still hurt, even all those years later, amidst another one.The mechanical hums of DUM-E as he lowered the arc reactor towards him startled him. Proof that Tony Stark has a heart, he smiled albeit bitterly and tried not to think about a shield smashing another arc reactor. He’d thought this was just a memory, a your life flashing before you as you die sort of situation, but this felt undeniably real, it hurt like it was a real thing. The arc reactor jutted out of his chest in a way it hadn’t for a long time now, the pain cementing this awful awful not-memory. He grabbed the glass casing and smashed it on the ground.Rhodey was there, he was walking, he was walking towards him, concern lined in his face. Pepper, he thought, Stane was going to hurt Pepper and he said exactly that. Rhodey confirmed what he already knew, what he had said so long ago. He spur into action. The nightmarish reality continued as it had last time. He was just going through the motions, he realized, during the fight, he was doing everything he’d done in the exact way he’d done it. His brain was still processing things, a part of him still felt stuck in the cold confines of Siberia, slowly being frozen to death. All of him felt the same hurt he’d been feeling for a long time, of Stane, of Rogers, of everyone.As the Iron Monger peered closer to the freeway, he started to panic. Flashes of Bucharest started to fill in with this nightmarish reality. He couldn’t let that happen, he couldn’t put the civilians in harm’s way. Despite his efforts however it still did, Iron Monger was doing untold damage and he was just stuck with mitigating it. He started flying, hoping beyond all hopes that Iron Monger would follow suit, as it had last time, wishing for less damages and was momentarily surprised when it did.Pepper, oh darling wonderful Pepper. She was really the rock in his life. He shoved the years of love and understanding and the spike of pain as it inevitably had ended crashing down as he relayed her the instructions. He had already done this once, it was the easiest and the most surefire way to end this.After it ended, as he lay there tired, the makeshift arc reactor still in his chest but only barely so, he reflected on all that had happene
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Friday & Tony Stark
Friday & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Stephen Strange
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark-centric
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 1
Fluff and Angst
will add tags as I go along
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
And he gets so many
Stephen Strange being awesome
not SHIELD friendly
not team Cap friendly
Tony gets a better team
Tony not taking anyone's shit
IronStrange being adorable
Friday being adorable
slight Leverage crossover
they show up and Tony is impressed

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Friday & Tony Stark
Friday & Stephen Strange

