Work Text:
The asset is not having an optimal day. 
“Our cycles are syncing,” his mission says from the other side of the exam room, quiet and apologetic. He’s standing against the wall and the asset is sitting on an exam table. They’re in . . . a tower. The asset isn’t sure why. He doesn’t feel right, overheated and over-energized, and isn’t sure about that either. 
“So you’re--my alpha, then,” he says haltingly, eyes flicking up to his mission’s face. Not his mission anymore. But always his mission, he thinks. 
“Other way around,” his mission answers with a smile that all of the asset’s training can’t decipher the full meaning behind. It looks injured, and . . . and things the asset doesn’t know. 
“But I’m not . . .” The asset trails off, uncertain in the face of his mission’s certainty. But an alpha wouldn’t be made uncertain that easily, wouldn’t take orders unquestioningly. An alpha wouldn’t submit when told to, wouldn’t do . . . a lot of things the asset’s been told he’s done. Or might remember doing. 
He knows the last time his handlers had strapped him into the chair for maintenance they hadn’t let him out of it until he’d been knotted by half the alphas in the room, and why would they have needed to do that if he were an alpha? Why would he have let them do that, if he were an alpha? 
. . . why would he need maintenance again less than a month after that, even if his mission is affecting his cycle? 
The asset stops thinking because thinking never ends well. He shifts to the edge of the exam table to spread his legs, expecting his mission to step away from the wall and move into the space and demand he present. He doesn’t, though, and the asset doesn’t understand. Should he have taken his pants off first? He could’ve, but he still feels wrong and he’s not very good at undressing himself under the best of circumstances. 
“Bucky,” his mission says softly, ducking his head and looking up at him from under his lashes, and the asset looks at him and sees the strong jaw and wide shoulders and flawless musculature and a dozen other things that scream “alpha”--everything about his mission screams “alpha”, except for his mission himself. 
But he must be. 
“You should knot me,” the asset says, laying back and pulling his heels up onto the table. It comes out--abrupt. He isn’t sure why. 
“I can’t,” his mission says, and the asset grits his teeth. His mission said--his mission promised--“I don’t have a knot.” 
“Liar,” the asset says even though as far as he can tell his mission has never lied to him or anyone else. He still doesn’t feel right, though, and it’s getting worse, making him feel hotter and anxious and unable to breathe. He needs maintenance and his mission is the only alpha available, even if his mission should know better than to be available. It’s easy to kill a tied alpha. The asset’s done it before. Not during maintenance, but for other missions. 
“I’m not,” this mission repeats, shaking his head again. “Believe me, if I had a knot you could have it whenever you wanted.” 
“I want it now,” the asset insists, even if “want” isn’t the right word. He says it that way because the mission said it that way. 
“I don’t have one,” his mission says again, quieter this time. But he comes over and he stands where the asset expected him to stand, and the asset spreads his legs wider in anticipation. Impractical anticipation--he’s still wearing his pants, his mission can’t knot him like this. He should’ve taken them off after all. 
Then his mission unzips them, so the asset assumes it was fine anyway. He considers whining or flexing his hips, putting on a show an alpha would like, but his mission is his alpha, so that means he doesn’t have to. Or he thinks that’s what that means. 
“Knot me,” the asset says again, hips flexing all on their own as his mission tugs his pants down around them. His mission is flushed; his breath is coming faster. He’s aroused. He wants to knot, the asset thinks. His mission has looked at him like he wants to tie him down and keep him since the first time he saw him without the muzzle. He doesn’t know why he’s lying about it. 
He doesn’t care, so long as his mission knots him anyway. Knots him and--and stays, locks them together and bites him like . . . and bites him. That’s what an alpha does to an omega they want to keep, and his mission has promised him that he will keep him. Until the end of the line, his mission said, and the asset knows the end of the line, the long dark shadow of it, bullets and brake lines and red in the ledger as a woman he once shot or maybe once knew would put it. 
But they’re not dead yet, so it’s not the end. He’ll never be in the black, never wipe it out or move on, but he can at least see his last mission through. 
His pants catch around his calves, stopped by his boots, and his mission drops to his knees to unbuckle them. The asset jerks, alarmed to lose sight of him, but the way his mission touches him is nothing like the way his handlers do. 
Did, h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Gender Confusion
Role Reversal
Consent Issues
Minor Internalized Sexism
Fuck Or Suffer Unspecified Health Consequences
healing cock
Switching
Knotting
Breeding Kink
references to past rape
post-CATWS
Cognitive Dissonance
Dissociation
references to forced conversion therapy
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
but the asset's having some trouble remembering that

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

