Chapter 1



Notes:
this fic has been my nanowrimo project, so it's up to about 50k words so far. this means that, for the first time in the 8 years i've been writing fanfiction, i have a posting schedule! there'll be a new chapter every sunday. i promise.the title and epigraph are both from richard siken poems, because i figure everyone’s allowed at least one instance of pilfering siken poems for fic purposes.i also have a lot of people to thank, because i've never written a story this long before and i needed a hell of a lot of support. i couldn’t have done it without alyx, alex, alex (seriously, there were three of them), meg, eleanor, lottie and gemma. it's thanks to them that this story received the motivation, editing, ideas, and support that it needed to come to life. and it's also thanks to them that accompanying fanart and a podfic are in the works <3




Chapter Text
There’s a niche in his chestwhere a heart would fit perfectlyand he thinks if he could just maneuver one into place—well then, game over.“Road Music”, Richard Siken The worst kind of battles, if Tony had to pick, are the ones where they’re fighting two enemies at once. As in, two enemies who are bent on destroying each other as well as everything in a ten-mile radius. As in, today, Loki and Enchantress, rekindling some kind of centuries-old hate-on for each other. Tony doesn’t actually know the specifics; Thor’s rundown of the situation had been annoyingly vague.He’s been Iron Man for a good while, been an Avenger for the better part of a year, and Tony wouldn’t trade any of it for the world. But sometimes he’s surrounded by nutjobs with green color schemes who are trying to murder each other and then him, and it does make him question his own sanity.Small mercies: the two emerald sparklers have elected to have their tiff in what is, for the large part, Canadian wilderness. The lack of civilians constitutes a definite point in the bad guys’ favor. Counting against them is the climate, which had become a problem when the Iron Man suit’s in-built heating system was set on the fritz by a well-timed blast from Enchantress. As a result, Tony’s in the unenviable situation of both sweating from exertion and shivering from the cold.“Put the wand down!” he shouts at Enchantress—seriously, how is this his life?—but the words have no effect. Not that he had much hope that he could make Enchantress see the error of her ways by yelling at her.He goes back to trying to aim repulsor blasts in her direction, with varying degrees of success: Enchantress deflects most of them, and he’s not sure if the ones that actually do hit have much of an effect. As he’s pondering this issue, Enchantress shoots a bolt of nasty-looking red energy straight at Natasha, who rolls expertly out of the way but still loses a chunk of hair in the process.“Widow?” That’s Clint over comms, voice just a tad worried. He’d stayed behind in the Quinjet as aerial support, hovering just far enough out of the way that he won’t be targeted directly. Unfortunately, his eyeline is unencumbered and he’s a terrible backseat driver when he’s not on the front lines.“I’m fine,” Nat says. She sounds winded, which is never a good sign.“Loki,” Tony tries, because the phrase ‘better the devil you know’ has rarely been so applicable, “what in fuck’s name is going on?”He can feel Steve’s disapproval—Steve doesn’t like swearing when they’re suited up, and he loathes Tony and Loki’s little chats—but Tony does what he does best and ignores it.“This doesn’t concern you, mortal,” Loki snarls.Well, he tried.It’s then that Enchantress gets the surrounding trees to do her bidding, and Tony finds himself pointing his repulsors at thrashing spindly branches. Straight away, it becomes clear that never in the process of designing the Iron Man suit did he prepare for this shit. One of the glorified twigs manages to hook itself around his ankle, but is easily snapped when he puts on a spurt of speed with his jet boots.He sighs, loud enough to register through the voice modulator, and flies out the flailing reach of the uppermost branches. Sometimes it’s worth just relying on the Hulk to smash stuff.And from there it’s all too simple to pester Loki, who’s chosen a rocky outcropping to make his stand from. His figure doesn’t inspire confidence; he’s snarling like a feral animal as he flings curses at Enchantress and Thor alike, and there are copious tears in his clothing that speak to the battle starting a good while before the Avengers had arrived. His ubiquitous gold helmet is nowhere to be seen.“I think you’re losing,” Tony says, hovering. It’s not a lie: Loki’s magic is usually enough to raze a city block, but today his performance is surprisingly feeble. Either he’s holding back, out of practice, or he’s just plain out of his league against a fellow Asgardian sorcerer. It should be fun to watch Loki get a taste of his own medicine—struggling to hold his own against an enemy who outmatches him. It isn’t. As T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soul Bond
Post-Avengers (2012)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Touch-Starved
both of them are touch-starved but especially loki
Mortifying Ordeal
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Mental Health Issues
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Developing Relationship
Protectiveness
Repression
Inappropriate Flirting
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Asgard fucking SUCKS
so does Odin
Tony Stark vs Magic
Unreliable Narrator
Eventual Fluff

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

