Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki was bound by his wrists to the ceiling, held in an unnaturally upright stance with arms stretched high. The other prisoners gawked at him from behind light barriers. They knew who he was and had clamored to mock the disgraced prince, calling out rude suggestions and making the sign of the evil eye at him.
He had been left this way for hours. At first he seethed with indignation; he was a lord, not some common thug to let dangle on chains in a cage, on display like an animal. But the lengthy passing of time had cooled the heat in his heart. His shoulders ached, and the leaden muzzle weighed his neck down so his head lolled to one side.Drifting near unconsciousness, Loki opened his eyes at the clattering sound of approaching soldiers. He saw the imposing figure of Thor among them as they strode purposefully past the translucent gold window. The walled side of the prison opened smoothly, and the light dipped low as Thor entered. His guards stood back, regarding Loki warily and fingering their spears. At a motion from Thor, one of them stepped forward carrying a thick green tapestry embroidered with stars and snakes and spread it out on the far side of the cell floor. Loki frowned at the mysterious activity, angling his head to watch the guard walk back to his place within the rank.
"Leave us", Thor said.
The troop exited swiftly, doors gliding shut behind them. The clamor of metal faded as they marched past the cell and disappeared into the palace depths.
Loki straightened, the chains clinking softly as he stood to give them slack. He was relieved to see his brother at last, but Thor remained near the far side of the room and leveled Loki with a chill, implacable gaze.The bright barrier of the prison dimmed, shielding them from sight. Loki peered about, flashing Thor a glance loaded with suspicion. A tense mood settled on the room. The apparent need for secrecy made Loki's hair stand on end. This sort of convolution was very unlike his Brother, and he shifted his wrists uselessly in their bonds.
Without warning, Thor covered the distance between them and delivered a stunning slap across Loki's face. Thrown off balance, the young god's head snapped to the side, dark hair falling across his brow and tears springing into his eyes. The strike was unexpected and malicious, and as Loki attempted to recover, Thor struck him backhanded from the other side.
Loki huffed in pain, breathing through his nose with shock while Thor stood motionless in front of him. Gathering his dignity, he brushed away the disheveled locks against his shoulder before glaring at his brother.
"Do you have any idea what you have done"? Thor returned the glower, taking a handful of Loki's hair to speak directly into his face.
After a while; "Yes. I suppose you do", Thor released his grip, contemptuously flinging his brother as he did so. Loki faltered. His ankles turned outwards, and he slipped sideways into his chains.
"I know not who you are any longer", Thor turned away.
Thor had never manhandled him like this before, Loki acknowledged the seriousness of his situation. He studied Thor's back as it was turned to him with an expression of consternation while trying to regain his composure. Thor's head bowed, and he stood still for a long moment, letting the silence grow.
After some time, Thor slowly turned, "I had loved you"
He cringed involuntarily when Thor stroked the back of his fingers over his aching cheekbone soothingly.
After the beating before, the gesture was incongruously tender, and he stared down his nose at his brother with an eyebrow raised.Thor withdrew his hand and felt into his own breast pocket to produce a stubby glass dagger. Without another word, he left to walk around Loki. Twisting in his chains and making a small noise of query, Loki strained to see over his shoulder. The screech of torn leather as it parted beneath the blade filled his ears. He was violently yanked from behind, and chunks of leather were carved from his costume. Thor came to his front and jammed the knife in at crotch level, sawing roughly upwards. They made cool eye contact as Loki jerked to the small movements. With a final snick at the neck, and the shreds of material fell away.
Thor stepped back to silently regard him. His cloak removed, he was now bare from shoulders to waist with his wrists coming to join high above his head. Skin the cool luster of pearl was drawn tight over defined muscle and rosy nipples tipped his chest while ribs moved and stretched, and slight juts of bone showed at his hips. Overhead light cast shadows, highlighting contours and hollows over his torso and limbs, the position exaggerating his slimness and the length of his coltish legs. Aware of his helplessness, a vein rapidly pulsed at his neck.
He swallowed with dread when he noticed that Thor held a slender black whip in his hand.
It was long and stiff, the butt as dark as onyx and the thin, flexible tip a sinister glassy red. He felt a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki - Relationship
Brothers - Relationship
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Smut
Loki-centric
Loki - Freeform
loki laufeyson - Freeform
Sexy Loki
loki dominated
Loki sex
Loki rape
loki raped
loki whipped
Loki in chains
Thor - Freeform
Dominant Thor
Bottom Loki
thor rapes loki
loki raped by thor
graphic smut
Graphic Sex
loki bdsm
Sex
Rape/Non-con Elements
Loki smut
Loki tied up
Loki's lost innocence
lost innocence
thor loki incest
Thorki - Freeform
thorki smut
thorki rape
thorki sex
thorki incest
thor smut
loki incest
loki sub
thor dom
Loki submission
Loki chained
Loki naked
rape loki
raped loki
Loki is raped
Loki tears
Crying Loki
Punished loki
Virgin Loki
Loki crying
Loki humiliation
loki punishment
thor punishes loki
loki sex fantasy
loki fantasy
loki x thor - Freeform
thor x loki - Freeform
Loki Feels
Warning: Loki
Loki Angst
Poor Loki
Loki's body
Loki fiction
Loki filth
Loki fan fiction
best loki smut
loki x thor smut

fandom: 
Loki - Relationship
Brothers - Relationship
Loki/Thor

