Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“He doesn’t know that you’re talking to me?” Tony asked, handing DUM-E a screwdriver and watching the bot happily take it over to the shelving unit across the room and place the item in the open shelf. He ignored the questionable smoothie and picked up his cup of coffee, turning to look up at the gorgeous, if way too young, image of Princess Shuri on his big screen.“I will not present him with an answer to his problem when there are too many complications,” Shuri replied. She looked away, clearly agitated. “Your BARF program is clearly his best bet, but there are severe issues that need to be addressed.”“Oh, you mean outside the attempted murder and housing of fugitives,” Tony replied. The scowl the girl gave him was on the intense side, and he had to hide his smile at the clear display of her most likely recent presentation as an alpha. “I’m assuming Rogers is going to want to follow his little buddy back over here, right? Well, that’s already being arranged.”“Yes, my brother informed us this morning,” Shuri commented, not sounding impressed. From their occasional talks since Barnes had gone under cryo, Tony had noticed she wasn’t impressed with the rogue Avengers living in her domain. “They won’t help in his recovery, hovering about like that.”“I can’t help with that,” Tony shrugged. “The Compound isn’t really my place anymore. I don’t hold a residence there and my workshop has been partially cleared out. It’s open for new scent marking so to speak and if Rogers is still the big ol’ alpha we all hate to adore, I’m sure he’s gonna be pulling it out the moment he steps foot on the property.”“Charmed,” Shuri drawled.“My apologies, princess,” Tony said, giving a small bow and pausing as he straitened to pat DUM-E on his sensor and hand him the next tool to be put away.“Right,” Shuri suddenly looked uncomfortable. “Barnes can’t be at the Compound with Rogers and all those other alphas.”Tony slowly set down his coffee. “And where do you expect him to be?”Shuri stared at him for a long moment, causing Tony to nearly squirm where he was standing. DUM-E bumped into his hip and he handed over a pair of needle-nose pliers, while waiting for Shuri’s bomb to drop. “I’m going to send you some information, it’s everything I can find. I’ve only been able to compare it to what Rogers and Romanoff has told me. I’m hoping you can access the more hidden SHIELD files, or even your own...family’s data to confirm my findings. If you agree, you will understand why I feel he would possibly do better to stay away from them and in a more stable environment connected to his treatment.”“Okay,” Tony said slowly, watching as an email alert popped up with a triple encrypted file that he knew Friday was already working on unloading onto a private server. “I’ll get in touch.”*Tony Stark was an alpha who was no longer an alpha’s alpha. He used to play that game. He had been good at it too. Omegas had fawned over him, and he was never without the scent of one on his arm. He was not afraid to be obvious about it: Tony Stark was a whore. But then, alphas couldn’t actually be whores, so the word in life was. No, good omegas knew their places and alphas were simply meant to have one at their side regardless of why.Good omegas were like his mother, who kept her head down at charity events and only spoke when Howard Stark gave her that nod of okay. That was the world Tony grew up understanding. Getting his chest ripped out and then put back together? Followed by the torture, can’t forget that, well. The cloud of aggressive alpha testosterone that had taken over him, had fueled his will to live and allowed him to gun down anything in his path to just get free? It had cleared something, like the blockade that had been there since his father explained what alphas did and what omegas were good for had been destroyed. Tony Stark changed, and not just into a good man. No, he changed chemically. He could now smell the different layers, the subtle differences. It suddenly led to him leaving a girl at the gala instead of taking her home, unable to handle the sour taint of uncertainty and nerves. It was why he loved and still does, though no longer romantically, Pepper. Most betas were the same way now, he could feel and smell changes, but Pepper was a solid metal, not bending to his will. She had been stability when he needed it.He just never dug deep enough to see and smell what she was actually feeling.Still, after all that, Tony could almost pride himself in being an expert in spotting a unique case when it came to secondary-genders. After all, he had smelt that strange taint of omega heat on Steve, like you do on an omega who was long-gone infertile, medically or simply by age. Even with a super serum and all the alpha posturing in the world, Steve couldn’t hide the omega part of him from Tony Stark.Staring at the papers and tests before him, Tony knew he was going to need something stronger than coffee. Maybe stronger than 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
DUM-E is here to save the day
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Implied/Referenced Sexual Harassment
Bucky/Friday BFFs
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Omega Rooms
Honest discussion of omega rights
Bucky Barnes Defies All OmegaVerse Logic
U is Daddy's Princess
Panic Attacks
Anxiety Disorder
B.A.R.F. | Binarily Augmented Retro Framing
Mating Cycles/In Heat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

