Work Text:
Bucky's in Steve's apartment when he comes home.Steve's almost too tired to notice, at first. He's just come back from another mission to raze the remnants of Hydra to the ground. Fury, for all that he's supposed to be dead and gone, is still as thorough a taskmaster as always, though it's not like Steve minds. He has his own reasons for wanting to burn every last trace of Schmidt's legacy from the face of the planet, and they all begin and end with the man who Steve was sure by now that he'd never see again. Whose gleamingly-clean and polished combat boots are sitting next to Steve's front door.Steve eases the door shut and locks it, listening as hard as he can to the not-quite-silent depths of his apartment, though his heart's going shushshushshush so heavily in his ears that he feels like he's under water. But he thinks that there's someone in the bedroom. That maybe, if he's lucky, Bucky didn't dive out the window as soon as he heard the door open. And if he's really lucky, Bucky's not there to try and kill him; finish the mission he failed when he didn't let Steve drown.He keeps his shield on his arm, just in case.Steve glances into the kitchen as he pads down the hallway. There are two guns and a breathtaking array of knives on the kitchen table, and at least three meals' worth of dishes drying in the dish rack. The incongruity of the dishes and the weapons might be amusing if Steve wasn't so anxious he could barely breathe.It warms him, though, to think of Bucky using his apartment, that he might feel comfortable there regardless of how he got in. It makes Steve happy to know that Bucky's been able to eat decent food and get clean, hopefully feel safe enough to sleep. And the fact that Bucky went to Steve's apartment, out of all the thousands he could have chosen anywhere in New York City…Well, Steve doesn't want to think too hard about that part, because he doesn't want to hope. He's not stupid, no matter what Natasha and Sam might accuse him of. He knows it's vaguely possible he got out of the Potomac on his own. He understands that even if Bucky saved him then, that doesn't mean he won't try to kill him now. It doesn't mean that Bucky's not dangerous.He's very aware that it might not even be Bucky in his bedroom, just the empty shell of a dead man Steve once knew.But Bucky always cleaned and polished his shoes and boots every evening. And he always left them next to the front door, just like that. And Bucky always washed the dishes.Steve's not stupid, so he keeps his shield. But he's looking for his friend when he gently pushes the unlocked bedroom door all the way open, and his heart isn't pounding out of fear.Bucky's sitting cross-legged on Steve's bed, barefoot and wearing jeans Steve is pretty sure are his—the cuffs are folded up, like they're a little too long—and a hoodie he knows for sure belongs to him because it's the black fleecy one with the design of his shield on it. From Tony of course, because he thinks giving the Avengers stuff like that is hilarious. Bucky's head is bowed over whatever he's reading and the hood's up, effectively hiding his face, but even without the metal left hand Steve would know Bucky anywhere.Bucky doesn't glance up when the door opens, like he's so caught up in what he's looking at he didn't hear Steve come in.There's an extremely old wooden box open next to Bucky's hip, one of the few things Steve took back from the Smithsonian after they closed the exhibit. It's his, though Bucky's sisters had packed it up along with the rest of their brother's things after everyone thought they both died. Steve doesn't know why they kept it; he's still not entirely sure why the Smithsonian had wanted it either. Nothing in the box was that interesting.Except, Bucky's spread the contents out carefully around him on the bedspread like each one is a special, precious jewel. Steve, barely breathing in the doorway, can see his mother's wedding ring and the only photographs he has of her and his father. There are the pieces of drift glass, and the smooth stones he found that fascinated him as a child, a few feathers and a baseball with the stitching undone. Postcards from family in Ireland he never met, and the two lead soldiers Bucky gave him for his tenth birthday. Every letter Steve got from Bucky that survived the war is there too, still stacked neatly in their envelopes although the twine Steve used to hold them together is gone. His mother's lice comb is next to Bucky's foot. Steve was never able to get the newspaper ink out of it.Bucky has one of Steve's sketchbooks in his lap, the one Steve made himself by stringing together pieces of grocery paper. He's staring at a picture Steve drew of him when they were teens, Bucky grinning about something that Steve can't remember now, the moment lost to distance and time. He was young when he drew it and it's not very good—Steve can easily see the flaws in it from where he's standing—but it's a decent likeness all the sam
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Community: hc_bingo
Bingo
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Care and Feeding of Feral Winter Soldiers
OTP: Till the End of the Line

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

