Work Text:
1. Tony liked to think of himself as the kind of guy who could work with any situation, no matter how outlandish. After all, he figured, he was a literal superhero. Who worked with a god, a frozen supersoldier from the 40s, a very scary spy, a dude with delusions of being Robin Hood, and a gigantic green rage monster. So he was used to weird. He could roll with any sort of situation, from alien invaders to Captain America getting arrested for refusing police orders to disperse at a protest to walking into his kitchen and finding Barton throwing Tony’s (very expensive) kitchen knives at a smirking Natasha, who didn’t flinch even as one landed right next to her cheek. He was used to insanity, is what he was trying to say. But this, this was a whole new level. Tony stood frozen in the doorway of the living room, blinking slowly as he surveyed the scene in front of him. Sitting on his couch was the Winter Soldier. But hey, like he said, he hung out with superheros all the time and Roger’s friend turned enemy turned friend had been running with their band of misfits for a while now (and finding Barnes hanging around the Tower sure as shit wasn’t as startling as when Clint would drop from the rafters with no warning). No, what was currently causing his brain to short circuit was the fact that the Winter Soldier, most deadly assassin in history, frozen and brainwashed pride of Hydra, fucking insanely terrifying guy that had once crushed Tony’s toaster in his metal hand because it had popped out toast and startled him, the Winter Soldier, was wearing a crop top with Captain America’s shield on it. Tony shook his head but the image in front of him didn’t change. There was Bucky “I shot Nick Fury through a wall” Barnes, hair pulled up in a bun, sweatpants barely clinging to his hips (and leaving Tony with the unwelcome knowledge that the Winter Soldier did not wear underwear), wearing a loose, short white crop top that revealed his scarred and muscular stomach and hung off one shoulder, and was completed by a large stylized design of the Captain’s shield. “Hey Stark,” Barnes spoke, noticing Tony who was still doing his best impression of a statue in the doorway, raising an eyebrow when Tony managed to move a couple of steps forward into the room, but couldn’t get out much more than a few incoherent sputters as he gestured towards the Soldier. “What, did I spill something?” Barnes frowned, looking down at himself. And Tony could feel himself losing what was left of his cool. “Hey Tony,” and oh great, here was the living embodiment of the American flag, fluffy kittens, and good grammar himself, Steve Rogers. Tony watched, incredulously, as Rogers greeted Barnes without so much as a blink, settling himself on the couch and handing Barnes a bucket of popcorn, picking up the remote from the coffee table before pausing and looking back at Tony. “Stark?” he asked, voice concerned, “are you okay?”“What the fuck is Barnes wearing?” Rogers looked over at his friend with a frown, before looking back at Tony with a raised brow.“Um, clothes?” He replied, and Tony just couldn’t anymore. Throwing his arms up, he turned and left the room, muttering to himself about insane supersoldiers and their even crazier returned-from-the-dead best friends. Bucky and Steve waited until Tony was well out of earshot before bursting out laughing. “Oh fuck did you see his face?” Bucky laughed, leaning into Steve. “I thought he was going to have an aneurysm,” Steve giggled in return. “I don’t know what his problem is,” Bucky asked thoughtfully, stretching out his shirt in front of him and looking down at it, “I think it’s rather flattering.” Steve grinned at his friend. “You look cute as a button pal.”“Aw, shut up asshole,” Bucky responded fondly, nudging up against Steve’s shoulder as he grabbed the remote and pressed play, watching as Rapunzel began once again dancing and singing about having a dream. 2. “Suck my star spangled dick motherfuckers!” Steve shouted as he took the lead. Clint looked over in alarm to where Steve was now turning an interesting shade of red on the other side of the couch, then over to Natasha on his other side, who seemed utterly unphased by Steve’s outburst. He couldn’t see much of Bucky from where he was sprawled on the other side of Steve, but he hadn’t so much at twitched at the shouting. Clint turned his attention back to the screen just in time to watch his kart go spinning off into the mineshaft. Sighing, he waited for the little cloud to put him back on the track, glancing at the other player’s screens just in time to see-“DID YOU JUST FUCKING BLUE-SHELL ME?” “Yup,” was Natasha’s stoic reply, and Clint was beginning to feel uncomfortable being sat between the two players, along with the knowledge that Captain America apparently swore like a sailor, which, who knew? He kind of wished Tony was there to share incredulous glances with, but he was stuck alone in a room full of crazy people. “I swear to fucking
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Fluff
Humor
Domestic Avengers
Mario Kart
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
News Media
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Bucky Barnes is a shameless enabler

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

