Chapter 1: Thigh Fucking - Peter
    




Chapter Text



 
~⭐~
 

The first quiet minutes of the evening were a blessing and a curse at the same time. On the one hand, Peter couldn’t deal with congratulations anymore, and if he had to open another present from someone he didn’t even know, he would puke on his husband’s shiny shoes. But on the other hand, the end of the celebrations also meant the end of Peter’s virginity and he had never been more nervous in his life. 


Peter shouldn’t be moping. It was his wedding day, god damn it. Everyone expected him to laugh and press against his Alpha’s side. Hell, they expected him to look as if this was the best day of his entire life, but Peter knew his facade started to crumble. 


It wasn’t about his husband. Tony was great. Peter had met him two months ago when he started his first job at Stark Industries, and he had never seen an Alpha more beautiful. Tony was strong, handsome, and rich, everything an Omega could want in an Alpha. And to make it even better, Tony was nice too. He didn’t want Peter to quit his job, he had even signed a permit for Peter to work before May agreed to the wedding, and he treated Peter like he hung the moon. 


And exactly that was what made Peter scared. Tony was perfect but Peter wasn’t. What if he would fuck it up? What if he wouldn’t be good enough for Tony? Their bond couldn’t be broken anymore, Tony had left a mating mark on his skin a few hours ago, but Peter could still make his Alpha’s life miserable. 


Insecurity after insecurity washed over him, souring his scent more and more every second. It was only a matter of time until someone could smell it on him. Maybe they would even think it was Tony’s fault, that Peter felt trapped at his Alpha’s side, even though his distress was his own fault. 


People had always said that Peter wasn’t good enough. Sure, Peter looked like an Omega, all soft, and Alphas tripped over themselves to look at his plump little ass, but his personality made the facade crumble. No one wanted an Omega fighting for independence and insisting on working a normal job. Flash had told him so a thousand times. And now Peter had trapped Tony Stark, most brilliant Alpha in the entire country, at his side.


Peter was almost relieved when the last guests left, so no one would notice his fear. Maybe May had sensed something because she looked worried as she hugged him good-bye, but it couldn’t have been more than a guess. In the end, she drove home like everyone else. Only Tony and Peter were left. 


“Let’s go home, Peter.”


Home. Home wasn’t his tiny bedroom apartment anymore. Home was a huge flashy tower worth more than Peter would earn in his life, and half of it belonged to Peter now since Tony insisted they wouldn’t sign a marriage contract. The trust in him made Peter sick. What if he would fuck it up? Would Tony regret marrying him?


When they sat together in the backseat of Tony’s limousine, the Alpha noticed that something was wrong. Peter had tried to cover his scent, but it was impossible when they sat so close to each other.


“What’s wrong, baby? Do you regret it?” Peter could hear the concern in Tony’s voice, but there was also a hint of fear. Fear that Peter didn’t want him. Maybe even fear that Peter had only married him for the money. 


“NO!” Peter couldn’t stand his Alpha’s worries. “I’m just nervous, Alpha. I have never… You know.” It wasn’t even a lie. Peter was actually nervous. 


“Oh, baby.” Tony tried to sound empathic, but Peter could hear the satisfaction in his voice. It wasn’t a secret that an Omega being a virgin fueled an Alpha’s possessiveness. Tony was no exception. 


“I’ll make it good for you, Peter. I promise. We don’t have to do anything today. I can wait until you’re ready.”


“No.” Peter wanted it, he wanted it really bad. He just wasn’t sure if he could do anything right now. “C-can we t-take it slow, Alpha?”


Tony gave him a smile which was so bright, 

so genuine

, that Peter forgot his concerns. This is what he should focus on. He should focus on their marriage, on his body, on 

Tony’s body,

 and not the stupid insecurities that did him no good. He was with his Alpha now. Tony had chosen this. There must be at least attraction on his husband’s side. 





~⭐~

 

Half an hour later, they stumbled into the bedroom. Peter could feel that Tony held back and he was incredibly grateful for that. It was in the Alpha’s instincts to claim Peter, to impale him on his knot as soon as the mating mark bloomed on Peter’s neck, but Tony restrained himself. For Peter. 


At one point, Tony would have to fuck him and Peter knew it. His husband had taken a week off from work, and they couldn’t separate until the Omega was completely claimed, even inside of him, but Peter was grateful for every second he could prepare himself. Selfish Alphas fucked their Omegas open on the wedding night. Good Alphas helped them get used to taking a knot with everything they had. Fingers, toys,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Peter Parker
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Marriage
Husbands
Marriage of Convenience
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Mpreg
Feelings Realization
Smut
a lot of smut
Intercrural Sex
Rimming
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Size Kink
Overstimulation
Possessive Sex
Medical Kink
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Shibari
Somnophilia
Humiliation
Feminization
Cock Warming
Semi-Public Sex
Exhibitionism
Mirror Sex
Impact Play
Anal Beads
Sensory Deprivation
Safewords
Safeword Use
Spanking
Praise Kink
Breeding
Sex Toys
Daddy Kink
Riding
Wow
SO MANY SEX TAGS

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

