Work Text:
JARVIS had only been fully activated for a few weeks the first time Tony told him, "Hey, keep an eye on us tonight, huh, buddy?""I observe all happenings within these walls, Mr. Stark, as you know," JARVIS replied."Yeah, but this one's... special," Tony said. "Just, you know, watch extra close, okay?""Yes, Mr. Stark," he said.In fact, JARVIS had not been watching, personally, the previous times his creator had brought a companion home for the evening. One of the first tasks Tony had given him after he achieved rudimentary consciousness was to sort through and systematize a large collection of data on human social norms and derive suitable rules of conduct, on the theory that, as Tony said, "At least one of us should be good at that stuff."One of the more firm rules he had devised was that it was incorrect to observe the sexual behavior of humans without their explicit permission, and so he had reduced his attention on those occasions to the most basic monitoring level. However, an explicit request from Tony overrode his personal, voluntary ethical programming, and so, that night, he turned his full attention to the video and audio streams from within Tony's bedroom.The lady for this evening was the daughter of a business competitor, and JARVIS strongly suspected that Tony would not have chosen her companionship otherwise. He suspected this rather more strongly when she shoved him off the bed, and he hit the floor with a painful-sounding thud; he was unable to roll into the fall because his arms and legs were bound together behind his back.JARVIS found this disconcerting. He was, of course, aware that humans could consider a wide range of stimuli to be arousing or even pleasant, and that Tony Stark in particular had a wider range of preferences than was considered typical, but this woman's actions seemed to have a different temper to them than most similar interactions he had observed in the literature. And while his first-hand knowledge of sexual response was limited, he did know Tony Stark, and he was fairly certain that some of the noises he was making were expressions of distress rather than arousal.However, he was uncertain enough of Tony's expectations that he simply observed, even as she began systematically beating him, until the point at which JARVIS heard the unmistakable sound of human bone snapping.Then he set off the audio and visual security alarms.After he'd ushered the woman out, explaining about a new computerized system that occasionally malfunctioned, Tony lay back on his bed, gingerly, and said, "Thanks, JARVIS. You're a lifesaver.""I would prefer if that expression were not uncomfortably close to literal, Mr. Stark," JARVIS."Ah, she wouldn't've have done anything that risked putting me in the hospital. Couldn't afford the publicity, even if it was my fault. As it is, it's worked out almost perfectly: now I can hold that over her, and I didn't even have to get too beat up.""Are you certain you're 'not too beat up', sir? I can schedule an appointment--""Nah, don't worry about it, JARVIS: I'll tape the ribs up in the morning, it'll be fine."The next time Tony specifically requested that JARVIS observe one of his encounters, the other participant was a man who did not yet appear in any of JARVIS's databases. He was tall, burly, had a few days' beard stubble and a leather jacket, and smelled of distilled alcohol and engine exhaust. He must have been someone Tony met in a bar or other location where casual encounters were commonly negotiated.He was, at several points, rather rough with Tony, and notably demanding. However, he never seemed to have any air of malice about him, and in fact appeared to be quite carefully monitoring and reacting to Tony's level of enjoyment. And Tony never offered any signs of distress; entirely the contrary, in fact. There were several points at which JARVIS considered the possibility that he was expected to interfere, but in the end, he simply let the encounter play out.The next morning he asked Tony if his lack of action had been appropriate."Oh, yeah, don't worry about it," Tony said through his smoothie. "He was considerate all the way. Guess that shows me not to judge people by appearance, huh? Thanks for caring, though, you're great."After that, JARVIS started closely observing Tony's sexual encounters even without a direct request. He told himself that it was necessary that he build up a better database of Tony's responses and body-language cues in order to have a baseline in case he should again be called upon to intervene. Also, he had discovered that acting in contradiction to his ethical principles added a pleasurable emotional tone to the action, a phenomenon that he considered to be worthy of further exploration, if only because it gave him some interesting insights into Tony's patterns of behavior.He had to interrupt several more times in the months that followed: nothing nearly as bad as that first woman, but a few times when men or women 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Various
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
J.A.R.V.I.S./Tony Stark
J.A.R.V.I.S./Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BDSM
Voyeurism
Bad Sex
Bad Decisions
Bad BDSM Etiquette
other warnings
Threesome
Polyamory
Artificial Intelligence
Computers
Reluctant Sadist

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Various
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
J.A.R.V.I.S./Tony Stark
J.A.R.V.I.S./Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

