Work Text:
The only good thing about this trip, Danny mused as flew invisible towards Central Park in the New York skyline, is the sightseeing.When Danny's parents had casually mentioned that the whole family would be going on a cross country road trip to visit a family friend in New York City during the summer break, Danny almost had a fit. The last road trip had nearly killed his parents, and he had earned a fair amount of bumps, bruises, and ectoplasm burns. Danny tried to weasel out of it by arguing that he had plans with Sam and Tucker, but his parents had stated that he was too young to be by himself for that long. Angry about the remark Danny had told them it wasn't fair that they sprung this on him and his sister without prior warning, and Jazz surprisingly took his side. Their parents had hesitated, but eventually agreed after a fair amount of wheedling, and said they would allow them any and all the free time they wanted when they hit New York. After breaking the news to Sam and Tucker, all three of them had sulked over to Nasty Burger to drown their woes in grease. Tucker had predictable bounced back after a few bites of his burger, and had animatedly gave him tourist activities he could do in New York.
"Dude," Tucker had stated while sipping his drink, "Think about it. No parents, free reign in the NYC? You'll have an awesome time!"

"Doing what?" Danny gripped, drowning his fries in ketchup. "Going to a museum without you guys would be boring, and wandering around New York sounds like asking for trouble."

"I never said you had to enjoy the sights as a human," Tucker said smugly, puffing his chest. Danny paused and looked up from his french-fry massacre.

"You want Danny to go sightseeing in New York, as a ghost?" Sam clarified, taking a long sip from her smoothy. "Did your brain overheat in your beret?" Danny snorted and Tucker gasped indignantly. 

"Come on, guys! It's a great idea! Danny, you're always telling us how amazing Amity looks from the air - think about how awesome New York would look?  And if anybody messes with you, their toast!" Tucker paused to take a another bite out of his burger and then grinned slyly. "Besides, maybe you'll meet another hero."
Have to admit it, Tuck, Danny thought while floating in the air and watching a acrobatic ring performance, This is pretty cool. After "haunting" Central Park for nearly three hours, Danny could finally confess that he was having fun. It was just so interesting to be a ghost during the daytime without having worrying about destruction, doom, and boxes, and just be able to enjoy the sights like everyone else. In Amity, he was usually active during the night when most people were asleep and streets were quiet, but right now in the afternoon New York was teeming with people. Before this Danny would never had considered himself a people-watching person, but here he couldn't stop. New York City was just so active, like the city itself was alive in a way that Amity wasn't. (Maybe that was because Amity Park was a ghost  town) Although, Danny thought as he spotted someone with a purple and yellow mohawk just casually going on an afternoon jog, that might be because of the people. New York must just breed and attract a certain type of colorful people like Amity bred and attracted certain types of obsessive ghosts.Danny followed the jogger with his eyes before they rounded a corner and his attention went to a dog walker on a skateboard attached to an obscene amount of dogs. Danny zipped so he was overhead and watched as the doggy hoard seamlessly weaved in between throngs of people before he spotted a public bathroom. He went intangible and discretely checked it was empty before turning human and going back out into the park. Following his nose to a hotdog stand and getting something to eat, he continued wandering around, taking videos of performances and tipping performers as he went.Danny spent an hour and half wandering around before figuring he should start making his way back to the hotel his family was staying at. He found another bathroom to go ghost and leisurely floated invisible about two stories high between buildings, stopping every once and a while to observe graffiti tags and murals. Just as he was about to call it quits and actually make his way to the hotel, he spotted an opening between buildings that would be a perfect shot for a NYC Skyline. He darted higher into the sky, his legs merging together into his ghostly tail as he circled around when something red caught his eye and he slowed. When he got a good look at what caught his attention, Danny's jaw dropped.No way, Danny thought as he stared. Is that Spider Man?! Oh my God, it is!Danny slowly circled around the spider themed hero, who was balanced on the top of a flagpole like a sentient gargoyle. Unable to help himself from getting a closer look, Danny flipped himself over so that he was floating upside-down in front of the hero, far enough that Spider Man wouldn't hit him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Mentioned Sam Manson
Mentioned Tucker Foley
Mentioned Mattie Fenton
Mentioned Jack Fenton
Mentioned Jazz Fenton
Other Marvel Charaters Mentioned
feel good fic
Tiny bit of Angst
Friendship
Takes place some time after Ultimate Enemy
Episode: s02e08-09 The Ultimate Enemy

fandom: 
None
