Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 

Clint

He really hadn’t expected this when Steve recruited him to help hunt down the Winter Soldier, the shadowy assassin who probably had more kills to his name than Clint and Natasha put together. Not this lost, broken, confused man whose blue eyes looked as though they were gazing out from Hell itself.
Clint wasn’t foolish enough to be unwary, though. He lowered the bow and put the arrow away, drew his sidearm and walked closer to the man lying in the alleyway. He wouldn’t even be sure it was Barnes if not for the very distinctive metal arm, gleaming in the dull light.
“Hey,” he said quietly. “We’ve been looking for you. Steve sent me to help.”
Those blue, blue eyes flickered up to his, and to his immense surprise a small smile cracked the bearded face. “I’m very glad you found me,” Barnes said in a weary voice. He reached up his human hand, clearly asking for a hand up.
Clint startled back, eyes widening. “Seriously?” he said questioningly.
“What’re the odds someone else is gonna say those words to me?” In the tired smile, he could see the shadows of the very attractive man Bucky Barnes had once been, and something warm coiled in the pit of Clint’s stomach. “Must say I never thought it’d be someone as good-lookin’ as you, though.”
“Thought you were one for the ladies,” Clint finally leaned forward and gave Barnes his hand, yanking him to his feet. He was a heavy bastard, thickly muscled and that metal arm couldn’t be light.
“I was. Didn’t mean I didn’t like guys, too.”
“Huh. Me too. I got two soulmarks. You?”
“Yeah.” Bucky leaned on his shoulder wearily. They were almost the same height, Bucky maybe an inch or two taller. Clint put away his gun and wrapped his arm around Bucky’s back, supporting him. “Maybe we’ll get lucky and our third’s a girl, hmm?”
“That’d be nice.” Clint glanced at Bucky’s bearded jaw. “But I reckon you’ll do me until we find her. I ain’t kissing you until you’ve cleaned up a bit, though.”
“Fair enough.” Bucky actually grinned. “Just get me to a shower, handsome.”
Clint’s arm tightened around his exhausted soulmate as he helped him to the car. “Gonna take care of you, Bucky Barnes. Always.”
 
Steve was shocked – and delighted – when Clint and Bucky appeared at the Tower clinging to each other. He quickly took in Clint’s gabbled explanation and fended off Tony and Natasha, convinced Bucky to let Bruce quickly check him over for major injuries, and then let Clint take him to his apartment once Bruce cleared him.
“Can your arm get wet?” Clint asked, helping Bucky over to the shower.
“Yeah, it’s fine.” Bucky struggled to take his clothes off, so Clint helped.
His clothes were little more than rags, so as they removed them Clint just dumped them straight in the garbage. They were close enough in size Bucky would be able to wear his clothes. Clint stripped down to his shorts, fearing Bucky would fall in the shower, and went in with him. Bucky probably needed sleep, and food, but he was utterly rank. Clint wasn’t having that smell in his apartment.
“Would you shave me?” Bucky asked, to his surprise, when Clint finally had him clean and the shower switched off.
“Let’s feed you first.”
“I want to kiss you, though.”
“Oh…” Clint stared into those amazingly blue eyes, and then Bucky’s hands, one warm flesh and one cool metal, closed gently on his arms, pulling him closer. “The shave could wait,” a small smile quirked Clint’s lips, and he leaned in.
It was a tender, heated kiss, and to Clint’s astonishment he felt Bucky’s arousal jump against his stomach. “You can’t possibly be in any condition for that!”
“You wait seventy years and see how much you want it,” Bucky said with an exhausted laugh, “but you’re right.”
Clint made him wait a couple more days, until he’d been properly fed, rested, had a thorough medical examination from Bruce, and Tony had checked over his arm for any booby traps, trackers or damage. Tony wanted to remove the arm for testing and upgrading but Clint threatened to booby trap his armour if he did and Tony reluctantly gave in. For now.
“Now I’ll shave you,” Clint told Bucky as they headed back to his apartment. Bucky gave him a lecherous grin.
“I hope that’s a euphemism for something else.”
“Shave first!” Clint laughed, “something else later!”
 

Bucky

He really couldn’t believe his luck. What were the odds that, at his lowest ebb, at the point where he’d really thought he might die there on the alley floor because he just didn’t have the strength to get up, a handsome, muscled blond archer would detach himself from the shadows and turn out to be his soulmate?
Bucky lay and gazed at Clint, sleeping peacefully beside him. The archer had his own dark past, they’d talked enough over the last few days for Bucky to realise that, but he was fundamentally a good man, one who could show Bucky the way back to the light. And in this place, with old and trusted friends close by, fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Skye
James "Bucky" Barnes/Skye
Clint Barton/Skye

freeform: 
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M
Smut
Explicit Sexual Content
Fluff and Smut
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Oral Sex
Look there's just lots of sex
This one is about sex
Porn
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
NSFW IMHO
Cunnilingus
Double Penetration

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Skye
James "Bucky" Barnes/Skye
Clint Barton/Skye

