Chapter 1



Summary:

Originally, I had started this fic after finishing a marathon of every Arrow episode to date, and it began as an Arrow AU that sort of... got away from me. Very, very far away from me. Instead, this fic takes elements from the show, sort of, as well as CA:TWS, and kind of got tangled into something different along the way.
(Title from Ed Sheeran's Friends.)





Chapter Text
 
Bucky is still a kid when he first meets Steve, and he's not very good at making friends. Bucky is likeable, and charming, but most of the kids his age that go to his school know who he is the moment he sticks out his hand and says his name. In Bucky's world, the name Barnes means something, and they've already decided how they feel about him: if they decide they like him, he never needs to put any effort in; if they decide they don't, well. Bucky isn't going to beg anyone to be his friend.
But at the park, with a baseball cap tilted down over his face and dressed in the same kind of clothes that all the boys his age are wearing (though marginally more expensive, probably), he's just Bucky and that doesn't mean anything to anybody. He's not the son of the woman who was on the front of every newspaper last week, shaking hands with important people. He's not the boy who learned how to tie his own tie before he learned how to throw a football. He's just any other kid hanging out at the park, which means that, if he wants to make friends, he's gotta do something about it.
He wants to be friends with the blond boy who sits alone at the picnic table.
He decides this on a whim when he passes the picnic table on his search for a hotdog stand that he spotted earlier, Gameboy swinging loosely from one hand as he walks. The boy's been sitting there for a while, barely even looking up, thin hand curled around a pencil, entire body curved over the book he's writing in. He's not hanging out with the other kids, doesn't seem to have any friends nearby, and Bucky wants to fix that.
Problem is, he doesn't know how. Does he just go over there, stick out his hand and ask the kid if he wants to be friends? Maybe Bucky should ask him what he's writing because he looks pretty interested in that notebook. Or is that weird? Bucky doesn't know. He's never had to do something like this before.
But then, on Bucky's third, inconspicuous loop around the surrounding area, a group of boys walk past him, heading straight for the picnic table. Disappointment floods through him as he realizes the boy at the picnic table must already have friends. He doesn't need Bucky. If Bucky tries to go up to him now they'll all probably laugh at him, or worse— ignore him.
He goes to walk away, cursing himself for not doing something when he had the chance, when he hears a distressed sound and that low, cruel laughter he's trying to save himself from.
Bucky looks back just in time to watch the blond boy fall to the ground. One of the others picks up the book he was writing in, tossing it away from them, pages fluttering, and Bucky gapes. They're still laughing, loud and mocking, but it's not at Bucky. It's at the boy on the ground, and Bucky realizes he's wrong: they're not his friends. They're definitely not his friends.
"Hey!" he shouts before he can stop himself, running over. "What are you doing?"
The blond boy struggles to his feet, looking surprisingly fierce for someone so damn tiny, Bucky thinks to himself. There's no fear in his eyes despite the fact that the other boys are twice his size, and he boldly steps right up to the kid who threw his book and says, "You can't touch other people's things without their permission!"
"Oh yeah?" the boy who threw the notebook challenges. He towers over the blond, taller and wider and a lot more intimidating. "What're you gonna do, Steve?"
"You're going to apologize," Bucky says, instinctively moving between the two of them. "And you're going to go get his book and bring it back to him."
"Yeah," the boy snorts. "Sure I am." He rolls his eyes, turning to elbow one of his friends in the gut as he says, "Come on. We got better things to do."
Bucky glares at their backs as they turn away, resisting the urge to go after them because his mom might not ever let him come back to the park if she finds out he got in a fight. He feels helpless, though, like he didn't do enough, like he should say something else to them, and he goes to apologize to the blond boy when he spots the notebook a few feet away, lying dejectedly in the grass.
He can do this, at least. He can get it back.
The front cover is crumpled and it falls open to a page of a messy sketch when he picks it up. Bucky tries not to look at it, figuring it's an invasion of privacy, but he can't help sneaking a peek and finds a rough outline of the trees across from the picnic table that the boy must've been drawing. It's not bad, Bucky thinks. His mom likes art a lot, has tons of expensive pieces on the walls of almost every room of his home, and Bucky has never paid
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Torture
Kidnapping
canon-typical Bucky warnings
Alternate Universe
death of a parent mention
Sexual Content
unhealthy alcohol consumption
Brainwashing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

