Chapter 1: Pineapples and Padawans
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter Parker was a babbler. This was something Tony noticed immediately, from the moment he set foot in the kid’s bedroom. Not that he was one to talk. Tony knew full well just how much he could chatter when he really got going. He could name at least five instances in the last week in which Pepper had given him that look...the look that clearly told him that he was talking a hell of a lot, not so much as a means to shut him up, but rather to simply make him aware that he was doing it at all. And now, listening to Peter ramble on about YouTube and fake videos and “It’s all done on a computer” as he frantically stumbled his way through excuses to cover up his secret superhero identity, Tony got the feeling he was beginning to understand Pepper’s look a lot more.Though, Tony mused, with how his own brain tended to work, he also knew that he probably understood Peter Parker’s rapid trains of thought better than most...better than Pepper would have by far.“–It’s like that video, what is it…” Peter was muttering now, fiddling with Tony’s phone on his desk to turn off the projected video of Spider-Man that had been playing.“Mhm…” Tony hummed in false agreement. If he were a teenage vigilante, where would he hide his costume…? His eyes trailed up across the ceiling, where a square ceiling tile leading to an attic crawl space was set into the popcorn plaster. He smirked. This was almost too easy. “Yeahyeahyeah...oh, you mean like those UFO’s over Phoenix?” he offered, easily following Peter’s thought process.Tony reached for what looked like a broken broom handle that was leaning against Peter’s desk. He hefted it in one hand, feeling the weight, and smoothly raised it toward the tile above his head.“Exactly!” Peter exclaimed.Just as he said it, the tile gave way under Tony’s prodding, and a bundled red and blue costume came tumbling from the space above attached to a length of rope.“What have we here?” Tony said dryly.“No–!”Almost quicker than Tony could register, Peter had vaulted over his twin bed and yanked the bundle of fabric down from where it hung, flinging it deep into his closet as if doing so would erase the fact that Tony had found it at all.“Uh...th-that’s, a…” Peter trailed off. He turned where he stood, leaning tensely against the wall of his closet with his arms folded tightly across his chest. His eyes darted rapidly between Tony and the broom handle that Tony had dropped on the floor. A slow breath escaped him, and silence fell between them.Tony eyed the teen for a moment. He looked nervous, tense. Scared, almost. His knee was bouncing rapidly and Tony caught sight of the kid’s fingers plucking at the edge of his hoodie zipper beneath his folded arms. The mannerisms were familiar, so strangely familiar, though Tony couldn’t quite place why. He pondered it for a half a breath before stepping forward and continuing on toward the point he was trying to make.“So.” Tony stopped in front of Peter, and the teen looked up at him, focussed now. “You're the....Spider...ling. Crime-fighting Spider...you're Spider-Boy?”“I’m S…” Peter looked away, exasperated. “Spider-Man.”Confirmation.And the conversation carried on, to goggles, and abilities, and he made his own webbing? and “You're in dire need of an upgrade” and “Why are you doing this?” and a moment in which a fourteen-year-old boy showed Tony more wisdom than he’d ever had when he first started putting on the suit and stepping out into the world as Iron Man.
“When you can do the things that I can, but you don't...and then the bad things happen...they happen because of you.”
And before Tony really had time to ponder the lingering thoughts in the back of his mind, the tiny voice wondering why it felt as though he had met Peter before, he was talking about Germany and passports and “It might be a little dangerous” and the kid was webbing his hand to a doorknob.All in all, not the weirdest introduction he’d had with a superhero, but it was certainly memorable.It wasn’t until Tony was back in his car with Happy and on the road that he even paused to ponder the familiarity of the kid in that apartment. There was something...oddly recognizable, about the whole thing. Chatterbox tendencies aside, speaking with Peter Parker - watching him, listening to him - was gnawing at something in the back of his mind. It was like there was something he was forgetting, something that was so memorable about the entire situation and yet just out of reach.Perhaps it was the similarities he saw in Peter, similarities to his younger (pre-college) self. A technologically brilliant young man, tinkering in his bedroom, wanting to impress the world even though he wasn’t quite sure how just yet. There was the babbling and fidgeting, of course, but also his proclivity for science and his potential for greatness–The Audi turned down a street, the sunlight overh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
iron dad and spider-son
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker has ADHD
ADD/ADHD Tony Stark
Honestly it just makes sense
It's not specifically mentioned but it's more of a general character trait
Spider-Man: Homecoming (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Slow Burn
Sorry for people who like to jump right into it
But Tony doesn't find out about Peter right away
Be patient
IT'S WORTH IT
:3
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

