Chapter 1: re: I'd owe you one
    




Chapter Text
The man named Steve and the man named Sam Wilson have to go on a mission. You haven't been told what it is and you don't ask -- you know they can't tell you. If you know you might try to go after the man named Steve and there are too many failsafes and guards for you to be successful. You can't go with them because the therapists say you shouldn't be around weapons and violence. You know that if you go with them you will steal a rifle and slip to the comforting heights of a rooftop and take out anything that gets near the man named Steve. Pop, pop, pop, and they'll go down like broken dolls. Someone will shoot you with a dart and you'll wake up in the residential care place and never wake up in the middle of the night to find the man named Steve standing guard over your nightmares again. You can't stay by yourself, either, because you still forget to eat and sleep or do anything but wait for your next order. The three of you -- the man named Steve, the man named Sam Wilson, and you yourself -- are at the kitchen table holding a discussion about what to do with you. It's nice that they include you, but very strange. You don't say anything about it, because the man named Steve will get a pinched look around his his mouth, and the man named Sam Wilson will patiently remind you that humans are allowed to decide things. You are allowed to decide things because you are a human, he will say, and you will think,Allegedly. Allegedly human.The man named Sam Wilson says, "We can probably do, well, respite, at the residential care place. They owe us a favor and they like JB."'Respite' means the man named Steve is too tired. You like the nurses and the staff there, but you hate that it means that the man named Steve is too tired. You'd almost rather stay there all the time, like they thought you might have to, but if you did you couldn't pad softly around the brownstone late at night to make sure it was secure. You couldn't take watch while the man named Steve slept. "I don't like it," says the man named Steve. "Everything's been going so well lately and if someone --" he means the man named Phillip Coulson, who came back to life "-- finds out he's staying there, they might ...""Yeah," says the man named Sam Wilson, rubbing his face with his hand. "And besides, I bet someone would love to take this prime opportunity to evaluate you while Captain America isn't there to look disapproving."'Evaluation' is worse than 'respite'. SHIELD and the government keep trying to bring you in for it -- not the gentle way that the residential care place or the therapists do it, to see if you are making progress at becoming a human again, but to see if you are still the Winter Soldier. They do it because they want to make you their weapon, or their scapegoat. Maybe both."What if --" says the man named Sam Wilson, "what if he could, well, stay at the Tower?"It's the man named Steve's turn to rub his face with his hand. "I hate to owe Tony another favor."You don't like the man named Tony Stark. He's loud and - and - and short, and tries to get you to agree to stupid ideas about your metal arm."It's probably our best option," says the man named Sam Wilson tiredly. "Clint and Tash are both going with us."And the Tower has the AI who is named JARVIS, you think, and not even the man named Phillip Coulson, who came back to life, or his new SHIELD, or any government in the world can argue that you are left unsupervised. "I don't care," you say. Both the man named Steve and the man named Sam Wilson look at you, and then at each other. You know that silent conversation look. You remember dimly you used to be able to read Steve Rogers at a glance, and he could look back at Bucky Barnes and know exactly what he was thinking too. "If you're sure," says the man named Steve.You lift one shoulder, and put it down again. You don't want to say you're afraid of going back to the residential care place, because you're not, exactly: you're afraid that someone will come while you are there and force the staff and the nurses, who are kind to you, to let them evaluate you again.  "I'll call Tony," says the man named Steve. He pulls out his phone, puts it on the table. "Begin call: Tony Stark private line."The phone rings once, twice, and then a tiny hologram appears above the phone. "Cap," says the man named Tony Stark. "Sam! Robocicle. What's up."
The man named Tony Stark takes some convincing but after the man named Steve promises cross his heart and hope to die stick a thousand needles in his eyes that he will let the man named Tony Stark design a new uniform for him and he won't even say a word about how tight the trousers are, and the man named Sam Wilson crosses his heart and swears Scout's Honor that he won't tell the man named Colonel James Rhodes about the time with the whiskey and the graduating class of the Air Force Academy, ever, so help him, on his momma's pie.You and the man named Steve snort in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Recovery
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Candy
Side Story
pepper and bucky take over the world

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Pepper Potts

