Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I’m telling you, Maria. He’s seven years old and he’s still wetting the bed. It’s not right.”“Tony is eight, Howard.”“Do you think that makes it any better?! He’s turning into one of those freaks! I won’t have it!”“What are you going to do? Tony is our son! Your only son.”“That’s none of your concern.”“Howard –”The rest of the conversation was cut off when the door suddenly closed. Tony barely pulled back quick enough to avoid having his nose caught. He blinked at the door, then slowly looked up to meet the familiar face that was staring down at him.“Young Master, you shouldn’t be listening to your parent’s private conversations,” Jarvis told him. “Come along. It’s time for your bath.”Normally Tony would have put up a fuss about bath time; he didn’t today, too preoccupied with what he’d just heard. He allowed Jarvis to pick him up and automatically looped his legs around Jarvis’s waist, leaning his head on Jarvis’s shoulder. It was comfortable. Familiar. Jarvis’s arm around his waist and the hand under his butt were both firm. Jarvis would never allow him to fall.“Am I a freak?” Tony asked as they climbed the stairs.Jarvis stopped short. “What? Where on earth did you hear that?”“That’s what Father said,” Tony said, looking over Jarvis’s shoulder at the floor. It was very far away, but he knew that Jarvis would never drop him.Most eght-year-old boys were too big to be carried, but Tony was small for his age. Howard didn’t like that about him. He was always saying that Tony needed to eat more and do more so that he’d grow up big and strong. Maria always looked over Tony’s head like Tony didn’t exist at those moments.Jarvis didn’t say anything for a moment.Tony bit his lip and swallowed, blinking rapidly to try to hold back the tears.Howard didn’t like the way that Tony cried so easily, either.“You’re not a freak,” Jarvis said at last, and his voice was low and angry but filled with conviction. “There is nothing wrong with you.”“Yeah, there is. Most kids aren’t like me,” Tony said, but only once he was sure he could say it without crying. “Jarvis? Why am I like this?”Jarvis sighed and resumed climbing the stairs. He didn’t say another word until they were in the bathroom and the door was securely closed. Then he set Tony down, and Tony looked up at him. There was so much affection in Jarvis’s face, but there was a lot of worry too. It was the expression that he wore when he was going to tell Tony something very serious.“There are different classifications in the world. Not everyone is the same,” Jarvis said slowly. “Your father, for example, is a Dom. Your mother is a Sub. Their classifications go together.”“Okay,” Tony said. He’d already known that bit about his parents, though he wasn’t sure he fully understood what that meant. His tutors had touched briefly on classifications, but it was the sort of thing that he’d been told that he didn’t really need to know about until he was older. Right now, he was too anxious to hear the rest of what Jarvis had to say to bother asking any questions.“But there are other classifications too. No one can know for sure what classification you are until you’re older. You’ll be tested when you’re sixteen,” Jarvis explained. “But… some of the classifications are a little more obvious than others.”“And I’m one of them,” Tony concluded. He might have been small, but he wasn’t stupid.“I believe so, and your parents do as well.”“What am I?” Tony asked quietly. Part of him didn’t want to know, but he was experienced enough with life to know that not wanting to know something didn’t make whatever it was go away. At the very least, if his father hated him for something, then he wanted to know exactly what that something was.“You’re most likely a Little,” Jarvis said. There was no contempt in his voice, the way there would have been from Tony’s parents. But the quiet sort of sadness was almost worse.“A Little,” Tony whispered. The word was not unfamiliar to him. On his rare shopping trips with Ana and Jarvis, he had seen some people who looked like grown adults but who acted like children of varying ages. Howard openly scorned those people.“And probably a young Little,” Jarvis added. He knelt and turned on the water to the bathtub. Tony pressed his hands to his jeans. Underneath the denim fabric was a diaper, because his father was right. He lacked the control over his bladder and bowels that most other children his age had long since obtained. He still sucked his thumb and slept with a teddy bear. He loved being carried and being rocked to sleep and having Jarvis read him stories. When he was very tired, he was sloppy with food and drink. Sometimes Ana had to feed him. Once, a few months ago when he was sick, she’d snuck him some juice in a sippy cup.It was the best juice Tony had ever tasted.But he couldn’t be that, could he?He was a Stark.A Stark man, no less.Or he would be one day.He had always thought that he’d grow out of his childish ways, but now he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson

freeform: 
alternate universe - littles are known
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Between Avengers (2012) and Thor: The Dark World
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
Age Play Little Tony Stark
little Tony Stark
daddy Steve Rogers
daddy bucky barnes
Age Play Caregiver Steve Rogers
Age Play Caregiver Bucky Barnes
Caregiver Steve Rogers
Caregiver Bucky Barnes
age play little Clint Barton
Age play caregiver Phil Coulson
Caregiver Phil Coulson
Little Clint Barton
Headspace
age play headspace
Little Headspace
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Platonic Soulmates
Classifications
age play classifications
Slow Burn
slow burn age play
what can i say it takes tony a long time to come around to his feelings
NaNoWriMo 2020
Crying
Sick Character
Sick Tony Stark
Carrying
Diapers
Pacifiers
bottles
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
slow burn angst with a happy ending
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson

