Chapter 1: Beginnings
    




Chapter Text

-2008- 
 Tony Stark was angry. Well, not angry, but quite irritated. You must be wondering why. It’s actually quite simple. Pepper - loving, intelligent, annoying Pepper - locked him out of his own goddamn house with the help of J.A.R.V.I.S. just because he got drunk. Again. So now, he finds himself waking up in the Malibu Public Library with one of the worst hangovers of the last year. Why in the public library? No clue. It's not like he remembers much of what happened that night. "Sir, you can't sleep here." Tony, still trying to figure out what he was doing there, looked up from where he was sitting on the floor against the wall. An older woman was watching him with judgement in her gaze. "Oh wow, are you Tony Stark?" "Nope, just a copycat here. I need money to buy breakfast, you know? What do you think? Is the beard okay? Maybe it's too dark, maybe it's not accurate enough, I don't know... I don't trust the photos that they publish in magazines. Either way, I'm much more handsome than the original billionaire, don't you think? " Rolling her eyes, the lady turned and began to walk away. "If you’re not going to look for a book then you can start walking towards the exit" "How nice of you," he said as he got up muttering. First time in years he walked into this place, he might as well look around. It can't hurt anyone. The loneliness and silence may even help get rid of the killer headache. Anyone who reads the tabloids would think that the great Tony Stark, master of technology, would despise a library. However, since Edwin Jarvis - his family butler - had a habit of giving him a book for each of his birthdays while growing up, this differed greatly from reality. He enjoyed the silence of the place. Rows and rows of shelves filled with unexplored worlds, stories to discover, things to learn, words to enjoy. And at the end of one of the corridors, the silhouette of a person. Sitting cross-legged on the floor and completely absorbed by the book in his hands, was a man. A handsome man. A handsome giggling man. "I've finally seen it all" The man looked up, still smiling at whatever it was that was causing him such amusement, and almost knocked the air out of Tony with his piercing green eyes. "I do not know what you mean," he replied, tilting his head to the side curiously. "This is the first time I've heard someone laugh in the library. Especially if that laugh was caused by a book. Don't get me wrong, but unless that's a book about bad jokes there, it doesn't make much sense." He smirked, "Perhaps you have not read enough books to have an informed opinion on it. You too would laugh if you read such nonsense." "What are you even reading?" He asked, taking a few steps closer. "Nordic mythology", he turned the book and showed him an image of a horse with eight legs. "This animal is supposedly the son of the God of mischief, lies and fire." Tony huffed upon hearing that, "See? That right there is why I don't like myths. I'm a man of science. I need proven facts, theories, hypotheses. An eight-legged horse? Could be. Now, an eight-legged horse, son of a God on an unknown planet with a colorful bridge and magic hammers... that's a little more difficult to believe. But hey, we don't know everything about space. We could be part of a floating particle in another completely different universe. Who knows?" "You talk a lot" "You're not the first to tell me and you won't be the last," he laughed. "What a peculiar human you are." "What's up with that way of talking anyway? Are you a Shakespeare fan?" The man chuckled but didn't answer. “I guess that’s a yes” They talked a bit more about the myths -Asgard, Thor, Odin and whatnot- until the stranger finally rose from the ground and Tony was finally able to fully appreciate his person in the light. Accompanying the green eyes, he could see porcelain skin and dark hair brushing his shoulders. He was clearly taller than him, and was wearing a long black jacket with a green button-down shirt underneath. "I'm Tony, by the way," he added as they both walked towards the door that led to the street. "Tony Stark" "Lukas" "Nice. No last name?" "Why would I want a last name? I already have a first one" He rolled his eyes and mumbled, "And I'm the peculiar one" Tony's cell phone rang distracting him from his line of thought and the person beside him. It showed a message from Pepper saying that the doors of his house were open again. A dry laugh escaped him. Go figure. He was finally able to enter HIS home. "So Lukas, that British accent tells me you're not from around here. Are you? Or-" When he looked around, he found himself alone in the streets of Malibu. Argh, the handsome foreigner-maybe-not-so-foreigner left him alone and on top of that he needed to take a cab. Great. Just great. What a great fucking day. 


"Rhodey, I'm not kidding. That man was weird. He was talking like he came out of a damn book from the bygone era," he said witho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Pepper Potts & Loki & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Happy Hogan & Loki & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Nebula & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Loki

freeform: 
Pre-Iron Man 1
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Secret Relationship
Everyone is protective of Tony
not team Cap friendly
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Extremis Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Adopted Children
The Bots Are Tony's Children
Angst
Irondad
Parent Loki (Marvel)
Parent Tony Stark
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
FrostIron - Freeform
no beta read
We Die Like Men
Uncle Thor (Marvel)
Uncle Rhodey
Aunt Pepper
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Pepper Potts & Loki & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Happy Hogan & Loki & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Nebula & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Loki

