Chapter 1





Chapter Text



 

Chapter 1
The park was very eerie at this time of night. The soft orange glow from the odd lamp placed along the winding pathway gave out very little light, and only really through the glow of the very bright half moon was Erik able to navigate the path through the dark.  Erik glanced at his watch as he walked, pulling his long coat around himself to keep out the chill.  It wasn’t exactly a cold night, but it wasn’t warm either, that odd time between spring and summer where every night could be a vastly different temperature to the one before, especially in England.To the left as he walked was a ridge that led down a large steep hillside, fenced off with park benches placed at intervals for people to sit and view the world beneath them.  The world beneath them was London, at least the outskirts of it; this little park on a hill was part of the Surrey Downs, where nature met city, and where silence meet traffic jams.It was silent now, save for the soft barely audible roar of cars from the M25 somewhere down below, and the soft rustle of leaves in trees as the midnight breeze wafted softly through the air. Erik’s footsteps were the other only other sound, a steady pattern of steps as he walked, heading for his favourite bench.He usually came into the park after his work hours at the bank, sitting in the sunlight still in his suit, reading a book on the bench, mothers and children and dogs walking behind him, playing and talking and soaking in the evening sunlight.He hadn’t however, ever come to his bench at midnight.  He found he couldn’t sleep tonight, the numbers from a large account he’d opened today with a customer running through his head. He didn’t know why, he’d been at this job for 10 years, but for whatever reason he couldn’t shut his mind off tonight, so decided to take a stroll through the quiet to clear his head.There was a small cough from behind him, and suddenly his weren’t the only footsteps.Casually turning his head quickly at a glance as he walked, he saw a young man following someways behind him, dirty white jeans and a long sleeved cream top that was far too long for his arms, the hems falling over his knuckles.  Even in that quick glance in the dark Erik could see a pair of incredibly bright blue eyes peering up from underneath dark floppy curls, watching Erik as he’d turned to look at him.Erik’s pace quickened, stuffing his hands into his coat pockets.  It wasn’t as though he couldn’t be the only person to fancy a midnight walk, but then in this day and age it never boded well to be followed in the dark, no matter how scrawny the person looked.Turning off the path round a set of trees, presuming and hoping the young man would carry on down the path, Erik headed across a small patch of grass before landing eyes on his favourite bench, the twinkling lights of London spread out before him.Settling himself down on the wooden slats, Erik brought out a small square metal flask from the inside pocket of his coat, un-doing the cap and taking a small swig.  The gin burned his throat, but kept him warm from the chill in the air.  Placing it back into his pocket, he leant back on the bench, staring out into the night.He tried to look casually blasé when that young man walked slowly in front of him, hoping up onto the other end of the bench and sitting on the arm rest, feet planted firmly on the seat as he smiled at Erik.Erik didn’t look at him, ignored him entirely. This man was obviously after something and if worse came to worse and he was a mugger, well, Erik shouldn’t have any problem over powering him but it didn’t mean he wanted to get in a fight.He could smell smoke, white puffs of it floating into his vision as the man took a long drag of the cigarette that was dangling between his fingers.“Are you looking for something?” the man eventually asked.His voice was soft, so young sounding, and not at all the accent Erik had been mentally associating this shady character with. He sounded rather posh.“No.” he replied after a short pause, wondering whether he should reply or not and in the end deciding to just act bored and uninterested, still staring out over London.  With any luck he’d go away.The man laughed quietly, “You sure?”Erik turned his head ever so slightly and glanced at the man.  Sitting here away from the trees the moon was even brighter, and the silvery light that fell onto this man, accompanied by such pale clothing, made his skin look almost deathly white. There was darkness under his eyes though; they looked hollow, dark shadows making a striking contrast. His dark hair hung limply in his eyes, those eyes that despite the darkness surrounding them still shone that amazingly bright shade of blue. They were almost like lamps themselves in this dark.But it was those eyes, and those…red lips, that gave away his intentions.  The man was looking at Erik with an expression that longed for permission to move closer, a tug of a smirk on his lips that promis
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Romance
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Drama
Mystery
Angst
Sex
Lots of Sex
lots of fluff
oh my god the hurt/comfort
HAPPY ENDING!!!!
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier - Freeform

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

