Work Text:
The problem, Bucky thinks now that he has most of his memories back, is that his whole entire world has always revolved around Steve Rogers. Steve has been always been half of Bucky’s identity. Bucky Barnes, Steve Rogers’ best friend. Bucky Barnes, Steve Rogers’ wingman. Bucky Barnes, Steve Rogers’ teammate. And now, well, now Steve had other people to fill those positions. And of course, of course he’d always been a little bit in love with Steve. Not that he had ever said anything. He couldn’t really back then, not when such a declaration could have ended the friendship that had been the only ray of light in the darkness of his short existence. So when he overhears Steve telling Natasha that he’s finally found someone he’d like to date, someone with similar life experience, Bucky clings blindly to the hope that maybe, just maybe, Steve is talking about him. 
i. i’ve been afraid of changin’, cause i built my life around you
Bucky had not always felt so helplessly desperate. Well, he had, but not when it had come to Steve. At first, when Steve had found him huddled behind a dumpster in a crumbling Brooklyn alleyway, he’d been relieved. His memories had already began to claw their way back into his consciousness, and they were unrelenting. They woke him, thrashing, from his sleep, and haunted his every waking moment, reducing him to a quivering, sobbing mess by the time he’d managed to make his way to their old neighborhood. He did not know then why he’d returned there, his mind had been blank and his body operated seemingly on autopilot before the memories began, but the moment he’d arrived, he collapsed, curled in on himself, and had not moved since. With each new memory, good or bad, Bucky or the Soldier, his body physically shuttered, and he clutched his head in his hands and moaned miserably.So when Steve’s voice broke through the onslaught of memories, softly murmuring, “Hey, Buck it’s okay. I got you,” all he could feel was sheer relief.Steve had come for him. He knew Steve would come for him. Steve always came for him.The first months were the worst, even after the return of his memories had slowed to a more bearable pace. Bucky had no ability to take care of himself, after years upon years of being sprayed down with a hose, fed through IV, and shoved in a frozen capsule, self-care did not come easy. He had to struggle to relearn things that had once been second nature to him, or to the old Bucky anyway. Things as mind-numbingly simple as when to eat meals and how much to eat before stopping, and how to operate a shower, and use shampoo, and how often should he do said things. There were days when Bucky could almost function normally, and then there were days where he would squeeze himself into the tightest space he could find, refusing to speak, move, or eat no matter how much Steve pleaded. There were days when he would leap to attack if startled by so much as an object falling over, or Steve speaking before Bucky had realised he was in the room. Almost every night Bucky would snap awake screaming and thrashing violently from nightmares.Yet through all of it, Steve was patient, and gentle, and Steve. Steve would smile at him, make him breakfast, sit with him on the days he couldn’t bring himself to move or speak, and hold him when his night terrors felt too real. And Bucky had not realized how much he’d missed Steve, even when he’d had no memory of who the man was.The months after Bucky had finally begun to recover were the best. Steve seemed so excited to have Bucky back, and to have someone to experience the new century with. He would take Bucky everywhere from sightseeing, to sporting events, to museums, and movie theatres. It almost felt as though it were the good old days and it was the two of them against the rest of the world once again.And then everything came to a screeching halt.The realisation came one morning when Bucky lumbered out of bed late and stumbled sleepily into the kitchen of Steve’s D.C. apartment to find Natasha Romanoff lounging there, leaning casually back in her chair, feet propped up on the table. Steve was standing by the stove, scrambling eggs and the two were laughing quietly about something. They tried to stifle their laughter when Bucky walked into view, and he quickly realised that whatever it was must’ve been some kind of a private joke.He swallowed heavily, suddenly feeling awkward. “Hello Natasha.”“James.” She answered coolly. Natasha still didn’t trust him, and Bucky didn’t blame her. It wasn’t exactly easy to trust someone who had tried to kill you on more than one occasion.If Steve picked up on the dramatic atmospheric shift which had just taken place, he didn’t comment upon it, “Morning, Buck! Sleep well?”The two had been sharing a bed since Steve brought Bucky back to the apartment. The arrangement made it easier to calm him down after the panic attacks, so, Steve knew that Bucky had suffered a nightmare the past night. Bucky chose to assume that S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers (implied)
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky and animals because fuck you thats why
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky goes on a journey of self discovery
Misunderstandings
boys crying
Sexual Content
Blowjobs
Anal Sex
Angst with a Happy Ending
huzzah
now with 1000 percent less grammatical errors

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers (implied)
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Original Character(s)

