Work Text:
His mom does what she can, but it's never quite enough. The local store owners are as generous as possible with lines of credit—everyone knows about poor Joe Rogers, dying raw-skinned from mustard gas in a Flanders field; Sarah Rogers has patched up half the kids in the neighbourhood for free—but times are hard all round, and so food and coal grow scarce towards the end of each month. Their sixth-floor walk-up is blisteringly hot in the summer, but in the winter it grows so cold that Steve swears he can feel each individual knuckle creak when he tries to make numbed fingers hold a pencil to sketch with.
Between shifts at the hospital, his mother sleeps, burrowed beneath every blanket they own and Steve's best Sunday coat, the tangle of her ditch-water curls the only part of her visible. She's always tired, her hands reddened from carbolic soap, her legs prematurely riddled with varicose veins, so Steve does what he can, too: today he leaves her to sleep soundly in a quiet apartment, with a plate of bread and butter sitting under a dishcloth in the kitchen, the makings of a cup of tea left waiting beside it.
In the depths of a New York January, the walk down the block from their apartment to the public library is bitterly cold. Steve buries his nose in the folds of his scarf, tucks his hands into his armpits, and still walks shivering into the building, desperately hoping that he won't end up with another bout of chilblains. Last time, they were so bad they'd become infected and he'd been out of school for a week, miserable and sore. It's hard to dwell on that, though, when he's inside the library—as soon as he's through the front doors, Steve's in a place that's as much his home as the apartment is. The sound of the radiators clanking, working fiercely to keep the cold at bay, the murmurs of the library staff, the smell of paper and floor polish, have been familiar to him since he was first old enough to walk here by himself. He has an acknowledged spot at a table by a window on the second floor, an intimate knowledge of the library's holdings; the librarians never fail to smile and ask after his mother when they see him.
Today, it seems, is a day for feeling restless. Steve leaves his coat at his seat, tugs the red-and-gold skein of his scarf closer around his neck, and sets out into the stacks. He ignores familiar friends of his—the weighty heft of Charles and Mary Beard, Herbert Bolton, Frederick Jackson Turner; well-thumbed editions of Ivanhoe and Gulliver's Travels, Black Beauty and Shakespeare; slim volumes of Sassoon and Owen and Remarque—in favour of some new library acquisitions: thick books on the history of art. These are the kinds of books Steve could never afford—his mother doesn't accept all the money he gives her from the weekend odd jobs he does, but even so the novels stacked by his bed at home are selections from the dime store sale rack; have to be, if he ever wants to save up enough for art school tuition. These new library volumes, on the other hand, have hard cloth covers in rich jewel tones, the titles stamped on them in authoritative gold filigree—The Artists and Architects of the French Renaissance, with an Index to their Work; The French Modern Masters: Braque, Matisse, Derain, Picasso; From Botticelli to Da Vinci—and the pages inside are glossy and heavy. Steve runs his fingertips over the plates of photos—even in black-and-white-and-sepia, the colours faded and the contrast over-dark, the worlds they show him are more than enough to entrance. He'd swear that he can feel the soft smudge of chiaroscuro against his skin, can't help but learn with his fingers the linear grace of Venus emerging from the ocean; there are treasures in here that he’s never even known to dream of.
Steve loses hours to looking at these pictures, knows that the chances of him ever seeing these things in person are slim—a ticket for a ship heading for Le Havre or Southampton doesn't come cheap, and he has school to finish, his mom to look after—but he likes to think that at least he's at least seen the best parts of them; known the worth of them, even if only refracted through the weight of a book in his lap.
*****
His mother dies seven months later, choking for breath in the middle of a city summer. The physician who comes to examine her in that last week isn’t unsympathetic, but he is busy; a family doctor with a burgeoning practice and tired eyes who rests a hand on Steve’s shoulder and says, “Son, the best I can tell you is to call in your priest. She’ll be easier after that.”
Dr Hetherington says it's tuberculosis, and so Steve knows there is nothing he can do save ask Bucky to run over to the rectory and fetch Father O’Mahony. The priest gives his mom Extreme Unction, hears the last confession she makes in a rasping voice; afterwards, the olive oil still glistening on her forehead, she makes Steve promise that he’ll write to her brothers and sisters and aunts back in Ireland, all the family h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

