Chapter 1



        Chapter by Rhino (RhinoMouse)




Chapter Text
It was not a good couple of days for Hotch, in fact this was one of the worst days of his career. His technical analyst Garcia had been shot. Turns out she’d been trying to use FBI privilege to keep cold cases active and stumbled on a serial killer. A serial killer who was also a cop. And who was in the FBI offices, standing in Hotch’s bullpen, bullying the IA technical analyst to do something that he thought would protect him. Considering the profile this unsub was going to go down shooting.Hotch grimaced as he saw the worst possible added element to an already horrible situation. If only they’d had a few more minutes to surround him without tipping the unsub off. But no, a civilian had just walked into the bullpen. Officer Colby, serial killer, and unstable human stick of dynamite was starting to get jumpy and a civilian was walking past him. Colby grabbed the girl, raising his gun as he opened his mouth to speak. “Seriously?” The civilian girl rolled her eyes. Then grabbed Colby’s arm twisting it sharply so the gun aimed at the ceiling. “Well, less boring.” She shrugged like a murderer wasn’t behind her trying to use her as a hostage. She moved then, it was fast. So fast Hotch could barely track it. Colby went flying over her head, the girl twisted and then it was over. Colby’s gun was in her hand and pressed to the back Colby’s head. The girl had a knee shoved into Colby’s back, his gun arm twisted back behind him, and looked completely unruffled. She looked up at them. “He’s a bad guy right? Or is this some sort of hazing thing?” “FUC--Ow-ow-ow-ow.” Colby yelped. She sighed dispassionately as if she hadn’t just applied a lot of pressure to his wrist when he’d tried to swear. “So, does someone have handcuffs?” “Oh thank god.” The techy fluttered backward. Rossi stepped forward, pulling out his handcuffs. “That was quite the takedown.” The girl clipped the cuffs on while shoving the gun into the back of her pants. It was all practiced motions before she hopped up, Colby handcuffed and laying on the ground. Hotch eyed the new threat as Rossi packed off Colby. He stepped forward offering his hand. “Thank you, you just saved a lot of lives.” “Not my best work.” The girl had a strong grip as she shook his hand. “My name’s Daisy Coulson by the way, and I’m pretty sure I’m your new team member.” “You have a civilian guest pass.” Hotch was tense as he re-evaluated Daisy. She looked civilian at first glance, but then at second glance? The graze scar across her right cheek said combat, outfit of jeans, green turtleneck sweater, and black leather jacket were all sized so that despite being civilian gear they wouldn’t limit her movement at all. But her eyes? Her eyes said soldier. She smiled with a lazy ease. “Well I don’t have a fancy FBI badge, but I do have one of these.” Daisy pulled at a chain that had been hiding under her sweater, and then brandished a CIA shield. “Sorry about how shiny it is, kinda blew up my last one.” “I haven’t been notified of any changes to my team.” Aaron’s mouth tightened. One of his agents had just been shot, and now someone was muscling in on his team? No.Daisy snickered. “Agent dude, I am the notification. Your uh...section chief should be coming down to brief you anytime now. Really I’m just here cause I got bored of waiting. But if you get killer cops in your offices I gotta say this assignment might not be as awful as I was thinking.” “Excuse me?” He was going to send this spook back to wherever she came from so fast. “Thank you for your assistance today Agent Coulson, but there’s been a mistake. You’re not being assigned to my team.” “Agent Hotchner.” Straus’s voice cut through the general chaos of bullpen post killer cop arrest. His teeth clenched. But he still turned to face her. “Can I help you ma’am?” “Yes, your office.” Her cold gaze moved to Agent Coulson. “You sit.” Agent Coulson popped a gum bubble while dropping into Morgan’s chair and spinning. “Got it boss lady.” Hotch’s jaw tightened, but he followed Straus into his office. As soon as the door clicked shut he turned on his heel. “Garcia was just shot. I don’t know what you’re trying to do but I won’t stand for it. We had an understanding.” “It’s not my decision.” Straus looked out the window, unease in her tight shoulders. He paused, frowning at the tells he was seeing. Straus was nervous. “What’s going on here?” “I got a call from the Assistant Director this morning. This decision is out of my hands, it's from way up the food chain Aaron.” Straus moved away from the window. “Agent Coulson’s file is so classified I don’t even have access to much more than you do. But I was told I had to find a team for her, and you’re it.” He narrowed his eyes. “Why us?” “Because she’s a specialist, which is a fancy way of saying assassin for our government. Wet work, torture, the things we don’t officially know about.” Straus’s fingers flicked with distaste. “What 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jennifer "JJ" Jareau/Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
Humor
The BAU is not ready for aliens
Night Night Guns Change How Unsubs Get Taken Down
BAMF Skye | Daisy Johnson
Protective Skye | Daisy Johnson
Morgan and Emily are Protectors of the Team
Paintball as Therapy
Therapy
Fluff and Angst
Standard BAU Levels of Violence
SHIELD is Insane
Once a Spy Always a Spy
Daisy is OP as Hell
Hotch Does Not Deserve This
Time Travel
Pre-Battle of New York

fandom: 
Jennifer "JJ" Jareau/Skye | Daisy Johnson

