Work Text:
So it turns out that everything Peter thought about Xavier is wrong.
First of all he’s not a hobo anymore. He greets Peter that first morning at the breakfast table wearing slacks and a baggy cardigan with his hair short and combed. He’s bathed. He’s clean shaven. He’s sober. And he doesn’t look surprised to see Peter in the slightest.
“Good morning, Mr. Maximoff. Have a seat. How do you like your eggs?
Mr. Maximoff?! Who the fuck is this guy?
“Is this the right house?” Peter blurts out, which is such a stupid question because Hank looks exactly as dorky as Peter remembers, standing by the stove wearing an honest to God apron and fiddling with the radio. But now the guy at the table looks like Xavier’s prissy younger brother instead of his babysitter.
Xavier smiles at him. “I assure, Mr. Maximoff, that I am one of a kind. Now have a seat.”
Peter throws himself in the chair opposite of Xavier. The man takes a long sip out of his mug before speaking again.
“Hank says you are on the run from federal agents.” The man quirks up an eyebrow and Peter is briefly but powerfully reminded of Lehnsherr.
“Yeah. They busted me for helping you guys with the Pentagon thing.”
Xavier gives him a guilty grimace. “Ah, yes. That. I am sorry about that. I have to admit, I wasn’t quite in my right mind at the time.”
Peter shrugs. He guessed within five minutes of meeting Xavier that the man wasn’t entirely sober and it’s not like someone put a gun (or a claw) to Peter’s head. It just would have been nice to know he was busting out an assassin. Common fucking courtesy, you know.
“You’re more than welcome to stay as long as you like, though I’m surprised you came straight here,” Xavier continues.
“It wasn’t my idea,” mutters Peter.
Xavier’s eyebrows furrowed. “Then who –“
“Charles,” Hank says sharply. “Listen.”
He turns the radio up and the stern voice of Cronkite invades the kitchen.
“ – seventeen dead at the Pentagon, shot with what Ballistics suspect as their own bullets. However, investigators are ruling this as a homicide, possibly perpetrated by Erik Lenhsherr, the mutant who calls himself Magneto.”
You wouldn’t think someone who looks as white as a reanimated corpse could get any paler but Xavier manages it with flying colors. It makes his lips look even redder, like he’s been sucking on a vacuum. (Does Xavier wear make-up? Seriously, the girls at Peter’s school would be so jealous of that color.)
It gets worse, of course.
"The young mutant Peter Maximoff, identified as the prime suspect in the jail break of Lehnsherr, is missing from federal custody and remains at large.”
Peter fiddles with the zipper on his jacket, feeling strangely guilty even though he’s got nothing to feel guilty about. He’s just a minor; they’re the responsible adults here.  He steals a sausage link off of Xavier’s plate so he’s not so innocent. Innocent’s not a good look for him.
“Erik busted him out of the Pentagon?” Hank says. “Why would he do that – unless he wanted to recruit him?”
“If Erik wanted to recruit Peter then why is the boy here?” Xavier says.
“Why indeed?”
Hank looks at Peter like Peter’s a communist spy. Peter glares right back. He hates it when adults talk about him like he’s not sitting right fucking here.
“Look, I didn’t ask him bust me out,” snaps Peter. “He just showed up, okay?”
Hank opens his mouth to protest something until the growl of a V6 motor cuts him off.
Peter doesn’t just move fast --his brain processes stuff fast. It’s why the world always feels so goddamn slow to him. So Hank probably didn’t hear the sharp intake of breath or see scrape of teeth against his bottom lip before Charles’ mask of frigid courtesy slips into place. But Peter sure as hell did.
A car door slams shut a few seconds before the front door flies open and heavy footsteps echo in the foyer.
Lehnsherr just shows up in the doorway of the kitchen, dressed in an inky black suit, hair slicked back, going from Mobster Boss to Wall Street Fat Cat. (He’s a serial killer on the run – where the fuck does he get all these suits?) The smell of his cologne taints the air. Dear Jesus. The nineteen fifties called and they wanted their fucking pomade back.
“Hello, Erik. You’re dressed quite well for being America’s Most Wanted,” Charles says mildly, providing Peter further proof that his opinions on style are not to be trusted. (Peter also doesn’t miss Xavier’s hard swallow at the sight of that suit, but, God, he wishes he did).
Lehnsherr smirks. “You’re looking well, Charles, for someone coming off a five year bender. I see you’ve cut your hair.”
Xavier runs an absent hand through his hair, like he’s preening, before stopping abruptly and wrapping his fingers around his tea mug. “Thank you,” he says primly. His eyes slide over to Peter. “Did you forget something?”
For a split second Peter freaks out and thinks that maybe Lenhsherr regrets his decision to let Peter go and showed up to kidnap him. Both Hank and Charles look so fucking dweeby, Peter probably
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff & Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
more awkward bonding!
midnight vists
Erik is trying you guys
He's trying really hard
background Charles/Erik
Operation Gay Parent Trap
lots of lying
Peter is so done
tragic backstory time!
very reluctant home schooling
Insomnia
awkward midnight conversations with a side of gratuitous ice cream consumption
dadneto

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff & Charles Xavier

