Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony looked down at his son and smiled. Despite everything, he was proud of the boy. He was glaring, standing strong, but he didn't know yet to hide his hands so that no one could see them shake. Of course, they were cuffed together anyway, so there wasn't a lot he could do to hide them."Peter." He gripped the boys chin. "Whatever sent you running off to the police, sweetheart?"Peter grit his teeth. "Like you don't know! I saw you. You killed somebody. You're a murderer."Tony couldn't help the wicked smile that spread across his face. "Oh, sweetheart. You have no idea how many people I've killed."He watched Peter's face steadily pale. He stroked Peter's jaw with his thumb. "It's a good thing Officer Barnes is one of mine. Poor thing. He says you ran straight to him, begging for help. You could have picked anyone else at the station. All you did was give good old Bucky an opportunity to convince everyone that your word can't be trusted. If you ever go to the police again, they'll turn you over to me with a pitying frown. Because my poor sweet son has been plagued with nightmares since his mother's death.""Fuck you," Peter growled. His eyes shined with tears. His voice was high with fear, sugar sweet. Tony leaned forward, entranced, until he could taste that sweet mouth. Fuck it was soft. He held Peter's chin tight and pressed his tongue past his slack lips. His mouth was velvet. His cock ached.He pulled away, watching Peter shake."D-dad?" he stuttered.Tony licked his lips. "You have to be punished for your betrayal, Pete. I can't have you running around telling stories about me."He hauled Peter along by his cuffed wrists, through the house and into his bedroom. Bucky followed. He shoved him back on the bed."Buck, hold him for me."The officer smirked and grabbed the boy. Peter screamed and tried to get away, but Bucky so much bigger than him. Tony found a pair of scissors and cut off his clothes. Poor Peter screamed and cried. Tony loved the sound of it. He son was so beautiful with tears on his face, eyes red, shrieking in fear and anger. At least he understood now what betrayal felt like.Tony went his bedside drawer for a bottle of lube. He didn't waste time getting down to business."Hold him down, Buck," he said."You got it, Boss," the man smirked. He pinned Peter on his back, his arms trapped under Bucky's legs. His hands grabbed each of Peter's ankles and pulled them back, folding him in half."Please stop! Let me go!" Peter screamed.Tony poured lube into his hand and smeared it over Peter's hole. He pushed some of it inside, groaning when he felt how hot and tight his son was."I'm gonna split this little virgin hole open aren't I? And it's gonna fucking hurt, too."Peter sobbed, struggling and unable to get away. Tony took his cock in hand and pressed the head against his hole. It was so tiny, but it opened for him as he pressed inside. Peter was screaming before the head was even in. Tony covered his mouth with his hand and pinched shut his nose."Calm down."He pushed in deeper, slow and steady, enjoying the tight squeeze of his boy's insides. He cried, sobbing when Tony bottomed out and only tried to press deeper. Finally he let go of his nose."Don't say a fucking word. I mean it," he snarled. Peter nodded his head, body trembling. Tony gripped his hips instead. He didn't go easy on him. He fucked him fast and deep, making the boy scream into periods of opened mouth incoherence. It felt so damn good and he looked so sweet and helpless being held down like that.His little cock was growing hard against his tight little tummy. When Tony nailed his prostate, it dribbled out little droplets of precum. Not to mention how sweetly he whined."Fuck. You're a little slut aren't you, kiddo?""No," he whined. "Please stop."Tony bent low, getting in his face. He looked at the drool on his lip and his wet eyelashes. "Then how come your little cock is so hard, huh? How come your sweet little cunt is milking my cock? You're just squeezing me, baby boy."Peter turned his face away. Tony caught his chin and turned it back. Peter glared. Tony kissed him. He whined, soft and compliant. He moaned when he felt his daddy's tongue in his mouth. Tony could feel his legs shaking. Then Peter gasped and cried out against his mouth.Tony and Bucky both laughed."Did you come from daddy kissing you? What a sweetheart. It's too bad I can't trust you. I would have rewarded you so sweetly for being a good boy. Just for keeping your mouth shut.""I'm sorry," Peter whined."It's took late now, son. You have to learn."He cried while Tony fucked him, hole sensitive from cumming. Bucky had to hold him tightly with how he squirmed."Buck? Why don't give him something to quiet him down?" Tony suggested.Bucky smirked. Tony paused in his fucking to grabbing Peter's legs while Bucky unzipped his pants. He shoved them down to his ankles and Peter didn't move even when his arms were temporarily free. Tony smirked. The boy was so 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
noncon
Incest
Mafia AU
Mentions of Violence
Bondage
Mind Break
Rough Sex
Crying
Sadism
Prostate Milking
Orgasm Denial
Verbal Humiliation
Dehumanization
Gangbang
Cock & Ball Torture
Watersports
Piss Play

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark

