Work Text:
He could feel his smile sliding into a horrified grimace and quickly tried to hide it by taking another drink of his beer. At this rate, he was going to be wasted before the starter even arrived. Across the table from him, a man who had described himself as a ‘compact but cute’ nerd who worked in ‘an exciting field’ of information gathering, with a ‘sexy eastern European accent’ was failing to deliver on any of those points. Bucky hadn’t exactly had high expectations from the date – but he’d at least expected Armin to have told the truth on something. Admittedly, he did have an eastern European accent. Bucky had to give him that.“I think you are a remarkable specimen.” He said, leering at Bucky as he played with the napkin he’d delicately folded over his lap. Bucky was starting to worry that he’d done that because he had his dick out under it. “I would very much like to see more of you,” He smiled. “Later.”It was the fifth time he’d said ‘later’ in that tone, the one that had Bucky’s smile slipping off his face and into a painful grimace, in the past 15 minutes. God, the waiter hadn’t even been back to ask if they were ready to order yet, and Bucky was already considering the old ‘out of the bathroom window’ trick. It was better than ‘the steak knife to the throat’ which might still be an option if Armin didn’t stop trying to play footsie with him.He should have known that online dating was a bad idea – he should have known that after a few emails and no picture that Armin was… well… not what Bucky was looking for. But he’d paid the membership fee and Armin was the first person who’d wanted to get to know him better at all – he figured that his profile picture wasn’t the best, an old grainy shot from a few years back when he was still deployed. Not exactly looking his best – and not exactly looking like he did now. Although he did mention in his profile that he’d lost an arm.Looking back, he should have known that Armin was way more interested in that than he was in Bucky – his eyes kept trailing over the empty space of his sleeve and Bucky was pretty sure he was into it. Like… in to it, in to it. Like what he really wanted to fuck was an amputee, rather than a person.Stabbing himself with a steak knife totally seemed like a good option, as the small man tried once again to run his foot up the inside of Bucky’s calf – causing him to jerk back and hit his knee off the table.“Oh, I like you.” Armin smiled, looking more like a lizard than a person. “Shy little thing, aren’t you?”Bucky grabbed his beer, trying not to look like he was casing out the exits. Surely no-one actually did this shit anymore? Who the fuck tried to play footsie on a first date? Probably the same guy who described himself as ‘compact and cute’ rather than ‘under 5 foot and lizard faced’ which was cruel but at least it was fucking accurate.“I’m not shy.” He managed, throat scratchy. “I’m just not sure-”“Are you ready to order?” The waiter said, a red-headed woman in a neat black pant suit and crisp white shirt appearing like an apparition. Bucky franticly tried to send her telepathic messages that the date was bombing, he needed an extraction.“I’ll have the oysters,” Armin smiled, “With the asparagus. We’re going to have some fun later.”Bucky was sure he whimpered, pretty sure he winced – knew for a fact he looked panicked. “Um, I’ll have the garlic and onion pate.” He said. Hoping that she picked up on the ‘oh god, please help’ vibes he was throwing out.“Of course.” She said, smiling professionally. “Would you like another drink?”“Another beer.” Bucky said, instantly, desperately.“I’ll be right back with that, sir.” She smiled. “One beer, table for Barnes.”“Yes, ma’am.” He said, slumping back into his seat. He wasn’t going to be rescued by her – he wasn’t going to be rescued by anyone – he was actually going to have to resort to stabbing himself with the blunt butter knife by the bread rolls.When she walked away, but not heading towards the bar for the beer Bucky seriously needed, Armin smiled at him in a way that Bucky thought might have meant to be sexy, but mostly made him look like a baby with gas, and purred: “In France, garlic is said to increase ones virility.” When Bucky was completely unable to repress the shudder than ran through his body at that, the smaller man winked. “I see you are already excited for our little… sexual experiments.”Bucky had never wanted to walk out on a date in the whole of his life. He thought it was the height of bad manners and was un-necessarily hurtful to the other person – but if this was what the rest of the night was going to be like, he was better to cut his losses and just go.“Barnes?” Someone said, a deep masculine voice with a hint of authority – the kind of voice Bucky had been trained for years to snap to attention at – said, cutting over his internal panic over leaving. His head snapped up and he found himself looking at what could probably only be described as ‘200lbs of pure Amer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Meet-Cute
Bad dates
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
amputee bucky

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

