Chapter 1: The one where Deadpool is there
    


Summary:

“All right y'all motherfuckers, someone better tell me how to get into Mr Head-Honcho’s office.” Fuck. It was Wade, with a semiautomatic pointed at the ceiling. Peter couldn’t let him hurt anyone and, because no one was speaking up, Wade might just shoot someone. Wade shows up on Peters class field trip, someone has to deal with him, and we all know it's going to be Peter.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter liked screeching. Not in like an ‘I-appreciate-interrupting-people-and-being-annoying’ way but more of an ‘I-am-having-a-very-difficult-time-right-now-and-need-to-screech.’Peter was always having a difficult time and, almost always, needed some therapeutic screeching. Wade, on the other hand, was the human embodiment of ‘Do I need to give a fuck right now?’ The answer was usually yes, but did Wade care? The answer is no.It was a lovely day, only 10 am on a Wednesday and Peter was already ready to screech. The Academic Decathlon team was going on a field trip. Peter couldn't help but let out a quiet, “Eeeeee.” Very quiet, very discreet. Only MJ noticed, but MJ noticed everything so Peter considered that a massive win. Usually, Peter loved field trips, it was a very wonderful way to learn absolutely nothing. This field trip was going to be hell though, now it would be monumentally worse if the trip was to Stark Industries, but it wasn't, so Peter wasn't going to worry. The field trip was to a newer company, Harmony Industries, which was working on Green Energy. Nothing about this seems terrible, you may think. Yet Peter was still mentally screeching. Wade. It all came down to Wade. The mercenary had a job that week, the job was at Harmony Industries. According to Wade’s employer, the company’s head was using the company to manufacture weapons. It was kind of like a reverse Stark Industries. Anyway, Wade had asked Peter to help him sneak in, but Peter said he had school. If he bumped into Wade the man would think he was coming to help. Peter was gonna screech. Loudly screech. It was going to be a very impressive screech. Peter took the permission slip and shoved it in his backpack, praying it rips in half so May couldn't sign it. It didn't rip. May did sign it. Peter screeched. A lot.He fell out of his bed Thursday morning, that was the indicator that the rest of the day was gonna be awful. Peter could feel the terribleness of the whole day in his bones, or that might be because he swung into a wall last night. He decided he liked the terrible day explanation more than the actual explanation. He made it to school on time, which would be nice, if it was a regular day. This time he had to get on the bus, which he had plenty of time to do because of his perfect timing. He sat down next to Ned. Neither MJ nor Ned knew Wade and Peter didn't want them to know Wade, that would be a little too much. MJ got on the bus and shortly after she arrived at the bus left. Flash had followed the kindergartener’s rules of, ‘Big kids sit in the back’. Peter didn't think he realized exactly how uncomfortable the back is. Also, it seems, Flash did not realize that the only reason the older kids sit on the back is to keep away from the younger kids. Some of them are very loud.It wasn't a long bus ride, maybe 20-25 minutes, Peter used this time to attempt not hyperventilating. It almost worked but then Ned asked about patrol last night and Peter couldn't help attempting a nice big gulp of air. The bus came to a stop in front of the big glass building, Peter could practically see Wade jumping out of one of those windows, glass spraying everywhere. Luckily that was all in Peter’s head and there was no Deadpool insight. The class headed into the building and got their visitors passes. They were lanyards which hung around their necks, like very tacky necklaces. Flash was showing his lanyard off to his cronies forgetting that they had the same thing on their necks. Peter couldn't help but compare this company with Stark Industries. This place had some pretty crappy security, he could see some employees speaking with the secretaries about needing a new lanyard. Stark employees had individual badges and if you lost it you were screwed, Happy wouldn't let you in unless FRIDAY recognized your biometrics. The woman doing their tour seemed very apathetic like she didn't give a crap about her job. Her name tag said her name was L. Matthews, she told us to call her Ms Matthews. All Peter could think was, Matthew Michael Murdock. It was quite amusing to compare this uninterested and uncaring woman to the man who likes to remove raccoons from dumpsters so they don't get squished when the compactors come around. Now don't get him wrong, Peter was still freaking out about possibly seeing Wade. But it was much more amusing to not think about it and to just compare things to whatever pops into his head. He had forgotten his ADD med
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Ned Leeds/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Guns
Shooting Guns
Protective Wade Wilson
Typical Deadpool Violence
Deadpool being Deadpool
What Was I Thinking?
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker has ADHD
Human Disaster Matt Murdock
BAMF Michelle Jones
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Dissociation
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Dear Evan Hansen References
Star Wars References
Camping
Autistic Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
spontaneous abs
Burns
Hurt Peter Parker
Flash Thompson Redemption

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Ned Leeds/Peter Parker

