Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text



Bucky Barnes is having a very bad day. He is already late to his new job and he’s barely been up for two hours. Of course the reason he is late is because he’s only been up for two hours. He didn’t charge his cell phone so it had died overnight and like every other millennial his only alarm clock - and his entire life - is on a piece of technology. So when he woke up to the jarring sound of a police siren going past his apartment block, it had taken him a few seconds to work out that the sun was higher up in the sky than it should be. A panicked look at his watch, a distressed yelp and he had raced to the bathroom.
Now he’s at reception at Stark Tower, picking up his badge which…
“That’s not me.”
He looks down at the badge, looking at the picture of the blond haired man on the front of it. The blond haired man who looks nothing like him and who he doesn’t recognise.
“Oh- But… You’re James Buchanan Barnes, right?”
Bucky yanks his cell out of his pocket. “Yeah. But I sent you this photo- Fuck, my phone’s dead so I can’t- I mean, you can clearly see I don’t look like him and I’m late, I’m so late and it’s my first day-”
The receptionist looks conflicted, able to sense the distress on him as she looks up from her seat behind the gleaming reception desk. Bucky has applied his scent blockers today but he knows he’s done a patchy job, in as much of a rush as he was. He’d realised it as soon as people looked at him with disapproval on the subway and it makes his cheeks burn now. He is such a fucking idiot.
“Look, leave it with me and come back down at lunchtime. This happens sometimes, there’s always new badges being made in this place. I’ve seen your ID so you can have a visitors badge for today although,” she pauses and clicks on the screen, frowning. “You’re in R&D, right? The badge won’t get you everywhere you need to go but it will get you onto the main lab floor on thirty two and there’s bound to be somebody who can accompany you to where you need to get to.”
Bucky nods and takes the badge, thanks tumbling off his lips as he steps back and turns to find the right elevator. Like the receptionist said, there has to be somebody around to help him, right?
Scanning his badge and tapping the floor number on the digital screen, he walks over to the allocated elevator and waits for the doors to open. Once in it, he’s just starting to run his fingers through his hair and try to actually process his internal meltdown - seeing as he has the car to himself - when somebody slips through the closing doors and he straightens up. He is all too aware that he’s probably made the small space reek and he opens his mouth to apologise when the stranger speaks first.
“Are you okay?”
Bucky stares. He doesn’t mean to stare but that is Steve Rogers standing in front of him. And while Bucky has dreamed of meeting the man plenty of times - and those dreams have been X-rated on more than one occasion because Bucky is only fucking human thank you - and had even expected to maybe run into him now he is working for Tony Stark, he’s never expected it to be in an elevator on his first day of work. Especially not whilst he smells sad, is wearing a shirt with a stain on it thanks to an overzealous commuter spilling coffee on him this morning, and his hair isn’t fully dry yet. 
Could this day get any worse? 
Of course it can if he keeps staring and not answering.
“Um. Yeah- Just, rough morning,” Bucky says, wishing his voice sounded a lot less shaky than it does. He can smell Steve’s scent - something close to sandalwood, the smell of rain or sea? - but it’s faint and Bucky suspects that it’s probably residual scent on his clothing seeing as there’s no way that Steve doesn’t smell stronger. He has to be wearing blockers. “It’s my first day, I’m late because my alarm never went off and my badge wasn’t right.”
“Oh.” Steve looks at him nonplussed and Bucky flushes again at the scrutiny, hoping his face isn’t blushing as hotly as it feels. “That sounds pretty bad. Which floor are you going to?”
“Thirty two. I start in R&D today.” Steve’s wince is minute but Bucky catches it anyway and sighs. He wants to just sink into the floor. “You know him… How sympathetic do you think Tony Stark is going to be?”
Steve pauses for a few seconds, just long enough for Bucky to panic that he’s said something inappropriate, before he takes his leather jacket off, holding it out to Bucky. “Put this on.” 
“What?”
“I’ll say I bumped into you and got coffee over you.” He gestures to the stain on the light grey henley Bucky is wearing, woefully inadequate for the weather outside which is best described as wet and icy. “I insisted I went and got you another and then there was the mix-up with the badge that we’ll tell him took longer than it actually did.”
Bucky finds himself pulling the brown leather jacket over his shoulders almost on autopilot, forcibly stopping himself from turning his head to sniff at the collar which has obv
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Shrunkyclunks
Slow Burn
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Captain America Steve Rogers
Engineer Bucky Barnes
Mutual Pining
Fluff
Angst
Humor
Happy Ending
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Getting Together
First Kiss
Bucky Barnes Feels
Sibling Banter
Rebecca Barnes Is a Good Bro
sugar Daddy vibes
Human Disaster Bucky Barnes
Suit Fittings Turn Sexy
Bucky's Internal Monologuing
Idiots in Love
Past Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Past Bucky Barnes/Brock Rumlow
Hugs
Protective Steve Rogers
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Family Shenanigans
Kissing
Sleepovers
Cliffhangers
Injury
Hurt/Comfort
Scenting
There Was Only One Bed
Christmas Presents
Christmas Fluff
Accidental Stimulation
Wet Dream
Accidental Orgasm
Snowball Fight
Mistletoe
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Anal Sex
Slick squirting
Possessive Steve Rogers
Multiple Orgasms
Dirty Talk
Rimming
Blood and Injury
Love Confessions
Birthday Party
Bonding
Complete

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

