Work Text:
By the time the Avengers are a thing – a fully functioning (for the most part) team of the world’s best, rather than a suggestion hidden in a folder marked ‘top secret’ – Tony has it mostly under control. He hasn't had a panic attack in public in what feels like eternity, but is actually closer to a year; the time in that beachside restaurant with Rhodey seems light years away, a distant memory that's fine as long as he keeps it that. To him, that’s under control, even though Pepper would fight tooth and nail to prove him wrong. So it’s not all that surprising that for the first six months, no one knows this is a thing he has to deal with. Tony mostly keeps the anxiety away on his own terms; things like deep breathing exercises that he would not tell you he practiced if ever you asked, or keeping the obvious triggers at arm’s length, close enough so that he’s aware of their presence, but far enough away that they can’t hurt him.He stays away from water, mostly, spends summer afternoons by the pool, but not in it. No one gives him any weird glances, no one spares him any second thoughts. It's one of the things he likes about the team – no matter how annoying their quirks are (Clint’s habit of perching on balcony railings and inducing cardiac arrest in passers-by included), they mostly let him do his thing. Mostly. Until ‘his thing’ turns into an obvious lack of self-preservation instinct, which is usually when Steve has to intervene. The point is, Tony keeps his anxieties at bay. He doesn’t swim, he keeps his bathroom door dead-bolted when he’s in the shower, and he definitely tries not to fall into any wormholes carrying nukes. That one’s a biggie.New York was a thing to be feared, for a while, too, but Tony is better about it now, trains himself to look up at the skyscrapers and down at the people without seeing rubble and glass and blood. Avengers Tower is still the tower, albeit a little more crowded and a little less flashy, but it still is there, polished and renovated and gleaming in the sunlight. Sometimes, though, despite it all, he’ll look up at the sky at a certain angle, and he’ll feel it, in the center of his chest, right under the arc reactor. It’s a dull ache that he recognizes immediately, and he’ll have to look away and keep the stars out of his eyes, take deep breaths to keep from going under.Of course, he’s also got Steve now, which is a nice reprieve from being alone for so long. What he’d had with Pepper had been good. It had been warm and welcoming and some days just like coming home, but it had been wrenched out of his hands so quickly that he didn’t realize it was happening until he was leaning up against the workshop wall with his bots around him and breathing like his lungs were full of broken glass. That was in the past, though, and now Tony spends a lot of time trying to be better, trying not to put her through the things he always puts her through. They’re bandaged wounds, now, delicate and sore, but they’re healing. Steve is something else. Always has been. They’re more than a little new to this relationship thing when Tony stumbles into the kitchen one morning, ragged and pale and breathing a little harder than one should when they have just woken up. Clint and Natasha are in the communal kitchen making breakfast – Clint likes pancakes, and Tony’s got more counter space than he knows what to do with. Natasha is cutting up apples with a paring knife, her slender fingers working with such speed and precision that Tony can’t help but be a little nervous around her.“Rough night?” She asks in quiet tones when she sees his face. He blinks a little and rubs his eyes.“I’m fine,” he assures her, and he slips between her and Clint to get to the cupboard where the mugs are. He grabs his favorite, a white one that proclaims ‘for science!’ in black, and heads towards The Coffee. This is his morning tradition, and frankly he’s not quite sure why there isn’t a religious festival dedicated to caffeine at this point. Natasha is skeptical, though, and she snatches the coffee pot out of his grasp. Tony fixes her with his most difficult to resist, hurt expression. “I, frankly, am offended,” he starts, and Clint starts laughing because he knows this is going to go only one way, “To not take me at my most honored word, I can understand, because really, who can, but to take from me my caffeine, my livelihood? You’re a despicable human being, Romanov. Despicable.”
Tony says all of this with a straight face that says nothing of the fact that he spent the evening thrashing about in an empty bed, clutching the sheets in fisted hands, waking up with dried tear tracks staining his face. He’s good about those kinds of things. He keeps them to himself.Natasha keeps her grip on the coffee pot and gives him a look. Beside her, Clint finishes flipping pancakes. He spins around and leans against the counter, arms behind him propping him up. “Leave the poor bastard alone,” Clint teases, wiping his hands
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Mentions of PTSD
tony definitely has ptsd
and other various forms of anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
steve makes a terrible mistake
Eventual Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

