Chapter 1: In which Steve asks Darcy for a favor
    


Notes:
Prompt of the chapter from The Fake Redhead.comNumber one: "You say 'potato', I say, 'damn it, put the ray gun down'!"

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis’ guestroom in the heart of the Avengers’ Stark Tower residence looked like a hurricane blazed through it. Her suite didn’t usually have clothes and shoes and toiletries strewn on every available surface and spilling out of the oversized suitcase taking up most of her unmade bed, but the Stark Industries private jet was taking off in two hours to take her home and she hadn’t actually packed yet. When she traveled with Jane to parts unknown, on Earth or otherwise, nine times out of ten, Darcy had to be the one who was packed not only first, but way in advance, especially after the one time Jane was too distracted by last-minute equations and forgot the important things, like her toothbrush. And her pants. That made for a memorable weekend at a conference in Oslo. But when it came to going home for one of her religion’s many major holidays—for the entirety of said holiday, because if there was one thing her mother was good at, it was making her feel guilty—Darcy absolutely, positively did not want to go, and therefore put off packing to the very last minute. She endured four years of holiday trips back to California when she was at Culver, but then she waltzed right into Jane’s life to start off what would have been her final semester of her super senior year, and hadn’t been home since the world opened up to her in New Mexico. Because in the four years that followed, New York happened and she spent way too much time with a Norwegian For Dummies handbook practically glued to her right hand, elves broke London and Ian lost the car keys, Jane found the car keys and was infested by creepy red air, SHIELD turned out to be full of Nazis and Steve had to be fished out of the Potomac by his apparently not-dead bestie, and Tony built accidentally homicidal robots with giant a Pinocchio complex that tried to wipe out all of humanity. So her parents, who sort of had the hang on what she could tell them about her life, sort of understood that she was a little busy trying to keep her best friend and mentor alive. Sort of. But then Jane decided to spend a few weeks in London with her mother for the woman’s fiftieth birthday, and also check in with Erik—specifically to make sure he was still consistently wearing pants while in public, but also because of some developments with that old machine he built while under Loki’s influence. And the Avengers were getting ready to head out to avenge things in China, or avenge China, or maybe it was furthering the Avengers’ diplomatic relationships with China—Darcy had honestly tuned it out in favor of showing Thor all the best places to get Jane a birthday present and avoid last year’s accidental incident with the three goats and the donkey. But all it really amounted to was that it effectively cut Darcy’s long list of excuses to avoid home, well, none. So back to Santa Barbara she had to go. For ten days. As in, ten days, one right after the other after the other with her entire family, who was so completely different from the people she surrounded herself with these days. And not just because her family wasn’t a bunch of superheroes. Darcy sighed, running her hands over her face and into her hair as she glared at the contents of her closet, mentally considering each piece of her carefully cultivated wardrobe of casual chic, which had been working out really well for her the last few years, and dismissing each and every one of them. This was not an auspicious start to her so-called vacation. She continued to frown, waiting for the universe to give her the answers she was desperately seeking when there was a knock on the door. “Please be someone telling me I have to cancel,” she muttered as she stomped into the living room, tripping over a pile of tangled jeans and throw pillows that had somehow migrated to the hallway before she got to the door, nudging a pair of sandals out of the way with her foot before she opened it. Captain America—because Steve was definitely rocking his stealth suit’s blue spangly tights and shoulder holster—was standing in the doorway. “There is an emergency! Yes!” She pumped her fist in the air. “Is Doctor Doom attacking again? Space cows? Ninja zombies from that creepy other dimension Clint accidentally fell into that one time last year? Is the government going after super beings again? New York City sewer alligator revolt?” He blinked, “Um, no, no, no, I wouldn’t be surprised, and I’m pretty sure those aren’t real. Can we come in?” Before Darcy could retort that the New York City alligators were definitely real, she noticed the ‘we’, and then noticed Bucky was standing just over his shoulder, mostly obscured by the shield holstered across Steve’s back—by either magnets or magic o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
A smattering of OCs in the form of Darcy's family
Chanukah Fic
Holiday Trope
Gratuitous uses of social media
Bucky meets Darcy's family and it's all Steve's fault
Steve is a Troll
Darcy goes home
All of the stories are mostly true
I swear
Tropes On Tropes On Tropes
SO MUCH FLUFF
California is really a place you can go to the beach and see snow on the same day
Really this is really fluffy
starts off platonic
but romance will ensue
obviously
We also take a look into Darcy's Netflix queue

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

