Chapter 1



Notes:
Listen, the idea came to me when I saw this gifset on tumblr. Apparently, my muse has a thing for Loki Trailers.




Chapter Text
Loki felt surprisingly okay when he finally could breathe again. His back still hurt from where he’d tried to play meteor but that was only his back.
He felt warm.
There was sand beneath his fingers, sweltering from the sunlight. He pulled the gag away from his mouth, took a deep breath.
Was he on Midgard? Loki looked at the sky, squinted at the sun, and cursed the Tesseract for landing him in a desert. From all things, it—
He could hear something whistling in the air. A white trail was appearing above him, not all too far away before the object fell from the sky with a loud crash. It was extremely close to him. In fact, Loki would dare to assume that it was a Thor’s length away from him.
There went his solitude and peace after his already mischievous day that had gone exactly as he’d envisioned it. Loki sat up, wanting to inspect the fallen object. Mayhap the Norns thought they could play a joke on him — or one of the Avengers had gotten hold of him when he’d disappeared, but the likelihood of that was so minimal, that Loki didn’t waste another thought on that.
A man was sitting opposite of him, metallic pieces were strewn around him as one did with rose petals on a bed if you wanted to have a pleasant evening with someone. Wild, unkempt hair, a beard that looked as if it hadn’t seen a shave in months neither proper care. Loki got a distinct feeling that he knew this man.
A short, pained groan came from the fallen man and—
“Stark?” Loki sat up straighter.
“Huh?” Stark turned around. Blood was dripping down his temples, and he was still trying to get rid of his machine. That could only be a kind of— Iron Man armour. But it looked as if it had seen better days already. Some parts were smoking. Stark himself only sat up with a tremendous effort.
Loki relaxed somewhat. If this was how Stark had come to capture him, then Loki was confident he could escape quickly without taking greater damage.
“Sorry, this is like, the most inopportune moment to ask me for an autograph,” Stark muttered.
An autograph? Loki frowned. “Why would I want an autograph from you, Stark?”
“Oh, you’re from the press then? Called it.” Stark sagged back into the desert. “Just one moment without you guys swarming around me like vultures. Would that be too much to ask?”
Loki was just about to answer when Stark beat him to it.
“Wait! If you’re here, then that means— someone knows where you are, right? I can get out of this fucking desert?” The hope in Stark’s voice made Loki take several steps back in his mind.
If Stark was in the desert, and obviously didn’t recognise him— Maybe this was better than he’d assumed earlier. He got up and walked the few steps to Stark before he bent down low at his hips and stared at the Avenger. “You really don’t recognise me, do you?”
“Let me think.” Stark blinked at him slowly. “Tall, handsome, leather get-up in a desert, lots of leather, sand in your hair? Did we have a photo shoot together at some point for playboy?” He added to that a charming grin.
It looked rather fake to Loki.
“No, Stark. That’s not where we met.”
“A Kinky Club then?”
Loki arched an eyebrow. “Maybe next time I should attempt to conquer your city by pretending to be a manwhore, would you be agreeable to that?”
“Now that is a really kinky roleplay.” Stark sighed. “Look, we can gladly talk about us meeting up and doing the do with all your leather later. But I need to get out of here, and don’t think I didn’t notice that you didn’t answer my question. I noticed that.”
“How observant of you.” Loki snorted but he gave Stark a hand and pulled him up from his metallic misery swiftly. There were still parts clinging to his arms and legs but Loki wouldn’t help Stark out there. He let go of Stark’s hand, but quickly had to reach for the fool again as he lost his footing in the sand. It made Loki snicker.
“That’s three of you in one day,” he remarked casually as Stark was stripping himself down rather clumsily. “Tell me, is that normal for you?”
“Three of me in one day?” Stark’s eyes shot to him. “Seriously, you should be grateful for that.”
Then, he had Stark’s hand on his forehead.
The fact that Stark had to get on his toes to reach him there—
“No, you don’t feel boiled. Three of me in one day? Are you sure of that? I didn’t see you back in the cave—” Stark stopped and his posture became aggressive. “Are you one of them?” He bit out.
The acerbity in his voice took Loki by surprise. That was the voice he’d been counting on earlier as he’d foolishly addressed Stark. Not now, after he’d helped the other up on his feet and hadn’t made any aggressive move yet.
A sharp-looking metallic part was welded into his direction.
Loki touched it gingerly with a finger and gave it a small shove, hoping that Stark would lose his footing again but alas— no such luck. He sighed, rolled his eyes, and then gifted Stark w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) - Alternate 2012 Timeline
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 1
Time Travel
Desert
Bickering
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Chaos
Drunk Driving
Manipulation
Hostage Situations
Consequences
Trust
Falling In Love
Saving the World
Canon Temporary Character Death
Fights
Historical References
Difficult Decisions
Getting Together
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Warning: Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Angst
Time Variance Authority (Marvel)
Canon-Typical Violence
Sexual Content
Developing Relationship
Banter
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Marvel 616 References
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

