Chapter 1



Notes:
This has been in the making for essentially a year but has only been properly worked on again starting November 2019. I plan to release weekly uploads for this. I'm very excited about this fic and I hope you'll enjoy it just as much.Kairos (Ancient Greek: καιρός)Meaning the right, critical, or opportune moment. It also signifies a proper or opportune time for action.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

"Go to this address. Hill needs some help."
Natasha hadn't known what to expect from vague instructions like that but what else was new, really. She was used to it coming from Fury. The man liked being mysterious. He never shared more than he had to which was something Natasha could work with. Still, it was an odd request this time, to say the least. It was true that she hadn't seen Hill in a few weeks. She'd been on a mission herself and the Commander just hadn't been anywhere to be found when Natasha was back on base. It wasn't too out of the ordinary either though. Hill was a busy woman and it wasn't uncommon for her to jump from base to base. She'd be up on the Helicarrier for weeks at a time and then move to the Triskelion for the next month. Not to mention the field office she had, though Natasha had no idea where its exact location was. That was need to know only and Natasha definitely did not need to know.Fury, for one, hadn't seemed concerned at all when he'd given her the order. If anything, Natasha was sure she'd heard a hint of amusement in his voice, and he had just barely held back any more facial expressions that might have given him away. Natasha was intrigued. This was most curious. It also added to her confusion. She had asked, of course, for more information and why it had to be her going. It didn't feel like an emergency in any way. Hill and her weren't exactly close. She wouldn't even go so far as to call them friends.
"Because nobody else has the damn clearance for this."
Which really just meant it was her or Barton, and Hill got tired of Clint's mouthiness fairly quickly. It still made no sense to Natasha though. There was no sense of urgency whatsoever so why ask a Level 8 to go? Especially when that Level 8 was her. Natasha didn't do well with people.Natasha looked up at the building in front of her again. It was a nice-looking apartment complex in D.C., close enough to the Triskelion to get there in a hurry if needed but far away enough that it wouldn't be an immediate housing solution to most agents permanently stationed there. It wasn't fancy, exactly, but it was in a nice neighborhood and looked slightly better maintained than most buildings in the surrounding area. If this was a safe house, it made for some good cover. That, or it needed a deeper cover story than was strictly worth it. Natasha liked to keep things simple herself. The people living here were either the kind to leave their neighbors alone or the type to be friends with the entire building. Natasha had no idea what that was like. She kept her own neighbors far removed from her life. It was just safer that way, for everyone. Then again, she barely spent any time at her own apartment.She sighed and took the chance of the front door opening to go inside. The man paid her no attention and she was glad for it. She wasn't in the mood to talk about why she was here. She didn't even know why she was here. She had a look around the entrance, spotting some stairs to the right and a lift to the left. She settled on the elevator quickly. If she could avoid taking the stairs, she absolutely would. Stairs weren't safe. She stepped inside the lift and pressed the button for the third floor. The way up only took a few moments and she exited as soon as the doors opened. She roamed the hallway in search of the apartment number that had been scribbled down on the piece of paper Fury had handed her. Hill's apartment. Natasha finally found it near the end of the hallway. She stopped in front of the second to last door, waited a few beats to listen to any sounds coming from inside, and then rang the doorbell.Maria frowned when the doorbell rang. Nobody ever rang unless it was the door to the building, and even then most people knew better than to ring at hers. Her neighbors always knocked and nobody except Fury (who also knocked) knew she lived here. She put her laptop down on the coffee table and then got up to look through the peephole in her door. She frowned when she saw Romanoff standing on the other side. She really did not want to open the door but pretending not to be home wouldn't work. Maria sighed and opened but didn't bother to fix her displeased expression at seeing the redhead here.Natasha looked up when the door opened. Hill looked... cozy. She was in sweatpants and a tank top. Considering the relatively warm temperatures, that wasn't too surprising. Natasha didn't try to peek inside but she couldn't help notice some details about the apartment even f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
slowburn
Made Up Science
Kid!Fic

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

