Chapter 1: Rescue and Inheritance
    




Chapter Text
Harry glanced to the door with fear and terror flowing through his blood. He was so scared of what the booming footsteps brought with them that he started shaking pulling at his wounds his body already contained. There was that moment of silence before the door opened and the large looming figure of his uncle stood framed by the door into his little cell of a room down in the basement. After he had returned from school for the summer he had been dragged to the basement and into a secret room they had built over the school year, it was soundproofed and contained the barest essentials to keep the room from stinking. He was locked within chains that connected to runic cuffs around his ankles blocking him from accessing his magic and keeping him weakened. He marked each day on the floor beneath the bare mattress he had been given and knew that today was the day before his 17th birthday. Tonight he would go through his inheritance while locked away by magic draining cuffs. He knew he would not survive the night unless a miracle happened, and that was something he wasn’t expecting because he knew the rest no longer cared for him after defeating Voldemort at the end of the school year when he had attacked the school after being let in by Draco who was protecting his parents by following the orders to the bare minimum. Watching his uncle he wondered why he didn’t enter the room and just stood there before falling over in a wash of red light. It was then that Harry noticed the figures behind his uncle and could hold in the gasp of hope.“Shit! Harry! Cub!” Harry recognized the voices calling out as the three men ran through the door and over to his side.Severus Snape dropped beside his head pulling out his potions pouch from among the many pockets of his robe. Lucius Malfoy dropped near his feet pulling his secondary wand, which was unregistered and not being watched, and started to work on the runes breaking them so they could break the cuffs holding him to the wall. Remus Lupin dropped to his knees running his hand through the matted tangle of hair on Harry’s head soothing the young man as best he could and containing his anger at Vernon who he truly wanted to murder for the state that he had found his cub in.“These were created by Dumbledore and Miss Granger. But locked with the help of the youngest two Weasley’s getting. There is a leach on them so all four are getting a boost while he is being drained. They will expect a large surge tonight before he is drained completely.” Lucius reported as he continued to work on breaking the cuffs. “He is going to have a large surge when they come off.”“I knew they were a part of it. They were here when I was dragged in, as was Molly but she just stood watch and bragged about how they were going to get my money when I died tonight.” Harry whispered leaning into the comfort that Remus was carding his hands through Harry’s hair.“We will deal with them all later, first we have to make sure you survive everything that will be happening tonight.” Severus stated simply as he continued to feed him healing potions and running his wand over Harry cataloging everything so they could continue the healing in a safe spot. “We are down to ten minutes before someone shows up.”“Just get me out of this hell.” Harry whispered. “I don’t care if I survive the night, I just want to make sure that they don’t get anything from me. I already had Dobby take a copy of my real will signed in blood and magic to the goblins, he tried to break the runes but was unable to because Vernon showed up before he made a dent in the array.”“You will survive the night; you know that Sirius would go crazier if you didn’t and become the new Dark Lord.” Remus stated simply not at all joking of the fact of what Harry’s death would do to his Godfather.“Very true, we can’t have that no one would survive.” Harry chuckled wetly as tears form in his eyes at the thought of his godfather and how close he came to losing him two years ago in the Department of Mysteries.It was at the Department that it became known that Snape and Malfoy were both spies and that they were being betrayed by Dumbledore, who would have let Malfoy go to Azkaban for the break-in even though he had told Malfoy to attend so no one would be aware of his spying. Thankfully, Harry had learned the truth at the beginning and was able to stand up for Lord Malfoy saving him and earning Heir Malfoy’s friendship in thanks. Because of the friendship gained from that Harry was able to help Draco stage the events that made Lord Voldie think he was actually trying all through the year to follow the orders he had been given and able to trick everyone keeping his parents safe while they figured out a way to end the bastard.“I almost have it.” Lucius stated as the runes began to spark as he finally finished destroying the array. “There! Get him out of here!” Lucius stated with a shout as they heard the pops of app
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James Potter/Lily Evans Potter/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin
Lucius Malfoy/Severus Snape
Draco Malfoy/Blaise Zabini
Viktor Krum/Harry Potter
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Loki/Harry Potter/Viktor Krum

freeform: 
Harry Potter Has a Different Name
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Harry Potter is Tony Stark's Child
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Phil Coulson
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Molly Weasley Bashing
Ron Weasley Bashing
Hermione Granger Bashing
Ginny Weasley Bashing
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Deaf Clint Barton
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
No Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
No Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
No Horcruxes
Remus Lupin Lives
Severus Snape Lives
Fred Weasley Lives
Sirius Black Lives
Creature Harry Potter
Kitsune Harry Potter
Protective Bucky Barnes
Implied Mpreg
Cute Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker

fandom: 
James Potter/Lily Evans Potter/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin
Lucius Malfoy/Severus Snape
Draco Malfoy/Blaise Zabini
Viktor Krum/Harry Potter
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Loki/Harry Potter/Viktor Krum

