Work Text:


.

ask him anything, he never answers no

All the children were rushing outside to play, jumping and chattering because they'd been made to sit too still for a little too long. It wasn't a very nice day out, but that didn't matter when you were six years old and freedom called.Bucky followed Steve, like he always did. Steve couldn't run real good, not like the other kids, but he did the best make-believe and he was almost never mean. Bucky liked that about him.So Bucky followed Steve, bouncing and jumping and spinning as he went, because that had been a long time to sit and pay attention and he was happy to be moving again. He made a game of jumping on Steve's shadow before he could move away, and Steve laughed at him and started to dodge.They made their way down the block, past Mr. Papadopoulos the greengrocer and Mr. Hall at the drugstore. Past the big newspaper boys they skipped, and the shoeshine boys, and Mr. and Mrs. Klein at the automat on the corner. All of them got a wave from Steve and Bucky, and most of them waved back. Grown-ups liked Steve. Bucky guessed they liked that he was polite, and they felt bad because he was sick so much. Not today, though. Today was a good day.Bucky followed Steve down one block and then another. There were other children out on the sidewalk, and Bucky knew some of them from school or church, but the further they went the fewer familiar faces he saw. Pretty soon they were at the very edge of their patch."Hey Stevie," Bucky called. "Where're we goin'? Your ma'll have your hide for wandering so far."Steve's smile was sweet when he turned to answer. "Not far, Buck. Just — here." And he turned into an alley next to a general store Bucky had never been to before.The alley was a pretty nice one, if Bucky knew alleys. It was a dead end, so there was nobody else in it, and there weren't too many trash cans and they weren't too stinky. Sunlight shone in between the clouds up above, so it wasn't even dark. And there, at the very back of the alley, was a treasure for real: an empty wooden crate, almost big enough for Steve to stand up in, and longer than Bucky was tall."Wow, Steve," Bucky said as he walked around the crate to admire it. "How'd you know it was here?"Steve was puffed up, he looked so proud. He pushed past Bucky to show him how one end had been partly levered off, and could make a door, if you were careful about the nails. It was dry inside, and little stripes of light showed between the wooden slats. "Heard Ma talking to Mrs. O'Brien next door. Said the general store had one of those new cold cabinets for sale. Said they came in a real big box." He patted the side of the box. "Wanna climb in, see what she can do?"Well, sure Bucky wanted to know what would happen next. He held the door open for Steve, and climbed in carefully himself. No tearing school clothes, not if he could help it. Inside, the crate was perfect — just the right size for let's pretend. This was what Steve was best at, and Bucky was always amazed the other boys weren't jostling to play with him. Nobody else dreamed up hovering cars, or boats that flew, or trains that went a hundred miles an hour through snowy mountain peaks. Bucky settled back and waited to find out what it would be today.But once the door closed, it went dark and still inside the crate, and the sounds of the street seemed far away. They just sat for a minute, their breathing noisy in the little space. The quiet reminded Bucky of church, somehow. It was comforting, being there with Steve. Bucky listened real hard and was pleased he couldn't hear any wheezing at all. Steve shuffled around so they were face to face, his expression solemn. "You should marry me, Bucky.""What?" This wasn't the kind of game they usually played. "You should marry me." Steve said again. "Sister Eustace said that marriage is the purest form of love, and I love you more than anybody. Well, besides my ma. So we should get married."He said it like the thinking was obvious, but Bucky wasn't so sure. He'd never heard of a boy that was married to another boy before. He thought that wasn't quite what Sister Eustace had meant. But this was Steve, and Bucky could never tell Steve no, not really. "Sure, Stevie, we'll get married."Steve just nodded, because of course they would. He tilted his face up and closed his eyes, and his mouth pursed like it always did when he was thinking. Sometimes it took a while, but Bucky waited, because Steve was always worth waiting for. Soon enough, Steve's eyes went wide and his face broke into the brightest smile — his whole tiny body got bigger with it somehow. He took a deep breath, said "Okay, it's like this..." and just like that they were off on another adventure.

..


can't you hear that pitter pat


Two on, one out.Steve hoisted the bat and squinted at the vacant lot that masqueraded as their field. The bat felt heavy in his arms, but that wasn't new. The pitcher on the mound was jeering at him, and the outfield
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Marriage Proposal
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Baseball
Romance

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

