Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The asset isn’t alarmed when he realizes he’s been separated from his support team. The tunnels they’re clearing are a convoluted and complex network that sprawls beneath a large European city. It’s easy to get split up and the asset isn’t concerned about finding his way out. He continues on alone, rifle raised and eyes straining to see in the darkness. The flashlight mounted on his rifle offers only a narrow beam of light to see by. His name is Bucky, although no one has addressed him as such for more than sixty years. Concepts like names and dates mean nothing to Bucky now. He’s only interested in details that will help him complete the current mission. The tunnels are dank and dripping, floors and walls slowly eroding from the constant exposure to the musty water. Bucky’s heavy steel-toed combat boots make no sound as he steps through shallow puddles. Despite his muscular build and brute strength, he moves with silent fluidity. Bucky stops short when he hears a wet, slithering noise further down the tunnel. He points his rifle in different directions, hoping to illuminate the source and take aim at the same time. Something drips on Bucky’s head and runs down his face. At first he thinks it’s just water from a leaking pipe, but it’s too thick and viscous to be water. It’s slowly running into his eye but he can’t be distracted. He spots movement in his peripheral vision and fires at it several times. The gunfire is deafening in the enclosed space. Before the smoke clears, Bucky’s legs are pulled out from under him and his rifle is knocked from his hand. He doesn’t drop it. He would never drop his firearm. It was pulled from his grasp.        Bucky’s brain barely registers the pain from his tailbone making contact with the hard ground, or the smell of gunpowder and stale water combining in his nostrils. He is, however, focused on the fact that something is wrapped around his legs and trying to drag him further down the tunnel. Something alive. With a growl, he rolls to his front and attempts to anchor himself to the floor with his metal hand and maybe even pull himself free. But the floor is slimy and his metal fingers can find no purchase. They scrape on the stone as he struggles, twisting onto his back again. Thick, heavy tendrils are snaking up his legs, gripping his thighs tight as he’s drug along the ground. Bucky pulls out the knife that’s strapped to his side and that too is wrenched from his grasp. The smooth, wet appendage comes in contact with his skin and begins winding up his arm. The most frustrating part is that he cannot clearly see his target. The flashlight on his discarded rifle is still shining, but doesn’t illuminate the tunnel well enough to reveal what’s attacking him. He hears a faint chittering, clicking noise as more otherwordly limbs begin to make contact with his body. Bucky fights against the tendrils but finds himself increasingly immobilized. The chattering noise grows louder and Bucky hears more movement further down the tunnel. Whatever has him ensnared is coming to see its prize. However, Bucky is more concerned about the movement of what he now believes to be a great number of tentacles. They’re wrapped around his arms and legs, slithering beneath his neck and back. A large one squirms up between his legs and Bucky lets out a fearful yelp. The tentacles are heavy and warm and Bucky can feel the incredible amount of muscle working beneath the slimy flesh. Whatever this is could easily kill him, but it seems to be exploring at the moment.  He’s no longer getting dragged down the tunnel, but being stationary is almost worse. Bucky thrashes as a smaller tentacle begins to creep across his face. It’s wet with the same slick, snotty fluid that dripped on his face earlier. The tip of the tentacle is dextrous, gently feeling along the edge of Bucky’s mouth. Bucky thinks to bite it, but doesn’t want to open his mouth for fear of it slipping inside him. Instead, the tentacle slides upward and feels his nose for a moment before retracting completely, sliming Bucky’s face in the process. Despite all this, Bucky is more inconvenienced than scared. This was not part of the mission briefing and he is therefore unprepared. He wonders if his support team will find him or if he’ll have to get out of this himself. Bucky starts to shift and twist his metal arm against the grip the creature has on it, but it’s no use. His arm whines in complaint when he tries to pull himself free. The tentacles now seem to have an interest in his clothes. The clever little tendrils are pulling at his tactical belt and the fabric of his fatigues, wriggling under the hem of his jacket and the waistband of his underwear. Bucky snarls in disgust and indignation. “Stop,” he orders. “Let me go!” The sound of his voice echoing off the walls of the tunnel must startle the creature because all the tentacles jump in unison before continuing their work. They suddenly become violent, breaking the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tentacle Sex
Bestiality
Impregnation
Body Horror
Medical Kink
Medical Procedures
Medical Examination
HYDRA Trash Party
Dubious Consent
Belly Kink
Pregnancy Kink
Forced Pregnancy
Tentacle Rape
Tentacle Monsters
Past Abuse
Angst
Hurt No Comfort
Poor Bucky

fandom: 
None
