Chapter 1: draw me like one of your american boys
    




Chapter Text
"Can you hear anything?"
Tony humphs, pressing his ear closely against the door of Steve's apartment. He shakes his head. "Shut it, Hawkguy," Tony whispers, "I need absolute silence."
"Excuse me, sir," JARVIS calls from above, startling Tony away with a muffled squawk while Clint damn near jumps back into the air vent above. "The entire tower was sound-proofed, remember? Ms. Potts had that done after your affair with the arc compressor in the lab and proceeded to — how did she put it? — blow everything up."
Grimacing, Tony rolls his eyes, waving his hands at Steve's apartment. "JARVIS, the man lives in my home, my inner sanctum sanctorum or whatever the hell Doctor Strange calls our digs. Mi casa es no su casa, JARVIS. I demand to know what's going on in there," he whines. 
Nestled now in the air vent, Clint pops his head down — nearly losing his sunglasses as he goes — and nods. "Yeah, JARVIS, we got a right to be worried about what or who the Captain is plundering, am I right," he jokes, biting his lip as if to keep from laughing too loudly. Tony points towards him. 
"See," he tells his AI, "Clint's on my side."
JARVIS almost sounds tired when he responds. "Sir, I'm not authorized to —"
"Yes, you are. You totally are now, buddy," Tony corrects him. "I created you, and I now give you permission to tell me if Steve Rogers is getting laid."
"Actually, according to the lease agreement —"
"Lease agreement," Tony asks, eyebrows raising so quickly they nearly disappear into his hairline. "What is this?"
"Uh, were we supposed to sign one of those because I totally didn't know abou—"
A noise from beyond the door silences them, and when Tony looks down, he sees the handle to Steve's door jiggle. He freezes and looks around, nearly tripping on the hem of his greased-splattered sweatpants as he looks for an escape route. Everything is too far away — shit, shit, shit — so Tony holds up his arms like a toddler wanting to be carried and screws his eyes shut. 
"Legolas," he hisses, "Return a favor! I need a lift!"
Just as Steve's door starts to open, Clint hangs from the air vent, grabbing Tony's outstretched hands before wrangling him into the now-cramped shaft. He's wheezing and clutching his side, almost certain he bruised a rib extracting his nosy teammate from the hotspot below, when he sees Tony pressing his face against the metal grating that's covering the vent. Clint clears his throat.
"What'd you see," he whispers.
Tony says nothing.
Clint tries again. "Tony?"
"You got to see for yourself," Tony answers, barely audible to Clint given his hearing aids, but the echo of the shaft carries the noise until he can make sense of it — enough of it to finally crawl on his stomach towards the vent's opening to see what's below. He almost chokes when he does, but Tony jerks a hand out to cover Clint's mouth as they watch Steve stand underneath them, running a hand through his mussed hair in just some threadbare shorts and undershirt. 
But it's the man next to him — one that Clint recognizes from some billboard downtown — that makes his cheeks color because he's standing there all disheveled with buttons misaligned down his shirt. His slacks are wrinkled, as if they'd been thrown to the floor in a hasty retreat, and there is a dark smudge shadowing his jawline that Tony knows is a hickey. 
The man smiles, walking away with easy steps, and Steve steps back into the apartment where he'll wait until Bucky returns home from his job tonight with Natasha. Still squeezed into the vent, Tony and Clint stare at one another, blinking dully as they come to terms. 
After a moment, Tony coughs. "Did that just…?"
Clint tilts his head. "Yeah, I think so."
They sit there for a minute longer before Clint rolls onto his back — elbowing Tony in the ribs, thank you very much — and slips his phone from his pocket. He's squinting at its screen when Tony asks what he is doing. Finishing his message, Clint shrugs and puts his phone away.
"I texted Kate and Phil. They'll want to know."

________
"Are they still there?"JARVIS sighs. "Yes, Captain Rogers, I'm afraid so."
Leaning against the kitchen counter, Steve eyes a banana — bought only because of Sam's insistence — and grabs an orange, peeling away its citrus skin with a laugh. 
"Do you think they'll figure it out," he asks, wiping his charcoal-coated hands against his ratty shorts that he only breaks out for projects. Across the room, Steve can see the mat canvas he'd been working on last night, now blocked-in with the angles and joints of his model's pose. It had been a long night, longer than Steve had planned for, but it worked out for the best. 
"Captain, you do realize what they must think," JARVIS prompts after a pause. "From the text Mr. Stark just sent to Dr. Banner, I assure you that they believe the worst."
"I'm sure they do," Steve breaths, popping a slice of orange into his mouth. "Let them think what they will."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
5+1 Things
5 Times
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Is THE Troll
What A Punk
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

