Chapter 1: Confusion
    


        Chapter by Thepracticalheartmom




Chapter Text


Clint’s hit pretty bad guys. We’re gonna need evac.

 You heard a woman’s voice in your head. It startled you awake. You looked around yourself at the tiny hotel room you rented in Sokovia. You were there on a college program, volunteering to teach young kids English through comic books. A loud bang rattled you from your bleary-eyed moment. 
 
A scream ripped through your lungs as part of the building you were in suddenly crumbled in front of you. The wall that you’d woken up next to was just gone. “Shit, why did I choose Sokovia of all places to go? I just wanted to teach kids English! See a new part of the world. Not die a fucking virgin in a third world country!”
 
Across the city, Tony was caught off guard by the voice inside his head. He’d never heard his soulmate before, honestly, he’d thought he didn’t have one. It wasn’t unheard of not to have one. Hell, he thought, it wasn’t unheard of to have more than one. He shook himself out of his thoughts as he ordered JARVIS to send in the Iron Legion. He might not be able to find her now, but he could at least try to protect her. 
 

I’m gonna die. I’m gonna die. 

Clint heard in his mind. He couldn’t help but open up the connection. He groaned, hoping that she couldn’t hear his pain, but he also couldn’t help but reassure her. 
 

I can hear you, sweetheart, breathe for me. You are not going to die. I promise. 

The voice in your head calmed you immensely. 
 

I’m stuck in a building.  I’m not gonna make it out.  I’m in a third-world country and I’m gonna die here. 

You looked around, but the door wasn’t reachable. Suddenly, a familiar-looking robot hovered near your eye level. “I’m here to help…”
 
Clint could hear the familiar sound of the Iron Legion. She was in Sokovia. “Nat, I can hear her. Our soulmate is here. She’s in Sokovia.”
 

There are more than just two of you. I’ve heard at least three today. 

 
A roar could be heard in the distance. That was the last you heard of your soulmates for the day. You were lifted from her room to the ground in the arms of a metal robot, and by nightfall, you and her classmates were stepping onto a red-eye flight back to New York City. 
 

You alright darlin’? 

You heard your soulmate’s voice ask. 
 I’m on a flight back home. I’m shaken not stirred, but I’m alright. What’s your name? 

My name’s Clint, darlin, yours?

 

Y/N, My friends call me Y/N/N. 

 

Why Y/N/N? 

 

My middle name is Y/M/N. 

 

My Y/N/N, I like the sound of that. I’m dozing off sweetheart. I’m glad you’re alright. 

 

Wait, Clint? Are you hurt?

 

Nothing that isn’t a part of my job darlin’, I’ll be alright. Doc says I’ll be good as new in a few hours. I’ll be made of plastic.

 
You closed your eyes, willing the tears that were ready to fall to stay hidden in your over taxed tear ducts. You were about to doze off on the plane when you heard another voice. 
 

Doll, I wish you could hear me. It’s been a bad day, and I just need someone to see me as Steve and not my shield. Everyone sees Captain America, but no one sees Steve.

 

I’m here. I can hear you.

 
Tears filled Steve’s eyes. He sat down on his bed, his head in his hands as they spilled over. 

S...Say it again doll, please? Are you really there?

 

I’m here Steve. I’m here, you can call me Y/N/N. 

 

How are you? Where are you? Can I come see you? 

 

Of course, I work at the little comic shop down the road from Avenger’s Tower. There’s a coffee shop inside. How about we meet there for lunch? I’m not sure when I’ll go back to work. I was supposed to be in Sokovia until next week.

 

You were in Sokovia? Are you alright? 

His thoughts sounded panicked.
 

A few scratches, nothing serious. Got to fly with a robot, that’s a story to tell the grandkids one day I guess.

 
Steve felt sick to his stomach. His soulmate had been in danger, and he’d no only not known about it, but he’d been close enough to help and hadn’t. 
 

Steve? Are you still there?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Avengers Team/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Reader
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
T'Challa (Marvel)/Reader
Avengers Team/Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Fluff and Angst
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Polyamory
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Avengers Team/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
Sam Wilson (Marvel)/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Reader
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
T'Challa (Marvel)/Reader
Avengers Team/Original Character(s)

