Chapter 1: Before You Go, Was There Something I Could’ve Said
    




Chapter Text
Spider-Man sat on a ledge in Musutafu. He heard a ruffling of fabric and felt an alarm bell in his head go off. He dodged to the side, and Aizawa landed where he had been a mere moment before. “Spider,” he greeted. “How’ve you been?” He held his scarf ready to attack, but Izuku’s senses never went off. He loosened slightly, but was still ready to move at a moments- or his Spider-Sense’s- warning.But, true to his thoughts, they stayed quiet as Eraserhead sat down.“Good. How’s patrol been, Eraser?” He asked. The hero sighed, and Izuku thought about getting him some coffee. “Terrible. I haven’t gotten a moment’s rest because of a certain vigilante.”Izuku smiled under his mask that covered his eyes. Something he hadn’t done since…No. This isn’t the time. He shook his head, clearing the thoughts.“So, Eraser, got any students still?” Asked Spider-Man. He knew that Aizawa had expelled most of his class last year, and it was the first day of the new school year.“Nope. Expelled ‘em all.” Izuku stared, blinking.“Wait, what? You expelled them all!?” He stared at him shocked.“No potential, I gave them several chances to prove themselves and none of them did- I did transfer a few though,” he said, and Izuku frowned. He didn’t say anything though, understanding the man’s reasoning.“Well, how are you, Spider?” Asked Aizawa. “We’ve only talked about me so far, how’ve you been? College exams going well?” Ah, right. He forgot that he didn’t know Izuku’s age.“No.” He looked away.“What? Kid! You told me you wanted to go to college, what happened?” He asked. Izuku smirked—not that he could see it under the whole-face mask—he’d revise the suit later, maybe change some things up because spandex is not comfortable in the heat! “I didn’t take them.”A pause.“Y-You’re taking a gap year… Right?” Aizawa asked.“Nope.”“So you’re…”“Yep!” “I’m going to get a migraine, aren’t I?” “Probably, sorry about that if you do,” he said, frowning beneath his mask. Eraser shook his head, and he snorted. “Not your fault, kid.”“How old are you then?”“Uh, thirteen!”“Wait, then you’ve been doing vigilante work since you were 11!” He suddenly realized how late it was and decided to head to his apartment. “See ya, Eraser! Gotta train for the Entrance Exams next year, y’know?” He leapt off the roof, and saw Aizawa’s outstretched hand and wide eyes as he leant back. Finally, when his Spidey-Sense was all but screaming at him he shot the web and swung, narrowly missing the concrete and cars below him. He overheard Eraser’s sigh—thanks Spider-Hearing, you can be annoying but also really helpful—and smiled softly.He leapt through the sky, letting out a whoop as he nears his apartment. He made a few detours and incorrect turns, went through an alleyway, and- There it was.It looked rather inconspicuous on the outside. Mr. Stark had found out about when he was from his time there, and decided that it would be nice to time travel, so he built a small bunker underground.It was hidden through a nature reserve. By going through a fake tree, he could access the staircase that led to the bunker, and by extension, his apartment. He placed his finger on the door (somehow his fingerprint didn’t change throughout time, but as a precaution, Mr. Stark had also given him a code to enter, and where he could place his finger into the system) and it opened.He stepped inside, ensuring the camera didn’t catch anyone failing him and sat down.Mr. Stark had made an effort to make this as nice as his mansion. A shame he didn’t live to see it. The part of Izuku that most resembled Peter longed for his mentor’s figure to be leaning against him after long day in the lab.Friday chirped happily with his arrival, and Edith had prepared some food for him.He’d had the glasses on when he was sent back, so Edith had not been aware of the changes. She’d quickly connected herself to the network in the apartment, seeing Friday. She’d flickered the lights in shock before asking if it was really him, that he was here after so long while she was alone. Mr. Stark was missing there. Every time he went into the lab, he expected AC/DC to be playing, or seeing Tong working late on his experiments, or him asleep, and if not, drinking so much coffee he was mildly concerned he’d get a heart attack. There were some projects they’d moved there; Captain America’s shield, blueprints for a new Vision, The Cradle, and so, so much more that Izuku didn’t have the heart to remove.He couldn’t work on the either, so he had a section of the lab to himself. The Vibranium sat in the corner, and Peter thought about his friend Shuri. Mr. Stark had taken him to meet her, and they ended up bonding over vines, science, and pranks.Tony had threatened that he’d take Peter right back that instant, but the smile stayed on his face, and he just dropped a bucket of glitter onto the suit.Tony had taken days to get every last piece out. Some fell out whil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Midoriya Izuku & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead & Midoriya Izuku
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead/Yamada Hizashi | Present Mic

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
except he actually is
adopted tho
Vigilante Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku as Spider-Man
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Midoriya Izuku is Bad at Feelings
Midoriya Izuku Has PTSD - Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Canon-Typical Violence
Midoriya Izuku Does Not Have One for All Quirk
Quirkless Midoriya Izuku
technically
he has the spider bite tho
Midoriya Izuku is a Nerd
Peter Parker is Midoriya Izuku
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions
Crossover
Crack Treated Seriously
Fluff and Angst
Angst
Hurt No Comfort
for a while
No sleep Midorya izuku
no beta we die like tony stark
Not Canon Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
or anything after that
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
wooooo izuku is constantly hurt
Poke holes in the plot so the fic can breath
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Bad Ending
Ignore mcd tag I’m uhhhhh just uhhh watching it for my aunt’s table?
Bittersweet Ending
more on the bitter side tho
Reincarnation

fandom: 
Midoriya Izuku & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead & Midoriya Izuku
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead/Yamada Hizashi | Present Mic

