Work Text:
 Birds. Peter had never really given much thought to them. He had never imagined that the feathery creatures would play such a significant part in his life one day. They crossed his mind occasionally; when he saw them at the park, and he was reminded of the time when he used to watch them in the park with Ben while eating ice cream or when he returned fallen babies to their nests during one of his patrols. When he started swinging around Queens, he had given several pigeons a fright when he would swing by, but their startled fluttering was quickly forgotten as he thought about where his next web would go. Birds had never really computed as an important thing that Peter needed to keep in the forefront of him mind while swinging around Queens. Until he swung around the corner of a building straight into a travelling flock. Peter’s vision had immediately been full of feathers and sharp claws. He had yelped, hands automatically coming up to the protect his face as he was whacked and buffered in all directions, and he had let go of his web. “Peter, you’re falling,” Karen unhelpfully supplied. Peter arms swung in wide circles as he fell fast. Feathers and claws still obscured his vision as he fell, his stomach swooping with the sensation and his sense screaming at him to do something. Peter flung his hand out, shooting out a web and praying that it caught something. It did and Peter’s shoulder screamed as he was suddenly yanked sideways. He was swinging widely – 
Smack

 
Peter groaned as pain bloomed across his nose and cheeks. Peter’s body jerked away, suspending mid-air for a beat before his body was twisting and he was slamming back into the hard wall again. Peter’s shoulder screamed has his body stilled and he hung suspended in the air. Panting hard, Peter shot another web with his other hand, making sure it stuck before he let go with his other. “Karen, what the hell was that?” Peter groaned as he fought to the through the pain that was radiating up his side and across his face. “It appears you swung into a flock of birds,” Karen said. “I got that,” Peter grunted. He blinked through the haze of fogginess that was starting to cloud his mind and shook his head. He looked around and found that he wasn’t too far from the ground and with more effort than he had energy for, he lowered himself the last few feet. When his feet touched the ground, he released the web and sunk to the pavement, back thumping up against the side of the building. “Peter, it appears you have a concussion along with a torn muscle in your shoulder and several bruises on your right ribs,” Karen informed him. “Shall I call Mr. Stark?” “Noooo,” Peter moaned as he struggled to climb to his feet. “Don’t call him.” Karen didn’t respond and Peter whined. “Please, Karen. I’m fine. Ugh, what is that?” Peter flicked his hand, trying to dislodge the feather that was stuck to his gloves. “You appear to have several feathers stuck to your suit,” Karen sounded amused. “Oh my god. I’m never going to live this down,” Peter moaned. From the corner of his mask, he could see the edges of the feathers and he could only imagine how he looked. He prayed to Thor that nobody had been filming him and prayed that Ned would be able to hack into Karen to delete the footage before it ever saw the light of day (A.K.A Tony Starks eyes.) He sighed heavily and heaved himself up to his feet. His side ached and his winced as he leant against the wall to catch his breath as the world tilted slightly. He gritted his teeth and pushed off the wall. He had work to do before Tony saw that Spider-Man latest enemy was of the feathery kind.  “I’m here to take the kid of your hands,” Tony grinned, stepping into the Parker’s apartment. It was mid-day on Saturday, and he was dressed in usual business attire and signature glasses perched on his nose. May gave him an amused look, shutting the door behind Tony as he stepped into the Parker’s small apartment. “Did I miss the custody battle?” She was already dressed in her work uniform, nearly ready to leave to pull the double shift she had covered. Tony grinned, sliding the sunglasses off his face. “Yes. But Pepper was in your corner and made you sure that you get most of the holidays and that we share him at Christmas. I get every other weekend.” “Well, as long as Pepper was there,” May humoured Tony. “Coffee? Peter’s not back from patrol yet.” “Sure,” Tony followed May into the small kitchen. “What exactly are you doing with our kid today?” May asked as she grabbed some mugs down from the cupboard. It had taken a while but May was now comfortable sharing Peter with Tony. She had been furious when she had found out that Peter was Spider-Man and even more so when she found out what Germany had really meant. She had been surprised when Tony had sat quietly as she yelled at him and even agreed that he had been a complete idiot and never should have taken Peter with him. He took the time to explain to her everything that had gone do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Injured Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Birds
Angry Birds
Tony Stark Feels
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Protectiveness
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Protective Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

