Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore was a master manipulator, though only a few ever became aware of this fact... most just seconds before their deaths. Dumbledore had always had a desire for power as a child, the ambition to go places and do great things, and as he grew older that desire grew stronger. His manipulations grew more vast and the lengths to which he was willing to go to achieve said power and wealth were truly terrifying. Many fell beneath his heels as he climbed the ladder of success in the wizarding world, whether to they fell to social ruin or death, and Dumbledore showed no sign of slowing down when a young upstart by the name of Voldemort came to power.

Voldemort, a man just as desirous of power and wealth, slowly but surely gathered power in the United Kingdom... though he did so in a much more crude and noticeable fashion. Followers began to flock towards the upstart and whispers of a coming war put a hamper on Dumbledore’s efforts. However, when all seemed nearly lost a shinning light beamed down upon Dumbledore’s path in the form of a prophesy. If used in just a certain way, the prophesy would not only eradicate Voldemort from the face of the Earth, but would provide Dumbledore with the kind of power the old man had always dreamed of.


It took years and countless manipulations, both big and small, but on the fateful day when the prophesied savior came to the great beyond (quaintly fashioned by his mind as Kings Cross Station) Dumbledore performed his greatest feat of manipulation. While in the persona of the kindly old pseudo-grandfather of young Harry Potter, The-Boy-Who-Lived, Dumbledore perfectly manipulated the boy towards his own means... not only giving him the tools to defeat Voldemort for the final time, but giving him a gentle push to tow Dumbledore along back to the land of the living... and in doing so it would one day prove to be far more useful than the century worth of master manipulation Dumbledore had performed.


As the dust settled and the death tole climbed, Dumbledore counted himself as a “miracle” resurrection by the newly appointed (and as of yet completely unaware) Master of Death, Harry Potter. Oh, there was still much to do... guiding young Harry towards his “one true love”, skillfully arranging for said couple to marry and carefully finessing the marriage contract so that the harpy Molly Weasley and her brats get everything, killing the innocent young boy who held all the power Dumbledore desired within his grasp, and finally, achieving his life’s long work by becoming the Master of Death as Harry’s defeator.


Just a few more skillful moves and Dumbledore will have everything within his grasp.

***

It started long before the final battle, a feeling of unease that he just couldn’t place. A notion that he was missing something, that the smiles and words of friendship, family, love and trust just weren’t all they were supposed to be. Of course, it wasn’t until one fateful night when Harry overheard a secret conversation that revealed all too much within just a few terrible words.


“Headmaster, how much longer do I have to pretend to be that poof’s friend?”


It was Ron’s voice that started the dominoes falling. Causing Harry, who had been walking by a dirty unused room on the fourth floor of Grimmauld Place, to come to a screeching halt and frown in confusion. ‘Who was Ron talking about?’


“I’m getting tired of playing the doting friend... I want the old Harry back at least, he had time for me and was willing to spend buckets of galleons on me when I wanted him to. He’s not acting the same since you spelled him. He doesn’t want to hang out with us as much anymore, he doesn’t talk as much... Ginny said that Harry never wants to touch her anymore. He spends most of his time in his room alone, he’s not the same fun Harry he used to be and without that I don’t have any fun while playing at being best mates with the poof!” Ron whined


“My dear boy, it will be just a while longer. Keep your mind on the prize and this shall pass in the blink of an eye. We are nearly there now that Harry has defeated Voldemort. The efforts we went through to eliminate the bond Harry had were successful. His relationship with young Ginevra here is right on schedule with the love potion your mother has most helpfully brewed for Ginny to dose him daily with and very soon the marriage will take place. Once that is done all that is left is to remove the nuisance of Mr. Potter from our lives and we shall all be very rich and very powerful.”


Harry felt the bottom drop out of his stomach at hearing the words. They were spoken in a tone of voice that Harry had never heard come from the twinkle-eyed, sweet man who Harry had always considered something of a grandfather to him. It was cloying, sharp, manipulative and all to sinister for his liking. Their meaning could be nothing less than devastating, the revelation that not only was one of his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)
Phil Coulson/Remus Lupin
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Soulmates
Soul Bond
Master of Death Harry
Powerful Harry
Fix-It
Bottom Harry
Top Thor
Size Difference
Size Kink
Character Bashing
Mpreg
Badass Harry
Angst
Fluff
Smut
Domestic Avengers
Protectiveness
Mind Control
Betrayal
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Crossover
Crossover Pairings
Manipulative Dumbledore
Dumbledore Bashing
Ron Bashing
Hermione Bashing
Ginny Bashing
Molly Weasley Bashing

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)
Phil Coulson/Remus Lupin
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Jane Foster/Thor

