Work Text:
  What was worse than a first date with a girl you really liked? That girl not even showing up. Peter had taken weeks to pluck up the courage to ask out MJ. After his disastrous first attempt of dating with Liz, Peter had firmly been put off dating anyone in the near future. That was until MJ had taken over Decathlon and they had ended up spending many Thursday afternoon together and Peter got to know MJ better. The spark of feeling he had felt with Liz had returned, only this time it was MJ he found himself staring at in class and in the cafeteria while she read or sketched. Ned had been entirely unsympathetic as he worked on his own crush on Betty Brant. The two had made a pact that by the end of the week, they would ask both girls out. Peter’s nerves had been shot to hell and one embarrassing, rambling, getting so off-topic he struggled to get back to his original point, he asked MJ out on a date. Surprisingly, said yes. “Pick me up on Friday. We’ll go to a movie,” MJ lightly punched him on the shoulder before she disappeared down the hallway leaving Peter standing there dumbfounded long after the bell had rung. When Peter had been able to move again (narrowly missing out on a detention for being late) he had excitedly texted Ned under the table who gave him a bright grin and a thumbs up. When the final bell rang for the end of the day, Peter was so ecstatic that he rushed home to tell May, failing to see that Tony Stark was sitting on his couch and has heard the whole thing. “Way to go, kiddo,” Tony smirked as Peter moaned loudly into his hands, feeling his cheeks burning fire-truck red. “When and where are you taking her?” May asked as he patted his head when he slumped on the couch between them. “Movies on Friday night,” Peter blew out a breath. “Perfect. Tony can drop you off and pick you up,” May smiled. “What!” Peter yelped, looking between the two adults with wide frantic eyes. “Uh, yeah, what?” Tony asked, looking at May with his eyebrows raised, looking just as bewildered as Peter. “I have to work Friday night so you will have to take Peter,” May explained gently. Tony’s face morphed into a grin. “I think I can handle that.” “May, noooo,” Peter whined, tugging on her arm. “He’ll embarrass me!” “Remember the days when you were too nervous to sass me,” Tony reminisced. “I miss those days.”  “Tony embarrasses himself anywhere he goes,” May shot Tony a smug grin over the top of Peter’s head. “This won’t be any different.” “Rude,” Tony scoffed. “I don’t embarrass anyone. Only Rhodey when the occasion calls for it. Look kid, I promise to be on my best behaviour. No shenanigans of any kind. I’ll be the perfect wing man.” “Do I need a wing man if I already have the date?” Peter asked curiously. “You always need a wing man and you, Peter, are very lucky to have me,” Tony winked. When Friday rolled around, Peter found himself in the front seat of one of Tony’s very expensive cars, nervously folding his hands over and over in his lap. “Relax, kid,” Tony chuckled as he looked at Peter out of the corner of his eye. Peter let out a nervous breath. “I’m sorry.” “No need to apologize kid. First dates are always the toughest,” Tony assured him. “You’ll be fine. Hard part is already over.” “Doesn’t feel like it,” Peter slouched in the seat. “What was I thinking! My last date ended with me battling her dad and sending him to jail.” “The odds of that happening a second time kiddo are very slim,” Tony assured him. “It could happen,” Peter sulked. “Parker Luck.” “Parker what?” Tony asked curiously. “Parker Luck,” Peter sighed. “That’s what the kids at school call it. Bad stuff always happens to me. Parker Luck.” Tony’s chest tightened as he let Peter’s words sink in. He was going to have to touch base on that one again but not tonight. The kid was nervous enough as it was, and Tony needed to have this talk when his chest wasn’t feeling like he was about to have an emotional heart attack at how much his kid had been through.  “The first time I kissed Pepper, we were on a rooftop, after the Stark Expo we-will-never-speak-of-again and a bunch of explosions were going off in the background and Rhodey said we looked like two seals fighting over a grape,” Tony said, shaking his head. “Probably the worst romantic kiss in history.” “Really?” Peter asked, sitting up in his chair. “Yep, and even though it was a disaster and Rhodey was a terrible wing man, it was still the best kiss because it was Pepper,” Tony smiled softly. “Point I’m trying to make kiddo, is not to stress about your first date going badly. Just laugh it off and move on. You never know, it could lead to an even better date next time.” “I guess so,” Peter gave a small smile. “Thanks Mr. Stark.” “Any time kiddo,” Tony chuckled. “Just don’t go round telling people that story. I have a reputation to uphold.” Peter nodded eagerly. “I won’t. Hey, did you know that I went to that expo?” “What?” Tony said sharply, taking his eyes off the road to stare at Pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Parker Luck
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
First Dates
Misunderstandings
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Feels
Awesome Pepper Potts
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
missed calls

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

