Chapter 1: The Message
    


Notes:
Okay everyone, in this chapter you can read the last words Tony Stark has to say to Peter. I absolutely loved to write this! A lot of fluff is about to come! Enjoy!




Chapter Text
The funeral of Tony Stark was the third funeral Peter Parker had attended to in his short life. A way too high number for his age.
It had been hard, standing there, keeping it together. All the Avengers and friends mourning about their fallen hero and friend. Peter had earned many shoulder squeezes from the funeral guests. It was a nice gesture but he‘d wished they’d stop, it made it even harder to hold his emotions in.
He got to meet Morgan Stark, Tony’s daughter, she reminded him so much of his mentor. She was smart, she was funny and she was caring. Just the cutest little girl he had ever met…well he hadn’t really met many four years old. But he knew from the first moment on that she was special.
Pepper stayed in contact with Peter and made sure to regularly ask him how he was doing. He didn’t know why she did it back then. She had suffered a way bigger loss than him. He hadn’t known Tony Stark as long as she had. She had lost a husband. He had lost a mentor. Couldn’t compare that.
He knew he was lying to himself. Tony had been more to him then just his mentor, he’d been like a father to him even though they both had denied it. Still why was she the one that cared to ask? Shouldn’t he be the one to ask her? She had the right feeling though, he wasn’t doing great.
The loss of yet another parental figure had played his toll on him, leaving him shattered and broken for weeks. It took him two months alone just to put his mask back on. The reminder of what he had lost too great. But after the News and even the Daily Bugle had started to ask where the mighty hero had gone, and the News nearly exploded with crime reports, his guilt complex called in again and his wish to help had broken through his self-pity in the end.
The Spider activities also brought a lot of welcomed distraction. The criminal rate in Queens really had grown drastically over the last months, People fighting over apartments and jobs, homelessness that lead to more robberies, more drug and alcohol addictions, what kept the police more than busy. The drug dealers and other criminals used the chaos to their advantage. So he had decided it was time Spiderman started to watch out for the people in Queen again.
He remembered it like it was yesterday when he finally had the courage to pull the mask back on …
 
 
Peter stood in his room. The mask in his shaking hands. This suit reminded him of the good old days were he and Stark had started to spend more time with each other after the Vulture incident. He took a few deep breaths and pulled the mask over his head. As soon as it covered his face the voice of his A.I. greeted him.
„Hello Peter, it’s good to have you back.” A warm feeling settled in his chest but he also felt a twist in his stomach. This was all he had left from Tony Stark.
„Hey Karen, I missed you.“
„I missed you too Peter, I‘m sorry for your loss.“ It was kind of funny to hear these words from an emotionless system. He appreciated them nontheless.
„Thank you.“
„Mr. Stark left a message for you, in case he wouldn’t return, would you like me to play it?“ Karen asked softly.
Peters head shot up.
„What?“ he asked weakly, grabbing his bed barrier, as his legs threatened to give out under him.
„Mr. Stark recorded a Message for you that he wanted me to play if he didn’t came back. Do you want me to play it?“ Karen repeated. His heart throbbed painfully in his chest. His hands started to sweat and tremble. He gulped down the lump in his throat.
„Yes please.“ he choked out, too many emotions threatening to take over him. His A.I. played the audio without another word.
 
 

„Hey Pete, I hope you will never have to hear this, because that would mean something bad happened.“

Peter had to sit down. Tears shot into his eyes as he soaked in his mentors calm voice. Tony exhaled sharply before he continued.

„And that means, I was bereaved of the privilege to spend more time with you, again. I hope I had the chance to say everything I will say now personally already, but just in case I didn’t, which knowing me will probably be the case, here it comes:


I can’t even think about the possibility that all my effort to bring you back so I can see you again, might go sideways. I pray that I‘ll at least get to see you, give you that long overdue hug, because gosh kid I really, really miss you. When Steve came to my house with his whole crazy talk about time travel, I didn’t want to do it. I rejected him and his crazy Ideas. I didn’t want to leave Pepper and Morgan behind, because I knew there was a big chance I wouldn’t come back. But then…I looked at our picture and…I realized…I couldn’t live in a world without you any longer I didn’t want to. I had at least to try to get you back, because, I owe it to you. It’s my fault you came into this w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Protective Happy Hogan
Protective Pepper Potts
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
CEO Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
tony stark is dead
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
still we will hear from Tony
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Luck was never on Peter's side
Peter is handling
Peter is the boss
short appearance of Sam Wilson
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Eventual Happy Ending
His teacher doesn't believe him
They didn't see that coming
Peter was born to rule
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

