Chapter 1: The Spell
    




Chapter Text
You had been trying to summon Loki for years. Nothing worked.You began practicing magic long ago with the intent of bettering yourself and creating a life that you wanted to live. It took months of research, but once you began practicing small spells and charms, you eventually got the knack of it. Really, tiny enchantments were all you wanted to learn...until you began to feel your power growing.It wasn’t that you were exceptionally magical but you could feel yourself becoming more capable, more talented. You decided to look into deeper spells, ones that would involve more expertise and finesse. It was then that you stumbled across the god who would forever haunt your dreams.Loki.He was the Master Sorcerer, the protector of the supernatural, a trickster god, and someone who contained so much power that he was the definition of magic. He was a king of his own creation and one that you were eager to worship with your entire mind, body, and soul. You had read stories of him granting people with strength and magic, blessing them with his gifts. You wanted that. You wanted access to his well of magic, to be a student that he took under his wing. At least, that was how it started.As you researched more about Loki and learned about who he was, you began to feel connected to him. You loved what you read about him and what he had done for his people, his followers. According to the people who had met him, he was beautiful, charming, and full of a dark energy that could only be classified as utterly seductive. His wit, intelligence, and strength drew you to him to the point where he was all you thought about. And above all, he was, at least according to those who said so, the most glorious man in bed. The thought of him fucking you fueled many filthy dreams that you would not dare to admit. He planted kinks in you that you did not even know you had. The more you thought about it, the more you wanted to be his - his toy, the one he fucked, a slave to his pleasure. You quickly became enamored with him, his sex, his dominance and found yourself wanting to meet him for him, not just his magic.So, you began practicing summoning spells. Day after day, night after night, you tried to contact him and bring him to you. You tried spells that had been in books, on the internet, and even some that you had randomly thought of while in the shower or walking down the street. Granted, those rarely ever worked, but you were a magical being in training and you would be willing to try anything that flitted into your wicked mind. You tried offerings and gifts, but nothing you attempted ever brought Loki even close to you. You knew it would be tough. He was a powerful being and would perhaps only be drawn to those with the greatest abilities, but you thought after so many years of devotion, he may come to you. Wrong.After so many failed attempts, you began to grow spiteful and frustrated. You wanted this to work - needed it to work. Finally, you hit your breaking point and looked to the type of magic you never thought you’d ever touch.Dark magic.Dark magic was just that - dark. It was full of sin and temptation and wickedness. Dark magic was not magic that people, nor the gods, approved of but you needed to try it. It wasn’t dealt with by the weak and you had to be strong while using it. You had to let some of your own dark desires leak out while using it. You couldn’t let yourself flinch away from the haunting it would bring you, the maliciousness, or even the danger. This had to work. It was the only way you could bring Loki to you.You had been using dark magic for almost two months when the night finally happened. You were on the floor, surrounding yourself with the dark magic you were producing. You were imagining all of the sinful things you wanted Loki to do to you. Every lusty pleasure was being put into your spell. It was raining, and suddenly, it was pouring. Wind howled outside of your home, branches scratched at your windows, and rain beat against the siding. You could feel your house buzzing, energies within it coming to life and seeking refuge with you. The candles you had set up began flickering, then growing, billowing into large flames that illuminated the entire room. The few lamps you did have lit shook as their bulbs blew out and exploded. You squeezed your eyes shut and put more focus, more intent into what you were doing. The floor shook, the walls shook, the ceiling shook. Glass broke, cement cracked, wood splintered. The noise was incredible, filling your ears with the wildness of it all. There was shrieking, screaming, howling. And then it was silent.You kept your eyes closed as you caught your breath, suddenly winded from whatever spell you had concocted. Once your breathing was settled, you opened your eyes. A gasp fell from your lips.Loki was there.He was standing against the wall, a furious look on his face. The dark of the night casted shadows along his pale face, whi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
loki (marvel) & you
Prince Hal (Shakespeare)/Reader
Prince Hal (Shakespeare)/You
Thomas Sharpe & Reader
Thomas Sharpe/Reader
Thomas Sharpe/You
James Conrad/Reader
James Conrad/You
Robert Laing (High-Rise)/Reader
Robert Laing (High-Rise)/You
Adam (Only Lovers Left Alive)/Reader
Adam (Only Lovers Left Alive)/You
Jonathan Pine/Reader
Jonathan Pine/You

freeform: 
Smut
Shameless Smut
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Fingerfucking
Finger Sucking
Hand & Finger Kink
Floor Sex
Blow Jobs
Breeding
Pregnancy Kink
Dirty Talk
Exhibitionism
Voyeurism
Mirror Sex
Riding
Office Sex
Desk Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Rough Kissing
Bondage
Wall Sex
Choking
Breathplay
Sex Tapes
Blood Drinking
Vampire Bites
Daddy Kink
Spanking
Dom/sub
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Magic
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Angry Sex
Orgy
Group Sex
Double Penetration
Double Vaginal Penetration
Blindfolds
Gangbang

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
loki (marvel) & you
Prince Hal (Shakespeare)/Reader
Prince Hal (Shakespeare)/You
Thomas Sharpe & Reader
Thomas Sharpe/Reader
Thomas Sharpe/You
James Conrad/Reader
James Conrad/You
Robert Laing (High-Rise)/Reader
Robert Laing (High-Rise)/You
Adam (Only Lovers Left Alive)/Reader
Adam (Only Lovers Left Alive)/You
Jonathan Pine/Reader
Jonathan Pine/You

