Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Peter sat up in class suddenly, praying that for once his super hearing had failed him and he hadn't heard what he thought he had just heard. Did...did Mr. Harrington just say that they were going on a trip to Stark Industries?!?!? Judging by the rest of the class's cheers, he had. Peter turned to Ned in shock, only to see his best friend's face practically being split open with a grin. “Peter!!” He cried, “We’re going to SI! Like, I know it's not a big deal for you but….Stark Industries, Peter! Avengers Tower!” Peter honestly thought Ned might faint. “Yo Penis!” Flash shouted from across the room. “You excited to reveal how you're just a little orphan liar?! There's no way you have an internship at Stark Industries, and this trip is gonna prove it!” Peter just sighed. He hoped Flash wouldn't be too much of a jerk when they were at SI, otherwise his lying to Tony about whether he was being bullied in school wouldn't matter at all.Eventually, after what felt like an eternity, the class settled down enough for Mr. Harrington to pass out the field trip forms, as well as NDA’s Pepper was making them sign. The bell rang, but before Peter could escape to Happy’s car to groan about Fate's cruel sense of humour, he heard his name being called. “Peter?” Mr. Harrington asked. “Could you stay behind for a moment, please?” Peter knew this was not going to be good. To put it very lightly, he and Mr. Harrington were not best friends. Because of Spiderman AND being the heir to a multibillion dollar company, Peter’s schedule was very busy and he hadn't been able to make it to as many AcaDec practices lately as he’d like. “Peter…” Mr. Harrington wiped sweat off of his red forehead. Why was he always sweating? “I've heard the rumours going around at your internship at Stark Industries. And while I do believe you're smart enough to some day apply, we both know that SI doesn't accept high school interns. Now, it's not my business what you want to tell people, but I will ask you to stop trying to keep up this charade. Honestly Peter, it's looking a little desperate.”Peter was seething. Now the teachers didn't believe him?! He'd even filed internship paperwork with the school! But all he said was “I'm sorry you think that way, sir. I promise you, by next Friday, on our field trip, everyone will know for a fact that I have a position within Stark Industries. But if you don't mind, there's a car waiting for me outside and the driver does not like to be kept waiting.” Mr, Harrington nodded, although he was a bit puzzled by the cryptic answer. Peter didn't wait for any more pleasantries - he dashed out the door, face burning. Once inside Happy’s sleek black car, Peter let out the loudest groan Happy had heard in a long time. The older man paused before pushing the button that would divide Peter from him, and, eyes flickering backwards in concern, asked “Everything ok, Pete?”“Not at all!” Peter leaned his still-pink head against the refreshing cool of the window. “My class is taking a field trip to SI! My home, Happy! They're taking a field trip to my literal house!” Happy seemed nonplussed. “Ok.” He said. “As long as you're not in danger of anything except major embarrassment, I'm going to shut you out now.” And with that, he put up the darkened barrier between himself and the teen.   Line breakPeter stormed into the penthouse with a huff. “Did you do this?!?” He shouted at Tony, who had been harmlessly binging Brooklyn Nine Nine. “That depends on what this is,” Tony replied, pausing the show. In response, Peter thrust his permission slip and NDA at his adopted father. Tony looked at the yellow sheets (why are permission slips always in weird colors?) for a moment before throwing his head back in laughter. “This wasn't me,” he gasped “but you bet your ass whoever it was is getting a raise!” Peter whined “Dad! You're supposed to be on my side! Can't you see how terrible this is?!”“You're right.” Tony said solemnly. “I am so sorry Underoos. It's just...can you imagine...how much fun Bucky is gonna have?!” His laughter came back again in full force. Peter sighed and shook his head before giving up on receiving any sympathy from his father figure and retreating to his room.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Adopted Peter Parker
Minor OC - Freeform
Intern Peter Parker
Boss Peter Parker
Homophobia
but also gay
Irondad
ironfam
Domestic Avengers
Peter likes toast
Stucky - Freeform
Minor Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Minor Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

