Work Text:
  Peter remembers the conversation vividly. It hard not to remember because Peter had been feeling warm, content and happy when the conversation had taken place. He remembers sitting at the kitchen island on one of the stools, the smile on his face so big it hurt his cheeks as he watched Pepper and Tony banter back and forth while they prepared dinner. Tony was wearing an Iron Man apron (‘Where did you get that?’ ‘It was gift from Rhodey.’) while Pepper was dressed in the most comfortable looking clothes Peter had ever seen her in and the whole scene was very domestic. “Oh, before I forget, I put the papers you need to sign off for Peter’s internship on the table, Tony,” Pepper said as she poured each of them a drink. “You need to sign them and send them in. Don’t forget.” “Why do you say it like that?” Tony frowned, hands on his hips. “Everyone knows how much you don’t like paperwork,” Pepper rolled her eyes. “All the next villain would have to do is send you paperwork and you would do everything to avoid it.” Peter had cackled loudly at that and Tony glared at him, pointing a dripping spoon at him. “Enough out of you, Underoos or I’ll personally deliver that paperwork to your school.” Peter mouth dropped open as the thought, eyes widening at the very thought of Tony rocking up in his suit. “Noooooo.” Tony grinned wolfishly. “That’s what I thought. What’s the paperwork for anyway?” “Peter’s school needs proof of his internship and since May and I decided that if Peter is using it as a cover for being Spider-Man then he should actually have an internship,” Pepper said, sliding a now full class of soda to Peter with a smile. “Starting Monday, you are officially an SI intern doing one day a week with the other interns and two days a week as Tony’s personal intern.” “Seriously?” Peter gasped out, nearly falling off his chair in his excitement. “Seriously,” Pepper smirked and laughed when Peter tackled her into a hug, squeezing her tightly before bounding away to hug Tony equally as tight. “Thank you, thank you Mr. Stark!” Peter gushed. Tony patted Peter’s back gently. “Don’t thank me, Kid. This is the first I’m hearing about it. But I’m happy your excited kiddo. Pepper always has good ideas.” “Ned’s going to flip,” Peter beamed, pulling back from Tony. “Mr. Stark I can’t wait.” Tony grinned, chuckling slightly at Peter’s excitement. “Me to, kid.” As Pepper had promised, the very next week Peter was presented with his very own intern badge and starter package and had received a tour by Pepper herself. When they had reached the labs, Tony had been waiting and introduced him to the other interns who, to Peter’s nerves, were all in collage. They had been a little surprised by how young Peter was but had accepted him into their little circle easily enough. Like the rest of the interns, Peter had been instructed to design his very own project that was in line with SI’s values and beliefs that would help benefit the world. One day a week, Peter got to work on his project while Tony circled around the interns, checking their progress and offering tips and notes as he went. Peter had decided to see if he could create a drone the same size as Drony to help those with who had injuries (Peter had gotten the idea when Rhodey had come to visit. He had overheard him speaking to Tony about how sometimes he struggled to reach high things now that he had the braces.) The other two days Peter got to work on anything he wanted with Tony, usually working on their suits or toying with Peter’s web solution. Spending time with Tony was the greatest and Peter found himself trying even harder in school, not wanting to disappoint him or his aunt and Pepper who had helped him get such an incredible opportunity. Peter refused to let such an amazing opportunity go to waste. He had found balance with school, Decathlon and Spider-Man and still had the time to hang with Ned and MJ. So, when Peter was called into the principal office nearly three months later his anxiety peaked, and he wracked his brains for what he could have done. At first, he thought something had happened to May and his heart plummeted into his stomach. Principal Morita must have seen the panic on his face because he was quick to assure Peter that his Aunt was fine. “Peter you’re a good student. One of the most talented that has come through these halls. I have no doubt that whatever you decide to do once you leave these halls you will achieve,” Morita praised. “Thank you, sir,” Peter gave a small smile. While the praise was a nice surprise, Peter could sense that there was a but to follow Morita’s statement. “You’re a good student and a good kid, but you have been missing quite a few classes. And you have also had more absences this year than any other student,” Morita’s voice had grown stern. “You’ve also quit most of your extra-curricular activities. While your grades are excellent it is not enough.” “I had to for my internship at Stark Industries,” Peter said
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Internship
Misunderstandings
BAMF Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Awesome Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Pepper Potts
Mentioned May Parker (Spider-Man)
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark is in trouble
May Parker will kill Tony Stark
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Domestic Fluff
Domestic
Peter Parker Whump

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

