Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Their first memories would the same, and yet completely different – so distinctly different that it would seem only the passage of time was similar between them.Raven remembered fear and panic that melted into appreciation and newfound strength in herself.Erik recalled hesitation and skepticism that turned to love and the need to protect something more precious than a kingdom and a memory.Charles could recount only darkness punctuated by brushes of much needed warmth.--------SEPTEMBERErik couldn't say he approved of Shaw pushing ahead without him, but then again, Shaw did a lot of things that Erik didn't approve of. He'd gotten used to it over the years.The Westchester Kingdom, nestled in the east and, quite possibly, the outermost reaches of Shaw's growing territory, wasn't going to be an easy place to take. It was small, yes, but it was backed by mountains that provided an excellent place to hold ground even if he should be able to push past the defenses of their plain strategies. Quite simply, despite it's small formation, Westchester knew what it was doing. It had for years, which was why the kings who attempted to take it in the past were not successful. Its people were loyal and its soldiers well trained, if anyone should have accompanied him then it was Erik.Unfortunately, their last battle had resulted in an injury too grave to simply ignore—which was his preference for these sorts of things, ignoring them—and he was told to stay behind. Shaw sounded good-natured about it when he gave his reassurances, chiding Erik for thinking he'd be of any use when he couldn't rise without soaking numerous rags with blood, but Erik wasn't convinced. Brian Xavier wasn't going to be like so many villages and other kingdom's they'd taken, and they both knew it wasn't just arrogance that drove Erik to be there.The only small condolence was the fact that the offensive wound—a clear stab through his right side by a short sword—was earned in protecting his liege’s life. If he was going to be forced to recuperate, he didn't think he could have had a more honorable excuse for it.His recovery seemed to span the extent of his king's absence – much longer and he would have been able to go after him. It was a few short days after he had considered doing just that when the news arrived that there would be no need. Shaw had succeeded – Westchester was theirs and he would be back in Lourdes within a few weeks.--------The trip from Westchester to Lourdes, the re-named capitol of Sebastian Shaw's growing empire, was agonizing for only one reason: She hadn't had the chance to apologize to Charles.They weren't kept together. It seemed like from the moment Shaw—and she refused to call him “King”—had seen her brother, he was determined to keep them apart. Something terrifying came over his dark eyes, she could see it even from where she was peering around Charles' side, and she couldn't put a name to it. She wasn't sure she wanted to.For a split second time stopped, freezing the three of them in her bedroom. Charles stood in front of her defiantly, just seconds after twisting around from trying to push her towards the secret passage behind her dresser, despite being unarmed. He knew how to fight, he had a sword, but everything had happened so fast. It hadn't even occurred to him that he would be fighting that day, despite knowing that it was inevitable. They'd been expecting months before Charles or her father should have had to go to battle – what they had gotten was an ambush. And yet all he'd thought about was her, helping her to escape with the other people they'd been evacuating through the secret passages in the mountains.But then time started again, as it always had to, and it did so with the steady dripping of blood from Shaw's blade on her stone floor. Their father's blood, it must have been, because he was the last person they'd seen fighting Shaw. She felt sick, but nothing compared to the ill-ease that Shaw's eyes filled her with.Suddenly soldiers were flooding into the room, their red blades matching Shaw's, and she didn't think they said anything. Or if they had, she couldn't remember it. Her ears felt like they were full of cotton and all the words were muffled, though she swore she could picture Shaw speaking to her brother. Then he was grabbing Charles by the throat or the chin—she wished her memory wasn't so unclear, like her mind was full of tears that mottled the vision—and two guards were grabbing her.She hadn't blacked out, she knew that, but the rest of it seemed like lost time until they ended up here, separated and silenced. That had never happened before.Charles wasn't far from her at all, the guard she was riding with stayed close to Shaw's horse at the head of their march back to Lourdes. She could see him and probably even call out to him, and that was the strangest part.She could see and speak, if she wanted to, but Charles couldn't. Sometime after she'd been dragged from the ro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Sebastian Shaw/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Raven Darkholme

freeform: 
Oral Sex
Intercrural Sex
Anal Sex
Captivity
Sexual Slavery
Sensory Deprivation
Blindfolds
Blindness
Bondage
Chastity Cage
Psychological Torture
Violence
Non-Erotic Flagellation
Non Consensual

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Sebastian Shaw/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Raven Darkholme

