Work Text:
Bucky could smell Steve laid out on the couch before he saw him.  Underneath the wash of Steve’s beta hormone scrub was the undeniable sickly-sweet smell of an oncoming heat.  He sucked in a breath.  Poor bastard.  This happened, sometimes; Steve’d recovered from pneumonia two days ago, only for his body to decide that he was healthy enough to go through a heat.  	Bucky circled the couch.  “Hey, Steve?”  	“Yeah?” Steve replied, staring at the wall next to Bucky. 	“I’m heading out to work now- want me to pick anything up on my way back?”	Steve shook his head.  	“Alright, punk.  Rest up.”  Steve turned into the back of the couch.  --	By the end of the day, Bucky had managed to completely forget about Steve.  His back was a mass of sore aches; it’d been a long day at the factory, and all he wanted to do was collapse for a bit.   He fumbled with the lock in the dark, and swung open the door to an equally dark apartment.  	“Steve?” he called out.  The bedroom door was closed, but the thick scent of heat lay about the entire apartment.  Bucky breathed it in; to a beta, it was a pleasant, warm smell, but not maddening in the way it might be to an alpha.  Steve usually had weak heats, his body unable to handle a full-blown heat, and this was the first full heat he’d had in two years.  Bucky shut the front door and grabbed a towel, stuffing it in the crack underneath the door, then checked the windows.  It would get stuffy in the June temperatures, but there was no helping it.  	He knocked on the bedroom door. “Steve?  Lemme in.”	“No,” Steve replied, stubborn as ever.  Bucky kept rapping on the door.  “Steve.  Steve.  Steeeve.  Steve.  Steve.”“Ok, fine” Steve shouted.  “Just shut up for a second.”  Bucky smiled. The door swung inward, revealing Steve, gaunt and covered in sweat.  His boxers rode low on his hips, barely staying up.  Steve looked away, self-conscious, then went and sat on the bed.  “I ain’t here for your ogling, Barnes.”Bucky went and sat next to him, drawn to the calm, sweet smell of his heat.  He waited.  Steve stared at the wall, then thumped a fist on the bed, delicate and white-knuckled.  “I hate this,” he said.  “You try the box of stuff yet?” Bucky asked.  They’d collected some supplies for Steve’s heat over the past few years- cooling creams, a couple of knotting dildos of different sizes.  Sometimes they helped, but that was usually when Steve was in a weak heat.  Steve looked at him with an unamused expression, one eyebrow raised.  “No Buck, hadn’t crossed my mind.”Bucky didn’t bite.  He knew Steve had to be like this when he lost control of his body; it was the last bit of dignity he had, being all nasty and sharp-tongued.  Bucky pulled him into his lap.  “Hey,” Steve shouted, thumping Bucky on the chest.  “You big stupid lump, set me down!” “Don’t hit me, you shit,” Bucky said.  “C’mon, I already know you’re tough.  Just lemme help.”  Steve stopped hitting, but he was tense in Bucky’s grasp.  Bucky nuzzled his hair and breathed him in.  “’M not five,” Steve said sullenly.  “Shush,” Bucky replied.  He laid a warm palm on the back of Steve’s neck, and Steve went passive, slumping into Bucky’s broad chest.  Bucky scratched his nails gently over the sides of Steve’s neck, then the sensitive area beneath his ears.  Steve whined softly.  “I hate that,” Steve said casually.  Bucky stopped.  “No, I’m sorry Buck, I know you’re just trying to help.”  Steve grimaced.  “You’ve been out workin' all day and night ‘cause I can’t keep a job, and- it feels real nice.  I just.”  Steve tucked his face in the side of Bucky’s neck.  “I hate that it works, that I’m like this,” he mumbled.  He nuzzled over Bucky’s scent glands and sighed, some tension leaving him.  “That’s just right,” Bucky said soothingly, running a palm from the nape of Steve’s neck down to his lower back.  “’S ok.”  Steve’s breathing evened out.  “You eaten yet today?” Bucky asked.  He felt Steve make a face in the side of his neck, and he chuckled.  “Alright.  Why don’t we lay down for a bit?  I wouldn’t mind a nap myself.”  He laid on his back and easily pulled Steve’s feverish body on top of him.  Steve wiggled his hips uncomfortably.  “You wanna get off?” Bucky asked.  Steve blushed, mortified.  “Jesus, Buck.”  Bucky tickled his skinny ribs, and Steve slapped him away.  “This is helping fine, ‘s not as bad as earlier,” he said.  “I’ll letcha know if I wanna kick you out.  Meantime,” he pulled one of Bucky’s arms on top of him, and Bucky pulled up the other automatically to encircle him, “you get to be my Bucky bear.”  Steve snorted, pleased at his joke.  “Sure thing, whatever makes you happy Stevie,” Bucky rumbled.  “You’re not so bad like this,” he mused.  “Kinda sweet, in a way.  For you, that is.”“Stevie?” Steve said flatly.“Mhm,” Bucky confirmed.  Steve groaned.   “Hush, more sleepin’,” Bucky chided.“Was I the one runnin’ my mouth?” Steve replied.  But he tucked his nose back into the side of Bucky’s neck and fell asleep, i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes/OMC

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Hurt/Comfort
Dom/sub
dubcon due to a/b/o
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Humiliation kink
Gentle Dom
Breeding Kink
repression kink
sad noises
Omega Steve Rogers
Beta Bucky
alpha prostitute
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective!Bucky
cum fetish probably
bucky's a good sort
Praise Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes/OMC

