Work Text:
For a moment Tony stared in disbelief at the door Fury and his red-headed little spy had just left through.
But he couldn’t deal with this shit right now, if there was actually something in Howard’s notes that could help him, he had to find it and he damn well would. After that, though…
And what the hell had they done to Jarvis to disable all communication?
He turned around to Coulson. “Please. First thing, I need a little bodywork. I’ll put in a little time at the lab. If we could send one of your goon squad down to The Coffee Bean, Cross Creek, for a Starbucks run, or something like that, that’d be nice.”
If he wanted to get anything done now, he needed coffee and lots of it. His poor kitchen was trashed after the party and fight last night and he was still hungover as fuck.
“I’m not here for that. I’ve been authorized by Director Fury to use any means necessary to keep you on premises. If you attempt to leave or play any games, I will tase you and watch Supernanny while you drool into the carpet. Okay?”
Okay? Did that bastard really just threaten him with a taser? As much as Tony wanted to throw him and his three buddies out the door right fucking now, he was suddenly very conscious of the fact that he was in the minority, his suit was downstairs, Jarvis seemed to be out of commission and could not help and apparently they had disabled any communication to the outside world. A cold shiver ran down his back and he swallowed. 
He needed to be careful for now, nearly dying of heart failure in his living room once had been enough, thank you very much. 
Making sure his face and tone gave nothing away, he replied. “I think I got it, yeah.”
Walking away, Coulson replied. “Enjoy your evening’s entertainment.”
##########################################
 
The first thing Tony did was head into the server room below his lab. What had these fuckers done to Jarvis? He needed to fix him immediately and find out how the hell they managed to disable him. 
After an hour of combing through protocols, files and lines and lines of code he found remnants of the virus that Stane had used and which had allowed SHIELD a weak spot to attack. Cursing at himself and his godfather, who even in death still managed to backstab him, Tony eradicated any last hint of that code and was done in minutes.
“Jarvis, are you there?” Tony asked, breath shaking slightly.
“I am indeed Sir. Thank you for your help in restoring my protocols. I am stilling running analysis on 36% of my code, but everything essential seems to be in order. Are you well, Sir? What happened?”
Hearing Jarvis’s soothing voice was like music to his ears. The first thing he would do, if he managed to find a cure for himself, was to give Jarvis’s servers and firewalls a major upgrade; no one would ever mess with him again!
“Check the security footage of the last hour, Jarvis.” The joke was on SHIELD for that. After his godfather had nearly killed him in his own living room, Tony had added several redundancies in his security, even sabotaging Jarvis hadn’t stopped the cameras or microphones from recording.
“I see. How do you wish to proceed Sir? Should I contact the local PD as well as SI legal?” Jarvis enquired, a sharp tone in his voice.
Now that he was back up and running, that cute little block SHIELD put up to stop him from communicating with the outside world crumbled to dust under Jarvis’s power.
 
Tony was no fool, he had had enough people trying to manipulate, seduce and use him over the years, he knew something was up the second Natalie had stepped into the ring with Happy. After the way she had dropped Happy on the mat and seeing her underwear pictures, he didn’t know how he was supposed to miss her being a honeypot? Seriously, who included half naked pictures to get hired into the legal department? Seeing as he had been well on his way to dying, he hadn’t actually cared all that much, he had been mostly curious what she was there for.
But now he was pissed. And SHIELD was going rue the day they decided to prey on him. Jabbing a needle into his neck without knowledge or consent? Their little cocktail could have reacted to anything else he had tried, and they had no fucking clue about any of it. Not to mention the stabbing of a needle into his jugular! But, hey what could go wrong, right?
Why did they have Howard’s research notes, decades after his death? What else had they decided he didn’t need to have or know about?
Then the break-in into his house, all these people crawling over his belongings and Coulson on top of it threatening him and sending him to his room like a misbehaving toddler.
And the one thing he could not, would not forgive was attacking Jarvis. How dare they? Wrong Move.
No, they were done and he would show them not to mess with him. No more Mr. Nice Guy. They seemed to be under the delusion that he was their doormat and he would just take all the crap they heaped on him. From now on they would get the Tony Stark that was feared in board
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
BAMF Tony Stark
SHIELD
SHIELD is shady as fuck
Awesome Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Not Iron Man 2 Compliant
Consequences
Civil War Team Iron Man
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 2
not SHIELD friendly

fandom: 
None
