Work Text:
 
 
“This is it,” Happy said.
 
Peter’s face was practically pressed against the glass of the car window as it had been for the past half an hour. It was rare that Peter came out of the city. The tall skyscrapers that Peter swung himself off daily were long gone, replaced by big trees and open space. A huge lake came into view along with a beautiful looking cabin.
 
The car came to a stop and Peter continued to stare at the picturesque scene in front of him. It wasn’t something that Peter would have associated with Tony Stark, but Peter could see the appeal. Opening the car door, Peter was met with a stillness and quietness that he had been searching for ever since he came back from the dead.
 
Peter was still struggling with the concept that he had been dead for five years. Nobody else seems to remember dying, of fading into ash but Peter did. He remembered how painful it was, how long it had taken as his body fought against and how he had begged Tony that he didn’t want to go. He remembered how scared he had been and how Tony had held him at he faded into nothing. His return had been so fast and being thrown straight back into battle again and nearly watching Tony die that Peter hadn’t been able to think about it at the time. Now, it’s all he seemed to be able to do.
 
Five years, he later learned. That’s how long he had been dead. Five years was enough for Pepper and Tony to get married and to move out of the city, for May and Happy to start a relationship and Peter to learn that they were living together. It had been an adjustment, one that Peter was trying really hard to get used to.
 
Peter liked Happy but the idea of him and his Aunt dating, of living together, it was huge for Peter. For him, it had only been nearly a year since Ben had passed away but for May it had been far longer, and she was ready to move on with her life.  Peter tried though and he thought he had been doing okay.
 
Apparently May and Happy didn’t think so and had contacted Tony and Pepper which is why Peter was now standing out the front of a cabin in the middle of the woods about to spend the weekend here.
 
“Mr. Stark lives here?” Peter asked, eyebrows raised as he glanced around.
 
“Don’t let the woods fool you,” Happy grunted as he closed his car door. “There is still plenty of technology out here.”
 
Peter grinned. He didn’t think Tony would ever totally go off the grid.
 
“It’s nice,” Peter scanned the area, eyes landing on a small play tent that was situated by the tree. He frowned. Happy slamming the car boot down drew Peter’s attention away from the tent and he quickly took his bags from Happy.
 
“Thanks,” Happy nodded. He looked to the house with a frown. “Thought we’d have more of a welcome party.”
 
“Maybe they didn’t hear us?” Peter suggested. “We should knock.”
 
Without waiting for Happy’s response, Peter made his way to the front door. Peter was too excited to see Tony again to wait. After the battle, Peter had been able to spend a brief moment with his mentor before the man was whisked away to deal with the aftermath of everything. Peter had been taken away to have his injuries looked at and to see if there were any effects of him coming back from the dead. They had both been busy to spend any more than ten minutes together and this was the first time since coming back that Peter would spend a whole weekend with his mentor.
 
Grinning at the thought, Peter knocked loudly on the door. “Mr. Stark! Miss Potts! It’s Peter.”
 
Straining his hearing, Peter frowned when he heard no movement inside the house.
 
“Peter?” Happy asked, joining him on the veranda.
 
“I don’t think anyone is home,” Peter dropped his bags and cautiously he moved to the closet window.
 
The curtains weren’t drawn, and Peter had a clear look into the house. There wasn’t a light switched on but there was enough natural light that Peter could the room clearly. Peter’s eyes were immediately drawn the toys scattered in the corner. They were bright and clearly belonged to a child and not something that Peter was expecting to see. Maybe Clint’s kids had left some toys here? He knew that the man had brought his family over as everyone, but Peter, had been to the Lake House.
 
“Hey Tony, where are you? I’ve got Peter here, but you aren’t home,” Happy said.
 
Peter pulled his gaze away from the window to find Happy at the front door, his phone pressed to his ear. While the man was distracted, Peter pulled completely away from the window and leapt off the veranda. It didn’t take him long to scale the side of the house and lift himself onto the roof. He searched for the closest window, half listening to Happy below as he spoke with Tony on the phone.
 
Peter peeked into the window and the world went silent. He blinked, staring at the room and his breath hitched. It was obvious that this room belong to a child. The size of the bed, the toys spread across the room and Peter got the feeling that it belonged to a little girl going off the colour sch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

freeform: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Mentioned May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Insecure Peter Parker
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Lives
Parent Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Fluff
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Fix-It
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Uncle Happy Hogan
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Adorable Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Kid Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark Friendship (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Cute Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Family
Family Feels
lake house
Mental Health Issues
Worried Tony Stark
Worried Happy Hogan
Worried Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

