Chapter 1: Playing Cards
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The Rogue Avengers had been in Wakanda for weeks, they knew that the whole accords thing was a cover for government agendas. It was only a matter of time till people realized it. Tony was wrong, they were right, it was always that way. Anything Tony got his hands on, he screwed up, leaving a mess that Steve had to clean up. Ultron for instance, or the accords, they’re both two good examples.	Their predictions were proved right when only a couple of days later, they all got pardons, the accords were still up, but once they were back, they could discredit them. They were wrong after all and it was just proved when it ripped apart the Avengers, when Tony, siding with the accords, ripped apart the team.	Steve was looking forward to meeting with Tony again, even after all he had put him through. Tony wasn’t one to admit mistakes, so Steve didn’t think that he would apologize right away. In fact, everybody in Wakanda had the same idea, leading to a little team get-together before they would go back.“We all know that Tony isn’t one to apologize for any mistakes he makes,” Steve stated, his disappointed look firmly in place, even though Tony wasn’t here to see it.Natasha nodded thoughtfully, thinking the problem through while Clint and Wanda made their opinions known. “Stark can’t put aside his ego for a second can he?” Clint angrily murmured. Wanda angrily added, “He killed my parents, he’s doing the bare minimum by letting us back.”Steve sympathized with Wanda, Tony had killed her parents and she had every right to be mad at him. She had also pointed out that this truly was the bare minimum that Tony could do, Steve sighed. At least Tony had put aside his petty grudges and did what was right for once.Natasha spoke up next, ”We all know that Stark’s gonna play hardball, he’ll try to disappear into his lab, we can’t let that happen, we have to talk it all out and put it behind us.” Steve nodded, Natasha’s training came in handy and she proved herself time and time again. She always attacked any situation, calmly, with a level head. She might have been on Tony’s side in the beginning, but she had figured out who was right and had joined them before it was too late. Steve had to give it to her, she had gotten an accurate read on Tony with that file all those years ago. Steve had trusted Tony when he should have been listening to Natasha. He would not make that mistake again.“When we get back, we have to make him realize that the accords are wrong,” Steve announced.“Yes, we will be needing Tony’s contacts if we want to take down Ross, we have to get him to see the truth,” Natasha added.“The only thing Stark’s ever been good for his money.” Clint snarked. “That’s not right Clint, he’s apart of this family.” Steve had shot back, but he couldn’t help but wonder if Clint had a point.“Anyway, we have to be alone with him. We have to convince him.” Natasha finalized confidently. Steve nodded, sure in their abilities. They went their separate ways to pack and get ready to fly back to the compound.During said flight, everybody was quivering in anticipation, ready to be home and see their families again. Wakanda had been nice, high tech and everything, but it wasn’t like the compound, it just didn’t have the same warm and homey atmosphere. “I can’t wait to shoot an arrow through the back of Stark’s head.” Clint smiled. Steve sighed, “Clint, even if Tony deserves it, we can’t, you heard Natasha, we need his contacts and money.” Clint rolled his eyes before huffing and turning away.Soon enough, the compound is within the Rogue’s sights, everybody smiled, it looked exactly how it did before they left, Tony, obviously, couldn’t forget about his family. Tony would never be able to get over the Rogue’s. He wouldn’t last a week without them, he would forget to eat and work till he passed out. He needed Steve to haul him up and enjoy time with everybody else, joke around with them, watch movies together. Steve couldn’t wait for all that to start happening again, it would, because Steve would make sure Tony made up for his mistakes and cleaned up his own mess. He would sit down and talk, make him see that he was not right, that he will never be right and it would just be so much easier if he joined Steve. Steve had more experience, he led the Howling Commandos for gods sakes! He has never been wrong, not once. Tony just had to understand that and accept it, everybody else had.The plane that the Rogues were on shivered from the impact of the landing and the door slowly opened. Steve straightened up and put on his best Captain America face, ready to plant himself like a tree and tell the world that he wouldn’t budge. Stepping onto the ramp, Steve realized that Tony wasn’t here, it was Rhodes with some sort of exoskeleton that allowed him to walk. He mentally sighed, his injury wouldn’t have had to happen had Tony just got
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
teamironman
not team Cap friendly
Steve Bashing
Wanda Bashing
Team Cap bashing
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Rogue avengers bashing
natasha romanov bashing
clint barton bashing
sam wilson bashing
Vengeful Tony Stark
Anti-Team Cap

fandom: 
None
