Work Text:
They said, once, that the gods made a perfect person. They were happy and whole – strong and able. They were so perfect that the gods became worried that they would soon take over the pantheon, and replace the selfish gods.So, in order to save themselves (and mostly because the gods were assholes) they split the perfect beings right down the middle, and left them in two parts. Pleased, but still butthurt, the gods then cast the two sides apart, worried that they would re-join and seek revenge on the gods for their punishment.But that was a long time ago, everyone knows – and it’s mostly just a kids story to keep people from going insane. No one actually meets their other half, because they don’t exist. James knows that. Knows it in his bones that the stories are just to stop people from going insane when they wake up with colourful marks on their skin, bruises or aches, the phantom pains or the whispering in your ear.They said, if you met your other half, it would stop. They said, if you never felt anything, that your other half was dead. James wished he never felt anything. He woke up each morning with livid bruises, his ribs hurt, his throat hurt. He ran a constant fever even though he was as healthy as a horse. His mom would fill him up with vitamins and good food and generally worried herself sick, because she believed. She honestly believed that out there, somewhere in the world, the other half of James was dying.James just wished they’d hurry up and get to it.Magical transformation, she’d whisper to him, as she read from the books scattered around his room. When you met your other half there was a magical transformation. You became perfect. Strong. Good.But James was already strong, despite his phantom fevers and illnesses. He was strong and broad and the best of all the boys he knew. When his mom talked about his magical transformation, and he rolled his eyes at her, despite running a temperature so high his brains were cooking, she’d kiss him on the head and say – “Well maybe you’ll get some goodness in you.”Because James wasn’t good.Oh no. James was (as most all of his teachers and really anyone with a lick of authority, really, could tell you) a little shit. He skipped school, he stole things, and he got into fights. He didn’t pray to the gods, he didn’t believe in the stories. He kissed all the girls and most of the boys and he never once bothered to look after himself so that his other half didn’t struggle. James figured it didn’t matter – if his other half existed (and he doubted that so strongly that his mom had stopped forcing him to go to church because he always ended up arguing with the priests) then the asshole never thought about how James suffered, so why should James care?Anyway, it wasn’t like it was real.
“When I meet my other half,” Natasha said, leaning back on the grass, the summer air crisp and brittle like it could only be in Russia, “I’m going to beat their ass so hard that they can’t walk for a month.” She’d been kept off school for a whole week because she’d woken up covered in lavender bruises. She’d missed her gymnastics tryouts – and was struggling to see the ‘good side’ of anything. “I mean it.” She said, glaring at the pale blue Russian sky like it had done her some wrong.
James shrugged. Natasha was like him in almost every way, but one: She believed. She was strong and angry and could beat most people at anything, just like him. Both of them were heading for great things, he knew. If they could just stop getting benched by phantom injuries – but she believed that somewhere out there, was her other half – and when she found them, she was going to beat the shit out of them.“It’s not like it’s even real.” James said, smirking. He’d been off school for three days – although he’d begged and pleaded with his mom to let him go to his wrestling match. With a bright purple ‘soul mate’ bruise over his jaw and an orange one almost going from his shoulder to his hip, the other parents had glared at his mom for letting James compete with his rainbow bruises. “You look like a fucking pride flag.” Natasha had teased him, but she couldn’t say a damn thing when she looked just as bad. Her bruises weren’t as bright as his, pastel colours – pinks and purples and a little more like regular bruises – but they clash terribly with her red hair.“It’s real.” She shot back, although there was no heat in it – they’d had this argument a million and five times, and they still didn’t agree. “He’s real.” She didn’t get the phantom sounds in her ears, the weird echoing of voices just out of reach like everyone else. It made her prickly sometimes, angry: Like her connection to her other half wasn’t as strong as it should be. Not as strong as James who could almost make out words, sometimes jerking awake in the middle of the night to a shout that wasn’t real. She didn’t tell her mom and dad that she couldn’t hear anything, just pretended – but she told James one night when they’d shoplifted a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Soul Bond
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Greek Mythology - Freeform
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

