Work Text:
Darcy is excited about this whole Avengers thing, of course she is – it’s a team of super heroes, and one of them is a god, and it’s kind of a bonus that they’re all hot as hell, a real life movie crashing into the vague stability she’d built around her life after that whole thing with Thor. It’s awesome, and she’s pleased for Jane. This is an amazing opportunity for Jane.She’s just kind of bummed that it means she’s probably going to have to go back to being plain old Darcy, back to being broke and living off ramen and trying to find another job. Every time she turns on the TV these days, she hears about the job market and how terrible it is. She’s trying not to let the thought get her down, but she’s hardly optimistic, either. If she winds up waiting tables like she did in her freshman year of college she thinks she might have a break down, especially considering the year she’s had. Hit a god with a taser one day, serve up cheap coffee the next; it’ll suck if that’s what it comes down to, she’s sure of that much.Darcy is resigned to it, though, her happy and pleased for you and totally not jealous smile fixed in place when she next sees Jane, and so she thinks the, “Holy shit, you’re not even kidding me, what?” when Jane tells her they’ve got a new assistant position open for her with the guys at SHIELD is justified. Darcy can’t even remember what SHIELD stands for, had kind of zoned out a bit when it became apparent there would be people way more qualified than she was to help Jane out with her studies and research, but she is more than willing to work for them. It beats anything else she might find on her own.Super heroes and secret government agencies and Tony Stark, and a job where she even has to dress kind of professionally, which means almost a whole new wardrobe for her now, and her very own, crazy-roommate free apartment. Darcy’s life is looking awesome.Then Agent Coulson shows her a picture of a seriously buff guy and says, “This is Steve Rogers. He’s been incapacitated for a number of years. You were a political science major, you’re up to scratch on pop culture and history and technology, aren’t you?”Darcy holds up her iPhone and grins, tilting her head to the side like she’s acting in a commercial. “Way up to scratch, boss. The scratchiest.” Agent Coulson sort of terrifies her in the way she’s terrified of the government itself, as a faceless entity which would probably throw her in jail if they knew how many songs she’s illegally downloaded over the past few years, which means she sort of acts up around him to try and prove to herself that he doesn’t.“You can get him up to date, then,” Agent Coulson says.“Uh huh,” Darcy agrees. She’s looking back down at the picture. “I’ll get him way up to date.”Agent Coulson gives her an odd look. “You’ll be given a file on his history soon,” he tells her, and he sounds so official, as always, that she doesn’t bother asking any other questions. - Darcy is kind of regretting not asking any questions. She didn’t realise just how many years this Steve Rogers guy had been incapacitated for, as Coulson had so evasively put it, and she’s got her whole new wardrobe, black skirts of Jane-approved length and tights with no ladders, but even that hasn’t quite prepared her for trying to give a history of the world to an extremely confused, kind of distractingly hot dude from the 40s who is also, as it turns out, Captain America. She spent an hour last night digging through all her old crap at home to find her text books from school, and Steve’s still just frowning down at them spread out on the table between them like he doesn’t trust what he’s seeing.It’s day two, and mostly Darcy thinks all she’s managed to teach this guy so far is that she’s probably not cut out to be a teacher. She sighs. “Look, I’m gonna be level with you here, okay? Uh, Captain – Steve.”He gives her a wan smile. “You can call me Steve, Darcy. It’s fine.”“Right. Steve.” She takes her glasses off and puts them down on top of one of the open text books, rubbing her nose. “I’ve never taught anyone anything before. Except maybe girls in the grade below me how to sneak alcohol into places when I was senior, but that’s – that’s not relevant,” she finishes quickly, wincing at the blank look he’s giving her. “I mean, they’ve got me trying to fill you in on all this stuff because I’m the youngest, I guess, and closest to the culture or whatever. But I’ve been a student, and Jane’s assistant, and that’s about it. I’ve never taught.”Steve places a hand on her shoulder, just briefly. It’s a very large hand, she notes. “It’s not you, Darcy. I just feel like I haven’t been here long enough to adjust yet, that’s all. It’s all… it’s overwhelming, everything.”“I bet,” Darcy says, although she can’t even imagine what it must be like. “A lot to take in, right? Thor was kind of the same when he first crashed down to earth. You know I was there with Jane, right, we found him, you’ve heard about that?” He n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
First Time
Friends With Benefits

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

