Chapter 1: Peter Parker: Picked
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter sat in his chemistry class, wide awake for once. It was the last class of the year. In just an hour and a half, the entire school would be released for summer break, and the excitement was palpable. Mr. Harrington sat behind his desk, very aware that he had no control of his students.Peter chatted excitedly to Ned about the video games coming out during the summer and the lego models they wanted to build. MJ had her nose buried in Anne of Green Gables, a supposedly feminist novel that Peter knew was MJ’s guilty pleasure. It was turning into a perfect day. Suddenly, MJ spoke.“Incoming, bird brains.”Mr. Harrington had gotten up and was walking toward them. Peter tried to remember if he’d done anything bad recently. He didn’t think so.Mr. Harrington arrived at the back of the classroom and leaned against the wall. “Any plans for this summer, Parker?”“None, sir.” Other than Spider-Man duties, of course “You’re too smart to be doing nothing.” That was unexpected.“Well, I’m sure I’ll tinker around with some computers.” MJ rolled her eyes. He had built her a computer just last week. He’s such a dweeb.Mr. Harrington paused. He had come over here for a reason, but he had expected Peter to have an internship or something. Time for plan B. “I have connections at Stark Industries. Would you be interested in an internship?”“Yes.” Peter didn’t even think. He had connections at Stark industries too, but somehow he didn’t think they would ever lead to a real internship. “Good. It’s 25 hours a week, 5 hours a day. You work at the tower 9am to 2pm week days. You’ll get an email today.” Mr. Harrington actually looked happy as he walked back to his desk. Ned stared at Peter. “Did that just happen?”MJ put her book down and picked up her notepad. She started sketching Peter. “Everybody who’s anybody knows that Mr. Harrington knows Bruce Banner from college.”“You’re the only one that knows that.” Peter was about to have a heart attack.“Obviously,” Sometimes MJ was annoyingly good at setting him up.“Well apparently I am somebody,” Peter said in awe as he watched Mr. Harrington pick up his phone.Mr. Harrington whispered into the receiver so that no one could hear him. Peter took out the small ear plugs that he usually used in the loud school. Sometimes super hearing was super inconvenient, but at times like these, he felt lucky to have it.“Bruce, I found one for you. He’s on your level. Just give him some training, and he’ll be perfect. Thanks.”Peter was about to be in for the summer of his life.




Notes:

There are some AU differences, so I’ll just give an overview here if you are interested.- Civil War Discussions are going on and there is no Thanos-Homecoming is still unaltered other than there being no internship cover story. Aunt May still knows Peter’s identity.-Peter and MJ are dating and she knows he is Spider-Man-Bruce Banner and Thor are on earth, but neither of them got involved in Civil WarIf I missed anything, you can put it in the comments. Thanks!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Roger Harrington & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Roger Harrington
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Intern Peter Parker
Genius Peter Parker
Genius Tony Stark
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Protective Bruce Banner
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Interns & Internships
Teen Peter Parker
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pre-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Bruce Banner Feels
Bruce Banner Has Issues
Poor Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has Issues
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Genius Bruce Banner
BAMF Peter Parker
Fluff
Light Angst
Friendship
Mentor/Protégé
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Roger Harrington & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Roger Harrington
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

