Chapter 1: Personal assisstant
    




Chapter Text
“So, let me get started on the monthly stats.”Peter looked back at the people present in the room, each of their eyes fixed on him. He felt a shiver down his spine, no doubt in his mind about the thoughts in their head. Tony, Steve, Bucky, Thor, and Stephen Strange were all lounging around the round table, their attention of the young man presenting and hopefully, that attention would last the whole hour Peter was expected to present. The Avengers initiative, a mafia/black market ring was doing very well with its business. Their clients were happy and their opposition was bought out or dead. Either way, it ended well for them. But just like any other company, there were monthly meetings where they needed to go over the numbers. While this normally would not be the job of the assistant, Peter was an exception. The five men leering at him made that very clear right from the start. Peter had to admit, it felt good to have the attention of the five heads of the company.But he should have known that the attention wouldn’t last. He was just fifteen minutes into the report when the chaos started. “Take off your pants,” Bucky ordered, licking his lips. Peter felt himself blush, the blood rushing down to his nether regions.“Not now, I need to finish this.”“I promise I’ll pay more attention if your ass is out.”Peter pouted and sent Bucky a half-assed glare, “Pay attention and you can do whatever you want to me after this is over.”Tony chimed in, “We were going to do that anyway, baby boy. Since when did you start giving out orders?”Peter felt a shiver go up his spine. He always loved it when Tony got dominant. “Not ordering...just negotiating.” he tried to defend. “Are you in a position to negotiate when you’ve got a hard-on?” Thor asked, his eyes trailed to Peter’s poorly concealed, slowly rising erection. The younger boy yelped and tried to cover himself, but it was too late now. Everyone was starting to get riled up and it would be next to impossible for them to get back on track. Or that would have been the case if Steve hadn’t intervened. “It is an important presentation, we do need to focus on it.”“Like anyone can focus with an ass like that,” Bucky said, his eyes glued to Peter’s behind. “I know,” Steve continued, “So how about a reward system?”“Reward system?”“Yeah. We let Peter present for ten minutes after which, we get him to do something for one of us, and we repeat it every ten minutes.”The men raised their eyebrows, mulling it over. “Sounds fair.” Stephen said, “What do you think, Peter?”The younger one thought about it, “..Fine. But I get to ask the one I pick a question to make sure you’re paying attention. If you get it wrong, you wait for the next ten minutes with no reward.”With everyone agreeing to the terms, Peter continued with his presentation. Ten minutes had passed and the men demanded their reward. Peter furrowed his brow before calling on Bucky and asking him a question, which the man answered correctly. His eyes trailed up and down Peter’s body before he said, “Take off your underwear.”Bucky had a thing for having Peter partially nude. If Peter had chosen to wear a skirt today, that order would have been more rewarding, but this was a close second. He always loved the feeling of cupping Peter’s ass or balls and not finding any resistance other than the pants. Peter cocked his head to the side, thinking it through. “Are you sure?” he teased, “Cause I’m wearing the thong you guys bought me. Would be a shame to remove it now~”That brought Tony to attention. His hand shot out and grabbed Peter’s ass, the other one started to fondle his cock. Peter bit back a moan as he stood still, allowing Tony’s fingers to wander his privates, his fingers tracing the skimpy clothing. “He’s telling the truth.” he announced, “Then we’re not removing his underwear, pick something else.”Bucky clicked his tongue but even he could understand the appeal of seeing Peter in a thong, “Fine. Then, uh, take off your pants.”Peter complied, unbuttoning his pants before he yanked them down. What the others didn't realize was that Peter’s shirt was a bit too big for him, which resulted in his ass being covered by the cloth. The men cursed, pissed that they were missing Peter’s body in a thong, but they just needed to be patient. Twenty minutes go by and Peter was finally clothed only in the thong (He argued that the jacket and the shirt counted as two different articles of clothing, an argument that almost made Steve and Tony bend him over and spank him to submission).All of their eyes were dancing over him like vultures eager to pounce on their prey. Peter had to fight off the urge to cover himself up, a task that was proving difficult to do with how intensely they were looking at him. Peter knew he looked good in a thong. The skimpy cloth emphasized his round ass and his erection pushing against it only made it tighter, which made his body look even more delectable. Pete
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Gratuitous Smut
Precious Peter Parker
Peter is a Little Shit
Cock Slut
Slut Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Sub Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Stephen Strange
Top Thor (Marvel)
Top Clint Barton
Top Bucky Barnes
Female Peter Parker
Gay
Gay Sex
Everyone Is Gay
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Sex Toys
Semi-Public Sex
Public Sex
Phone Sex
Daddy Kink
Praise Kink
Size Kink
Crossdressing Kink
Humiliation
Spanking
Dom Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Dom Thor (Marvel)
Dom Clint Barton
Face-Fucking
Fucking
Threesome - F/M/M
Threesome - M/M/M
Foursome - M/M/M/M
Foursome - F/M/M/M
Gangbang
Orgy

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark/Thor

