Work Text:
The halls of the palace were quiet and deserted as Thor wandered them. It wasn’t often that he couldn’t sleep, but on those nights—like tonight—he found that simply walking soothed him, if not tired him out enough to get a few hours of sleep in. He frequently wandered to different parts of palace he didn’t visit during the day, or didn’t see without multitudes of people around.The mead halls were cavernous spaces, eerie when empty, and his footsteps echoed back at him in the quiet. Places of joy and revelry were now unnaturally silent and still. The kitchens, with their banked fires, warm and close despite their size. The lingering scents of hundreds, thousands, millions of meals hanging in the air, and if he were lucky, loaves of fresh bread or still-warm pies set out on sideboards. The library, too, he ventured into, the smell of leather and parchment oddly comforting. And with no one around, he felt free to indulge his curiosity and poke through tomes he would have never have looked at in the daylight.His favorite place to go, though he didn’t go often, was the throne room. As always, a pair of guards stood before the great doors, and they greeted their prince silently with nods of their heads. Thor dismissed them with a casual wave, and they went. The halls were safe and secure, and they stood vigil more out of custom than from any true need, so they were quick to comply with Thor’s wordless request for privacy. Thor pushed the doors open, the solids slabs of metal yielding silently on well-oiled hinges to his prodigious strength.A handful of torches burned at intervals, bathing the great room in a dim glow, except near the throne itself, where extra torches were always lit. Thor smiled to himself. It had been decreed long ago that never should the throne of Asgard be bathed in shadow, and so ancient magic ensured that the torches that burned there would never darken. They had cast their warm, flickering, smokeless light continually ever since, for as long as Thor could remember.He approached the throne at an angle. Though he’d never admit, walking directly up to it, gazing at the planes and angles of hammered gold set high on the dais intimidated him, just a bit, even without his father seated there. He mounted the steps of the dais from the side, the thick leather soles of his boots tapping softly against the stone, until he stood next to the throne. It was nothing more than a chair, really. A grand chair, a glorious chair, true, but with no power other than what it represented. Yet it was the most coveted seat in Asgard.As if the throne was what bestowed power. As if anyone could sit there and be king simply because they did so.Thor reached out to run reverent fingers over the detailed surface. His father’s throne. For years, he’d watched his father deliver both incredible and terrible things from this place. Odin was strong enough, wise enough to sit here and rule well. And someday, Thor would follow him. Once he may have thought himself ready for that, but he knew better now. He was no longer quite so arrogant and foolhardy as he’d once been, but he knew he still had many years to go before he was ready to assume the throne. There would be many trials yet before his father judged him fit.Still….He glanced around the throne room, even though he knew no one was watching, and slipped onto the throne. The metal was cool through his clothes, and the seat was surprisingly comfortable. Perhaps not after hours of sitting in it, but it was just fine for these brief, occasional times.Thor sat back, lays his arms along the edges, allowing his hands to curl over the ends. They were the perfect length. Easing back a bit more, he braced his legs slightly apart and sat up straight. He felt powerful up here. Moreover, it felt right. A small smile crept across his face as he enjoyed the private illusion that he actually was king.“I would say it looks good on you, but that wouldn’t be quite right, now would it?”The quiet voice startled Thor, and he jerked to attention, looking down and to the right as Loki padded silently out of the shadows. A flush rose on his cheeks and then spread down his neck at having been caught. But Loki didn’t mock him. Instead he just looked at Thor, his head cocked slightly to one side, and odd expression on his face.“I was just…you know….” Thor trailed off, gesturing vaguely with his hands. Loki smiled slightly.“I know,” he replied, traces of humor coloring his voice. He stepped closer, coming more fully into the soft light. “As I was saying, it suits you. You look good on it, Thor.”Another few steps forward, until he stood at the very bottom of the stairs looking up at his brother. “Not as good as you do on my cock, but still.”Thor gasped, his eyes flying open wide and darting toward the doors. Shut, and no one else was in the room. But for Loki to have uttered the words out loud, in the throne room. “Loki,” he hissed. “You shouldn’t—”“Be still, Thor,” Loki murmured, coming up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

