Work Text:
  It’s May who reminds him. Peter bounds out of bedroom, dressed and ready for the day at school. He grins when he sees a plate of eggs and toast already waiting for him on the kitchen table and he slips into his seat, tossing May a thankful smile. “Thanks Aunt May! This is great.” “That’s okay,” May said and Peter looks up at the cautious way she speaks. She’s looking at him with a hesitant smile on her face a mug of coffee in her hands. She’s smiling but it’s not her usual smile and makes something twist in Peter’s stomach. “May?” Peter asked. “Did you want to go to school today?” May asked carefully. Peter blinks, wondering if May was asking him a trick question. It was definitely a school day (a quick look at his phone confirming that it’s only Tuesday). Peter wracked his mind for a solution as to why May would ask him if he wanted to go to school but he was coming up blank. “Ummm,” Peter hummed, looking around wildly for some sort of clue. “You can,” May said gently and patient. “If you want to. How about a half day? We could go visit your parents grave this morning and I can take you to have your afternoon classes?” May’s words feel like someone has dropped a bucket of ice water over his head. His body goes cold and he stares at the plate of food in front of him. Today was the anniversary of his parent’s death. They day that he had come to live with May and Ben all those years ago. He had forgotten. How could he have forgotten his parent’s death anniversary? Every year, Peter woke up like clock on the day and simply laid in bed. He never felt like eating, grief always making his stomach feel like lead. May and Ben had always let him sleep in and take his time getting up on the day. No wonder May had been looking at him funny. How could he forget something so important? “Peter?” May asked carefully. “I don’t want to go,” Peter said automatically, staring blankly at his plate. “Okay,” May soothed. “I’ll call the school and let them know.” Peter stood up and slunk back to his room, leaving his untouched breakfast behind.  He closed the door behind him with a soft click and his body shuddered. He half listened to May talking on the phone as he sunk back onto his bed. His eyes drifted to the photo on his wall and he swallowed thickly. It was a picture of his parents, taken not to long before they had died. They were dressed in fancy clothes, on their way to something important that Peter couldn’t remember now. He frowned, searching his memories for the event they had been heading to but no matter how hard he tried, he just couldn’t remember. Before the panic could settle in, his door was opening and May peeked her head in. “I’ll just get dressed and then did you want to head over?” “Yeah,” Peter mumbled, giving a tiny nod. “Okay,” May said. “I won’t be long. Do you want to text Ned, let him know you won’t be in?” Peter nodded again, slipping his phone out of his pocket. May gave a small sigh before she closed the door, leaving Peter to stare blankly at his phone and feeling like the worse person in the world.  “Peter! Focus,” Steve called out across the training room. Tony watched as Peter gave a silent nod, pulling himself off the mat where Steve had managed to knock him down yet again. It wasn’t unusual for Peter, or any of them, to get knocked down during training, but Peter seemed to be spending more time on his back then on his feet making Tony very concerned. He knew that Peter should have been able to see that hit coming a mile away. He had seen Peter literally dodge bullets and yet today he could barely catch Steve’s punches. “What’s going on with the kid?” Natasha asked, appearing at Tony’s side. “I have no idea,” Tony said, not surprised that someone else had picked up on the fact that Peter was not his normal self. It was troubling to see and yet Tony had no idea what was going on with the Kid. May had eluded that Peter may not be his normal self but he thought it was just teenage angst, but this was a whole new level. “Talk to him,” Natasha said. “If he’s not concentrating here then he’s not on patrols. He could hurt himself.” Tony nodded with agreement, well aware that Peter wasn’t doing great on his patrols thanks to Karen’s alerts. He knew that Peter was sporting several bad bruises and what was worse, he didn’t even seem to hide them like he usually would from Tony. He had thought that a training session with the Avengers would help bring out whatever funk Peter was in but clearly it had been a mistake. Tony winced at the loud bang, watching as Peter simply laid on the mat, Steve frowning above him. “Peter?” Steve asked. “I’m fine,” Peter said almost robotically and climbed to his feet again. “I’m ready. Go.” “No,” Steve shook his head. “Time for a break.” “Okay,” Peter agreed easily. Steve turned to Tony, shooting him a concerned frown. “Kid,” Tony called, waiting until Peter was looking at him to continue. “Come here.” Peter strolled over, the eyes of the mask blinking at Tony e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is a Mess
Anniversary
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker parents are dead
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional
Concerned Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

