Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 


The Asset

You cannot kill the Hydra. Cut off one head and two more will take its place.So the Asset had been told over and over again. Even without the mindwipes and the torture, the brainwashing had been perfect in that regard – deep down, he'd been hardwired to know that Hydra would always exist, long after the Asset had outlived its usefulness.They had made it very clear that he was useful to them, though, so the Asset knew his disappearance wouldn't go unnoticed. Nor unpunished. He had a vague memory of returning late after a mission due to unforeseen weather in the Altai Mountains. His handlers had believed he'd run again. The pain from the punishment that followed still reverberated in his bones, even in cryo sleep and after countless clean-slate wipes. After all the tests of endurance, after all the injuries sustained on missions, and the pain that came with the new programming, that pain still stood out.He wasn't yet aware of a lot of things, but he knew, deep down, that he'd do anything to never, ever experience that kind of pain again. Awareness didn't come easy, awareness hurt, but even the slivers he experienced now made him not want to give up on it again. That meant running from Hydra.He was outrunning them for the moment, but he didn't know for how much longer. For the first time, the Asset experienced fatigue. On missions, he'd been fresh out of cryo sleep, rested, ready, pumped full of steroids. If his body threatened to fail after all, there had been enough amphetamines and painkillers in a syringe integrated into his metal arm that Hydra could get him back on his feet with the push of one button. He was out of cryo for three weeks now and his stash of amphetamines was depleted. Despite Zola's serum, he wasn't healing as fast as he had with the chemically induced rest. He was growing tired and slow and it unsettled him. The Asset didn't know how to feel these things, didn't remember experiencing them. After the wipes, it had been drilled into him again and again. No pain, no fatigue, no hunger, no cold, for him, there was nothing but the mission.The mission had become blurred, though, images of previous missions superimposing, the original mission directive weakening with the cracks in his armor Captain America had caused.Captain America.The Asset had read the file on him. He'd been to the exhibit at the Smithsonian. He'd seen the pictures of the man Captain America had once called his best friend. Captain America had called him by that name and it had opened a floodgate that had washed away parts of his programming, washed away the simplicity of following orders and left behind a mess of disjointed flashes of memory and feelings that the Asset hadn't experienced in 70 years.James Buchanan Barnes. Bucky.The nickname tasted wrong when he tried it in the dark Washington alley where he finally collapsed. It still tasted wrong weeks later.
 


Steve

They hadn't even left his books alone.It was that which hurt the most, though he could trace the hurt easily enough, since the books were among the first things he'd bought for himself after he was given his own place by SHIELD. Most everything else was provided.Steve ran his gaze over the wreckage of his apartment, taking in overturned furniture, smashed mugs and his torn apart record player. Books with their spines cut open, torn out leaves fluttering in the light draft coming in through the open door. A hole in the wall behind his reading chair. The now brown and dried stains of Nick's blood on the beige carpet. Three slugs, but just one hole. Bucky had always been a precise shooter."Looks like somebody had a party here," a familiar voice behind him said.Steve flinched and looked over his shoulder to find Sam standing in the doorway. He seemed a little wide-eyed at the amount of damage done to Steve's place."About the only thing that annoys me is that the letters I received from kids after the exhibit opened are gone." When Sam started to smile, no doubt thinking that the kid's fanmail must be stroking his ego, Steve added, "I hadn't got around to answering them. The rest," he shrugged and indicated the apartment. "Most of it was provided by SHIELD anyway." He'd bought enough things on his own as well, but none of them held any real sentimental value except for a picture of him and Natasha and a postcard from Bruce that he'd miss, but he wasn't ready to tell Sam about them.Sam clapped a hand on his shoulder, squeezing, hard and sympathetic, just once. "Well, in that case you can come and help me pack."Steve frowned and turned to him. "What?""Think you're moving alone?" Sam said, narrowing his eyes at Steve."Sam – ""Don't give me that look. I told you I'm in this with you, man. I know you haven't known me all that long, but I tend to mean what I say."Steve shifted, feeling uncomfortable in the face of what Sam was giving up for him. "But your work here – ""There are VA groups in New York as well. Besides," he shru
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Eating Disorder
Vomiting
Past Torture
Semi-Graphic Surgery Descriptions
Friendship
Domestic
Recovery
Cooking
Food
Happy Ending
Post-The Winter Soldier
Natural Death of a Canon Character
Drama
Angst
Team
chosen family
Hurt/Comfort
Action
HYDRA sucks
Not Everything Gets Fixed
First Kiss
Slow Burn
UST
RST
Medical Prodecures (consented to)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

