Chapter 1



Notes:
Italics are Peter's thoughts

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Evolution does not happen to individuals in nature. It’s a gradual process that takes many generations. The best an individual can hope for is having some weirdo genetic trait that gives them an advantage over everyone else or they learn to adapt with what they have. Peter Parker liked to think he’s doing the best he can with his genetic differences and his knack for adaptation. Things change for him a lot. Once he had a house and a set of parents, then it was an apartment with an uncle and an aunt. Then only an aunt and a smaller apartment. And now he’s back to a house. Funny how that works. Things change all the time in nature and those that can adapt gradually evolve as a species. Peter’s probably not a new species though. He could most likely interbreed with a human and produce fertile offspring. Probably. Not that he wants to try that out. Especially now. Okay. Enough of the 2:00am thoughts. Peter rolled over to reposition himself on his hammock of webbing to face the phone that was dangling in the air, also suspended by a web. When he unlocked it, the time read four in the morning and he moaned. Only three hours until he had to be up for school. Sometime later there was a knock on the front door. Peter groaned and saw he still had an hour and a half before he usually got up, but he knew he should take the business. He jumped out of his silken hammock and crawled down the wall where his staircase was supposed to be. Peter took a deep breath, undid most of the locks, and opened the door slightly. A medium sized round man stood on Peter’s porch. He immediately knew the type of person the man was. “I don’t fix weapons.” The man shifted but kept a twitching smile on his face. “I’m not here for that. I need this fixed.” The twitchy man held up a gaming system and a broken remote. “My boy was a little too hard on it after he lost a game,” he laughed.His spider senses weren’t going off, so it was likely he had no ill intent. Peter looked the man up and down but didn’t let himself relax. “When do you need it finished by?”“As soon as you can. My boy is very unhappy that he broke it and I figured you’re cheaper than a new one.”“I usually am. Give me a moment to set up.” When Peter started to live here, he tried to remain as unnoticed as possible so no one would bother him or turn him into social services. Thankfully, the house was seen as too damaged for other homeless people to squat in and there were plenty of other dwellings on the block for people like drug users and dealers to do their business in. There was fire damage all over the kitchen, particularly the floors, and it also destroyed the staircase.  As time went on, Peter started bringing home more and more electronics, mostly old and broken stuff that no one wanted and started fixing them up for fun. It was something to do between school and Spiderman and kept his skills and mind sharp. It started becoming more of a business when one of the local children wanted to see what he did all day. After a small lecture about talking to strangers and entering their homes, Peter showed her some of his schoolwork and things he’s built. Sometime later, the young girl came back with her wary mother who needed her old phone repaired so she could work. And from then on news started to spread that the kid living in the burned-out house can repair any electronics.   It was a decent way to get by and he definitely preferred it over cage fighting. A few people gave him money for his services, others bartered, and some provided him food or a mixture of the three. The only two things he didn’t take in were drugs and most weapons. He’d only take weapons if they were interesting, like alien technology or wild creations. Someone offered him a homemade flamethrower once, and how could you say no to that?  Unfortunately, such skills don’t go unnoticed by bigger fish forever. “My boss’ offer still stands, you know? You could be out of this dump by tonight.” The place is a dump, but it's home. The front room was his workspace with a couple tables set up that had various machine parts scattered about and a dark green stained coach for his ‘clients’ to sit in while he worked. It allowed a few feet of separation between him and the random people he let in his house.Peter hummed as he tinkered at his workbench. Every so often people come by to try to recruit him for whatever (most likely illegal) operation they were trying to do. While Peter didn’t particularly remember this man from the others, the answer was always the same. “I know, and I have to decline. Thank you though.” The mechanics inside were just shifted a bit and he had to rearrange some things, but the console would live again. “I have a relationship with Stark Industries.”The man lit a cigarette. Rude. “Seems like a bad relationship.”“Sometimes,” Peter said with a small smile, but kept
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
spiderson
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
after civil war
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Mentioned Skip Westcott
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Homelessness
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Father-Son Relationship
Spider Behaviors
Spider Features
fangs
Venom (like for spiders)
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Alcoholic Tony Stark
alcohol recovery
recovery in general
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Orphan Peter Parker
General Spiderman References
Tony&Peter - Freeform

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

