Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Looking for Conpanionship: Community Board. This was a fun idea I had for how Harry’s last year should have went. Please review.
Daphne Greengrass: Sydney SweeneyHarry Potter was in his final year at Hogwarts and a lot had changed since the war had ended. Killing Voldemort had more implications than he could have possibly imagined. Not only was he a war hero who got a Order of Merlin but he also got the bounty attached to his head from the ICW which was in the millions of galleons. On top of that he also got a share of the riches the Ministry seized from the dark families. With all of his new added wealth in addition to the Black and Potter fortunes he was probably the richest wizard in the world. Normally being rich wouldn’t be a problem but it came at a time when Hogwarts was going through a phase that preyed on his new wealth. When they arrived at Hogwarts Headmistress McGonagall introduced a new idea to eliminate house rivalries. In every common room there was a board that was connected to all of the others where you can post personal ads for friendship. That’s not to say that’s what it was used for. It quickly devolved to girls posting personal ads to find boyfriends which then led to some girls wanting to earn extra money by selling themselves. The girls selling themselves were from recently bankrupted dark families. Headmistress McGonagall gave Harry the Head Boy pin and gave him a special request to try to befriend everyone he could. One night he didn’t have any homework while Ron and Hermione were having a date night and he decided to check the board. One ad caught his eye and it read. Lonely Slytherin needs some companionship.
Bring some galleons to buy a treat.
7th floor empty classroom at the end of the hall
Come alone 1 on 1 onlyThis was Harry’s first time looking at the board and he didn’t understand why it was so vague. No name or interests to give him an idea of what this person was like. ‘Maybe it’s just a Slytherin thing? Always so secretive at least they are reaching out to make friends.’ Harry changed into a plain T-shirt and jeans before sticking his galleon pouch in his pocket. It was linked to his vault so he always had enough money for anything that popped up. Harry made his way to the classroom thinking of what he would say. In the last month he has had to make friends with a lot of new people and he tried to make everyone feel special. When he opened the door to the classroom he was shocked seeing multiple lit candles around the room and a massive round bed in the center of the room. “Umm Hello I am responding to the ad on the board.” Daphne Greengrass was waiting the small room attached to the classroom peeking through the crack of the door for who answered her ad. She was pleasantly surprised Harry Potter walked in the only thing she could think was ‘Jackpot’. Harry potter was the richest wizard in Hogwarts what a great opportunity to make some quick cash. She had only done this twice before and didn’t make as much money as she wanted. Which led to Tracey fixing her “Menu” and Potter was the first to see what she was now offering. Harry sat on the bed waiting for the person he was supposed to meet. Part of him wanted to leave and forget about what he saw but on the other hand he was genuinely curious to see where this would go. He was so in his head he didn’t hear the door open as Daphne came out from her hiding spot. As Daphne walked into the room she was a little disappointed he didn’t look in her direction. “Potter!”That snapped him out of his thoughts and he stood up flustered almost reaching for his wand in reflex. “Daphne I saw you were lonely and wanted to offer my services as a friend.”Daphne let out a laugh, “That’s what I am here for Potter. Do you not know how this works?” His naive attitude might have been cute normally but she didn't want to waste time with someone who wasn't going to pay. Harry looked around, “No I have no idea how this works. I thought it would be some talking while sharing sweets.”Daphne let out a sigh while taking a seat next to Harry on the bed, “Most of our housemates are broke. They lost all their wealth as punishment for supporting the wrong side. Their dads are in Azkaban and they need money to survive and can sell the only thing they got.” At least it was the only thing she had and she didn’t want Astoria to have to sell herself. This was the only way she could make money while she was in Hogwarts. She got the idea from another Slytherin witch who was working every night and was quite smug about all the money she was making. Harry suddenly felt a huge wave of guilt hit him. He didn’t think that the daughters should have to be punished because their dads were on the wrong side. “Is there anything I can do to help you girls?”Daphne waved her wand and summoned her menu from the other room. “The way you can help is use my services and if you like me I wouldn’t say no to a tip.” When she saw Harry was her customer she 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Harry Potter
Pansy Parkinson/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Madam Rosmerta
Luna Lovegood/Harry Potter
Susan Bones/Harry Potter
Tracey Davis/Harry Potter
Tracey Davis/Daphne Greengrass
Tracey Davis/Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Narcissa Black Malfoy/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Septima Vector
Cho Chang/Su Li/Harry Potter
Flora Carrow/Hestia Carrow/Harry Potter
Lavender Brown/Harry Potter
Parvati Patil/Harry Potter
Daphne Greengrass/Luna Lovegood
Cho Chang/Harry Potter
Astoria Greengrass/Harry Potter
Astoria Greengrass/Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Astoria Greengrass/Luna Lovegood
Gabrielle Delacour/Harry Potter
Katie Bell/Harry Potter
Gabrielle Delacour/Astoria Greengrass
Gabrielle Delacour/Daphne Greengrass

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Large Breasts
Body Worship
Blow Jobs
Prostitution
Forced Prostitution
Glory Hole
Anonymous Sex
Writing on Skin
Butt Plugs
Butt Slapping
Vibrators
Large Cock
Cock Slut
Ass Play
Cunnilingus
Anal Gaping
Come Marking
Porn
Bartenders
Reluctant Harry Potter
Prostitution Roleplay
Spanking
Relationship(s)
Come Swallowing
Come Eating
Size Difference
Penis Size
Size Kink
Mommy Issues
Unhealthy Relationships
Oil
Face-Fucking
Face-Sitting
Punishment
Corporal Punishment
Cock & Ball Torture
Cock Bondage
Teacher-Student Relationship
Older Woman/Younger Man
Deepthroating
Come Inflation
Arranged Marriage
Cheating
Double Penetration
Sibling Incest
Threesome - F/F/M
Double Anal Penetration
Strap-Ons
Loss of Virginity
Massage
Pregnancy
Pregnancy Kink
Whipping
Genderswap
Gangbang

fandom: 
Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Harry Potter
Pansy Parkinson/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Madam Rosmerta
Luna Lovegood/Harry Potter
Susan Bones/Harry Potter
Tracey Davis/Harry Potter
Tracey Davis/Daphne Greengrass
Tracey Davis/Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Narcissa Black Malfoy/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Septima Vector
Cho Chang/Su Li/Harry Potter
Flora Carrow/Hestia Carrow/Harry Potter
Lavender Brown/Harry Potter
Parvati Patil/Harry Potter
Daphne Greengrass/Luna Lovegood
Cho Chang/Harry Potter
Astoria Greengrass/Harry Potter
Astoria Greengrass/Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Astoria Greengrass/Luna Lovegood
Gabrielle Delacour/Harry Potter
Katie Bell/Harry Potter
Gabrielle Delacour/Astoria Greengrass
Gabrielle Delacour/Daphne Greengrass

