Work Text:
“I am getting tired of thy unjustified acts of mischief against the people of Midgard, Loki.” The All Father said to his youngest son, Loki. He had went yet again, against his orders, to Midgard in order to create havoc, yet again. “Why thou did it this time?”The young man limited to shrug.“Was bored.”The All Father frowned.“Loki Odinson, thou are banished from Asgard and are not allowed to return until you meet humility. Thou will live a life as a Midgardian and until the Midgardian dies you haven’t learnt humility, you will be continued to be revived in young Midgardian children that are sentenced to die as a baby and become said child with no remember of your past.”The All Father’s older son stepped forward, in an attempt to step in and interrupt, but the spell had been done and Loki disappeared before anyone could act.“All Father… are thou certain this will work out?” Thor asked, uncertain.The All Father looked out of the window of his throne room. It had to work.-/-Harry couldn’t help but wonder why he was different. Even though he had killed Voldemort when the time comes to it… even though he had done everything needed. He was still an outsider. He hadn’t been accepted at his muggle family, he wasn’t accepted at the Wizardry World for being himself, but because of being the Boy Who Lived. He would never really be just Harry.Harry glanced at Hermione as she was playing with her children in the living room.Did Harry mention that since his 17 when he had finally managed to kill Voldemort… his body had stopped aging? At first 5 years it had been unnoticed, but after that…“Harry…”Harry sighed.“I’m not doing it on purpose… Voldemort messed with me…. I just don’t know how and why...” Harry mumbled looking the other way.He looked at Hermione as she had approached and grabbed his cheeks between her hands, forcing him to look down and into her eyes.“I know. But I was thinking… you saw the news in Muggle World about Iron Man, the Hero.” Harry nodded confused. “You are out of your league here, you knew that for a long time… why don’t you go to the States… and try to find some of those Muggle Heroes? Maybe someone would be able to help you… and if not… they wouldn’t judge you at the least.”Harry looked at the children, Rose and Hugo, and then towards Hermione.“I can’t just leave… no one would understand.”“I’ll speak with them.” Hermione argued with a smile.Harry sighed and nodded, kissing her on the forehead before turning around and leaving the house. Hermione was right though. It had been a decade, his thirst for more action, for more… war hadn’t subsided in the least. It was time he joined someone worth his while.-/-He had no idea how this had happened, he had come to the states in the hope of finding himself. Of maybe joining Iron Man and… he had not expected to cross paths with Stark on his first very minute. The man had been taking care of some local thugs that had dared to cross Stark’s way, when he had came face to face with Harry. To speak truthfully his first impression had been terrible, principally since he had heard so much about him before but, Stark had just looked at him when he was done, raised his helmet and welcomed him to the states, as if nothing had happened, as if… they were old friends.It had been, refreshing to be around Stark.After that Harry had looked for a place to clash on for a while, he knew he couldn’t intervene with Stark directly, not as Harry. He would have to do it in another way. A more delicate way. Harry sure was glad that Ron wasn’t there to see him acting so Slytherin… as he was walking down the street he found a mask shop. Harry smirked and entered, super heroes always had cool suits in comic books after all, didn’t they? Who’s to say that he couldn’t get one to himself?-/-“Oh, hello Antlers, what do I do the pleasure?”Harry smirked amused as Tony Stark looked up from whatever boring paperwork he had been about to take care off. The man had always been like this for the past couple of years they had met each other, always willing to do anything to run away from paperwork.“Have you heard what happened in New York last week?” Harry asked approaching the man.“No, what happened in New York last week?”“Exactly, your SHIELD took care of it… silently and quickly.” Harry argued, lending against wall, as Stark stood and approached, cornering him against wall between his hands. “But then again…. Isn’t that what they do? Hide the truth?”“If that was the truth you wouldn’t even be talking about it. You were there, what did you saw, Antlers?”Harry raised an eyebrow back as answer. Stark smirked before leaning forward and closing the space between their faces. Harry had no idea when they had actually started trading Harry’s intel about possible starts of war in trade for the muggle’s kisses. Stark had never even saw him as he really was… that first day not counting. There was just… something that pulled him towards Stark. And he liked to think the feeling was mutual, even tho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Writer isn't a Native English Speaker
One Shot
no betaed
Slash
Implied Sexual Content
Implied Mpreg
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Rebirth
Don't copy to another site
Harry Potter is Loki

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Harry Potter/Tony Stark

