Work Text:
  
“Make sure you remember to tell Peter that the T’Challa and Shuri are coming,” Pepper said firmly. “I think Peter would appreciate the heads up so he can prepare. You know how he gets.” 

 

“Yeah, yeah, I’ll let him know,” Tony muttered, carefully moving a wire on his gauntlet, only half listening.

 

“I mean it Tony,” Pepper said, her sharp nail poking in between Tony’s shoulder blades, making him hiss. “Don’t forget.” 

 

“Alright, I’ll tell him,” Tony insisted. “Unless you want this place to blow up, stop poking me.” 

 
Pepper’s words were currently coming back to bite Tony in the ass and he knows he’s going to get an earful about it later. Tony can’t do anything about that at the moment as he gapes at the scene he had just stepped into. He can’t stop his jaw from falling or his eyes from bulging and he can practically feel the grey hairs coming through as he stares at Peter. It doesn’t help that Tony is not alone; T’Challa, Shuri, Okoye and the rest of their guards came to a halt, their own surprise and horror fill the space behind him. It had been planned months in advance for T’Challa to come to the Tower for a visit. While it wasn’t the first time Tony had met the King, it was the first time that he was showing him and his sister Shuri around SI. Tony was keen to continue to develop the relationship he had been building with the King and his country. Tony was also hoping to get a small piece of Vibranium to work with for his latest project. Tony had been showing them around the Tower before they got into discussions about business and their next stop was Tony’s lab. The lab that was supposed to be empty and not full of a Spider-Child currently bleeding out on his work bench from a large slash down his side with DUM-E holding a bloodied shirt in his claw beside him.   Peter looked up the moment they entered, and he froze from where he was pressing his hand against most of the wound, blood dripping through his fingers. “It’s not what it looks like,” Peter blurted out in a panic, eyes darting to everyone hovering behind Tony. “Really?” Tony managed to get out between the horror he was feeling. “Because it looks like you are bleeding out on my god damn table.” “It’s not that bad,” Peter insisted, holding out his bloody hand. At Tony’s sharp inhale, Peter quickly lowered his hand, wiping his palm across the jeans he wore, leaving a bloody, messy stain. DUM-E let out a series of chirps and Peter winced as he quickly snatched the t-shirt out of the robots claws and started to pull it back on. “Don’t do that,” Tony snapped, finally coming to life. He strode across the room and pulled the shirt Peter had managed to get over his head gently. “What the hell Peter?” “M’fine,” Peter insisted again, eyes still on the group behind Tony. “Hi. I’m Peter.” “Hello Peter,” T’Challa nodded, face pulled in concern. He took a step closer, shooting Tony a look before looking back to Peter. “Are you okay?” “Oh, I’m fine,” Peter waved off the King’s concern. “You’re not fine,” Tony snapped. He was pretty sure that Peter had no idea who he was waving to because if he did, he would have a raving, blubbering, bleeding Spider-Kid to deal with so Tony didn’t tell him. Instead, he gently pulled Peter’s hand away from where he tried to press against the wound again. “It’s already –“ Peter begun to say but a sharp glare from Tony quickly had him falling silent. “How did you cut yourself?” Shuri asked, stepping forward. She had seemed to have gotten over her initial shock and was now staring at Peter curiously. Peter’s cheeks went red. “I was stabbed. Yep. Stabbed. With a knife.” Shuri broke out into a wide grin. “I need to stab someone. Where’s my stabbing knife.” Peter barked out a laugh, reaching over to high-five Shuri with his non-bloody hand. “Shuri,” T’Challa let out a long-suffering sigh as his sister cackled loudly. “He’s bleeding and hurt. Now is not the time for your memes or whatever they are.” “He doesn’t seem that fazed,” Okoye commented suspiciously. “and you,” Tony snapped at Peter. “Take a seat so I can see if you need stitches.” “The blood has already started to slow,” Shuri said, the laughter fading from her voice. She stepped closer and lowered herself, so she was near eye level with Peter’s wound. “Interesting.” “Forget that, why are you lying about being stabbed?” Tony narrowed his eyes, glancing at Peter as the teenager shifted guiltily. “I’m not,” Peter cheeks flushed red. “I was stabbed. It was very traumatic Mr. Stark.” “Yeah, I’m calling bullshit,” Tony huffed. “You’re a terrible lair. Try the truth. Now.” “Were you injured patrolling?” Shuri asked, standing back up straight. “Patrolling?” Tony repeated slowly, keeping his face carefully blank while Peter stared at Shuri with his mouth open. Shuri rolled her eyes. “Please. His wound is already healing, faster than any human could. He’s enhanced. I have seen the YouTube Videos and Spider-Man is clearly wearing your tech. You didn’t mention ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Gets Stabbed
Injured Peter Parker
Minor Injuries
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark is stressed
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark has grey hair
Peter Parker is sending Tony grey
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
Awesome Shuri (Marvel)
Meme Lord Shuri (Marvel)
Sweet T'Challa (Marvel)
T'Challa and Tony are done
First Meetings

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

