Work Text:
There was a knock on the door and Dr. Ben Cronin looked up from the notes he was reviewing.  One of the specialists was standing in the doorway - the new kid.  He had a funny name.  Bert, Brett?  Whatever.  The grunts were all the same.  “Yes?” he asked.  “They’re back, doc.”  Cronin closed the notebook and got up.  “Let Dr. Redfield know?”  “Already did,” the specialist replied.  “Thanks, Mr. Uh…” he stammered. “Rumlow, sir.” “Ah, yes. Mr. Rumlow.”  Cronin walked past the specialist, tucking a pen in his lab coat’s pocket.  As he walked, he wondered about the Christmas party at Maureen’s law firm tonight.  There would be caviar. And that amazing champagne.  Absently, he swiped his badge and walked into the room, musing that government jobs had no good perks.  The mission captain was waiting. “Doc,” he said. The subject was ready, out of his gear, sitting on a stool and eating a protein bar.  There were no obvious injuries.  Three guards stood around the room, weapons cradled in their arms. Rumlow followed him into the room and took his place in one of the corners.“How’d it go?” Cronin asked the captain. The captain shrugged. “Clean. No damage.”  “Any field meds?” “No need.” Cronin pulled a rolling stool over to the subject and sat down.  “Good,” he said. “I want to get home on time tonight.”  The subject finished the food and looked at him.  Cronin met the subject’s eyes and the subject looked back, unflinching and appraising.  The searching intelligence in those eyes always made Cronin uneasy. Tonight, though, the subject seemed to be calm and passive.  This should go smoothly.  He held out his hand.“Hot date?” the captain asked.  The subject put his wrist in Cronin’s hand and Cronin curled his fingers around to take the pulse. They had better tools than the old fashioned medicine he was going to use over the next few minutes, but this sequence was part of the ritual that the subject had been trained to accept long before Cronin had joined the project. He counted the slow, steady heartbeats, his eyes on his watch.  As he dropped the subject’s wrist and pulled out a little flashlight, he said, “Maureen’s firm has their Christmas party tonight.”  Cronin grabbed the subject’s chin and positioned his head, flashing the light in his eyes, watching the reflex response.  “It’s black tie and I have to get dressed.”  “Fancy,” said the captain.  “Yeah.” He tucked the flashlight back into his pocket and pulled the stethoscope from around his neck.  “Last year, they had these little chocolate soufflé things.”  He rolled his eyes as he settled the stethoscope in his ears.  “To die for.” The captain shook his head. “What does she do?” Cronin listened to the subject’s heart and lungs.  He was not expecting anything to be amiss, nor did he find any problems.  The only time he had ever heard anything other than a perfect rhythm, the subject had three broken ribs and a collapsed lung.  “Corporate tax law,” he replied, flipping the stethoscope back over his neck.  “I think she works on the Wal-Mart account.” “That must be…” “Boring,” Cronin replied, shoving back the stool and rolling across the room.  “Even she thinks it is boring, but the perks…”  He opened a cabinet and took out the saline, the IV and the lorazepan.  Rolling back over to the subject he looked up at the captain.  “Confirm they are ready?”  The captain waved at Rumlow, who holstered his gun and walked out of the room.  Cronin held out his hand and the subject again put his hand in Cronin’s.  Cronin gave the subject a curt nod, as wrapped the tourniquet around his arm.  “What about you?” he asked the captain.  “Got plans for the weekend?”  The captain shook his head.  “Naw.  I’m on duty tomorrow.  I’ll probably catch the game on Sunday.” Cronin worked quickly, sliding the catheter into the subject’s vein and snapping the tourniquet off. Taping the tubes down, he felt the subject react to something.  There was a tightening of the muscles under his fingers, a coiled tension, and he glanced up at the subject’s face.  The subject was staring at the door, his forehead wrinkled and his eyes narrowed.  He heard the door open behind him and Rumlow say, “Dr. Redfield is ready, sir.” Cronin picked up the bottle of lorazepan and a syringe.  Holding it up in front of his face, he inverted the bottle, drew a dose into the syringe and knocked the air bubbles out. The subject’s face was just on the other side of the bottle, staring at the door.  “Easy, soldier,” he said gently.  He took the subject’s elbow in his hand and pressed the syringe into the IV port.  “Won’t be long, now.”  Releasing the subject’s arm, he glanced at the clock and then pushed back a few feet, watching for signs that the drug was taking effect.  “What game?” he said. “Huh?” said the captain. “What game are you going to catch?” Cronin clarified. “The Giants game. They are playing the Broncos,” the captain replied.  “Ah.  Good game?”  “Should be. They are both having good seasons.”  Cronin n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Remix
Hydra (Marvel)
POV Outsider
Dehumanization
Hydra agents - Freeform
doing their jobs
Canon-Typical Violence
Brainwashing
I almost clicked the graphic depictions of violence tag
because there is profound violence
but its not really graphic
Hydra agents doing their jobs
and that is what I hope is the disturbing part
Christmas

fandom: 
None
