Chapter 1: ghosting
    


Notes:
SO, this is my first fic, tags are likely to be updated fairly often, and im hoping to establish a solid posting schedule (famous last words)Constructive criticism is welcomed, as well as kudos of course :]I've done my best to check for mistakes, but im tired, and british, so a couple things could be off, if you notice anything wrong, letting me know in the comments would be amazing. ill give you a cookie. or a hug.trigger/content warnings and any translations are in the end notes (and always will be, updated every chapter i pinky promise) bc spoilersthis is set after the battle of new york, and they all know coulson is alive

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
"I've been ghosting, I've been ghosting alongGhost in the world, ghost with no homeI remember, I remember the daysWhen I'd make you oh-so afraidAnd this is why I have decidedTo leave your house and home un-hauntedYou don't need poltergeists for sidekicks."- ghosting by mother mother  
The Tower, 2012
 “Sir, if you would allow me to remind y-”“No”“Sir really I must insist-”“Mute.” Tony could’ve sworn the resulting burst of static was a sigh, and honestly, of course he’d managed to make a  sassy  AI. He turned back to the holograms, cracking his back and wincing at the crescendo of the classic rock in the background. Yeah, that really wasn't helping the steady, pulsating headache pounding behind his temples, but he couldn't admit that and ask JARVIS to turn out it down because then he would start going on about sleep and food and  drops  and “Sir your temperature has risen-'' blah, blah, blah. Stark men are made of iron, they don't need to take naps, they don’t get sick and they  definitely weren't fucking littles. Tony sighed, refocusing on the schematics for the team's protective bodysuits. He was trying to add reinforcements that didn't hinder movement but minimized fall impact, which would hopefully keep them safer in the battlefield, because god knows one day Barton is going to jump off of another building like the  idiot he is and end up with something far worse than the broken arm he was currently sporting. not fast enough not fast enough you're never fast enough and now he's hurt you didn't protect him and it's your fault it's your fault. And because, sue him, maybe he likes the guy a bit. And maybe he doesn't ever want to see Barton’s little counterpart crying the way he was on the Quinjet while Bruce was resetting his arm. That had stirred up  many  bad memories of- Tony shook his head, wondering how the hell he'd managed to become so distracted again. Dammit he just wanted to get this done. He took the last swig of his (cold) coffee, swallowing the dredges, grimaced, stretched his back out again, and turned his attention back to the holograms which were now displaying- “Oh you are fucking kidding me. JARVIS.”Silence. And the far too bright little adoption agency brochure was still floating in front of his eyes, taunting him. “JARVIS!” Oh, right. “J, unmute.” “Thank you sir, and as i was trying to say it has currently been-”“JARVIS take the fucking thing off the hologram”“-80 hours since you last slept, 34 since you ate anything other than an energy bar and you haven't dropped in over 8 months. Also I'm sure i don't need to remind you that your temperature has been rising since 8 o’clock this morning and is currently-”“JARVIS, you are on thin ice buddy, one more word and I'll put you in the newest StarkPad and you can be an overqualified Siri” Tony puts his head in his hands. He is hanging on by a  thread  , little paper clips holding together his fraying composure, he's tipping on the precipice of his adult headspace with nothing to keep him grounded and he does  not  need a reminder of how long it's been. Because this is entirely his fault. He knows the longer he goes without the worse it will get, and he knows that littles need more sleep than any other classification. And the arc reactor already weakens his lung performance, so with the abysmal self care he’s got going on right now of course he doesn't feel the best (he's  not  coming down with anything. He's not.) But he can't stop. The odds of him slipping the moment he sleeps and waking up little are far too high and he can't do that right now. He's kept the whole little thing successfully under wraps for  years, everyone who knew of his original classification is dead, except for JARVIS, who is pretty much the exception to every rule. Because if Tony thought Howard wasn't keen on him before he was classified it was nothing compared to after. He could still remember in vivid, awful detail the day the results came in. -0- 
Stark Mansion, 1980
 
 “Maria let me through to see the brat right now!” 
 “Howard no, please, you can't-”    “Get the fuck out of my way you useless-”     Tony whimpered, putting his hands over his ears. Dad was angry, and Bad Things happened when Dad was angry. He rocked back and f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs Sleep
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
blink and you miss it kinda fluff
Age Play Little Tony Stark
Littles Are Known
alternative universe - littles are known
alternative universe - classifications
Classifications
Sick Tony Stark
Team as Family
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Protective Clint Barton
ageplay little clint barton
Little Clint Barton
Caregiver Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Caregiver Natasha Romanov
kind of
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Science Bros
Protective Bruce Banner
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Worried Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
guys i literally love jarvis so much pls
Caregiver Phil Coulson
Protective Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson Is a Good Bro
Depressed Tony Stark
Anxious Tony Stark
Overworked Tony Stark
Exhaustion
Fainting
Headaches & Migraines
Domestic Avengers
Protective Avengers
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Child Abuse
No Smut
Diapers
Panic Attacks
Cuddling & Snuggling
Tony Stark Cries
Tony Stark-centric
Carrying
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
Arc Reactor Issues
Arc Reactor Angst
Slow Burn
had to add that 9 chapters in cause jesus i move slower than i thought i was gonna

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

