Chapter 1: On Being Ordinary
    


Summary:

Harry’s life is ordinary, as far as he knows.





Chapter Text
- September, 1987 (7 Years Old) -
- Little Whinging, Surrey, England, Great Britain - 
If you asked any of the children at St. Gregory’s Primary School what Harry Potter was like, they would probably look at you and ask: “Who?” 
After a little prompting and maybe a short description of him (describing his messy jet-black hair, perpetually broken glasses, lightning bolt scar on his forehead, and poorly fitting clothing) you might receive a more elaborate answer of: “Oh, you mean The Freak.”
On the other hand, if you were to eavesdrop in on what the teachers said about him, you would probably hear their hushed voices whisper: “That poor child, but with an attitude like that…” or “Oh, haven’t you heard?? His aunt told me all about him. She warned me and now I have to keep an eagle eye on him in class so that he won’t cheat or steal.” 
However, if you were to ask Harry Potter what Harry Potter was like, he would look at you with his owlishly large green eyes hidden behind ugly, thick broken glasses, hair all mussed and a smudge of dirt on his nose, and he would say, “I’m ordinary. I’m nobody. I’m nothing special at all.”
Harry Potter lived in a very ordinary house, according to the Dursleys and their neighbors, at Number 4 Privet Drive in Little Whinging, Surrey. There was nothing that made Number 4 stand out from any of the other houses at all. (This fact made the Dursleys very proud.) The house had an ordinary fence surrounding an ordinary garden in front of the ordinary house with an ordinary front door.
 Despite the ordinariness, however, Harry’s Aunt Petunia could often be overheard speaking to her bridge partner about how her garden was the most fetching on the street. (She maintained, however, it was still well within the bounds of being ordinary.) Harry had a suspicion that the garden was only so well-tended and pleasant because he was the one who was doing all the work. Nevertheless, he would probably never get any of the credit from either his Aunt Petunia or her bridge partners.
The house itself looked fairly comfortable when one walked inside. There were framed pictures on the neutral cream walls of Harry’s Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia and Cousin Dudley. There were more pictures of Cousin Dudley by himself than of the whole Dursley family together. (Obviously there were none of Harry.) Pictures of Dudley were given pride of place on the wall where everyone could see them when they walked into the house. His Aunt and Uncle were so very proud of their Dudders.
The house was spacious enough, with its neutral and ordinary color scheme. In fact, it was so spacious that Dudley was even bestowed two rooms: one for himself and one solely for his toys. Sometimes, when he was able to stop and think about it, Harry wished he had a toy. He obviously did not believe he was special enough to warrant a whole room of toys, since he was so ordinary and forgettable. He did think that having one toy would be nice, though.
As it was, Harry Potter had no toys. He barely had a place to sleep. He should be happy that his relatives even thought to give him the cupboard under the stairs to call home. He supposed they could have followed through on any one of their threats to have him sleep out in the garden shed or any other scary place. Although, when he thought about it, it would probably look bad to the neighbors if they saw a small, somewhat dirty, 7-year-old child living in a garden shed outside of a perfectly normal house. That might make the Dursleys look a little less normal and ordinary to their neighbors.
Harry lived what he thought was a typical life for a 7-year-old. He would wake up with his Aunt pounding on his cupboard door at 5 am, yelling that he needed to get up and get breakfast cooked for the family. She would unlock his cupboard so that he could emerge and quickly take care of his hygiene needs. (Very quickly.) Some days, however, she forgot to unlock the door and then blamed him for not moving fast enough. He hated those mornings. Those were the days that the daily hard strikes across his knuckles hurt the worst. They were also the days he would have to move as quickly as he could so that he would not anger his Aunt further, or worse, anger his Uncle at all.
After cooking breakfast for his family and making sure that they were satisfied, he would do the dishes while they chatted about their day. (He would listen, even though he was still quite hungry himself, having not been allowed to eat anything from the family breakfast.)  Sometimes he would imagine chatting with someone about his day, but no one ever really wanted to talk to The Nobody… The Freak. So, he stayed silent.
Dishes done, he would ensure that his morning chores were complete before trying to run out of the house to catch the bus to his primary school. Of course, Dudders often tried to trip him up, either figuratively or literally, s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frank Castle & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Wade Wilson
Luna Lovegood & Harry Potter

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Revenge
Canon-Typical Violence
Gun Violence
Threats of Violence
Minor Character Death
Angry Frank Castle
Angry Harry Potter
Kidnapping
Extortion
Murder
Swearing
Frank Castle Loves to Swear
Frank Castle is Harry Potter's Mentor
Frank Castle is NOT Mr. Miyagi
Dark Harry Potter
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Smart Harry Potter
Manipulative Albus Dumbledore
Bad Albus Dumbledore
Good Voldemort (Harry Potter)
Helpful Death Eaters
Good Severus Snape
Torture
Wandless Magic (Harry Potter)
BAMF Harry Potter
BAMF Frank Castle
Slytherin Harry Potter
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Luna Lovegood’s Epic Poetry
Ragnok is Awesome as a Business Partner
Neville Longbottom Needs a Hug
Pretty Much All the Minor Character Deaths
Harry Potter was Adopted by Other(s)
Harry Potter was Raised by Other(s)
Mercenary Harry Potter
Harry Potter Has Issues
Frank Castle is a Good Dad
Master of Death Harry Potter
Harry Potter is a Little Shit
Sassy Harry Potter
Humor
Texting
Movie References
Like So Many Movie References

fandom: 
Frank Castle & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Wade Wilson
Luna Lovegood & Harry Potter

