Work Text:
  
“You know, Penis, I don’t see anyone that looks like Tony Stark here,” Flash sneered behind Peter’s back. “Looks like you are a liar after all.” 
 
Peter closed his eyes, inhaling sharply. 
 
“As if any of us believed that you know Tony Stark,” Flash scoffed, purposely shoulder checking Peter as he passed. He turned on the stairs to sneer up at Peter, a flash of triumphant glinting in his eyes. 
 
Peter had been ecstatic to tell Ned that he would be spending the weekend with Tony Stark at the Compound to go over some upgrades for his suit. The moment he had seen Ned at school he had gushed to him. Ned of course had been equally excited and gushed about all the cool things that Peter would get to do and begged Peter to tell him everything on Monday morning. 
 
Unfortunately Flash had overheard that Peter was heading to the Compound after school with Tony and had spent the whole day teasing and sneering comments towards Peter whenever he could.
 
“Just ignore him,” Ned kept saying and Peter tried really hard too. 
 
Flash’s words continued to grate on Peter throughout the day, giving the boy a headache as he did his best to ignore them (super hearing made it hard though). He had nothing to prove to Flash, he knew that, but sometimes he wished that he could just rub it in Flash's face. He wished he could do it right now, but he couldn’t see the familiar car that Happy drove and he kept his head bowed. 
 
“You’re such a loser, Penis,” Flash snorted. “Wait until everybody hears about this tomorrow. You actually know Tony Stark?! What a joke.” 
 
“Go home, Flash,” Peter gritted out, starting down the stairs, trying to brush past Flash but the other boy grabbed his arm. 
 
“Maybe your parents or Uncle will be waiting for you,” Flash grinned nastily. “Oh wait, they can't, can they?”
 
Peter swayed where Flash shoved him one last time, his heart clenching in his chest. He stared at Flash, mind roaring above the noise of the students flooding past them, eager to get home and as far away from the school grounds as possible. 
 
Flash must have seen something on Peter’s face, realising that he had gone too far because he took a step back and said, “Later Loser.” And then he was spinning on his heel and retreating with the rest of the crowd. 
 
Peter was jostled by a running student and he felt as if the air had been sucked out of his chest. He wiped his face, releasing that tears were flowing down his cheeks and he sniffed. Ducking his head once again, Peter hurried down the steps with the rest of the students and slipped away from them as fast as he could. 
 
Peter kept his head low as he walked quickly, eager to put as much distance between him and FLash as he could. It wasn’t often that Flash stooped so low but today he was fine form, knowing just how to push Peter’s buttons. He hated that he could let Flash get under his skin like that and he sniffed as more tears ran down his cheeks. 
 
He pulled out his phone, hoping to call Happy and find out what was going on and groaned when he saw that the battery was dead. 
 

Stupid phone

 Peter thought bitterly, sliding the phone back into his pocket. Ever since a patrol that had ended up with Peter slamming into a brick wall and his phone taking most of the damage, it hadn’t been holding battery charge for as long. The screen was also cracked to hell, making it hard to read any text messages that came through. It would have to do though because Peter couldn’t afford another one. 
 
Peter ducked into the nearest alleyway, hiding himself behind a dumpster as he took a moment to think. He couldn’t go home. He already had his bags with him since May had already left for her conference for the weekend while Peter was at school. While Peter was capable of taking care of himself while May was gone (he was 

fifteen!

) she had felt more comfortable if he had some supervision. A quick call to Tony Stark and the weekend at the Compound had been put into place.  He had his suit with him….maybe he could just swing to the compound? 
 
But the suit was broken, which was one of the things that Peter and Mr. Stark would be working on over the weekend. Ever since the Vulture incident, Peter had been trying to prove to Mr. Stark that he would one day be worthy of being an Avenger. He was trying to be more responsible and swinging around in a broken suit when Mr. Stark told him not too would be a very bad idea. 
 
With a sigh, Peter started walking from the alleyway towards the subway. By the time he got on a train, the headache he had been nursing all day was now a steady throbbing and there was sharp pain in the corner of his right eye. Being on the train didn’t help and by the time Peter got off at the last stop, he was nauseous and at the beginnings of a sensory overload. 
 
He shivered as he stepped out of the train station and started walking towards the Compound. He hadn’t noticed as he tried to focus on his breathing rather than the rising bile in his throat that the s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Sensory Overload
Hypothermia
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Sick Peter Parker
Sick Character
Awesome Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Parent Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Bully Flash Thompson
Mentioned May Parker - Freeform
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Uncle Happy Hogan
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark gives good hugs

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

