Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Ross checked his reflection in the mirror as he adjusted his tie and smoothed his hair. He could not believe how good it felt to be clean, to be dressed in real clothes, not to have his nose filled with the stench of goat dung, and to not have the animals themselves sniffing around his feet.He was in an empty apartment somewhere, though he had no idea where, nor did he know what had happened to the apartment’s previous occupants. After the painful and stomach twisting sensation of travel, he’d found himself in a bedroom, facing a window that gave a view of an anonymous city that could be anywhere in the world. He'd taken clothes from the closet, which seemed to be a good enough fit, and then had gone into the bathroom to scrub himself clean, which had taken a long time.The difference between this place and where he had been was vast. He did not know how long he had spent on the accursed planet the Asset had dumped him on, but it had been long enough to incite a furious desire for revenge, the revenge Ego was going to enable him to achieve.“What do I do?” he asked, making his way back into the bedroom and standing by the window. “When do we kill the Asset?”‘We cannot kill him yet,’ she replied. ‘I already tried. The Stones have chosen him, betrayed me completely, so he is essentially immortal now unless they choose otherwise, which they will not. Even targeting him in a multitude of realities and times will not be enough. We have to go back to the beginning and change his path, change the circumstances, so he is not able to bear them.’Ross sputtered. “I can’t kill him? But you know what he did to me!”
‘What he did to me was worse. He took the Infinity Stones out of my reach. My banishment lasted longer than you can ever imagine, and the ally I chose to free me failed. Thanos was given a mission, and he held the Stones, but he used them for himself, not for me. His petty desire to create balance doomed me to even longer in that place. I do not know how I was freed, as it was not Thanos, but I assume the child did something that weakened the barriers. That is not important. What matters is the opportunity I have now to change things.’
“Change what?”
‘The circumstances. The Stones found him Worthy, and I see in your mind when it happened. That is not only ridiculous, an insult, but it is also impossible. No one should be Worthy of them but me. Only I can bear them.
“Apparently not,” Ross muttered.‘What did you say?’ The question was asked with a sharp spike of pain in his head, as if a nail was being driven into his skull.“Nothing,” he gasped. “I said nothing.”
‘Good. You would do better to say nothing in future, too.’
“I’m sorry.”
‘As you should be. I will not tolerate disrespect from you. Now, it is time to act. From what I have glimpsed in your mind, I can see that the child was formed by circumstance to be what the Stones wrongly perceived as Worthy. Your mission is to change that. You were in a position of power before, weren’t you?’
“I was the most powerful man in the world—The President of the United States!”
‘No, before that, before Thanos came, you felt powerful; I can see it in your memories.’
“I was, I suppose, as Secretary of State. But if you need me to be powerful, you’ve got to make me President again.”
‘No! That is not what I need. Your greatest power came from what followed Thanos; the child was already gone then. I need you in a place in which he can be influenced and changed. Tell me, where do you think his power comes from?’
Ross didn’t know. He’d paid no attention to the Asset before he’d received that report from Wakanda. Spider-Man had barely been a blip on Ross’ radar. His targets had been The Avengers. All he knew was that Spider-Man was reported to have been in Berlin when Stark and his team had battled Rogers’.
‘I need you to know. Find out.’
“How?” he asked. “I can’t exactly Google his origin story.”
‘No, but you can live it. I will take you somewhere you can change him and create a new path that will not lead him to the Stones. What makes him Worthy must be changed.’
“And what made him Worthy?”
‘Nothing, but I suppose in their eyes it was his purity and goodness of heart, his strength. I need you to break him.’
“How do I do that? He’s got the Stones now. I tried to break him before, but I failed!”
‘Which is why I will take you back, before the Stones, before Thanos. What was the crucial moment for you? Where did your power come from?’
Ross considered. “Before my election, my power came in 2016—May 3rd—when that derelict Ellis made me Secretary of State. Everything that followed was power.”
‘Then I will take you there. Your mission is power again, but not of the same kind. We are going to find the child, observe him, find what makes him strong.’
“And then what?”
‘Then we’re going to change the circumstances. I want him weak and insecure. I want him Unworthy. I want you to find a way to break him down completely.’
“Do I get to kidnap him again?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Family Feels
Team as Family
Developing Friendships
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Fix-It of Sorts
Fluff
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Minor Character Death
Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

