Work Text:
Tony doesn’t look in the mirror very often anymore. It’s not that he’s worried about getting old (forty, grey hairs, oh god)  or that he doesn’t care about general hygiene. It’s more about the  subtle blue glow hidden beneath his shirt, and no matter how many layers  he wears, he can still feel it sitting heavy in his chest, pulsing away  with every beat of his ill heart. And when he isn’t bogging himself  down with four plus shirts, the light is that much stronger, that much  brighter, and it’s forever stamped on his body. When he walks by a  mirror, or even the shiny metallic surface of the Iron Man suit, and  catches sight of his arc reactor, he has to press his palms to his eyes,  has to push the memories and trauma as far back in his mind as  possible. He can feel it creeping closer though, twisting through the  calculations in his head and infecting the numbers so they’re tinged  grey. He doesn’t want to think about it anymore.It’s all he thinks about.He catches himself at the strangest moments  changing his behaviour. On countless mornings, he’ll be staring into his  coffee cup, before modifying it to a fifty three degree angle so the  liquid won’t catch his reflection. He’ll be working in the lab, fingers  moving over shiny metal, and he’ll shift his body seven point two  percent so the image is that of the garage and not himself. He’s taken  to going clothed into the washroom, waiting for the room to fill with  steam before he jumps into the shower. And even then, when the water  touches his skin, he has to take a moment before he can even wash his  hair, images of ice cold water and electrical circuit failure leaving  him gasping and weak.It’s strange, however, when he becomes part of a  team. He accidentally offers to house the Avengers during the first  week of meetings, after baiting Fury. He forgets, sometimes, to modify  his behaviour, but it all comes back after he finishes dealing with the  latest disaster. He fixes the microwave four times in the first month the  Avengers move into the mansion, replaces six beds, repairs two walls  and the foyer before he can even get around to detailing the mansion for  his own needs. When he’s done playing babysitter to the Hulk, he starts  taking down the mirrors and replacing them with oil paintings. He  fights with Jarvis over the windows until they no longer show his  reflection when he walks up to them. Jarvis whirs angrily at him,  spouting statistics and possibilities for his sudden need to hide.The others don’t notice the difference, but  then, no one has ever noticed. Tony has perfected his personas, taught  himself how to hide the pain, how to mask the insecurities. His  behaviour has changed, yes, but it has been stabilized by a simple  formula he’s constantly tweaking, something so subtle that he knows he’s  getting away with it. He rambles and talks, pushing back the memories  until they’re buried under an ever shifting algebraic equation.He knows the math. He’s always known the math. It doesn’t mean he enjoys it.The kitchen is his least favourite place to be.  The fridge is too shiny and the counters too laminated. He can see the  distorted glow whenever he reaches for the fridge and comes at the  handle from different angles until he finds the one that doesn’t show  the reactor. He’s caught, one morning, by Steve.“Tony? What are you doing?” Steve asks, startling him badly enough that his trajectory moves and he can see that damn shine.Tony steps back, rubbing at the arc reactor and hating himself for it. “Nothing, nothing, Cap. How’s it going? You’re up early.”Steve frowns, shifting his weight, and Tony  takes in the long line of his shoulders, the way the white t-shirt pulls  over his chest, and the low slung sweatpants clinging to his hips.  Steve’s hair is mussed and shaggy, brushing against his forehead in a  way that makes Tony want to push it back. Dog tags hang down from his  neck and Tony has a ridiculous urge to tangle his fingers in them and  listen to the music of their alloys clinking together. His mind  formulates a musical score for him to play by and he plasters on a smile  when Steve pushes further into the kitchen.“Well, no, it’s not that early. I’m always up by  six. Better question, what are you doing here? We usually can’t get you  downstairs until well after noon.” Steve moves toward him, that foreign  worry still plain on his face. “Wait, did you spend all night in the  shop again?”Tony bites his lip. “Possibly. I mean, no. Well,  yes, mainly because Clint wants a new rendition of his bow and Natasha  was asking for a possible blade that has better retractable  qualifications, and then your armour needs to be tweaked because your  helmet looks like a bucket and it’s bugging me. I mean, could  you imagine the laughter we’re going to get if Captain America goes into  battle wearing a blue bucket on his head? No, so new helmet, bow,  blades; Thor won’t let me have his hammer so there’s nothing I can do to  help
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

