Chapter 1: Another Day of Sun
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
           Buildup. Certainly an important step to any event.            Exhales before a kiss. Long-lost souls running into a great, needed embrace. Weapons lifting for a final blow.           Veins humming. Blood pumping to the heart. Muscles tensed to flex my gloved fingers.           A whistle sounded behind me. Yes, the buildup was everything. Foreplay.           I could increase. I hoped. Buildup had to mean something. I pictured a wheel spinning forth, trepidation about where it could land. What it would throw out of its path and which hands could still it.           “Plant your feet.” Came a deep order. Instantly, my boots wiggled into the dirt. One breath. I took the staff in my hands. Charged forth. A steady blow sent vibrations up my arms. “Good. Keep it up.”           Face warping into a steely snarl, I tried to hide my budding frustration with drive and ferocity. A need to win. Just once. Sif matched another blow, body twisting to jab the third toward me. I kicked back and evaded, earning a nod from her. Impressed.           No pride found me. I had to do better. I came at her, both of us lunging dancerly and hard into a spar. Warriors around us in their own bouts and conversations became silent upon my ears. Sif reeled up with a shout.           Kicked me square in the chest. A puffed cry sent dirt up into the air as I skidded back. Sif’s wooden staff rose and I rolled over to evade it. Faster than the last time. Harder.            “Good.” Thor was perched a few steps above us leaning over a stone rail to observe me. I’d gotten better. Still too far to go. Especially if I wanted to match Sif. My friends.            Sweat dripped from my brow. I advanced again with filth scuffed down my clothing, spinning around in the hopes I could knock Sif back. She skidded, found her easy footing, and swung. The blow burst red from my nose. Down my mouth as I hit the wall. Sif brought the blunt end to my neck and I growled to sweep it aside.            I got up again. Came at her with red teeth-baring.            “Hold.” Thor pressed at the sight of blood on my chin.           “I’m still in it.” I jumped off the stone wall to come down hard, missing Sif before she kicked my legs out from under me.            “You’re finished.” She came in for the killing blow and I jerked up, leg out to send her backward. Sif held her ribs, lips twitching with her usual spirited fury. A call of valor erupted from my lips before I charged her. 
            Harder. Faster. Get up. Come on. Get up! Stay in this!
           Every order sent my blood in a righteous ferocity through vessels that sweltered. Hot irons charged back and forth between us. I swiped, faked right, and went left. Lifted to strike when her staff whirled back to jab me direct in the heart. Air punched from my lungs as I hit the ground that time.           “Dead.” Sif turned and hit her staff against the ground. Blood and dirt misted my throat. I coughed and groaned. Lush, messy curls fell to cloak my face from the high sun. “You’ve made a lot of progress this year. Maybe one day, you’ll beat me. Don’t hold your breath.”            She smiled though. Glittering. It was true. I’d keep playing the game of catch-up with my friends until I was there. Marching into a real battle with them. Growing in rank and gaining the love and respect of our people. I’d get there. I had to.           I had to.           Sif extended a hand and winced upon seeing my face.            “Apologies for that one.” She tilted my chin, standing a few inches taller than I. Thor stepped down toward us.           “Footwork is good, little nervous still.” He tossed a rag into my hand, ruffling my textured curls per his usual friendly habit. “You prepare yourself for the worst hit when you should be blocking to protect yourself. Break that habit.”           “Story of my life.” I flashed a smile and Thor paused to chuckle. Beyond the rows of fellow warriors, I caught a glimmer and dropped my shoulders. Fandral entered the ranks behind Hogun and Volstagg. He caught my eyes, tried to lock in before I was facing away. Panning back to Thor as he filled a basin. “I can give and take hard hits.”           “Spoken like a true punching bag. Come, wash your nose.” Thor beckoned with two fingers. Huge arms crossing. “I think you’ve had enough today.”           “What, is Sif getting tired of knocking me over? I lost count.” I caught my reflection and winced. Blood swiped down my lips. “Ugh.” I splashed cold water down my expression, casting ripples through the girl frowning there. Big eyes wide with the tremor. Not good enough. Not yet.           “Nonsense, you put up a better fight than anyone in this vicinity.” Sif settled our staffs back on the rack. One hand came to rest on her belt. “Keep it up, you’ll be tested formally and join our ranks in no time. It's overdue.”           
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki/OC

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Blood and Gore
Flawed Gods
Plus Size Woc Reader
Past Child Abuse
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Character Death
Mental Health Issues
Psychological Trauma
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Mutual Pining
Redemption
Found Family
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Avengers Family
Slow Burn
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Eventual Happy Ending
Friends to Lovers to Enemies to Lovers
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Shameless Smut
Threesome
Loss of Virginity
Oral Sex
Ultimate Alliance AU
Loki Lives (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki/OC

