Chapter 1: Chapter 1 - Ozhawk
    




Chapter Text

I’m So Scared, Please Help Me


Steve/Bucky/Skye

SkyeStucky? Stuckye? CaptainWinterQuake? 
 



 Image by Ozhawk. Aren't they yummy?

 Chapter 1 

 

Steve

He’d never had a soulmark, back in the old days. So when S.H.I.E.L.D. retrieved him from the ice and thawed him out, he was a little horrified to find that he had two. And one of them featured a name that would haunt him forever.

Who the hell is Bucky?

The world would not forget Bucky Barnes – and the other Howling Commandoes – if Steve had a say in it. So he helped set up the exhibit at the Smithsonian, grieved for his friend – and yes, occasional lover, though that had been very much a secret – and mentioned Bucky every time he was interviewed.
Of course, he hadn’t anticipated the fact that one of his soulmates would turn out to be Bucky. A very lost, broken Bucky. It took six weeks for Steve and Natasha – using all of Stark’s vast resources – to track him down after Washington, and another six months of therapy and hypnosis for Bucky to return to something like his old self.
Bruce had a theory on how Bucky and Steve didn’t used to be soulmates, but were now.
“You needed your third to be born. There’s documented cases of people who knew each other already, whose words spontaneously appeared when their third was born. In all those cases, it’s been the next words the soulmates spoke to each other, not the first.”
“What do we do about her? We assume it’s a her.” Steve gestured to the second mark on his forearm. Bucky had a second mark too, in the same, distinctly feminine handwriting.
“Well, I understand you both like girls as well as guys,” Bruce gave them one of his weary smiles. “Certainly from the stories Peggy Carter used to tell about you, Steve. And if Bucky was even a tenth as good with the girls as his character has always been portrayed on screen…”
“I meant what do we do about her.” Steve bit his lip and looked at the words on his arm. I’m so scared, the words said. The words on Bucky’s calf were even more frightening. Please help me. “It seems like she may be in some kind of trouble when we find her.”
“We take care of her and we deal with whatever, or whoever, is frightening her,” Bucky rumbled. He was still, at the core, the same Bucky that Steve had known – and loved – since they were children. “HYDRA told me, when the words appeared – and no, Steve, I still haven’t figured out exactly when, I just know both sets were on me when they defrosted me one time – that I had to kill whoever said them to me.”
“I take it you’ve decided not to follow that order now?” Bruce raised his eyebrows.
“Definitely not,” Bucky glanced sideways at Steve. “Punk’s still alive, ain’t he?”
“Shut up, you jerk, you certainly gave it a go.”
“That was when I was still Зимний Солдат, you ass!”
“Fuck you.”
“Fuck you too!”
“Just go fuck, both of you. That poor girl,” Bruce murmured, turning back to his lab bench. “How she’s going to put up with the pair of you, I can’t begin to imagine.”
Steve grinned at Bucky, pulling on his wrist. “Come on, jerk.”
“If people only knew what Captain America was really like.” Bucky followed Steve. “Bruce is right, though. The poor girl’s got no idea what she’s in for.”
“She needs us,” Steve said quietly, later. Much later. “That’s why we’re her soulmates. She’s in enough trouble that she needs us.”
Bucky, on the edge of sleep, rolled over and looked at him. “Then we get her out of it. You and me, Stevie. Ain’t nuthin’ we can’t pull our girl out of.”
“Sure hope you’re right, Buck,” Steve’s hand still rested on Bucky’s hip. “Because I love you, but I do miss girls.”
“Me too,” Bucky murmured quietly. The corner of his lip twitched up in a grin. “Hope she’s pretty.”
“She’ll be beautiful to us,” Steve said confidently.
“She’ll prob’ly like you best anyway.”
“That’s not how it works, Buck,” Steve told him softly. “She’s our soulmate. Both of us. I’d never let anyone come between us anyway, you big jerk.”
Bucky chuckled. “You sure about that?”
“You have a filthy mind.” Steve jabbed him in the ribs.
“You love it.”
“Jerk.”
“Punk.”
 

Bucky

They found her in the last place they’d ever have expected. In the Avengers’ Mission Room, a whole floor of Tony Stark’s tower dedicated to planning and the storage of their equipment. Tony had received a surprise call from someone named Coulson – surprising largely because apparently the guy was supposed to be dead – saying there was someone he needed help with. They all gathered in the Mission Room.
The other Avengers greeted Coulson warily, and he gestured to the small, slim woman standing beside him. She had long brown hair and frightened eyes.
“This is Agent Skye. She recently had a somewhat – otherworldly experience in Puerto Rico. I – honestly think she might be better with you guys. The Avengers.”
“Better how, exactly?” Tony demanded.
“Skye’s developed, um, a certain power. The earth shakes at her command.”
“Ah, that explains the sudden unexplained se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Skye
James "Bucky" Barnes/Skye | Daisy Johnson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Threesome - F/M/M
Action & Romance
Drama
Light Angst
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Team as Family

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Skye
James "Bucky" Barnes/Skye | Daisy Johnson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Skye | Daisy Johnson

