Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Erik had to admit, he was a little bit distracted during this particular kill.He was dreaming about Charles again.Last night it was the one where he accidentally shot Charles in the back, and as he cradled Charles in his arms, weeping over his limp body, Charles looked up at him through tears and said, "You're a monster, Erik."Of all the dreams he had about Charles (and there were many), that was the one that always lingered the next day.He also had the invitation to his ten year high school reunion shoved in his back pocket. He shouldn't have any identifying information on him - of all the ways he could be traced back to a kill, a stray high school reunion invite would have to be in the top five most embarrassing - but his assistant, Raven, had teasingly handed it to him on his way out the door. "I find it amusing that you came from somewhere," she'd said.He had absolutely no intention of attending, but still, he wondered if Charles would be at the reunion.And so, when he should have been focused on poisoning a man in his sleep – he’d been paid handsomely to make the kill look like an accident – Erik was too busy thinking about Charles. He was trying to imagine what Charles looked like now. The last time they saw each other, they were eighteen and gangly and smitten and giddy. He wondered if he still had that same floppy Hugh Grant haircut, those big blue eyes; he wondered if Charles’ smile was still lopsided, if it would still make Erik weak in the knees.He was imagining what it would be like to sweep Charles off his feet in front of the entire class of 2001 when, in his distraction, he slipped. He missed. And his mark woke up.“Fuck.”With no hope left of making this kill look like an accident, Erik pulled his pistol out of his belt and held it to the man’s head, preventing him from finding a weapon of his own.The man trembled and stared at Erik. “Whatever it is I’m doing that you don’t like,” he pleaded, “I’ll stop doing it.”Erik shrugged impassively. “It’s not me.” And with one silenced shot, the job was done.It wasn’t him. Erik had no personal reasons for killing the man; he didn’t even know the man’s name and he didn’t care to learn it. Erik Lehnsherr was a killer, but he was someone else’s weapon. He didn’t care about the motive or the circumstance, or any of that stuff, about morality. If I show up at your door, he often said, mainly to his shrink, chances are you did something to bring me there. That and a paycheck was enough reason for Erik. It was his job. He was good at it. And anyway he didn’t think that what a person did for a living was a reflection of who he was.Even so, he was definitely not going to that reunion. Being a hitman didn’t make for good small talk. And even after ten years, he couldn’t bear to imagine what Charles would say. * Erik stopped for a cup of coffee on his way to the office the following morning, and on his way out of the deli, he ran into his old friend, Sebastian Shaw.Of course, “old friend” wasn’t exactly the term for their relationship: more like former mentor, current competitor, always a man who would give Erik an autopsy with a box cutter in the middle of a crowded theater and smile while doing it – at the right price, of course. But in public, when Shaw staged an accidental run in, they were old friends.“I don’t believe it, running into you like this,” Shaw grinned and shook Erik’s hand with more vigor than was warranted, “How have you been?” Shaw bared his teeth in a way the other patrons hopefully found friendly, but made Erik slightly queasy.“Oh, you know me. Same old same old,” said Erik, returning the sneer. “I was just walking that way,” he pointed.“What do you know, so was I!” Shaw said, and together they continued their old friend charade down the block to an empty lot.When they were finally alone, Shaw wasted no time in getting to the point. It was the one thing Erik appreciated about their accidental/on-purpose run-ins: they were always brief.“I understand you had a gig last night,” Shaw said, still with that horrible smile. “One that was supposed to be mine.”Erik didn’t flinch. He knew better than to give Shaw any hint of weakness. “The job was offered to me and I took it. I had no intention of stealing anybody else’s business.”“I’m glad to hear it,” said Shaw, “But I’m hoping we can find a way so that these sort of… misunderstandings don’t happen again. I’m putting together a little concern which would enable those of us in our rarified profession to avoid embarrassing overlaps like this one in the future.”“What, like a union?” Erik asked, as amused as he was suspicious.“More like a club. A brotherhood. Work less, make more.”“A very tempting offer, but no thank you.”“No thank you?” Shaw laughed with a menacing glint in his eyes. “Do you remember Cuba? That nut with the nukes?” Erik played along, smiled and nodded his head at the shared memory. He would probably have to use the same move at the reunion, although with his cl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Crack
erik is a neurotic hitman
High School Reunion
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Minor Character Death
Dark Comedy
Humor
Assassins & Hitmen

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

