Work Text:
“Doll?” Steve called out, closing the door to your apartment. “Where are you? I got your text.”Hearing his footsteps, you make sure your posture is perfect before responding, “In here baby, I have a surprise for you.” Minutes later he finds you underneath the Christmas tree, his confused expression morphing the instant he sees you laid out for him. “Whoa.” “Merry Christmas Captain.” You say in a sultry tone, enjoying his roaming eyes on your form, taking in every detail or lack thereof in this case. The bow on top of your head,  the set of lights wrapped around you,   lighting up just as bright as the tree you were sitting beside. Completely naked otherwise, except for your heels. The perfect present.“Is this all for me, gorgeous?” He asks his voice getting a husky lilt to it, ready to devour you the way he so often had in the past. You nod, biting your lip for an added effect “Do you like?”“Oh angel, it's perfect.” He says as his legs pulled him closer until he was standing above you. “I have another surprise baby, something you’ve been wanting for a while now.” You add suggestively, biting your lip again and clenching what was inside you, trying to push the nerves away. No matter how much you talked about this kink, you couldn’t help being a little apprehensive about his reaction. What if he didn’t mean it or like it. What if it was all dirty talk in the heat of the moment.“Doll, you’re all I’ve ever wanted.” He says and your heart melts instantly. Damn, your husband was smooth, and you knew by his expression he was nothing but sincere. It tests your resolve, and you pucker your lips for a kiss that he happily returns, both of you tempted to skip everything and go straight to opening his ‘gift’. “I did what we talked about.” You say, once you both have come up for air. Breathing heavily already, he always did seem to have a knack for riling you up without any warmup. Well, some of it was the anticipation you felt, and the other part was due to what had happened earlier in the day. “What did we talk about?” He asks not understanding, too busy focused on you and starting a trail of kisses down your neck, keeling beside you as he drove you mad with need.“I was with someone.” You stated, hoping he understood where you were going with this. The way his body freezes against yours, taking his lips away and staring into your eyes you think he’s starting to. He doesn’t respond, staring at you without saying a word. Fear pumps through your veins, what if he doesn’t want this, what if he gets mad. You feel on edge but there’s a slight gleam in his eyes that encourages you to continue, “Damon, from work, we started flirting and drinking and he ended up filling me up with his cum that I saved just for you.”The silence on his end continues, driving you insane with questions and worry, what if he broke up with you for cheating. Finally, a grin breaks his stoic features, “Really doll, you did that for me?”“Yeah, that’s what you wanted, right?” You ask, not wanting to have crossed any lines with your husband.“Doll are you kidding. I’ve dreamt about this since I fell for you. Did he really cum in you?” He asks excitedly, acting like an overenergized golden retriever who got a new toy to play with.“Mmhmm, baby he filled me with his cum. Fucked me so hard, I was leaking all over my panties.” You nod. Steve’s lips are on yours in no time, tongue down your throat. Your taken back by all his energy, not realizing he was this into the idea, but it did help you relax and enjoy what had occurred and what was about too.“Fuck Y/n/n. You’re so perfect.” He mumbles against your lips before making his way down your neck and around the lights, leaving little pecks on your breasts as he rearranges himself in-between your legs. For a moment you manage to see that he’s already hard for you, giving you a thrill. All the apprehension dissipates, as the feelings of lust and passion you felt earlier seep back in.His hands come up to your legs, moving the lights to your stomach so they didn’t restrict your movements. Once its out of the way, you grab the mistletoe that was by your side and hold it over yourself as you spread wide open for him. Showing off your glistening wet pussy and inviting him to give in to the mistletoe tradition. All he can do is stare in awe as you feel how much of Damon’s cum was on display, making him look like a kid does on Christmas, so you push out a little more cum, feeling as it dribbled out of you and down your crack. “Fuck, I can smell him.” He breathes in, rutting into the floor at seeing another guy’s cum drip out of you. His head as close to your lips without touching, completely fascinated, his hand reaching up and dragging a finger through your combined juices. “His cum is oozing out of you doll.”“He came so much baby, stretched me so good, it was like a supernatural experience” You moan as he doesn’t seem to realize the small undulating of his hips. Before you could say something, he grabs your l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers and Y/n
Steve Rogers/Wife!Reader
Husband Steve Rogers/Wife Reader
Damon Salvatore/Original Female Character(s)
Damon Salvatore/Reader
Damon Salvatore/You
Damon Salvatore/Original Character(s)
Damon Salvatore and Y/n

freeform: 
Smut
Shameless Smut
NSFW
NSFW GIF
Sex
Christmas
Christmas Presents
Christmas Tree
Christmas Smut
Christmas Decorations
Sex under tree
Floor Sex
Sex on a Car
Implied/Referenced Cheating
Cheating
Cuckolding
Missionary Position
Doggy Style
Cunnilingus
Sex covered in lights
Multiple Orgasms
cum
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
Comeplay
cum kink
sharing juices
Steve is dirty
Steve likes sharing his wife
Steve is a cuck
Cheating with Damon
Steve licking guys cum out of reader
Reader-Insert
Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Car Sex
sharing is caring
sex gif
porn gif
Married Sex
Married Couple
Husband Steve Rogers
wife reader
Damon is colleague
Bucky Barnes Sister
The best Christmas present
work relationship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers and Y/n
Steve Rogers/Wife!Reader
Husband Steve Rogers/Wife Reader
Damon Salvatore/Original Female Character(s)
Damon Salvatore/Reader
Damon Salvatore/You
Damon Salvatore/Original Character(s)
Damon Salvatore and Y/n

