Work Text:
If Darcy had to guess, she'd say it started with Thor. For all that he treats Jane like a delicate princess, he's always treated her more like the Lady Sif. Maybe he remembers that she tasered him. Maybe he thinks of her as a little sister, or maybe he respects that out of everyone he's met so far, she's the one who lasts longest once the tequila comes out. (That changes, of course, when he meets Tony, who probably has tequila flowing through his veins; Natasha, who drinks vodka like it's water; and Steve, who can't get drunk.)Whatever the reason, when they first arrive at the SHIELD complex in New York, he tracks her down at the end of the day and says, "Friend Darcy, we are going to quaff many beers and perhaps engage in fisticuffs with the locals. Will you join us?""Jane?""Is working on the tesseract," Natasha says.Darcy shrugs and shuts down her computer. "If you're buying, I'm drinking.""You have the spirit of an Asgardian," Thor says, clapping her on the shoulder."Thanks," she says, rubbing the stinging spot, wondering if it's going to bruise.By the time Colonel Fury has convinced Captain America to join the Initiative, Thursday night drunk is as close to a tradition as something that's only six weeks old can be. Thor is especially pleased by this, and tells everyone they meet that the day is named in his honor. Darcy, Natasha, Agent Barton ("Call me Clint," he says when they meet and shoots finger guns at her; she rolls her eyes but secretly thinks he's adorable), and Thor are the regulars. Jane joins them when Thor is able to cajole her away from her work, and Tony Stark hangs out when he's in New York. Darcy's torn about that, because on the one hand, they have to run a gauntlet of paparazzi no matter where they go, but on the other, it means she never has to buy a round, and drinking with Asgardians gets expensive. Free drinks outweigh any inconvenience in her book, especially when he brings Pepper, who's become Darcy's actual hero in terms of getting the team organized without getting lost in SHIELD's endless bureaucratic red tape.It's always the most fun when Sif and the Warriors Three join them, but that doesn't happen all that often. Luckily, on the rare occasions it does, most tourists take them for escapees from Medieval Times rather than god-like beings from another planet. (They invite Bruce but he never comes; Darcy feels guilty that she doesn't feel bad about that.)Clint follows her to the jukebox and critiques her musical choices, but he always gives her money when she holds out her hand."You gotta play some Skynyrd."She gives him an incredulous look. "The worst part is I can't decide whether it's more disturbing if you're being ironic than if you're not.""Why would I be ironic?" he asks, but there's a curl to his mouth that makes her think he totally is. "Shit, there's Natasha. Pretend you're into me.""What?""We used to date.""No way you dated her," Darcy says, because Natasha is smoking hot. Of course, so is Clint, but she can't tell him that now."Well, more like fought a lot and then had a lot of makeup sex," he says, leaning in close, still smirking. His breath smells like the peppermint schnapps they'd done shots of earlier. "It didn't end well.""Gee, I wonder why?""Woman's got issues."She puts her palm flat on his chest and shoves him lightly. He rocks back on his heels but doesn't move out of her space, which is kind of all right. "Okay, seriously, we are not having this conversation." She doesn't even know what buttons she's pushing on the jukebox, but she totally blames Clint when, after twenty minutes of excellent music, Rush comes on. He doesn't seem to think it's a problem.That sets the pattern for their interaction afterwards.It takes a few weeks to convince Captain Rogers to join them."I'm starting to think he doesn't like us," Tony says. "And I'm beginning to take it personally.""Speak for yourself," Darcy replies in between sips of her whiskey sour. "He likes me and Pepper just fine."Tony frowns at that. So, interestingly enough, does Clint."The Captain is mourning lost friends," Thor says. "We should respect that." Then he waves the bartender over. "Boilermakers for everyone, my good man!"The next Wednesday, Clint comes down to her cube and leans a hip against her desk. "So there's this new bar that just opened in the neighborhood."Darcy looks up at him, grateful to rest her eyes on something pretty after a morning of scheduling, rescheduling, and re-rescheduling Agent Coulson's various meetings. "It's Times Square. There's always a new bar opening.""Sure, but I've got coupons for free drinks and wings," he says."It's not a titty bar, is it?"His gaze dips down to her chest and then up to her face again. "No. Not that that should stop us."She ignores that last bit. "Or a chain restaurant?""No. Though I don't know what your beef with chain restaurants is. There's nothing wrong with Friday's." He sounds a little sulky. "Thor liked it just fine.""Thor thought it w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Ensemble Cast
Humor
Romantic Comedy
thursday night drunk
Teambuilding

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

