Work Text:
  “Happy birthday, Tony,” Pepper’s warm voice filled Tony’s ear, followed by the light peppering of kissed against his cheeks until she finally reached his lips. Humming, Tony encouraged the kiss to go deeper and Pepper happily complied to his wishes. Snarking an arm around her waist, Tony shifted until he had his beautiful fiancé across his chest, his hair buried in her silky locks. He grunted when she pulled back but opened his eyes to see her smiling down at him. “Happy birthday to me,” he grinned up at her. Pepper chuckled, leaning down to steal one more kiss before pulling back. “What do you want to do today?”“Nothing,” Tony said automatically. Tony wasn’t big on birthdays. In the past he liked to put on a big show for people and every year they had lapped it up, eager for a for a good story to tell. Birthday’s had usually gone unnoticed growing up. His dad had certainly never done anything to acknowledge that Tony was a year older. His mother had always tried to make the day good for him and Jarvis would give a well thought gift but Tony had learned quickly never to expect anything grand. Rhodey and Pepper were the only other two who made him feel good on his birthday. The small, thoughtful and personal gifts hidden in his workshop because they knew he wouldn’t take them if they were given to him directly. The way Rhodey would always call on the day, even if he was away, he always managed to get a link to wish him a happy birthday. If he was available, the day would always be spent with just the two of them. That was until the kid came alone. Peter celebrated everything. He celebrated the anniversary of Tony taking over SI, Tony finding a badly wrapped ‘World’s Greatest Boss’ mug beside his coffee machine. Tony had laughed and it quickly became his favourite. He celebrated the day Tony was found in Afghanistan; this time Tony found a sheet of paper with a picture that was supposed to be Tony at what looked like a press conference. It was clearly drawn by a child and in the bottom right had corner Tony saw ‘Peter Parker’ printed carefully at the bottom. Tony hung it up in the lab and grinned at Peter’s cheeks went pink the next time he was over. The anniversary of Tony becoming Ironman was celebrated with Tony finding a new Ironman t-shirt amongst his clothes. Tony wore it proudly, even snapping a picture to send it to Peter who send a string of emojis back that Tony had zero idea of what they meant but he took it as a good sign. Peter even celebrated the anniversary of Pepper and Tony getting together (and how he found that one out was a mystery to both Tony and Pepper as neither of them had told him or even celebrated it themselves) and had given both Pepper and Tony a bunch of red-roses and had ordered them Thai-food with a card delivered with it. Pepper had cooed fondly at the gesture and Tony’s heart had swelled with love for the kid. Tony didn’t want to do anything for the day, eager to see what Peter’s plans were for the day. But as Tony got up, showered with Pepper, dressed and had breakfast, there was nothing from the kid so far. He wasn’t concerned and he sent a message to Peter inviting him over to spend the day in the lab. Usually this would be met with excitement, but Peter had responded with a message that made Tony’s heart sink a little. 
Sorry Mr. Stark!

Ned and I are seeing a movie! 

Star Wars marathon! Want to come? 

 
Tony shook his head, quickly replying that he was good and would see him later. Tony tried to do some tinkering but found that his heart wasn’t in it. He had been looking forward to seeing the kid and he was a little hurt that Peter hadn’t wished him a happy birthday yet. The kid remembered practically every other anniversary and yet couldn’t remember his birthday? Tony had also noticed that he had been spending more time with the Avenger’s for the past week, often passing up lab time to spend time with them. Tony wasn’t jealous, he was glad to see Peter getting along with the people who had become his family. He wanted Peter to be a part of that too, but he couldn’t help but feel mildly irritated that he was being passed up for them. Sighing, Tony gave up and wondered up to the penthouse to spend some time with Pepper. Their time was interrupted by the arrival of Rhodey, not that either of them minded. They ordered lunch and hung around, catching up on everything and reminiscing on the good old days and past MIT shenanigans they hadn’t gotten up to. As the light began to fade, Tony turned quiet, Rhodey giving him a searching look. “Alright, you’ve been not yourself all day,” Rhodey sighed. “What’s going on?” “Nothing,” Tony waved away his best friend’s concern. “You know me and my birthday.” Rhodey hummed thoughtfully and stood with a small groan, bracing whirring at the action. “Come with me. I want to show you something.” Tony, curious, stood up as well and followed Rhodey to the elevator. They stepped inside when it opened and Rhodey gave FRIDAY the com
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Feels
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Fluff
Cuteness overload
teeth rotting fluff
Birthday
Birthday Fluff
Misunderstandings
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Has a Family
The Avengers Are Good Bros
The Avengers (2012) Never Happened

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

