Chapter 1: At the Beginning
    




Chapter Text

Cover art by @ssyn3 on Tumblr. 

  
   
New York City
“Tony?” The voice calling up the stairs had Tony groaning, scrunching down further into the pillows and pulling his book higher over his face in an attempt to hide. Too bad he couldn’t really disappear into a story, otherwise he’d be sailing along the coastline of some pirate island right now instead of listening to Uncle Obadiah’s heavy footsteps in the hall. “Nephew! There you are.” The Alpha paused at the doorway and gave Tony a broad smile that only looked a little forced, only a little bit tired in anticipation of what was sure to be an at least annoying conversation. “I thought you’d be dressed for supper already! Have you picked out your outfit?” “For supper?” Tony scrunched further down into his pillows. “I uh-- I’m not hungry. Thanks but no thanks.” “Tony.” Obie’s smile struggled just a bit at the edges as he geared up for the same argument they’d had a hundred times by now. “I invited four different Alphas for you to meet tonight. Each one--” “I am getting less hungry by the second, Uncle.” “--each one comes from a good family.” Obie tried his hardest not to glare at the little Omega for interrupting, made a point to cover his fangs when he spoke so he wouldn’t come across angry. “I made sure they have steady, active careers since you seem to be dead set against bonding with someone titled--” “-- I have nothing against titles, I have everything against the Lord Stone.” “--but they each have enough money to support you in your current lifestyle should anything untoward happen.” The Alpha waited, but Tony didn’t have anything snarky to add, so he finished, “And also, the last time you rejected all attempts at a suitor, you promised you would make a genuine attempt to find a mate before your twenty fifth birthday.” Silence from the Omega on the bed, and Obadiah pressed, “Time is counting down, Tony. I think it’s time you pulled your nose from a book and set it to scenting up the right Alpha.” “Scenting up the right Alpha?” Tony peeked over the edge of his book and flashed a coaxing smile at his Uncle. “Come on, you can’t say things like that and expect me to take you seriously.” “You know what I meant.” the Alpha insisted, and when Tony sighed and nodded, Obadiah softened his tone, “Tony. You are far past the mated and married age of most your peers. And it would break your dearly departed Mama’s heart if she knew you were still alone in life.”“Mama would have rather me be alone then mated, married and miserable.” Tony put a bookmark in the novel and tossed it aside. “Uncle, I don’t know why you’re pushing me bonding so much. There really isn’t anything wrong with me staying here with you. Lots of Omega’s become spinsters, I would make an excellent old gossip at the Season events and I’d be perfectly happy chaperoning the young debutantes and--”“As an Omega and the sole heir to the Stark fortune, it’s your duty to carry on the family line.” Obadiah raised his voice, straightened his shoulders and delivered his final decision with all the weight of Alpha in the words. “I allowed you extra years because I knew moving on without your parents at your side would be difficult but enough is enough. You will be at dinner tonight, you will make an effort to be charming and furthermore--” He waited with raised brows until the Omega finally looked up and met his gaze. “--and furthermore.” Obadiah made an effort to lower his tone again, the hint of sadness in Tony’s dark eyes making the Alpha sad as well. “Tony, I won’t always be around to take care of you. I don’t even care if you are an Omega who lives separate from their mate, so long as there is an Alpha in this world to see to your well being once I pass.” He waited a beat for emphasis, and asked, “Is that too much for your old Uncle to request? That I can go to the great beyond without worrying about you?” “Ugh Uncle, no one can guilt me like you can.” Tony huffed and puffed, but finally sat up and threw his legs back over the side of the bed, planting bare feet on the ground and huffing all over again. “First using my Mama and then using your old age? You aren’t a day over fifty, you have plenty of life left.” “I’m nearly sixty and having you as my ward for the last fifteen years has aged me terribly.” Obadiah replied flatly. “You’re the entire reason I’m bald, Nephew.” “I’m positive I remember you being bald long before I lost Mama and Papa.” The Omega crossed to the oversized wardrobe and threw open the doors. “But fine. Should I wear red tonight? Or do you think the blue is softer?” “Thank you, Tony.” Obadiah’s familiar scent warmed in approval. “I’ll be back to fetch you for dinner soon.” “Alright, Uncle.” Obadiah left the room while Tony was still trying to decide between the red or the blue suit, the Alpha content to have won that particular disagreement and confident that tonight would be the night Tony finally found an Alpha worthy of his attent
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
stuckony - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Western
Mail Order Brides
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Strangers to Friends to Lovers
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Bonding
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Period Typical Bigotry
Period-Typical Homophobia
Pierce is a Wanker
Money Troubles
Developing Polyamory
Accidental Voyeurism
Pining
Relationship Negotiations
Oblivious Tony
Platonic Bonds
Until they turn Romantic HOLLA
Mating Bites
Tony Stark Feels
Romantic Bucky Barnes
Sassy Tony
Violence
bed sharing
First Kisses
Explicit Sexual Content
Flirting
Falling In Love
The Alphas Growl Way too Much
Plot Twists
Flash Floods
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Hurt Steve Rogers
Baddies Get Their Comeuppance
Rebuilding
Mating and Weddings
Happily Ever After

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

