Work Text:
  It’s not hard to forget that Peter Parker is an enhanced individual. He hides his physique under too-big t-shirts or sweaters when the weather was colder. His sunny smile, eagerness to help and to learn often disarmed those around him. Looking at Peter Parker you would never expect him to be Spider-Man. As it were, the Avengers often forgot about Peter’s spider tendencies when he wasn’t in his suit and it led to some interesting moments around the tower. These are just a few instances.  
Sam

 
Sam’s fairly knew to the tower. He has his own place, but he finds himself spending more and more time at the Tower with the rest of the Avenger’s, getting to know his team. Stark had given him his own floor, much to his surprise, and he tries to repay Stark in subtle ways (like making sure there is a pot of coffee on when he emerges into the communal kitchen and listens when Stark needs to talk, even helps him with the panic attacks the man was keeping under-wraps). Sam is unable to sleep one night. A glance at the clock confirms that it is nearing two in the morning and he sighs heavily. Pushing back the ridiculously soft sheets, Sam sits up and swings his legs over the edge of the bed. He scrubs a hand down his face and breathes in sharply before letting his hand drop away. Standing, he stretches and decides that maybe he needs a drink. He treks through the familiar halls, keeping the lights off and using muscles memory to get back there. He’s quiet and when he makes it to the kitchen, he dims the lights low, just enough to see but not light enough to not wake up anyone. He goes to the cupboard and pulls out a fresh glass. Closing the cupboard, he moves to the fridge and fills it up with cool water.   “Are you okay, Mr. Flacon?” Sam is not proud of his next move. Fight or flight instincts kick in and Sam reels back, throwing the glass in the direction the voice comes from. “Owe!” Glass shatters as it hits the floor and water cascades in a wave across the tiles. Sam is breathing heavily, hand-pressed to his chest as he stares up at the roof in shock. “What the hell?! Peter?” “Yeah,” Peter grimaces, rubbing his head where Sam had struck him with the glass cup. “Are you possessed? What the hell kid?” Sam rasped out. “No, I’m sticky,” Peter huffed. It comes soaring back to Sam in a blink of an eye. Peter was Spider-Man. He could stick to things. Of course, how could he have forgotten that the kid enjoyed spending time on the ceiling? He’s seen it often enough out on the field. “Right. Sticky. Could you get down? You’re giving me the creeps,” Sam’s heart finally begun to calm down. “Careful of the glass.” Sam watches as Peter crawls across the ceiling before dropping down beside him, landing lightly on his feet. Sam assesses the damage. There is a small red mark on Peter’s forehead but otherwise he is unharmed. “What are you doing up?” Sam asked. “I just go back from patrol,” Peter shrugged, and Sam blames the lack of sleep for his stupidity. “I was getting a drink. Same as you.” “Any injuries?” Sam asked. Tony had made it clear to them that they needed to check on Peter after a patrol if he ever came to the Tower afterwards and Tony wasn’t there. The kid liked to hide injuries. “None,” Peter beamed. “Good. Go shower and bed,” Sam directed, reeling at how paternal he sounded. What the hell had this kid done to them? “Okay. Night Mr. Falcon,” Peter beamed, happily agreeing to Sam’s request. “It’s Sam kid,” Sam called out the kid retreating form. He sighed, rubbed his face again and started to clean up the mess he made. After this encounter, Sam knew he wouldn’t be getting any sleep. 
Bucky 

 
“I’m sorry! I’m so sorry! Oh god, I’m so, so sorry,” Peter babbled, tears welling up in his eyes. “It’s okay,” Bucky assured Peter. They were in the Med Bay, Peter stretched out on a gurney. Bucky stood on one side at the top of the bed, holding Peter’s hand. On the other side, Tony was carefully running his hands through Peter’s hair, spewing encouraging words as Peter gritted his teeth and tried not to sob. At the other end of the bed, Bruce and Helen Cho worked on re-setting the break in Peter’s leg. They had yet to synthesise a drug that could knock Peter out. His metabolism was much faster than Steve’s and Bruce and Helen were still trying to mix something up. At the moment they were using Steve’s drugs, but it was only enough to take the edge off for Peter. Bucky had been tasked in holding Peter’s hand while Bruce and Helen set his leg. Bucky wasn’t sure why he had been chosen. Bucky thought for sure that Tony would want to be the one doing this. As much as the man protested that he wasn’t Peter’s father, their relationship was clearly just that. Bucky could see that Tony was itching to take Peter’s hand. He kept reaching for it, before pulling back as if remembering himself. Instead, he soothed Peter’s hair back, talking in hushed tones. It became clear to Bucky very quickly why he was tasked to hold Peter’s han
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Sam Wilson is a Gift
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Fluff
Humor
Fluff and Humor
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Is Soft
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

