Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Avengers’ movie nights became a bit of a thing about the same time Thor came back to earth. Between the confusion of a soldier out of time and a misplaced demigod, the team had their hands full trying to explain everything there was to know about the time and planet. Tony suggested movies, which made sense, since most Americans spoke pop culture more than plain English. Jarvis compiled a list that began with the early films shown in Steve’s time and continuously was added to as new movies came out. Once or twice a week, on no set schedule, they watched at least one old movie and one newer movie. Tony came to as many as he could, but more than any of them the genius was, quite simply, busy. He ran a multi-billion dollar company, worked as Iron Man, worked on the other Avenger’s tech, took contracts from SHIELD, and tried to be around as much as they wanted. The man barely ate or slept.Tony often ran late, and they started the movie without him. Clint hung out on a perch with a view of the entrance, so he could see the billionaire come in. Up in the shadows near the ceiling, he wouldn’t be surprised to discover that the others had largely forgotten his presence. They often did - not out of malice, just by virtue of his general silence and practice at disappearing, habits he had yet to break from undercover work and sniping jobs. Sure enough, about halfway through the movie, he saw a form slip past the open door, loosening his tie, entirely unnoticed by the others - even Natasha. The so called party-boy of New York was nearly as sneaky as the two assassins were, when he wanted to be. Two minutes later, Clint’s eyes were drawn away from the movie by another flicker of motion at the door. Sock feet under raggedy old jeans trailed up to a hip resting against the door frame for support, bracketed by hands loosely tucked into pockets. An old well-worn hoody with too-long sleeves looked as soft and warm as a sleeping bunny. Clint grinned a little when he noticed hair already stuck in awkward spikes from oil and engine grease; before his eyes landed on Tony’s face. He felt his jaw drop slightly. Tony looked over the others on the couch, closing his eyes for a moment as their chatter got a bit louder before fading again. The usually wary, ice cold and rock hard eyes of the Iron Man softened around the edges, drooped a little and seemed to exude light, instead of reflecting it in a hard steely glint. They drifted across the scene spread before them, as though trying to envelop it all in their warm chocolate depths, despite dark shadows of exhaustion threatening to consume them. A tiny smile touched his lips, slightly higher on one end, as if the face it belonged to couldn’t quite understand how to express the emotions its bearer held. As slowly as the expression had appeared, it almost made Clint jump when the marvelously real expression vanished in one sudden violent spasm, consumed by a brief glimpse of fear before settling back on Tony’s default, ‘you can’t touch me,’ grin. The billionaire was gone an eyeblink later, vanishing into the empty caverns of his enormous tower. Hopefully to sleep.“Clint, what is it?”He blinked, drawn back to reality as the lights came on and the credits rolled. “Nothing.” He replied thoughtfully. Natasha eyed him for a moment, and nodded; she trusted him not to lie if she needed to know. “I want popcorn. Anyone else?” he asked, climbing from his perch and heading for the kitchen to a chorus of ‘yes, please’s. Only to draw up short in surprise when he saw Tony slumped over at the bar, one foot resting on the bottom rung of his stool and the other dangling loose, breathing light and even. The coffee machine hummed quietly; in the eight minutes it took for coffee to finish, the man had managed to fall asleep. “Hey, genius,” Clint said softly, with a light touch to Tony’s shoulder.“Not asleep. Just resting my eyes.” Tony replied very carefully.“Well, I think sleep is on the menu. We’re only human, can’t keep going forever.”Tony’s eyes flickered open. “Can too.” He said, glaring with all the force of a drugged kitten.“Sure. Come on, up you get.” Either he had finally gone insane or Tony leaned into his touch. “Help me make popcorn and then you can crash on the couch in the rec room.” Long silence. If Tony fought him on this, Clint might just drug him. He might not need to; Tony verged on collapse, at the moment.“Yeah. Okay,” breathed the other man, looking intensely relieved.Ten bags of popcorn later, they returned to the movie, tossing out the bags as the others greeted Tony and thanked them both - before staring stupidly as Clint dragged the exhausted engineer over to the empty couch (the Avengers tended to huddle together around the loveseat and the other couch) and held his feet in his lap. “If you don’t sleep,” the archer said. “I am sitting on you.”“Duly noted.” Tony replied, rolling his eyes. “What are we watching?”“Kung Fu Panda,” Steve responded on automatic
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Clint Barton
Natasha Romanov & Clint Barton
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Jarvis & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Gifts
Presents
Wooing
Developing Relationship
Shovel Talk
happiness
Smiles
Cuddling
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Feels
Hoodies
Cute
A little angst
a little insecurity
Insecure Tony
First Date
nosey friends
matchmaking black widow

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Clint Barton
Natasha Romanov & Clint Barton
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Jarvis & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov

