Work Text:
1917 The cry rent through the air, rousing Loki from his stupor. He hadn’t slept since he’d given birth, too consumed with all that needed to be done to let his body recover.  The couch wasn’t particularly comfortable, but it accepted his tired body like a lover. Rising from it’s embrace pained him.“I’m going to die. ” He groaned, trudging over to the bassinet, “What could you possibly want? You’re warm, fed and you have a clean diaper. I’ve done everything.”From a soft white cloud of white linens, tiny hand flailed uselessly and tears poured from bewildered blue eyes.  The fatigue faded into the background as he reached inside to gently lift his son into his arms.“Don’t carry on so,” he rocked the baby gently, “this is the good part. You’re life will never be this simple again.”Impossibly, the baby stopped crying. Loki blinked down at him. “Just like that?”The baby took in a few more deep hiccuping breaths without a hint of another tear or scream. Curious, Loki made as if to put him back into the bassinet and instantly the tiny face contorted.“No, no, no,” he repeated softly holding him back to his chest, “all right, Daddy’s got the message, little prince. You’ll sleep with me.”The bassinet gathered dust. When the baby was awake, he was in Loki’s arms or near his feet playing with whatever toy had caught his interest. When he slept, it was in Loki’s arm or rising and falling gently with Loki’s own sleeping breath. 1925The vacant lot was a haven for the boys of the neighborhood. The convened there to play baseball, plan pranks and swap homework while chewing on thick wads of bubblegum. Steve hung back from the group, always curious and ready to join if asked, but aware that in the hierarchy of boyhood, he stood somewhere just above really annoying little sisters and below a really squishy patch of mud.“Hey, Steve, you wanna play ball with us?” One of the bigger, but not older boys, called out one sunny afternoon.“Yeah, sure.” Steve tried not to look too interested. Eagerness was asking for it.“Tubby’s home sick, so you gotta take left field.”Left field was a miserable position. Balls that weren’t immediately caught headed out into the street, putting the fielder in danger of being run over by any number of horses, yelled at by irate pedestrians or worse yet, lose the ball entirely. Losing the ball was a shame from which no one could recover from until they purchased and brought in a new one.Steve trotted out to left field, his stomach already sinking. He beat his mitt a few times and scuffed the ground to make sure they knew he was taking the job seriously, then settled in to wait.  At first, it seemed like he might have nothing to worry about. None of the boys were hitting very well and everything dribbled in. One ball made it to left field with very little steam and he was able to scoop it up and toss it back with relative ease for an easy out.“Good job!” The right fielder called and Steve had to fight back a grin.Then the local bruiser, a hefty ten year old named Buster stepped up the plate. The grin melted away. On the first pitch, Buster nailed the ball and it went soaring over Steve’s head and out into the street.“Home run!” The other team shouted, but Steve barely heard them. All his attention was for the falling ball. He couldn’t make a mad scramble for it like others might or he’d trigger an asthma attack.  Instead, he waited until he was sure it was lodged for good on the other side of the street under Mr. Pavorti’s fruit display.Falling into an easy jog, he kept his eye on traffic, nearly losing his toes to a distracted cart driver. By the time he reached the other side, the ball was no longer under the oranges. Instead, it was in the palm of a very tall, tough looking boy that Steve had never seen before.“Looking for this?” The boy looked Steve up and down, “You shouldn’t be playing baseball unless you’re the bat.”“Could I have the ball back, please?” It never hurt to at least start off with manners.“Why should I? You going to try to take it back from me or something?”“We’re playing a game.” Steve explained slowly, “We can’t keep going without a ball.”“Hell no.” The boy laughed, “Those guys won’t even let me near that lot. Let ‘em go home.”“You cussed.” Steve whistled, more than a little impressed, “Why won’t they let you play?”“Cause I cuss and I spit and I’m tougher then all of ‘em put together.” The boy squeezed the baseball until his knuckles were white. “And cause I’m from the wrong block, I guess”“That’s stupid.” Steve decided. “Come on back with me, if you give them the ball, I bet they let you take left field. They don’t want me playing and you’d be a much better batter.”“Aw, nah. I couldn’t do that.” The boy looked across the street, a half smile twitching on his lips. “Who needs ‘em anyway?”“I don’t.” Steve felt sudden solidarity for this other outsider, but certainly wasn’t expecting him to holler:“HEY, FELLAS!”The boys across the street tried to look like they hadn’t been w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sibling Incest
Incest
Hugs
PTSD
child of the gods
Warning: Loki
Protective fathers who are also gods
Father-Son Relationship
Fatherhood

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

