Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Omega Run was an event run by Tony Stark in California. He was a Beta who believed in the traditional gender roles, and had created an event for those who had the same values. The game was supposed to imitate the act of a traditional claiming. They pumped Omegas full of hormones to simulate a heat and told them to run, before releasing a group of Alphas. While all the Alphas were willing, only a fraction of the Omegas took part in the games on their own free will. I wasn’t exactly sure how they were acquired, but I knew that the whole event was extremely illegal. That didn’t mean that I didn’t agree with the event. In fact the minute my invite came in the mail, I packed up my truck and headed across the country to take part. 
 
	The cover for the event was one of Stark's signature parties at his mansion. The invitation stated to blend in, have fun and to subtly make our way to the guest house by midnight. The vibrant playboy atmosphere was not my scene, but I sipped on my beer and observed the crowds. It was a healthy mix of all three genders, Stark having to keep up his all inclusive image, so that nobody would suspect of the run that would be taken later that night. 
	“Captain!” I heard someone call, and was shocked to see Tony Stark himself coming towards me. “So happy to see you here.” 
	“You know me?” I asked genuinely confused. 
	“Of course! I love your videos.” He said the last part in a conspiratorial whisper, “Very enjoyable.”
	I tried to hide my smirk by taking a sip of my beer. He was referring to a series of videos I had made for a dark web version of YouTube, that had gained quite a following.  They were normally very graphic, teaching people how I believed the world should be. The most popular being a small series where I taught my son how to properly handle Omega’s. 
	“I would have said to bring your boy along, but the run can get kind of violent.” Tony told me. 
	“Unfortunately Bucky is with his mother this Summer.” I informed him, using the nickname I used in videos in order to protect his identity, “but don’t worry. If I do get something, it will be the perfect teaching tool.” 
	“Well I look forward to the videos, and I hope you get something good tonight.” He smirked, obviously knowing something I didn’t. “There is a particular prize I think you will really enjoy. I picked it out specifically for you.”  
	With that he left to make his rounds, leaving me to wonder what was in store for the night ahead. 
 
	I was not a fan of the party, and the moment I saw my chance I slipped out the back door and across the yard to the guest house. There was a guard casually sitting outside, but with one look at the black wristband I had been given when I arrived, he let me pass. There weren't a lot of people inside the very casual looking living area, four male Alphas and two females. There was also a petite female Beta who came up to me, informing me that there were rooms on the upper floor if I wished to store some things, or if I decided to spend the night after the run. She then handed me a packet and I headed up the stairs to wait for the real event.  
 
	An hour later, I had read through the intensive packet, and stripped myself down to my boxers. Apparently clothing was optional and a lot of Alphas opted to partake in complete nudity to indulge in their animal instincts. I decided that boxers were a good idea to keep me grounded. There were a couple rules to follow as to not permanently damage the Omegas, and I wanted to make sure that I didn’t try to claim the frail creature in its drug induced heat and make it sick. 
	There were a lot more Alphas when I came back down the stairs five minutes before midnight and Tony was standing on a table so that he could be seen by everyone. The packet was correct as most of the Alphas were completely naked, and those that weren't, had very few clothes on. We were all piled into the living room and had quieted down once Stark cleared his throat. 
	“Thank you all for coming out to The Omega Run this year. We are about to get started, but I want to make some things clear.” He started making sure he had everybody's attention. “The Omegas have been given drugs that make their bodies act like they are in heat, but their minds are still very much their own. This is a chase, and those that do not catch and knot an Omega will not leave with one. If you do manage to knot an Omega please prevent from biting them, this normally ends with the Omega getting very sick and problems with the bond. Everything else is fair game. We have medics on site, and we will send out a team at 2am for anyone who gets injured. Fighting is permitted, up until an Alpha enters an Omega then that Omega is off limits. If you do catch one, have your fun, then please return back here so that we can take inventory. There is one Omega for every Alpha here, but most years only half the alphas leave with a prize. They tend to be crafty, as those who go unclaimed win the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Dark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Kidnapping
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Dom/sub
Outdoor Sex
Incest
Pedophilia
Daddy Kink
Age Play
Breeding
Whump
Many more - Freeform
Don't Read This
Don't Like Don't Read
Objectification
Forced Masturbation
Public Sex
Watersports
Eventually Forced Pregnancy
BDSM
Bondage
Sex Toys

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

