Chapter 1: It Happened One Night
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Chapter One - It Happened One NightSteve Rogers had lived in Stark Tower for a month before he realized how it ran. Not the clean energy end of things that Tony bragged about (and that Steve only pretended to understand). Not much of what happened on the R&D floors because he really tried to stay out of any lab that was not run by Dr. Foster or Dr. Banner. (And he sure as Hell stayed out of Tony's workshop because no one in their right mind other than Pepper went in there willingly.)No, when he said "how Stark Tower ran" he meant he finally found out who ran it.Turns out it was Darcy Lewis.Darcy Lewis, the girl...woman...who had been living in the Tower when Steve arrived but whose job description seemed decidedly murky, actually ran Stark Tower. And, for some reason, when Steve moved in (after months of cajoling from Pepper, Phil Coulson, Natasha, and finally, from Thor) ...no one told him. Later he realized that it was because most of them didn't know either.Darcy Lewis ran Stark Tower...or at least the residential portion of it, largely behind the scenes and without acknowledgment.He found out by accident late one night, oddly enough because he could not sleep...and he had forgotten to buy milk.
 
*****
Stark Tower - Residential Common Area Kitchen...late night...
Darcy Lewis closed the cupboard next to the enormous common area fridge and tapped the screen of her tablet. They would be out of cereal within a day, that was clear. The hard part was deciding how much of each kind to buy.  Thor was fickle when it came to breakfast cereals. He would find a favorite, eat enormous quantities of it, then fall out of love with it quickly. Darcy tried to keep up but sometimes he got the drop on her and she was left with six boxes of Peanut Butter Puffins that none of the other team members wanted. At least when he had gone off Captain Crunch, there had been plenty of other takers.She heard a noise behind her and looked up.Well, then...speaking of captains...Steve Rogers, looking for once not perfectly starched and pressed, stood in the entryway of the kitchen. He wore sweatpants and a t-shirt whose fabric was doing a valiant effort to remain intact against the irresistible force that was his torso. Okay, maybe she was exaggerating just a bit. But really, why did all his t-shirts fit like that?"Hey, Steve. Did I wake you?" Steve, not Captain America. It had taken her two weeks to remember not to call him by that name in the Tower. They all preferred using their real names here. Except Tony, who probably called himself Iron Man every time he passed a mirror."Hey, Darcy...no, I couldn't sleep... Then I realized I didn't have any milk in my place..."He reached around her to grab a carton from the fridge, then a glass from the cupboard over the sink.Darcy nodded, and opened another cupboard to begin the decision making process about which pasta shapes to keep on hand. When she assumed she would never use her political science degree in the Tower, she hadn't known what strong feelings Clint had about rotini versus radiatore."What are you doing?" Steve finally asked, after watching her count elbow macaroni boxes and tap her tablet.She shot him a smile, even though she was trying to keep numbers in her head. "What does it look like? It is easier to do this at night when you guys are asleep. Otherwise, you all would distract me, or worse, argue with me." "Do...what, exactly?" Darcy blinked at him. "Oh, you're really asking. I thought you meant... Never mind, I'm doing inventory. Same as I do every Thursday." "Inventory?" He looked over the rim of his glass at her, then at the cupboards. When he lowered his glass, there was a slight milk mustache that Darcy had to look away from quickly, lest she do something phenomenally stupid. Like use "lest" in a sentence out loud."Inventory." She repeated, pausing to count bags of egg noodles. Natasha claimed to hate kugel but Darcy had noticed that there were never any leftovers when she made it. "Someone has to make sure this kitchen is stocked. And it needs to be done weekly because, duh, superheroes eat a lot.""But...why is this your job? Doesn't Stark have...something that does that automatically?"Darcy rolled her eyes and closed the cupboard. "Look at you trusting technology. We've made you dependent on microprocessors already. Actually, no. As awesome as JARVIS is - and you rock big guy...." She paused to say to the ceiling. "Thank you, Miss Lewis. As do you." JARVIS replied. Steve raised an eyebrow at that. "Is he flirting with you?"Darcy ignored his question because she was still working on the other one. Besides, her relationship with JARVIS was not easily explained. "As awesome as JARVIS is, this is a job for a human. A human that actually interacts with you guys, knows your moods, and preferences, etc. You didn't happen to notice how many more cartons
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

