Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“Peter!”

A distant voice cut through the sea of darkness that was keeping him from awareness. Peter tried to sort through the jumbled mess of thoughts and sounds that wove in and out of each other like a needle and thread, but was struggling to string together a simple sentence.
Hesitantly blinking an eye open, shapes and colours morphed around him as he slowly became more aware, the fog clogging up his brain clearing slightly.
“Peter, Kid, please answer me.”
There was that familiar voice again – the only thing stopping him from collapsing back into the darkness that was still relentlessly nagging at him, making it difficult to open his eyes fully.
Eventually, he came to, his senses returning to a bearable level that allowed him to think clearly. His eyes snapped open, panic clawing at his stomach as he realised, he didn’t know where he was. The white walls and white floors he was met with was definitely not his bedroom.
A painful thumping in his head had him reaching a hand up to touch the aching spot, only to panic further in finding he couldn’t move his hands at all. Glancing down franticly, he saw that there was a thick metal fastened around his wrists and his ankles, which were bolted to a chair that seemed to be made of the same hard material. 
Immediately, he thrashed and kicked despite the way the metal bit into his skin, hating the feeling of being so confined and helpless.
“Son, you’re okay. Look at me.”
Finally, Peter looked up at the voice he had involuntarily blocked out, in his panic not realising they had been trying to get his attention for a while.
Steve Rogers – Captain freakin’ America was staring back at him, slumping in relief when Peter looked at him. Peter noticed straight away that Steve was in a similar position to him, restrained to an identical metal chair just like his. But turning his head to face him meant he also had a clear view of the other occupants of the room.
On the other side of Steve sat Bucky, also known as the Winter Soldier, his eyes wide and alert as he looked around the room, searching for anything that could tell him where they were. And on the other side of Peter, to his left, was his mentor – Tony Stark.
Tony was slumped forward in his chair, his head bowed so Peter couldn’t see his face. He still seemed to be unconscious, which made Peter’s chest swell with concern. But still, he felt safer knowing the man was there.
“Holy cow…” Peter breathed, more to himself than anyone else as he realised the gravity of his situation. Images of hazy memories flashed behind his eyes: gas that made him drowsy, a metal fist colliding with the side of his head, his eyes slipping shut before his face had a nasty encounter with the ground.
Steve huffed a strained laugh. “You can say that again.”
“Where… who – why? – “
“I don’t know any more than you. I just woke up as well.” Steve tried pulling at his restraints again, but they didn’t budge. Must be vibrainium, he thought. “We’ll be out soon, don’t worry. Should be home before dinner.”
Peter had met Steve a few times. Once as Spider-Man, back at the airport – but that didn’t go too well since they were on different sides. And twice as Peter Parker, or Tony’s ‘intern’, as he had been introduced as. Similarly, he had only met Bucky a handful of times and even though he creeped the crap out of him, Peter thought he was a pretty cool dude, and not just because of his totally awesome metal arm. Neither new his true identity and Peter didn’t plan on changing that. He could already imagine the lengthy lectures on how a child shouldn’t be mixed up in all this, even though Peter was sixteen, which is basicly an adult.
“Uh, Mr Captain-America-Rogers, Sir, do know what’s wrong with Mr Stark?” Peter stumbled over his words, being in the presence of one of his biggest idols and simultaneously being kidnapped making him a little nervous.
Bucky snorted at how he addressed Steve but didn’t say anything.
“Steve’s fine, Son. And I assume that the drugs just still have him knocked out.” Steve’s brow creased in confusion. With his and Bucky’s enhanced metabolism and healing, it was unsurprising that they had already burned through the drugs in their system but that didn’t explain why Peter was so alert and awake. He ended up pinning it down to him being a growing teenager.
“Do you think it’s Hydra?” Bucky said suddenly, his voice low and quiet.
“Hope not.” Steve shrugged.
A quiet grown had the groups attention snapping to Tony, who had shifted in his chair. Slowly, he lifted his head, blinking lethargically like he had just woken up from one of his wild night outs.
“Mr Stark! Wake up!” Peter pleaded, his voice leaking with anxiety.
At the words Tony seemed to recognise they were in danger, as suddenly he gasped awake, his back straightening and his eyes wide. “What in the name of – “
“Mr Stark, we’ve been kidnapped!” Peter rushed, not so tactfully. 
“Stark, calm down.” Steve said as he saw Tony’s breath pick up. To say t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Protective Steve Rogers
They all need a hug
Heavy Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst
Swearing
Blood and Injury
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Peter Parker Lacks Self-Preservation Instincts
Flash Thompson Redemption
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Dark
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Angry Tony Stark
like lots of swearing
Waterboarding
Vomiting

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

