Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter Parker nodded a slightly nervous thank you to the woman who had ushered him into the office, and then looked around the room as she left, closing the door behind her. It was a fairly sparse room, really. The building it was in was occupied on the bottom floor by a bakery, which made this office smell incredible, but since it was only three floors, the little window didn’t afford much of a view, and the desk was small and made of cheap wood, while the two chairs were straight-backed wooden monstrosities that made the place look like it was straight from a prop room on some detective show set.There was a small basket of fruit, candies, and snacks on the desk and a bottle of expensive water with a glass and a container with ice cubes, but Peter ignored it all, wiping his hands on his pants as he sat down on one of the chairs. There was also a small folder that had his name on it in bold letters, and when Peter opened it, there was a simple form, and a place on the bottom for his signature. He read it, again, and then signed his name before closing the folder, again, and sitting back. His hand brushed against a piece of paper in the pocket of his jeans, but Peter didn’t need to pull it out to see what it was. He’d printed the ad the moment he’d seen it, and had read it so many times that he had it memorized.
Seeking a male between the ages of 18 – 24 for a project that will require a 12-month commitment. Successful candidates will be healthy, intelligent, able to work alone and without direction for long periods of time. Annoying people need not apply.
Peter had applied. He was carrying a full caseload at school, of course, but depending on what the job was, he would see if it was something that he could work around his classes, and besides, he could use the money. The initial application had been online, and involved what had seemed to be a million unrelated questions that had all required an answer before allowing it to be submitted. Some were about personal preferences, favorite foods, favorite actors or actresses, favorite kind of music, describe the best date night. Others were about history; parents, siblings, previous work experience (if any), very first pet, and what was its name. There were some math questions. Peter went through that section easily, but math had always been easy for him. There were some science questions, and he had no problem with those, either. The English ones were a little trickier – and they were complicated, but Peter answered them as well as he could without using the internet – as the instructions had stated at the top of the questionnaire.He’d submitted the thing, and then assumed that he must have failed to impress, because he hadn’t heard anything back for a week. Then an email had popped into his box, sent late at night, and he’d found another questionnaire. This one was even more specific – and a lot more personal. There wasn’t any explanation included, just another long list of questions. Some were designed as almost essays, although it was more like: Have you ever wanted children? Why? Or Why not? What would you do with $20? What about $100? What about $1000? There were a lot of questions about how Peter spent his downtime, and who he spent it with.That wasn’t really a problem, since he didn’t have any family, and had very few friends. He spent a lot of time watching movies, playing some videogames when he had time, and studying.Again, he completed the questionnaire, sent it in and this time he was a little more hopeful, so it was a bit of a disappointment that he didn’t hear anything back for several more days. When he finally did – and again, it was an email that had been sent to his inbox after midnight – Peter found another questionnaire. It wasn’t very many questions, but he’d scowled, this time, getting a bit tired of the mystery and tired of sharing so much of his own likes and dislikes without even knowing who was on the other end of things. When he took a quick look through the questions, he was annoyed to find that some were very personal, indeed. Cut or uncut? Gay or straight? Boxers or briefs? Virgin? If not, describe the first time?Peter had rolled his eyes at the obvious attempt someone was making to get some jerk material, and he’d simply deleted the email without answering any of the questions, deciding that he was finished with that particular job application.The next morning, there had been a new email. This one was an invitation to come in for a face-to-face meeting, and a virtual copy of the nondisclosure agreement that he would be expected to sign before any discussion was made at that meeting. Nothing more than an address and a date and time with two boxes, one that said yes, and one that said no, waiting for one to be checked. If it had been someplace out in the middle of nowhere, Peter would have deleted that email, as well. It wasn’t, though. It was in Queens, and not even too far from his little apartment. It wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg
not abo
Magic
Tony is Ironman
Peter is not spiderman
babymaking for money so breeding?
Everything is consensual
Starker
magic vagina
natural conception
all things involving guy on guy sex
pregnancy related discussions
Pregnancy
Tony's penis in Peter's magic vagina
some painful sex not on purpose
there will be angst and pining
baby related things - breastfeeding
lactate kink?
poopy diapers
baby spitting up on everyone and everything
Mutual Pining
Sad Peter Parker
post-partum depression
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

