Work Text:
  Peter crawls through the bedroom window five minutes after his curfew. He drops from the roof and closes the window as quietly as he can. He can hear May puttering around the kitchen and he hopes that she isn’t too mad about him being late. “Night Karen,” Peter said. “Good Night, Peter. Get some rest. You did a good job tonight,” Karen said warmly. Peter grinned and slipped off the mask, placing it gently on his desk before he slipped out of his room. “Hi May. Sorry I’m late,” Peter smiled sheepishly at his Aunt. “It’s okay,” May chuckled fondly, moving towards him. She stopped just in front of him and ran her eyes up and down him. “Any injuries tonight?” “Just a few bruises. Nothing that won’t be healed by morning,” Peter assured his aunt. He hated worrying her, and Tony, so he was making more of an effort to keep himself for getting injured on patrol. With his training from the Avengers, he was doing much then when he first started. “Good to hear. Come sit down. I’ve just made some tea,” May kissed his cheek before gently pushing him towards the table. Peter sat and happily accepted the tea his Aunt made him. It had become a routine to have tea after a patrol if May wasn’t working a night shift. She would wait up for him, make sure he was okay before they both headed to bed. “So, when were you going to tell me?” May asked, blowing on her tea before taking a sip. Peter had already taken a sip and he swallowed quickly, face pulling into a frown. “Tell you what?” “That you were getting an award,” May gushed, her eyes sparkling with pride. “This is a big deal Peter.” “I’m getting an award?” Peter repeated with confusion. This was the first he was hearing about it. Did the school call May? “For what?” “You haven’t heard?” May brows furrowed. “I thought Tony would have told you about it.” “He didn’t mention anything,” Peter said slowly. “You’re getting an award. Well, the Avengers are. For your hard work around the city and for saving them from that Rhino looking man,” May smiled. “They are doing a benefit. All the proceeds will go to help with the clean-up, and they will present the award there.” “Oh,” Peter blinked down at the tea in his hands. The Avenger’s had won an award? Peter hadn’t heard anything about. He was surprise that Tony hadn’t told him though. You’re not an avenger though, a small voice in the back of Peter’s mind spoke up. Peter took another sip of tea, feeling May’s concerned gaze on him. He wasn’t an Avenger. That’s why they hadn’t told him. “Peter, I’m sure he just -” May begun began to say but Peter quickly smiled at her. “No, it’s okay. I’m not actually an Avenger, Aunt May. Just the junior leagues,” Peter said, his voice too cheerful and he winced at how false it sounded. “Peter, you helped take him down. You were the one who did the final blow to him,” May’s voice was firm. “You deserve that award.” Peter shook his head. “No. It was a team effort and really, May. I don’t need an award. I don’t do it for that, you know that.” Peter stood, nearly knocking over his tea and he caught the mug before it could fall and steadied it. “Sorry. I’m going to take a shower, before bed.” “Peter,” May called before Peter could get to far. Not wanting to talk about it but unable to say no to his Aunt, Peter stopped and looked over his shoulder. “Yeah?” “I’m so proud of you and I know Tony is as well. Ben…he would have been proud of you too,” May smiled warmly. Tears burned Peter’s eyes and he swallowed thickly. “Thanks Aunt May.” Then he turned before his tears could fall and went and hid in the bathroom.  “If Peter webs here in his Spider-Suit then we can have a suit waiting for him here,” Tony said, looking around the group of Avengers that were gathered around the table. “He can put the suit over his Spider-Suit then he can keep the mask on for the event.” “I think you and Steve should accept the award,” Buck said quietly. “Team captains and all that. That would keep Peter away from the spotlight. We can stand around him, keep in the middle and stop people from asking him any questions.” “Good thinking Bucky,” Steve smiled. “I think Peter would appreciate it.” “It will look strange if we are all surrounding Peter,” Natasha said. “Rotating shifts throughout the benefit. Two with him at all times. That way he can never be left alone with anyone who may be wanting revenge or to earn a quick dollar.” “Tony, you still look concerned,” Bruce lowered his glasses. “Peter is shy,” Tony said. “I don’t want all of this sending him into a panic or into sensory overload.” “Peter knows when they are about to occur,” Bruce said carefully. “He can warn us if he feels one coming on.” “You know Peter,” Tony rubbed his eyes. “He wouldn’t tell us if he had a stab wound let alone feeling a sensory overload. I want this night to be good for him. He deserves this award more than any of us.” “That’s why we are doing this Tony,” Steve said. “We are making this safe for Peter so he can enjoy this award night.” “K
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Protective Tony Stark
Miscommunication
The Avengers Are Good Bros
BAMF Pepper Potts
Awesome Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Worried Tony Stark
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

