Chapter 1: I </3 NY
    




Chapter Text
It was turning out to be a suspiciously peaceful night in Manhattan... as far as criminal activity went, that is. Spider-Man swung from building to building almost listlessly. He careened through the air, swinging up onto familiar rooftop after rooftop, stopping briefly each time to surveil the area. It was becoming apparent that all of his usual haunts were eerily devoid of activity. It wasn't as though he was disappointed at the lack of commotion. Nobody was in danger that he could find, and that was what mattered. Sometimes it paid off living in a city practically overflowing with superheroes.
Maybe he could take the rest of the night off and finish writing a few papers. Lord knows he was anything but timely when it came to his course work. Yeah, he thought, Professor Martin is about at his wit’s end with me…
"And I thought I was the only one who talked to my boxes!"
Peter jumped almost a foot in the air as a gravelly, yet disconcertingly dulcet tone pierced the night air. He whipped around to face Deadpool. Why hadn't his spider sense gone off? The mercenary usually meant nothing but trouble, even though he seemed to have some sort of bizarre, fanboyish fixation on him. Plus, he totally ripped off his mask's design.
"So," Deadpool smirked cheerily through his mask, "You can keep on staring at me all starstruck - I know my dashing good looks are the envy of every belle at the ball - though I'm not wearing my evening gown at the moment, but hold on!" He began rummaging through his many pouches; none, of course, anywhere near large enough to contain an entire dress. "Honestly, you never know what's in these things, or even just behind my back, or anywhere, really, ready to deus ex machina themselves into being and, you know, actually-"
"Okay, look, stop, stop, stop." Peter interjected, a tinge of exasperation already creeping into his voice. He tried to muster up an authoritative tone. "Try to contain yourself for a moment and focus that goldfish you have in place of an attention span. Freeze the fishbowl if you need to." He planted his hands firmly on the merc's shoulders and whoa, they were huge. Deadpool was huge in general- taller than Peter by at least 4 inches and very muscular. This was going to be difficult.
"What. Are you doing. On the same roof as me. At this hour. Isn't it more like you to rush in, guns blazing? What do you want, exactly?" No papers would be getting written tonight. As the adrenaline of Deadpool's sudden appearance simmered down, Peter started to become more curious than anything. He backed off a little, putting some space between himself and the larger man. "How did you know which roof I was on?"
"Look, Spidey, I know you've got, like, important shit going on here, what with the swinging and the moping, but I'll have you know that I’m on an actual, boner-fied, S.H.I.E.L.D.-appropriated mission. Wait, now that I think of it, they did give me this thing, the foresightful bastards. Though why they thought my good word wouldn't be enough escapes me." The merc pulled a card out of one of his pouches with a little flourish before shoving it too close to Peter's face. The latter snatched it out of Deadpool's gloved hands to get a better look. It appeared authentic enough, embellished with the little bird-shaped logo, shiny laminate catching a stray neon light. There was a computer chip visibly embedded in it, which would be overkill for a fake. It even had his name and headshot on it (taken quite literally by Deadpool, who had a gun to his own head in the photo), so he knew for certain Deadpool hadn't just stolen the damn thing.
"Okay, let's say that- hypothetically, of course- I believe you. Out of anyone else at their disposal, why choose you, a well-established not-so-good guy?"
"Oh, Spidey, you wound me," Deadpool sighed melodramatically, holding his right hand over his heart. "Clearly, they entrusted me with this mission for my covertness and heroic resolve!" He stood tall, almost beaming. "So, obviously I can't tell you I'm supposed to drop in on a little get-together between Kingpin and the baddies of the week. Make the meeting less like a baby shower and more like a bloodbath, if you catch my meaning."
"What?! S.H.I.E.L.D. would not sanction something like that. I- I-" Peter faltered, momentarily pensive, brow furrowing under his mask. They did employ Barton and Romanoff, after all, who were constantly missing from Avengers Tower doing unspoken-of, less-than-savory things... Deadpool's story was slowly becoming more sound.
"Alright, the card looks legit, I'll give you that, but I can't have you just killing-"
"Assassinating," Deadpool corrected curtly, sounding almost offended, as though there was some sort of significant moral difference.
"Fine, assassinating people on my turf. There's always another way, and maybe I can help you find it." Was he really saying this? Surely he could steer Deadpool away without... teaming up. He shuddere
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Humor
Friends to Lovers
Spideypool - Freeform
Canon-Typical Violence
Mildly Dubious Consent
Frottage

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

