Work Text:
The funniest thing is that in the photograph that causes all the trouble in the first place they were arguing.Looking at it later, objectively Tony can understand why people misinterpreted it. He can even sort of see why they interpreted it that way. Still, they were arguing like they always did and yet...He's currently standing in Fury's office with Steve by his side, at attention or some goddamn thing like Steve always is. Fury is telling them that when it comes to public appearances, they are for the immediate future, together."You mean we have to go together?" Steve asks, a last desperate bid to derail whatever the hell is happening with deliberate misunderstanding. Tony gives him a sideways glance and by the way Steve's ear is pinking, it's definitely deliberate misunderstanding. Fury knows it too because he just snorts and doesn't even bother to respond. There's a woman standing at his shoulder in a black suit and a severe hair cut who's apparently come up with this little idea.God save him from PR people."It'll humanize you," she says, waving the paper around that has the incriminating photo on it."Do you really want to be humanizing Captain fucking America?" Tony snaps. He's not above using Steve as a very humanized shield and besides, it's true. The whole allure of Captain America is that he's the bastion of all that's good and proper and boring."Can you not use a curse word in the middle of my name?" Steve says primly, pulling a face and Tony throws his hands out, gestures between himself and Steve like see, worst idea ever."The novelty of The Avengers is wearing off," the woman, introduced as Celia Yates says. "People are starting to notice the damage bill.""The damage bill?" Tony says, exasperated. "What does that even mean?""People are starting to see you as nothing more than aloof vigilantes.""Vigilantes!" Steve gets out, going almost purple. "We were recruited by SHIELD. We're law enforcement.""People can sue the police," Yates says with raised eyebrows, like she's saying exactly my point. "As I was saying, while there was a novelty factor, while people were... awed no one thought about taking you to court. We're going to be buried in litigation the next time you take out a residential block.""We don't destroy things," Tony says.Yates takes a file off Fury's desk, flips it open and runs a nail down the page. "You hit a giant hamster with a bus. The city doesn't think they should have to pay for it.""That was Bruce," Tony splutters, "and the hamster was nine feet long and about to eat the whole class of adorable little kids that were inside the bus until we got there.""Be that as it may," Yates says. "We need people to start seeing you as one of them, start being able to relate. This couldn't have come at a better time.""We were arguing," Tony feels compelled to repeat, circling back to his original point. "Doesn't that tell you something about our current relationship?" Tony sees out of the corner of his eye Steve fold his arms and raise his chin, defensive. He's a nice guy, Tony knows that in a kind of peripheral way but they've managed to catch on each others rough edges since they met, unexplained and unplanned for but a fact all the same. Steve just doesn't like him and Tony figures it's got a lot to do with a deep-rooted disapproval of who Tony is, what he represents."It doesn't look like that," Yates says, holding the newspaper up again and it doesn't is the thing.Tony remembers that day, remembers Steve calling him a glorified Rock 'em, Sock 'em Robot and he'd grabbed Steve's hooded shirt and sneered at how cute it was that SHIELD had made him themed outfits. In the photo though, outside SHIELD headquarters, Tony was still grabbing at Steve's shirt but it looked almost playful. Tony's sneer looked like a grin because his eyes were hidden behind sunglasses and Steve's anger appeared to be something closer to fond exasperation."It's only for public appearances," Fury says in his best this is not up for negotiation tone. "You don't have to make a sex tape and post it on the internet."Tony leaves while Steve's still spluttering with indignation.

*
Clint and Natasha find it all hilarious. Bruce is sympathetic without really understanding the need for it and Thor is confused. Tony gets the unsettling feeling that Thor is picturing him and Steve dry-humping after he's tried to explain what Fury has asked them to do.If Tony doesn't hear Thor ever say the words feigning copulation again it'll still be too soon."I just don't understand how it's going to help us," Bruce says around a mouthful of Chocolate Chex. Tony's silently pleased that Bruce has actually started talking to them but it's not the way he would've chosen to open the lines of communication.It doesn't help that he's been dealing with all this alone, Steve hiding in his room ever since their meeting with Fury, steadfastly refusing to emerge. "He's probably uncomfortable with you guys living in sin or something," Natasha o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

