Work Text:
 
Peter feels like everyone is staring at him and it makes his skin itch. He keeps his head low as he weaves in and out of the students, heading to his classroom. When he reaches the classroom, he sees the familiar Miss May’s Grade Three Class banner on the door that they had all decorated at the beginning of the year. Peter feels lighter when he sees the small drawing of a llama eating the dot on top of the i in Miss that he had contributed to the sign.
He stepped into the classroom and the feeling in his chest lightens as he sees that not much has changed in his absence. He makes his way over to his cubby and slips is backpack into the hole. He has barely had time to straighten when he hears his name being called and he is pulled into a tight hug by his best friend Ned.
“You’re back!” Ned beamed brightly. “I missed you.”
“Miss you too, Ned,” Peter grins back just as brightly. He had missed his best friend and he was so excited when he was told that he could come back to school.
“We all did,” came Miss May’s voice and Peter looked up to see his teacher smiling warmly at him. “Welcome back, Peter.”
“Thanks Miss May,” Peter smiled shyly. Miss May was his favourite teacher. She was warm and teased them fondly but could always wrangle up the troublemakers easily. She encouraged their creativity and seemed to know that Peter found the math work easy and always came up with extra tricky puzzles for him to solve.
“Your mum, told me that she and your dad helped you keep on top of the work I sent over so you didn’t fall behind,” May said.
“I have it in my bag!” Peter spun to collect said papers from his bag. When he managed to yank them out, he all but thrust them into May’s hands. “Sorry it’s crumpled.”
“That’s okay,” May chuckled. “I’ll take a look at it. Now, have you got your inhaler with you?”
Peter put his hand in his pocket and drew out the blue container. Peter had been out of school for a week and a bit when he suffered an asthma attack that ended with him in the Tower Med Bay, just like the Avenger’s after a mission. Peter hadn’t felt like an Avenger as he struggled to breath on his own but his dad, Ironman, had told him he was the bravest out of all of them.
“Awesome,” Ned breathed, looking at the small container. “What does it do?”
“Helps me breath,” Peter explained to his best friend.
“That’s right,” May smiled. “Peter has to keep this on him at all time, Ned. If Peter is having trouble breathing, he needs to have this.”
Ned nodded seriously.
“I also want you to inform me if he is,” May said. “or if I’m not around, find another teacher. Can you do that for me and Peter?”
“Yes!” Ned all but shouted. “I can do it. I’m Peter best friend!”
Peter’s cheeks warmed and hugged Ned again. He was worried that Ned would have forgotten him since he was away for a whole week of school, but Ned hadn’t! They were still best friends.
May smiled fondly at them. “Great. The bell is about to ring so why don’t you get your pencil cases and take your seats.”
Ned and Peter nodded, doing as they were told and hurried to take their seats.

Peter was happy to be back in class. He finds that he can keep up with everyone in class and gets back into the rhythm of school. At recess he isn’t allowed to run around just yet, so he watches his classmates play a big game of tiggy with Ned while they play with Lego.
It isn’t until Friday that Peter learns that he has missed out on something.
“What did you get Betty for her birthday?” Ned asked at lunch.
“What?” Peter blinked.
“For her party on Saturday,” Ned elaborated. “My mum took me to get her some sparkly clips for her hair.”
“Betty is having a party?” Peter asked, his heart sinking in his chest.
“Yeah. She invited the whole class. Didn’t you get an invitation?” Ned frowned.
Peter shook his head as he stared at his sandwich. Suddenly, he wasn’t very hungry anymore.
“I’m sure she will give it to you,” Ned said, ever the optimist.
As the end of the day approached, Betty still hadn’t given Peter an invitation to her party. It also seemed that it was all everybody could talk about, making Peter’s sink in his chair and focus on his work until the final bell rang.
As soon as they were free, Peter said a hasty goodbye to Ned and walked as fast as he could out towards the pick-up zone. His mum and dad were working, and Peter hurried to the familiar figure of Steve Rogers.
“Hey Peter,” Steve grinned, holding his hand out for a high-five.
Half-heartedly Peter slapped the bigger man’s palm before dropping his hand and clutching the straps of his backpack. “Can we go home?”
Steve’s browse furrowed with concern, but he gently palmed the back of Peter’s head, guiding him towards the car. “Yeah of course.”
As fast as he could, Peter climbed into the back seat of the car and buckled up, waiting impatiently for Steve to get behind the wheel. Finally, they were pulling out into traffic and travelling away from the school.
“How was your day?” Steve asked.
“It was fine,” Peter said, foot kicki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Kid Peter Parker
Kid Fic
Peter Parker is Pepper Potts's Biological Child
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Precious Ned Leeds
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Birthday Party
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark is a Good Dad
Awesome Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

