Work Text:
Most people find Specialist Barton so annoying as to be impossible to work with. He's been bounced off so many black ops teams it's probably a record.Agent Coulson is made of sterner stuff.This is not to say that he doesn't find Barton annoying. Mother Theresa would find Barton annoying. Barton is an irredeemable asshole who hides in trees and drop ceilings and keeps up a running mission commentary of terrible puns when he gets bored.Coulson is capable of pretending to ignore all this. He doesn't jump when Barton appears behind him out of absolutely nowhere. He threatens Barton with paperwork to enforce radio silence.He is the only person anyone has ever seen completely ignore Barton's intensely creepy thousand-yard stare.--Phil Coulson is from upstate New York. He played football in high school and lacrosse in college. He was an Army Ranger. He spent ten years with the NSA.The spectacular catastrophe that brought him to Director Fury's attention in the first place was, in many ways, not his fault.Now he wrangles superheroes, alien gods, egomaniacal billionaire geniuses, ninja gymnasts, hundreds of SHIELD agents, and the World Security Council for a living.He likes bad reality tv about people who can't control their own lives and he's self-reflective enough to see the implications of that fact.--Agent Romanoff doesn’t stomp into his office, because stomping isn’t something that she does, but it’s a near thing.Coulson doesn’t look up. He’s reading the statement Darcy Lewis gave in the aftermath of New Mexico. It’s pretty colorful.“Can I help you, Agent Romanoff?”He likes Natasha Romanoff. She’s terrifying and highly efficient. He appreciates those qualities in a person.“Barton,” she says with finality.He looks up at her. She says nothing further.“Is this a game of word association? Sniper. Annoying.”“I would classify it more as ‘hazardous,’ perhaps.”Coulson leans back in his chair a little. This problem is not unanticipated.“Do you disagree with his placement on this team?”“No,” she shakes her head minutely. “His attitude and personal habits, yes. His inclusion, no. His aim is…” she trails off. Natasha Romanoff is rarely at a loss for words.“Yes,” Coulson agrees. “It is.”--"Everything on your TiVo is shitty people crying about their problems," Barton announces from his couch. He's drinking beer that he took from the refrigerator and he has his feet up on the coffee table.The security system on the wall says everything is green.Coulson drops his car keys in the dish on the counter, puts his briefcase on the floor and walks around behind the couch. He knows what's on his TiVo, but he looks where Barton is indicating anyway. Hoarders, SuperNanny, Maury Povich, Intervention, The Biggest Loser and Hoarding: Buried Alive (the History Channel knockoff)."Maybe I like their solvable problems," he says. "It's a nice change of pace. What are you doing in my house?"Barton rolls his head along the back of the couch to look up at him and his expression is more bared teeth than a smile.“Stark’s at HQ,” he says, like that’s all the excuse he needs to be off base and breaking into Coulson’s house.It kind of is. Barton and Stark are not allowed to be together unsupervised in the fear that they’ll get along and SHIELD will never be the same.He’s tempted to say, oh, alright, and see how long Barton will stay on his couch if he sits down and starts watching, say, Real Housewives. Instead he says, “Specialist, get back on base before I knock you unconscious, put you in the trunk of my car and take you back myself.”Barton is still looking up at him, his not-smile slowly becoming more amused. “It’s 3am. People will talk,” he says in his Midwest, raised everywhere drawl.Coulson lifts an eyebrow and doesn’t look away. Many people find the way Barton never seems to blink intimidating. Coulson is not one of them.“You’re no fun,” Barton says after a protracted silent staring contest that he was never going to win. He’s still smiling.Coulson doesn’t smile back. “It’s a curse,” he says mildly. “Get back on base.”Barton moves, smooth as an oiled machine, rolling his weight onto his elbow on the back of the couch and one foot on the metal frame of the coffee table, up and over and standing in front of Coulson. The whole maneuver takes less than a second.Coulson doesn’t blink, unwilling to be impressed, and Barton’s smile goes back to being a shark-toothed grin of challenge. He takes a step into the negligible gap between Coulson and the couch.He knows Barton has almost no concept of personal space, but he is way inside Coulson’s. He smells like cordite and desert wind.Coulson puts that thought firmly aside.Barton says, “Make me.”--Agent Romanoff gets up from the edge of the mat. The two SHIELD agents she was sparring with drag each other away, groaning and muttering."Would you like to go a couple of rounds?" she asks Coulson politely. "I find it very therapeutic.""I'm sure," he says instead of denying that he could use a little th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

