Work Text:
“Miss,” JARVIS’ voice cuts through Toni’s concentration as the music in the workshop abruptly goes silent.“J?” Blinking, Toni cuts the power to her blowtorch with one hand and reaches up to remove her welding goggles with the other.  “What’s going on, baby boy?”“I must advise you to direct your attention towards the news.”  There’s something almost tense in JARVIS’ voice as the television in the corner of the workshop switches from Animal Planet  to  CNN much to the bots obvious and vocal dismay.Brows arched high in curiosity and worry just beginning to blossom in her stomach, Toni swivels on her stool to see what, exactly, is going on.Because it has to be important if JARVIS is willing to interrupt the bots’ semi-religious viewing of  River Monsters.  Toni’s given serious thought to flying Jeremy Wade in sometime to meet the bots if for no other reason than the fact that she’s pretty sure U would actually swoon.“Please  tell me we’re not being invaded again already,” Toni half demands, half whines as unease and a now long familiar and always present fear begins to stir.  “I had that penciled in somewhere between six years from now and never and you know I hate having my calculations thrown off and showing up to a party underdressed.”Toni’s only half joking and they both know it.An invasion now would be … less than ideal even with all of the preparations she’s been steadily making since New York.Toni wants,  needs, more time to get more pieces on the board and in place if Earth is going to stand a chance at playing at the  higher level of war  Thor had once hinted at.  Not to mention all of the legislation that’s finally making its way down the pipeline after years of whispers and unease.There just needs to be more time, as much as she can manage to carve out, before things go bad again.But, if the past is precedent, then the odds are weighted far too heavily against her and time is likely to be one of the things Toni will seemingly never be able to get enough of.“Indeed Miss,” JARVIS agrees even as the volume on the television begins to click upwards.  “Though not another invasion, this will doubtlessly be yet another issue requiring your particular brand of …  finesse.”Brows arched high in interest, Toni focuses on the television just in time to see a plume of  scarlet shoot upwards into the sky right before an office building explodes outwards in a glut of flame and molten glass.CNN’s scrolling chyron reads  Live: Avengers Battle In Lagos.Toni feels ice trace all the way down her spine and spread out into her bones.“JARVIS,” Toni says faintly, voice coming as if from a distance, “get Priscilla on the phone and rally Legal and Recovery.  We need to get on this.   Now.”“I’ve already taken the liberty, Miss,” JARVIS says quietly, grimly.  “They are waiting for you now.”Toni sucks in a shuddering breath, squares her shoulders, and puts her blow torch down with deliberate gentleness.Her project is going to have to wait, there’s new work to be done now.  A new crisis to manage, new messes to clean up.But then, for Toni, when isn’t there?~~~The first thing Toni does is send aid.Of course she does, of course it is.It’s always the first thing she does in these moments.  Moments when she’s blindsided, when she’s out of the loop, when she’s too late to do what really  matters  and other people suffer for her  lack.She sends  Stark Recovery  out in full force, outfitted for aid of all types and manned as it is with the remnants of SHIELD that she’d scooped up and cradled close in the aftermath of The Fall.She goes herself too hours later after phone calls and emails and screaming has been done.  She goes to lift beams, goes to set up generators, goes to help as much as she can in some pale imitation to the aftermath of New York, of London, of Sokovia.It’s not enough.  It has never been and will never be  enough in Toni’s eyes but … she still goes.The others stay at the Compound, lingering in corners and in their rooms like silent phantoms.Maximoff with her glassy eyes, Wilson with his sad shoulders, and Natasha with her pragmatism and her eternally unbowed spine.And then … then there’s  Steve.Steve with his clenched jaw and his ever present  distraction.  Steve with his “we can’t save them all” and the way he never seems to look directly at her anymore.And Toni doesn’t … she  can’t …She thinks they might have lost something somewhere along the way.  Thinks that they must have missed a step somewhere.Thinks that something undefinable might have,  must have, broken between them, between all of them, because once it wouldn’t have just been her who left to try and help with a recovery effort.But  now ...Now Toni goes like she always does these days.Too little, too late, always there for the aftermath. Alone.And it’s not enough.It will  never be enough.But it’s all she has.It’s all she can give.And so she goes.~~~The legislation comes faster, backed by a Wakanda that seems intent to step out of the shadows. Spe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pre-Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Civil War Team Iron Man
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Always Female Tony Stark
Female Tony Stark
Alternate Universe Of A Alternate Universe
Angst
Violence
Team Cap Critical
T'Chaka Lives (Marvel)
Ambiguous/Open Ending
Pre-Relationship

fandom: 
Pre-Tony Stark/T'Challa

