Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Boss, Loki would like to enter.”“Mm… let him in,” Tony said absently, not lifting his head from where he was working. With the help of Sue Storm, Stephen Strange, and Loki, he was attempting to construct an invisibility shield for the armor. He thought that it could make a big difference if he could make it work for even a few seconds. So far, none of his attempts had worked. But he thought he was steadily getting closer.He heard the doors swish open and closed behind him but kept his attention on what he was doing until he felt he had reached a good point to stop. Had it been anyone other than Loki or maybe Thor, he wouldn’t have had the chance to do that: the Avengers as a whole were very jealous of Tony’s attention. They seemed to think he should have endless time for them whenever they needed him, regardless of what else he was working on.But Loki, and to some extent Thor, were a little more patient than that. So Tony wasn’t surprised to turn around, rubbing at his sore neck, and find that Loki had taken a seat on the nearest empty table while waiting for Tony to be free. Tony smiled at him, but Loki didn’t smile back. If anything, the frown that was already on Loki’s face seemed to grow deeper.“Um… everything okay?” Tony asked cautiously, casting his mind back to figure out if he’d offended Loki in some way. He didn’t think that he had, but it wouldn’t be the first time that he had pissed someone off without even knowing it.“Are you a Little?”The blunt question made Tony freeze. That was the last thing he’d been expecting Loki to ask.The world as a whole, except for a few people, believed that Tony Stark was a baseline. It was what Howard Stark had paid them to think, after all. Tony had spent much of his life worried that people would find out the truth, but he had mellowed a little bit over the past few years as he came to realize that, Little or not, he had forged a place for himself that no one else could fill.Pepper and Rhodey and Happy all knew, as did a handful of Tony’s personal doctors who were all sworn to silence and who had signed confidentiality agreements. So did Vision, because Vision knew everything that JARVIS had known. But there was no way that the former would have told Loki, and Tony was pretty sure that Vision wouldn’t have either. So that left one explanation.About six months ago, after much internal debating and speaking to Rhodey, Tony had decided to admit the truth to the Avengers. He’d thought that it was the smart thing, the responsible thing, to do. The team – Tony’s team – needed to know in case Tony slipped into his headspace out on the field. But even more than that, he’d wanted them to know because he needed help. He couldn’t do it alone anymore, not without JARVIS. He had foolishly hoped that the Avengers might be willing to step up.What an idiot he’d been.Tony forced himself to smile like there was nothing wrong and said, “Been talking to the rest of the team, I see. I thought that Barton wanted nothing to do with you?”“I heard them talking,” Loki said, very softly. “I went into the kitchen to get a coffee. They were in the living room. I didn’t have to try to eavesdrop; they were easily able to be heard.” He sounded a bit defensive, probably because Barton and the others still weren’t thrilled about Loki being here.“Yeah, that sounds about right,” Tony said, trying to hold back the wave of bitterness. Rogers, Romanov, Barton, and Maximoff were pretty rude to his face, so he could just imagine what they’d been saying when he wasn’t around. Wilson and Vision were the only ones who even bothered to be kind.“So it’s true. You are a Little,” Loki said with more confidence this time.Tony sighed. “Yeah, it’s true. Though I guess that really depends on who you ask. The team didn’t believe me when I told them.” He was careful to keep his face blank as he spoke. He never wanted anyone to know how much that had hurt: to build himself up and reveal a deep secret only to have the people he’d trusted think he was lying and throw it back in his face? Yeah, that was yet another scar to proudly bear.“Why?” Loki wanted to know, staring at Tony with unsettling intensity. Sometimes it was like those green eyes could see straight through Tony’s flesh and bones and right down to his soul.“They thought I was making fun of Maximoff,” Tony muttered, looking away from Loki’s eyes. “They thought I was trying to take attention away from her.” He couldn’t help curling in on himself a little bit as he spoke, remembering how completely humiliating it had been.“So, let me get this straight. You told them that you were a Little and they thought you were making it up?” Loki said incredulously. “Because you’re jealous of Maximoff?”“Pretty much. Crazy, right?” Tony forced a laugh, hoping that it didn’t sound as quivery to Loki as it did to him. But the truth was, this whole situation had really gotten to him. He’d accepted that he wasn’t going to get the kind of care from th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
alternate universe - littles are known
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
little Tony Stark
caregiver loki
Age Play Caregiver Loki
Little Headspace
Age Play Caregiver Steve Rogers
not wanda maximoff friendly
i mean this should be obvious if you have read ANY of my fics
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
wanda maximoff hates tony stark
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Diapers
Carrying
Cuddling
breakdown - Freeform
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
tony stark has self esteem issues
Loki versus Wanda
spoiler it doesn't go well for Wanda
Fluff
Angst
Angst and Fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Deserves Better

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark

