Chapter 1: The Third Eye
    




Chapter Text
Three days after they got back from Cuba, Hank blinked awake at 3am. Alex was breathing slow and heavy next to him, drooling on the pillow. Nobody was shooting at them. Shaw was still dead, Emma Frost in custody, and Azazel and Janos had promised to keep away from the mansion on pain of... well. Pain. Exorbitant amounts of it, in fact, via Erik and Logan. Everything was fine, for the moment.So why had his body just propelled him back into consciousness?“Hello, Hank, Alex.” Professor Xavier said, from the foot of the bed, where he’d apparently been sitting and watching them sleep.Alex stirred, blinking sleepily, then wakefulness seemed to crash on him all at once. “Jesus, shit, fuck, what the fucking fuck--”He hid under the blankets. Hank wished he had thought of that, but now Alex was hogging them all.“Professor? What are you doing?” Hank said, then blinked. “And why can I see through you?”“Oh, that,” Professor Xavier said airily. “I’ve been practicing my astral projection, or a semblance thereof.”Hank stared at him. Alex made a pained noise, somewhere between a groan and a whimper, from beneath the blankets.“It’s quite groovy,” the Professor assured them. Hank realized that he wasn’t actually on the bed, but rather floating a few inches above it. In a lotus position. Shirtless. Oh god.“Okay,” Hank said, because really, there was no other possible response. “Was there something you needed?”Charles cocked his head. “Not that I can think of, no. Wait, there was-- no, no, it’s gone again.”“In that case,” Hank said slowly, “I think it’d be best if you left. Alex and I need to sleep.”“You could go talk to Logan,” Alex said, voice muffled by the blankets. “He seems like a night owl.”Professor Xavier gave this some thought while scratching at his belly. Hank desperately wanted to shut his eyes, but was scared that he’d just continue to see the professor behind his eyelids. Seriously, astral projection?“That sounds like a splendid plan,” Xavier said. “Goodnight, boys.”No sound, no wind, no puff of air: the Professor just vanished.After a moment, Alex asked, “Is he gone?”“Yeah.”He emerged from underneath the blankets. “You are taking him off that fucking morphine, Hank. I don’t care if he still has a hole in his gut, I can’t handle this shit.”“We’ll start weaning him off tomorrow,” Hank agreed. He lay back down, pulling the blankets out of Alex’s death grip. Alex yanked them back, and this led, as it nearly always did, to a very short wrestling match. Hank put up a token resistance, but ended up in a familiar position: Alex straddling him, pinning his wrists to the bed. Hank could have gotten out of the hold without much (if any) effort, but it was easy to let Alex do this, and there’s an obvious reward: Alex staring down at him, wide-eyed and wanting, their legs twined together. Hank wasn’t sure when he started craving being the the object of that gaze, but he’d started doing some ridiculous things to get it.He licked his lips. Alex grinned and shifted his hips, leaning down until he was hovering a few inches above Hank’s mouth.“WHAT THE FUCK IS -- ARE YOU LEVITATING?!” Logan’s voice thundered down the hall.They both collapsed in giggles. The moment was ruined, but this was just as good.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon

fandom: 
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

