Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was quiet. Too quiet. The hair on the back of Tony’s neck rose and he slowed his pace, even though all he wanted to do was break out into a run. He was keenly aware that running would just draw attention to him – attention that he couldn’t afford to have on him right now. No, he needed to blend in and make sure that anyone looking at him just saw another beta scavenger. They were common enough now.He drew himself up, straightening his spine so that he looked as tall as possible, and hiked his backpack higher on his shoulder to give himself the illusion of bulk. He didn’t look down at the ground but stared straight ahead. His eyes took in the surrounding areas, and he was able to quickly plot an escape route. Down that alley, up over the fence, through another alley: he’d be gone before the eyes on him had the chance to follow.It took only a couple of minutes for him to execute his plan. Tony dodged down a handful of alleys and emerged several streets away, dirtier but free. He hadn’t concluded all of his business, but he decided that it was better to leave rather than stick around. The town had been pretty picked over anyway; it wasn’t worth potentially running into some trouble.That thought carried him all the way to the outskirts of the town, and he was just starting to feel less spooked when someone stepped out of the woods and onto the path in front of him. Instantly Tony tensed, fighting the urge to back up a step. The man in front of him was big. Easily bigger than Tony. Probably had a good foot and about fifty pounds on him. “Excuse me. I’d like to get by,” Tony said politely, wondering if the guy spoke English. Ten years after the Apocalypse, languages were a mixed bag. You never knew what you were going to run into.“Tony?” the guy said.Tony’s heart skipped a beat. The winds shifted, bringing a waft of the guy’s scent right to his nostrils, and this time his heart stopped entirely. Because that was unmistakably an alpha scent.“No. That’s not my name,” Tony said shortly, all signs of politeness gone. “Yes, it is. Tony… I can’t believe I’ve found you after all this time.” The guy took a couple steps forward, just enough to bring his face into the light. Tony stared hard at him. Dark blond hair that fell into blue eyes. A shaggy beard that could definitely use a trim. He didn’t look familiar at all. But then, it had been well over eight years since Tony had regularly spoken to anyone. This scruffy guy could’ve been anyone from his past – or worse yet, from his father’s past. Howard was long dead now, having passed away about six months before the so-called end of the world, but it hadn’t taken Tony long to figure out that some people never forgot.“No, it’s not,” Tony said, a little more firmly this time. He tightened his fingers around his bag. An alpha’s nose was a little stronger than that of a beta or an omega. He hadn’t really tested this new strain of suppressants against an alpha, and this wasn’t how he’d wanted to do it.“Tony, don’t you recognize me?” The guy looked hurt now, and Tony decided that he was officially dealing with someone who was crazy. That wasn’t good. ‘Crazy’ could mean anything from unhinged to feral to genuinely dangerous.“I don’t know you because I’m not Tony,” Tony shot back. “Come on, man. I’m just trying to get back.” He didn’t want to move closer and risk letting the alpha get a better scent but going off the beaten path wasn’t really safe either. Tony weighed his options briefly but quickly decided that going off the path was less likely to end with him being murdered or worse.Or so he thought.No sooner had he taken a few steps towards the foliage than the alpha growled and suddenly jumped towards him. Tony jerked to the side instinctively, feeling almost sick with nerves, and managed to avoid the alpha’s hands. He ducked down and threw himself to the side and into the bushes. Sharp twigs caught at his hair and clothing and he squeezed his eyes shut, biting back a yelp as he came to rest on some rocks. That was definitely going to bruise.But now wasn’t the time to think about it. Not when the alpha was grunting somewhere behind him. Tony pushed himself up and got his feet under him. He scrambled upwards, planning to lose himself in the woods, but a hand caught the nape of his neck. A tingly feeling rushed through Tony’s limbs and he gritted his teeth as he felt himself going limp.He hated being scruffed. It felt like the ultimate sign of weakness, considering that it was something that only omegas responded to. If the alpha hadn’t known that Tony was an omega before, then he definitely knew now. Tony’s mind started racing in search of a way out of this, but he was coming blank. His heart started hammering as the alpha’s other arm wound around his waist, helping to support Tony’s weight. It made things a bit more comfortable, but that was the least of Tony’s concern right now.“Now, now, you don’t need to run anymore,” the alpha whispered into
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - ABO
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
so more tagged couples will probably appear
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Beta Bruce Banner
Beta Clint Barton
Mating
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Fingering
Cunnilingus
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
scruffing
old-fashioned values
Mildly Dubious Consent
in that tony isn't initially interested in being the pack's omega
but they come to an understanding
and the sex is all consensual
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Bruce Banner
Protective Clint Barton
Canon Typical Violence
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark

