Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony woke to alarms blaring.An attack. Yippee.He really didn't want to get up. He was sore and tired and just completely exhausted. He wanted to bury back under the sheets and fall asleep for another couple hours. Sleep was hard enough as it was without the stupid attacks all the time.Steve however, was straight onto it. He had jumped out of bed and was preparing to get dressed, shouting over his shoulder at Tony to get up which the genius did with very little enthusiasm.His muscles ached as he stood, stretching out a bit and grimaced as pain sparked in his lower back and on his hips. He pulled up his top and scowled at the dark purple bruises the Captain had left from last night.Hands slid carefully around his waist, mindful of the fresh bruises. Tony turned in the arms, looking up at Steve through his lashes, not quite meeting the super soldiers concerned eyes. "I'm alright, Steve," he said, answering the unasked question.Steve chuckled. "You always seem to know what I'm about to say, don't you?"Tony shrugged, fiddling with the bottom of his shirt, not looking up at Steve.Steve frowned and lifted Tony's head to meet his eyes. "You're not still mad, are you?"Tony shook his head, knowing there was only one real answer for that. "No."Steve narrowed his eyes. "You're lying, aren't you?"Tony gulped, shaking his head. "N-no, I'm not. Steve, maybe we should go. The others are—""They can wait," Steve said sternly. "You are angry," he decided.Tony didn't answer. He wasn't angry. No. He was upset. Upset that Steve didn't believe him when he tried telling him the truth."I just got frustrated, Tony. It's hard to trust someone who used to be a playboy," Steve tried, moving his hand through his blonde hair. "I know you, Tony. I didn't like the way you were looking at that lady at the bar."Alarms still blared but right now, Tony ignored them. Steve hated it when Tony was distracted when he was speaking to him. Though Tony still fretted at the back of his mind what the emergency could be. What if while they stood here talking, people were getting hurt?"I wasn't looking at her in any way," Tony said after a moment."But how can I trust that?" Steve said, frowning. "I don't know how to trust you. I'm trying but you're not helping cases."Tony bit his tongue from saying something he would regret. "I'm with you, Steve. No one else. I...I love you."Steve stared at Tony for a moment before sighing, leaning down and pecking Tony's cheek gently. "I know you do," he said, drawing back. "I just wish I could trust you.""You can, Steve. I would never do anything to hurt you," Tony said quietly."Or cheat?""Steve—"Steve grabbed Tony's wrist, squeezing hard and Tony gasped, attempting and failing to get his arm out of Steve's painful grip. "Say you won't cheat, Tony!""P-please, Steve! You're...you're hurting me!" Tony whined, tears pooling in his eyes.Steve only squeezed harder. "You're mine, Tony. Now say it!"Tony sobbed. "I-I won't ch-cheat."Steve held Tony a moment longer before the grip loosened up so it wasn't painful. Steve lifted Tony's arm, pulling the sleeve back. Tony flinched at the now growing bruise on his wrist, watching as Steve gave it a light kiss, barely missing the scars. "I'm sorry, Tony. I just...I don't want to lose you," Steve said softly, looking up at Tony with desperate eyes, willing Tony to understand.Tony forced a nod. "I-I know. You won't. I won't ever cheat on you. Please, I know I haven't earned your trust yet, but give me a chance to show you that you can."Steve pressed his lips together tightly. Tony held his breath, clenching and unclenching his other hand Steve didn't have in his grip."Alright. I'll give you a chance," Steve said softly.He smiled then, what looked like a sincere smile. Tony melted at it. He loved Steve. He really did. Tony knew that Steve was only making sure he behaved. As an omega, Steve put a lot of trust into Tony, trusting him not to make Steve look bad."Come on, let's go," Steve said, his grip light now as he tugged Tony towards the door.Tony followed after him, repeating the words he hoped...no, that he knew were true...in his head, over and over.'He loves me, he loves me, he loves me.'"You two are late."Tony took his seat beside Steve. Usually Fury didn't get involved in missions, only letting the Avengers know when the bad guys were up to no good. This time however, he was getting involved because the bad guys in question were Hydra, Shields number one enemy.Tony looked down at Fury's hard gaze to his lap. He forced himself to keep his mouth shut from making a smart retort. He used to be full of them. Funny quips that would make the team laugh and even Fury give a slight smile. Now however, he would stay silent, let Steve make an excuse for their lateness. Steve would only be angry at him if he said anything. He ignored the stinging pain in his wrist where Steve's painful grip ghosted over the skin."Tony woke up late, Sir," Steve supplied and Tony gla
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Omega Verse
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Abusive Relationships
Physical Abuse
Sexual Abuse
Sexual Violence
Rape/Non-con Elements
Self-Esteem Issues
Self-Hatred
Self-Harm
Suicide Attempt
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Eating Disorders
Violence
Threats of Violence
Beating
Hydra (Marvel)
Implied/Referenced Torture
Whipping
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Sex Toys
Butt Plugs
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Evil Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony Stark
Insecure Tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Angst and Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

