Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony staggered as he stepped into his room after dinner, a burning sensation crawling across his ribs. Excitement, hope and trepidation warred in his chest when he tugged off his shirt.Harry James Potter was written in shiny black calligraphy across his rib cage on the left.Huh.Tony had not expected it to be a boy. Not that he had an issue with being gay, not that he was convinced he was gay, but anyway. Realisation struck and checking his watch, he saw it was just gone 6:30 pm on 31 July 1980. Tony had had his tenth birthday just a few months ago and couldn't help the thrum of excitement at now knowing he had a soul mate. Only when your soul mate was born did you get their name. Harry would have been born with Tony's name in the same place.Brushing his fingers over the words, he concentrated on sending affection through the fledgling bond that had bloomed with Harry’s first breath. It could be ignored, of course, the bond could be left unfinished and as they got older it would fade to nothing more than a thread, but the words would remain, as would the potential. Not everyone had a soulmate, but it was common enough, like blue eyes, or red hair.He knew that Harry, his Harry, would be too young to understand anything, but he would be able to feel what was sent through. Tony could only hope that one day it would be reciprocated. Stories had been told of how soul mates could feel each other’s joy and pain through the fledgling bond, allowing some kind of connection to begin long before they met.Sitting down on his bed, Tony looked around the private room in the exclusive New York boarding school his father had sent him to. Late at night, when he was alone and supposed to be sleeping, Tony couldn't help but wonder why his father had agreed to have a child. Howard wanted nothing to do with him. When Tony had shown an aptitude for the sciences, he had been shipped off to the best boarding school money could afford. A Stark would never accept anything less than the best, even on inconsequential things.It was lonely, being sent away so young. Tony had been practically raised by Mr Jarvis and his wife Ana. They were the butler and housekeeper for his parent’s estate respectively. In reality, though, they were the parents he had always dreamt of. When Howard and Maria were absent, which was often, the pair would dote on him. Tony’s mother tried to love him, but he suspected something was fundamentally broken in the woman. He was only now, just old enough to see that she was the problem, rather than him.The only other adult he knew was Obadiah Stane. His father’s business partner and Tony’s godfather. Obadiah always took the time to listen to Tony, to find out what he was interested in. Obie nurtured Tony’s genius, encouraging him to greater heights that Howard couldn’t even imagine. Part of Tony wondered whether his father was jealous over his brilliance, but Howard was a genius in his own right.Instead of caring about his family or company, Tony’s father was always elsewhere, always searching for Steve Rogers - Captain America. Tony meant little to the man who was supposed to cherish him, treating him as nothing more than an annoyance and a burden whenever they were together. It didn’t matter what Tony did to try and make the man happy, it was never enough. Tony had been was seven when he had built his first engine, and in return, Tony had been sent away. It had been the final straw. Tony had decided that if his father couldn’t care about him, he wouldn’t care about his father. Tony didn’t need Howard or Maria. He was fine on his own.Tony was already on the fast track to graduating from high school early. He hoped to graduate at 14. His mother had quietly suggested (one of the few times he had seen her since being sent away) that Howard would be pleased if Tony went to MIT. Part of Tony wanted to avoid MIT, just to spite his father, but it was an excellent school and he could admit, if only to himself, in the dark of night, that some part of him craved his fathers' approval. So, he had been working hard and had already put feelers out with the university and they seemed enthused at the prospect of taking on the Stark prodigy at 15 years of age. He wondered how he would meet Harry; when their paths might cross in the future. He hoped that Harry would see Tony for himself, rather than for the money or the name everyone else seemed to see.He only hoped his father wouldn't kill him for having a male soul mate.Jerking upright, his eyes widened in horror. His father could and would kill his soulmate. Howard was a horrific homophobe, this all the while he was obsessively searching for one Captain America (but let's not open that can of worms). Pacing, Tony mentally ran through different ways he could hide his soul mark. Long term he would need to create a waterproof film that he could apply, and it would take on the colour of the surrounding skin tone. It would need to be smart enough to filter 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Implied/Referenced Blow Jobs

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

