Chapter 1





Chapter Text

The job is no different than any he’s accepted in the two years since Howard cut him off. 


There’s the time and address specified, the deposit sent to his account to secure his evening, and a dress code that makes him frown--


Comfortable clothing, no bruising or marks. 


Tony taps a finger against his chest, but the client checked out when Pepper ran his info, and Happy will take him. 


He hesitates for just a moment, but there’s a hole in his schedule and bank account where Senator Bell had been, and he needs 

something

 to fill it. 


S.G. Rogers might not be that something, but he’ll do for now. 


Tony clicks accept. 

 

~*~ 

 

The brownstone is in Brooklyn, far enough away from his apartment in Manhattan that it’s almost enough to make Tony turn down the job. 


But the pay--good lord, even for him, it was nothing to scoff at. 


He sips his champagne in the limo as Happy drives through the city and he wonders if this is what Howard expected, when he cut Tony off--that he’d make enough money sucking cock and smiling at the side of rich, bored men and women to fund his inventions. 


Rhodey had promised, had 

sworn

 that it was the best thing to ever happen to him, and for a while, Tony hadn’t believed him. 


But Pepper needed a plus-one to a art thing, and he impressed her, escorting her around the gallery and murmuring who was who, and who could be coaxed into what donation and who had just recently had a nose job done. They had fucked, after, an impersonal but fun thing, and he left her smiling drowsy and sated into her pillow while he went home to his half finished bots and two days later, Pepper had asked to meet him for lunch. 


She greeted him with a check and an list of friends and a plan that seemed so insane it couldn’t possibly work--but it’d piss off Howard and insane was kind of Tony’s favorite thing, so why the fuck not? 


Except it 

had

 worked. 


He spent his evenings and weekends being wined and dined, using the skills bred into him at Maria Stark's behest to make a damn fine living, and his days inventing and churning out patents that were giving SI a run for its money and he was 

happy. 



He straightens as Happy slows the limo and peers out. The brownstone is unassuming but well maintained, steps neatly cleared of snow and a festive green garland wrapped through the handrail to match the wreath. 


It's not the most impressive place he's had a job, but its mot the least either. He tugs the cuffs of his sweater down and pushes back his hair, curling a little at the nape of his neck, before he climbs the stairs. 


The door opens before he can knock and for a moment, Tony is speechless. 

 

~*~ 

 

“Hi. I’m Steve.” 


Steve. 


S.G. Rogers is 

Steve.

 He’s a tall man with broad shoulder and eyes so blue they almost seem unreal, long fingers stained with charcoal and silver hair that hangs in his eyes.


He’s older, and so fucking beautiful Tony can’t actually breath for a second, and he's never been so glad to be a paid whore, and he wants nothing more than to kneel for this man, to beg for him and call him daddy. He swallows hard. 


"You must be Tony," he says, and smiles. 

 

~*~

 

He leads Tony into a house that’s cozy and elegant, understated but lovely, escorts him to a kitchen bar and says, “Dinner isn’t quite done.” 


“We’re staying here?” Tony blurts out, startled, and a smile flickers in the corners of Steve’s expressive mouth, hidden in the scruff of a silver and golden beard. 


“Yes, I know most of your--clients--prefer to take you out, but I have something unique in mind.” 


For a heartbeat, Tony bites his lip because whatever he wants, Tony is pretty sure he’ll give it to him, and wouldn’t even charge a cent. 


The thought of Pepper, outraged and indignant, fills his mind and he makes an apologetic moue. “I don’t do anything that isn’t pre-arranged.” 


Steve looks startled, and then he laughs and good lord, Tony thought he was pretty before, but then he 

laughs

 and it’s like the whole goddamn room lights up. Blue eyes twinkle and Steve shakes his head, grinning, but there’s a touch of red on his ears and Tony wonders what can make a man who’d hire an escort 

blush.



“Drink your wine, sweetheart,” Steve says. “We’ll talk after dinner.” 

 

~*~ 

 

They don’t talk about 

business 

during dinner--a rack of lamb with a cherry wine glaze, baby potatoes, crusty bread that Steve apologizes is from an artisanal bakery, tender brussel sprouts swimming in chili soy sauce, followed by a lemon ricotta cheesecake sprinkled with sugared blueberries--but Tony guides the conversation, as much as he can. 


He learns this: Steve Rogers is an artist, that he enjoys classic movies, that he is generous and sweet, and 

nervous. 



He watches Tony as Tony nibbles a brussel sprout, and there’s something about his gaze that makes Tony think he’s never done this before. 


That maybe tonight isn’t as straightforward as the j
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Artist Steve Rogers
Escort Tony Stark
Sex Work
Pining
Daddy Kink
Consent is Sexy
Silver Fox Steve Rogers
I will populate that tag all by myself if i have to
Twink Tony Stark
Light BDSM
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Shibari
Subspace
Aftercare
gentle dom Steve Rogers
we deserve that tbh
so does tony
Age Difference
Jealous Tony
Safewords
Honestly these two really need to talk
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Unreliable Narrator
Eventual Happy Ending
Daddy Issues
(but not the good kind)
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Marking
Come Marking
Possessive Behavior
Service Top
Lingerie
Feminization kinda sorta not really

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

