Chapter 1: The Blue
    




Chapter Text
Alone in the Queen’s garden, a young boy sat on the ground, eyes on his hand as snowflakes fell on his skin. It had been snowing in Asgard for a few hours now, the white flecks had settled covering the boy’s dark hair and shoulders in small hills of snow and the amount on the floor reached the boys knees. But it wasn’t the snow that the boy was interested in. It was how the tips of his fingers turned blue. Not the bright red of someone who was cold, or the bruised blue-purple of frostbite, but solid night blue. It didn’t hurt as the boy squeezed and flexed his fingers, nor was the boy cold.“Loki!”Pausing in his investigation, the boy wheeled around, scanning the garden and soon finding a blonde boy swathed in a thick red cloak lined with white fur running towards him. “Thor,” he greeted, standing up, clasping his hands behind his back to hide his fingers.“Loki, what are you doing out here? It’s freezing!” Thor asked, visibly shivering despite his furs and breath leaving his mouth in a plume of white mist.“Just… watching the snow,” Loki shrugged, noting how his own breath wasn’t warm enough to create mist in the air.Thor’s face scrunched in as he looked at Loki. After a moment, he waved Loki closer, “Well… you can watch it inside right? Come on, you’ll catch a horrible cold, brother.” Thor kept his arm out, waiting for Loki to sidle up before wrapping his cloak around both of them and directing them inside. “You’re freezing.”“It’s not that cold,” Loki mumbled back, pouting a little as Thor rubbed his arm up and down.“It’s bloody freezing and you’re so cold I wouldn’t be surprised if you turned blue!”Loki stopped dead, Thor taking a step further and stumbling before also pausing and turning with confusion obvious in his face. “You wouldn’t be surprised if I turned blue?”“Well… it’s just an expression,” Thor frowned. “If you did suddenly turn blue, I’d be very worried. You know that’s not healthy right?”“Of course!” Loki snapped, cheeks flushing.“Then why mention it?”“J-just forget it,” Loki muttered, pulling Thor back towards the castle.In his room later that evening, Loki laid on his bed, tossing a paperweight into the air and catching it while his thoughts wandered. The blue had gone from his fingers now, but the memory lingered. This wasn’t the first time Loki had noticed it but he had yet to do anything about it or mention the odd feature to his family. Instead, he’d waited and watched and slowly accumulated information and theories. Thor was always colder than him in winter, shivering without a cloak while Loki felt sure that if he wanted to he could stand outside in his undergarments and barely feel a chill.He knew Frigga had noticed his changing fingers. Back when he was very small, he would cling to her and struggle to socialise with Thor and his friends, so Frigga would allow him to help her garden. While helping prepare her gardens for the spring, Frigga had told Loki he was getting cold and conjured some gloves, pulling them over Loki’s fingers before the blue got any further than the very tips of his fingers, while her own fingers remained ungloved and more importantly, slightly red from the cold. Not blue.Each winter though, Loki did little more than occasionally watch as his fingers or sometimes his toes shift colour. So far, he knew it was abnormal from what he’d observed of others around him. He knew it didn’t hurt, and that it only occurred in cold weather, never in hot, windy or any other weather type. He knew he was abnormal in other ways, being blessed with strong magic he was discouraged from using (Odin being particularly insistent about that subject, despite supposedly being quite the magician himself) though that had simply led Loki to teach himself from old tomes in Asgard’s library once Odin had caught Frigga showing Loki spells one too many times.As he had with learning more complex spells, Loki took learning about the blue slowly and methodically, which was why it had taken him the better part of two decades before he finally decided to try turning a whole limb blue. Ice spells were surprisingly hard to find information on, and so Loki had been forced to wait for the seasons to change and for the weather to get bad enough for the blue to start appearing.Waiting until the hour was late and that only the night watch would be up, Loki rose from his bed, weaving magic with wisps of green energy around his hands. He cast two spells, one to hide himself from Heimdall, the other to place an illusion of himself in the bed. Decoy set, Loki took to his balcony barefoot and pressed his feet into the layer of snow there on the stone, waiting.He stood there an hour, occupying himself with mapping the constellations in the sky above before looking at his feet. Cold, but not yet blue. Sighing, Loki looked out into the courtyard under his window. There was a fountain in the centre that he knew would have lightly frozen over by now, though he could probably 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Not Canon Compliant
canon speedrun
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Laufey's Good Parenting (Marvel)
Loki accepts his heritage
Established Relationship
Tony's Bots - Freeform
Fluff and Angst
Loki Gets a Hug (Marvel)
Tony Stark Feels
phil coulson is not dead
FrostIron - Freeform
loki has friends
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
BAMF Helblindi
the infinity stones do what I want
Shapeshifting
Magic Fight!
ya know when I started this it was meant to be fluff and fix-it
now it's how many holes can I put in Loki?
by the way
the current number of holes is not enough
I look forward to smashing his gorgeous face into more bricks and pokey things
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
in case it wasn't obvious
Harley is a delight
by which I mean a little shit
But a Loveable Little Shit
Tony stark has powers
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Featuring Laufey; Father of Millennials
technomancer tony stark
Shoe Cave
Jotun worldbuilding
Now With 200 Percent More Dragons

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

