Chapter 1: can peter please get some medical attention
    


Notes:
hey!! please enjoy this flaming pile of garbage! this first chapter offers a bit of exposition on the canon divergence i've set up, so please ignore the clunky writing loli'll include trigger warnings before every chapter, so here's the TWs for this one:small mentions of child abuse/torture, mentions of character deaths




Chapter Text
To be completely fair, Peter hadn’t meant to arrive at the battle the same time the Avengers did. In fact, he usually did everything he could to avoid it. He didn’t want to have to deal with the snide remarks and the absent-minded attacks that they always sent his way. Didn't want to have to fight off two sources of attacks at once: one set of attacks coming from the guys who were supposed to be on his side, and the other from the actual enemies. He especially didn’t want to miss the appointment he had made with the homeless shelter down in Queens. They were only serving Thanksgiving dinner from five to seven, and that was one of his favorite meals they offered. And yet, according to the giant, yet rather helpful clocks displayed on one of the glowing billboards surrounding him, the time was approaching 6:30. With the vicious way both of his enemies were attacking him, he knew he wasn’t going to get out of this any time soon. When he had arrived on the scene, he could hear the various expletives that accompanied his approach coming from the team of heroes on the other end of the street.  “Howdy, folks!” he greeted amicably, though he knew it was pointless. “Anyone wanna explain why we’re currently fighting an army of weaponized and rather overgrown Sea Monkeys?”Much to his chagrin, he only received exasperated grumbles in response. Which made sense, seeing as the team of heroes didn't particularly favor him.The Avengers had been trying (and failing miserably) to get a hold of him for almost a year now. From what he could gather, SHIELD had deemed him such a  perilous  threat that they had sent the Avengers to bring him in. Of course, by “bring him in," they meant “beat him so far down into the ground that eventually he is so near death that you are able to take him to us so we can interrogate and perform experiments on him.” Or something. And while he couldn’t help but think that being such a high level threat to SHIELD was something of a compliment, he didn't really want to get tortured. Again. Tony Stark’s order of, “Nat, handle Spider-Man, would ya?” brought Peter back to the present.“On it,” Romanov replied. In an instant, she was at Peter’s side delivering barely-avoided kicks to his relatively (read: extremely) frail body.He wasn't always this frail, but since May died about a year and a half ago, Peter had been relatively on his own. Well, that was if you didn't count the hell that was his first and only foster home. He got out of that shit shack a little too late for comfort, but it was hard to develop an escape plan with his foster father, Richard, constantly breathing down his neck. Once he was on the streets, it was even harder to find a source of food for his stupid insane metabolism than it was in that house. His body and health deteriorated way too quickly for his liking, and that was before he had injuries inflicted by the Avengers to heal alongside his nightly patrol injuries. Peter’s survival was fueled purely by the need to help others—and spite, of course.Peter’s Spidey Sense was pinging like crazy, forcing him to constantly turn between Romanov and the weird-ass alien like some sick form of hokey pokey.“You do the hokey pokey and you turn yourself around,” Peter mumbled, “that's what it's all about! Hey!” He delivered a particularly hard kick to the shrimp fuckhead on his final shout and sent it flying into the street, where it bounced once, twice, three times before it came to a rest and promptly shattered like broken glass. “Oh God, that's so weird, why do they do that, what the hell.”As soon as the alien was gone, the miniature version of Iron Man appeared as a replacement, jumping in with, “I know right? Freaks me out every time."Iron Lad wasn't much of an improvement if Peter was honest, because this kid had blasters. And yes, he knew Iron Lad was a kid, specifically one 17-year-old named Harley Keener. Peter had figured this out by hacking into Stark's A.I., which told him that Harley had moved into the Avengers tower close to six months ago from his home in Tennessee. The teen was currently enrolled in Midtown. Peter used to go there, before he had to run from CPS. Good times, good times.Also, the dumbass had Lad in his name. If Harley wanted to maintain any form of a mature hero persona, he shouldn’t blatantly state that he was a literal child. Come on, didn’t Harley learn that in  How To Be A Teenage Superhero 101?Iron Lad aimed a repulsor blast at Peter’s head, which he dodged just in time for it to only hit his right shoulder. He made no sound, despite the intense searing pain 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Homeless Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Panic Attacks
Peter Parker has PTSD
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
sorry peter
Angst with a Happy Ending
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker Friendship
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Implied/Referenced Torture
Attempt at Humor
Deaf Character (Temporary)
blind character (temporary)
Deaf Clint Barton
Peter Parker Has a Family
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Canon Compliant
Harley Keener as Iron Lad
Powerful Peter Parker
i killed may oops
also killed MJ sorry
civil war happened but tony doesn't know peter is spider-man
Identity Reveal
Bisexual Peter Parker
he's a bi mess and so am i
Slow Burn
Overpowered Peter Parker
i sprinkled in a bit of hydra
Touch-Starved Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Suicide attempt
peter is polylingual no i dont take criticism
peter "don't call me kid" parker
Strong Peter Parker
author projects onto peter like its an olympic sport
not irondad but def not anti tony
harley has a few issues too woah
healthy discussions abt therapy!!
peter's got scars cause obviously

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

