Chapter 1: Dear god, why
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The clock ticked rhythmically as Mr. Harrington droned on. Five more minutes. Five minutes until the day was over, and Peter would be free. He was looking forward to tonight, he had no homework and Bruce was making pasta for dinner. He glanced around the classroom; it was clear nobody was paying attention at this point. He was about to slide his notebook into his bag when Mr. Harrington cleared his throat from the front of the room."Alright class, I have an announcement to make. I know you want to go home right now, but this is important, so listen up. We've been given a very special opportunity to tour the Avengers Tower! So take these permission slips, get them signed and have them back to me by Wednesday."The class erupted into cheers. Peter sat in silence, trying to process what he had just heard. Ned was sat next to him, babbling excitedly about the news, but he ignored him in favor of the mini crisis he was having. He looked up briefly to see Flash staring at him with a smug grin on his face.Shit."Hey, Penis!" Flash twisted around to yell across the classroom, "Ready to be exposed for the liar you really are? I know I'm looking forward to it for sure," Peter sighed, but didn't say anything. Instead he turned to Ned, who was talking about the trip."It's going to be so amazing! You can finally prove to Flash that you really do have an internship, I bet the look on his face when he finds out he was wrong is gonna be so good," he sat up straighter, gasping and looking to Peter. "Do you think any of the Avengers will be there? How cool would it be if we met Captain America, or Thor! I think we should-""Ned," Peter cut across his friend gently "You've been to the tower so many times before, and you know everyone there. I mean, just last week we played mario kart with Clint," Ned rolled his eyes as if to say 'you don't get it'."Yes, but Peter, this is different. This time we'll be learning about the tower, and all the official stuff that goes on there! Don't get me wrong, I still can't believe I'm lucky enough to know the Avengers, but it's not like I know how it runs, or what Black Widow looks like when she fights. Oh! Do you think we'll see them training? Do you know anything we might do there?" Peter grimaced."No, unfortunately I was not aware of this," he bit out "I don't know what we'll be doing, but if I had to guess it'll be something to do with R&D and the business parts maybe?" he sighed "Of course it's my luck this is happening. Is it too much to ask for a normal field trip for once?"Really though, was it? The last trip was to Oscorp, and that didn't turn out well. Sure, he got super cool powers and was now an honourary Avenger, as well as THE Mr Stark's intern, but those first few weeks after the trip were absolute hell. He winces at the memory of how it felt to have his DNA change and mutate, his body constantly trying to reject the spider DNA and repair itself. And now this. Of course it's his Parker Luck kicking in, who else would this happen to? Did Tony do this to him on purpose? No, he doesn't have anything to do with the PR side of Stark Industries, that was all Pepper. But she wouldn't want him to die of embarrassment would she? It was a coincidence, he reasoned, just pure unlucky luck. If that was the case, there was no way in hell he was going to say anything to the others. They would leap at the chance to humiliate him in front of his class. They might mean well, but they could be some of the most immature people he knew at times."Relax Parker, what's the worst that could happen?" MJ's voice pulled him back to the present. She grabbed her bag and swung it over her shoulder as the rest of the class began to pack up."Oh I don't know," Peter lowered his voice as he stood up, "maybe, my secret identity being exposed to everyone? Or the fact that I live there? To name a few." the three of them began walking to the door, Mr Harrington passing out forms as people left."Ah, Peter, could I have a quick word?" he looked over at his friends in confusion, who both shrugged and walked outside."What is it Mr. Harrington?" there was no need to feel nervous, it's not like he had done anything wrong, right? His teacher motioned for him to come away from the door where Ned and MJ were waiting."You're one of our brightest students Peter, which is why it pains me to say this. We've heard about the rumour you've spread, saying you have an internship at Stark Industries. That is a very serious thing to lie about, which is why I will only say this once. I need you to tell the truth before we go on this trip. We are extremely lucky to have this opportunity, and I don't want you to ruin it for your classmates. And it would be especially disappointing if you had to be escorted from the tower. Understand? Good. So, this is your final chance to right what you've done, or we'll be keeping an extra c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter parker & Ned Leeds & Michelle Jones

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
BAMF Michelle Jones
Intern Peter Parker
Peter Parker Lives in Avengers Tower
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
tagging is hard
this is my first fic please be nice lol

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter parker & Ned Leeds & Michelle Jones

