Chapter 1





Chapter Text




How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.I love thee to the depth and breadth and heightMy soul can reach, when feeling out of sightFor the ends of Being and ideal Grace.I love thee to the level of every day’sMost quiet need, by sun and candlelight.I love thee freely, as men strive for Right;I love thee purely, as they turn from Praise.I love with a passion put to useIn my old griefs, and with my childhood’s faith.I love thee with a love I seemed to loseWith my lost saints, I love thee with the breath,Smiles, tears, of all my life! and, if God choose,I shall but love thee better after death.


~*~ Charles bumped into Moira in front of the library.  She was weighed down by several tomes.  Charles recognized two of them as texts on molecular genetics--he had his own copies sitting on his bookshelf back in his office.  Charles fell into step at her side, taking the top two books from her pile and tucking them under his arm."Thank you," Moira said.  She looked particularly frazzled today, hair pulled into a messy bun that was doing nothing to contain the wisps that still framed her face.  Her sweater--loose knit wool against the slight hint of chill that hung in the air--was on inside-out, and she'd neglected to put on lipstick today.Charles arched an eyebrow.  "We're only two weeks into the semester, you know," he said.  "You have to at least try to keep up appearances.  Until midterms, anyway; then all bets are off."He laughed even as he said it, but in place of the exasperated smile he was expecting, Moira shot him a glare.  Charles didn't miss the slight hint of blush that stained her cheeks.  Not frazzled, then; only newly returned from Sean Cassidy's office.  Charles grinned."So that's why you're returning genetics books to Butler instead of Health Sciences.  Here I was thinking you needed a change of scenery."Not that the scenery on the main campus was any better than the medical center--unless one paid attention to architecture, which Charles rarely did.  There wasn't anywhere in New York you couldn't appreciate a vibrant city poised between summer and autumn."They'll ship them back for me," Moira was saying about the books, a weak excuse if Charles had ever heard one.  His smile widened."You two aren't fooling anyone, you know.  I really don't see why you feel the need to hide.  You're hardly the first faculty to stage a grand love affair."He could count eight off the top of his head, though most of those were interdepartmental, whereas Moira was a full professor with the Department of Genetics and Development, and being groomed to take over the position of chair, and Sean was an associate professor in the Department of Music.  He was also eight years Moira's junior."Not that it's any of your business, but we're not hiding," Moira said, effectively ending the conversation.  Charles wouldn't press--he knew her well enough now to respect that she was an intensely private woman.  This hadn't changed in all the time he had known her--not when she was his PhD advisor and not now that she was one of his closest friends.Still, Charles couldn't help but affect a hurt expression.  Moira saw it and rolled her eyes, clearly resigned."Fine, let me return these books and then we can grab a coffee," she said.Charles wanted nothing more than to do exactly that.  He wanted every juicy detail--and he couldn't be blamed for that, really, because Sean was ridiculously attractive, though straight, otherwise Moira might find herself sporting a little competition."Normally I'd love to, especially since I'm between classes and haven't had a cup since this morning, but I have a meeting with the Registrar in about twenty minutes," Charles said.  They'd reached the entrance to Butler and Charles reached out to open the door, gesturing Moira inside.  He followed on her heels."What on earth for?" Moira asked, her interest clearly piqued.  She'd stopped walking and stood now, just inside the hall, her head tilted to the side.  Charles shifted her books from beneath one arm to the other.The lunch hour was just coming to a close, afternoon classes scheduled to start, the hall filling suddenly with students.  It always amazed Charles how many he could find studying in the library between classes--an oddity considering he had always done the same.  He pulled Moira into a corner, beneath the arched scrollwork that occasionally made him want to reconsider his stance on architecture, before answering her question."Rescheduling a class.  It's my third year introduction to genetics course.  I've lost over half my students, all within the first week," Charles said.  He hated that he had to teach it, but he was still a year away from tenure and had to pay his dues.  Moira must have heard his frustration, because she tutted--in the same way she used to whenever Charles was being particularly impatient during his PhD research."Patience Charles.  You're the Genetics Department's golden boy.  As soon as you get te
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Angsty Schmoop
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
no powers
First Time
Romance
Romantic Comedy
Professors
Misunderstandings
happy endings
Fluff
New York
Columbia University
Poetry
Erik is a poet
Shaw is an asshole
Charles You Slut
Sex Positive
Academia
Emotionally Crippled Erik Is Fun To Read
Multimedia Fic
Pining
Stalker Charles is endearing (not creepy)
Self Imposed UST
past dubious consent
Past Child Abuse

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

