Work Text:
  “And I wasn’t allowed to hire professional movers because why?” Tony grunted as he stacked another box filled with kitchen onto of another. He grabbed a sharpie marker from the table and with a flourish he wrote more bloody kitchenware on the side of the box. May Parker rolled her eyes as she saw this and placed her own box down gently by the stack of others near the door. “Because we have an enhanced teenager who can lift all the heavy boxes for us.” “I heard that!” Peter called from his bedroom. “That’s child labour!” May winked at Tony who chuckled under his breath. He had to admit that he was surprised when May Parker agreed to move into the Tower. New York was hit with one of the worst storms in over fifteen years and there were many buildings that had received damage. Unfortunately, the Parker’s apartment in Queens was also one that received damage which made it unsafe for them to live in. They were required to move out for a period of up to a month, but could be longer. When Peter had told Tony that they two of them would be going to stay in a motel for the next month or so, Tony had immediately called May and offered for them to stay at the Tower. He had expected to have to beg, to present a solid argument with a power point demonstration and laser light show, but May had been, to his surprise, agreeable. “Tony, did I break you?” May had asked over the end of the phone line, sounding amused. “You’ll stay?” Tony had repeated carefully, worried that she could change her mind in a second. “Yes. Unless your taking back your offer,” May said. “No,” Tony said slowly. “I can’t help but feel this is a trap in some way.” May laughed. “No trap. This would be very helpful and would benefit Peter so much. Besides, it’s much easier to have girl night with Pepper if we are in the same Tower.” “You have girl night with Pepper?” Tony asked. “You can help us pack up the house,” May continued as if she hadn’t heard Tony’s interruption. “We have to be out by Sunday. Will that work?” And that’s how Tony found himself in the Parker’s apartment on Saturday, helping them pack up the remaining items. Tony had appointed Happy his helper who didn’t seem as pleased with the title as Tony was. The man was currently taking down some of the boxes to the van he had hired for the day. “I’m done,” Peter grinned, emerging with three boxes stacked on top of each other and what looked be tied down with his webbing. “I just have the bed to dismantle but everything is packed up.” “Great! I’m nearly done too,” May smiled happily. “I think we can finish this and be out be two.” “Sounds good to me,” Tony clapped his together. “What’s next?” They worked quickly and efficiently and as May predicted they were out of the apartment and on the road by two. Happy drove the van while Tony drove Peter and May back to the tower. Form there they would enlist the help of the Avengers to bring up most of the essentials, everything else could remain in storage until the Parker’s were ready to go back home. Pepper was waiting for them on the penthouse level where May and Peter would be staying with them, and she pulled May into a hug. “Welcome home,” Pepper smiled warmly. “I’m so happy you are going to be here. Hi Peter.” “Hi Miss Potts,” Peter beamed, bouncing on the spot. “Thank you for having us.” “Yes, thank you so much,” May squeezed Pepper’s hand. “We will see about those thanks after you lived a month with Tony,” Pepper smirked at her fiancé. “Hey,” Tony playfully scowled. “Need I remind you whose Tower this is?” “I know that I own 12%,” Pepper said dryly. “I’m never going to live that one down,” Tony muttered. “Come on Underoos, let’s show your Aunt where she’ll be sleeping before I get myself into any more trouble.” Peter opened his mouth to respond but nothing came out before his eyes rolled back in his head and he dropped to the ground. “PETER!” May, Tony and Pepper all shouted at once, each of them lunging to catch him. Tony was closer and managed to catch Peter’s head before it hit the ground. He knelt beside Peter, gently easing his head to the floor. His fingers went to Peter’s neck and feeling for a pulse. His breath released when he found one, holding steady. “Peter? Can you hear me?” Tony asked, gently tapping the kids’ cheek. “What the hell was that?” May gasped, hovering anxiously. “He just dropped!” “Kid,” Tony tapped Peter’s cheek more firmly. Peter’s eyes fluttered at the touch and he let out a whine. “Come on, open your eyes,” Tony encouraged, heart beating rapidly in his chest as he watched Peter struggle to wake. “There we go. Good job.” “What am I doin’ on the floor?” Peter moaned. “You fainted,” Tony said on an exhale of relief. “You just dropped. Why didn’t you say you were feeling sick?” “Wasn’t,” Peter blinked. He tried to sit up and Tony helped him, hands keep him steady. “FRIDAY, scan him,” Tony demanded. “Scanning now,” FRIDAY confirmed. “I’ll get some water,” Pepper said and her heels clicked against the flo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Human Disaster Peter Parker
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Protective Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Fast metabolism
Peter forgets

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

