Chapter 1: Google
    




Chapter Text
Raven sat in front of her and Erik's computer--a junky old refurbished thing they'd bought upon arriving in New York.  She'd argued for something new--this one still ran Windows ME and had a 333Mhz processor--but Erik reminded her that they rarely ever used the one they'd left in storage in Germany--would they have it shipped over now that Erik wanted them to stay, she wondered--and that there really wasn't a point in spending the extra money for something that most of the time would just collect dust.Raven had argued that she used it all the time, but in Erik's mind, surfing the internet did not qualify as a good use of a computer.  The man was so backwards sometimes it boggled her mind.She had, for example, found the listing for her job online.  She also kept up to date on current events--i.e. read tabloid and celebrity blogs--and, much to the chagrin of her therapist, read copious survivor blogs and forums because it was probably the closest she was ever going to get to having some sort of support group.  Her therapist, despite objecting to the anonymity of the internet, agreed that support was essential.She could have also hunted down every last piece of information available on Charles Xavier, had Erik not expressly forbid her from doing exactly that.  I am not stalking him online, and neither are you.  Do not, Raven.  I will check your browser history.The fact that Erik knew how to check browser history but had trouble working his Blackberry was something else that boggled her mind.She'd cheated only once--had looked up Charles' Facebook account, though he'd set his privacy settings so that his profile included only the most basic of information.  The only reason she'd even known it was his--and not some other Charles Xavier--was because his profile picture was unmistakable.She toyed with the idea of searching now.  She had enough basic information--Charles Xavier, Genetics at Columbia--to weed out any hits that didn't belong to him.  She very much doubted Erik was actually checking her browser history, and even if he was, he was hardly going to be upset with her--more like demand to know what she knew.She brought up a browser and typed Charles Xavier into the search bar.Over six million hits were returned.  Raven scrolled carefully through all of them.  Apparently, Charles was:
 A powerful mutant telepath from some comic book.
 Bald
 Confined to a wheelchair.
 The leader of some band of superheroes who wandered around in ridiculous looking tights.
 Heir to the Xavier family fortune (which, when Raven checked, was substantial).
 The author of at least three books and dozens upon dozens of papers in the field of genetics.
 A professor at Columbia University.
Wait.  A professor at Columbia University?Raven clicked the link, and sure enough there was Charles.She brought her palm to her forehead--because, really, there were days when she could just strangle her brother--and then turned to call over her shoulder, "Erik, you might want to come see this."She was fairly certain he'd forgive her for violating his rule.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Parody
Romance
How it didn't happen
First Time
Humor
Making fun of myself

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

