Work Text:
So it turns out that having a kid is a lot harder than Tony expected.He's not naive, or anything. He knew it would be work, and to be honest, he had been wary at first, but Steve had had that look, and Tony had caught him poring over adoption brochures and websites for weeks before Steve even brought it up. There was never a chance that Tony could say no, especially with the world (mostly) settled and the two of them finally able to be... well, domestic is probably the word for it, even though Tony's gut reaction is to shrivel up in a ball and hiss very unbecomingly when reporters chime that the wild Tony Stark's finally been tamed, huh?But really, Tony isn't that different. Which is kind of the issue.Steve's cut from parental cloth, took to it like a fish to water right from the first minute, and Tony's -- well, Tony's not. He knows what it's like to have a shitty childhood, so he does his best to be everything his father wasn't: he talks to Peter like an adult, pays attention to him, looks up and away from his work when Peter says his name. Peter has spunk; he's a klutz and a little bit of a dork at all of ten years old, which is so awkwardly endearing to Tony that it takes him a long time to realize that Peter reminds him of himself at that age (minus the circuit board-building; Peter has shown a real proclivity for physics, though). He isn't afraid to challenge them -- that worries Steve, but it makes something in the bottom of Tony's stomach light low and pleased. He's curious, inquisitive -- asks questions that Tony has entire essays' worth of answers to, until Steve reminds him that yes, Peter's sharp, but he's still not out of fifth grade.So, yeah. They have a kid. Tony drives him to school and helps him with his homework and hides in his workshop when they have four classmates in for a sleepover. Steve cooks (he tried to teach Tony, but that ended with Jarvis dousing the entire kitchen in flame-retardant goo), reminds Peter that polka dots and stripes don't go well together, and rakes leaves for him to jump into. They balance one another, sort of -- Tony's always a little bit of a basket case, torn between obsessively giving Peter every iota of his focus and worrying that he's doing it all wrong, that he'll screw up so monumentally he won't be able to patch things.Steve always reassures him, when he gets like that -- and he needs Steve when he does, because he's quit the booze. There was one bad night, a couple months after they got Peter, and Steve had been ashen-faced and white-knuckled at the sight of Tony, bottles scattered around him. God, he'd been so drunk that he can't even remember that day, much less what happened that night. Steve has told him, a couple times, said that you were telling me that you couldn't do it -- raise Peter, I mean. Tony went silent, the first time, which had been confession enough, and Steve touched his jaw, said, I know you can.And, well. That kind of makes all the difference, sometimes, knowing that Steve's backing him. Tony still has to contend with his own childish urges, his inability to reconcile with the fact that he is in two relationships that absolutely require that he not flip out and fall off the face of the earth to bury himself in his workshop for a week while he sorts his head out. He isn't perfect; he's not changed, fundamentally. But there's something... shifted. Maybe he hasn't gone up or down, but he's shuffled sideways, slotted into something different.It's good.:::"Hey, Dad?"Tony glances up from the schematics he's pulled onto the side table, blearily focuses on the clock over the TV. It's almost three in the morning, but Tony's not going to bitch at Peter for being up when he's been caught red-handed. "Huh?""Dad told me to make sure you got sleep," Peter says, crossing his arms over his skinny chest. He's recently twelve now, and it's gone from Dad and Tony to just Dad for the both of them; Tony's not sure when or why the change came about, but it damn near makes his heart fall into his stomach every time Peter says it."Did he," he says archly, pushing his glasses up into his hair. How Steve-like.Peter clambers over the arm of the couch and sits cross-legged, facing Tony. "What're you working on?""Something that goes boom," Tony responds, wiggling his fingers. Peter pushes his shoulder, his own glasses glinting in the light from the gas fireplace. God, for all he isn't biologically theirs, he's got enough of their traits: Tony's love of maths, Steve's sweetness, Tony's utter lack of patience for authority, Steve's ability to pull things at random from the pantry and make awesome food out of them. Tony ruffles his hair, laughs at him when it sticks up in unruly tufts. Peter scowls and mashes it down with one hand."Hey," Peter says after a comfortable silence, long enough that Tony's fingers have started absently sketching over the blueprint again. "Hey, can I ask you something?""No, you can't take the Prowler for a spin.""Dad, that was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Alternate Reality

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

