Work Text:
“Back again so soon?” The question startles Tony, makes him jump.He  thought he slipped in unnoticed, because while the bell above the door  had chimed quietly, no one was behind the counter and hadn’t come in the  last fifteen minutes that he was there.He smiles, a little sheepish, and closes the book he was skimming through. “I – uh, yeah,” he admits, and holds up the book.Tony  looks up, catches the sway of Steve’s hips (and really, how tight the  jeans are that he’s wearing doesn’t really hide anything) and the  distracting stretch of his t-shirt and has to look down again, before he  does something stupid. Like climb Steve like a tree.Steve walks  around from behind the counter and throws the rag he was using to wipe  off the counter with in the general direction of what Tony assumed was  probably a waste bin. “Do you need any help finding anything?” he asks,  even though he knows that Tony never really does.Tony’s been  coming to this bookshop for the last semester, and has found it oddly  comforting in it’s cluttered shelves and cozy, worn-in couches, the  misplaced coffee machine in the corner and the never ending supply of  packaged sweets–cheap and just there, so Tony’s roped into buying them  every single time. It also might be because of Steve, the polite and  ever present undergrad who is just as brilliant, if not more so, just  from the smile and the way he always greets Tony with a kind word. It  doesn’t make sense and it doesn’t have to, because Tony is used to  ignoring the possibilities that brings up.“Sure,” he says,  because while they both know he doesn’t need help, Tony likes  entertaining them both. Tony’s never been one to back out of casual  conversation, especially when the other party happens to look like  Steve.Steve smiles at him, polite and open in the small space  between the shelves. It makes Tony's blood thrum in his veins, his heart  beat a little faster in his chest."I'm looking for a book,"  Tony pauses, and then holds up the one in his hand, "kind of like this  one, but I want it to focus more on child development. This one's mostly  about development and learning in general but my senior thesis is on  children's development and how their critical period effe–" Tony cuts  himself off, and if he believed that he actually blushed, he would say  that he probably would have done it then. "Wow, er, I highly doubt you  want to hear about that." He stops himself from running a hand through  his hair, but it's a close call.Steve's eyes snap to his. "No," he says. "My minor's in Psychology," he explains, after seeing Tony's raised eyebrow."Why  do you wear bow-ties?" Tony blurts, and then immediately regrets it  because the open expression is gone from Steve's face. He's looking at  him in obvious confusion now, and tugs nervously on his bow-tie."Pardon?"If  you were to go off of Steve's phrases you would think that he was older  than he was, or at least Tony thinks so. He speaks differently than  Tony, his words are more carefully chosen, and he doesn't say a lot, but  when he does it's almost too nice, that sickly sweet way with words  that the elderly seem to grasp but that is too far out of Tony’s reach.  Steve comes across as thoughtful and respectful and that's probably why  he was hired, because he's efficient, he knows where the books  are–Tony’s pretty sure Steve has this entire bookshop memorized from  book cover to book cover, he can find absolutely anything; sometimes  he’s tempted to ask for obscene books just to see that flash of red  across his cheeks.And even though Tony is sure Steve would be  appalled, possibly offended, and would snap back at him, he’s also quite  sure Steve can’t actually be rude to anyone if he tried."It's  just–bow-ties, they're not cool," Tony sputters, fingers tightening  their grip on the book. God, he always sounds like such a wreck around  Steve. "You're the only person I know that wears them, besides Jarvis,  but–"Steve shrugs. "I like them," he says, nonplussed. "I think they're nice.""You remind me of the Doctor," says Tony, absently.Steve's eyebrows pinch together adorably. "You know my doctor?"Tony  chuckles, high and shrill and it sounds too loud in the otherwise  silent bookshop. "No," he says. "No, it's a British television show.""Oh," Steve says.Tony  knows an awkward silence from anywhere, can feel the tension seeping  into the room. It reminds him of his father’s study, standing there as  Howard shouts and gestures with his whiskey, bright eyes feverish with  disappointment and anger. He knows that Steve isn’t Howard, knows that  the situation is different–he’s pretty sure Steve has never touched  alcohol in his life, nor can he see Steve getting as furious as  Howard–but the tension still feels the same, and he doesn’t want that,  especially not with Steve. He reaches out a hand and hesitates for a  moment, doesn’t know whether he should touch Steve in reassurance or  should just let it slide and divert attention e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
College AU
bookshop au

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

