Work Text:
  “Incoming call from Peter,” FRIDAY voice cut through Happy and Tony’s conversation as her voice filled the car. “Isn’t he supposed to be on a field trip?” Tony frowned, pulling out his buzzing phone. He slipped the glasses from his face and squinted at the screen where a picture of Peter was lighting up the screen. “Yeah,” Happy confirmed. “to Museum of Modern Art.” Tony frowned, answering the call. “Hey kid, field trip that boring? Pepper swears you have to see MoMA at least once in your life but I knew she was lying.” Peter heaving breathing filtered through the phone and Tony was instantly on the alert. “Mr. Stark.” “Kid, what’s going on?” Tony demanded. He looked up, catching Happy’s eyes in the rear-view mirror. “Happy, pull over.” Happy did as he was directed, pulling off to the side of the road quickly, a car horn blaringly loudly at the abrupt pull over as it passed. As soon as they were stopped he parked the car, engine still running and turned in his seat to stare at Tony, face pinched with worry. As much as the man liked to act annoyed with Peter, he really did have a soft spot for the kid. “Mr. Stark, the place is being robbed,” Peter whispered down the line. “There’s seven of them. They have guns. Big ones.” “Where are you?” Tony barked out, sliding his glasses back on and already FRIDAY was pulling up blueprints of the place and placing a call to the police. “Hiding with Ned,” Peter whispered. “They haven’t seen us yet.” “Good job,” Tony said. He unbuckled his seat belt and shoving open the door. He stood up, striding away from the car. “I’m on my way kid. Authorities have been notified.” He tapped his chest and the nano tech slid around his body, encasing him in his suit. The call switched from his phone to the display screen as he blasted into the air, leaving Happy behind with the car. “Mr. Stark, my friends,” Peter whispered, his voice sounding strained. “Kid, we both know you take the suit everywhere. If you feel like you can, go for it,” Tony instructed, pride quickly filling Tony as Peter asked. Although he would rather Peter stay put, he didn’t think it was fair when the kids’ friends were in danger. Besides, Peter was more than capable and the gunman would be expecting it. “I don’t have it,” Peter stressed. “You do.” “What?” Tony frowned as he shot across the sky. “For the repairs. You haven’t given it back yet,” Peter explained as quickly and quietly as he could. “You were supposed to bring it over last night.” Tony swore across the line. “Don’t repeat that.” He had finished the upgrades for Peter’s Spider Suit but had forgotten to give it back to him. It was still sitting in Tony’s lab, waiting for Peter. He was supposed to take it back last night but Pepper had come home and she had given him that look and all thoughts of the teenager and his super suit had been put at the back of his mind. “Peter, I know you want to help but do not engage. I’m coming. I’m nearly there,” Tony stressed, silently urging himself to go faster. “Mr Stark I – Oh sh – go Ned, go!” Peter hissed out. “Peter!” Tony snapped, heart hammering in his chest. “FRIDAY, give me some juice.” Tony swore again as the call with Peter dropped and he urged himself to hurry. He didn’t dare try and call back, just in case he gave away their hiding position. Peter would have to call him back if he could. He hoped that Peter at least taken his web shooters with him. He could feel his heart trying to climb up through his throat. Peter was supposed to be on a field trip. He was supposed to be having fun, being a regular teenager and not worrying about crime. He deserved a day where he didn’t have to be a super-powered teenage vigilante. What did Peter call it? Parker Luck? The kid always managed to find himself in a sticky situation (no pun intended). May said he was a danger magnet and Tony was starting to agree. “Boss, approaching the museum,” FRIDAY’s voice snapped Tony out of his spiralling thoughts. “Scan it,” Tony ordered. “Scanning Boss,” FRIDAY said as Tony flew closer until he was landing on the roof of the museum. “I believe I have found the suspects.” “Let’s get them,” Tony growled.  Peter pressed Ned up against one of the larger art sculptures, a hand pressed against his mouth to stop him from making any noise. The armed men had passed them but hadn’t seen either of them as they strode confidently by. The group were only after the paintings as far as Peter could see and seemed to be targeting specific ones. Ned’s eyes were frantic as he stared at Peter and he could hear Ned’s heart beating fast and loud in his chest. The museum was silent but Peter could hear the group in the next gallery, already working efficiently to get another painting down. Slowly, Peter released Ned’s mouth, shooting a warner glare at him to be quiet. Ned nodded and didn’t make a peep. Instead he clutched Peter’s arm, giving it a squeeze when the vigilante peered around the sculpture.Peter and Ned had been separated from their cla
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Peter Parker
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
BAMF Tony Stark
ironman - Freeform
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds Friendship
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Precious Ned Leeds
Worried Ned Leeds
Worried Tony Stark
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
MoMA
Field Trip

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

