Work Text:
  “Sweetheart, love of my life,” Tony greeted loudly. Pepper looked up from her StarkPad and smirked at Tony as he approached her with their daughter settled on his hip.“What did you do?” Pepper asked drily. “See, mum always thinks I did something,” Tony bounced Morgan on his hip, earning a giggle. “That’s because you usually have,” Pepper smirked. “Well, this time I haven’t done anything,” Tony promised. “But I do need a favour.” Pepper raised an eyebrow, curious to know what this favour was going to be. “Peter is coming over for the weekend,” Tony said. “Petey!” Morgan cheered, throwing her hands up in the air, nearly smacking Tony in the face as she did. Tony chuckled, kissing the top of their daughter’s head. “That’s right, Petey is coming over.” “I know he’s coming over,” Pepper said, amused. “I made the arrangements with May last week since she was going out of town this weekend and didn’t want Peter to be on his own.” “Right,” Tony flashed her a grin. “The thing is, Rogers has just informed me about a meeting.” “Since when do you go to meetings?” Pepper smirked. “Ouch,” Tony winced, shooting his wife a look. “I deserved that.” “What is so important about this meeting that you are actually attending?” Pepper asked, folding her arms across her chest. “Government officials are asking some questions about Spidey,” Tony said, voice taking on a hard edge. “I need to be there to get them to back off.” “Is Spider-Man in trouble?” Morgan asked with big wide eyes. “Course not,” Tony bounced her again. “Good,” Morgan nodded her head, earning a chuckle from her parents. “What’s the favour Tony?” Pepper asked. “Can you spend the day with Peter?” Tony asked. “I promised him some lab time and I hate that I’m going to disappoint him.” “Of course,” Pepper quickly cut her husband off. “And you know that Peter will understand.” “I know,” Tony sighed heavily. “I just feel like I haven’t spent enough time with the kid lately.” “He’s here for the whole weekend,” Pepper said and Morgan gave another cheer. “Morgan and I will spend the day with him on Saturday and then you can spend all of Sunday with him.” “You’re the best, you know that?” Tony beamed at Pepper, crossing the space between them to place a kiss on her lips. “I do,” Pepper smirked. “Daddy! We have to paint Petey a picture,” Morgan squirmed in Tony’s arm. “Great idea,” Tony beamed, putting Morgan down. “You go get started, I’ll be there in a minuet.” Morgan ran out of the room and Pepper grabbed Tony’s hand. “Do we need to be worried about Peter?” Pepper asked, keeping her voice low.   “I’m fixing it,” Tony said. “That’s why I have to go.” “Does he know?” Pepper asked. Tony hesitated before shaking his head. “I want to see how much they know first. I don’t want to worry him.” Pepper squeezed his hand again. “Okay. You’ll figure it out, you always do.” “I love you,” Tony said, his eyes crinkling in a way that always made Pepper’s stomach swoop. “Love you too. Will that be all, Mr. Stark?” Pepper smirked. “That will be all, Miss Potts,” Tony parroted back before pulling her into a kiss.  “Petey!” Peter grinned as he stepped out of the elevator to the penthouse in the Tower. He opened his arms to catch Morgan as she launched herself at him. He spun her around, grinning at her laughter before settling her back on the ground. “Petey, I drew you a picture,” Morgan grabbed his hand and tugged him further into the room. Peter dropped his backpack on the kitchen bench as they passed and allowed his little sister to pull him into the living room. An array of coloured pencils and pens were spread out on the coffee table along with a few pages filled with bright drawings. “Hey kid,” Happy greeted from the couch as Morgan dropped Peter’s hand to grab her picture. “Happy,” Peter greeted, a little surprised by the man’s presence. He knew that Tony was out for the day and Peter had been expecting to be spending the day with Pepper. “Here you go Petey! I drew it for you,” Morgan returned, thrusting a piece of paper at Peter. Peter took it, looking it over and another smile bloomed across his face. It was two stick figures standing together and holding hands, clearly meant to be Peter and Morgan. “Thanks Mo! I love it! I’m going to hang it on my wall when I get home.” “You should put it on the fridge so Aunt May can see it too,” Morgan said decisively. “Even better idea,” Peter grinned. “Petey, do you want a juice pop?” Morgan asked innocently. “Sure,” Peter chuckled and Morgan raced off to the kitchen to retrieve them. As she did, Peter turned to Happy. “Where’s Pepper?” Happy frowned. “Didn’t she tell you? She had a meeting to get to.” “Oh,” Peter blinked, heart sinking in his chest. He had been looking forward to spending the day with Pepper and Morgan. He didn’t want to admit it but he was a little worried about Tony. He had sounded odd about his meeting today, dismissing it before Peter could ask any questions but Peter had the feeling the man was hiding something
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Has a Family
Precious Peter Parker
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Feels
Awesome Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Adorable Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Kid Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Tea Parties
Dress Up
Peter is forgotten
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

