Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Look, Peter was not a stupid guy. But the truth was, sometimes, he did stupid, stupid things. For instance: lying on his resume and getting caught for it. And that was how he found himself sweating profusely in front of Tony Stark, the CEO of Stark Industries, a company with an excellent reputation for manufacturing the highest grade of military weapons all over the world, jaw practically on the floor in response to the absurd offer Tony had just made. “You’re kidding, right?” “Does it look like I am?” Peter stared at the rich, snobby, and extremely hot man standing in front of him for a few more seconds, then—fuck it. What did he have to lose? Jutting out his chin with a touch of defiance, he said, “Tell me the deal again.”A smirk grew on Tony’s lips, and oh, okay, that looked good on him. “Well. It’ll all be outlined in the contract for you to read, but I have a feeling that you need to  hear  me say it again, so I will. I’m gonna be very upfront with you, Mr. Parker—you didn’t get the job. You already know that. You lied on your resume, I found out, and that isn’t the sort of impression you want to be making on a potential employer. Hence, no job.”Peter deflated a bit at his tone, unable to help but wince at the jarring reminder of his mistake. It had just been one little lie, and he really hadn’t been expecting to be caught. Lying about his credentials had resulted in nothing but a guilty conscience. Tony continued on, not even giving him a second glance as he moved to grab his laptop. “However. I’m giving you a second option that will help you make the same—no,  more —than what you would’ve gotten as my assistant. As I’ve stated here” —he swiveled the laptop around to show Peter— “the arrangement would be upheld for a year. During that year, you’re mine.” He paused, gaze unwavering.Peter swallowed. “That means you don’t get to meet anyone else romantically. You don’t get to choose what you wear or what you eat without my approval. You don’t get to work, either. I’d want you always ready for my call, so you’d live with me. Anything you want to do, you ask for permission. You need something, I give you the money—within reason, obviously. In return, I expect your full loyalty and dedication.”“That…” Peter’s mouth was dry. Hearing it a second time didn’t dull the jolt of shock and apprehension that hit him again. “You do realize how  creepy  this all sounds? And how  expensive it would be for you?” Tony shrugged, looking unabashed as he tucked his hands into his pockets. “What can I say? Maybe I’m just a lonely man with too much money on his hands. It’s hard to find someone who won’t jump at the chance to exploit you. See, that’s what makes relationships hard for someone like me. That’s why I want someone like you, on my terms.”“Someone like me?”Tony ignored him. “As long as you’re of age—which you are—oh, please tell me you are. Okay, good. In that case, I don’t see a problem with helping you clean up a bit. You clearly need it.” He pointedly looked at Peter’s suit and wrinkled his nose. “Broke kid with massive student loans. Don’t pretend it’s not true; I can practically smell it on you and your polyester suit.”“First of all, I don’t smell; I showered this morning. Second, this suit is  new, okay? I bought it specifically for this interview, so you’re welcome. Third—you do realize that if I agree, I’d technically be exploiting you for your money.” “Irrelevant.” Tony smiled sweetly. “I could report you for this.” “Oh, but you won’t.”Peter raised an eyebrow. “And why is that?” Tony laughed, then chucked Peter under the chin like he was a puppy, making him scowl. “Do I even need to answer that? Kid, I’m not stupid, and neither are you. That’s how I know you’re going to take this offer. Believe me when I say you’re not getting anything better from anywhere else. We’re talking about a guaranteed payment of twenty grand a month here. But hey, if you really don’t want to do this? I’m not going to hold you hostage.” Tony shrugged. “Your loss.” Peter did a double-take at the older man’s words. “Jesus! Twenty thousand? You’re insane, oh my god. You’ve lost it for sure. It’ll be on the front pages of the New York Times tomorrow— CEO of Stark Industries gone mad, offers to pay whore twenty thousand a month.” Tony frowned. “Don’t call yourself a whore. You’re not.” He appraised Peter through narrowed eyes, then said, “I’m getting impatient, kid. If you’re not going to take this, then I’m going to need you to walk out of that door right now because I’m wasting precious interview time with someone who’s actually qualified for this job, with  real  credentials. So, what’s it gonna be, pal?”Peter stared at his stupidly hot stupid fucking face, mulling his options over. Except—he didn’t really have many options. It was either accept Tony’s offer, or go home and stay broke in his crusty little apartment. The man had already t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom Tony Stark
Sub Peter Parker
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
Sugar Baby Peter Parker
Smut
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Total Power Exchange
Kink Negotiation
Daddy Kink
Punishment
Discipline
Pet Names
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Praise Kink
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Spanking
Getting to Know Each Other
Kink Discovery
Porn With Plot
like a sprinkle of plot
Bondage
Semi-Public Sex
Car Sex
Masturbation

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

