Chapter 1: The 'Commercial'
    




Chapter Text
It was a week or so after a particularly brutal mission that Tony called a team meeting at the compound. He stood in front of the entire team with a huge grin on his face, which, honestly, put everyone on edge. Usually when Tony was like this, it would start with some kind of bet and would end with several arguments. 
“Now that everyone’s here, I’ve had an idea,” Tony began. 
“Please don’t let it be like the last one,” Bucky groaned.
“It wasn’t  that  bad,” Tony sighed, “and anyway, I know that you’ll all love this one.”
“Out with it, Tony, before we’re all as old as the soldiers over there,” Clint said, pointing at Steve and Bucky. 
Tony ducked as a cushion was thrown at Clint. “Woah! Fine. I’ve decided that the Avengers will be going on a holiday,” he said with a grin.
The room was so silent that you could hear a pin drop. They all stared at Tony in disbelief. No one would be able to say who started it, but the room soon descended into laughter. 
“Come on, Tony, what’s the real reason for bringing us here?” Steve said through his laughter.
“I’m being serious,” Tony said matter-of-factly. “We’ve all been working especially hard recently, and I wanted to treat you all to some relaxation. You know what… Forget it, I’ll head to Malibu by myself.” Tony turned to leave.
“Wait Mr. Stark!” Peter called out. “I think you just shocked everyone, right? Thank you for organizing this,” he smiled and wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist. 
Everyone else nodded in agreement, muttering apologies, which made Tony smile while he returned the hug. “Ok. Pack your bags, everyone. Quinjet leaves at midday tomorrow.”

When they arrived at Tony’s (new) Malibu beach house, Tony quickly gave the team a tour. He hadn’t had the place too long, so no one else had visited it yet. Of course, he had enough bedrooms for everyone and then some, which he allocated to everyone on the way round. The kitchen and bar were fully stocked and staffed, the lounge area had enough sofas and chairs to fit the entire team (he knew they liked a movie night or two), and the games room had everything that they could ever want. 
The team was happy to see that Tony had a fully-stocked gym. Sure, they were on holiday, but Tony knew that some of the team (most, except himself) worked out for  fun . He then opened the huge glass bi-folds and revealed the outside. Tony had an infinity pool which was surrounded by several cabanas and sun loungers. If they didn’t know this was Tony’s place, it could easily pass as a hotel. There were also a couple of boardwalks down to the beach for anyone who wanted to visit. 
Steve walked over and clapped Tony on the shoulder. “Thanks for organizing this, Tony.”
Peter turned around to the men. “Yeah, thanks Mr. Stark! I don’t know about anyone else, but I’m going swimming!”
With that, he ran off to his room to get changed. The rest of the group followed behind leisurely, going to their rooms to unpack and get changed. By the time they all came downstairs, Peter was already in the pool. The rest of the group set themselves up in cabanas or on loungers and they all enjoyed their afternoon with sun and drinks. 
Tony decided that he would fire up the grill for their first night, with his staff preparing all of the sides and accompaniments. He put his Captain America apron over his shorts (a secret santa gift from Clint a few years ago that was surprisingly useful) and got to work on the burgers and steaks. As he cooked, the staff set up the outside dining table so it would be ready for them to eat once Tony was done. 
“Hey Pete, food’s almost done. Why don’t you get dried off.”
“Ok, Mr. Stark!” Peter called out and swam his way over to the pool stairs. 
As he emerged from the water, every man around the pool would have sworn that the world went into slow motion. It was like some aftershave commercial. Peter walked out of the pool and ran his hands through his hair, dragging the excess water from the strands. The droplets of water travelled along his defined clavicle, over his toned pecs, circling his pink, pebbled nipples. They bumped through every dip of Peter’s abs before streaming down his V-lines and disappearing into the smallest pair of speedos known to man.
If there was one collective thought that was guaranteed to be going through everyone’s minds, it would have been:  Has Peter Parker ALWAYS looked like that?! 
Peter’s emergence from the water set off some chain reaction of pure chaos. Steve, who was walking back from the bar inside, completely froze, staring at the young man and dropped the drinks that he was carrying. The only saving grace was that they had plastic cups for drinking by the pool so at least there was no smashed glass anywhere.
Bucky, who had been walking behind Steve, got trapped in Peter’s spell and tripped over Steve’s foot, tumbling down the few stairs leading to the pool, his own drink covering him completely. 
Thor had been inside getting himself a sna
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers (established)

freeform: 
Speedos
Explicit Sexual Content
Peter is of age
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Everyone Is Alive
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Beach Holidays
Shameless Smut
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Top Clint Barton
Top Thor (Marvel)
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Porn With Plot

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers (established)

