Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 It was a Thursday when Penny Parker stopped talking. Uncle Ben had only come back at 3am the night before. She’d heard him. She’d been awake. He hadn’t woken up in time to see her before she left for school. It wasn’t unexpected, he’d expected the gala to run late, and therefore to get off work late, and Penny had said she’d be fine to get breakfast and walk to the bus stop on her own. She was almost 11, she could manage a morning alone. She didn’t get breakfast. She got dressed, she managed that. But everything around her seemed so slow, and she’d felt too sick to eat, so she just left and gone to the bus stop. She remembered that the world around her had seemed to flash, like her vision was lagging behind her eyes, but it wasn’t really, it was just her mind playing tricks on her. She curled up on the corner seat, right at the very back of the bus and stared out the window into nothing. She was the last one off the bus when it got to school, moving slowly enough that the driver yelled at her to hurry up. Ned ran up to her when she eventually got off, his mom drove him to school but he always waited for her. He was talking about some cool lego set he was saving up for, and asking if Penny would save up with him, but she couldn’t quite make the words make sense at the speed she normally could. Everything had seemed so slow, so far away. She sat down in her seat with her coat still zipped up, and the teacher sent her to the cloakroom to put it away. She didn’t want to take the coat off. She remembered that. Everything had been so slow and far away, and the entire world seemed dreamlike, but she hadn’t wanted to take the coat off. But the teacher said she had to, so she unzipped it and hung it up. Her jumper was on inside out. She hadn’t noticed earlier. It didn’t seem important anyway. She walked back out of the cloak room and sat down. She remembered the way silence seemed to follow her across the room like a wave. She remembered the teacher turning round. She remembered the pile of books in the teacher’s hands thudding to the ground. She remembered being asked questions. Question after question after question. She remembered opening her mouth, remembered nothing coming out. She remembered uncle Ben arriving at the school, sprinting into the nurses room, and the horror in his eyes as he saw the dark bruises around her throat and wrists. She remembered the police coming, and more questions until uncle Ben made them go away. She remembered the hospital, and more questions. She remembered the doctor, hours or days later asking her to open her mouth, asking her to say ‘ahh’ and just looking at him. She didn’t say a word through any of it. -------- There was nothing wrong with her voice box. The doctors had examined her multiple times in the days and weeks that followed, and eventually she’d heard one tell uncle Ben that she could talk, she was just choosing not to. Penny didn’t think she was choosing anything. She couldn’t talk. It wasn’t that her throat was damaged. If she chose to talk her voice would work. It was just that she couldn’t choose it. She couldn’t talk. She couldn’t rationalise it to herself. Couldn’t explain ‘this is why I can’t talk’, she just couldn’t. She tried to make herself, one day months after it, but when she opened her mouth nothing came out. She gave up eventually. Three months after it uncle Ben took her to a sign language class so she could stop having to write everything down. He went with her every day for another three months, and then couldn’t afford it any longer, but it was ok, they had the basics all down, and they could (and did) learn the rest of the vocabulary off the internet. Ned learned sign language too. He learnt it more slowly, because his parents wouldn’t send him to classes, so he had to completely teach himself, but it meant more to Penny than she could ever express. Ned never asked what had happened. Lots of the other kids did, and some jeered at her for her silence, and others called her attention seeking, but Ned never asked or pushed or laughed. Without Ned, Penny didn’t think she would have made it through the rest of the school year. So when Ned told her his parents were making him apply to Midtown school of science and technology, Penny applied too, and she studied as hard as she could for the entrance exams so she could get a scholarship. She’d always been smart, always been bored while her classmates struggled, but she wasn’t sure if smart would be good enough. Everyone applying to Midtown would be smart. And she was mute. Would Midtown want a mute scholarship kid? She managed to get the scholarship anyway. Things were better at Midtown. She heard some of the kids whispering that she only got the scholarship because she was mute, because it looked good for the school. Penny didn’t care. She was with Ned, and nobody else from their old school went to Midtown.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Peter Parker
Orphan Peter Parker
Genius Peter Parker
Intern Peter Parker
Foster Care
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
BAMF Peter Parker
Parent Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
BAMF Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Feels
Peter Parker Has Issues
Peter Parker has PTSD
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Spider-woman - Freeform
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker Friendship
Grief/Mourning
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Mentioned Skip Westcott
Past Rape/Non-con
Trauma
Anxiety
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
healing is hard
Mute Peter Parker
Sort Of
Smart Peter Parker
Tony Stark would like his intern to start letting people help her
Nightmares
Penny Parker has got this
(not really) - Freeform
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Teen Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Sign Language
Wanda Maximoff is too young for this
Penny Parker is too young for this
Optimism
Hope
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Family Feels
Family Fluff
Found Family
Peter Parker Can't Thermoregulate
Precious Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

