Work Text:
 
 
It was a rare night that Tony got to take Pepper out on a date. Tony really should be thanking the kid because Peter was the one who had given him the idea.
 
Peter had come into the lab on his usual Wednesday afternoon session for his internship, looking adorably flustered and had asked Tony if he knew anywhere nice to go out for dinner.
 
“Nothing too expensive,” Peter was quick to go on as Tony opened his mouth. “I’ve been saving up for this but I don’t have, like, a lot. But I want to go somewhere nice.”
 
“I know of a quiet place,” Tony hummed thoughtfully, stroking his chin. “Not too expensive either. A little hole in the wall Italian place I like to go sometimes when I don’t want to deal with the paparazzi.”
 
“That would be perfect,” Peter breathed, eyes sparkling with relief.
 
Tony had smirked and given him the address, Peter jotting it down carefully. Tony wanted to tease the kid but he looked so flustered and nervous as it was, Tony decided to wait until after the kid’s date to bring it up. Except, Tony had never found out when the date was because Peter had officially changed the subject and distracted Tony long enough that by the time he did remember, Peter was already gone for the day.
 
The idea of the hole in the wall restaurant had sparked the idea of treating Pepper to a normal date and so leaving the lab for the night, he hunted down Pepper and asked her out. Surprisingly, Friday night had been open and so the two had quickly blocked out times in the calendars.
 
Friday had come around quickly and Tony had driven himself and Pepper to the restaurant, parking in a nearby structure. Tony had been there often enough that the owners knew him and knew not to make a fuss. They seated them at a table, lit a candle and brought over their menus. It wasn’t until their drinks had been ordered did Peter Parker walked in and Tony remember he had forgotten to cancel the Friday lab session.
 
“Awe crap,” Tony muttered, making Pepper frown at him across the table.
 
“What?” She looked over her shoulder, spotting Peter immediately.
 
“I forgot to cancel our lab session,” Tony muttered. He offered a wave when Peter spotted them, the kids jaw dropping open.
 
Peter weaved through the table, coming to jerky halt at their table.
 
“What are you doing here?” Peter half hissed, half whined.
 
“What does it look like?” Tony snorted, feeling baffled by the kids horrified expression.
 
“Did you track me here?” Peter asked. “Is this because I forgot to tell you I couldn’t come tonight? I’m sorry okay. But I’m fine and I’m not patrolling so you can go now. Okay.”
 
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Tony interrupted. “I forgot to cancel with you. I’m on a date kid.”
 
Peter looked as if he had only just realised Pepper was there. He turned to look at her with his mouth dropped open.
 
“Hi Peter,” Pepper smiled warmly, eyes sparking with amusement.
 
“Hi Miss Potts,” Peter greeted somewhat weakly. He turned back to Tony. “You didn’t track me here?”
 
“No kid,” Tony shook his head. “I do have a life outside of the lab you know.” He grinned as the kids’ cheeks flushed bright pink.
 
“I – I know you do,” Peter stuttered out quickly. “I just thought – I didn’t think you would be here.”
 
“Well, to be fair, you did give me the idea,” Tony shrugged. He allowed a smirk to pull at his lips. “Don’t worry, I won’t embarrass you or your date.”
 
If anything, Peter’s cheeks turned redder and he shuffled his feet. “It’s not –“
 
“Peter?”
 
Peter, Tony and Pepper all looked up at the new voice and to Tony’s surprise, May Parker came into the restaurant. She was still dressed in scrubs, a coat thrown over the top and a scarf draped around her neck. She was looking tired but had a smile on her face, her mood obviously good.
 
“Hey Aunt May,” Peter grinned, shuffling shyly.
“I got your message,” May said when she reached them. She blinked at Tony and Pepper, looking surprised. “Oh! Tony, Pepper. Hi. How are you?”
 
“Hello Mrs. Parker,” Tony greeted smoothly, a little thrown at her presence but acting as if he wasn’t. “Nice to see you again.”
“You too,” May said. She looked at them hesitantly, confusion twisting her brows as she struggled to connect the dots. “I thought tonight was lab night. Is everything okay?”
 
“Everything’s fine,” Pepper interrupted smoothly. “It appears we have a happy coincidence on our hands.”
 
“It’s date night,” Peter clarified when May looked to him. “We, um, we chose the same restaurant.”
 
“Oh,” May blinked. “Date night?”
 
“Yeah,” Peter shuffled, pointedly ignoring Tony who was watching the scene with fascination. “I thought, we could do date night again. I know, um, Uncle Ben took you and I thought, you hadn’t been out like that in a while and we don’t have to! We can go home and get Thai, but I just thought, you deserve something. You’ve been working hard.”
 
Tony heart clenched and he felt his expression soften at Peter’s words. It wasn’t the traditional date he had thought Peer was going on. Peter di
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
BAMF Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Date Night
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Family Feels
Family Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker & Peter Parker

