Work Text:
The first time Tony asks him out, Steve is . . . . well, appalled is as good a word as any.  He’s noticed that Tony and decorum are two things that don’t seem to mix well, but there's improper, and then there's being asked out over the team radio during the middle of a fight with five-legged monsters from a neighboring dimension.  He blushes so hard he can hear his ears ringing.He doesn’t want to embarrass Tony—he does that enough all on his own, thank you—so he pretends he can't hear him over the sounds of the fighting.  He learns pretty quickly, however, that a person ignores Tony at his own risk.  A thin tube emerges from the side of Iron Man’s armor and starts streaming white smoke, and with it, Tony writes, “Want to grab a bite to eat after this, Steve?” in a series of flashy swoops and swirls as he blasts the enemy.  He even dots the "I's" with a heart.The silence that follows is more daunting than facing all the monsters at once.  Alone.  Without his shield. “Um, I’m sorry, but . . .”  He actually has no idea how to finish that sentence, but just then, he gets blindsided by a gigantic hairy leg and thrown against a building.Oh, thank goodness.-----The next time Tony broaches the subject, it’s just the two of them sitting on the couch and watching a movie.  He waits until the credits are rolling and says with a sideways glance, “I’m in the mood for some . . . fondue.  Interested?”It’s such a—such a Tony thing to say, and he regrets ever telling him that story, but not really, because Tony, for all his obnoxiousness, is never obnoxious to Steve (much.  Anymore), and underneath the teasing, he can tell Tony is serious.He shouldn’t be surprised.  He is, but he shouldn't be.  It’s not like he doesn’t know Tony is persistent and obsessive and slightly crazy.  He just . . . he hasn’t thought about it.  Not in terms of him and Tony anyway.  Tony is . . . well, Tony is Tony.  He’s brilliant.  And funny.  Warm and generous.  Spoiled.  Arrogant, but justifiably so.  He’s argumentative and complex and mercurial, and he has a habit of looking at Steve like he’s—“You’re right.  Chinese would be better,” Tony says, the leather creaking as he stands up.  “I’ll get the menu.”He doesn’t call Tony back.  But a part of him wonders what would happen if he did.-----There’s a long, long stretch between times two and three, long enough that Steve wonders if Tony’s over whatever it was.  His crush.  Infatuation.  Thing.Not that he spends a lot of time thinking about it.Tony flirts still.  Of course, Tony flirts with just about anyone and anything, so he doesn’t know that it counts for much, but there’s . . .  there’s a part of him that enjoys it.  Especially since Pepper had given Tony the talk about no-no touches.  After spending as much time together as they have, it’s gotten to the point where it’s impossible to imagine not having Tony and his sly smiles around.  There’s a certain ease to being with Tony that he never thinks too much about because there’s no reason to.  It just is.It’s a little bit of a shock though to see Tony flirting outrageously with someone else at a gala that they're all attending in order to raise money for local schools.Needless to say, Tony can flirt with whomever he wants to.  And it never bothers Steve when he sees him batting his eyelashes at Natasha or asking Thor to flex his muscles just because.  But this is, well, this is a little different, isn’t it?He can't stop watching the two of them.  She's gorgeous, and Tony is . . .Steve wouldn’t interrupt, because that’s not the type of person he is, even if a part of him whispers that Tony wouldn’t mind, would turn and smile and probably excuse himself to talk to Steve instead.  But he’s happier than is probably appropriate when his cell phone goes off, and while he doesn’t technically have to yell, “Avengers assemble!” just as Tony is starting to lean closer, he does anyway.He feels guilty enough to apologize for ruining his evening later, however, when they’re sitting against the side of some building and watching as cleanup crews take care of the mess that’s left over from the gigantic blob thing.“You’ve got to be kidding me.  I'm thrilled we had to leave,” Tony says, looking ridiculous in full armor with his face plate up.  But not as ridiculous as Steve used to think he looked.“Really?  It seemed like you were having a good time," he says and admits, to himself at least, the tiny of smidgen of jealousy that's buried in his comment.“Ah, well with enough practice, you too could keep up an expression of polite interest for hours on end.  Believe me, it gets old pretty fast what with all the small talk and mingling with people whose only redeeming quality is the size of their bank accounts.  Either that or having people come up to you because of the size of your, ahem, account,” Tony says, waggling his eyebrows.He shakes his head because Tony expects him to, but there's a grain of truth in Tony's words, and it sounds . . .  it sounds k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Romance
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

