Chapter 1





Chapter Text
If Charles had taken the time to imagine a worst case scenario before they departed for Cuba, he'd never have come up with this.His chest aches, tight and hot and miserable, at the sight of Erik with his hand raised to the sky, missiles spinning slowly back on themselves to face the other direction. Erik doesn't speak. His expression is closed off, like he hasn't heard a single word of Charles's pleas.Desperation claws at Charles's ribs, making his throat tight and his hands clench into fists at his sides. He can feel terrified minds screaming on those ships, loud enough that he's not sure he could block them out if he tried."There are thousands of men on those ships," Charles says—shouts—stepping nearer to Erik. "Good, honest, innocent men." The void of Erik's thoughts—god damn that helmet anyway—matches the blank wall of his expression, and Charles has never felt so helpless.He's so close now. He's barely a foot away from Erik, and the "Please," that escapes past Charles's lips is soft and crushed.It's also finally enough to get Erik's attention. Erik's gaze snaps away from the missiles and finds Charles.  His face is still unreadable—he still holds the missiles threateningly in midair—but Charles can feel the full force of Erik's attention tingling across his skin."Do you have any idea what feeling them all die will do to me?" Charles whispers, so softly that no one but Erik can possibly hear him.The blank wall on Erik's face shatters so suddenly Charles gasps at the sight, and in its place comes a look so terrified and intense that for a moment Charles can't breathe.Then Erik shakes his head and tries to school his expression. He's only fractionally successful."You can shield yourself from them," Erik says."Maybe," Charles concedes. He's still not sure how well it would work. He's never been surrounded by death on a scale like Erik is threatening now. Besides. Charles brought this danger to their doorstep. Whatever happens to those men, he deserves to feel it.Some of his conviction must show on his face, because Erik's eyes go suddenly wide."You won't even try," Erik realizes aloud. "They mean to kill you—kill all of us—in cold blood, and yet you would let their deaths tear right through you."Charles remains silent. There's no point arguing.Erik makes a guttural sound, growling and low, as he tears his eyes from Charles. Despite the helmet, Charles can see Erik's jaw working unhappily, his teeth grinding as he glares at the sand."I don't want to hurt you," Erik says. There's fury in his voice, in the tight set of his shoulders, but Charles doesn't back down."Then stop this," he says. "Stop while you can still turn back.""God damn it, Charles," Erik growls as his arm falls to his side. He's still staring darkly at the sand. Out over the water, Charles can hear the hiss and splash of a hundred missiles falling into the sea, and in his mind he feels cacophonous relief echoing from the boats beyond."Thank you," Charles whispers, closing the bare space still separating them and reaching to set a cautious hand on Erik's shoulder.Erik intercepts him, fingers wrapping around Charles's wrist in an unforgiving grip. When Erik yanks Charles close and finally raises his gaze from the sand, his eyes are bright—with fear or fury, it's impossible to distinguish."You're wrong, you know," Erik says."About what?" They're standing so close Charles can feel Erik's breath on his face. His wrist aches in Erik's grip, but he doesn't try to pull away."It's already too late," Erik says. "There is no turning back.""Don’t say that." Charles's pulse sharpens in his ears."You can't be this naïve, Charles," Erik says. "They'll never accept us. You have to see that now. It will be us or them. The humans will allow for no other choice.""There's always a choice."Erik's hold tightens, and Charles finches. He meets Erik's gaze stubbornly though—what's one more set of bruises after surviving a plane crash?"Charles, please." Erik leans closer—so close Charles can barely meet his eyes—and there's painful desperation in his voice. "I want you by my side. We're…" He pauses and swallows thickly, as though the words are too heavy to get out, but finally manages to finish, "We're brothers, you and I. All of us, together, protecting each other… We want the same thing."But even now, Charles can taste the promise of violence in the air. He can't sense Erik's thoughts through that damnable helmet, but his intentions are unmistakable in his words, the clench of his jaw, the shadows behind his eyes. Charles is the only thing standing between Erik and the murders he's burning to commit now, and he can't pretend not to see it."Oh, my friend," Charles murmurs, eyes drifting shut and voice rough with emotion. "I'm sorry. But we do not.""No," Erik growls, giving Charles a jostling shake by the wrist he still holds restrained. "It's not supposed to end like this.""It doesn't have to," Charles says. He opens his eyes and finds he c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Consent Issues
Medical Experimentation
Post-Movie(s)

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

