Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
The sounds of hard bone hitting flesh made Peter wince as he furiously scrubbed at the now non-existent stains on the hard, polished wood of the bar. His eyes were down cast as he tried to ignore the massacre in front of him with every fiber of his being. Despite it being early in the afternoon, his shift had already started off quite eventfully, with a barroom brawl. Even now, he found it hard on himself not to intervene. However, he knew he couldn’t draw attention to himself. In this type of environment, attention was either bad or worse with no better or inbetween. It was something he couldn’t afford. 
A thump in front of him drew him out of his musings, his Spidey Sense starting to tingle quite annoyingly. Whoever was in front of him was dangerous. A deep voice started to speak. 
“Old fashioned,” came the demand. Peter nodded silently, willing his face to be impassive as he concentrated on making the drink for the man. When he was done, he slid the drink over to the bar counter. 
“Here you go sir,” he uttered politely, glancing up and taking note of the patron. He was an older man who wore a black, fitted T-shirt that displayed his assets clearly, biceps bulging as he leaned leisurely against the counter. White hair covered his head, cut recently as the smell of fresh shampoo came off of him to reach Peter’s sensitive nose. He could also clearly see little hairs clinging to the black of his shirt. The man had an eye patch over his right eye and was huge as well. 
When he finished his drink, he slid it back over to him, and stood up at his full height, towering well over Peter and the rest of the patrons in the bar. The man’s one eye glanced at him, appraising him and Peter couldn’t help but blush a bit. He looked away, but not before noticing the slight twitch of the man’s mouth as he did. 
‘Fuck,’ he thought and to avoid more embarrassment, Peter glanced around the large man to look at where the brawl had gotten to now. 
“You new here?” Peter’s large eyes came back up to meet the other man’s and he nodded shyly. 
“Yeah, a little over a month.” Eye-Patch (as Peter has now affectionately nicknamed him) hummed and stared at Peter for a little while longer, who fidgeted uncomfortably. Even though there was plenty of noise within the mostly empty club, the silence between both men was getting to Peter, which prompted him to ask a question. “Do you come here often?” The man grinned. 
“Not before.” That made Peter blink. He tilted his head in confusion. He was obviously missing something here. 
“Huh?” Eye-Patch laughed, gaining the attention of several people around them. 
“Nothing, sweetheart,” Peter bristled a bit at the nickname, “just that you should probably expect me more.” Reaching into his pocket, Eye-Patch pulled out several hundred dollar bills and threw them towards Peter, whose eyes widened at the sight. “Just for you. Keep the change.” And he walked out the door without another word. Peter gaped at the door for a long while before looking at the neat bills on the counter.
“Weirdos,” he grumbled underneath his breath but not before pocketing the money. Another low thrum sang at the back of his head and he felt a presence sidle up beside him. He knew who it was without even looking. 
“Hey Petey Boy!” Peter grabbed the glass that Eye-Patch just drank out of and began washing it. 
“Hey Harley. What’s up?” The woman squealed happily, popping the gum in her mouth obnoxiously. Peter found that he quite liked Harleen Quinzel, after he worked past his first impression of her. 
“Nothin’ much,” she drawled out teasingly, her blonde pigtails bouncing around her, “just wonderin’ when ya’ became such good friends with Deathstroke over there.” Peter grabbed a rag hanging on the bottom countertop and started to wipe down the glass in his hands. 
“Who?” Harley giggled loudly, toying with the hem of Peter’s T-shirt as she grabbed onto one of his arms. He glanced down at her with a soft, curious look and she rolled her eyes playfully. 
“Y’know, hunky Eye-Patch guy? Guy who just left?” 
“Ah,” Peter realized before questioning, “his name is Deathstroke?” Harley rolled her eyes again. 
“No, silly! His real name is Slade Wilson. He’s a mercenary for hire.” 
‘Guess that answers that question.’ Harley blew a bubble and popped it again, winking suggestively at him, “and he was so interested in you!” Peter snorted. 
“Nah. I’m new here so he was just asking. Besides, he’s a bit too old for me.” The look on Harley’s face was dubious. 
“Uh-huh. Sure, honey. I’m just saying, he’s pretty hot. Also,” he felt a squeeze on his bicep, “have you been working out? You’re ripped!” Her smile became mischievous. “Trying to impress someone? Ooh! Ooh! Is it me?” Peter gave a small laugh, his curly hair bouncing as he shook his head. 
“I’m always trying to impress you, Harls.” The blonde giggled and leaned over to kiss his cheek before swiping her thumb across it, wiping away the lipstick. 
“Aww, y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Dick Grayson
Peter Parker/Jason Todd
Peter Parker/Tim Drake
Peter Parker/Damian Wayne
Pamela Isley/Harleen Quinzel
Joker (DCU)/Harleen Quinzel
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones/Shuri
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
May Parker/Happy Hogan
Peter Parker & The Avengers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange/Bruce Wayne
Peter Parker & The Bat Family
The DC Universe & The Marvel Universe

freeform: 
Peter Parker and the Batfam
Crossover: DC & Marvel
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker basically dates all the Batsons
Sugar Daddy Dick Grayson
Sugar Daddy Jason Todd
Sugar Daddy Tim Drake
Sugar Daddy Damian Wayne
But like not really sugar daddy
Because they do it for free
They REALLY like Peter
Sugar Daddy Bruce Wayne
Mafia Batfamily (DCU)
Mob Boss Bruce Wayne
Mob Boss Dick Grayson
Mob Boss Jason Todd
Mob Boss Tim Drake
Mob Boss Damian Wayne
They're doing bad to do good
dark Batfamily
you'll understand once you read it
Tony Stark is a mess
good parent Bruce Wayne
Good Parent May Parker
Batsons are GAY for Peter Parker
Batman is a comic in Marvel
Spider Man is NOT a comic in DC
Peter Parker doesn't exist until he does in the DC universe
He is also smol
The Wayne Boys don't come in until the second chapter though!
possible sexual content

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Dick Grayson
Peter Parker/Jason Todd
Peter Parker/Tim Drake
Peter Parker/Damian Wayne
Pamela Isley/Harleen Quinzel
Joker (DCU)/Harleen Quinzel
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones/Shuri
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
May Parker/Happy Hogan
Peter Parker & The Avengers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange/Bruce Wayne
Peter Parker & The Bat Family
The DC Universe & The Marvel Universe

