Chapter 1: school shooting at midtown.
    


Notes:
tw: gun violence, school shooting. (no one dies though)




Chapter Text
“Parker!” Coach Wilson shouted as Peter lazily jogged around the track. “I’ve seen you go faster than that, put in the work, pick up the pace.” Peter shot a look to Ned and jogged slightly faster. Suddenly, out of absolutely nowhere, Peter’s spidey-sense BLARED and he stopped in his tracks abruptly. “Ned,” Peter whispered. “Ned -” But Peter didn’t have time to finish his sentiment, because the alarm immediately began blaring. “Active shooter, this is not a drill, I repeat, this is not a drill.” Peter’s heart caught in his throat as he ran under the bleachers, following the rest of his class. Betty was calling her parents, Charles was saying some sort of prayer, Cindy was crying softly, Flash looked utterly petrified, Sally was full-on sobbing, Abe was frantically texting his sister, even MJ looked nervous. “Everyone needs to remain as quiet as they possibly can,” Coach Wilson whispered, and several students stuffed their fists in their mouths to muffle their sobs. “Peter,” Ned hissed with wide eyes. Peter felt utterly useless. He didn’t have his suit. What could he do? “Peter, you need to call Mr. Stark!” Ned whispered. Three bullets sounded. Crack. Crack. Crack. Each one pierced his ears and he felt a tear run down his cheek. None of the other students reacted to it, however, so the shooters must be far away. “Okay, okay, okay, it’s going to be okay,” Peter whispered under his breath, mainly to himself. He pulled out his phone, scrolled through the contacts, and his finger hovered over his mentor’s phone number. Ned gave him a meaningful look, so he pressed it. Ring... Ring... Ring... “Pete? Aren’t you supposed to be in school?” Peter muffled a cry. “Mr. - Mr. Stark,” he managed to get out, biting down on his tongue to keep from bursting out in tears. “Please,” he whispered. “What’s going on, kid? Talk to me, please, FRI, give me a suit. ETA ten minutes, Pete, what’s going on?” “I don’t have my suit,” Peter whispered. “I don’t have my suit.” “Peter, bambino, you’re going to be okay, I promise, please tell me what’s happening.” “They have guns,” Peter said.  “Fuck. Peter -” Five bullets, this time. Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack. From the muffled screams and sobs, Peter figured the shooter was getting closer. “Pete? Pete? Are you okay? Please, Pete, please, you need to be okay, just tell me you’re alive, bambino, please.” Peter whimpered in response. “Okay, Pete, that’s all I needed. I have six more minutes. FRI, all power to thrusters, maximum speed. I’m coming, Peter, I’m not going to let anything happen to you.” Crack. “Pete?” “’M okay.” Crack. Crack. “Three minutes, Pete.” Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack. Everyone was sobbing at this point, including Coach Wilson. The bullets sounded closer than ever. They sounded as though they were right behind the door to the gym... “Pete? Pete? Pete? Please, Pete, please. Answer me if you can hear me, Pete, please.” Peter let out a small sob. “Thank God, bambino, fifty more seconds.” “I- I hear the – the thrust-” But Peter couldn’t finish his sentence because the door was battered open. “Shit,” Peter whispered. “Peter. Peter, don’t do something stupid.” Peter hung up as an armed man came into his view. He knew that they would be visible, he could only hope that the bleachers would protect them from any bullets. His spidey-sense flared. The man cocked the gun. A bullet rang out, headed straight for MJ’s forehead.  Everything happened in slow-motion. The bullet, Iron Man crashing through the window, Peter diving in front of MJ. And then – pain. Pain, pain, pain, and Peter had been shot before, but that was with the suit, and he was more thankful for the suit than ever before because goddammit, being shot fucking HURT. And he knew he was screaming, and he knew that he had leapt inhumanly fast, and he knew that Mr. Stark was saying something, and he knew that Iron Man was flying him out the window, but all he understood was PAIN PAIN PAIN. And then – black. --- Betty opened her eyes. A ray of sun bounced of the gun on the floor, and beside the gun was an unconscious man. And she let herself sob. And sob, and sob, and sob, until she could hardly breathe, but it didn’t matter, because she could have DIED. Everyone was sobbing, and it was okay, they were okay, but they almost weren’t, and that was fucking scary. “Pete, please, goddammit, Pete -” Betty sniffed and gulped in a breath of fresh air, her eyes searching to find the voice – and why did it sound so familiar? Ah. Because it was the voice of Anthony Edward Stark, holding Peter Parker in his hands. The Peter Parker who had leapt in front of a bullet for MJ and now had a hole in his side. Wonderful. But Betty certainly couldn’t comprehend any of this information right now, so she just let herself... breathe. --- Peter woke up to incessant beeping and he groaned softly. “Peter, thank God,” Tony sai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
peter parker & president matthew ellis
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Thor
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Avengers Team
peter parker & dumbassery
that should be a tag - Relationship
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
chapter 5 - Relationship
Scott Lang & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Other(s)
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Carol Danvers/Original Female Character(s)
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Identity Reveal
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Secret Identity Fail
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
School Shootings
High School
Gun Violence
peter parker is a self sacrificial idiot
Irondad
NOT STARKER - Freeform
Ever - Freeform
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Field Trip
Tony Stark Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has Panic Attacks
The White House
the avengers dont understand secret identities
peter parker knows the president
peter parker is so dumb
Peter Parker is a Mess
i do not know physics
Chapter 3
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Trans Peter Parker
Trans Male Peter Parker
abes neighbor is deadpool
Team Red (Marvel) - Freeform
Angry Peter Parker
peter parker is not a male escort
Texting
One Shot Collection
one shots
Family
Team as Family
family day
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
peter cannot have coffee
Teen Peter Parker
Essays
Protective Bucky Barnes
Adopted Peter Parker
Genius Peter Parker
Phone Calls & Telephones
the on speaker trope
5 Things
5+1 Things
Studying
peter is really bad at secret identities
Like
really bad
quizlets
Daily Bugle
Tony stark means well
tony stark has too much money
Guns
Betty Brant is a Good Bro
peter parker is done with the world
peter parker is still not a male escort
Pepper Potts is a Tired Mom
bruce banner is just tired
bruce banner needs to sleep
Civil War Team Iron Man
briefly
Sassy Peter Parker
salty peter parker
Bombs
Peter Snaps
Peter Parker Is So Done
John Mulaney References
Guilty Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has Issues
the o.g spider-suit
I Wrote This While Listening to French Music I Didn't Understand
(just thought you should know)
Peter has no idea what he's doing
Oblivious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Stressful Situations
Hostage Situations
no beta we die like gladiators
The Ten Rings (Marvel)
Kidnapping
Presumed Dead
Sad Peter Parker
Whump
Angst with a Happy Ending
Sad with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Artificial Intelligence
Genius Tony Stark
Tony Stark gives a hug
(literally)
Funeral
Useless Lesbians
No Lesbians Die
POV Outsider
POV Original Character
Guidance Counselors
Tony Stark Lives
I promise
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Lesbian Carol Danvers
pining lesbians
Bisexual Michelle Jones
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
midtown - Freeform
Midtown High
Therapy
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
i love her i swear why do i keep killing her
there's twitter in this now
Social Media
Twitter
I Wrote This While Listening to Hozier's Music
Memes
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Fluff and Crack
Why Did I Write This?
Roger Harrington Needs a Hug
Roger Harrington Knows Bruce Banner
bruce banner needs to go to sleep again
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Peter Parker Lacks Self-Preservation Instincts
oh my god its a tag
i need that tag on all of my works
anyway
Stabbing
Anxious Peter Parker
peters identity is very secret
Mysterious Michelle Jones
Smart Peter Parker
suspicious peter parker
Avengers Tower
Stark Industries
Stark Tower
im ignoring the fact that he sold it because i want to
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Natasha Romanov Knows All
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
its mentioned - Freeform
Peter Parker Loves Tony Stark
tony stark doesn't know him though
peter parker also loves bruce banner
Nerd Peter Parker
Laboratories
Fake Science
Injured Peter Parker
Sparring
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones knows all
Strong Peter Parker
the avengers do not know peter
Spider-Man's Fan Club
Protective Ned Leeds
Worried Ned Leeds
flash thompson redemption kind of
but hes also a bit of a jerk
Gunshot Wounds
Mugging
Scars
Mentioned Ben Parker
Someone give Peter a hug
ned leeds is the best of bros
Guilt
guilt complexes
flash is a spider-man stan
Fans
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
Competition
Bus
Stephen Strange Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Cloak of Levitation & Peter Parker Friendship
Worried Peter Parker
ned leeds attempts to be a good bro
but he's not helping
mj is soft shhhhh
Spidey Sense (Marvel)
misuse of spidey-sense
With Great Power Comes Great Responsibility
Pizza
why have so many people read this
Peter Parker is an idiot
prompts
prompt
discontinued
Fix-It

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
peter parker & president matthew ellis
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Thor
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Avengers Team
peter parker & dumbassery
that should be a tag - Relationship
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
chapter 5 - Relationship
Scott Lang & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Other(s)
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Carol Danvers/Original Female Character(s)
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

