Work Text:
  Peter was jostled as he was buffeted in every direction. People were running and screaming in every direction and fear was coursing through his body. Peter was too short, lost in a sea of legs as everyone scattered. He had lost sight of his best friend Ned in the chaos and no matter how hard he cried out for Ned, he couldn’t see him. Peter’s first Stark Expo was not going the way he had expected it too. Peter had been invited to the Stark Expo by his best friend Ned and after much pleading and begging to his Aunt May and Uncle Ben, they had allowed him to go. They had given him some money to buy some merchandise which Peter had taken very seriously in his selection. After much browsing and deliberation, he had chosen a realistic looking mask and matching gloves that had glowing repulsors. Peter had put them on immediately and hadn’t taken them off. They had gone to watch the opening ceremony and both Peter and Ned had practically been vibrating with excitement as they waited for Mr. Stark to make his appearance. They hadn’t been able to get in so they watched on the large TV screens outside the building. When he did, Peter had cheered as loudly as he could. His throat hurt from how loud he cheered and his palms ached from how hard he had clapped but it was all worth it. This was the greatest night of his life! But then the screams had started and robots had started attacking and Peter had gotten separated from the Leeds. Peter stayed perfectly still as people ran around him. He tried to get his legs to move but he couldn’t. He couldn’t be scared. Tony Stark, Ironman, wouldn’t be scared. He could do this. Ironman was Peter’s favourite super hero and the bravest man he knew. After his Uncle Ben of course. Peter was a huge fan of the superhero but also a big fan of Mr. Stark. Peter had so many science questions for the man that he had written them down before he had left, just in case Mr. Stark had a spare minuet to answer them. His Aunt had said that tonight was a big night for Mr. Stark so he may not have the time to talk with Peter but had suggested that they could write the questions to Mr. Stark and mail them in. Suddenly the buffeting stopped and Peter found himself in a square, practically alone. He looked up, jaw dropping behind his mask as he stared up at a large robot. It was coming towards him, the ground shaking under its heavy footsteps and it was looking right at Peter.   What would Ironman do? Peter thought. Tony Stark would not be afraid of a robot. Squaring his shoulders, Peter stared at the robot. Slowly, he raised his arm in the Ironman’s signature pose. The Robot focused on Peter and stepped closer. Peter raised his hand, trying to keep it from shaking, ready to fire. A gun appeared on the robots’ shoulder and Peter’s breath caught.   Something bright hit the robot, sparks flying and the robot went down. Peter jumped and looked up to see Ironman himself right before him. “Nice work kid,” came the slightly disembodied voice of Tony Stark before he was blasting off into the air once more. Beneath the mask, Peter grinned and stared at the retreating figure of Ironman. Now that the robot was taken care of, he had Ned to find.  As much as Tony would like to continue kissing Pepper Potts, he did just wreck a large portion of real-estate. Tony had managed to peal the ruined suit from his body and stored it securely in a place that wouldn’t get him into trouble. Pepper had gone to talk to the authorities and begin the massive task of smoothing this whole fiasco over.  Tony swept through the expo. What had been streaming with people was now a ghost town. Glass, litter and trails of destruction covered the area and it made Tony’s hands clench with anger. All of this could have been avoided. He prayed that there were no deaths and that all injuries were treatable. He would have to make sure to go visit and apologize to anyone who was injured and cover any medical bills. Something caught Tony’s eyes and he paused in his steps. Over to the side, poking at the now destroyed robot was the same kid Tony had saved earlier judging by the helmet. Tony first felt relief to see that the kid was okay but then confusion followed as he wondered why the kid was still here. The kid was gently poking the robot with his extended foot and before pulling it back quickly. Then he begun to write something down on a piece of paper, crouching down to use his thigh as a table. Tony strode over, glancing around to make sure there was truly no one around. “Hey Ironman,” Tony greeted. The kid looked up, jumping to his feet. “Mr Stark!” “Nice work kid,” Tony repeated his words from earlier. “You looking to be the next Ironman?” The kid shook his head. “M’ too little to be a superhero.” Tony grinned. “Best to give it a few more years.” “Did you get all the bad guys, Mr. Stark?” the kid asked, sounding hopeful. “Sure did,” Tony said and was relieved that the words were true. “Thanks for the help, kid. You were really b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Brave Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Stark Expo
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Getting Together
Ironman 2
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Precious Ned Leeds
Fluff
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
BAMF Tony Stark
Hugs
Smart Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

