Chapter 1



Notes:
⚠️Warning: strong language⚠️

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
"Hey, Dad! Did you know that female spiders eat the male spiders after they become pregnant?"Tony sighed to himself. The things Peter came out with sometimes. "That's great, kid. Why don't you go tell Aunty Nat? I'm sure she'd love to hear about spider cannibalism.""No, she's busy.""What about Bruce?""Calming down in his room," Peter replied thinking of just moments ago when the scientist had found out Thor had eaten something he'd apparently labeled as his.Tony decided not to ask. "What about Pop?""Out for a run," Peter replied. He had gone out a few minutes ago. Peter had been chatting around physics until Steve had abruptly announced that he was going for an hour long jog and quickly left.Tony bit his lip, thinking hard. "Clint! Surely Uncle Clint isn't busy, right?"Peter thought about it. "I don't think so—""Perfect! Hey, Jarv? Where's Clint?" Tony interrupted before Peter could finish."In the lounge room, Sir," Jarvis replied promptly."There ya go, Pete. I got work to do now, so...""I could help?" Peter offered but Tony was already shaking his head."It's all good, kid. I've got it," Tony said and Peter sighed, turning away with a slight frown.He went to the lounge to find Clint playing half off of it, idly fiddling with the remote controller in his hand as he played Mario Kart."Hi, Uncle Clint," Peter said cheerfully, sitting down on the free space of the couch."Hey! Peter, my man. Mario Kart?" The archer asked, tossing a remote beside him which Peter caught with his fast reflexes."Always," Peter answered, smiling.Clint grinned, about to start the game when his phone rang. He pulled it out, putting it to his ear. "Yeah, hi-Ow! Don't yell, Tasha! Oh, shit. I forgot. Yeah...yeah alright, I'm heading there now." He hung up. "Sorry, kiddo. Aunty Nat is gonna kill me, so I gotta go meet her. I'll play later, 'kay?"Peter barely mumbled an 'okay' back before Clint had left, the TV still showing the screen for the game, but Peter didn't feel like playing anymore.He wanted someone else to hang out with. But everyone was busy or didn't want him around. He wasn't dumb. He knew when people didn't want him there. But it didn't make the fact that they didn't want him around hurt any less.Peter placed the controller on the table, not wanting to play alone. He just wanted someone to be friends with. Someone his own age. Fifteen, maybe sixteen. He didn't mind who. Just someone.The balcony lit up outside in a multicoloured light. When it vanished, a large blonde man stood in its place."Hi, Thor," Peter said, seeming unfazed. He'd seen Thor arrive via Bifrost before. The first it happened, Peter had screamed very manly he thought though Dad had said he'd sounded like a girl. Which he most definitely did not.Thor entered the room with a bright smile. "Spiderling. How good to see you again.""Thanks," Peter said unsurely. "Uh, you too."Thor nodded. "Do you by any chance know where your Father is?""Which one?" Peter asked, half in a joking tone, and half being quite literal."The Man of Iron," Thor answered obviously note getting the joking side of it at all."Um, down in the lab, why?" Peter said after a moment."I need to speak with him—""Thor, you oaf! Will you move?!"Peter blinked. The voice sounded familiar. But not one that he instantly recognized either. But he did know that whoever must be speaking had to be young by the sound of the voice.Thor moved to the side. "I was wondering why you were jabbing me in the back, Brother."'Brother'? Peter thought. But that had to mean...A boy moved out from behind Thor's bulk. The boy, or more accurately teen, was slim but tall. His hair was raven black and reached just a little ways past his ears, curling up slightly. He was pale, very pale and had sparkling green eyes that looked full of mischief and trouble. The teen glared at Thor though he looked more annoyed than hateful."I am not your Brother!" He hissed, his voice again familiar, but at the same time different though Peter couldn't figure out why.Just at that moment, Tony came in looking tired before noticing Thor. "Thor, hey! Jarvis didn't let me know you were here..." he trailed off looking at the teen who started back with a large amount of distaste. "Who's this?"Thor bit his lip looking suddenly uncomfortable. "It's...Loki."Tony blinked rapidly for about ten seconds as if he couldn't believe what the hell he was hearing. Peter could barely believe it himself. Loki? The Loki? The god of Mischief himself? The one who attacked New York? The 'you shall kneel before me and lick my shoes' Loki?Impossible!Tony finally spoke in a stained voice. "Please tell me you're fucking with me. Please?"Thor shook his head. "Nay. 'Tis really Loki."Tony gaped at the teen who smirked slightly at the geniuses shocked look. "But he's a kid!" Tony exclaimed.Thor sighed. "Yes, he is. My Father has turned Loki mor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Teen Loki (Marvel)
Sassy Loki (Marvel)
Loki Does What Loki Wants (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Teen Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Adopted Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Steve Rogers
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
High School
Bullying
Self-Harm
Self-Hatred
Self-Esteem Issues
Past Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Humor

fandom: 
Loki/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

