Work Text:
Steve leaned against the bar, letting it hold him up a little bit. He felt good. The last time he'd tried (and failed) to get drunk, he'd just lost Bucky, and was trying to blunt the edge of his agony before it sawed him to pieces. Now he was outside of a fair bit of Asgardian beer, feeling boneless and expansive, like he wanted to hug everyone in the room at once, and Bucky...Bucky was just a few feet away, dancing up a storm - his current partner was Bruce. He was down to his undershirt and suspenders, glowing with sweat. His hair was escaping its once-neat ponytail to fly around his face, which was lit by the same joy Steve felt. The image of Steve's shield gleamed on his left shoulder, and the gold ring Steve put on him glinted on his left hand.His husband. Steve could hardly believe it.Tony made his way towards Bucky and Bruce, moving with more determination than steadiness. He said something to Bucky that made him blink and look to Steve, and Tony gave him a gentle shove and started dancing with Bruce himself.Bucky rushed at Steve and leapt into his arms, coiling his legs around Steve's waist and his arms behind Steve's neck. Steve staggered under the sudden, solid weight, and the onslaught of lavish kisses. He cradled Bucky's back and gave as good as he got, head starting to spin."What brought this on?""Couldn't remember the last time I kissed you." Bucky swirled his tongue thoroughly around the inside of Steve's mouth; they both tasted of the beer, with its strange notes of flowers and fruit (like apples, but somehow emphatically not apples)."That's because you're- ohh! Because you're drunk," Steve said breathlessly, a hot shiver going through him as Bucky craned his neck and nipped at his ear, filling it with his warm breath."And you're not? That ain't my back, Rogers." Oh. Hmm. At some point, Steve's hands had drifted down to grope Bucky's ass. He kneaded the plush, warm flesh automatically, watching Bucky's eyes darken with every squeeze, until he bent to Steve's ear again and growled, "D'you have any idea what I wanna do to you?""None," Steve bullshitted, "you better tell me."Bucky grinned, and gave an abrupt little twist-and-yank with his hips that had them falling to the floor and rolling behind the bar. Steve wound up on his side, tucked up against Bucky where he lay on his back. Bucky laced his fingers behind his head, looking vastly pleased with himself.Steve propped himself up on one elbow and sucked on Bucky's lower lip, nipping it gently before licking into his mouth. All the while, he rucked up Bucky's shirt and caressed his belly, then tried to slip his hand under Bucky's waistband, before giving it up as a bad job and just cupping Bucky's cock through his pants. Bucky hummed and rolled his hips into the touch, hands coming out from behind his head to yank Steve on top of him by his lapels.Their lips parted with a soft smack. "You were saying?" Steve reminded him.Bucky looked less smug and more dazed, but he still managed to keep his voice smooth as he said, "Wanna put my hands on you, baby, bring you off a couple times, just for starters." He unbuttoned Steve's shirt and stroked up and down Steve's waist, one hand warm and one cool. "Dunno if I wanna suck you while I finger you, or jerk you off and then clean you up with my tongue, but it's gonna be my left fingers up inside you, doll. I know you love how hard they feel, you open up for them so sweet."Steve could feel himself blushing already, but he couldn't be bothered to care, not with Bucky's words sparking in his blood, most of which was rushing to his cock so fast he felt light-headed. He ground down against Bucky, who was plenty hard himself, and said shakily, "Yeah? What then?""Well," Bucky said, "then I think I wanna make you ride me." Steve's opened jacket and shirt hung down around them both, concealing his hands as he reached into Steve's pants. Steve's suit wasn't as tailored as Bucky's, so he was able to do so easily, taking Steve's cock in one hand and grabbing his ass with the other. "Get you sitting in my lap, all spread open." He jerked Steve slowly, lightly, matching the teasing fingers he slipped into Steve's crack. "Wanna see you fuck yourself, pretty baby, bouncing up and down, giving yourself my dick, mmm, yeah." He gave Steve's cock a firmer stroke with a twist at the top, brushing his fingertips over Steve's hole at the same time, and Steve came just like that, burying his face in Bucky's neck to muffle his gasps."Goddamn," Bucky said wonderingly, "goddamn, sweetheart, I guess you like the sound of that plan?""Yeah, Bucky," Steve panted, "that sounds-""Hot!" Darcy pronounced, looking down at them from where she was leaning over the bar. Bucky jerked; Steve looked up in horror, then hid his face again. "Are you gonna do that right here? Because I for one would not object.""Miss Lewis!" Bucky said, obviously scrambling for a reply."Oh, no. If you two don't promise to finally call me Darcy from now on, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Drinking
Alcohol
Drunk Sex
Dirty Talk
Oral Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Rimming
Felching
Honeymoon
Anal Fisting
Sexual Roleplay
Hair Kink
Fireworks
Medical Examination
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
Fluff and Smut
Romantic Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Schmoop
Comfort No Hurt
Darcy Is Ceiling Cat
Comeplay
Praise Kink
Married Sex
Smut
Shameless Smut
Multiple Orgasms
69 (Sex Position)
POV Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

