Work Text:
  “We won, Mr. Stark,” Peter choked out, eyes flickering desperately over Mr. Stark's face. The blackened scars that now took up half his face were horrific but it was the vacant stare in Mr. Stark’s eyes had Peter’s stomach rolling. A hand touched his shoulder, drawing him back and away from Tony. Peter couldn’t really see who it was through his tears. His face was starting to crumpling as he tried desperately not to lose all composure. This couldn’t be the end. This was not how Mr. Stark was supposed to go. He was Ironman! The man was indestructible! It wasn’t a world if Mr. Stark wasn’t in it. Peter blinked away the tears, Pepper and Rhodey now obscuring his vision of Mr. Stark.  Peter wrapped an arm around his stomach, his breath catching in this throat as he tried to see Mr. Stark again. He strained his hearing, listening to Pepper telling Mr. Stark that he could rest now. 
Thump.

 

 

Thump. 

 

 

Thump.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Thump. 

 
Peter stumbled back as he heard Mr. Stark’s heart stop and his vision went white. His limbs shook, head shaking, his mind already reeling a series of denials. No, no, no, no, no, no. All around Peter, The Avenger’s started to drop to their knees, heads bowing. Tears streaming down his face, a hiccuping sob escaping his lips, Peter turned and ran as fast as he could. His body ached, a roaring sound rushing through his ears as he sprinted as fast as could to get away. Mr. Stark’s pale, vacant expression played in a loop in Peter’s mind as he gasped for air. He tripped and stumbled of the debris as he ran, eager to get as far away from the battle field as possible. Peter had no idea where he was. There was nothing familiar about the place, the land too destroyed. A look at the sky told him he wasn’t in space anymore and that he was somewhere on Earth. Peter ran until he couldn’t hear the heartbreak behind him. He ran until his body grew weak. He ran until he tripped, slamming into the ground. He sobbed into the ground, curling up into a tight ball. Tears streamed down his face as his heart broke and he cried ugly sobs into the soil. Alone, Peter let himself break.  
Thump 

 
Steve’s head shot up, a tear tracking down his cheek. No. It couldn’t be. Steve stumbled to his feet, nearly tripping back over but he caught his balance. He strode over to Pepper and Rhodey, staring at Tony with wide eyes. Tony’s eyes were still open, his gaze vacant and face far paler than Steve had ever seen. The light in his arc reactor was out and Steve swallowed roughly. He could have sworn that he had heard – 
Thump 

 
“He’s alive,” Steve choked out. Pepper’s head whipped around to him, her face streaming with tears. “What?” she choked out. “His heart. It’s still beating. Slow. Far too slow,” Steve choked out. “But he’s still alive.” Pepper gasped, whipping around to face Tony once more. “Tony?” Thor approached on Steve left, his face far more serious than Steve had ever seen it. “We must do something.” He dropped his axe on the ground with a thud and from Steve’s limp grip, he took back his original hammer. “Thor,” Steve warned. “It has worked before,” Thor said firmly “It will work again.” Steve could only watch as Thor knelt beside Tony, raising the hammer to hover it over his chest. Sparks of lightening crackled from the head of the hammer. Steve could only hold his breath as Thor brought the hammer down with a light touch. The suit crackled, lightening flickering through and the arc reactor suddenly burned brightly. Tony let out a startled, wheezing gasp, eyes widening. “Tony!” Pepper cried, cupping his face carefully. “Oh God, FRIDAY?” “Vitals are still critical but heart rate returning,” FRIDAY said. “Tony,” Pepper sobbed, bowing her head and resting her forehead just above his arc reactor. “Strange! Strange get over here!” Rhodey snapped, looking around widely for the Wizard. “Son of a bitch,” Steve muttered under his breath, a smile tugging at his lips. “He did it.”  Tony woke up with the thought that this was the worst hangover ever, promptly taking over the top spot which belonged to one back in his MIT days. His head was swimming and he was sure his brain had turned to mush. His whole body felt bruised and when he tried to move his hand to scrub pinch the pain between his eyes, he found that he didn’t have one. Well, that’s new, the thought sluggishly. “Tony?” Tony blinked at the hushed voice, his gaze a little blurry. As his vision adjusted, he managed to get his lips to twitch into a small smile at the sight of his beautiful wife hovering over him. “We win?” “Yes,” Pepper chuckled wetly. “We won. Thanks to you, you stupid man.” “Rude,” Tony huffed, voice dry and cracking on every other syllable. “I saved the world and you call me stupid.” Pepper let out a wet sob and pressed her lips against his cheek. “I love you.” “I love you too,” Tony said. He must have drifted off because when he woke up again he still felt hungover but at least his mind was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Feels
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Fix-It of Sorts
endgame fix it fic
Avengers forget Peter
Tony Stark lost his arm
Tony Stark Lives
Everybody Lives
Minor Swearing

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

