Work Text:
The problem is that there's no set formula for something like this. Yeah, yeah, there's the question, the ring, the promises, but it's not like there's an empirical standard here. All pop culture agrees on is that each proposal should be unique, that it should occur at the perfect moment, but it's not like it's something Tony can code for, something for which he can ask Jarvis to calculate the statistical odds of success.After weeks of fidgeting and fretting over it, he decides to go with a classic. He has the gold from his mother's engagement ring melted down and made into something he thinks Steve might feel more comfortable wearing, and books the Royal Suite at Le Meurice for a week. Tony flies them to Paris, figuring that a proposal at the top of the Eiffel Tower in the middle of the City of Light, it's a sure-fire winner. The two of them stand there at sunset—Steve looking out at the Seine, the white-and-grey stone of central Paris, the lines of his face softened with happiness; Tony nervously turning the ring box over and over in his jacket pocket, feeling grateful that he applied extra deodorant this morning.Tony clears his throat, opens his mouth—and the evening sky lights up with explosions. "You cannot be serious," he says, because this, this is the time that what looks like a crack team of commandos decides to attack the Eiffel Tower? But apparently they are serious, and Tony's still Iron Man and Steve's still Captain America, so what the hell, they go to work.Afterwards, panting, streaked with soot, Steve looks over at him and squints and says, "Did you get a tip or something? Good timing.""Uh huh," Tony says, "yeah, something like that, if you'll excuse me I'll just be over here tearing my hair out in a delightfully Gallic manner." He waves away the waiter who's peering out hesitantly from behind a now half-melted strut—Tony'd booked out the entire Le Jules Verne restaurant, figuring that a perfect proposal should be followed with oysters and chocolate and artichokes and every aphrodisiac Tony could think of, before they tested the springs in their bed back at the hotel suite—but now that seems just a little pointless. Tony might not be entirely sure what a moment is, but he knows what it isn't.

*****
After the Eiffel Tower incident—which, hey, at least now they both have the Légion d'honneur, so it's not like it was an entirely wasted trip—Tony decides that he needs a new approach. Simple, he decides. Minimalism is in, and Pepper reminds him that Steve tends not to like it when Tony goes overboard, so he decides that his next attempt will be made during a romantic picnic for two in Central Park.Only he can't quite control his micromanaging tendencies, so he has the event catered and gets planning permission to put up a tent overlooking the Lake. It's all going pretty well—Tony even double-checked this time, and Steve is neither allergic nor averse to either strawberries or champagne—and then, just as Tony is deciding to inch a little closer to Steve, to make his move, the heavens open.It pours. Not the romantic movie kind of pouring, either—no way Meg Ryan would have set foot in this. This rain is sheeting down, near to horizontal, churning the ground into mud and sending tourists running for cover. Naturally, Steve being Steve, he says, "Tony, we have to let these poor people in here. There's more than enough room, they'll get soaked."Tony opens his mouth, closes it. Opens it again and says, "... sure.""Thank god you had a tent set up!" Steve says, cheerful despite the weather, once said tent is full of a heaving mass of humanity, chattering and steaming as their clothes dry off. Someone has started eating the shrimp cocktail, exclaiming over the luxury of the Big Apple in a Midwestern accent; Tony’s trying not to think about it."Uh huh," Tony says. He's trapped next to an elementary school teacher from Poughkeepsie, who keeps trying to make small talk with him, while the ring box makes an awkward weight in his jacket pocket—he's not exactly thanking any deity just now.The rain doesn't let off for a good half hour, which is more than enough time for half a dozen visitors from America's Heartland to recognise them. "Hey! Hey, aren't you Captain America? And Tony Stark?" It's the kind of observation that makes Steve bashful and Tony irritated, because come on now, either it's Captain America and Iron Man, or Steve Rogers and Tony Stark, that's not fair, and the next thing you know, Tony's in an argument with a retiree from Phoenix.By three, Tony decides to give it up for a lost cause, walks back to the limo in squelching shoes. Steve is silent beside him, a little huffy that Tony would get snippy with poor Mrs Rosso, who was a very nice woman. When Happy sees them, he hurries to open the door for them, beaming and starting to say, "Congratu—""Ahaha," Tony says, aware that he's wide-eyed and soaking and sounds just a little manic, "Hogan, you're hilarious, but now is not the time for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

