Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Over and Over Agwen
Chapter One
-by Drace Domino	Riding the subway train was just a part of life in New York City. Nobody enjoyed it - being packed shoulder-to-shoulder with strangers, jostling around in a big metal tube shooting underneath the city, averting your eyes when somebody was doing something weird. It was like a social experiment that everyone just went along with out of sheer necessity, and most people stumbled their way through it hoping to arrive at their destination without too much trouble. A group of rowdy teens blasting music through the train? Someone wearing nothing but a speedo? Did a guy bring an actual spider monkey on board? Best not to engage - just keep your head down, keep a low profile, and if the monkey wants your candy bar, might as well give it to him.	Gwen Stacy was less fond of the subway than most. When one could travel from rooftop to rooftop via web slinging, what extremely little charm the subway had diminished into nothing. Whipping around the city skyline in her skintight suit was a hell of a lot more comfortable than standing stationary amidst a crowd of people, not to mention the fact that New York smelled way better from above than it did from below. Still...she couldn’t always be the hero. Sometimes it paid to put aside the big league heroics and just connect with people. If nothing else, her most recent adventure with Miles, Peter, and the rest of the Spider Family taught her that much.	She just wasn’t expecting this much connection. The subway was more cramped than Gwen remembered from the last time she rode it, with people wedged in so tight that she couldn’t move without bumping into someone. When the train made its next stop more people got on but next to no one left, and like a cup that was rapidly reaching the point of overflow more people poured inside. The blonde grunted as she was jostled further from the seats and closer to the middle of the aisle, bumped by a rude passenger or two and only barely able to reach up a hand to grasp the support cord hanging from the rail. By the time she stabilized herself and looked around, the young woman was pressing her tongue against her teeth and bristling her shoulders in growing irritation.	“Okay, rude…” she murmured as much, but looking around she’d be hard pressed to pick just which of the other passengers had bumped her. They were packed so tight that she couldn’t even see the subway windows through the forest of people, not with a pair of businessmen wearing heavy cologne to one side and a group of construction workers at the other. They were all engaged in their own conversations in their own little word, not a single one of them paying any attention to the short blonde in the schoolgirl outfit that found herself lost in the mess. Probably for the best, that. With a tiny grumble rising from Gwen’s throat and her tongue pressing against the gap between her front teeth, the hero simply settled herself into place and prepared to stand for the rest of the trip. It was uncomfortable, it was awkward, it was noisy...it was New York.	The subway train continued along, repeating the same process as before. The doors opened, a small handful of people got off and a large handful got on. With each stop the walls of noisy civilians closed in more and more around her, and it wasn’t long before Gwen was feeling nostalgic for the wide, open stretches of the skyline where she could enjoy dozens of feet of personal space. By the time the second stop came, the businessmen and construction workers were pressed body-to-body with her, and by the time they hit the third they were actively squeezing her against their stubborn forms. It was a tight fit, but as miserable as Gwen was, she had no idea just how much her personal bubble could be further violated.	It happened just after the third stop, during which a large group of commuters getting off work piled into the subway train. Once more the sea of people jostled to make room for them, and once more Gwen felt herself stumbling in the pile, struggling to keep her hand around the support line. After the loud hiss of the subway’s doors closing the thing started to speed along once more, and they had only barely gone a few seconds before she first felt it. A hand - open palmed, fingers spread, creeping underneath the admittedly short edge of her schoolgirl skirt to grope along her backside.	The young hero went tense, her eyes opening wide and her throat instantly tightening. Underneath her uniform she was still somewhat protected, both by the full-leg nylons that ran from her waist to her toes and by a pair of conservative panties. (After all, the boys at school were always trying to steal a peek, and her spider senses couldn’t be everywhere at once!) At first, the touch was noticeable but brief, with that single, large hand passing across one cheek of her rear, leaving her skirt slightly folded upward. From pure instinct Gwen bristled and bucked her hips forwa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Gwen Stacy/Strangers

freeform: 
Molestation
Subways
Groping
Non-Consensual Groping
Public Sex
Public Humiliation
Masturbation
Corruption
School Uniforms
Glory Hole
Oral Sex
Graffiti
Facials
Gangbang

fandom: 
Gwen Stacy/Strangers

