Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Finding an internship as an undergraduate student was a lot harder than Peter had anticipated. Even through the university's pre-law program, there were plenty of students who were looking and that meant that as much as Peter liked some of his classmates, he did have to make sure he stood out among them. It was harder than he expected it to be. On the one hand, he was a poor kid who was raised in Queens by his aunt and uncle. Getting accepted to Columbia's pre-law program at all had taken a miracle. It meant he didn't have the connections a lot of his classmates had. There was no family dynasty of rich white people who knew all the right people to guarantee the best jobs and internships for their kids.On the other hand, the legal field was one that was dominated mostly by alphas and betas. There was still much discrimination against omegas. Many, especially betas (who tended to make up the majority of lawyers and legal experts) believed that omegas lacked the mental fortitude necessary to become a lawyer. Peter was determined, though, and managed to not only get accepted into the law program, but to excel. It was a fact his professors remarked upon frequently. However, that still didn't make it easier to actually find a job or internship. It was hard just to hear back from people sometimes. Occasionally, they bothered to tell him that he was not selected for the position. Other times he called and didn't hear anything. He filled application after application, revised his resume and cover letter and other documents dozens of times, dressed to the nines to impress. No dice. So it was that when Peter was called back to a law firm for a second interview, he was ecstatic. The first time had been with a legal aide. This time would be with the lawyers themselves. Peter could hardly believe it, but he was determined to get this job. He got his suit dry cleaned, cleared his schedule for that day, and made sure that everything he had to show was in perfect condition. He even got some scent blockers. Not enough to completely obscure his scent, but enough to lessen it somewhat.A week later, Peter checked his reflection to make sure he was still professional. For a sophomore pre-law major to apply for a job at a law office was a big deal, even if it was just an internship. With luck, they might even hire him on as an assistant when he was done. Maybe he could become a paralegal after he graduated if he made a good impression. Focus, Parker, he thought. Don't get ahead of yourself.He looked up at the building where the new office was. Barnes & Rogers, Attorneys of Law, located in the middle of the snazzy part of Manhattan. Of course most of Manhattan looked impressive compared to the area of Queens Peter grew up in. Despite living in the city, Peter had rarely been to Manhattan before he was accepted to Columbia. This particular office was relatively close to the campus, so it looked impressive. Barnes & Rogers were new in town, but they had made a name for themselves after they successfully proved the innocence of a pair of black men and saved them from sentence that would have sent them to jail for years. Instead, they were able to prove that the guns and drugs had been planted on them. It was a high profile case that made the NYPD look bad, but they had won in the end. Not that the cops were held accountable, but it got the men acquitted. It wasn't their last success, either. They had managed to successfully defend people wrongfully accused of all sorts of crimes. What really put their name on the map, though, was a recent case involving a defendant sentenced to death in South Carolina. They were able to prove that the evidence against the black man accused of the murder of three people was faulty and that the investigation had failed to adequately follow up on several leads that actually had plausible suspects. The original ruling was thrown out and the man was allowed to go free with a clean record.Since then, they had been approached by several high profile individuals and corporations desperate to get their hands on two such promising New York lawyers. They rejected them all, preferring to work for the people rather than money. Still, their skill ensured that they had a steady stream of clients. They took all sorts, as long as their case was solid and not just a corrupt crook looking to get away with something.Peter wanted to work for a firm like that. One that cared about justice, not just clients and money. That was why he was still checking himself. His suit fit well, his black tie was smart and professional, and naturally curly, chaotic hair was slicked back. He looked great. If looks counted for anything, he figured he'd have a decent shot at the internship. He stepped up to the door and opened it. He rode up the elevator to the floor where their office was located. The doors opened to a neat, clean office space. It had a soft, neutral scent, like lemongrass. It was pleasant and not
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Peter Parker
Intern Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - Lawyers
Dom/sub
BDSM
Inspection
Daddy Kink
Spanking
Feminization
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Semi-Public Sex
Office Sex
Older Man/Younger Man
Age Difference
peter is 20
Bucky is 32
Steve is 33
Sub Peter Parker
Dom Steve Rogers
Switch Bucky Barnes
Mating Bond
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Plug
Anal Fingering
Aftercare
Humiliation
Double Anal Penetration
Suit Sex
Clothed Sex
Bearded Steve Rogers
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Size Difference
Size Kink
Large Cock

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

