Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Guilty by AssociationErik knew that it wasn't going to be a good day when it started before dawn, only a few hours after he'd finally managed to fall asleep."What?" he growled into his ringing cell phone, too sleepy to bother checking the Caller ID to see who it was. The phone had almost hit the floor before he'd caught it, fumbling around in the dark to find it where he'd laid his cell on his nightstand."Sorry," he heard through the phone, immediately recognizing his partner's voice. "But I just got the call. They want us to come in.""Any reason why?" Erik grumbled, groping around to flick on the bedside lamp. He squinted against the sudden intrusion of light and cursed under his breath. Thankfully, his partner knew to ignore it."Why they called me?" Darwin asked. "Maybe because they didn't want to deal with your sparkling personality."Erik snorted into the phone. "Why did they call us in, Muñoz, instead of letting whoever is on duty handle it?""Oh." Darwin sighed, a sound that carried through the connection. "There's been another murder. It looks like it might be related to the Tabram case. I'm on my way to the scene now."It was Erik's turn to sigh, his mind shaking off the last vestiges of sleep as he climbed out of bed, untangling himself from the covers. "Text me the address and I'll meet you there.""Will do," Darwin said. "And bring coffee."There was a dial tone in his ear before Erik could growl at Darwin's parting request and he dropped the phone on his rumpled sheets as he searched around for something clean and presentable to wear to yet another crime scene. He eventually found a pair of slacks and a mostly clean button-down, which might've been the ones he'd just shrugged off a few hours before. Erik didn't bother to do more than run a hand through his hair before he pulled his gun from the bedside table, grabbed his keys and badge from the kitchen table and headed out the door, just as his phone beeped a notification that he'd received a text.He did stop for coffee, but only because he wouldn't be able to function himself without a jolt of caffeine, not when he was running on less than three hours of sleep. Once he had a cup in his hand, Erik checked the address Darwin had sent and pointed his car toward the Bronx. The intersection that was his destination was familiar to him, if only because it was less than five blocks from where they'd found Martin Tabram less than two weeks before, a murder in his case load that still remained unsolved thanks to a paucity of evidence that drove Erik insane. While Erik wanted to catch whoever had cut the kid open and left him lying in an alley, he didn't like the fact that his chance might come because of someone else's death.Once he got within the vicinity of the crime scene, the flashing lights and loitering uniforms led him the rest of the way. As he got out of his car, he noticed Darwin standing at the edge of the police tape, obviously waiting for him. Despite the late -- or early -- hour and the unexpectedness of the call, Darwin looked as collected as ever, hands buried in the pockets of his long coat."Here," Erik said in lieu of an actual greeting, shoving the second Styrofoam cup of coffee at him."Hey, you heard," Darwin said, accepting the cup. "Thanks." Erik's mood must've shown on his face because Darwin rolled his eyes as he took a quick sip of the hot brew, wincing a little as if it might've been a little too hot. "Don't give me that attitude. You weren't the only one unhappy to get yanked out of bed. Alex wasn't exactly thrilled about it either.""Alex?" It took Erik a moment to place the name, frowning as he did so. "Oh, yeah. I keep forgetting you're dating that flack.""Well, it's only been a year," Darwin said dryly, his sarcasm so faint someone else might've missed it. Erik knew that, too, but it didn't seem like particularly pertinent information at something close to 4AM. "And that 'flack' is heading up a pretty prestigious re-election campaign, especially for someone his age."Erik ducked under the police tape and motioned for Darwin to follow him. He was about to tell his partner that he didn't really care about his boyfriend's job before curiosity got the better of him. "Which campaign is that?""Governor Shaw's," Darwin replied, which brought Erik up short."Shaw?" he asked, in the same tone someone might've said "the devil," which wasn't a bad comparison in Erik's mind. "Really?""I'm not dating him for his political beliefs," Darwin said."No, I'm sure it's for his keen legal mind," Erik shot back, recalling another conversation where Darwin had referred to his boyfriend as pre-law."Among other things," Darwin deadpanned, which brought a grin to Erik's face. "Anyway," Darwin continued. "Do you want to know about our vic or not?"Erik nodded, taking another gulp from his coffee. "Let's hear it.""Uniforms found the body a little after 3AM, then called it in," Darwin said, not even bothering to check his notes. "It 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Misunderstanding
Case Fic
Charles You Slut
Alternate Universe - Police

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers

