Work Text:
  “Whoa,” Peter gasped softly, eyes wide as he took in the room. The room was in a fancy ballroom that seemed to be made out of glass more than anything else. The room was bright and decorated in in such a way that Peter kept his hands firmly by his side, too scared to even dare to touch anything. Peter looked down at himself and he swallowed as he took in his black jeans and button-down shirt and bow tie. These were his best formal clothes and he felt so out of place. “Why did you stop, kid?” Happy asked as he nearly ran into his back. Peter gestured wordlessly to the room. “What? You’re Peter-Tingle going off?” Happy demanded, sharp eyes scanning the room. “My – Happy! Don’t call it that!” Peter whined. “I can’t believe Aunt May told you that. Please tell me Mr. Stark doesn’t know.” “I don’t lie kid,” Happy said, body relaxing but his gaze still sharp. “Noooo,” Peter moaned. “I’m going to flip myself of the Empire State Building.” “No, you’re not,” Happy huffed. “What’s the matter?” “I don’t belong here,” Peter said quietly. “All the interns are required to attend. Look, there are some over there already,” Happy said, pointing over to the corner near the small stage that he been erected. Peter huffed. “No, Happy. I don’t belong here.” “Now you better hope Tony doesn’t hear you speaking like that,” Happy said, his voice firm. “You do belong here Peter. You’re the smartest kid I know and you’ve earned this internship. You worked hard on this project and you’re going to get the credit you deserve.” Peter felt his cheeks flush. Since May and Pepper had found out that Peter was actually Spider-Man, a real internship at SI had been put into place. Monday’s and Wednesday’s Peter spent time in the intern labs, working on SI projects with the other interns and on Friday’s he spent the time in Tony’s personal lab with the man himself. They worked on their suits and a manner of all types of projects. Tony was even teaching Peter how to build a car. Tonight’s event was in honour of the Interns and to reveal the latest StarkPad that they had been tasked to develop. As each of the interns were in college (Peter being the only high schooler) they were to develop a new tablet that would be for students. While the other interns were older, they had never made Peter feel excluded and had readily taken his ideas onboard. Peter had even developed his own app that would be exclusive to the StarkPad – something that Peter was very excited about. It was different being in the lab though and being at an event that was hosted by Tony Stark. “Now, Tony said to get you settled so let’s go,” Happy said gruffly. Peter followed the ex-boxer, sticking close. Happy had driven him over as Pepper had decided that it was a little too risky for Peter to be seen entering the event with Tony. None of the other interns would be arriving with Tony and they didn’t want the press to jump to any conclusions. “Peter! You made it!” Peter smiled shyly at the two of the interns who were hanging by one of the high tables. They were spread out across the room, there for people to put their drinks on. Servers were already loading up trays with drinks and food, their uniform’s pressed so neatly that Peter worried again that he was under dressed. “Hey Laurie, Dan” Peter greeted. Laurie looked different then when she did in the lab. Gone were her casual lab clothes and was replaced by a stunning floor length dress. Her hair that was usually tossed up in a high knot was now hanging down her back in loose waves. Even Dan looked different, a fresh new haircut and what looked to be a new suit. Should Peter have worn a jacket too? It was summer and still warm out but maybe he should have had one. Maybe he should have gotten his hair cut too? “You look fantastic Peter,” Laurie beamed. She reached out and gently touched the bow-tie around his neck. “I like you’re bow-tie! See Dan! I told you bow-ties were in!” “She’s right,” Dan smiled at Peter. “You’re looking sharp. Now I regret my tie.” “No! Don’t, you look amazing. You both do,” Peter was quick to assure them. “Thanks Peter,” Dan chuckled while Laurie grinned. It wasn’t long before they were joined by the other three interns (Josh, Andy and Daisuke) and by then the room had begun to fill up, loud chatter filled the air. The loud noise didn’t help Peter’s nerves and his Spider-sense (not his Peter-Tingle no matter how much his Aunt called it that) was at a low buzzing. Peter was glad that Happy remained close by and Peter wondered what kind of order’s Tony had given the man. The room suddenly grew louder and it didn’t take much for Peter to tell why. “Mr. Stark’s arrived,” Laurie clapped her hands together giddily. “Mr. Stark’s arrived,” Andy repeated in a queasy tone, looking pale. Peter had to agree. If Tony was here that meant that the presentation would be starting at any minute. Peter’s nerves went into full over-drive. Was it too late to go hide in the bathroom before the presentation started? M
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Uncle Happy Hogan
Protective Happy Hogan
Happy Hogan is a softie
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Awesome Pepper Potts
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Public Speaking
Internship
Stark Industries
Stark Industries Employee Peter Parker
Fluff and Humor
Soft Tony Stark
Soft Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

