Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Tony had always prided himself on not being a slave to his designation. The way he was raised explained a lot of that.He might have been a sub, but he never let that be his defining feature.In the words of Marie Kondo, being a sub didn’t spark joy. In fact, at times, it flat out pissed him off that he had to submit at all. He’d never had a good dom before, and he didn’t even know what one looked like, mostly thanks to his father.Submission—it was a touchy subject. Instinctually, biologically, he craved it, needed it. But what he wanted and needed didn’t really line up.Things were going okay until they weren’t—until Tony made the mistake of trusting.It was during his design of the Jericho missile that Obadiah had introduced him to Ty. That alone should have been a red flag. There was always something off about Obadiah. The older dom had a thing for controlling everything he could, and the fact he wanted to control Tony should have been clear.So truthfully, he should have seen it coming, and maybe the fact he didn’t made him naive. Instead of the hundred other things he should have done, when Obadiah introduced Ty, Tony smiled, shook his hand, and offered him a date. He could play the part of a sub when needed.Things grew intense soon after that. Ty started gaslighting Tony, though he didn’t know it at the time. He’d twist Tony’s words, always making him second guess reality. After a while, he started to doubt everything, including his own worth. He started to think he was needy and clingy, like Ty would imply. After scenes, he’d make Tony feel ashamed for wanting aftercare. Instead, making him go it alone and subsequently causing him to crash in a horrible drop.When he thought things couldn’t get worse, Ty started bringing Tony down—usually with a belt—and inviting Obadiah over. Pain brought Tony down fast, but it was a hard and dirty way. If he could choose, he’d pick a softer dom, someone who’d praise him, guiding him down gently. But something Tony realized early in life, you don't always get what you want.It was after one of the sessions with a belt that Ty first invited Obadiah over to talk. A little shred of Tony knew he should run, but he couldn’t, and that failure made him feel even worse. The older man would pick Tony’s brain while he floated in subspace. Tony spilled any and all secrets he had, even the passwords to his private servers, a place no one else had access.Tony ended up so down, so broken by Ty and Obadiah, that he was a shell of the man he once was. A piece of him knew that he was drowning, but he didn’t know how to reach out for help. Ty had done a good job breaking him down. Tony lived in fear of his next scene. He couldn’t trust himself, let alone anyone else.Then Pepper saved him.She saw what was happening, and she collected enough proof to involve the FBI. Obadiah and Ty were arrested, and Tony felt more alone than he ever had. As much as he wanted to get away from Ty, he didn’t know how to be apart from him anymore either.Pepper, the amazing woman she was, suggested Tony take some time and lay low and get his head back on straight. He had an old family home in Vermont that belonged to his eccentric uncle. He inherited it years ago and had never done anything with it. She thought he should go for a visit, spend some time repairing the property. The fresh air might do him some good.So that was what he did.He packed a bag and took off in one of his cars for Vermont. He didn’t push himself driving, taking a few days to reach the house.When he pulled into the driveway, he let the car roll to a stop, ducking his head to look out the windshield at the house. It was two stories with a wraparound porch. Some of the railings were missing or broken, and one of the windows on the second story was missing half the glass. Tony grimaced. This was going to be a lot of work. He’d be lucky if raccoons hadn’t moved in already.Shutting the car off, he grabbed the house keys and climbed out of the car, looking over his shoulder at the overgrown garden bed. A garden gnome that had seen better days smiled back at him.Rubbing his hand over his chest, he squared his shoulders and walked toward the house.The steps onto the porch creaked, the boards splintered and weathered with age. This might have been an expensive show property once, but it had been years since this house had seen any repairs.He opened the screen door and tried the knob. Thankfully it was locked. Small mercies. Hopefully, that meant there weren’t any squatters.There was a fine layer of dust on all the surfaces, making his nose itch. He flipped the light switch, and a glow warmed the room. Thankfully, Pepper had thought to call ahead and have the power reconnected.“Go up to Vermont,” Tony mocked. “It will be good for you. Yeah, sure, Pep. This place is a dump.” He scrubbed a hand over his mouth and sighed. “Fine, you can do this. Pep’s right. It’s good to get your hands dirty now and then.”His little pep talk 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
Switch Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - No Powers
past abusive relationship
Frottage
Blow Jobs
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
War Veteran Steve Rogers
They own a hardware Store
Tony Stark Has Issues
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
because i have no idea where i am going with this
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Tony Stark Has Nightmares
Anxiety
Praise Kink
Anal Sex
Insecure Tony Stark
Subspace
Subdrop
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Consent is Sexy
Spanking
Safeword Use
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Angst with a Happy Ending
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Recovery
Aftermath of Torture
Sick Tony Stark
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified
But it's not heavily discussed
Double Penetration
Anal Fisting
Hand Feeding
Cock Warming
Kneeling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

