Chapter 1





Chapter Text
[Excerpt from: Andrews, P. (2005). A Bullet in the Barrel of Your Best Guy’s Gun: Captain America, the Commandos and the Theatrics of War. New York: Columbia University Press.]

FOREWORD
Here is the truth about Captain America and the Howling Commandos that every World War II historian must come to accept at one point or another: we will never know everything. We won’t even come close. So much was lost with the untimely death of Captain America. While the man beneath the uniform sunk to the bottom of the North Atlantic, the myth lived on, growing bigger and more unwieldy as the years went by. Now, it is near impossible to tell fact from fiction, to separate out truth from propaganda.Captain Steve Rogers and his life-long best friend turned wartime right hand man, Sergeant James Barnes, are forever entombed within their respective cold and icy graves. And unlike the surviving Screaming Eagles1, the remaining members of the Howling Commandos rarely, if ever, spoke of their fallen brothers-in-arms. They have, however, gone on to provide a wealth of influential accounts of their own experiences; the Howling Commandos were never afraid to speak openly about the struggles of coming home after the war was won. The frankness with which Private Gabriel Jones and Private James Morita spoke about racism in the military was crucial not only to the progress of 20th Century Civil Rights movements, but also to the evolution of critical analyses of race and history. Intersectional historical analysis owes a great deal to their efforts. As a unit, the Howling Commandos have given a grand total of three interviews on Barnes and Rogers. When asked, they've hemmed and hawed before breaking out into that same old story of how Sergeant Barnes, ever the sniper, liked to nap up high in the trees until the day an owl hooting in his face woke him up and he fell right out of the tree, hitting the ground with a thump and a trail of curses. It’s a fun story, to be sure, a nice reminder that war is more than just the blood and the fire and the hell of it, that it is also made up of the moments in between the fighting. But for hard-hitting, incisive historical analysis, it doesn’t exactly offer up much. The how and the why of it is a source of never-ending conspiracy for the overactive imagination. Is it because so much of Captain Rogers’s life was wrapped up in highly classified and potentially damning intelligence? Is it because the truth of who Captain Rogers really was would throw a spanner into the well-oiled Captain America propaganda machine? Or perhaps more poignantly, is it simply because the loss and the suffering endured by the Howling Commandos, as POWs and as soldiers and as brothers-in-arms, proved too much to ever be coherently parsed through and reflected upon? But this, we do know: every single Commando wrote a goodbye letter upon formation of their strike force. Those goodbye letters were tied together with twine and passed from Commando to Commando with each successive mission. It was a talisman, a good luck charm; it was insurance that those letters never had to be delivered. They contained, I have no doubt, precious insight into the hearts and minds of our heroes. But as luck and fate would have it, the letters were tucked inside the pocket of Sergeant Barnes’ coat as he fell to his death. The Howling Commandos have been asked time and time again if they could recall any details from the contents of those letters, but it was many years too late by the time people started asking the right questions. Sergeant Timothy Dugan once claimed, “Sure, I’d tell ya what my letter said. If I could remember it. I was drunk off my head when I was writing mine. Hell, we all were, so good luck with that.” 2Even so, at the end of the day, we’d still be missing two very important pieces of the greater picture. Those lost letters are the great white whale of WWII historians everywhere; but unlike Ahab, sooner or later, we all must learn to let them go and push beyond them, to work to draw our own conclusions. And so, here you have it. Consider this book as my best attempt at letting them go.
1. Ambrose, S. (2001). Band of brothers: E Company, 506th Regiment, 101st Airborne from Normandy to Hitler's Eagle's Nest. New York: Simon & Schuster.
2. Tracy, B. (1998). Going Commando: An Unabridged Collection of Interviews with the Howling Commandos. New York: Marvel Historical Press. 
.
“The security in your apartment is fucking useless, you know that, right?”Steve doesn’t turn away from the easel that’s propped in front of him. “Hello to you too, neighbor.” He’s sitting in front of a wide, open window too, as the bright mid-afternoon sun comes streaming through, and that’s a security hazard if there ever was one. If Sharon has anything to say about that, though, she keeps it to herself. The size of the windows was what sold him on this apartment in the first place. His apartment in Dupont was chosen to maximize safet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Howling Commandos & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Epistolary
Social Media
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Coming Out

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Howling Commandos & Steve Rogers

