Work Text:
Your cheek presses against the rough stone wall, your breath hitching in your chest, as you feel his hand clench even tighter in your hair.“Loki…wait, what are you…”“Silence,” he cuts you off, shoving your head to the side, exposing your neck to his cool breath. He draws one hand up and brings it to your neck, pausing for just a moment, before touching the pad of his pointer finger to your unprotected tendon.Pain. Extreme pain. Shooting from your neck to every nerve in your body. It’s cold…so cold it burns. You squirm in his grasp, attempting to break free.“Shh..” He breathes in your ear. “That’s a good girl, you can take it.”He trails his finger over your neck, making a swirling pattern, causing more pain, more shaking. And then it is over. He releases you. With no anchor you fall to the floor, breathing heavily into the ground.“You are now marked. You are now mine.”You raise your hand cautiously to your neck and press your palm to the sensitive skin. More pain. You let go quickly, and glance up at him with tears glistening in your eyes. A smirk is tugging both sides of his lips, a conquering look emanating from his cold turquoise eyes.  “Come, we must leave.” He stares at you, expecting you to move.“What…what did you do to my neck?”Suddenly he is upon you, pushing harshly onto your back with his left hand, crushing your breasts and stomach into the floor. His right hand yanks your pants down and in one motion he slips his fingers past your underwear and quickly up into your core. A yelp escapes from your lips.“Did I not just give you a command?” He snarls and shoves his fingers even farther up inside you, sliding your whole body an inch across the ground.“You belong to me. You do as I say, do you understand?”You nod, your whole body shaking.“I said, do you understand?” A third finger crawls its way inside you.  “Yes!” You shriek out. He starts pumping in and out of you, his face displaying his pleasure as he continues to dominate the most precious part of you. He leans down, close to your face, and whispers in your ear.“Remember what these fingers did to your neck?” You immediately hear the threat behind his words, causing your entire body to clench.Loki groans above you, drunk off power. He thrusts even faster inside you. A wet sloshing sound reaches both your ears.“Ah…seems like someone is enjoying herself.”You venture a glance behind you, his massive bulge immediately drawing your eyes.“I could take you right here, just like a dog.”A jolt of heat spikes between your legs. His fingers are slowly growing warmer and warmer, sending unasked for pleasure through your system.    “Yes little Mortal, I can make them cold and I can make them hot.” He shoves in even harder, moving you another inch across the ground.“I want to see that little mouth be put to good use, don’t you agree?”You didn’t answer. Suddenly the fingers inside you become cold and start rapidly decreasing in temperature.“Yes! Yes, I agree!” You scream out, fear driving your body.A pair of footsteps registers in your mind. You look down the hallway and see the Winter Solider walk with purpose towards you and Loki, his metal arm gleaming next to his black-clad body, shoulders sauntering powerfully from side to side.  Red flushes your face as you realize that Loki isn't moving away from you and instead is still driving his fingers in and out your trapped body.  The solider stops in front of the two of you and watches Loki’s intrusions on your body for a moment before raising his head to his King.“Your clone summoned.” He acknowledges.“Yes, I require your assistance in disciplining this human.”You gasp, unable to control yourself. The soldier’s eyes widen briefly for a moment.“Is this a test?” He asks cautiously.“No. If my clones were solid I would have no need for you. I want to be inside her. But I also want to see her choke.” You feel Loki’s free hand wrap around your neck and tighten slightly. Then with both hands he pulls you upwards, positioning you to rest on your hands and knees. He continues his penetrations.  “You will fuck her mouth while I take her cunt.” He states. His fingers leave you and you hear rustling. You want to turn around but you don’t dare. Something falls to the floor. The rustling stops.“If I ever catch you with her without my permission I will end your life.” Hands grasp around your hips and in one movement Loki shoves his entire length deep into your core. Immediately, he beings thrusting, ramming himself over and over again inside you, giving you no time to adjust. You struggle to hold onto the floor, to hold onto anything as he plummets into you, dominating you, controlling you. His laughter bounces off the walls as you continue to struggle for stability. Soon his hand wraps around your neck and he pulls your head towards his. He breathes into your ear.“Now you are going be a good little girl and suck his cock. Pleasure him as if your life depends on it.” He smirks, “I guess your miserable little life does 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Loki/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Smut
Humiliation
Warning: Loki
Loki Does What He Wants
Threesome - F/M/M
Blow Jobs
Fingerfucking
Anal Fingering
Please read warnings!
Dom/sub
Dom Loki
Spanking
BDSM
Dubious Consent
Threesome
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Loki/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Reader

