Chapter 1





Chapter Text



swelling heart


a slow rise and
fall.


not the dread,
fear, loathing
from


before.


Hope
replaced
hatred.


smiles
cover
scars.


new light,
new turn,
new


everything.


Erik Lehnsherr, October 2011

~*~
 Erik liked Dr. Frost's couch.  When he and Charles got a place together, he was going to buy one just like it.Maybe not in white, though.  Red, perhaps, or maybe a nice regal purple--Charles, he thought, would probably prefer the purple.  They'd have to find an apartment that was a little more modern--something newly renovated, maybe--the couch far too Avant-garde for your standard box apartment.  Certainly it wouldn't fit in his current apartment, but they'd need more space anyway--there was no way they could squeeze three people into the place, not comfortably."Erik."A house, maybe.  Could they afford a house?  Probably not in the city--though there was still the possibility that Charles had money.  They hadn't talked about it, though even if he did Erik would still insist on finding something they could split down the middle.  Maybe half a duplex, or the bottom floor of a brownstone.  Raven had always wanted a yard.  Something fenced so that she could sit outside in the sun and feel warm and safe.  Maybe Erik could try his hand at growing some herbs.  Gardening couldn't be any harder than cooking.  Did Charles cook, he wondered."Erik."Probably not, Erik realized, thinking of the barren wasteland that was Charles' kitchen.  He'd eaten three bowls of cereal there--three breakfasts, he thought with a smile--each and every one stale.  No, Erik would continue to do the cooking.  Raven and Charles could trade off clean ups and table settings."Erik."They'd have to work out a system.  It probably wouldn't be much different from his current system, save that there would be three people involved instead of two.  Raven would undoubtedly be thrilled by the prospect of dividing her chore list."Erik!"Erik blinked, Dr. Frost coming into focus.  A quick glance to his watch showed him that the session had started ten minutes ago.  Where the hell had he been?"Are you with me again?" Dr. Frost asked.  Erik tried--and undoubtedly failed--to appear less flustered than he felt."Sorry, I was working out the logistics of living arrangements," Erik said.  It sounded stupid when he said it out loud.  He didn't even know if Charles wanted to live with him, never mind that they'd only technically been dating five days now.Five lovely, perfect, incredible days that left Erik grinning whenever he reflected back on them."Erik?"Erik shook himself.  "Sorry."  It took a good deal of effort, but he finally managed to focus his attention on Dr. Frost.  She seemed more than a little concerned.  It didn't surprise him when she opened the conversation."I've left you a handful of messages, Erik," she said, and she had, he remembered now, all cautioning him against going after Shaw, and then asking him if he'd seen Shaw, and then repeatedly asking him if he was all right.  "I must say, I'm surprised to find you in so good a mood.  Can you tell me what happened?"Erik couldn't help himself; he grinned--and then grinned wider when Dr. Frost arched an eyebrow."Charles isn't a student," he said, as though that explained everything, except apparently it didn't, because Dr. Frost looked like she was expecting something more.So Erik told her everything.He told her about his confrontation with Shaw--she seemed less than impressed.  He told her about learning that Charles was a professor.  He told her about their new relationship, and how Charles had had to stop coming to his classes because on Monday he'd come and Erik was too distracted to teach.  He told her about spending Friday, Saturday and Sunday night at Charles' place.  And about how he'd spent Monday at home, feeling guilty for having abandoned Raven three nights in a row--the next morning she'd told him he was being an idiot, so he'd planned on spending Tuesday with Charles again, except Charles had had a breakthrough in his research and had ended up spending half the night in the lab.  He told her how they'd tried to meet this morning for coffee and ended up making out in Erik's office instead; which had made him late for class--he would have cancelled had Charles not had to get back to the lab.He told her in fits and starts, with a lot of prompting on her part, but he told her.  When he was done, he smiled, fond and more than a little proud, expecting some sort of affirmation from her.  Instead he found her frowning.Erik's smile fell."You said I could date him.  You said it was okay to have a crush.  That it meant I was healing."  And this was why he hated coming to psychiatrists, because just when he was starting to establish a rapport with one, when he was starting to feel comfortable with one--to like one--she had to prove him right; prove that every single shrink on the planet was simply waiting to rain judgement on him, like there was something horrib
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Angsty Schmoop
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
no powers
Romance
Romantic Comedy
Professors
happy endings
Fluff
New York
Columbia University
Erik is a poet
Academia
Multimedia Fic
past dubious consent
Past Child Abuse
boys being dumb
Boys In Love
Boys having a lot of sex
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

