Work Text:
  Peter wished his spider-sense was a little more fine-tuned. Of course, walking into the Stark Tower he had no reason for it to go off. It was one of the places that Peter felt the safest. The Tower was a source of comfort. It was one of the few places where Peter’s senses didn’t go into overdrive and one of the places where Peter didn’t have to pretend that he wasn’t an enhanced individual. So, when Peter entered the tower, half his body seemingly inside his backpack as he rummaged for his latest chemistry test where he had gotten a perfect mark, eager to show Mr. Stark, he didn’t think there would be anything amiss. His mentor had promised that if he had gotten a perfect score, he would go on a joy ride in the Ironman suit with Peter, something that Peter was excited to collect on. “HA! I told you I could do it,” Peter crowed, hand rummaging in his bag as he stepped out of the elevator and into the penthouse. “The perfect score and I can prove it, if I just can. Just. Find. My. Test. Ha!” Peter beamed, finally finding the test and pulled it out with a flourish, finally looking up. His eyes took in the scene and the bright grin on his face fell slightly as he took in the tension of the room. He swallowed nervously, grin falling completely as everyone turned to look at him. Mr. Stark and Pepper were seated one of the couches, bodies looking tense. On the opposite couch were two people that Peter hadn’t met before but looked vaguely familiar. It took Peter a moment to connect the dots. He was looking at Maria and Howard Stark. Mr. Stark didn’t talk about his parents with Peter and he was wise enough to never ask. He had read enough to know that Mr. Stark and his dad didn’t have the best relationship and it became even more strained when Tony took over the company. “Hey kid,” Tony said, standing up. He moved towards Peter, his body tense in a way that Peter wasn’t used to seeing. Usually, it was only Ross who could make Tony tense up like this. Or Captain America but Peter knew better than to bring up that can of worms. “Good job. I had no doubt you would ace that test.” “Thanks,” Peter said quietly. He shifted from foot to foot, duck his gaze when he caught Mr. Stark’s parents staring at him with such intensity it made the hair on the back of his neck tingle. He swallowed when Tony stood in front of him, blocking his view and putting his hands on his shoulder. “M’ sorry. I didn’t know you had company.” “Hey,” Tony gave a soft smile. “You’re welcome anytime, kiddo. You know that. Let me see that test.” Peter handed it over, still very much aware that everyone was staring at them. Tony scanned it quickly, his smile growing. “I’m so proud of you kid. Want me to hang it on the fridge?” Peter cheeks flushed red but something warm flickered in his chest at the thought. “Anthony,” Maria’s voice broke up the moment. Tony shifted to stand beside Peter, throwing an arm around his shoulders and dragging him close. Maria looked curious as she gazed at Peter. “Who is this?” “Mum, my apologies. Seems I forgot to tell you that Peter would be dropping by this afternoon,” Tony said, squeezing Peter’s shoulder. “Seems you forgot to tell us we had a grandson too,” Howard’s sharp and disapproving tone made Peter shiver. “Oh, dad. I would never forget to tell you that,” Tony said, his grin sharp. “I simply wouldn’t.” “Oh boy,” Peter heard Pepper mutter under her breath. “What’s your name boy?” Howard demanded more than asked, ignoring Tony’s snarky retort. Peter swallowed, looking to Tony for guidance. Peter was still reeling from the fact that Tony hadn’t denied that Peter wasn’t his son. May had been the one to broach the subject nearly a month ago with Peter. One night over Thai she brought up the subject of their relationship and how happy she was that Peter had a good male role model in his life. She hadn’t been mad and assured Peter that nobody could replace Ben or his parents and that it was okay if he saw Tony as a father figure. Peter was both thrilled and feeling guilty and was still trying to work out his feelings towards Tony.  He wasn’t sure if Tony wanted him talking to his parents and Howard’s stare was so intimidating that Peter could feel his mouth drying up. Tony gave a small nod and a comforting squeeze of his shoulder. “I’m Peter,” Peter introduced himself, his voice barely above a whisper. “It’s nice to meet you.” “It’s nice to meet you too, Peter,” Maria said before Howard could respond, her voice kind. “You said something about a test when you entered?” Peter gave a shy nod. “A chemistry test. I – I got a perfect score.” “That’s wonderful,” Maria smiled brightly. “Congratulations, Peter.” “Thank you,” Peter said, feeling uneasy as the satisfied nod that Howard gave. “You’re smart. Good,” Howard said. “Peter goes to Midtown School of Science and Technology,” Tony said, pride tinging his voice. “but he could go to any school and we would still be very proud of him.” Peter blinked at the sudden sti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Howard Stark Lives
Maria Stark Lives
Protective Pepper Potts
BAMF Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

