Chapter 1





Chapter Text
With one last pull, the blinds closed, cutting off the sunlight from the outside, plunging the room into dimness. A pity, really. It was a nice summer day after all. Though Tony didn’t understand why the blinds were closed in the first place; the compound was practically impossible to get into. There was no way somebody would be able to sneak here, especially past Friday or Happy. And even if by some miracle someone did, the unfortunate person wouldn’t be able to leave. Not on their own… or in one piece.Maybe the team just liked the theatrics.Tony sat at the head of the table, as the head of Stark family should. To his right sat Rhodey, his right hand and best friend, Clint and Natasha. To his left sat Steve, Bucky and Sam. Pepper, the face of the official business, his tech company, was not present today. For this meeting, she was not needed, which she was happy about.“Alright, let’s begin,” Tony clasped his hands together. This was one of the rare occasions he was taking the meeting seriously. Or at least was trying to. He nodded to Rhodey.“Stane was caught by Shield,” he said, not beating around the bush. He opened his folder, pulling out various papers and photographs. He moved two of those forward for others to see. One was taken as Stane was being shoved in cuffs in the back of a car. The other one was a bit blurry, but Stane sitting behind bars was recognizable. “My sources told me he hasn’t said a word. Yet.”“And if he knows what’s good for him, it will stay that way,” Bucky muttered under his breath.Over the years since Howard died, Tony began to distance himself from the man, bit by bit. Tony was nothing like his father. Stane ignored that. Howard took over the little gang that was started by Tony’s grandfather and transformed it into something bigger. But Tony accomplished something both of the men could only dream about. The whole city was his. If Tony was to rule the same way his father did, they would have never got to the top.If it wasn’t for the fact that Stane had some important intel and secrets that would get all of them in prison, Tony would’ve left him to Shield.Two more photos were placed on the table; this time of a man and a woman. “Richard and Mary Parker. Married couple and the ones handling Stane. They’re right below Fury.”The pictures were passed around, some members of Tony’s inner circle burning the faces into their minds.“Stane is set to be transported to the Raft in less than three weeks, where he will be held and questioned further. Needless to say, it will be next to impossible to get him out once he’s there.” Rhodey placed plans of the high security prison next to the pictures. He was right. Even with inside help, the chance of escaping from there are slim.“So, what’s the plan?” Natasha crossed her arms over her chest. “Do we break him out of the Shield facility before they send him away?”“Wouldn’t that blow the cover of out moles?” Steve asked.“Do we have something on the Parkers?” Bucky joined in.Clint shook his head. “Everything that there is to know about them is already known. Nothing useful, really.”Tony rolled his eyes. “Come on, let the guy speak.” Truth be told, even the head of the most famous crime family himself was curious what Rhodey found out. He didn’t exactly share, but he promised whatever he found will be useful. Tony didn’t like not knowing things in his own house. This wouldn’t fly if it was anyone else.The room fell silent, the only sound filling it was rustling of the papers. Rhodey pulled out one last photograph and placed it on top of the plans, near the pictures of the agents.This one caught everyone’s attention. They leaned forward in to see better, confusion reflecting on their faces. It was a picture of a teenage boy with brown curly hair and brown eyes. There was a resemblance.“Rhodey, you clever bastard,” Tony grinned as the pieces clicked together.The right-hand man briefly returned the grin before putting on more serious face again. “It turns out there was one thing unknown about them.”Tony could see how the pieces clicked in others’ minds too.“This is Peter Parker. Their son.”The statement cemented the suspicion.“Oh, man, how did you find this?” Sam asked in awe as he grinned.“It was by accident, actually,” Rhodey admitted. “His existence is, or was, very well hidden. They’re not in contact very often and they rarely see each other in person. Since he was little, Peter was staying with his aunt and uncle until they died in a car crash one and a half years ago. Since then, he lives alone in apartment in Queens.”Clint’s head tilted to the side. “Hold on, by accident, you mean that someone overheard them talking about him or something?”Rhodey inhaled and placed his hands on the table. “Basically? Yes.”“Idiots,” Tony gave the pictures of two agents kind of disgusted look as he rolled his eyes, though he can’t complain. Their slip-up will serve Tony well.His remark was met with series of nods.“Apparently, they were su
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Mafia AU
Mob Boss Tony Stark
Kidnapping
Organized Crime
Crimes & Criminals
Mild Blood
Minor Character Death
Innocent Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Revelations
Past Relationship(s)
Eventual Fluff
Shameless Star Wars References
Dark Tony Stark
Panic Attacks
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Guns
Poor Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Hugs
Friday is good doggo
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Protective Avengers
Stan Lee Cameo

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

