Chapter 1: How did it come to this?
    


Summary:

Loki ponders his past and future, as he sits alone in his cell.



Notes:
I finally came through and re-edited this chapter, and will be doing so when I can as I go. My old spell check was faulty. Let me know if you still spot errors. Though, comment on the story too, as just getting corrections can be a bit depressing.




Chapter Text
     Loki sat on his cot in the prison, staring at nothing. The glow of the force shield wall left an eerie glow in the nighttime gloom of the dungeon. Frigga had died a year ago from this day.In her honor, Odin deemed it time to go into the Odin sleep and appoint Thor as king of Asgard, Allfather to the nine realms. The celebration was to be monumental. An occasion never to be forgotten.The coronation was today, and he could hear the loud merriments and jovial hailing for the new king, from far above him. The celebrating would likely commence soon and go on through the night, till late morning.The people of Asgard loved their prince, now King. He was the sunshine of Asgard. There was a time he was Loki's sunshine as well. Despite the small betrayals and condescending remarks growing up.  Loki had loved his brother, but they had grown apart over the decades. So much so, that Thor didn't even question that Loki was evil with nefarious intentions on Midgard. He had hoped Thor would see his distress. Or catch the hints he left, hoping they would be obvious. But Thor had never been known for his genius. At one point he had hoped the Ironman or beast as a man would catch on.But no. Everyone readily believes him the villain. It had always been thus. Why would it change now? He was a fool to hope such things.  Loki knew when the Norns deemed him God of Lies at a young age, his chances of being anything else was nigh impossible. There were other domains bestowed upon him over the years. Each worse than the last.Mayhem, mischief, fire, chaos, discord, and intimacy. More domains than any other Asgardian. They all eluded to his character being untrustworthy and evil.But he had still hoped for a very long time, that he might have the chance at amounting to something. Anything good worth noting. When Loki was 500, the prophecy came that he and his children would one day kill the Allfather and Thor, causing Ragnarok....things were never the same. The Allfather despised him, wanted him gone, but could not find a way to outright kill him. He was sent on many dangerous missions, some with no hope of success or survival.But Loki had always found a way. When things went wrong, his life would always be on the line if he did not fix it. Even if it wasn't truly his fault.  His father was always cold to him, but also quite physical. Loki would receive a slap or blow to the face or stomach with a hand, foot, or staff. But his Father also put his hands on him without violence. Not quite loving, more possessive, or dominating. He wanted Loki to submit to him in all things. To have all control and power over him.When he was deemed God of Intimacy, it changed how many saw him, including his family. His father's possessive touches turned more sexual and his brother followed suit, after confronting Odin.They had a private discussion, which Loki was never privy to. Whatever Father had said, made Thor want him physically too. Loki had always been able to evade his brother, but the Allfather was his king. Being charged with treason if he said the wrong thing, or refused the wrong command, was a very real possibility. Especially since a part of the Allfather also seemed to want him dead.  The queen, his mother seemed to hold resentment toward him after finding her husband crowding him behind a pillar, Loki's tunic had been ripped open and pants undone. Odin had growled and shoved Loki to the floor, storming after his wife to deal with the intrusion. She was rarely in his presence after that. He had hoped she would stop the king. She was the only one close enough to power to have any influence. But, if she had tried, Loki saw no indication of it. Even her handmaidens seemed to scorn him. He dreaded having one attend to him and would usually just attend to himself, dismissing the help with a polite decline.It seemed that many thought because he was the god of something sexual, he must be good to have sexually. But he had no idea! He did not have even a romantic relationship of any sort before all of it started! Loki had been barely out of childhood. Why would the Norns give him such a domain as that? Or any of his titles.  Lies were not something he uttered often before he was appointed God of Lies. When he did, it was in jest, after a prank, which they all knew he did. There was no true intent to deceive. But being given the title, changed everything. Mothers would not let their children play with him. Thor found him to be an easy escape route to his misdemeanors. His parents and tutors never took his side. The names Silvertongue, and Lying Snake were appoin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Fandral/Loki (Marvel)
Loki/Odin (Marvel)
Loki/Natasha Romanov
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Loki
Jane Foster/Loki
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
Prisoner Loki (Marvel)
Torture
Sexual Slavery
Rough Sex
Sexual Coercion
Dark Thor (Marvel)
Forced Relationship
Concubine Loki
Fuck Or Die
Gangbang
Bondage
Tears
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Top Thor (Marvel)
Corporal Punishment
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Sexual Abuse
Dark Odin
King Thor (Marvel)
Humiliation
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Frost Giant Loki
Dom/sub
Pseudo-Incest
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
King/Slave
prisoner/guards
BDSM
Childhood Sexual Abuse
Parent/Child Incest
Minor Character Death
Suicidal Thoughts
Collars
Mind Control
Crying Loki (Marvel)
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Suicide
Presumed Dead
Porn With Plot
Porn
Angst
Forced Orgasm
Objectification

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Fandral/Loki (Marvel)
Loki/Odin (Marvel)
Loki/Natasha Romanov
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Loki
Jane Foster/Loki
Darcy Lewis/Loki

