Work Text:
 And Cap is down again, for the second time in as many minutes. Just like they knew he wouldn’t, he doesn’t stay down. Panting with the force of the kick, he rolls away from his attacker and struggles to his hands and knees. Tony watches from his position on a nearby rooftop, crouching on the edge and ready to leap in if anything goes south.Well, more south than it already has gone. Cap wasn’t kidding when he said the Winter Soldier was a force to be reckoned with.Hands clenched into fists, Tony glances around. He can see Widow on a snow-covered rooftop nearby, red hair glinting in the cold winter sunlight. Falcon is across the street, also ready to dive. He can’t see Hawkeye though, and he’s the one that actually needs to be watching this-Down on the street, Cap isn’t giving up. He spits out a mouthful of blood, wiping his hand across his mouth and using part of a demolished building to haul himself up. “You know me,” he says, exhausted and in pain. He pushes away from the slab of concrete next to him, staggering upright. “You know me.”“No I don’t,” the Soldier snarls, and he takes violent a step forwards, lifting his gun.“Hawkeye,” Tony says over the comms, a warning.“No,” Natasha’s voice replies curtly. “Let him talk it out.”“Talk it out? He’s going to get merry hell kicked out of him, again,” Tony says. “Hawkeye, you’d better be ready. I don’t even know where you are-”Back on street level, the Winter Soldier has stilled again, body tense and coiled and ready to surge into action. The gun is still raised, pointing at Cap right between the eyes. Cap himself hasn’t so much as moved. The shield still lies on the floor at his feet, forgotten or ignored.“You do,” he says, and god damn it he’s so stubborn. “You dragged me out of that river for a reason, because-”“Don’t!” the Soldier shouts, eyes bright and wild under the smear of black. He looks like a caged animal, scared and furious and ready to either bolt or attack.“Hawkeye,” Tony repeats urgently. “The hell are you?”“I got him,” Clint says lazily.“-because you knew it was me!” Cap shouts over the Soldier. “Damn it, I know you know me.”He reaches up with both hands and he tugs the cowl from his face. Messy brown hair tumbles across his forehead, sweaty and tousled. He throws the cowl to the side, spreads his hands wide.“Come on,” he says, and the Soldier’s arm trembles. He takes a step back.  “Steve.”“Don’t call me that,” the Soldier bellows, and even from where he’s standing Tony can see how startlingly blue his eyes are, how they seem even brighter the angrier he gets.“Steve Rogers,” Cap shouts at him, and he steps forwards. “You are Steve Rogers from Brooklyn, born July fourth, nineteen eighteen. You are my goddamn best friend and you better fucking remember that after all the shit you put me through!”“Shut up,” the Soldier says, but he’s wavering, seeming to lose his footing in the face of Cap’s mounting anger.“You don’t recognise my face?” Cap demands, and the Soldier actually backs up a step. “How about this, then?” He spreads his arms. “This getup look familiar? Remember wearing it?”“What is he doing?” Tony hisses over the comms, confused. “What is he talking about?”“I don’t know,” Natasha breathes, and oh shit, if she actually doesn’t know then they’re in some serious trouble.“How about this then?” Cap says. He steps forwards, stoops to pick up the shield.“Don’t,” the Soldier says forcefully, and he’s looking at the shield like he’s afraid of it.“Don’t what?” Cap asks, belligerent. “Don’t give it back? You know what, I think I will.”He straightens up and in one easy movement, flings the shield at the Soldier. The Soldier reaches out and before Tony can process what the hell is happening, the shield is in his flesh and bone hand.The world seems to stop. Tony can see their breath in the air, whorls of white in front of them. Errant flakes of snow blow across their faces, whipped up by the wind.The Soldier stares down at the shield he’s holding, like it’s something terrible and wonderful at the same time. He drops the gun from his metal hand, and it falls to the asphalt with a clatter. The metal hand comes up to grasp the opposite edge of the shield and he holds it to his chest. He opens his mouth as if to speak and then changes his mind. He looks at Cap and now he seems lost, helpless.“Bucky.”The tension breaks. Tony literally has no idea what is happening here, but in that moment all he cares about is the fact that the Soldier finally seems to be giving way. Just like Cap said he would. Dammit, he hates admitting Cap is right.“Fucking finally,” Cap says, exhausted. “Now are you coming with me, or am I going to have to get my friends to help drag you?”The Soldier tenses all over again. He steps back, still clutching the shield, looking up and around. Great, well there goes the element of surprise then. His eyes lock on Tony, easily the most conspicuous of the assembled team, and Tony raises a hand in a half-hearted wave.“You said it would j
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Steve Rogers as the Winter Soldier
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Canon-Typical Violence
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Hurt/Comfort
Chronic Pain
Nightmares
Recovery
All the tags that usually apply to Bucky now apply to someone else

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

