Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Bucky heard a ruckus coming from the front door to the apartment, and waited a moment to make sure it wasn’t his imagination. But then it came again, a cross between a knocking and thumping sound. Groaning at the timing of it all, he gingerly slid off the side of his bed and threw on a pair of discarded sweats and a t-shirt to cover his nakedness. He didn’t bother to clean himself up properly, hoping it was just a delivery for Steve or maybe even food gone to the wrong door.

As he got closer to the scratching, thumping noise, Bucky found himself listing slightly to the left, trying to breathe evenly as his body swayed in motion, blood rushing back to his brain before a loud bang sounded through the wood.

“Buck… door… you there?”


Shit

, it was Steve, not a delivery.

Throwing open the door, Bucky wasn’t sure what he was looking at, at first. It was a box, large, flat and thin and before he could voice his disbelief that Steve had clearly bought a brand new TV, he was told to move, and Steve staggered awkwardly through the now open door, carrying the full weight in his huge, muscled arms.

The box was far larger than Steve, but he was handling it like it weighed nothing, it was the shape he seemed to struggle with.

“What the fuck is that?” Bucky asked and winced slightly as he moved swiftly across the room to clear a space for the monstrosity that appeared to be their new entertainment unit. Clearly Steve was sick of watching their 20inch screen.

“It’s a new TV,” Steve said with an excited lilt to his voice, ignoring Bucky’s sarcasm. Bucky couldn’t help but smile back at him, loving how energetic Steve was after lugging the huge device up the stairs to their fourth level apartment without exertion. Bucky would be a panting mess after three yards. “It’s a smart one, has apps and everything.”

Bucky grabbed one side of the box to wiggle it back against the wall until they unpacked it, smiling at Steve’s unfettered joy, but the movement jostled his middle and he gasped. Steve looked up immediately at the almost wounded sound.

“You ok?”

“Yeah fine,” Bucky bit back. And he 

was

 fine, he just was a little sensitive in that moment, a little… on edge, feeling things more keenly - and he couldn’t exactly tell Steve why. “Just twinged my back a little, nothing major.”

Steve eyed him, concern clear in his eyes, and Bucky held his breath, the moment should have passed on unremarkable, but it didn’t, and all because Bucky was acting odd, knowing that he was currently hiding something 

big

 from Steve.

“I don’t want you to strain yourself, so just leave it where it is - I’ll set it up later.” Steve interrupted Bucky’s thought spiral, which had gone cloudy the moment Steve mentioned the word strain. “I have to dash out and get a few more things - you going to be here when I get back?”

“Yep,” Bucky said, popping the ‘p’, having no intention of going anywhere, and also relieved that Steve was heading out again so soon. It left him with time to... 

well

, explore some things of his own.

Steve walked closer and squeezed Bucky’s shoulder, “You sure you’re ok?” Bucky nodded, Steve’s gesture, firm and solid - that caretaking attitude - sparking something deep inside of him. “Alright, back soon. Later.”

Bucky heaved a sigh of relief when the front door clicked shut, and he scurried back to his room, inhaling thick and fast, not believing what he’d just endured and hidden with Steve in the same room. Slamming the door behind him, Bucky shucked the sweat pants and t-shirt immediately, feeling the brush from the overhead fan beating slow and steady bursts of air across his skin, and stood for a moment, naked and staring down at the packaging on his bed that he’d torn asunder when it arrived an hour earlier. He picked up the small innocuous remote and pressed one of the buttons a few times until his core began to shake and his legs started to give way. Slumping to the floor with a moan, Bucky switched it off again when images of Steve’s muscled arms carrying the immense weight of the TV filled his mind.

It was one thing to buy a toy that would fill him up, vibrate against his prostate, edge himself deliciously at all times of the day if he so wished. It was another to daydream about his hot-as-fuck housemate during said play times.

It just wasn’t right. 


Was it?


Steve and he had met eight months earlier when Bucky answered an advert for a housemate, and at first, Bucky was astounded a man like Steve existed in New York, he was single, athletic, nice, gorgeous, and liked to take charge in the bedroom, in a very demanding way. Bucky had been exposed to it second hand, hearing it through the wall when Steve had guests over. And boy, did Bucky wish it was 

his

 writhing body underneath Steve, being told he was a good boy and that ‘of course’ he could take more. But, they were first and foremost housemate’s and now friends, there wasn’t a sexual innuendo in sight within their relation
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Roommates/Housemates
Friends to Lovers
Object Insertion
Light Dom/sub
Accidental Voyeurism
Sex Toys
Mutual Pining
Second-Hand Embarrassment
Explicit Sexual Content
POV Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Bucky wants to give up control
Steve wants to take control
Human Disaster Bucky Barnes
Gratuitous use of dodgy wifi and remote controls
oblivious boys
Slow Burn
Horny Bucky Barnes
Under-negotiated Kink
Light Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

