Work Text:
Fantasies aside, Charles never thought he'd find himself in this position.In truth, he hadn't realized he could find himself in this position.  And yet, there he was, back pushed hard against a cold metal locker, held up by nothing more than the force of Erik's powerful thrusts.  Their ridiculous yellow jumpsuits lay abandoned on a nearby bench in the locker room. Charles couldn't remember how he got out of his.  He couldn't really remember much of the whole afternoon.  Just flashes of images and emotions.  Fear that Erik was going to be killed turned to blood-cold terror that he was going to commit mass murder eased into breath-stealing relief when Erik triggered the bombs safely miles high in the sky.  It all blurred and pulsed together into one giant lump of quivery weakness that somehow became the catalyst for that first kiss.Charles did remember he was the one who initiated it.  All those months of holding himself back were forgotten in the heat of the moment and though he somehow managed to feel embarrassed of losing control even in the midst of mind-searing pleasure licking up his spine, Charles also felt proud he'd never once skimmed Erik's mind to see if his friend ever had the same fantasies.Shielding against his thoughts right now was pretty much impossible though.  Not just because sex always lowered Charles' defenses.  Erik was all but shouting inside his head.Too bad it was all in German.Even without the details, Charles got the gist.  Urgent lust, shocked relief, remnants of fear.Charles recognized the apologies.He didn't need them.  Erik was safe and here.  That was all Charles could ask for and he tried to communicate that in every touch, every kiss, in the way he arched his back and gripped Erik's hair and shouted his pleasure.  He'd never been quite so vocal in sex or so open.  Quite literally in this case.  All his other times with boys at school had been fumbled exchanges, spurred by the excitement of something so taboo, the danger of being caught.  It'd never progressed much past desperate and at times, humiliatingly swift dry-humping.  Yet he didn't even think to question it when Erik lifted him up with intent, gripping under his thighs and rubbing his dick against the curve of Charles' ass.  He laughed when Erik wrenched open the locker beside them with his power and began grasping for anything slick, but that laughter died a strangled death when Erik's long slender fingers pressed inside him.Charles wasn't sure what kept him from trying this particular activity for so long, but it had clearly been a mistake.It was only after he'd come all over his hand, his stomach and oh dear Erik's chest and felt Erik doing the same deep inside him that Charles had his epiphany.  Those deep burning shocks of pleasure so different from tight wet heat around his cock were utterly delicious, but they weren't the reason Charles had climaxed so hard.  Nor were they the reason his heart squeezed in his chest when Erik laid his forehead against Charles', warm breath puffing against Charles' lips and hitched his legs up again, determined to hold him close for a moment longer."Charles," Erik murmured, sounding as exhausted and wrecked as Charles felt.There were times when Charles wished he could hear his own thoughts as clearly as he did others.  Then the persistence of these inappropriate fantasies tumbled into reality wouldn't be smacking him hard in the face while Erik's dick still rested inside his body.He was in love with his best friend.****************They didn't talk about what happened.  Charles because his revelation startled him so badly and then because Erik also didn't say anything.  Even if he were threatened at gunpoint, Charles would never have dipped into Erik's mind.  He'd practically thrown himself at Erik like a horny schoolgirl and okay, Erik had accepted his ardor, but days passed and then weeks without a word or better yet, an offer of a repeat.  Charles didn't think he could bear learning Erik had only indulged Charles out of misguided adrenaline-fueled relief.Not that the worry was any more amusing.  But if Erik wanted to pretend it didn't happen and their relationship could survive, Charles didn't dare tip the balance.  Besides, they both had plenty to do.  It took a week of lengthy debates that occasionally edged into real arguments, but eventually between the four of them, Charles, Erik, Raven and Hank agreed on a basis for creating a school for young mutants.  The biggest controversy being, of course, Erik and Charles' disagreement about disclosure to the public.  Charles remained convinced non-mutant humans could not handle the sudden introduction of powered humans into their midst.  Erik abhorred the idea of hiding.The compromise came in baby steps.  It pained Charles beyond telling to suppress Moira's memories, but the alternative would be asking her to give up her career and Charles couldn't do it.  They weren't ready to risk an institution with the CIA's resource
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Raven Darkholme/Hank McCoy

freeform: 
Mpreg
post-canon AU

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Raven Darkholme/Hank McCoy

