Work Text:
Steve Rogers, whether he knows it or not, has presence, and despite being stereotypically courteous and kind and an all-around stand-up guy, when he walks into a room with purpose, people have a tendency to scatter in his wake.(Or in the case of Tony Stark, head straight into his path to flirt shamelessly, but that is another matter entirely that Coulson is decidedly never thinking about.)Despite this being the case, Phil is somewhat nonplussed when Steve strides into the middle of the administrative floor of SHEILD at 9:30pm on a Sunday night and heads straight for his office, paper-pushers fleeing in all directions.His secretary has gone home for the weekend, so he has no line of defense for when Rogers comes in the door and crosses his arms in classic Captain America Disapproves style.“Can I help you, Captain Rogers?” he asks.Steve sighs. “I’ve told you to call me Steve. And you can do me a favor and go home. Natasha says you’ve been here until midnight for ten days in a row now. Whatever you’re doing can wait.”Phil smiles blandly. “It really can’t.”Steve matches his expression. “I’ll tell Clint to come and kidnap you.”“You wouldn’t.”“Try me.”“I do have to get this done, you know.”“You need to delegate. I know we’re not easy to deal with, but you can at least give some of the easier stuff to other agents.”Phil snorts. “I really couldn’t, Captain.”Steve exhales. “Fine. I’m very sorry then.”“For wh--” He claps his hand over the dart just above his collar. “I’ll have you court marshaled,” he manages as the room begins to go blurry.“I didn’t do anything,” he hears Steve say. “And I’m pretty sure you don’t want to get rid of Clint. He claims to be your favorite.”Phil’s last thoughts are of two things: that Stark has apparently managed to finally adapt Clint’s crossbow to take tranq rounds, and that Steve Rogers is far more devious than he’s given credit for.He identifies, with some horror, that what he feels most about this is a sort of terrible, aggravated fondness.Christ. Fury had warned him, but he hadn’t expected the Stockholm Syndrome to kick in quite so fast. ————————————————————————— The thing is that anyone with half a brain who's ever been in contact with an honest-to-god superhero is instinctively skeptical of said superhero's altruism. It's a fact of life, a combination of survival mechanisms, natural human cynicism, and plain old fear of the unknown.For this reason, most SHIELD agents exist in a constant state of paranoia, and the turnover rate is outrageously high. There's more than a few reasons why Fury is bald and has that twitch at his right temple.Coulson, after ten years on the job, has no such hangups. The other agents think that it's because he has some sort of latent superpower himself. He doesn't disabuse them of the notion, but he also knows better.He's the least paranoid, because he works with the Avengers the most. He knows them, often better than they know themselves.And, more surprisingly to his mind, they’ve grown to know him, for better or worse.***It started, Coulson suspects, with the Time Rot Incident, which was exactly as unpleasant as it sounds. After a week of sifting through necrotic patches of New York that looked like a combination of post-Langoliers blackness and zombie apocalypse deadscapes, they’d finally found the source of the chaos and righted it, only to find themselves mired in about twenty lawsuits that Fury was just upset enough to consider hanging them out to dry for. Rogers was nobly offering to take responsibility for the team, Stark was raving about counter-suits and calling his army of litigators, and Natasha was sharpening knives with worrying precision and intensity, while everyone else ranged around the boardroom looking generally like a lot of SHIELD property was about to get damaged.Coulson had been working with them on the ground through the whole debacle, and felt tired down to his bones. Nevertheless, he looked around, pinched the bridge of his nose, and said, “I’ll deal with it. Everyone go and get some sleep, I’ll give a full report in the morning.”“Last I heard you weren’t a lawyer, Coulson,” Tony pointed out into the ensuing silence.Coulson forced a smile. “I passed the bar when I was at Quantico,” he offered. “I think I’ll manage.”And he did manage. Barely.Specifically, at 4:30 in the morning he found himself juggling between issuing threats of contract breaches and finding precedents for the boundaries of lawful action and restraining himself from resorting to his sidearm instead of his phone.He was halfway through explaining just how badly it would go for the Governor if the Avengers came under fire during an election year when a light came on in the hallway and then suddenly there was a mug of coffee under his nose. He inhaled, identifying that whoever had made it remembered his blend, and looked up.Bruce smiled crookedly, and said, “I couldn’t sleep, so I thought I’d make some tea. I know you’re a coffee drinker, though.”“Thank y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Teambuilding
Team Dynamics
Pre-Slash

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

