Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Alex really loved interning for Stark Industries, and he considered himself incredibly lucky to be one of the few graduate students accepted into the company every summer. The opportunities that awaited him with Tony Stark’s seal of approval on his resume became nearly infinite.
The other scientists and interns were intelligent, welcoming, and hilarious all in their own rights. He really couldn’t think of a bad thing to say about his position as an R&D Intern or about his boss. 
No, not the lead interns, scientists, or even division heads. The big boss, Tony Stark. 
Granted, Alex hadn’t had too many interactions with the superhero, most of which just being in the same room as the man while he spoke with other employees.
Even though he regularly wasn’t the tallest man in the room, Tony Stark still had a way of taking up every inch of occupiable space with his sheer presence alone. He was all smiles and encouragement, but his essence emanated the power of the world’s most powerful businessman. 
It honestly frightened Alex, and he prayed that he could come out of this internship without ever saying more than five words to the man for fear of sounding like the biggest idiot to ever exist. 
In terms of the work that he did down in the intern labs, he had relative free-will when it came to creativity as long he could maintain the support of one of the scientists in the division, and most of the time, his projects kept him in the labs late into the night. 
One of these late-night lab benders is how he found himself in one of the strangest situations he had ever come across to date. 
There was this kid that couldn’t have been older that fifteen standing on the counter to reach the Hazardous Chemicals Cabinet, rummaging through it and humming like it was a kitchen pantry.
The kid had light brown, wavy hair, and he was dressed in what looked like oil covered gray sweatpants, a science pun t-shirt, and crocs. 
Definitely not company dress-code. 
Alex stood there in stunned silence for a few moments. He couldn’t even begin to process the sight before him. 
Never mind the fact that it took an Intern Lead to even get into that cabinet, it was nearly two in the morning, and he never even heard another person come in through the door. 
He rubbed forcefully at his eyes, thinking that it was some sort of hallucination brought on by too much caffeine and not enough sleep, but when Alex dropped his hands, the kid was still there. 
He had to say something. He couldn’t just not say anything.
“Uh, c-can I help you?”
The kid nearly jumped out of his skin, smacking his head on the shelf above him in surprise. He whirled around to find the source of the sound, and Alex was met with the biggest deep brown doe eyes he’d ever seen in his life. 
“Jesus, sneak up on a guy next time, why don’t you?” the kid hissed, placing a hand over his heart dramatically. 
“Sorry. I-“ Alex stopped himself. 
Why was he apologizing? He was the adult here. 
The adult that had access to be here. 
He cleared his throat and rolled his shoulders back, trying to look more confident than he felt.
“You can’t be in here. This area is off-limits.” 
Alex only got a raised eyebrow in response, and he floundered for a second, trying to think of what else he could say. 
“I ran out of phenol formaldehyde in back in the lab, and Friday said that this lab has the most in excess. I didn’t want to take some from a lab that was already running low,” the kid said like it was the most obvious thing in the world. 
“Phenol formal- listen, kid, I don’t know who you are or how you got in here, but-“
“Peter.”
“What?”
“Peter. My name is Peter.” 
“Fine, Peter, like I was saying, I’ll do you a favor, and I won’t rat you out to the Division Lead, but you really need to run off to where you came from,” Alex said, putting his proverbial foot down. 
He was actually proud of how commanding his voice sounded. 
The kid, Peter, actually had the nerve to throw his head back and laugh. 
He turned and scanned the shelves one more time before plucking a jar off the second shelf and hopped down from the counter. 
“You do that, man,” Peter said, strolling out of the side doors. 
Alex stood in the same spot, his jaw slack. The kid didn’t scan any badge, and thinking back, he didn’t even have a visible badge to scan. 
He was convinced he just saw a ghost. There was no other explanation for why there was some random teenager named Peter in an intern lab in the middle of the night that had that kind of access. 
“That’s enough for me tonight,” Alex said to himself, promptly turning on his heel to gather his things and leave for the night. 

&

“Dude, there is no way that there’s a ghost roaming through SI,” Kiara said, rolling her eyes. 
“You mean to tell me that it makes more sense that some kid is running around the place with crazy amounts of access?” Damian countered, waving his fork in her face. 
The dark-skinned woman smacked his hand away.
Alex had immediately told the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
implied
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Other(s)

freeform: 
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Good Peter
BAMF Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Identity Reveal
Peter Parker Has a Family
Protective Peter Parker
Fluff
Sort of hurt/comfort
just a little
for some seasoning you know
lab fic
Sassy Peter
i live for sassy peter
anyway this is cute and i actually kinda like this one
Protective Tony Stark
POV Original Character
trust me on this

fandom: 
implied
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Other(s)

