Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Charles has never felt a mind quite like Erik's.It isn't just the raw strength of focus, or the rigid intensity that drives the man forward on a path Charles can barely comprehend.It isn't even the fact that Erik is a fellow mutant, though there's something more than a little seductive in the way Erik feels the hum of metal in every thought, every breath, every memory. It's an unfamiliar view of the world, and one that fascinates Charles.But none of that is material.No, what grabs Charles by the throat the first time he touches Erik's mind is the heady thrill of the unknown. There's an unyielding integrity to this man, and underpinning it—swirling through and around and beneath—are more mysteries and shadows and secrets than Charles can hope to untangle in a lifetime.Not all the secrets are good ones, but there's beauty amid the chaos. There are bright points and flashes that leave Charles breathless—that make him desperate to know this honest, angry, brilliant man."You're not alone," Charles tells him, as the chill of open water sinks into his skin through the rush of adrenaline. "Erik? You're not alone." It feels like a promise.One Charles is more than willing to make. 

- — - — - — - — - — -
They ride to the CIA facility packed into a single car—an uncomfortable arrangement, considering the length of the drive.Raven doesn't seem to mind being wedged between Erik and Charles in the back seat, and Erik finds her endless flurry of conversation strangely endearing, even though he mostly tunes her out. He spends the majority of the drive staring out the window or, at unpredictable intervals, across Raven at Charles—Charles, who never seems to stop smiling, even when he catches Erik staring."What's in the briefcase?" Raven asks at one point, eyes dropping to the leather handle Erik still holds in a relaxed grip."Nothing important," Erik says with half a smile. Nothing at all, in fact. Not yet.But he's surprised to realize he doesn't mind her asking. Raven is a good kid. Sharp and sincere. She's a young woman with the potential to grow up into something beautiful and dangerous. She also happens to be blue—a fact revealed in a private moment, still aboard the coastguard ship, Charles standing by and smiling encouragement—though she hides behind a pale blonde façade now.The drive spans several long hours, and even Raven falls silent eventually. In his peripheral vision, Erik sees her leaning against Charles's shoulder. She looks sleepy, but her eyes remain open. Erik wonders if her natural form would reassert itself if she drifted off.Almost certainly, he decides. A talent like that must require constant concentration.Erik stills at an unexpected flutter of sensation at the back of his thoughts. It's nothing solid—nothing physical he can pinpoint—so subtle that, for a moment, he thinks he's imagined it. But there's a sensation just the same, a sense almost like familiarity, and it takes Erik a moment to figure out why.What are you looking for? He phrases the question deliberately in his head, thinks it clearly and slowly. He raises his gaze and catches the way Charles's eyes startle wide. His expression holds none of the caught-out guilt Erik expects, but instead obvious surprise tinged with awe.You felt that? The words ring clear and easy in Erik's head—the same familiar edge, but more pronounced this time. Louder.Don't dodge the question, Erik thinks with the same deliberate care. His lips twitch with the urge to voice the words aloud—thinking them without speaking is surprisingly difficult.Forgive me, Charles says, and the corner of his mouth twitches suspiciously. I wasn't trying to invade your privacy.Then what were you trying to do? Erik presses. It's not that he doesn't trust Charles. He does, in point of fact. He trusts a man he barely knows, which is almost as terrifying as the thought of just how much Charles Xavier may be capable of.But there's no concern on Charles's face as he confesses, Sometimes my mind wanders. I do apologize. Truly. I can't help that I—The thoughts cut off abruptly—deliberately—and Erik turns to give Charles his full attention. He arches one eyebrow meaningfully and locks Charles with his most piercing look.Can't help what?Charles smiles sheepishly, and finally admits, I can't help that I find you fascinating.He doesn't elaborate, and Erik doesn't press. 

- — - — - — - — - — -
Hours later, after a limited tour of the CIA facility, Erik waits impatiently. He eyes his empty suitcase and waits for the facility to close down for the night, the people to venture off to sleep. When Charles approaches him, there's a mysterious smile on his lips."It's not normal, you know," Charles informs him, and Erik doesn't know what he's talking about."You'll have to be more specific," Erik says blandly. "There's a great deal about this arrangement that isn't normal.""The fact that you could feel me inside your mind," Charles says. "And from such a superficial intrusion, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Psychic Bond
Explicit Sexual Content
Telepathy
Dream Sex
Canon - Movie

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

