Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It wasn’t his finest plan, Loki wondered the woodland hoping that those fools can’t find him, he hissed as he looked down at the cut cross his side where he fell thought the tall trees. The wound wasn’t bad but it painful. He felt a something a prickle along his skin that made him shiver as he moved closer to the power that seemed to be a 100 miles circle. He pushed thought the ward and onto the land feeling the sharp burn of the magic all over his skin and it made him hiss more at the wound made him double over. He stepped out onto the decking and scanned around, he turned his head towards the stumbling noise and stood still as a dark haired man tipped over his own feet and pushed himself up. Loki snarled at fallen before he looked up at the cabin in front of him and the young man on the porch staring right at him. He notices something wasn’t quite right with the teen eyes, he stood up and walked carefully over to the youthful teen and stood a few inches from him, but the boy seems to staring right though him “I can feel you magic are you Auor?” The boy asked making Loki jumped back at his voice, it was like listen to an Angle’s voice it was soft gentle something he could imagine the boy singing a child to sleep.  Loki saw the teen’s eyes were milky white with some scaring around the eyes like someone had thrown something into his eyes, it made him look around…surely this boy can’t be on his own?… Loki wondered “I’m not deaf my hearing is perfect I know your still here.” Loki frowned at him before he heard himself speak
“I am no Auor young magician.” The god informed him, the teen chuckled as he held the post of the porch that lead down the stairs, there was a soft breeze that gently blow at his hair out of his face
“I’m a wizard not magician and you?” He asked, Loki moved up the stairs testing the waters so to speak, the teen was young and had a slight curve in his hips and long he could be mistaking for a girl if he wanted
“I am Loki of Asgard and in need of place to hid.” The teen hummed as the god spoke before he reached out and touched his face.Loki froze as he felt the cool tips of the teen’s fingers move across his face mapping out his features. He could feel the boy’s magic reach out testing his magic waiting to see how it will react “You are a handsome man.” The dark haired beauty said with a small smiled as he moved aside having his hand to the large glass doors “I have room as long you’re not an Auor or Death Eater.” He said with a tried smiled
“I promise you I am neither.” Loki said as he walked passed him and inside.Loki looked around the cabin and found it was bright and breezy and very comfortable “You live a…alone?” He asked looking back at the teen as he moved around the furniture without bumping into table and chairs
“I don’t trust people especially those who can walk thought my wards.” The teen said walking up to the kitchen counter
“I see, may I know the name of my host?” Loki asked as he watched the dark haired youth waved his hands over the kitchen and watched objects moved about on their own
“Harry Evens.” He said before turning his head towards him.Loki guessed he was in his late teens but something about him made him think the teen was older than he looked. He was blind there was no lie in that but he moved about with his magic. He was guarded and told Loki very little but then again Loki told him very little about himself …it goes both ways…he thought as he stood to take the tray of cups from the boy “Here let me take these.” The dark haired god asked, Harry smiled at him and let him take the cubs as he took a seat on a chair and turned his head towards him
“Okay, as I said earlier I have trust issues you are a stranger that passed through my wards without screaming in pain or burning up and for the life of me I can’t believe I let you into my home. I can feel your magic, your power there is something different something old, are you Ancient?” Harry asked
“Ancient?” Loki replied looking confused as he watched the boy pick up his tea cup
“An Ancient old magic, you said you’re from Asgard and from what I remember at my time at Hogwarts our magic came from powerful beings from Asgard.” He told him, Loki leaned back with his own cup of tea and looked at the boy before he closed his eyes feeling the Harry’s magic. It was powerful and it’s hidden under the surface and yes he could feel something akin to Asgard magic
“I supposed you right.” Loki say to him.Harry could feel Loki’s eyes looking at him and turned his head to his direction “Ask your question?” Harry said to him, this seem to have made Loki jump and looked at Harry more closely
“How did you lose your sight?” He asked, Harry gave him a bitter smile before nibbling on a chocolate biscuit
“Someone I thought who cared for me did this to get me under his control.” Harry replied, that was not something Loki was expecting the teen to say. Harry sighed and stood up “It’s starting to get late why don’t I sho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Mpreg
harry is in hiding
fic has been updated
Blind Harry
loki loves harry

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

