Work Text:
Prologue, part the firstA kind and gentle heart he had,To comfort friends and foes;The naked every day he cladWhen he put on his clothes.Wallace TrippWestchester, Xavier School for Gifted Youngsters. Last days of October.Nearly a year on and he’s still not used to not being able to feel his toes.The first batch of children are settling in admirably, although he is deeply saddened by the fact that so, so many of them were sent here so quickly by their families, just on hints of information that there might be somewhere to send “different” children to keep them out of the eyes of the neighbors.And then there are the children he really considers his, his first class. His own.Alex has been creeping around the house like a dog that’s waiting to be beaten, his thoughts a maelstrom of betrayal and hurt, longing and guilt, and, for the first few months, the odd whisper of should have gone too, maybe that wrenched on Charles’ heartstrings. If it hadn’t been for having Scotty to think of, his room might be empty, too. Hank has buried himself in his lab, barely emerging to eat, and Sean has taken to flying himself up to the roof and spending the day there, out of reach of everyone, at least physically. His family is fractured, and he hasn’t the least idea how to even begin going about fixing it.Thinking about Erik constantly doesn’t help.Reaching for his mind, casually, involuntarily, only to meet cold blank space; thinking if only one of them had said something different or moved another direction or a myriad other possibilities; none of that is going to bring him back.But it is the silence that aches the most.Charles has heard no word, no whisper, neither from Erik nor Raven, nor any information about their movements. That void is terrifying, the idea that Erik could be locked in some remote government lab, that his sister could be buried in a shallow grave in the Catskills and he, for all his gift and power, would never know.He’s taken to filling the empty spaces with more work, either gathering accreditations or stocking the house, or, most often, using the new Cerebro to continue his search for more people like them. Hank’s latest modifications have just been entered, and he’s eager to test them. Every mutant child he saves makes him feel his own loss a little less bitterly, or so he likes to imagine.The doors slide smoothly open as he wheels himself forward, his upper body feeling nowhere near the strain it had the first couple of months in the chair. Hank insists that he can make him an electric one, but Charles refuses. Bad enough to have lost most of the functions in the lower half of his body; he’s not going to surrender the upper half in order to save his hands a few calluses.“Hi, Professor, glad you could make it down today! I mean, not that I think you couldn’t, but, well, the elevators haven’t been as good as they should be, and, well, you know…”For all that Hank has gained newfound confidence in his abilities as the Beast and a surprising grace in his body, he still occasionally employs the tactlessness only seen in those of truly extraordinary intelligence. It might be part of the reason why Alex sticks so close to him, as he is now, skulking around the edges of the Cerebro platform; for all that he lacks any discernable cultural refinement, he’s much better at communicating with people and reading their reactions than his blue-furred, genius counterpart. They make a good team, when they can get over their own problems.“It’s quite all right, Hank; I’m happy I was able to make it down myself. What new modifications do you have in store for me today?”Alex frowned, obviously uncomfortable with a subject he didn’t understand, and moved to stand protectively behind Charles’ chair. Hank pushed his spectacles up the bridge of his azure nose (something that is taking a lot of getting used to, he looks in the mirror in the morning and doesn’t see a stranger and is shocked by that and is shocked by his shock and then). Charles pushed the images away, gently, gently; some gestures and thoughts are louder than any possible words.“Well, the current modifications should be enough to extend your range so that you’re able to reach any mutant, anywhere. With the exception of strongly shielded ones, of course, meaning in military bases, or, well. You know. Shielded.” Hank cleared his throat and gestured to an impressive bank of computers. “I’ve done the basic calculations, and you’ll be able to see as far as central Arabia with no problems, and maybe even as far as Asia and China, if you really focus and the mutant’s signature is strong enough.”Alex snorted before Hank could make any kind of reply. “What do you mean by signature? The way they sign their names, or how strong their powers are?”Hank shot Alex an ugly look, which was laced with something Charles chose not to analyze at the time. “The latter, of course, but every mutant is different and-”Charles interrupted, sick of the fighting and the bitterness 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Azazel (X-Men)/Mystique
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Sean Cassidy/Cosmic Oneness

freeform: 
Allusions to Sexual Assault
Nonspecific Nasty Things Done To Minors
Psychic Bonding
Non-PC Religious References
Non-PC Ethnic References
Emotionally Crippled Erik
Alex Trollin’
Evil Ghosts of Nazi Sociopaths
Overly Pretentious Writing in Sex Scenes
Author Attempts Smut
Author Has A Mental Affliction
Author Does Minimal Research
Author Writes About Things Beyond Her Ken
Improbable Resurrection
Unnecessary Supernatural References
Unrealistic Medicine
Drug Use
Unrealistic Everything

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Azazel (X-Men)/Mystique
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Sean Cassidy/Cosmic Oneness

