Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Eddie, it's time to wake up. 
 
Eddie groaned and rolled over in bed. He had had a late night last and wanted to sleep in. For some reason, he had been hoping that the symbiote would let him. 
 
You have till the count of three, Eddie,
 Venom warned from inside his head. 
You don't want to get off schedule. 
 
At the mention of the schedule, Eddie flinched and ripped his blankets off. He staggered to his feet still more asleep than awake but knew the layout of his house well enough to put himself on the right course to the bathroom. By the time his bare feet hit the cold tiles, he had rubbed enough of the sleep out of his eyes to be obedient. 
 
The schedule. 
 
The dredded schedule. 
 
It had been months after the almost-end of the world before Venom had discovered the darker side of human hunger. He had taken over Eddie’s body and combed through both his memories and the internet, finding porn and jerk off material that met his needs. Venom matched Eddie’s desires easily with the ones being shown on screen and decided that he was also hungry for that in the same way.
 
And thus the schedule had evolved. 
 
Venom was never comfortable with everything in Eddie’s lifestyle to begin with. With videos showing him that he didn’t have to ride backseat the whole time, he quickly got creative. 
 
Eddie was now the healthiest he had ever been in his life. At least physically. 
 
The schedule kept him like that. 
 
He woke up every day at six a.m. He didn’t really need an alarm clock since Venom was usually nice enough to rouse him. The only caveat was that Venom didn’t have a snooze button. Eddie got up with the symbiote told him the first time, or he was punished. 
 
Now, Eddie was in the bathroom, right on time. He took a shower--cold water because Venom said so--and brushed his teeth. He didn’t have any clothes to change out of, since Venom kept him naked most of the time, and would continue the day. 
 
A new addition to Eddie’s life was that he had to work for his food. Just like Venom had to, the symbiote told him. Work wasn’t the best way of putting it. Eddie had to 

perform

. 
 
He would make his way to the kitchen naked and get three eggs from the fridge. He would place these in a bowl on the table and kneel on the floor. 

No furniture

. That was something he earned. Venom would decide when he earned the food. 
 
Mornings were the time to train his chest. 
 

His tits.

 
 
Venom greatly enjoyed using the language from the video, saying that it made Eddie squirm and twitch deliciously. 
 
Eddie would get twin nipple clamps out and set them on the floor in front of him before getting to work. He would twist and pinch and pull as much as he could, forcing himself past the pain. Venom would sit at the back of his mind during this time, rumbling with pleasure as Eddie’s body reacted slowly. 
 
Still reluctant from the cold shower, it would always take a while. Eddie had to 

work

, of course. Eventually, his overworked nipples would turn red and hot and throbbing, and his cock would slowly, ever so slowly, become the same. 
 
Eddie was not allowed to cum. Not this early in the morning. 
 
He just had to get himself ready. He would pull and twist until Venom was happy with the results and Eddie was panting and way too aroused to be normal.
 
Now,
 Venom would tell him, and Eddie would screw the clamps closed, hissing between clenched teeth as the pain and throb became a constant. He would sit like that for a couple minutes, knees spread and hands behind his back, presenting himself for Venom’s inspection. If the symbiote was happy, he would manifest outside Eddie’s body.
 
With his pitch black claws, he would scoop the eggs up. Eddie would tip his head back, mouth open and tongue out. Venom would praise him for a job well done and crack the eggs inside. 
 
Eddie swallowed because this was what Venom decided was healthy. 
 
Venom would disappear back inside of him and Eddie would do the dishes, careful not to rut his cock against the hard wood of the cabinets beneath the sink. 
 
After breakfast, Eddie had more work to do. 
 
He was a host, according to Venom, and therefore it was his job to keep his body in the right condition to be hospitable. 
 
Eddie had collected an uncomfortable amount of sex toys over the stretch of a few months. 
 
After breakfast, Eddie was to go into his “office” where Venom would select what he would be using today. It was usually large and horrible and colored obscenely, but Eddie always nodded and accepted and positioned it on his chair. 
 
He would then stand with his hands against the wall, ass out, and let Venom rim him to the alien’s delight, until he was a shaking shuddering mess and his hole felt more like a wet mouth. The noises were always embarrassing, wet smacking and gasping as Eddie’s body, now trained to want this, opened up for something he didn’t. 
 
Sit, 
Venom would say. 
 
And Eddie would sit. 
 
Feet off the ground, back straight, s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Unreliable Narrator
lifestyle control
Training
Nipple Play
Nipple Clamps
Sex Toys
Edging
Cum Eating
Vac bed
Sensory Deprivation
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Watersports
Diapers
Begging
Puppy Play
Dehumanization
Large insertions
Breathplay
Cock & Ball Torture
Piercings

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

