Chapter 1





Chapter Text

            He wasn’t sure how long they’d been there. They hadn’t been to see the sun in what felt like months, years at the longest. There wasn’t any object or device that conveyed what time, let alone what day it was. He looked around the room at the other figures in the cells around him. The design of said cells were basic: the 3 walls were a cold, steely gray with the front panel consisting of bullet proof glass, guarded by thick metal bars.

            Each cell contained a metal cot sticking out the wall with a barely soft mattress and pillow. They all had a metal stool in the corner, for reasons still unknown. The room that the cells themselves were in were in the shape of a hexagon, allowing those who were in the cell to see each other. Clint was the only one awake, with Sam slightly snoring to his left and Scott snoring even louder to his right. His body still ached from the beating he received a few hours earlier. 

 
             “ So are you gonna talk or do we need to go another round?” 
  Clint grunted in pain as a fist and then a foot hit him in the ribs. He could feel them crack under the pressure, but he wasn’t gonna give the guards the satisfaction of knowing that.
 “I told you... I don’t know where they are. I haven’t seen them since before I’ve been here!” Clint yelled out against his restraints. 

 “Well then, allow us to jog your memory”, he smirked as he landed a punch to Clint’s face. He coughed out blood as he looked at the guard with a glare that could kill. 

 The assault lasted for 10 minutes, with Clint unable to evade any of the attack. Clint was handcuffed and led (dragged) back to his cell where the guard roughly released him from the cuffs, allowing him to hit the ground. By the time Clint was able to look back, the guard was already slamming the door shut after him. 

         
            He continued to peer out his cell into Wanda’s, where the girl was currently not; she had been gone since he had come back. Her cell was at the “front end” of the floor, positioned where Sam, Clint, and Scott could see her without strain. “Hey, she still not back yet?”, he heard from his right. 
“I’m not sleeping until she comes back.” 
“But who knows when that’ll be. you should at least close your eyes for a bit,” he whispered with concern.            “No. Not until she comes back.”
“Fine. Let’s play a game while we wait,” he said as he sat cross cross on the cold floor. Clint didn’t respond but he did gingerly sit on the ground waiting for Scott’s game suggestion. “How about animal, vegetable, mineral?”
“What the hell is that?”
“It’s like 20 questions but better. I think of something and the first question you ask is “is it an animal, vegetable, or mineral?” And we take it from there.”
“Yeah, I’ll try it. Ain’t got nothing better to do anyway.”           After god knows how long, Wanda was dragged back and dropped unceremoniously in her cell. The guards carrying her kicked her abdomen one more time for good measure and snarled at the men shouting at him. 
“Hey! What are you doing? Can’t you see she’s unconscious?”
“Leave the kid alone, she’s had enough!”
The one guard that was known for his brutality, gave the young witch one final kick to her ribs as he bitterly left the criminals to their own devices, not like they had any.            “Hey kid! Wake up!” 
“Wanda, come on. Get up!”
The young redhead didn’t so much as stir as Scott and Clint yelled with all their might. Clint made sure to stay awake and keep his eyes on Wanda as he was afraid that if he closed his eyes, she’d be gone again.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Clint Barton & Scott Lang & Wanda Maximoff & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov & Alexei Shostakov | Alexi Shostakov & Melina Vostokoff

freeform: 
The Raft Prison (Marvel)
Rape/Non-con Elements
Abuse
Explicit Sexual Content
Shock
Starvation
Flashbacks
Burns
Gang Rape
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Parent Natasha Romanov
Parent Steve Rogers
Kid Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Deaf Clint Barton
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Child Abuse
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Friendship
Mother-Daughter Relationship
Father-Daughter Relationship
Mute Wanda Maximoff
Fluff and Angst
skin-to-skin contact
Sign Language
Smut

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Clint Barton & Scott Lang & Wanda Maximoff & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov & Alexei Shostakov | Alexi Shostakov & Melina Vostokoff

