Chapter 1: There Is One Imposter Among Us
    




Chapter Text
His ribcage expanded, but it was a laborious thing. His breath echoed and rattled through his heaving chest as he fought for every breath, every desperate gasp of air. His fevered body fought with all its might against the virus ravaging it, but it was losing slowly, and he knew it.He mentally raged against his inevitable death though. He would not go quietly into that good night. He had so much he wanted to do before he shuffled off the mortal coil, but it looked like he’d be forever denied the opportunity. He knew it was a long shot in the first place though, and he silently fumed about his inevitable fate.Idly, he hoped he might be reincarnated as an animal of some sort, preferably some kind of adorable dog that would belong to a good family. He’d always desired to know what it was like to exist as something other than human.He didn’t like being human. Too many responsibilities and expectations. Society was too flawed for him to find much enjoyment in it, but there was jack-all he could do to fix any of it. He was but one man, and not particularly well-off either. The world spoke the language of money, and he didn’t have enough of it for the world to give a shit about him.Even if he managed to survive the COVID-19 currently ravaging his body, he’d be destitute. His insurance wasn’t very good, and they’d fight tooth and nail to avoid paying for any of his treatment, he just knew it.When he realized that, he silently despaired. His family was gone—had been for a while, and he didn’t have any friends. His life was lonely and a bit pathetic if he was being honest with himself. He’d just never managed to make meaningful connections with anyone outside his own family, not that he’d tried particularly hard, mind you.Humanity was just so…mundane and boring. Nobody strove for anything anymore. Space travel was all but a relic of the past, and everywhere he turned, the world just seemed to be falling further and further to pieces.He thought about all of this as he struggled for breath in an overcrowded hospital. He knew deep in his soul that he wouldn’t be making it out of this one alive, and to be honest, he wasn’t sure if he even wanted to any more.
 Please, let my next life be more fulfilling than this one. Let me know what it is like to soar above the clouds, or to swim through the deepest oceans, or to race across the earth upon four legs. Let me truly live, wherever death might take me. 
He passed from the world not with a bang, nor even a whimper, but the slow, quiet breath of someone letting go.  Though he was unaware of it, his soul resisted the siren call of the afterlife. He wasn’t ready to go yet. Many souls experienced something similar, but unlike them, he turned away from the light and instead looked to the shadows. Something was there, he could tell. Enormous beings sang enchanting songs as they drifted through that endless space.Something primal told him that if he went there he could never come back, the darkness would snatch him up and make him its own. It would bury its claws into his immortal soul and change him forever, humanity ripped away or so thoroughly twisted he would become something entirely new.New. He rather liked the sound of that. What had humanity ever done for him? His life as a human had been sad and lonely and unfulfilling.So he turned his back on the shining light and went gladly into the dark, changing the course of history forever. The dark welcomed him. The beings Sang and he listened to their wonderful Symphonies as he drifted through the dark, not noticing when the darkness crept in and made itself at home in his soul.He saw without eyes and heard without ears, and it was all so very beautiful. He did not wish to leave the dark comfort of this place, but something was calling to him. The dark and the Songs of the beings could not drown out the ringing bell of fate.When he traveled down the dark path that seemed to call out to him in particular, he would wake and remember none of this. He wasn’t yet ready, but he would be.  When he regained consciousness, he was extremely confused. He shouldn’t have woken back up at all, and yet here he was, alive. Well, he thought he was probably alive. He could not move or see or hear or smell, but he knew he had a form. It certainly didn’t feel like his body though. He felt like he was a liquid. How he knew what being a liquid felt like, he had no idea, but he just knew somehow, beyond the shadow of a doubt, that he was currently a liquid.He appeared to be in some kind of cylindrical shape with a rounded, domed bottom. Like a test tube,  he thought dazedly.His liquid form vibrated minutely every few seconds in some kind of unidentifiable pattern. He tried to move in his tube, but nothing happened. Of course nothing happened, he was a liquid, and those weren’t known for being mobile outside of gravity’s influence.
 What is happening? …Have I been reincarnated? But as what th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Alex Mercer & Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Alex Mercer

freeform: 
Isekai
Author Is Sleep Deprived
The Author Regrets Nothing
no beta - we die like men
inconsistent updates
no update schedule
You Get Updates When You Get Updates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
canon? never heard of her
Why Does No One Write About The Stealth Potential Of Blacklight?
Partially Inspired By Among Us The Game
I Cherry Pick Canon For The Juicy Bits
Author Is Team Iron Man
Alex Is Team Fuck Canon
Alex Is Also Team Iron Man
fuck the ending of endgame
Swearing
Alex Likes Being An Eldritch Horror
Alex Also Likes Being A Little Shit
Bruce just fucking rolls with it
Sir That Is My Emotional Support Elder God
Asexual Character
He's A Sapient Virus Guys - Those Don't Have Sex Drives
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Alex Will Provide Said Hug
Male Friendship
monster bros
a friendship so platonic you'll cry
Bruce Banner Feels
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Alex Mercer Is A Good Bro
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Science Bros
Protective Bruce Banner
protective Alex mercer
He Takes Threat-Elimination Duty Very Seriously
touch his friends and get eaten
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
even though civil war doesn't exist in my canon nope
none of that horseshit
In This House We Do Not Leave Teammates For Dead In MFing Siberia
not team Cap friendly
Alex And Bruce Have One Collective Brain Cell And Neither Of Them Uses It
Except When Alex Is Composing God-Tier Roasts
steve rogers can go ingest an entire satchel of richards
Which Is The Polite Way Of Saying Steve Can Go Eat A Bag Of Dicks
Why Yes - The Author Is Still Saltier Than The Dead Sea
How Did You Guess?
Author Refuses To Acknowledge Anything Past The First Avengers Movie As Valid
Graphic Description
Do Not Repost My Shit Without My Express Permission
do not reupload
i post only to this account on AO3
OC Insert as Alex Mercer - Freeform

fandom: 
Alex Mercer & Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Alex Mercer

