Work Text:
Peter groaned as Flash threw yet another wad of paper at his head, willing himself not to catch it and let it boink against his curls. Boink. Boink. Boink. “Can you stop?” Peter hissed, turning around in his desk. “Mr. Parker, we are in the middle of a quiz. If I need to remind you again, I will have to deduct ten points.” Peter bit his tongue and nodded, scratching his pencil into the easy physics quiz. A few minutes later, Ms. Warren came to collect the papers and she set them neatly in a folder. “Now,” she said, stepping in front of the chalkboard, “I have some very exciting news.” Peter raised a disbelieving eyebrow. “As you may know, Stark Industries recently began an education initiative, and one part of this initiative includes field trips to the SI labs. I applied for our class, and our application was accepted.” The class erupted in cheers, Flash’s loudest of all. “Hey, Parker! Ready to admit the truth?” Peter buried his hands in his hair and took a few calming breaths as Ms. Warren ignored Flash and began distributing the permission slips and NDAs. “Please get these forms signed,” she said, as the students eagerly read over each word on the permission slip. “The trip will be the day after tomorrow.” Great. Fan-fucking-tastic. “This is great, Peter!” Ned exclaimed in between bites of his square pizza. “You’ll finally be able to show Flash that your internship is real! AND that you know the AVENGERS and TONY STARK.” Peter groaned. “No, it’s not great, Ned! I have a secret identity, remember that? And I’m not exactly interested in the press knowing that I’m Mr. Stark’s son, I would never get any privacy.” Ned nodded sympathetically and too another bite of his pizza, as MJ crunched down on an apple and scanned the rest of her chapter. When she finished, she slid a bookmark between the worn and yellowed pages, and looked up at Peter with a bored expression. “You’re overreacting. Just tell Stark you’re serious about not wanting anyone to intervene.” “But if they DON’T,” Peter complained, “Flash will get 100x worse!” “How about this?” MJ said. ”The interns know you, right?” “Yeah.” “So, why would Tony Stark know you? You’re just an intern.” Peter tapped his chin thoughtfully. “Okay. I’ll talk to him.” --- “Hey, Dad!” Peter chirped as he entered the penthouse. “Hey, there, tinoket.” Peter swooped Amy up from the couch and brought her into a hug, kissing her curls softly. “Pete!” Tony exclaimed, grinning. “Did you get any exciting news in class today?” “Ugh, Dad, please, please, please just ignore me. I don’t want anyone to find out about us.”  Tony furrowed his brow, but saw the sincerity behind his son’s words forced his head into a nod. “I’ll stay out of the way, Pete.” “Promise?” “Promise.” “Daddyyyyyy!” Amy exclaimed, poking at Peter’s cheek. “Want gra-fruit.” “Okay, bug, I’ll go get you a grapefruit.” --- The next day, Peter brought in his permission slip, signed by Happy, and the NDAs that were completely unnecessary for him to sign. “Wow, Parker, I’m surprised you’re actually coming. Makes it more fun for me.” Peter nodded and rolled his eyes sarcastically as he handed his forms over to Ms. Warren. “Mr. Parker,” she said. “A word after class, please.” The period ticked by slowly as Peter stressed about what Ms. Warren wanted to talk to him about. Finally, the bell rang, and Peter walked up to Ms. Warren’s desk, Ned flashing him an apologetic look and waiting outside the classroom for him. “Mr. Parker,” Ms. Warren began. “I wanted to talk to you about your internship. I am aware that you filed paperwork with the school and that your internship is, in fact, real. I just want you to know that I am on your side.”  Peter gaped. He was not expecting That. “O-Oh! Thank you, Ma’am.” “No problem,” Ms. Warren smiled at Peter, and then gestured that he could leave the room. “How was it, bro?” Ned asked. “Good. Ms. Warren believes me!” Peter continued beaming throughout the entire day, even when Flash jeered at him, and even when Amy woke him up at 5:00 AM the next morning. The next morning. Fuck. The field trip. ---The bus ride was a long one. It mainly consisted of Flash bragging about the field trip on Instagram Live, and Ned excitedly babbling about the labs that they were going to see. When the bus stopped in front of the Tower, everyone gaped and began snapping pictures of the skyscraper from all angles, until Ms. Warren stood up at the front. “I would like to remind you all that you are representing Midtown. Please do not wander off from the group, and please treat everyone with the utmost respect. Am I understood?” “Yes, Ms. Warren,” the class chorused, eager to get off the bus and enter the marvelous tower. “Very well. I want everyone to get off the bus in an  orderly fashion , please,” Ms. Warren said pointedly, glaring at Flash, who was shoving his way to the front.  After a good amount of time, everyone had finally departed from the school bus, and was entering the Tower with wide eyes. M
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Original Character(s)
Avengers Team & Original Character(s)
Peter Parker & Others
Peter Parker & SI Interns
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & SI Interns
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Original Child Character(s)
wow i typed all of those out

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
heres the field trip of the series
we all saw this coming from a mile away
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Trans Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Field Trip
High School
Good Parent Peter Parker
Parent Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Bisexual Peter Parker
Anxious Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
protective SI interns
Peter Parker Lives in Avengers Tower
the acadec team is s h o o k
Tropes
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
once again - fuck endgame
Single Parents
Teen parent
single teen parent
Single Parent Peter Parker
teen parent peter parker
single dad peter parker
Teen Dad Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
FRIDAY (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Stark Industries
how many field trip fics can i possibly write
many many more is the answer
The Author Regrets Nothing
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Interns & Internships
the si interns love peter
not spideychelle
bc I said so
NOT STARKER - Freeform
the field trip trope
how long can i spend tagging before i actually write the fic?
only time will tell
Monica Warren is a Good Bro
Fluff
pure fluff
Teenage Parent
Single Teen Parents
a non-asshole teacher? in this economy? who'd have thought?
Nonbinary Character
but thats just self-indulgent
And Minor
anyway
Laboratories
Genius Peter Parker
Intern Peter Parker
kind of
Kid Fic
Peter Parker Loves Tony Stark
Tony Stark Loves Peter Parker
PATERNALLY - Freeform
pepper potts loves tony stark
Stark Industries Employee Peter Parker
not really but the interns think so
kind of different from the other field trips out there
more intern-focused than avenger-focused
I'm Bad At Tagging
Avengers Tower
Angry Peter Parker
Reveal
Irondad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Original Character(s)
Avengers Team & Original Character(s)
Peter Parker & Others
Peter Parker & SI Interns
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & SI Interns
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Original Child Character(s)
wow i typed all of those out

