Chapter 1



Summary:

Currently editing this story. Nothing will change with the plot or even how its written. Simply fixing grammar and spelling as I wrote this extremely fast and didn't put much into editing.





Chapter Text
 January 26   th    2015  Peter took a shaky breath. He couldn’t remember how he’d gotten to this point. Everything felt numb and blurred around the edges. Logically he knew his life wasn’t all that ideal but it had never driven him to this point before. He was supposed to be on patrol, but instead he found himself perched on the edge of a tall building. He wasn’t sure how many floors exactly.. 30? 50? Didn’t really matter did it? It was enough to get the deed done. He felt himself tilting forward, it would be so easy to just let himself fall. Take off his shooters first so he didn't’ ruin it for himself. Push off far enough so he couldn’t grab the building on the way down. He was strong but a freefall from 60 stories would do the trick.  If he angled himself he bet he’d hardly feel it.  Jerking back Peter released a shuddering breath. Trying to think of something to hold on to. His Aunt. Well, she was May and she would get through it. Mj was strong. Stronger than him by far and she would push though. She had to for Ned. Ned, Ned would take it the hardest. Peter knew that the other boy was worried. He guessed he hadn’t been quite himself lately. Peter hadn’t even messaged him in days. Not since the other boy had changed his number. He’d added the new contact right away but the thought of texting him felt like lying. Like luring him into a false sense of hope. Peter shakily took out his phone, deciding that his brother in all but blood deserved something from him.    Unknown 1:17 am  Hey Bro So I guess this is my goodbye. I just wanted to say I’m sorry.  And that this isn’t your fault. You are everything I’ve ever wanted in a brother.  And I know I’m selfish but letting myself fall seems so right. I’m sorry I couldn’t be a good brother to you.  I’m just so sorry I’m doing this to you but I don’t want to be here anymore. I don’t want to be a part of this world.  It Hurts  You’ll always be my Guy in the Chair and I want you to know that my biggest regret is leaving you and M behind.  Tell her I’m sorry please. I never wanted to give you guys another trauma to live through.  I love you both. So much. If they label it an accident please don’t tell them. Best to let my burdens die with me.    Ned  PLEASE NO Whoever you are please thik this throu I know it hurts but it can be so much better  I promise theres a world of beauty out there    Unknown  Ur not Ned  I’m sorry for ruining your night.    Ned  Nothing ruined here. Please just think about this  Do you really think Ned would be able to recover so easily It sounds like you two are close   Unknown  It won't be easy but they will recover. They’ll have less to worry about without me around.  I’m a fuckup and I ruin people around me. I don’t want it to touch them.  They’ve always been so good to me. I think its time I return the favor.    Ned  Believe me when I say this will ruin them more than you ever could My sister thought the same Finding her will always be the worst day of my life  Things get better. It will. Whatever you’re struggling with won’t last forever    Unknown  Maybe  But im tired and I tried. I’m failing at everything.  Even gym class. Who the f*** fails at gym class That’s how useless I am. Just ask my teachers Ask anyone really    Ned  Oh honey. I promise it gets better  I can help make it better. Let me help you  Please Darling let me help   Unknown  I’m really sorry your having to deal with this tonight. I’m sure you had better things to do I hope this doesn’t add to your sisters trauma or s*** Thanks for taking the time I guess to talk to me. You really didn’t need to.  If it makes it any better I’m gonna make sure someone else finds my body. I’m sure I'll already be cleaned up before they know.    Ned  It really deosnt make it even a little bit better Tell me where you are and I’ll come get you   Unknown  I’m good, thx tho   Ned  How bout this. Tell me one thing you always wanted to do Anything and I’ll see what I can do to make it happen   Unknown  I’ve already tried that! It doen’t work anymore. Nothing feels right.  It hurts to breath  I don’t want to anymore    Ned  I’ll never forgive myself If you do this I will live the rest of my life knowing I failed to talk you down  Knowing if I had said the right thing you would still be here  It will haunt every moment for the rest of my life   Unknown  That doent make any sense!  How could a random 14 yr olds death have anything to do with you.    Ned  It will though. I’ll live the rest of my life knowing I failed Knowing I was that last person you spoke to The last person who let you down   Unknown  Not to say your psycho or anything but this sounds a lot like emotional manipulation.  That’s not very nice.    Ned  !Please  Give yourself more time to grow. You have so mu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
BAMF Pepper Potts
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Abusive May Parker (Spider-Man)
Bad Parent May Parker (Spider-Man)
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Texting
Suicidal Thoughts
Triggers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

