Work Text:

1927:
The youngest soulmating Steve had ever heard of was Joey McDermott and Mary Catherine Riley, who'd been steadies since kindergarten and sealed their bond when they were nine. And it wasn't a gag; he'd seen it happen with his own eyes.Most Saturdays, all the kids on Steve's street would beg a nickel from their folks and go down to the theater to see the feature. Bucky was always there, which meant Steve was welcome, too, when he was well enough.That week, it was been some sappy romance, and Steve and Bucky had both been more interested in hearing about Kevin Kinnon's new pet lizard than what was happening on the screen, but on the walk back to the neighborhood, someone started in teasing Joey and Mary Catherine how they should kiss like at the end of the movie, with a big dip and everything. And the more the others teased, the redder Joey's neck got and the more Mary Catherine giggled, and the more the others teased.Steve thought about stepping in to say something in their defense (he could practically feel Bucky getting ready to grab his arm and haul him back), but before Steve could make up his mind, Joey snapped out, "Fine!" He grabbed Mary Catherine and dipped her (it wasn't near as smooth as the guy in the movie, with Mary Catherine was squeaking and flailing in surprise instead of swooning gracefully) and kissed her, an awkward mash of his lips against her still-laughing mouth.And right there in the street, both Joey and Mary Catherine... lit up. Like a matchhead suddenly caught, a flare of light so bright they probably could'a seen it on the Moon, shining from right under their skin. All the kids froze, staring in disbelief. They didn't even test for a soulbond until you were sixteen, but everyone knew what it looked like, anyway.The flare died down after just a second or two, and then another second or two later, Joey stood Mary Catherine back up on her feet and they stared at each other while all the other kids kept staring at them. Finally, Mary Catherine touched her lips and said, "It sparkles," and that set off everyone whooping home yelling, Guess guess guess what just happened!


1931:
When they were thirteen, Mary Catherine Riley died of the flu.Kevin Kinnon said something under his breath at the funeral about how if anyone was gonna die of the flu, he'd'a thought it would've been Steve, and Bucky would've beat Kevin to a pulp right behind the church if Steve hadn't put a stop to it.Normally, if it'd been anyone else that Kevin had been talking about, Steve would've jumped right in to help Bucky whale on Kevin for a crack like that. But privately, Steve thought Kevin was right -- Steve was sick and small and hardly worth anything, and Mary Catherine had been beautiful and happy and healthy, and it sure didn't seem right for her to be laying up there in the church while Steve was down here in the tiny graveyard trying to pull Bucky off Kevin Kinnon's back.Bucky let Steve pull him off, but they both cut Kevin at school from then on, and for a month or two the schoolyard was sharply divided in its loyalty between Kevin and Bucky, until most of the kids forgot about the spat and moved on to more interesting things.Mary Catherine was buried in the Riley plot, of course, but there was a line added to her marker about her having been betrothed to McDermott, which Steve thought was a nice touch.Joey McDermott stopped growing. At twelve, Joey had been the tallest boy in his class by half a hand; at fifteen and a half, just months shy of when everyone else was going to be tested, Joey still looked thirteen, only a couple of inches taller than Steve and not a single hint of hair on his face or chest."It's the grief," Bucky's Ma said, trying to chivvy Steve into taking seconds even as she smacked Bucky's knuckles with her spoon for reaching across the table. "Can't grow properly with only half a soul, everyone knows that." She clucked her tongue. "That poor boy, so young... Lord knows I pray none of mine will end up with a bond, nor you either, Steven. It's a blessing, of course, but it's a heavy burden as well." She crossed herself with a pious sigh and then returned to her previous refrain. "But if you don't eat a little more, Steven, you're not even going to catch up with poor Joey, and then where will you be?" She pointed her spoon at Bucky without even looking at him. "Mister, you had best be reaching for that bread basket so you can offer some to your friend and not because you intend to eat a fourth roll on your own."


1933:
Only three kids of the two hundred or so in their class at school tested positive, which was about average -- two years ago, there had been six, and that had been the most anyone had ever heard of for at least a decade before that.The three of them -- Steve and Betty Davenport and Esther Gilden -- sat alone in a quiet classroom, waiting for the Soulbond Orientation Instructor to show up, not looking at each other."My brother," Esther finally whispered into the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
background OCs - Freeform
Minor Character Death
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

