Work Text:
  Peter tensed as he crawled through the window of the Tower. Most of the lights were on but the silence of the Tower had Peter believing that nobody was home. He stretched his hearing, listening for the telling signs of the Avengers. He listened out for the rustling in the vent, the thumping and shuffling sound of ballet slippers across the gym floor, the rhythmic sound of punching against a sandbag, the familiar hum of technology but there was silence. Fighting off the chill that ran down his spine, Peter stepped lightly into the communal living room and scanned it. Nothing seemed out of place but Peter’s instincts were telling him that there was something definitely off. “FRIDAY?” Peter whispered.  There was no answer. “Karen? Are you there?” Peter asked, fear slowly churning his stomach. There was only one reason why FRIDAY wouldn’t be working. “I’m here, Peter,” Karen’s soothing voice washed through his mask and he let out a tiny breath of relief. “Can you connect to FRIDAY at all?” Peter asked, slowly venturing deeper into the room. He went into the kitchen, carefully opening the fridge. It was still fully stocked with food and drinks, meaning that someone at least had been here recently. This was the first time Peter had been able to come to the tower, a school camp keeping him away from the city. He had decided to drop by before he went out on patrol to catch up on anything he may have missed while he was away and to say hi to Mr. Stark. “I’m sorry, Peter. FRIDAY is offline at the Tower,” Karen finally answered. “What? Why?” Peter hissed. “I am unsure,” Karen said. Peter’s body tensed as the lights suddenly cut off, plunging the room into darkness. “That can’t be good,” Peter swallowed, the hair on his arms raising fast. Peter ducked down behind the kitchen bench, straining his hearing. All was silently for a beat until he heard it. The sound of footsteps. Multiple pairs, marching up the stairwell in a formation. “Team 1 is approaching floor 65.” “Power has been cut.” “All systems are down Team 1. You are free to enter. Team 2; status?” “Team 2 is position. Awaiting go signal.” “Team 1 what is your ETA?” 
 

“15 more floors to go. ETA 7 minuets.” 

 

“Team 2 hold your position.” 

 

“Copy that.”

 
Peter moved, body snapping into gear. He had seven minutes until a number of unknown men stormed the tower. “Karen, we have to protect the tower,” Peter said. “Can you hack into the camera’s in the stairwell? We need to know how many people there are.” “One moment, Peter,” Karen said. Peter started rummaging through the cupboards, looking for something, anything that would help him protect the tower. “I’m sorry Peter, I am unable to access the cameras. They have severed all power,” Karen said. Peter wrenched open the cupboard and his eyes landed on a large bottle of olive oil. His eyebrows rose as his mind quickly formulated a plan. “Karen, we’re going Macaulay Culkin style,” Peter grinned.  Tony surveyed the staff at the Compound as they started to unload the boxes from the jet. FRIDAY, the clever AI that she was, had managed to pick up a transmission about an attempted robbery of the Tower. Tony was already going to be moving most of the team’s equipment and weapons to the Compound where they would be residing for most of the time now. The Compound was larger and would be better equipped for the training sessions that Cap had laid out.  When the transmission came through, they had simply upped their time frame. Yet, Tony couldn’t help but feel like they had missed something. FRIDAY was temporarily disengaged from the Tower so nobody would be able to hack her. The only thing waiting for the thieves was a fully stocked fridge. The lab had nothing valuable in it, only tools that you could find at any high-end garage. Even the bedrooms had been cleared of anything personal and yet tony couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something he had forgotten. “Everything okay?” Steve asked, appearing at Tony’s side. “Everything is going smoothly as planned,” Tony nodded, shoving his hands into his pockets and flashing the solider a quick smile. “If everything was going smoothly you wouldn’t have that look on your face,” Steve arched a brow. “This is my natural face,” Tony smirked. “I can’t help that I am this gorgeous.” “Tony,” Steve warned. “What are you thinking?” Tony sighed. “That we forgot something.” “We scoured those rooms, Tony,” Steve said, voice calm and his body projecting confidence. “Inch by inch. We didn’t leave anything behind.” “And yet,” Tony took his hands out of his pockets and spread them wide. “We could go back,” Steve suggested. “I could gather the team in under ten. If you are feeling that strongly about it, maybe we did miss something.” Tony rubbed at his jaw. “According to that transmission they were going to attempt it tonight. They’re probably there now.” “All the more reason we should check it out,” Steve said. “We may even be able to catch them in the act and find out who
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter is a Little Shit
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
Fluff and Humor
Humor
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Tower
Planned attack
Avengers Tower under attack
Peter Parker Saves The Day
civil war never happened
Home Invasion
Home Alone
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Protective Sam Wilson
Protective Avengers
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

