Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Seriously we have like two geniuses in this room, one superior marks man, one genetically altered super soldier, one genetically altered cross species genetics teen as well as a trained assassin and all of S.H.I.LE.D resources and we still can't come up with a plan to stop some, idiot villain from blowing up the moon" Darcy Lewis fumes seriously earth's mightiest heroes more like earth's stupidest idiots. "We need to find a way to get the villain without him triggering the explosives" Captain America said."No shit" Tony said twirling in his chair unhelpful as usual. "How did he even plant explosives on the moon?" Natasha asks and it's a fair question."We don't know all we know is this person claims to have explosives on the moon and the trigger to explode it apparently the explosion is that powerful that should he blow it up it will wipe out whatever portion of earth the moon is on" Bruce told them typing away furiously. "Why can't we just blow the moon up first?" Steve Rogers says. "Okay seriously? Obviously being a genetically altered super soldier doesn't enhance brain power because that's a stupid plan in fact any person in eight grade could tell you blowing up the moon would bring really bad consequences" Some random tall dude stood at the door says. "Excuse me? Who are you" Captain America says standing up glaring at the young looking dude. "Stiles!" A woman comes running after the kid followed by another young man. "You shouldn't go off on your own in this place you could get arrested you haven't got the clearance" A women tells him she speaks in a British accent and she is dressed in a jumper and jeans."Sorry Fitz-Simmons, I just couldn't stay in his office any longer I had to get out of their" The kid 'Stiles' tells the two Shield Scientists. "I understand but you shouldn't go wondering off especially in this place" The man tells him and he sounds concerned. "Excuse me can somebody tell me who the funny kid is?" Tony Stark asked smile firmly on his face. "The 'kid' has ears and can hear you and seriously now Tony Stark wants to know my name but when I applied for an intern-ship at stark tower last month I wasn't even considered" The kid says, and Tony can't help but chuckle. "I'm so sorry Mr Stark sir, Stiles Stilinski here is the only living member of a recently deceased Shield employee and he is here to collect their belongings" Jemma tells the group in the massive office who are all looking at Stiles. "I'm sorry for your loss" Hawkeye says from in the corner speaking up for the first time in three hours. "Thanks Uncle Coulson was barely around since my mom died but he was the only family I had left living" Stiles tells them. "Wait Coulson? Phil Coulson was your uncle?" Tony asks. "Yeah" Stiles shrugs walking in to the room fully dodging Fitz-Simmons attempt at grabbing his arm. He walks up to Bruce Banner and pats him on the shoulder. "What?" Bruce asks gruffly. "Have you thought about using a shield satellite to boost the power of an emp which will stop any and all remote access the bad guy has rendering his remote useless you take out the bad guy and collect the explosives when it suits you?" Stiles asks him. "Oh my god you're a genius that could work" Bruce says actually smiling before furiously typing again. "An EMP won't that set off the explosives?" A tall looking geeky guy in glasses asks. "Wow I always thought you guys were smart maybe It was for the best that I never got that Stark intern-ship you guys don't seem that bright" Stiles tells them. It earns him a glare from most of them and a freaky smile from Tony. "But wow seriously does being superheroes automatically mean that your hot because seriously you guys are hot as hell" Stiles smiles he spins round and his eyes light up. "Especially you" Stiles tells the most beautiful women he has ever seen. "Kid eyes back in your head there is a reason she's called black widow and it's not because she wears black all the time or lost a husband" Tony tells Stiles placing his hands-on Stiles shoulders and walking him to the two waiting scientists at the door. "Thanks for your help, Peppers going to be here in a few minutes to take you" Tony tells him. "Take me where?" Stiles asks. "To my house, I have an offer I think you might like" Tony smiles.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov & Stiles Stilinski
Tony Stark & Stiles Stilinski
Melissa McCall/Sheriff Stilinski
Ethan/Jackson Whittemore
Isaac Lahey/Scott McCall
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
BAMF Stiles
Tony Being Tony
Tony loves Stiles
Villains
Moon
SHIELD
Dead Phil Coulson
Stiles Saves The Day
Smart Stiles
Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski Friendship
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Teen Wolf Canon Compliant
Adorable FitzSimmons (Agents of SHIELD)
SHIELD Academy
SHIELD Agent Darcy Lewis

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov & Stiles Stilinski
Tony Stark & Stiles Stilinski
Melissa McCall/Sheriff Stilinski
Ethan/Jackson Whittemore
Isaac Lahey/Scott McCall
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

