Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter had to suppress a yawn as he sat in his Introduction to College Math class. He wanted to bury his head into his arms, but he knew Mr. Swantron would easily call him out for the action. If the class was something more interesting, Peter wouldn’t have a problem paying attention but he’d learned pretty much everything they were going over his first year at Midtown. He was pretty sure he could teach the class if they’d let him.Since starting at the public school, he’d tested out of almost every class offered to him but now he was stuck as the only sophomore in the senior-level class having to pretend that he was learning and not bored out of his mind. The school didn’t know what to do with him and it showed. He had hoped proving he was smart enough to test out of the school would give him a shot at going back to Midtown, but it didn’t. Instead, it landed him in all the advanced classes, most of which he was still ahead of anyway.When the bell finally rang, he stayed back, letting all the older students file out of the room ahead of him. He tried to stay as unseen as possible at school. He was pretty lucky, no one seemed to notice him begin with and there was no singular bully who was hell-bent on making his life miserable as Flash had been before. There was more or less a small fraction of older students who looked at Peter like he was a guppy among the mass piranhas, but even they tended to leave him alone if he didn’t draw attention to himself. With school out for the day, Peter finished up at his locker and headed out into the chill of the October afternoon. He didn’t have a coat anymore, he accidentally left the last one he owned at the group home he’d been at, along with a lot of his other clothing and personal items. He wasn’t going to go back for them and at this point, he wasn’t going to ask for any new ones either. The Mitchell’s had made it pretty clear about how much money they were willing to spend on Peter, which came pretty close to absolutely nothing. They’d do the bare minimum, of course, they’d most likely give him a winter jacket, but he doubted it would be warm enough or arrive before winter started to settle in. Instead, Peter had his Midtown hoodie on, it was certainly warm enough for the autumn chill but not much else.It didn’t help that Peter had another factor going against him and the weather. His own body was always trying to work against him. He had a hard time thermoregulating himself, his body temperature never stayed very steady even when he had the available resources to stay cool or warm. He was going to have to start becoming a little more creative to survive the upcoming winter. He had once read that some spiders hibernate if they were too cold and Peter wasn’t ready to see if he inherited that particular trait. The Mitchells lived close enough to the school that Peter could skip taking the city bus if he didn’t want to. He usually liked to walk home, even if he was feeling tired and cold. He liked the 20 minutes or so break he had between school and the house. He had a strict curfew, but he rarely was late. The punishment for being late was good enough incentive to keep on the straight and narrow.With his hands shoved in his hoodies’ pockets to keep himself warm, he took his time walking from his Bayside High School, down the suburban streets. He regrettably damaged his last working pair of headphones almost 3 months ago and he hadn’t had the money to buy a new pair of them. He stuck the unconnected earbuds in his ears to avoid anyone even trying to make conversation with him. He missed walking to the music, it always seemed to make the trip not only easier but calmer for him. Even with his senses dialed up, having a singular sound, like music, to focus on helped tamed everything else around him. He checked his phone a few times but his battery was nearly depleted, so he had to pocket it after only 10 minutes or so. He needed to replace the phone too, but that was an even bigger expense. Eventually, he’d have to bring it up, a phone with something the Mitchell’s thought was a necessary item, they’d get him a new one but he’d be paying a cost beyond money for it.He had to pick and choose his battles the best he could. ~*~In no time at all, he arrived in front of the Mitchell’s modest two-story brownstone. He blatantly never thought of it as his home, it would only mean that his situation was permanent. Just as he expected, Mr. Mitchell was waiting for him in the kitchen. Peter toed off his shoes, as he caught sight of the man hovering next to the kitchen counter. Peter didn’t even need to see his face to know he was annoyed with him.Peter took a few deep breaths before walking into the kitchen, trying to keep his face neutral, void of any emotion. Mr. Mitchell greeted Peter with a harsh mumble. “About damn time.”Peter looked downwards not making eye contact. “Sorry, sir. I walked home from school today.”“Did I ask you for an excuse?” Mr. Mitchel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Child Abuse
Child Neglect
Foster Care
AU
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Physical Abuse
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Has Issues
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Abusive Parents
Eating Disorders
Angst
Orphans
Orphan Peter Parker
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
Jerk Tony Stark
Found Family
Homeless Peter Parker
Abused Peter Parker

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

