Chapter 1: Fate
    




Chapter Text
It only took one single click and everything fell into place.The arc reactor blinked—once, twice—before it bathed the dark water in a bright turquoise light. Tony smiled down on the pipeline for a moment, satisfied with how smoothly things had developed this evening. He pushed himself upwards, firing up the boot thrusters. The new Iron Man suit cut seamlessly through the ocean, emerging right next to a little ferry, before making its way through the streets of Lower Manhattan.“I’m just saying, you’ve never personally met anyone,” he said in the vague direction of Pepper’s face on the HUD. “You just know a guy, who has this friend, whose second cousin once mistook a light reflection for something else and that’s hardly evidence for—”“Tony.”“Stop saying my name like that,” he said shortly. He cut around a street corner and flew past West Village. “You can light her up.”Over the HUD, Pepper smiled at him. The lopsided kind of smile that meant she wasn’t taking him seriously and was only generously indulging his crazy. The next second, Stark Tower lit up in the distance.“How does it look?” Pepper asked.“Like Christmas, but with more… me. Anyway—I mean it. Someone suddenly decides it’s all fact rather than fiction, and bam, everyone is walking around, staring at complete strangers. Last week, the head of accounting—what’s her name—Doris?”“Daphne.”“Daphne—whom I’ve known since I was twenty-three, mind you—kept giving me glances for over five minutes straight. It was disturbing, Pepper.”“That doesn’t mean it isn’t real. People write dissertations about it—scientific dissertations. Darwin alone wrote three books about it. You’re just… stuck on your one-man-vendetta against predestination, there’s a difference.”Tony huffed as he directed the suit on 8th Avenue. “It’s not a vendetta—no, don’t give me that look, it’s not. I just don’t see why people are getting so crazy over this. I mean, okay: To keep things from getting creepy, I’m even assuming soulmates are within a few years of your age, okay? Let’s say… fifteen. With that restriction, most of us would have a pool of around half a billion potential matches… Your soulmate could be a paddy farmer in Sri Lanka for all you know.”Pepper laughed quietly, gazing at him with her beautiful non-golden eyes. “Statistics say it’s mostly someone that fits your own personal preferences. Culturally, physically, emotionally…”“You fit my personal preferences.”A pause. Pepper’s mouth quirked upwards. “Whether you like it or not—soulmates are a thing, now,” she said, opening a bottle of Champagne and pouring them two glasses. “The people won’t stop believing just because you tell them to.”Tony sighed and swiftly cut around the next corner, balancing out before racing up the street that would finally lead him home.The myth of soulmates had been around for centuries—millennia, even. There were cave paintings, Sumerian stone tablets, medieval tapestries; the whole gig. But only three months ago, they’d given the myth a scientific name—PI, short for Physic Imprint—and named it a valid theory.Soulbonds were something that was supposed to only happen once in lifetime, if at all, and it was that rarity that made them the subject of half the world’s romances and fairytales, as well as the universal obsession with golden eyes. Every movie, every book, every shitty rom-com—the golden flash of eyes was everywhere. It was the literal gold at the end of the rainbow, and now that a couple of scientists claimed to have found evidence for its validity, most people wet their pants at the mere thought of it.Once a person’s eyes met another’s and they flashed golden, it was over.The search.The longing.If you asked him—the whole thing was just a big load of starry-eyed crap. Finding your soulmate was something that only rich people and celebrities could afford. If you had the money, you could play SoulMateRoulette, go on Find-Your-Soulmate-Cruises, or hire a Soulmate Agency. There were new television shows like ‘Bond Me Up’, and ‘Who’s Your Mate?’, and a giant market of soulmate jewellery and clothes. Suddenly, everyone wanted to work as a cashier or a police officer in Time Square, because of the eye contact potential. People were flocking to cities and public gathering places to find love. For three months, it had been like one giant soulmate sale out there and Tony hated everything about it.Given the pressure and stress, most people faked it. Faked having had a soul mate encounter. They’d marry, hide their relationship problems, and struggle to present a happy face to their friends and families. The people, the real people—those who were happily married for decades—never even claimed to be soulmates. And after more than forty years, and a couple of amazing hook-ups with non-soulmates, whose eyes were perfectly brown, green, or blue, Tony was convinced it was all just some stupid-assed conspiracy; some nice fairy-tale to keep the John and Jane Does of this world 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark Endgame
Getting Together
Denial of Feelings
Tony Feels
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Rhodey Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

