Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:
Yes, I started yet another story. I’ve been excited to write this one ever since I got the idea for it. Please keep in mind that this story is mostly about PETER and his relationship with Tony, and that it’s NOT Harley Keener friendly. I’m not saying he’s a “dark” character per se, but he’s a spoiled rich kid obsessing over sabotaging Peter’s relationship.--Edit 10/24/2021: Now that I finished the story some new people read it from start to and end and took their time to tell me how long it was, so here's a "warning": Yes, this story is LONG. It has a lot of plot points. So I guess only read this if you have a lot of time and if you don't mind reading a fic that might be a little more "complicated" than other fics.--Some more background information: Harley is the result of a one-night-stand between Tony and Harley’s mom. When Harley was 16, his mom died and he moved in with Tony, Pepper, and his young half-sister Morgan. Tony and Pepper divorced on good terms when Tony came out as gay a year after Morgan’s birth. Tony’s family, friends, and the public were supportive of Tony coming out.--Kudos to my beta  Gypsywoman13, who also helped me come up with a summary and a title <3

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Taxi-- Oh,  come on! ” Harley curses loudly when yet another cab drives past him without stopping. Although it’s not even rush hour yet, catching a cab from Grand Central Station has turned out to be harder than he thought. Not wanting to have to use the subway, Harley takes out his phone to call Happy.Happy picks up after the fourth ring. “Hey, kiddo,” he says, sounding surprised. “How’re you doing?”“Hey,” Harley says tersely. “Can you pick me up from Grand Central?”“Grand Central?” Happy repeats astonished. “Are you coming home? Tony hasn’t said a thing.”Harley chuckles. “That’s because he doesn’t know yet. I, um, want to surprise him. Can you pick me up?”“Yes, sure… when are you gonna be there?”“I already am. Call me when you’re here, I’m going to grab a coffee. Thanks.”Without waiting for a response, Harley ends the call and walks back into the station. Twenty minutes later he climbs into Happy’s car, asking to be chauffeured to Stark Industries. “Tony has a bunch of appointments until 5:15 p.m., so I don’t know if he has time to receive you,” Happy says, glancing at him in the rearview mirror. Harley shrugs his shoulders. “I’m sure he’ll have a minute to spare for his only son.” Winking, he leans back and takes out his phone to open Instagram, seeing that he has two thousand likes on his coffee post so far… that’s definitely improvable for someone with almost five hundred thousand followers. Sure, some of his followers might only follow him because he’s Tony Stark’s son, but Harley doesn’t care about that too much. Now that he doesn’t have to worry about college anymore - at least not for the time being - he can finally dedicate his time and energy into becoming a successful influencer. Twenty minutes later Harley struts into the lobby of Stark Industries, insisting to walk over to the front desk and greeting some of the employees he’s known for years. When Harley was younger, Tony and him spent half of their father-son-weekends down in the lab to tinker with robots. Once Harley started going to high school, however, he’d rather hang out with his friends than spend all his leisure time with his dad.Approaching Nancy Perkins at the first desk, Harley catches sight of a cute boy standing at the other end of the fifty feet long reception. The boy seems to be laughing over something Theo Gibbins, one of the other employees, said to him before he turns to go straight towards the elevators. Harley doesn’t realize he has been staring after the boy until Nancy clears her throat. “Mr. Keener?”“Hm?” Harley turns to look at her. “Sorry, I-- Do you know who that was?” He jerks his head towards the elevators. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen him around before.”Nancy’s lips curl into a smile. “The boy who was talking to Theo? His name is Peter Parker. He’s an intern. He started working here about… two months ago. He’s a sweet kid.”Harley turns his head to take one last look at the elevators, but the boy -  Peter - is nowhere to be seen anymore. “Can you tell me which department he works in?”“Um… sure,” Nancy says, typing something into her computer. “Oh, yes, R&D.” So he’s working with Quentin… perfect.  “Sweet, thanks.” Harley flashes her a charming smile. After exchanging a few words with the desk clerks, Harley takes the elevator all the way up to the management floor. Natasha Romanoff, Tony’s personal assistant, tells him that his father’s next appointment is scheduled for 3:30 p.m.“Great, thanks,” Harley says, moving towards his father’s office. Twenty minutes will be enough...“He still said he doesn’t want to be disturbed.”“I’m sure that doesn’t apply to me.” Ignoring Natasha’s outraged expression, Harley reaches out to grab t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker (one-sided)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Parent Tony Stark
Harley Keener is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Sex Tapes
Unrequited Love
Jealousy
Age Difference
Power Imbalance
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Peter Parker
Anal Sex
Dom/sub Undertones
Social Media
Stalking
Daddy Kink
Sub Peter Parker
Kidnapping
Captivity
Older Man/Younger Man
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Gaslighting

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker (one-sided)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

