Work Text:
Up until about two hours ago, Charles had thought Azazel Kozlov and Janos Quested were perfectly nice and agreeable gentlemen. He was thrilled to be attending their wedding and witnessing their marriage. After spending  those two hours listening to the repetitive, obnoxious noise the two of them consider "music," he's revising that opinion.Charles isn't normally hard to please. He's a bit of a musical plebeian, to be honest--he's spent more than his fair share of time at clubs, dancing to the type of popular music that makes Erik roll his eyes, but even he has his limits. They'd done a string of songs that had him on the dance floor at the beginning of the night, but then it switched to some sort of electronic something and now there's a headache brewing right at the top of his forehead and threatening to drip downward. All he really wants is a slow song--just one--so he can drag Erik onto the dance floor again. It's a wedding and he's here with his boyfriend and, perhaps, feeling a little soppy.He sighs heavily with relief when the pulsating rhythm of the "song" that's been playing, impossibly, for forty minutes, fades into something softer and more familiar. He spies Erik standing by the bar, sipping a martini and chatting with a co-worker, and gets to his feet. Erik looks almost sinful. It really shouldn't be allowed for him to go into public like that, the neat, sharp lines of his suit emphasizing his build, the dark purple tie pulled out of his steel grey waistcoat and hanging open around his neck.He doesn't entirely mean to project, and maybe he's not--maybe Erik's just attuned to him without the psychic influence, because as Charles approaches, Erik puts his drink on the bar and excuses himself from his conversation."Dance with me?" Charles asks, holding out a hand as Erik walks over, casual, loose, with his hands in his pockets."Always," Erik says. "Besides, it's unlikely we'll get another chance, given the crap the DJ's been playing all night.""It started off fine," Charles says as they cross to the dance floor. They fall into step easily, Charles' hand pressing to the small of Erik's back as Erik takes the other hand in his own and presses it against his shoulder, They move with the music, some bland pop ballad that Charles doesn't recognize but relates to embarrassingly as the singer croons about how she's never felt this way about anyone before. "They opened rather strong, I thought."Erik snorts. "Of course you would think that. You were certainly quick to run out there and make a fool out of yourself.""Shush," Charles says, wrinkling his nose. "You couldn't keep your eyes off me. And you joined me!""You forced me," Erik grumbles, though Charles knows that's not entirely true. Erik has never in two years turned Charles down when he's asked to dance."You can't not dance to 'Bad Romance' when it's playing at a wedding, Erik," Charles informs him. "It's a rule.""A rule?" Erik asks."A wedding rule," Charles clarifies. "Like tapping your glass with a fork to make the couple kiss or not wearing a white dress.""Well, they seem to quickly have spiraled out from your rules and into..." Erik gestures around the room, though the techno beat has long since dissipated."At least we know who not to hire for our wedding," Charles says."Honestly. Maybe I'm just getting old, but I swear they've had the same song on loop for at least an hour," he says. "Maybe we should just hire a band.""No band," Charles says with a mock shudder. "If we hire a band we're limited to their repertoire. I had a friend from university who hired a band when she got married and the band didn't even know their wedding song. They had the first dance to something else.""Well," Erik says, "I hope we'd be smart enough not to hire a band who doesn't know our song.""Still," Charles says. "DJ. More potential for variety.""Theoretically," Erik says. "There certainly hasn't been much variety here."Charles can only hum in agreement, delighted as the song fades into another quiet, slow tune. "Better now," he says, and Erik gives him a crooked half-smile."And there's an open bar," Erik says. "We're definitely keeping the open bar.""There was never any doubt in my mind," Charles agrees. "The food could be better, but I suppose there were only so many options on such short notice.""Thankfully," Erik says, "our engagement will be longer than two weeks.""Much longer," Charles says. "Nothing wrong with a nice, long engagement." They've discussed it already, their plans for the future, in a level of detail that makes Charles feel more secure than a proposal would. Now that they can get married, they most certainly will get married, but not until things settle. Erik's starting a new job at Stark Industries in a few weeks, and it makes sense to move closer to Manhattan. When Charles first rented their current flat, it was the perfect space for a single, twenty-one year old who was trying to start his own business. With the addition of Erik, four y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Domestic
Kid Fic
Weddings
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe
Big Bang Challenge
Established Relationship
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

