Chapter 1: Stark Tower
    




Chapter Text
"Damn it!" I groaned. The painting I was working on wasn't turning out how I wanted it to. I had already spent 3 days on it and it still didn't look right. The colors weren't looking how I wanted them to. I looked at the clock, 12:46am. I was taking an art class and this was supposed to be my submission for the final project. It was due in less than 2 days. Maybe I should start over. I was trying to paint a Christmas scene. Two kids unwrapping presents under the Christmas tree while their parents sat next to the fire watching and drinking coffee. The family dog laid in the middle of the rug watching the children happily. It was supposed to be a more textured painting, so the layers of paint took longer to dry. I sighed and turned back to the drawing board. I needed to pick out different colors and see if they went well together before paining again. I stared down at my color wheel. The art class I was taking wasn't for a grade. I took it because I wanted to learn more about art. My actual degree was in something completely different. Art was just my hobby. I got really into it at a young age. I started with a more comic book style, since I loved comics. Spider-Man was my favorite growing up. When I got older, Deadpool became a close second. My love of comic books and manga was what got me into art in the first place. I would get an idea in my head, a picture, or a storyline, and had to get it out and on paper. Sometimes, when I got frustrated with how a comic ended, I would rewrite it with my own ending. As I stared at the colors on my color wheel, I started to get a headache. I put it down and stood from my desk. I walked over to my couch and sat down. I needed to clear my mind to help with the art block, so I turned on the TV and turned Disney+ on. I went to the Marvel tab and clicked on it. Scrolling through the movies, I came across the first avengers. It had been awhile since I watched it, so I clicked on it. The familiar opening sounded and I relaxed into the couch. I grabbed a blanket and a pillow and laid down. I watched for about 20 minutes before I felt my eyelids start to close. My head was starting to get foggy as sleep called for me. I slowly gave in and let sleep consume me.When I woke up, I was freezing. I felt a strong breeze and felt like I was falling. I opened my eyes and saw the sky above me. What the hell? I definitely fell asleep inside. I looked around and saw that I was, in fact, falling. I was extremely high in the air and was plummeting to the city below. Wait, city? Where the hell am I? I started to panic as I flipped through the air. I closed my eyes as I got closer to the ground. I waited for pain, but none came. Instead, I felt something catch me. It was cold and extremely strong. I was scared to open my eyes, so I kept them closed until I felt myself stop moving."Well that was unexpected." I heard a familiar voice say. I slowly opened my eyes and saw that I was being held by a giant suit of metal. My eyes widened as I stared at it. "So, can you explain to me how you fell from the sky?" A voice said to my right. I turned my head to see Tony freaking Stark, or someone who was a dead ringer for the actor at least. He had Ironman's arm on and was pointing his palm at me. "I'm going to ask one more time, how did you just appear from nothing and fall from the sky?" He asked again. I didn't know what to say. I didn't even know if I could speak. I just continued to stare. "Suit yourself." He said and charged up his palm. Fear shot through me and I covered my head."I-I-I don't know!" I yelled. "I don't know!" I started crying softly. I could feel myself shaking and on the verge of a panic attack. My breathing got shaky and the world became muffled."Alright, calm down." I heard the man say. "What's your name, kid?" It was hard to hear him over my pulse in my ears, but I was able to make it out."S-Sammee." I told him."Well Sammee, that was a hell of an entrance." He said. "So what mystical land are you from?""I live in North Carolina." I said in a shaky voice. "But I'm originally from Chicago." I finally lifted my head to look at him. He was standing a good 15 feet away from me. He was still in a defensive position and looked at me like I was a threat."You're human? You came out of a portal in the sky and you're human. Damn, I really wanted to kick some alien ass." He groaned. "Let her down." He said and the suit holding me lowered me down so I could stand."How... how did..." I pointed to the suit and turned back to look at him. It was an Ironman suit, but it was grey instead of red."Oh, you like it? I made it. It listens to me and only me, unless I give permission to somebody else." The man said. "I'm Tony Stark by the way." I looked between him and the suit."No," I said, "there's no way. It... it's not possible." Tony laughed and took a few steps forward."Oh, it's definitely possible. You just have to be smart enough to make it happen, luckil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Smut
Eventual Smut
Fluff and Smut
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Original Character(s)
Lokitty
Kinks
Wrong World
shifting reality
Teleportation
Flirting
BDSM
Enthusiastic Consent
Aftercare
Humor
Angst
So much angst
Asgard (Marvel)
First Love
seriously chapters 50 through 65 are rough
Thor: The Dark World
Dark Elves
the kursed
Marvel Norse Lore
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Old Norse
Æsir
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Iron Man 3

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

