Chapter 1





Chapter Text

You were on the first day of your heat. It was - as usual, the hardest one to go through. You locked yourself in your room and will only be disturbed if it was your grumbling stomach or if you managed to pull yourself out of your heat-filled trance. And when you do, you find yourself cooking up instant noodles or warming up leftovers.
 
You just got home from the cafe you were working at. They let you go home early because you felt the familiar tell-tales of your impending heat. It was that time when an uncomfortable warmth would spread throughout your entire body and your core would ache endlessly - begging to be filled. Your hair would stick to your face because of your sweat and you would walk around your apartment naked. 
 
So just before your heat fully let itself known, you drew yourself a bath with your favorite scents. You stripped yourself bare and sat yourself down in the tub. You let yourself be surrounded by the sweet aromas and let your eyes rest. Stuck in your own mind you ran your hands all over your body to clean yourself, letting out a soft moan as your hands laid on your tender breast. 
 
Your hands only traveled mindlessly south from there. Giving your sensitive clit an experimental flick, your body arched from the water and you couldn’t help the loud whimper that escaped your mouth. 
 
The heat was now fully settling. The water was turning cold against your bare skin and you took this as a sign to dry your body. Standing up, you stepped away from the bath and wrapped yourself with a robe. Not bothering to get dressed since you knew what was about to come - 

not myself for sure

, you thought with an eye roll. 
 
Whenever in heat, you had a hard time getting yourself off. Unless you were really, really, 

really

 turned on – which was very rare. Although you had toys, you have never orgasmed from them – only briefly relieved from the ache for a few moments before it would return with a sharp ache and a fresh flood of slick trailing down your thighs. 
 
With this in mind, you remembered one of the things your fellow omega and best friend told you. "Try watching Alpha porn videos. Maybe you'll find your type of tea there." You had no idea how the two of you got onto the topic, but with your impending heat, you just took any advice that you can get. 
 
So that's what you’re doing now, on your bed lying on your stomach with a laptop in front of you. Hesitatingly searching for videos. You connected your earphones to your laptop and wore them as you clicked on a video.
 
It was an alpha male fucking an omega female. Surprising yourself, you were more turned on by the moans of the woman. You found it softer and alluring to the ears more than the man’s grunts and groans. With a certain category in mind, you searched for something.
 

Female alphas. 

 
That's when you found a whole new world. One that was unknown to you but one that you were willing to venture into. Clicking on the very first video, which had half a million views and a high rating of 90%, You blushed at the very familiar woman sitting on a couch wearing just shorts and a sports bra. The video had the title of, “Helping my Omega through their heat.” 
 
Before you played the video you viewed the comments, eager to know what was it about the woman made a lot of watchers favor her. You were curious because the woman in the video was one of the frequent customers you had in the cafe you work for. From the moment the red-head alpha walked inside of the cafe, you felt an intense attraction for her. At first, you thought you were only intrigued but after the alpha’s frequent visits and your playful - almost flirty - banter with her, you found yourself crushing on the woman.
 
You knew her name, 

Natasha

. It always felt right rolling off your own mouth as you shouted the name to give the Alpha her order. It was a name you wrote on a cup of americano multiple times already. Her scent was a welcomed one, unlike the other betas or alphas. Even though you only caught a whiff of her scent, it calmed you down infinitely and it smelled intoxicating  You read through the comments and your cheeks were heating up at some of them. And maybe you felt a tinge of jealousy too. 
 

‘Thank you for this, Alpha.’



‘Wish you could knot me in real life daddy.’



‘Begging for ur knot xx’

 
The alpha diligently replied to some of the comments. You read the name of her profile, 

DaddyBlackWidow. 

The omega moaned out the word, ‘Daddy’ and it felt right - too right on your mouth. The ache between your legs let itself known as the woman in the paused video was staring right at you. You flushed - either from your heat or embarrassment, you were uncertain. With trembling hands, you played the video. 
 

“How have you been, baby?” 

You paused the video, you were already turned on merely from her voice. You had such a strong urge to answer out loud but you felt too embarrassed. Instead, you played the video once again. 
 

“Let
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
natasha romanov/you

freeform: 
pure sin
sin - Freeform
Daddy Kink
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Girl Penis
ABO
Omega Verse
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Omega Reader
G!P Natasha
Breeding
Kink
Kinky
Dildos
Best Friend Wanda
Boss tony
Dirty Talk
Possessive Behavior
Cafe AU
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn Video
Praise Kink
Breeding Kink
probably a lot more
idk - Freeform
enjoy
Knotting
Car Sex
DDLG
daddy - Freeform
Daddy Natasha

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
natasha romanov/you

