Chapter 1: Harry Potter and the Dilemma of Red-heads
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 
UNDISCLOSED LOCATION
(lets be real- it's just in the basement of the Avenger's Tower)  Well this was Awkward... Harry looked around the room unimpressed. It was made up of white and steel and lacked the embellishment needed nowadays to make him fearful. Harry didn't want to be disrespectful to those holding him captive and was kind enough not to mention that Snape's Potions Lab was more terrifying than all of this.Harry let out another pitiful sigh- he was so bored, he'd been here forever.The bland looking man- call me Agent Coulson, standing in front of where Harry sat, handcuffed to the steel interrogation table, gave an almost unnoticeable twitch of his left eye. Harry had been getting quite a lot of those out of this man. 'Look, Mr Agent,' Harry drawled, another of those lovely twitches coming out from his nickname, 'I don't know what you and your unreasonably attractive associates think I've done,' he shuffled slightly to the right so that he could make approximate eye-contact with the two people standing behind the glass and wink, 'but I haven't done anything illegal.' He finished, settling back in his seat. ' Breaking and Entering is very much so.' Mr Agent retorted, leaning onto the table with his fingertips and generally making Harry slightly cagey at someone being so close.Harry lifted up his right hand as much as the handcuffs allowed him to, 'Okay well, firstly, it's not breaking and entering if the nice lady told you to go there.''Ah yes, the "red-head who looks like she could kill you with stilettos and take over the world in an hour"?' Coulson clarified.Harry nodded, his shoulder length hair getting in his eyes as he did so- Sirius had pouted when Remus suggested they cut it, stating that he looked like a mini-him and Harry had agreed as it hadn't really acted as much as a reminder of the place where it had been allowed to grow into such a state. Honestly he thought it was pretty cool to have something which made Sirius and him look more like a family.'She was really cool, reminded me a bit of my friend.' He said grinning, reminiscing about all the times he'd been threatened violently for moving something out of place- often when Harry had been looking for his glasses.The Agent hummed under his breath, ' Agent Romanov, could you please enter the room?' He said, raising his voice slightly so he could be heard.Mr Agent stepped back slightly and folded his hands in front of him as a woman with red hair and a slightly dangerous aura entered. She gave him a cold stare and Harry raised his eyebrows in response. Don't get him wrong, she was definitely a threat but he was under no illusion that he could very much the her on- without magic. 'Is this the woman who told you to enter the Avenger's common room?' Mr Agent said and that annoyingly smooth voice of him.'No?' Harry said incredulously. 'I've never met her in my life.' The room went silent, the Agent and her Handler both slightly stumped at what to do. When they first met the kid, he'd been standing in a corner of the common room. This wouldn't be cause for the reaction they'd had, except Clint and Phil had recognised the soldier's stance the kid held.Someone who stood in such a way, along with him constantly looking around the room, as if he was waiting to get in trouble, did not make a good image. Combined with the issue of the kid seemingly describing Natasha- when she hadn't been in the building all day, did not bode well. Of course, Clint had signed Friday to take a picture of the kid and send it to Nat, asking if she'd seen him before because Clint was not risking pissing off a guest of Nat and she did have an odd habit of adopting dangerous things. She hadn't.And okay, maybe the handcuffs weren't necessary to detain what looked like a fourteen year old- but he was such a little shit. Before either adult could take another breath, Mrs Pepper Potts burst into the room looking panicked.'Would either of you two like to explain why Friday told me my guest was currently being held in an interrogation room?' She said fuming, tapping her heel and making the terrifying Black Widow take a subtle step behind her Handler. Silence reigned in the room, whilst the sixteen year old boy gave a smirk which for some reason reminded everyone of someone, they just can't put their hands on who...Behind the mirror, Agent Barton was recording the whole thing and laughing hysterically. The only thing worse than taking Natasha's scary thing- taking Peppers.God he loved his job.'You know him...' Phil realised, silently offering prayers up for pissing off the nicest person he knew.'Very much so.' She replied shortly. Narrowing her eyes with a look that promised she'd find unnecessary paperwork for him to do. Shit.'But Pepper,' Phil stuttered, 'he was on the Avenger's floor.' He said, looking imploringly at her, ' Only Av
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
Draco Malfoy/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Harry Potter
Wanda Maximoff & Harry Potter
Avengers Team & Harry Potter

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Abused Harry Potter
Azkaban
Harry Potter is Tony Stark's Child
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Harry Potter Has PTSD
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Avengers
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Angst
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Domestic Avengers
Uncle Nick Fury
they don't immediately become family
but they will love each other so damn much at the end
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
BAMF Harry Potter
Slow Burn
it wasn't supposed to be and I'm very disappointed with myself
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Sirius Black Lives

fandom: 
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
Draco Malfoy/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Harry Potter
Wanda Maximoff & Harry Potter
Avengers Team & Harry Potter

