Chapter 1: How It Is
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

When Steve got home and found the living room empty, he sighed and marched his way down to the lab with the intention of dragging his husband out to dinner.  The man had been spending an inordinate amount of time working on a self-proclaimed personal project.  He could only assume that it had something to do with the Iron Man armor but whatever it was, he was sure it could wait.  It was Friday night, they’d not spend any amount of real time together in days and he was frustrated.  
 
The moment the automatic sliding doors slid open, Steve took a deep breath in advance of the long speech he’d been practicing in his head for the entirety of his walk there.  Yet before he could utter a single word,  he realized that Tony wasn’t buried knee-deep in any kind of hardware, nor was he manipulating any sort of holographic schematics.  He was just sitting there, with his feet kicked up onto a desk watching YouTube.  He, once again, opened his mouth to say something but apparently, the huff of annoyance that had come from him realizing that his husband was hiding in his lab to play on the internet,  had already gotten the man’s attention.  
 
“Have you heard about this kid?”  Tony asked without ever taking his eyes off of the screen.  
 
Steve approached slowly and looked carefully at the person in the center of the frame where Tony had paused it.  When he thought about it, he was nearly certain he’d heard something about the appearance of a rather unusual vigilante roaming the area but he’d written it off as nothing more than some exaggerated gossip.  “How do you know it’s a kid?” he asked because whoever it was, they were covered from head to toe and he couldn’t figure out how anyone could properly estimate someone's age based on nothing more than a body type.
 
“Because no self-respecting adult would be seen out in public wearing goggles and a bright red and blue sweatsuit with a spider drawn across it.  In Sharpie,” Tony replied, before finally turning to look at his husband. “-also he only seems to be active between the hours of three in the afternoon and eleven on school nights,” he added with a smirk.
 
The room remained quiet for several seconds as Steve crossed his arms over his chest and surveyed the man in front of him with scrutiny  “So what you’re telling me is that you have, admittedly, been stalking a child,” he stated more so than questioned.  The evidence was already there.  If Tony had figured out the poor kid’s schedule, then there was no telling what else he’d learned in the process.  
 
“I’m not stalking.  I’m interested.   Besides, his skill set might come in handy one day.  Just look at him,” Tony defended before restarting the video and waving his hand excitedly towards the action.   “He just caught a moving car with his bare hands!” he exclaimed once the clip had ended.   “Sue me for being intrigued.”
 
Steve sighed in defeat.  Even he couldn't deny that the kid had talent but it sounded like Tony was interested in something more than just analyzing a few videos and that was oddly concerning.   “How far do you plan on going with this- ‘interest,’” he cautiously inquired.
 
“I’ve just about got it narrowed down,” Tony said, pulling up a map with various colored pins and several scattered notes around it.   What would look like clutter to anyone else made perfect sense to him and he easily zoomed in on the exact place that he was sure held the last piece of the puzzle.  Midtown High School of Science and Technology.  “I plan on meeting him.”
 
For several seconds, Steve just stood there trying to process what he’d just heard.  When he was unable to make full sense of it, he sighed and threw his arms up in the air in defeat.  “You realize that this is crazy, right?” he asked with mild concern.  “That you, tracking down someone who's obviously trying to keep their identity a secret is absolutely crazy- and probably illegal if he’s really as young as you’re making him out to be.”
 
“Look, I’m not going to write his name in the newspapers or anything.  I just want to talk.  Figure out what makes him tick,” Tony said, tapping his finger up against the side of his head.  “I want to know what it is that motivates some random, mutant teenager to spend hours at a time playing cops and robbers with the petty thieves of Queens.”
 
Steve hummed a neutral response and then sighed heavily.  “I’m guessing that there's nothing that I could say or do to stop you from pursuing this, is there,” he asked in complete resignation.  
 
“Sorry, Dear, I’m afraid I’m already locked in,” Tony replied with a sweet smile and a tilt of his head.
 
“Well, can you at least promise me that you won’t do anything impetuous?” Steve practically begged, even though he knew that it was pointless.  When Tony got an idea, he ran with it and there wasn’t a single person in the world that could stop him.
 
“Sure,”  Tony repl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Homeless Peter Parker
Homelessness
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Break
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Smart Peter Parker
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Sick Peter Parker
Alternate Universe
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Adoption
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Domestic Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Misunderstandings
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Steve Rogers Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Platonic Cuddling

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

