Chapter 1: Running Out of Lies
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark reclined at his desk, feet up and chair tilted back, looking utterly relaxed.  If it wasn’t for the masked man in green hovering beside him on some sort of glider, it would have been the same as any other Thursday night.
“Alright.  Just so I can react appropriately: am I being held hostage because I’m a billionaire, because I’m a genius, or because Captain America’s my husband?”
His captor said nothing, but managed to give the impression of sneering even though his mask was in the way.
Tony heaved a sigh.  Great, the silent broody type.  Those were no fun.  If he had been the monologuing, “share my evil plan” variety of villain, at least Tony would have had some entertainment while he tried to figure out a way to get to the armor in his suitcase. Without being impaled by the rather impressive retractable spikes affixed to the bottom of the glider, that was.
Still, the tech the guy had was impressive.  No match for the armor, to be sure, but at least the engineering side of his brain would have something pretty to look at while he waited for his opening.  An opening he was going to have to make for himself, from the looks of things.
“Listen, can you give me a sense of how long this is going to take?  Steve’s in Europe on Avengers business, so if we’re waiting on him it’ll be awhile, and I’d like to let Peter know if I’m going to be late for dinner.”  Silence again, though it felt more anticipatory this time around.  “Do you mind if I text?  I’m going to text.”
Tony slid his Starkphone out of his pocket and began to type only to find himself face to face with a pike-like object.
“Oookay.  No texting.  Got it.  You could have just said so.  Just because you’re holding me against my will  it’s no reason to be uncivil.”
The so-called “Green Goblin”, at least according to the local papers, snatched the phone from Tony’s hand. If it weren’t for the three-pronged weapon still positioned uncomfortably close to his face, Tony would have used the distraction to go for the briefcase resting against the wall by the door some two yards away.
“Come on,” Tony pleaded.  “Let me call my kid and tell him I’m going to be late for dinner.  Have a heart, Goblin.  You had a Dad once.  Or didn’t you?” Tony asked, cocking his head sidewise, putting as much sarcasm in his tone as possible.  “Did Daddy not love you?”  He made an exaggerated sad-face in the Goblin’s direction, ignoring the inner voice that sounded suspiciously like Steve when it told him villain-baiting was a pastime best indulged in costume.  “Is that why you run around in that armor terrorizing people?”
The Goblin pressed a few buttons before holding the phone up.  “Peter?” He crooned in a disturbing sing-song.  “Your Daddy wanted me to call and let you know he’s going to be a little late for dinner.  He’s been…held up at the office.”  The Goblin paused, listening, before letting out a truly unhinged cackle and hanging up the phone.
Tony didn’t like that at all.  The most the villain had engaged was while on the phone with his son, and that was not okay.  Peter kept the last name Parker for several reasons.  One of them was so he didn’t walk around with a giant target painted on his back. Which he would have had, every time he told someone he shared his last name with a superhero and a billionaire.  Well, two superheroes, but no-one outside the Avengers was supposed to know that.
He had to get the masked man refocused, and he had to do it now.  “So…what’s the plan here?  Come on, Goblin.  This isn’t my first rodeo.  There’s got to be something you’re after.”
The Goblin ignored him.
His question was answered soon enough in a very dramatic fashion.  A figure in red and blue spandex  swung through the windows of Tony’s office before ordering the Green Goblin to release Tony.
“Spiderman?” Tony inquired incredulously.  “You’ve been boring me to death for the past half-hour to lure out Spiderman?  How does that even make sense?  Iron Man, fine.  Captain America, completely understandable.  But Spiderman?  Really?”
Spidey’s head twitched in his direction before his attention refocused where it should be – on the insane guy with the bombs and the mask.
“Do you want to tell him, little spider, or should I?” The Goblin cooed, and Tony felt the beginnings of a revelation forming in the back of his head. 
Spiderman visibly tensed, and the Goblin let out a familiar maniacal laugh before running a hand down Tony’s cheek.  It took every ounce of self-control Tony had not to let out a disbelieving, derisive scoff.  Really?  Really?  They were going to play that game?
The hand continued downward, until it rested firmly against Tony’s arc reactor.
“Tell me, my little spider, what do you think will happen to the device that keeps him alive if I run 10,000 volts through it, hmm?”
“Jack shit,” Tony responded angrily.  This was just getting ridiculous.  “You honestly think I would design it with an obvious flaw like that?”
Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker

freeform: 
AU
Family
Alternate Universe - Family
Secrets
Secret Identity
Adoption

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker

