Chapter 1: when it crumbles
    


Summary:

The Death of a Universe.





Chapter Text

Earth-199999: March 2018
Tony felt absolutely numb as he watched Thanos disappear from Titan.He should be standing up. Trying to gather everyone once more, ready for another try, ready to fight again. He was an Avenger, wasn’t he? The Avengers never gave up. They were in charge of saving the world Universe. That was their job.But he couldn’t muster the strength. All of his fear, all of his anxiety it was just... gone.They had lost.He wanted to laugh, but there was nothing funny about what had just happened.For six years, Tony Stark had known what was coming. For six years he had tried to rally Earth, to ready everyone for what he knew was coming. For six years he had played Cassandra, and no one had heard him. No one had listened to him, no one had believed him.But he was right. He had been right all along, but he felt no pleasure at the knowledge.He shouldn’t despair; the Avengers were trying to protect Vision, and Thor was en route to Earth with a ‘Thanos killing weapon’, according to Quill. He shouldn’t give up already, he should trust in the Avengers.But he couldn’t. Because Thanos controlled five out of six of the aspects of the Universe, he controlled  Time  itself. He controlled  Power. Reality. Space. Soul. And Earth had Vision with a Mind stone he had never known exactly what ro do with.Even if the Avengers managed to destroy the Mind stone - and that was a big if - he had spoken to Strange as they were journeying towards Titan. The mess in Hong Kong, with the portal and the destruction that, between a blink and another had undone itself was apparently  his doing. Which meant that if Strange could do that with an entire city block - literally bring people back to life - a rock of immense power that wouldn’t destroy that easily would be a piece of cake for Thanos to turn time on.Thanos had destroyed Thor’s people while he was carrying the Power Stone alone, a race of perceived  gods.He had wiped the floor with them when he had four stones.Now he controlled five, and unless Vibranium had some anti Infinity Stones properties, Thanos was going against a warrior army with vibranium weapons, several enhanced humans, two supersoldiers, an Asgardian he had already beat before, two baseline military trained humans outfitted with Stark Tech, a Russian spy, a powerful but untrained witch and an android with an Infinity Stone in his forehead. Who was going to win?  asked a voice that sounded suspiciously like Harley’s.  A literal army fighting for their lives or a purple man with five shiny space rocks? “Tony,” came a voice, and Tony slowly blinked back to awareness. His ears were tingling, and grey eyes were staring at him, wide and slightly panicked. “Are you with me? You need to listen to me.”His hands were on each of Tony’s cheek, and were trembling ever so slightly. Tony fought to find the anger he should feel at this man who gave up humanity for him.But all he felt was exhaustion. “Why would you do that? You promised... you  promised.”Strange’s thumb caressed his cheek with a gentleness that Tony felt didn’t belong there. They were basically - ah! - strangers, but seeing the way he held him, you’d think otherwise.“I lied,” told him the other man, and there was heartbreak in his eyes. Pain. “When I said we won in one future, I lied.” Tony’s breath caught in his throat as Strange offered him a bittersweet smile. “We don’t win. We didn’t have enough time.”Tony pulled back slightly, and Strange’s hands left his cheeks. He looked at where Peter was standing a little apart from them, not listening in but clearly wanting to. The Guardians seemed frozen in their defeat and the blue android/alien who had informed Quill of the Gamora chick’s death was standing a little apart from them, staring at nothing.He looked back at Strange. “We’re doomed,” he said, and still he felt... nothing. If he pushed more he could sense some sort of grief in himself but other than that? He felt nothing.“We  didn’t have enough  time,” emphasised Strange. “This Universe is doomed. Thanos will snap his fingers. And then he will destroy the Infinity Stones so that no one would be able to undo what he has done.”Tony looked at him sharply. “If the stones that represent the aspects that govern our Universe are gone...”“Then our Universe will cease to exist,” finished Strange. “But not the Multiverse.”He made a gesture with his hands, and a mandala much more complex than the ones he had used against Thanos flared between his fingers. Even though he knew nothing of magic or the mystic arts, Tony recognised it as the one Strange had been working on after his trip to the future and as they waited for Thanos to arrive. It turned itself into a small leather bracelet with a beige circle pendant containing an orange butterfly in the middle. “What is that?” he questioned, frowning as Strange handed it to him.“A second chance,” he said. “May I?”Tony looked between
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Time Travel
starts right before the snap
Alternate Universe
Multiverse
Sister Realities
Reincarnation
Kinda
Do-Over
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
well they are together in the first chapter
Temporary Character Death
Soul travel
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Infinity Stones
Male-Female Friendship
Worldbuilding
Moral Ambiguity
Dubious Morality
Moral Dilemmas
Grief/Mourning
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Female Tony Stark
Female Tony
Mental Breakdown
Maria Stark's Good Parenting
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Sharon Carter & Tony Stark are cousins
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne Friendship
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange Friendship
The Tesseract (Marvel)
Captain Marvel (2019) Spoilers
Peggy Carter is Tony Stark's Godparent
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

