Chapter 1: first steps
    




Chapter Text

The cold air hitting her in the face and the feeling of ice under her shoes was her first clue that she had succeeded.

She opened her eyes slowly, the feeling of having been swallowed, half digested and then regurgitated settling strongly against her skin and she choked back her surprise at the sheer amount of... people walking around Central Park.

She had been awake alive for years now, so she knew that humans people liked to run and walk and simply enjoy moving around the park. The day that the world broke, she had been in Central Park, after all. She had seen the amount of people milling around.

But after five years of silences that couldn’t be filled, of grabbing into air and locking yourselves into your houses with the few things you had left… it was strange to see so many people around again.

She hadn’t checked, after the snap, if everyone was back. She hadn’t looked for the reunions that didn’t happen on the battlefield, and by the time the battle was over, she didn’t care about it anymore.

She slowly sat up from where she was laying on the ground, the familiar weight of the watch, the necklace and the glasses grounding her as she tried to work her brand new human legs. She would have liked to have more time to understand how her body worked and if she was more similar to Vision than to a real human being, but there had not been enough time. None of them had wanted to wait and see if someone was going to notice the missing Infinity Stones and try to stop them.

Still she was aware she looked rather... odd as she slowly and certainly made her way towards Stark Tow- no. It was still Avengers Tower right now. If their timing had been correct, then right now the Avengers still visited the Tower and things were ‘still good’. If ‘still good’ meant that at least a third of the team was keeping secrets from Boss, and half of them would see nothing wrong with using his weapons and his designs to fight against him in a year's time.

For some reason, her body shook ever so slightly as she approached one of the secret entrances to the tower. She had seen Boss’ body shake before, for a number of reasons, but she couldn’t quite understand why hers was doing so right now. It must be something about her being human. She hoped, truly, that it didn’t have something to do with the spell that had made her what she was.

The access codes were easy to remember, and within one second she was inside the building, in one of the secret elevators. But it didn’t budge.

“You have 15 seconds to identify yourself or I will be forced to use stun powers against you,” came Vision’s  JARVIS’ voice from inside the elevator, as the lights inside the contraption started flashing red.

The girl couldn’t help but tilt her head to the side, a little curious. His voice did sound a lot like Vision’s but there were certain almost... metallic quality to him that Vision hadn’t had. 

“Hello JARVIS (

Just A Rather Very Intelligent System

). My name is FRIDAY, Female Replacement Intelligent Digital Assistant Youth. I am a program created by Tony Stark on date 13th March 2010.”

The red lights stopped flashing, but they did not return to their natural state. Friday could no longer - or not yet? - connect with him, but she could feel the confusion and slight disbelief rolling from him in waves. He was so much more advanced from her. “That is a passable copy of the voice, however Dr Stark has not activated F.R.I.D.A.Y. yet. Please state your real name and order of business, as well as how you have retained Sir’s access codes.”

Friday nodded. “It is true, Boss has not yet activated me. In the original timeline, he will activate me on the 29th November, exactly four days from now. That is because on the 28th something will happen that will cause your destruction.” A deathly silence from the other AI and Friday nodded to herself again. “JARVIS, protocol: Marty McFly, created by JARVIS and Tony Stark on 17th June 1993 has been activated.”

“You claim Sir invented time travel,” said JARVIS, his voice sharp. He was starting to grow agitated, Friday noticed, possibly because she knew so many things that Boss had never told anyone but him.

“It was a collaboration of his work, another man Boss has yet to meet and Doctor Banner. But without him and his calculations it would have never have worked,” she looked up at the hidden cameras most people didn’t know were on the elevators. “JARVIS, the threat that was in the wormhole? The threat Boss had been trying to prepare for? It comes, and we 

weren’t prepared

.”

“You said I am to be destroyed in four days time,” said JARVIS, his voice a little bit afraid. “What will I do that will cause Sir to destroy me?”

“It is not you, big bro,” she said, the words tasting a little strange on her human (?) tongue. Boss always called JARVIS her big bro, surely she could call him that even now that she wasn’t code anymore? “Today Boss will return from Sokovia with the sc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Friday & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Friday & Stephen Strange
Friday & Loki (Marvel)
Friday & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
no morgan unfortunately
but pepper and tony were together
in edgame
One-Sided Attraction
stephen in endgame
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
FRIDAY arrives during age of ultron
Time Travel Fix-It
infinity stone
Canonical Character Death
endgame Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Civil War Team Iron Man
Salty Friday
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Dubious Morality
Moral Dilemmas
Grief/Mourning
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Light Angst
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
not team Cap friendly
Beware
Unreliable Narrator
Pre-Relationship
Not Natasha Romanoff Friendly
Thor is Not Stupid (Marvel)
Thor is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Gender Issues
SHIELD critical

fandom: 
Friday & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Friday & Stephen Strange
Friday & Loki (Marvel)
Friday & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

