Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve and Tony were always on time-- well... most  times they were on time. Unless one of them initiated...  something before they were leaving.But that had only been once because when they walked into family dinner late, and Tony couldn't hide his new hickey. Their family gave them shit for it all night. And to clarify, their family wasn't their blood family. No one at the table really had much family left besides each other. Natasha and Bucky were usually on time because Bucky was never late to anything. Especially after his time in the military. Wanda and Vision weren't late, even with Wanda seven months pregnant with twins. Clint and Laura were most always late, until they just started hosting their weekly dinner at their house instead of changing every week. It was much easier than trying to get his three kids ready and out of the house. Their single friends: Rhodey and Sam were there earlier than asked, usually to help with food or setting the table. Tonight though, it was Steve and Tony that were late. The first time in months, let it be known. "They're gonna have our asses for this," Tony whispered as he got to the door. Steve rolled his eyes as he shifted the cupcakes he baked from one hand to the other. They had dessert, just like they usually always did. Everyone loved Steve’s baking. "Just don't look anyone in the eyes. Maybe they'll see I made cupcakes and forgive us." "Let's hope, babe," Tony said before opening the door and stepping inside. Steve followed after. The living room was like a minefield of toys as they avoided breaking any. Nathaniel loved crawling ever since he learned and left a trail behind him. "Look who finally arrived," Sam announced as they walked into the dining room. "Probably sucking each other's faces off in the car and lost track of the time," Rhodey added with a chuckle. "That's not the only thing we were sucking," Tony said a little too loud. Steve felt his cheeks burn red as he walked back into the dining room after dropping the cupcakes in the kitchen."Oh, come on Tony!" Rhodey yelled as he failed to contain a laugh. "There's children here!""The children are either too young to understand my words," Tony said, motioning to Nathaniel. "Or they're old enough to know all about it already." "Please do not say that about my daughter," Clint begged. "Just sit down so we can eat before it gets cold," Natasha ordered and everyone always followed her orders.Steve pulled out Tony's chair for him and waited for him to sit before taking his own seat. "Smells delicious." "Stop trying to distract us from the fact that you were both late," Wanda said, waving her finger. "I was running late at work. Sorry," Tony apologized. He slid his hand under the table and placed it on Steve’s thigh. Steve slipped his hand under as well and grabbed his hand to intertwine their fingers. "We get a free pass. You guys are late all the time." "We've got kids," Clint argued. "You don't. Get your own kids and then maybe we'll consider your tardiness." "Can we talk 'bout something else?" Bucky asked gruffly. His knuckles were white against the beer bottle in his hand. Natasha had only a glass of water. "You two trying again?" Steve asked, softly. Natasha nodded her head and Steve’s heart broke for her. They had been trying for over a year now to get pregnant with no luck. "We're trying IVF," Bucky explained with a sigh. "Shots and everything." "Have you thought about surrogacy or adoption?" Wanda suggested. "My brother and his husband had a surrogate for their child." "Maybe if it doesn't work out," Natasha said, though her face was tight. Clint was her best friend, even before Bucky, so he knew her like the back of his hand, and he knew when she needed backup. So he clapped Steve on the back and said, "What about you two?" Steve hated being the center of attention. Because Tony was  his best friend, he knew this. So he answered instead. "What about us, feathers?" "When are you two trying surrogacy?" Clint asked as casual as if he was asking Tony how work was. "Why would we be trying surrogacy?" Tony asked, sounding genuinely confused at the idea. Steve tried to ignore how that made him feel because it wasn’t a good feeling. "Because you've been together the longest out of all of us. And no kiddos." Clint shrugged his shoulders. "Almost 20 years together and nothing." Steve smiled. They had been together since sophomore year of high school. They married after college. He had loved every single second of it, but he'd be lying if he said sometimes he didn't think of raising kids with Tony. They had talked about before-- well, Steve had mentioned it and Tony had brushed it off. Not that he minded. He knew going into this that Tony didn't want kids because of some incredibly inaccurate idea that he would be the same man his father was. Sure, Steve wanted to be a father and he thought Tony would be a wonderf
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Cooper Barton

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Childhood Trauma
Past Rape/Non-con
Mentioned Skip Westcott
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Foster Care
Protective Harley Keener
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Harley Keener & Peter Parker are Siblings
Child Neglect
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Maria Stark and Sarah Rogers are Best Friends
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Avengers Family
Flashbacks
Panic Attacks
Nightmares
Jealousy
Underage Drinking
Vomiting
Hurt Peter Parker
Broken Bones
Blood and Injury
Hospitals
Dissociation
Bed-Wetting
Homophobic Language
Derogatory Language
Child Abuse
Forced Underage Drinking
Adoption
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Cooper Barton

