Work Text:
 Peter knows he wasn’t supposed to be on the mission in the first place and he knows that Tony will be so mad when he finds out that he came to San Francisco but Peter thinks it’s a little rude that they forgot to take him home. He had snuck aboard the Quin Jet with Bucky, Sam, Wanda, Vision and Steve when he had overheard about a situation going on in San Francisco. He thought that this would be a good opportunity to prove to Tony that he could handle missions without him and one of the few times that the man was in a meeting with Pepper for SI and not there to physically stop Peter from going. By the time the other’s found out, it was too late to turn around so they had no choice to allow Peter to join them. The mission had mostly been a success but everyone had sustained injuries. Karen had been damaged in the battle, cutting off his communication with the team. He had been far away from the jet and by the time he managed to swing back they had left, clearly having forgotten about him. Peter had no way of getting in touch with the team and he loathed the idea of calling Tony. The man was going to yell at him and he would rather delay that particular conversation for as long as possible. And he especially didn’t want to call May who had been on his case lately about being more responsible after losing his seventh backpack for the month. So now he was swinging around San Fran, trying to think of a way he could get home without Tony or May knowing that he had snuck away on a mission he hadn’t been invited too. God, he was going to be in so much trouble. “Stop! Please! Let me go!” Peter paused in his swinging, quickly sticking to the nearest building. His head snapped to the cries of a woman and after a quick scan, he saw a woman struggling against a brutish man as he dragged her towards a dark alley way. Without waiting, Peter leapt into action, shooting a web to the closest building. “Get off me!” The woman screamed. “You heard the lady,” Peter said as he crawled into view. “let her go!” “Who the hell are you?” the man growled, spinning around to face Peter. “Wait – does San Fran not know about Spider-Man?” Peter fake gasped as he shot a web at the thug’s hand, yanking the knife he had from his grip. The knife came away easily, the man clearly not expecting it. Taking advantage of the man’s surprise, Peter leapt at the man. The woman had enough sense to duck but the man didn’t, Peter’s foot colliding with his chest and sending him flying backwards and into a pile of nearby trash. Peter shot a few webs, pinning the man to the ground before he turning the woman. “Are you okay?” Peter asked. “Oh my God,” The woman gasped, body trembling. “Thank you.” “You’re welcome,” Peter grinned behind his mask. The woman gave a shaky nod before turning and sprinting out of the alleyway and disappearing around the corner. Peter turned back to the man, scratching his head as he wondered how he was supposed to call the police on this guy when he felt a cold chill go down his spine, his mind waring him of something that was close by. “Hmmmm, a meal all tied up for us,” a voice purred from above. Peter’s mouth went dry as he watched a gigantic, black figure crawl down the wall. It looked like a monster straight from Peter’s nightmares. Large white eyes blinked slowly as it showed off his razor-sharp teeth. As the monster approached the man, a long tongue flicked out to lick his cheek. “What the Fu-“ the man started to shout but before he could even finish that sentence, the monster leapt upon him. Peter was thankful that the monster turned his back on Peter, cloaking him from the sight as the crunching sounds that followed was enough to make Peter’s stomach roll. “Holy shit!” Peter breathed, stumbling backwards. “Another treat?” the monster purred, turning around to face Peter, stalking close. Fear made Peter stay rooted on the spot. “Venom! No! We don’t eat superheros,” a normal, human voice came from somewhere. “Why not?” Venom huffed, still eying Peter. His long tongue came out and flickered in Peter’s direction, making Peter recoil. “This is Spider-Man. He’s a good guy. Don’t eat him,” the human voice said again. “Please don’t eat me,” Peter managed to squeak out, body tensed. “I won’t taste good! I won’t, I promise! I’m not even that fatty and I had a lot of onions for lunch! I’ll give you bad breath! And, and, and like, I’m only small! I definitely wouldn’t fill you up!” “Hmmmm,” Venom purred, looking Peter over. “You do seem small.” Peter nodded eagerly. “Fine,” Venom huffed. Peter watched with awe as the black monster started moving, body quivering like liquid and suddenly a human man came into view, the inky dark mass disappearing into his body. “Sorry Spidey,” The man said, rubbing the back of his head. “Venom is still getting used to only eating bad guys.” Peter gaped. “That – that thing came out of you.” “It’s a parasite,” the man shrugged. “I’m Eddie Brock and that was Venom.” “A parasite?” Peter repeate
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
BAMF Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
BAMF Tony Stark
Protective Eddie Brock
Eddie Brock is a good bro
Peter Parker sneaks around
Peter Parker gets left behind
Protective Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Peter Parker can make freinds anywhere
Peter Parker & Venom freindship
Peter Parker calls Tony dad
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Family Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

