Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter can vividly remember how his Uncle Ben would say that good or bad luck was nothing but the wrong or right mix of opportunity, preparation, and confidence. As a kid, Peter had marvelled at his uncle's wisdom, at his sheer intelligence and grit. Peter had carried his uncle’s little sayings and outlooks on life close to his heart, treasuring them as other kids would a beloved toy or doll.
Now, though, Peter can’t help but roll his eyes at that sentiment.
No such thing as bad luck? What, outside of the famed Parker luck that Peter has become painfully familiar with, could explain his disaster of a life? 
Confidence hadn’t kept his parents’ plane from falling from the sky. Preparation hadn’t stopped the copper bullets from ripping through the flesh of his aunt and uncle, tearing Peter for the second time in his short life from the people tasked with taking care of him.
Out of the hundreds of New York foster homes, Peter has the delightful opportunity of being placed into a house where the air is constantly thick with tension, the foster father a venomous snake, lurking for what seems to be hours in an eerie calm until it's finally time for him to strike.
Of course, Peter figures Secretary Ross isn’t all that bad. All four kids have access to food and clean water, and even though they’re all crammed into the same bedroom, they each get their own bed. Well, technically they’re bunk beds, but that doesn’t really bother Peter. In fact, it kind of reminds him of his old room at May and Ben’s apartment.
Which, of course, only makes him sad again.
It’s not like Ross was home much anyway. When he was at home, he was working in his bedroom until the early hours of the morning, and unfortunately for them, Ross only seemed to have the time to pay them any mind when he was pissed about something. Which, admittedly, was growing to become more and more frequent in Peter’s case. 
A small part of Peter felt some semblance of responsibility for the others. He knew it was stupid, since they were all going through the exact same thing, but the idea of Harry, Gwen, or Peni getting hurt felt worse to Peter than if he himself was the one getting hurt. 
The unfortunate truth is, as much as Peter may hate the fact, there’s not much he can do about it. After all, he’s just a regular kid.
--------------
“If you could have one superpower, what would it be?” 
The question is brought up absent-mindedly, as an attempt to break the awkward silence that Peter and his foster sister have fallen into. The rare moment of calm is nice, Peter has to admit, but the scarcity of the moment only adds to the trepidation that he feels coursing through all of his being. 
“Maybe healing? Not like super-healing for me, I’d want to be able to use the power to heal whoever I want.” Peter sucks in a breath of cool night air, trying to figure out exactly how to vocalize his thoughts. “I’d just want to help people. Whatever power allows me to help as many people as possible, that’s what I’d choose.” 
“Wow.” 
Gwen’s giggles at the sheer sincerity of Peter’s answer are interrupted as Harry stepped out of the cramped house that they all called home, a lit cigarette dangling from his fingertips. “You have to be kidding me, that’s such a Peter answer. I would have said super-strength like any rational human being.” 
Gwen’s giggles erupt into full-blown laughter as Peter’s brows furrow in confusion. “A ‘Peter’ answer? What does that even mean?”
Gwen takes a deep breath, calming herself down enough to utter a short, “Harry’s right, Peter,”  before going back to shaking with laughter.
“Fuck you guys.” Despite himself, Peter smiles as he plucks the cigarette from between his foster brother’s lips and takes a long drag from it. “What about you, Gwen? What do you have in mind that’s so much better than healing?”
“Teleportation.”
Harry lets out a chuckle of disbelief. “You’re serious? Man, you’re both terrible at choosing superpowers.”
Peter tries to brush it off, but the insult stings more than it should. “What would you even do with superstrength? At least healing and teleportation are both somewhat useful.” 
“Have you seen the Hulk? Thor? Captain America? I could do whatever I want with super strength.”
Gwen scoffs. “Banner’s a genius, Thor’s a god, and Captain America’s a billion-year-old war hero.”
“Whatever,” Harry grumbles, obviously put off by Gwen’s teasing comment. “It’s freezing out here. You’re both idiots, and I’m going to bed.” He flicks the cigarette butt onto the ground before stomping on it, and climbing the steps to the house without a second thought.
Peter groans, bending down to pick up the litter. “Idiot. What does he think will happen when Ross comes home and sees trash on the stairs? Delinquent teenagers can’t be good for Ross’s image, so you know he’d for sure flip out over a cigarette.”
Gwen leans down to cup Peter’s cheek in her hand, and sticks 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Thaddeus Ross
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Peni Parker & Peter Parker
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Angst
Foster Care
Physical Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Implied Childhood Sexual Abuse
Family Dynamics
Found Family
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Protective Steve Rogers
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Has Issues
Homeless Peter Parker
Recovery
Angst with a Happy Ending
Verbal Abuse
Bisexual Peter Parker
Homophobia
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
unhealthy relationship with food
Eating Disorders
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
im so sorry
Hurt Peter Parker

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Thaddeus Ross
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Peni Parker & Peter Parker
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker

