Chapter 1: Peter's New Friend
    




Chapter Text
Peter’s been out a lot more than usual lately.
Now, this isn’t a bad thing at all– Tony’s been trying to make sure he makes more friends than his Star-Wars obsessed one and the very perceptive one that he might be dating. 
The problem is, he can’t figure out who Peter keeps meeting up with.
These days, Peter doesn’t text him (well, he doesn’t text Happy) that often. Normally, this just means he’s out patrolling the streets as Spider-Man again, but Spider-Man sightings have also declined.
Class is dismissed from Midtown, and Peter bids his two friends goodbye, and then vanishes.
This, Tony thinks, merits some investigation.
…
FRIDAY tracks Peter’s backpack downtown, past Central Park and into a rather shady area of town. Peter ducks into an alleyway next to the subway entrance, and meets up with a man. 
Tony can’t tell who it is from the grainy camera footage, but he’s tall, and built in a lean, wolfish way that speaks not of gym trips and sports, but of hunger and combat. They speak, then leave the alleyway.
The way the man holds himself brings back memories for Tony, and not the fond kind. He walks like the men in Afghanistan, there for too many tours, sent on too many excursions into enemy territory, survived too many firefights. Even back at base, they walked with an underlying tension, a loose sense of danger in that loping gait. It was the inherent knowledge that nothing where they currently were could harm them, the sense of superiority born from surviving hell.
How, then, did innocent high schooler Peter Parker know him?
They don’t do anything, either, and that sets Tony’s nerves on edge. Peter doesn’t look like he’s itching to go patrol as Spider-Man, perfectly content to stroll down the streets with this man, excitedly babbling at him, walking for the sake of walking. They stop at a candy shop, buying a handful of sweets– entirely electric blue– and share it as they do absolutely nothing else of note.
It doesn’t sit right with Tony– it goes against his knowledge of Peter’s character, who is so eager to prove himself that every moment not in school or doing homework is spent on the streets, trying to help his neighborhood become a safer place. And yet, This one man is… is monopolizing Peter’s time, stealing him away from what Peter wants to do.
An icy chill shudders down Tony’s spine. Peter’s family is still not very well off, and Tony knows that Peter would do anything to lighten his aunt’s load. He doesn’t accept Tony’s money, but someone was willing to pay Peter for something– say, companionship…
“FRIDAY. Find out who Peter’s walking with. Now, or five minutes ago if possible.”
“Searching cameras... Inconclusive facial scans. There are fifty-eight individuals in New York City that match the reconstructed features with above eighty percent accuracy.”
Tony curses, as colorfully as he knows how. 
He doesn’t even have a good excuse to demand Peter to stop associating with the man. That doesn’t mean Tony is going to give up though. There’s no way this man could be a good influence on Peter.
…
In the end, he doesn’t have to go to any extreme measures. Peter comes to the Tower to test a new solution for his webs, and brings with him the wolfish man.
“Yo, Peter, this is where you’re interning? So fancy.” The man says, craning his neck to look at the labs. He speaks like a native New-Yorker, and is younger than Tony had originally thought– hardly past the cusp of adulthood, though he carries a weight far beyond his years. His hands stay firmly in his pockets, so Tony can’t even complain about him touching things.
Peter ducks his head shyly, then says “And here’s Mr. Stark.”
“Ah, your boss?” the man asks. He sticks his hand out for Tony to shake, no hint of recognition in his eyes. “I’m Peter’s friend. You can call me Percy,” he says cheerfully. The warmth in his voice doesn’t match the wariness in his eyes.
Tony shakes his hand, noting the carefully controlled strength in his grip. “Nice to meet you, Percy.”
Peter pipes up, “Percy, he’s also Iron Man.”
Tony prepares himself for some kind of reaction. Recognition is slow to come to the man, but then, he comes to a realization.
“The mech-suit dude!”
Never in Tony’s life has he been reduced to a “mech-suit dude.” He’s rather offended, and when he glances at Peter, he can see the mortification on his face.
Tony decides to help him out, for Peter’s sake. He claps a friendly hand onto Peter’s shoulder and looks Percy dead in the eyes. They’re a muddy blue-green, intense and fathomless, like the deepest point of Manhattan Harbour. “I’ll leave you guys to it, then– I’ll be over here if you need me, Peter. Percy,” here, he pauses, but Percy’s gaze doesn’t waver, “don’t touch anything.”
Those green eyes hold his gaze for a second too long before he smiles, all sharp white teeth. “Don’t worry– I know better than to touch anything in an inventor’s workshop.”
Peter drags him away, after that.
Tony whispers, “FRIDAY, w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Percy Jackson & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Misunderstandings
BAMF Percy Jackson
Percy Jackson is canonically terrifying and I think we should remember that
He's also. a bean.
Sickfic
Poisoning
in this house we love and appreciate sally jackson
no beta we die like beckendorf

fandom: 
Percy Jackson & Peter Parker

