Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Peter, you’re gonna be late!”“I’m coming,” Peter calls out, shoving his head through the hole of his sweater before pausing— glancing around his room.What am I forgetting? What am I forgetting? he muses to himself, the lightbulb going off as he grabs his backpack.“May!” Peter yells, rifling through the various sheets of loose leaf paper, “Do you see my chem homework anywhere?”“It’s on the counter!” May yells back, Peter stopping for a second before the memory of leaving it there hits— slinging his backpack over his shoulder as he walks out of his bedroom.“If you kept everything in the trapper keeper I got you, you wouldn’t lose your homework,” May teases, Peter making a face as he walks over to the kitchen counter and grabs the missing homework.“No one calls them that anymore,” Peter says, May laughing as she throws him a banana. Peter catches it with ease, grinning at her as he shoves it and the homework into his backpack. “I’m surprised they give you paper homework still to begin with,” May says, waving her hand around as she leans against the counter and takes a sip of her coffee. Peter peruses the bowl of specially-made granola bars Tony recently sent over as she continues, “You’d think everything would be terabytes or digits or WIFI signals.”“That’s not how any of that works,” Peter says with a laugh, going for the peanut butter and strawberry jam flavor he has as he rips it open and takes a bite, humming in contentment as May laughs.“What won’t work is you being late for the third time in a row this week. You and that Johnny Storm stay out way too late.”“No we don’t,” Peter says with his mouth full, May raising an eyebrow as Peter quickly chews then swallows his food. “Besides, Johnny doesn’t have a curfew.”“Johnny  also  doesn’t have an 8am home room. Something  you  will be late for if you don’t skedaddle,” May says with a fond smile, Peter smiling again as he walks over to her.She gives him a quick squeeze, Peter kissing her on the cheek before May sends him off on his way.“Don’t forget to call Tony and tell him about AcaDec this weekend.”“I won’t!” Peter calls out as he walks over the door, shoving another bite of the granola bar into his face and closing the door behind him. “Dude, you gotta invite Johnny to join our Beast Player team,” Ned whispers, Peter glaring at him before quickly glancing around the busy Midtown cafeteria. He shouldn’t be surprised that no one is looking in their direction but it’s still a concern all the same, Peter looking back at Ned as he says, “Dude.”“Literally no one would guess what Johnny you’re talking about,” MJ deadpans, a credit to how long he’s known her and how good of friends they are that Peter can hear the hint of teasing in it. He glances over the table to see her head in a book, just barely hiding a smile that makes Peter’s stomach turn into knots as she continues, “You’re the literal worst person to keep a secret, you know that right?”“What secret?” another voice says, MJ looking up and actually smiling as she puts her book down just as Gwen Stacy puts her tray down, Peter feeling like a deer in headlights as yet another voice chimes in, sitting next to Peter.“The secret of Pete’s massive crush on MJ? Not much of a secret, if you ask me,” Harry Obsorn says with a wink, Peter feeling as if he could literally die on the spot as he coughs. He tacitly avoids MJ’s eyes, forcing a smile and looking at Harry as he says, “Hey man, I thought your dad was taking you out of town.”Harry rolls his eyes, shrugging as he rests his folded arms over the lunch table. “Put my foot down and said that if he’s gonna try and enroll me in a regular school to be ‘one with the people’,” he says, pantomiming his fingers, “then maybe I should  actually attend school like one of the people.”“Trip got cancelled?” Gwen asks, Harry scoffing as he leans back.“Damn Stacy, why you gotta call me out like that?” Harry replies, the two of them devolving in the kind of banter that Peter’s gotten used to since they transferred in at the beginning of the school year.He finally looks back to MJ who chews her lip, looking at him with a smirk on her face before looking elsewhere. Ned not so subtly nudges him in the side, the imploring look on his face yet another reminder that if his crush is that obvious to Harry and Gwen-- relative newcomers to Midtown-- that it’s probably obvious as hell to anyone else that’s known them for any length of time. The rest of lunch passes comfortably, the bell bringing about another good-natured complaint from Harry about their time not being their own as they clear the table.He’s not surprised to find himself walking in-step with MJ as they move to throw away their trash, Ned winking at Peter as he runs to catch up with Harry and Gwen as MJ clears her throat.“So.”“So,” Peter says, feeling his cheeks flush, “That was awkward.”“Yeah,” MJ says with a laugh, throwing her recycling away and the rest of her trash in the correct bins, “But uh,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Angst with a Happy Ending
Multiverse Shenanigans
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
defenestrating canon as per usual
Comic Book Science
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
(both of them do)
alt title - Peter Parker: 2 Fast 2 Furious
it’ll make sense when you read it

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Peter Parker

