Chapter 1



Notes:
Hey there! This is a fun little RP that we did together. We hope you enjoy! Please note that there is dubious consent in this fic.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Voices.There were always voices, but Peter didn't know whose. He knew they concerned him though, because otherwise, he wouldn't be stuck in his current predicament: on his knees seemingly a few feet away from them, bound, gagged, and blindfolded. "...brought him for you," the man was saying. He probably looked as slimy as he sounded. Peter wouldn’t know; he hadn’t seen him, but he’d been hearing his voice for days. Hence why he’d dubbed him  Slimy in his head. "Figured it would be a nice way to thank you for the constant support.""Well, you stay on my good side and good things come to you," a new voice drawled back. Peter shifted on his knees, trying to get as comfortable as he could on the cold, hard ground. So that was what this was. He was a  gift. An offering to someone else, with absolutely no control or power to resist what was happening to him. He could tell the men around him were all Doms by the way they spoke, and knew he had no chance of escaping—at least not right now. So he just stayed there, quiet and still, the sound of his heart beating rapidly filling his ears. "Of course," Slimy responded, a grin in his voice. "Enjoy him. I made sure to pick one you would like. Hope he's up to your standards. Only the best for the great Tony Stark." Holy fuck. Peter was screwed, because here he was, about to be handed over to  Tony fucking Stark.The men exchanged a few more words before there were footsteps, and Peter knew that Slimy had left, effectively sealing his fate. He swallowed hard, then flinched when the blindfold was tugged off.
Tony fucking  hated slimy business men. Okay, he was a mob boss, so he’d done some pretty fucked up things himself. But this was a line even he didn’t cross. Usually.But he didn’t say that. Realistically, there’d be no just letting this kid go, now, no matter what. And he needed a new bed warmer, anyway. The last... well, hadn’t ended well, and to say his men weren’t fond of his moods since then would be an understatement. The guy had fucked up bad enough he knew Tony would want to take a pound of flesh out of someone and that his bargain better be damn good. Well, color him surprised. This was the last thing he expected, but it caught him off guard enough that he let him walk out of here today. For now, at least.Once the man’s footsteps had faded, Tony stood, taking his time crossing to the younger man on the floor. Tony wasn’t that old at 31, sure, but there was at least ten years between him and this... boy. If he had to guess, he was late teens, or barely out of them, so... yeah, ten to fifteen years. That shouldn’t turn him on, but it did. Remaining morals aside, this could yet be interesting.He crouched in front of the boy, pulling off his blindfold with one firm tug of the knot. He’s silent for a long minute, studying him. The big brown doe eyes, the pretty—if bruised in a few spots—face, those pouty lips, wrapped around the gag. Gorgeous. Tony trailed a finger down his cheek, pressing his lips together.“If you promise not to scream, I’ll take the gag out,” he said finally. “And I say don’t scream not because it would do anything for you, but because my head hurts from dealing with that asshole. Mind your tongue, and you can ask some questions. Got it?” He waited until he got a feeble nod before following through, but didn't immediately give him a chance to speak. “What's your name, kid?”Peter swallowed hard, licking his dry lips. He was parched, but he was pretty sure he wasn’t about to be fed some water. He wasn’t even sure whether he wanted to be, either. He had no reason to trust anything that Tony gave him, for obvious reasons. When Tony raised an eyebrow impatiently, he hastened to answer. “Um. Peter.” He’d considered lying, but that wouldn’t have gotten him anywhere. “And you’re Tony Stark.” He still wasn’t over that. He shifted slightly, wincing. He was beginning to feel pins and needles in his legs and feet, but there was no way in hell he was about to ask if he could be released.Tony hummed thoughtfully.  Peter. It suits him. Like Peter rabbit. Cute. Warm. Soft.  Helpless. He couldn’t help the way his lips turned up in a little smirk at the thought, and then a little more at the way the kid said his name. “So I am. Glad to see my name still holds some weight, even to the younger crowd.” He flicked his eyes over him, once, making a point of taking him in before returning to his eyes. “Do you know why you’re here, Peter?” The boy was obviously a sub, and he couldn’t imagine they did anything to disillusion the kid as to what, exactly, they were intending to sell him for.Peter made a face at Tony's words, unable to help himself. "Yeah, well, everyone knows you. And it definitely isn't because you bake the best cakes in New
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BDSM
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom/sub
Mafia Boss Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Human Trafficking
Dom Tony Stark
Sub Peter Parker
Punishment
Corporal Punishment
Smut
Humiliation
Spanking
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Kink Negotiation
Dubious Consent
Anal Fingering
Breathplay
Aftercare
Hurt/Comfort
Subspace
Subdrop
Main pairing is Tony/Peter
Bucky only joins them for a chapter and you can skip it if you want

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark

