Chapter 1: Part I
    




Chapter Text
Peter wanted to be a good boy.
He really, really wanted to.
But the vibrating butt plug Tony had wedged inside of him before leaving the room was making it nearly impossible.

Please Mr. Stark…hurry up…please…

He leaned forward on his elbows to ease some of the ache in his back, biting the ball gag hard when the slight shift in position jarred the plug inside of him.

Please…please…please Mr. Stark…

Desperate for some kind of relief, Peter rolled his hips and bared down on the plug. He groaned, his eyes welling up with tears as the vibrations of the plug failed to reach deep enough to make his toes curl.

Mr. Stark….fuck….please hurry up…

Tony had left him in an embarrassing state, promising to return with something ‘fun and new’ for them to try.
He was excited. In the few months he’d been with Tony, he’d learned so much. Things that would have had him blushing and curling in on himself in the beginning had him moaning like a whore now.
Granted, he still blushed.
How could he not when Tony’s favorite pastime was tongue-fucking him to the point of tears?

Tony, please…hurry up…

Peter knelt, bound, in the center of the plush rug in their bedroom. His wrist had been bound together with soft, braided rope; the tight knot angled so he couldn’t as much as graze his fingertips over it. The red ball of the gag in his mouth was slick with his saliva and, to his mortification, it had dribbled down his chin.

Please…

The warm lube Tony had used to stroke him hard was cooling and Peter whined as the tight ring at the base of his cock vibrated softly.

Please…please, Tony…

He wanted to squeeze his thighs together, wanted to clench around the plug in his ass and touch himself…
But the spreader bar Tony had strapped his ankles to made that difficult. He couldn’t sit up and bare down on the plug like he needed and he couldn’t make his aching fingers cooperate to pull the cock ring off so he could cum.
He needed help.
He needed Tony.

Tony - 

Peter keened as the plug’s vibrations sped up. He only had a second to brace himself before the cock ring’s vibrations synced with the plug and his whole body spasmed.

Tony!

Tears streamed down his cheeks as the dual assault on his body left him so painfully close he thought he was going to lose his mind.
He screamed Tony’s name around the ball gag and fell forward. It wasn’t pretty, and it didn’t get him off like he needed, but with his cock pressed between his belly and the rug he got some of the friction he needed.
Unabashedly, Peter humped the floor.
He didn’t hear the bedroom door open, didn’t hear the multiple sets of footsteps approaching him until it was too late.
He froze, immediately going rigid on the floor as shadows loomed over him.
Tony clicked his tongue in disappointment.
“Oh, Pete…”
Peter hid his face in the rug, ashamed.
Someone chuckled.
“He always this fucking desperate, Tony?”
Peter’s stomach plummeted.

I know that voice…no…no it can’t be…Steve?

His chest tightened and he thought he was going to spontaneously combust he was so flushed with embarrassment.
“I thought I had him well-trained…guess I was wrong.”
Peter took a shaky, tight breath and twisted about so he could look up.

Oh my god…

Tony had stepped closer to his head but standing further away – standing behind him so they had a perfect glimpse of his stuffed hole – were Steve and Bucky.

Oh my god!

Tony knelt and fondly tousled Peter’s hair.
“It’s okay, sweet boy,” the older man soothed, “we’re going to have some fun.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Gags
Group Sex
Gangbang
Sex Toys
Dom/sub Undertones
Bondage
Dirty Talk
Humiliation
Age Difference
Praise Kink
Marathon Sex
Dom Tony Stark
Hair-pulling
Wet & Messy
Face-Fucking
Rough Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Anal Sex
Sub Peter Parker
Anal Gaping
Comeplay
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Multiple Pairings
Threesome - M/M/M
Cuckolding
Size Kink
Under-negotiated Kink
Voyeurism
Dom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Spitroasting
Barebacking
Unprotected Sex
Dom Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

