Chapter 1: Q & A
    




Chapter Text
Tony walked into the lab with a spring in his step.“Fri, fire up my stuff.”“Of course, Boss.”Friday seemed to be finding her feet, as it were. She was growing more and more every day, gaining more confidence to act on her own, anticipating his needs and seeing to them without him having to say anything. He was really proud of her, and he made sure to tell her so often.“Thanks, baby girl, you’re the best.”He worked for a while on various projects. The braces he’d created for Rhodey to help his recovery were almost ready to begin testing on other patients. The tech side was mostly done, only a few adjustments left to go, he was just waiting for legal to finish the paperwork for the clinical study they were doing in partnership with two medical institutions in New York. It was good work, and Tony was very proud of it. After so much time building stuff to destroy, he was glad to be focusing on things that would help people.The Accords were coming along nicely too. The newest revisions were done and ready to be voted on by the Committee. The hunt for new people to fill up the Avengers roaster was ongoing, and Tony was confident that this time they would get actual competent people, and not just hero-wannabes and people with an inflated sense of self.The preparations for the Stark Expo were going pretty well too, and they had a record of subscriptions for companies and independent researchers from all over the world. It was going to be awesome.“Fri, how’re things on social media?” he asked once he was done with all he needed to check on.“Pretty good, Boss. Still lots of positivity and love for Iron Man,” she reported, sounding happy. “You’ve gotten six more requests for interviews from various news channels and magazines. What should I reply?”“I’m not available at the moment.”He had considered doing an interview, but then decided the videos were good enough. They were also way more fun to do, and safer too. In the last couple of months, he had received a few death threats. It was nothing new, and Tony didn’t really take any of them seriously. It was probably just Cap fanatics trying to look more impressive than they were. He had turned them all to the police and let them investigate it, but nothing had panned out so far. Still, Pepper (and everyone else) had insisted that he be careful and avoid going out alone, and he was doing his best to comply.“Fri, get the camera ready.”“Whenever you want to start, Boss.”They had a good routine by now. Friday had become quite good at editing the videos, adding background when needed and even including sound effects on occasion. It seemed that she was having as much fun as him with them, and Tony was glad for it. There had been far too much gloom in his life, and now he wanted happy things.“Good morning and welcome to another episode of Tony Stark Rambles On, this time with a special Q&A edition.” He really should come up with a name for the video series, though he kinda liked coming up with something different every now and then. Maybe he should put it to a vote or something. It seemed that people really liked interactive stuff.“So, people have been asking a lot of questions in the comments here, and I thought it was time I answered some of them. First of all, no, I don’t read all the comments. I’m sorry, guys, I simply don’t have the time for that, what with my job and… everything else I do on a daily basis. I do have people who read them, though, and they give me the highlights. There are some frequent questions and comments that I’d like to address, so here we are.”He’d been planning on doing this for a while, and now seemed a good a time as any. He hadn’t exactly set out to be an internet sensation, but he was already famous, so it was no surprise that it had happened. Aside from being fun, the videos were also useful. Never in his life had he enjoyed such popularity – and in a good way. People liked him, and they liked the videos. So Tony wanted to keep making people happy, and get some important messages out there as well. Answering some questions seemed like a good way to do that.“Before that, though, I have a couple of announcements.“One: I’ve talked to Rhodey and Vision and they’ve agreed do a couple of videos with me, and they’ll be answering a few questions as well. So, there’s a link here for you guys to submit your questions. We haven’t set a date yet, but I’ll let you know when we do.”Tony was really looking forward to that. Vision was a bit apprehensive about it, but Tony was sure he was going to do just fine. He was nice and sweet, and the public was going to love him. They were just waiting on Rhodey to clear up some time so they could set it up.“Two: I’m in the process of updating the whole website to be more organized. Aside from the YouTube channel with the videos, there will be other stuff such as links to charity organizations and other things of interest. There will also be a discussion forum and a place to submit 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Tony
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Social Media
Tony makes videos
Tony talks a lot
actions have consequences

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

