Work Text:
Truthfully, Charles liked it better when the lecture hall was mostly full of students who were half-asleep.  Teaching was easier without all of those feelings battering him while he was trying very earnestly to convey his excitement over lithographic surveys.  Half-asleep was good -- all sluggish pulses of attention from otherwise excellent students in his undergraduate lecture, which he purposefully scheduled at the heinous hour of 8:30 in the morning.  There were a few bright points of focus in the room, and Charles smiled encouragingly at those students, who seemed to hum with steady, caffeinated waves of serious academic interest.And then there was the stranger who slipped into the back of the hall, ten minutes into Charles’ lecture.Too old to be an undergrad, Charles judged.  Too well-dressed to be a graduate student.  He’d removed his somber grey trilby upon entering and smoothed out his trench coat as he’d folded himself into a chair.  Junior faculty from another department, perhaps?Charles could believe it, except for the way the stranger radiated sharp, devouring interest.  No one from Chemistry or Physics cared about flint-knapping that much.“Your assignment for Monday is the next two chapters and Dr. MacTaggert’s article on the Meggido Stables.  Any questions?” Charles looked over the lecture hall, but his students seemed disinclined to speak up.The stranger was on his way out the door when Charles met his eyes -- and that interest, that brutal concentration was still there, and Charles’ breath caught for a moment. Then the man tipped his hat and slid out the door, and Charles was far too busy collecting papers to go after him.***“Just a moment, Hank, I think I have your paper right -- oh, well, it was here, but I’m sure it’s just--” Charles sifted through a few more stacks of paper and then knocked all of his mail on the floor.Hank was obviously a graduate student who understood which side his bread was buttered on, because he instantly knelt to help pick up the letters from the floor.  “What’s this?” Hank said curiously, hefting a package wrapped in brown paper and bound with twine.“Oh, probably a book for review,” Charles said absently, and then frowned at the lack of return address.  It was pure chance that he located Hank’s paper then, buried under midterm exams that Charles hadn’t gotten around to yet, with a regrettable yet entirely understandable tea stain at the corner.  “Here you are, well done, close the door on your way out, there’s a good chap.”Charles was cutting the twine on the package when the door opened again.  “Forgot something, did you?” he said, pulling out a book with an unpromising title.And then he froze, because he felt it again: frighteningly focused intent spliced with adrenaline.“Dr. Xavier?”“Yes?” Charles said, keeping his tone light with effort.The stranger removed his hat and gave him a brief, polite smile.  “I hope I’m not disturbing you.  I have a few questions I thought you might be able to answer for me.”  Charles pegged his accent as German, which wasn’t entirely unusual.  Plenty of good archaeologists were German, and it was 1962 and completely beneath Charles to feel wary just because of someone’s accent.Charles’ fingers tightened around the book in his grasp.  “Certainly, if I’m able to, Mister...”“Eisenhardt.  Erik Eisenhardt,” he said, and Charles was startled to realize that although he could feel it was a partial lie, the edges of it were butter-soft, as though this man were such an accomplished, confident liar that even his mind would conceal the truth, rather than trumpet it.“Pleased to meet you,” Charles said, and decided to take the risk of offering his hand.Eisenhardt’s grasp was warm and firm, but the sensation was nearly lost in the flood of thought and feeling that surged into Charles, all of it strangely fluid and metallic, like mercury rolling through his mind, and it sang mission and danger, and loudest of all, Mossad.Charles let go abruptly, and waved Eisenhardt into the chair across from his desk.  “I believe you dropped in on my lecture the other day,” he said, aiming a sunny smile at Eisenhardt even as he sat down, putting the book aside.Eisenhardt’s eyes flickered away briefly, but he said, “Forgive me, I should have asked permission first.”“Oh no, not at all.  I’m just unused to having visitors.  Do you have an interest in archaeology, Mr. Eisenhardt?”He smiled then, sharp and showing too many teeth.  “An abiding one.”Charles shifted uncomfortably in his chair, and wondered if he’d been watched, and for how long, and why.  “What can I help you with?”“Your reputation as an archaeologist of the Levant precedes you,” Eisenhardt said.“You’re too kind,” Charles said.  “But I have many senior colleagues in the field -- I can’t imagine why you’ve come to me.”“So modest,” Eisenhardt said, both tone and thought as warm and shudder-inducing as if he’d dragged his tongue down Charles’ nape.  “But you’ve a very specific research focus tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Hurt/Comfort
Sharing a Bed
the Tesseract really gets around

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

