Chapter 1: Cloudy Skies
    


Notes:
Last edit: 21/03/2022- Editing grammar and reworded some things

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Head on out dear, working a double shift is always rough!”You smile at your co-worker Gale, grateful to finally be able to head home. Gale is an older lady, in her 50s, who has been working as a nurse at Bellevue Hospital for the past 20 years. In fact, Gale is the one who helped train you when you first started your nursing job. “Here, I brought in some treats for the staff, take one for the road.” The older woman hands you a chocolate chip cookie with a smile. “You deserve it! Go on and get some rest, enjoy your few days off!” It's a Friday, and you'd been scheduled to work the morning shift from 6:45 to 15:45. However, a co-worker had called in sick and you were asked to stay and work the evening shift as well. It was no problem, truth be told, you didn’t have anything better to do anyway. “Thanks Gale! Fingers crossed for a calm night!” You devour the cookie and wave goodbye, making your way out the sliding doors towards the bus stop. You check your watch -- it’s 21:45, with the bus leaving at 21:51, you’ve just enough time to catch it.It’s been about two years since you started working as a nurse at Bellevue Hospital, ever since leaving your position as a field agent with the CIA. Of course, that part of your life was redacted, and strings were pulled to get you this nursing position, but.. You deserved it. After all, you had risked life and limb... And lost family thanks to your previous job.Climbing onto the bus, you drop the correct amount of change into the designated slot, before making your way to the back, settling down in an empty seat.You close your eyes, taking a moment to reflect on the life you’ve led.You're the only child of diligent parents who'd worked their asses off to provide you with a decent life. Like most, your childhood had been far from perfect though. Your parents, they'd been very strict. They'd expected you to be perfect at everything you did and when you inevitably weren’t, they'd scold you endlessly. You still remember the many tears you'd shed in the shower after your field hockey games, where you were “absolutely pathetic” and by far “the worst player on the team.”Not encouraging words to hear from those you'd looked up to while growing up.Your mother was a narcissist who had an affair with a man from church. The incident eventually tore the family apart and life was never really the same after that.“It was your father's fault, you know. I was unhappy in the marriage. I couldn’t take it anymore.”  That was the excuse. As if cheating was the only option to an unhappy marriage. The man and your mother never ended up together.They did continue to interact with each other on occasion, you noticed, when you were forced to attend church with your mother on Sunday’s. 
“Going to church is good for you. It helps you develop good morals.” 

Good morals.  

Ha.  

Rich coming from you, mother.
Your father became less strict, more outgoing and seemed to enjoy life after the divorce.Maybe it ended up being good for him. He loved you, his only child, but in true old-fashioned manner, those three words were never uttered.Your parents continued to see each other from time to time for your sake -- you could tell. They were cordial with one another, but there was always a strained awkwardness that made you very uncomfortable.Upon graduating high school, you went on to continue studying at the University of Maryland, only seeing your parents on the rarest of occasions. Taking the proper paths, you joined the CIA and continued working with them for the next 8 years. Being a CIA agent took you all over the world (ensuring minimal contact with your family), working with, and against all types of people and organizations. To be honest, you weren’t the best agent.You weren’t even a great agent.You just happened to be the weakest link in an outstanding team of agents and was somehow lucky enough to catch the eye of a terrorist organization.  Who then proceeded to wipe out your entire family. They had obviously mistaken you for one of the other, more competent members of your team, but regardless -- message received. It wasn’t the best of families, but it was still your family. You mourned then, and even now still feel regret from time to time for not visiting or calling more often. Regret for not telling them you loved them.. After being informed of your family’s brutal murder, you resigned. There had been chatter about you being a coward.About how you should stay on and get revenge for your family.It was a hard decision, but you ultimately decided against the revenge path. 
Where would it end? 
Vengeance is a never-ending cycle, people would continue to needlessly die.No. And thus, you ended up where you are today. A recovery ward nurse at one of the oldest hospitals in New York City. It isn’t a glamorous jo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You

freeform: 
The Avengers (2012) Spoilers
Post-Thor (2011)
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Reader-Insert
Original Character(s)
Jealous Loki (Marvel)
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Eventual Smut
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Mutual Pining
Denial of Feelings
no y/n
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
Vaginal Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Canon Compliant
Fluff here and there but not everywhere
Dom/sub Undertones
Angst
Thor: The Dark World Spoilers
Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Spoilers
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Wordcount: Over 100.000
Plot
Character Development
Falling In Love
Vaginal Fingering
Bucky/Reader if you will it so
Eventual Romance
Eventual Relationships
Sexual Content
Smut
Romance
Love
Fluff
POV Second Person
Drama
Dom/sub Play
Trust
Trust Issues
Sex
Rough Sex
Porn With Plot

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You

