Work Text:
  “You want to come over and do my new Lego set?” Ned asked as he and Peter walked towards the school exit. “Dude, I can’t,” Peter winced, sending Ned an apologetic look as they were jostled by passing students. “I have my Internship with Mr. Stark this afternoon.” Ned’s face lit up, easing any of Peter’s worry’s that he was blowing off his friend. “Your life is so cool.” Peter snorted, shaking his head. “How about I come over tomorrow?” “Yeah, man, that would be awesome,” Ned grinned. They stepped out of the school doors, students swarming towards their cars and towards the subway. “Have fun at the internship.” “Always do,” Peter did his secret handshake with Ned before the two of them parted ways. Wednesday’s were fast becoming one of Peter’s favourite days. Since May had found out about Peter being Spider-Man, she had demanded that Tony have a more active role in Peter’s teaching. Tony had agreed and so an internship had been put together. At the beginning, Peter had honestly thought it was just going to be a cover story for why a teenager could occasionally be seen hanging out with Tony Stark. Peter thought that every time he went over to the Tower, it would be for training with the Avengers. While this was true, Tony also made time to make sure that Peter was actually receiving an education for all thing’s science and engineering. Peter had been given an actual tour of SI and was even working on a project that wasn’t Spider-Man related. Every Wednesday and Friday Peter would spend a couple of hours on his internship before he went out patrolling and on Tuesdays he would spend training with the Avengers after his Decathlon practice. Peter’s weeks were full and kept him plenty busy but in the best way possible. It was a structure that Peter had needed and before Tony had taken a more active role in his life, it was one that was missing and causing his grades to slip up. Jumping on the train, Peter took the subway up towards the Avengers Tower, getting off at the stop that would drop him closest to the building before walking the rest of the way. By the time Peter arrived, he was hungry and ready to work alongside Tony on an app he was developing. As he stepped into the building, Peter automatically could tell that something was different. Guards were manning the security gates that every visitor needed to go through to get to the elevators. Usually there was only one or two guards manning the gates as FRIDAY was always monitoring them, scanning each person as they went through. If there was an issue, she would alert the guards who would take you away for questioning. Swallowing around the sudden burst of nerves, Peter slowly approached the gates. As soon as he reached them, a guard stepped in his path, blocking him from passing through. He looked down at Peter was a sever looking expression, mouth in a thin line. “I need to see your ID,” the guard said. “ID?” Peter frowned. “Ummm, okay?” Swinging his bag over his shoulder, Peter unzipped the bag and rummaged for his wallet. He pulled out his learners permit and handed it to the guard, shifting from foot to foot. “I need your ID badge,” The guard said, shoving the permit back at Peter. “SI employees only.” Peter cheeks flushed as he took his permit back, shoving it back into his wallet and then into his bag. “I’m an intern here but I don’t have a badge.” “Yeah right,” the guard scoffed under his breath in a whisper that Peter clearly wasn’t supposed to hear. “No badge, no entry.” “I never got one,” Peter insisted. “FRIDAY can vouch for me! She always lets me in.” “The AI is down for repairs,” the guard said sternly. “Every employee must show their badge. No badge, no entry.” “I never got one,” Peter insisted. “If you call Mr. Stark, he could –“ “Listen kid,” the guard cut Peter off. “You may think that this a cool story to tell your little friends later on but if you don’t get out of here, I’ll detain you. Move along.” Peter opened his mouth to argue, to plead for the guard to just call Tony, but the guard stepped forward making Peter stumble back. “I won’t tell you again, kid,” the guard snapped. “Move it.” Peter stumbled back before he quickly spun around and all but ran towards the doors. He slipped out, hurrying down the street and ducking into the nearest alley way. His heart was pounding in his chest and his palms were sweating. What the hell was that? Peter wracked his brain, but Tony had never mentioned anything about him getting a badge. Peter only ever used the front entrance for his internship and FRIDAY always let him in. The normal guards that manned the gates hadn’t been there otherwise he could have vouched for Peter. How was he supposed to get in? Looking in his bag, Peter saw the red and blue fabric of his Spider-Suit. He looked up at the side of the building, squinting at the sun. He could always swing and climb his way up. Peter started to pull out the suit before pausing. What if Tony didn’t want him to come up? Peter thought
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Misunderstandings
Stark Industries
Avengers Tower
Peter Parker has an internship
Peter Parker Thinks He's in Trouble
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Peter Parker Has a Bad Day
Comfort Reading

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

