Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
                                                          Peter was having a decent day at school until it was time to go to the cafeteria for lunch. As much as he loved his friends, and as happy as he was that Ned had Betty and MJ had Miles, he hated being the fifth wheel. He hated having nobody. When he was actually in class, he could focus on whatever subject it was, but in between periods, during lunch, and at extra curriculars, his relationship status became apparent.He’d tried with Liz the year before, but there hadn’t been a fairy tale ending to that tryst; they’d gone to the dance, and it had been…okay, but he had built the crush up in his mind so much that by the time it came to being dropped off by his dad at the Toomes’ house, he hadn’t even wanted to go to the dance anymore.“She seems like a nice girl, Pete. Hell, a senior too,” Tony had said. “Have fun.”“What are you gonna do with me out of the house?” Peter had teased. “You’ll have the place to yourself.”“I don’t think you wanna know.”Tony hadn’t even needed to explain himself further because Peter knew that when his dad was out of the house, and he was alone, the first thing he did was whip it out. His dad never shied away from dirty jokes, either.“Ew, Dad. Gross.”Tony had just laughed and waved him goodbye, but the dirty image of his dad jerking off hadn’t left his mind. Then Peter’s thoughts had turned; he wondered if his dad was having a date over, or something. It was difficult to concentrate on the dance or Liz after that.Insult to injury was leaving the dance early on foot, so he wouldn’t have to bother his dad, arriving home, and finding Tony passed out on the couch anyways. T.V. on, pizza box on the coffee table, a few empty soda cans, and very alone—much to Peter’s satisfaction; he wasn’t quite ready for a stepparent of any kind hanging around.“Wow, he really partied it up.” Peter had smiled fondly and made sure the throw blanket was covering Tony adequately before going up to his own room to pass out.Peter felt a little guilty for being so bitter about the idea of his dad finding someone to spend his time with, especially since he only wanted his dad to be happy and because he could relate—he wanted someone as well—but not guilty enough to banish the feelings completely.He and Liz didn’t have much cause for talking after the dance disaster, but there was no weirdness between them since she was going to be leaving the state for university regardless. The next contender after Liz was Flash. They became seniors, and Peter had thought the thing he had with his classmate—rivalry with a side dish of bullying—could’ve been the plot of a typical romantic comedy. Two boys constantly at odds with one another put aside their differences… But Peter only liked the idea for its cute notions more than he actually liked Flash since there was only so many times he could be teased and called Penis before any chances that his reaction to a romantic reveal would be positive disappeared.Peter tried to picture himself with almost every single person in his grade, and when nobody stood out, he considered those in the grade below, but that was a step in the wrong direction since the juniors might as well have been in pigtails and Velcro sneakers. Peter thought he looked young for his age, but the grade elevens looked like children. Since his options within the student body were limited—zero—Peter turned his attention to a couple of the teachers, but none of them were both single and normal.Peter guessed if he was every going to find someone, it would be at college or when he eventually got a full-time job, but he didn’t want to wait a few more months or years. He wanted someone to spend the summer with. Originally, he’d wanted someone to spend lunch with mostly so he wouldn’t be the only one of his friend group without a partner, but that ship sailed as the school year dragged on, and he had to alter his goal (lower the bar).Then he wondered if he should even bother with anyone at all. He and his father could just chill out at home like they always did. They had a pool, and their home was less a house and more a mansion. Did he really need a boyfriend or girlfriend to complete him when he had a decent homelife? Peter loved his dad, so it wouldn’t be that much of a bummer, and if he was going to be busy with college come September, getting in a little more quality time could only be a good thing. He knew his dad would never admit it, but he’d be lonely in the house all by himself.The entire thing stressed Peter out and made him want to re-evaluate his entire life. What did he even want? Who did he want?He wanted security and stability—he knew that much—someone he knew would always be there for him, and someone who wanted him to be there for them also. Someone mature and looking for something long-term. Someone he could relate to also. Maybe they could
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Online Dating
Identity Reveal
Catfishing
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Starkercest
Parent/Child Incest
Father/Son Incest
Incest
Secrets
Age Difference
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Peter Parker
Teen Angst
Hurt Peter Parker
Texting
Chatting & Messaging
Dialogue Heavy
Angst and Humor
Eventual Happy Ending
Peter Parker Angst
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Making Out
Come Swallowing
Barebacking
Multiple Orgasms
Love Confessions
Identity Porn
Online Dating
Light Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

