Chapter 1: the colder the night the warmer your hands hold
    




Chapter Text

I don't want to die alone, but I don't wanna die at all

I'm not gonna keep you by the phone dear

Hang up when you've had enough

Too much to talk

Call me when you're coming down, call me when you hang

All is well that ends well, but all is well that ends

Call me when you hang

Call me when you

Hang your head and cry if you like, but all is well that ends
- Alls well that ends, Rainbow Kitten Surprise “Okay, Pegs,” Steve steps back from adjusting his patient’s cast with a satisfied grin. He’s pleased with Peggy’s state--she's getting more stable as the days pass, and has so far enjoyed three lucid days in a row. He isn’t sure when the other shoe would drop, but Peggy's a sweet woman and Steve enjoys spending time with her when she's present enough to have pleasant conversation, so he'll simply count his win and hope for the best.She’d taken a fall recently and was in the hospital as she rested her broken hip, and Steve was the nurse charged to her care. They’d quickly grown close. Steve makes a few notes on her chart, watching her smile back at him out of the corner of his eye.“You’re lookin’ real good.”“Are you flirting with me?” Peggy gasps scandalously. Her weathered voice is warm and indulgent. “Very unprofessional, Steven.” “Sorry, ma’am,” He winks, going along with the joke. He’s used to her outgoing personality by now. “I gotta head out, my shift is just about done, but I’ll stop by again real soon. You need anything else ‘fore I go?” “I’d like you to come back to me one day with a story about something magnificent,” Peggy sighs suddenly, her smile fading away. She sags back against the pillows of her hospital cot. Just then, she looked quite old and tired in a way that Peggy often didn’t. Steve holds his breath for a moment, waiting for her to start yelling about where she was, about enemy lines advancing--but she doesn't. She simply smoothes her hands over her sheets and gives him a wobbly smile, as if close to tears. “I fear you waste so much of your youth looking after other people instead of yourself.” Her voice was so soft when she said it, so genuine, that Steve feels the breath get nearly knocked out of him for a moment. Compared to their light hearted conversation, the interaction had taken a solemn turn that he hadn't been expecting.  “I love my job,” Is all he can think to say. It doesn't feel like enough.“And what else do you love?” Peggy challenges softly, like she doesn’t really expect a reply, “Besides work.”Steve blinks. He didn’t have any family left, not after his mother, and his only friend was his roommate, Sam, a man just as busy as Steve with his work in amputee rehab in another wing of the hospital. They were often on opposite schedules and as a result, could go days without seeing the other. What else does he love? Besides work? He can say nothing that would be sufficient, so he stands there, gaping like a fish, until Peggy speaks again.“All I want, Steve,” Peggy sighs, closing her eyes, “Is for something  wonderful to happen to you. Something extraordinary."He opens is mouth to say something, but closes it again. What can he say to that?"Life is so short,” She muses softly, talking to no one in particular. “And forgetting is so long.” Steve backs out of the room slowly, struck dumb by her words. He feels like a fraud.“Get some rest, Pegs,” He murmurs. He has no idea what else he might say--he has no smart reply for her observation. In fact, her comment had hit a nerve. “I’ll see you in a couple days.” “Yes,” She agrees easily, something very sad in her tone, “But will  I see you? Will I know you, then?” She shakes her head slowly, not opening her eyes again or trying to answer her own question. The human brain, Steve knows, is a temperamental thing, as was the human heart. Neither of them can know what the next few days will bring. “Goodnight, Steven.” “Goodnight, Peggy,” He swallows, “Get some rest.”Steve peels himself away before he can hear more. ***The New York air is lovely--dark in the early hours of the morning, and full of promise. Summer was ending, and the air is cooling down, but it’s comfortable enough now that Steve’s jacket hangs open on his shoulders without fear of being chilled. He’d changed out of his scrubs into plain blue jeans and a hoodie, and decided to take the long way home, cutting through a few back alley ways on his way to his and Sam’s apartment to enjoy the fresh air and exercise. He hikes his backpack up higher onto his shoulders, feeling the protest of his sore muscles as he does so. He doesn’t put headphones in as he usually might. Instead, Steve lets himself be  present, something about Peggy’s advice nagging at him. He's a young man of only 26, but there are many days where he wakes up feeling old beyond his years.  Life is so short,  she’d told him,  and forgetting is so long. Was he really wasting away his youth? He didn’t have much of a social life, or  
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Russian Mafia
Mob Boss Bucky Barnes
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Nurse Steve Rogers
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Protective Bucky Barnes
Stubborn Steve Rogers
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Canon-Typical Violence
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Rich Bucky
Violence
Famous bucky
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Charming Bucky Barnes
Pet Names
Nicknames
Brooklyn
New York
BAMF Steve Rogers
Creepy Brock Rumlow
Bucky Barnes Feels
Pianist Bucky Barnes
Religious Steve Rogers
Religious Imagery & Symbolism
Catholic Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

