Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text

  Awake Within a Dream  

 One 
            Thor was at a loss. He did not know what to make of his brother’s actions or his attitude after the fact. Loki acted as though what he did to Midgard, the lives lost to the, thankfully, failed invasion meant nothing. The whole affair unnerved Thor to no end. Loki had even mocked Thor’s new friends and he felt some satisfaction, though more guilt, when he’d slapped the muzzle over Loki’s mouth.            Thor wanted to know why. He wanted to know what could have changed his bother so. Yet a part of him, one he hated to acknowledge, felt this was the true Loki. His brother had been jealous of him; look at what had happened only a year prior with the coronation and Jötunheim. Thor hadn’t wanted to believe it and hated to admit it but… Sif had been right all along.            After bidding farewell to the Midgardians, Thor and Loki used the Tesseract’s power to return to Asgard. The ride did not feel entirely like using Bifröst but it was much smoother than the way his father and Heimdall had used to send him to Midgard.            Once upon the broken Rainbow Bridge, Loki let go of the container. He had stiffened upon seeing their surroundings, though thankfully he made no move to leap over the side. Thor still suffered nightmares of that day. He wished he could have kept Loki from letting go.            “Come,” he said, placing a hand on Loki’s shoulder and leading him down the bridge. Loki stiffened further under his touch but didn’t try to shrug it off.            Einherjar waited for them at the end of the bridge, more shackles in hand. “The Allfather wishes to see the prisoner immediately,” the Captain of the Guard said.            Thor sighed internally. He had hoped for a few moments in which to speak to Loki before he had to face judgment. Thor eyed the shackles. “Are those necessary?”            “Orders of the king, my prince.”            Thor stepped aside to allow the Einherjar to place more shackles on Loki, his brother simply watched with an almost empty gaze. Long chains led away from the binding around Loki’s waist, the ends of which two more guards held. Thor wanted to protest, they had Loki bound as though he were some sort of animal. My brother is no animal! Thor fumed.            Before they continued on their way, Thor reached over to release the catch on the muzzle. It opened and Thor removed it. Loki worked his jaw then hummed. “This is new,” he commented.            Thor frowned, not sure what to make of the statement. “Please don’t do anything to anger father further,” he pled. Loki scoffed but said nothing more. He was led, in chains, by the Einjerjar to the palace. Thor’s heart and mind railed against the sight.            As they walked down the hallway leading to the throne room, or in Loki’s case sauntered, the Captain of the Guard stopped Thor. “The king requests you remain out here.”            Rage surged through Thor. His father was going to deny him! How dare he? After everything Thor had done to bring Loki home! Thor turned to his brother but paused. The look Loki was giving him sent a shiver down Thor’s spine. There was an emptiness in his blue eyes… Wait, blue? A chill ran up his spine. Why were Loki’s eyes…            Thor didn’t have a chance to ask. The Einherjar led Loki into the throne room, leaving Thor standing there feeling more confused than before.* * *            The “Einherjar” led Loki through the throne room where “Odin” sat upon Hliðskjálf, glaring down at him with his single eye. Loki kept a smirk on his face, the chains leading from his wrists to his ankles clinking together as he walked. He was not going to allow Maw or the Other to break him again. This was the longest they had let a scenario play out though. Honesty, Loki was surprised they hadn’t broken the illusion by now. Loki’s purposeful loss this time around should have angered them greatly. He couldn’t help but wonder what their game was now.            In his peripheral vision, he spotted his mother. No, not his mother, only the illusion of the woman he wished beyond all measure truly was his mother. Even knowing it was an illusion, Loki’s chest tightened upon seeing her. It’s not really her, he reminded himself.            Smirk still firmly in place; he stopped before the fake Frigga when she said his name. “Hello mother,” he said continuing to play his part and turning to face her. “Have I made you proud?” Was it Maw or the Other wearing her visage?            “Please,” she begged, “don’t make this worse.”            “Define worse.”            “Enough!” Well, they had finally gotten Odin’s tone right. “I will speak to the prisoner alone.”            A look of displeasure crossed Frigga’s face before she quit the room. Loki took a few steps closer to the throne and clicked his heels together like a good little soldier. He couldn’t keep himself from laughing though. Truly his children were taking this charade too f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja & Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Mind Control
Aftermath of Torture
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel)-centric
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Post-Avengers (2012)
Family Angst
Family Feels
Hurt/Comfort
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Good Odin (Marvel)
Protective Frigga (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja & Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team

