Chapter 1: Nothing but a Picture
    




Chapter Text

The Tesseract has awakened. 

It is on a little world. A human world. 

They would wield its power, but our ally knows its workings as they never will. 

He is ready to lead. 

And our force-- our Chitauri-- will follow. 

A world will be his. The universe yours. 

And the humans, what can they do but burn?
***“Okay, here’s how it’s gonna go.” “Is this going to be different than the last time you told me how it was going to go?” Ned asked, laying down flat on his back on the couch while Peter paced in front of the television. “Or can we skip ahead to the part where I tell you you’re overthinking this?”Peter paused his pacing to look down and scowl at him. “This is how it’s gonna go,” he repeated a bit more insistently. “Okay, okay, okay,” Ned waved his hands up in the air as a sign for him to continue. “So you know that movie theater over by the fancy once-a-year Thai place?” Peter asked. “Yeah.”“They’re having a mini Agnes Varda film festival next week,” he continued, sweating under his arms more than was normal just discussing this plan and hoping that wasn’t a bad sign for what it would be like to enact said plan. “And you know how much she likes Agnes Varda--”“She’s a film major, of course she loves Agnes Varda.”“So I’m gonna buy tickets for us to go,” Peter ignored the snark. “Because movies are romantic as shit, especially when you’re trying to convince a literal filmmaker that you’re worth dating, right?”“Absolutely.”“And I know what you’re thinking,” Peter switched his voice to a painfully inaccurate imitation of Ned. “Peter, you and MJ do stuff on your own all the time-- how’s she’s supposed to know it’s a date--”“What kind of muppet voice--”“Well, thank you so much for asking,” Peter cut him off and began ticking off items on his fingers. “I’m going to wear a whole outfit of clean clothes; I’m gonna pick her up from her apartment and walk her to the theater; I’m gonna buy her whatever concessions she wants-- to a limit, because I’m romantic but also very poor; I’m gonna hold her hand during the movie; I’m gonna walk her to her door at the end of the night--”“Did you get this off of a listicle?” Ned asked as he sat up. “It sounds kinda like you got it off a listicle. Buzzfeed or something, but from 1953.”“Ned,” Peter whined, slumping down to sit on the coffee table so he was closer to eye-level with his friend. “Okay, alright,” Ned sat all the way up. “Dude. Peter. This all sounds great, but you have got to chill out.” Peter sighed and dropped his elbows to his knees, let his face fall into his hands where he mumbled a barely comprehensible, “I know.” “It’s just MJ!” Ned laughed. “You know how to talk to MJ.”Peter lifted his face and shot him a look as if to say do I, though? and Ned just shrugged. “Most of the time you know how to talk to MJ,” he corrected himself. Face back in his hands, Peter groaned as Ned laughed brightly and shoved at his shoulder gently. “The movie thing is a good idea!” he assured. “Just don’t be too much of a weirdo-- Y’know, she likes weird, but don’t be the creepy kind of weird?”“I’m gonna drop you in the Hudson,” Peter said flatly. “You’ve got this, Spidey,” Ned ignored the comment. “Right,” Peter nodded to himself, kept nodding, got a little bit stuck with the nodding. “I got this, I totally got this. Just gotta be myself!” he lifted his hands in an awkward sort of shrug.Ned made a face. “Well…”
“The Hudson, Ned!”
***He went into Midtown as Peter Parker to buy two movie tickets, tucked them away safely in his backpack, and then swung away from Midtown as Spider-Man. The knowledge that he had feelings that were maybe a bit more than friendship-centric about Michelle Jones wasn’t new to him, but that was part of the problem. Peter had gotten so accustomed to pining after her from a distance, that he had gotten comfortable in that spot, and the idea of risking it by bringing his relationship-incompetence into the picture was terrifying. But he was going to do it, and he was going to do right by her, and it was going to be fine. Fine? Fine. Probably. Right?“MJ! Hi, how are you--” he paced, walking the narrow lip of the roof he’d claimed that afternoon as he talked to himself. “Great-- I’m glad and-- I’m also--” he sighed. “A big fat idiot.” Peter bent his knees, tossed his body up into the air in a back flip, and landed heel-to-toe where he’d been standing once more. “MJ, you look lovely this evening-- May I take your coat?” he tried again. “No-- You don’t-- You’re gonna walk, don’t take her coat on the way out of the apartment-- Idiot. Idiot, idiot.” He pivoted, started walking back the other direction, arms out for balance even though he didn’t need them to be. “Hi, MJ, it’s me Peter,” he continued glibly. “Do you find me completely unbearable or would you maybe wanna kiss sometime?” “I think that’s the one.”Peter’s head whipped around, and if he hadn’t been him he very well might have toppled over the edge with the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
The Avengers (2012) Reimagined
College Student Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Break
Genius Peter Parker
canon nudged to the left
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon-typical snark
Comic Book Science
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter just wants to ask his best friend on a date but y'know. aliens.
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Michelle Jones

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

