Work Text:
Steve dares to stick his head into the workshop on a Tuesday which had so far been filled only with paperwork, and as soon as he actually comprehends what he's seeing, he kind of just wants to forget the filing and the G-33 forms and just stay down there forever.Tony is working. Correction: Tony is inventing.He's standing with his back to Steve, tipped slightly forward to study what can only be schematics, but they're unlike any plans Steve's ever seen, because they're not on paper at all, they're all around him, filaments of light reacting to Tony's gestures and winking in and out of sight.Tony makes a careless gesture to one side and an image of what could have been a circuit board banishes itself to what Steve had initially thought to be a television, but which apparently was yet another monitor. Tony pays it no mind, just adjusts more of what's in front of him, muttering to Jarvis as he goes on. For once there’s no music; Pepper must have shut it off while Tony wasn’t paying attention. It leaves the room feeling strangely monastic, even as Tony’s motions remain frenetic and inconstant.Steve finds himself leaning against the door frame, content to watch even while his hands itch for paper and charcoal. It wouldn’t be very useful here, anyway; what he really wants is thick black paper and bright pastels, or maybe colored pencils. Otherwise he’d never begin to capture the symphony of light Tony’s orchestrating just now.Tony makes an indecipherable noise and steps back for a second, cocking his head and then moving forward again, pulling up a long scroll of data and then pushing parts of it open, dictating annotations that appear in spidering lines to the left and right, expanding and falling into place, schematics shifting and accommodating new variables, new physical implications. He’s strangely graceful, a bit birdlike on the whole, all sharp angles and twitching, idiosyncratic gestures that somehow come together into wider arcs of movement that make his back muscles flex and twist.Steve dares, for a moment, to admire him.Then he notices something else.He knows he could never match or even fully comprehend Tony's sheer technical genius, but here in the workshop he realizes that he can begin to follow its process. It's unsettling and compelling all at once, a dance for him between confusion and feeling out the the blurred edges of understanding as he watches designs take shape and change. He's a visual learner, always has been, and Tony isn't teaching him right now, but Steve's learning anyway.The modern world has been loud and overwhelming to Steve in ways he often can't predict; he adapts quickly enough, quicker probably than anyone else would in his position, but until this moment he hasn't felt the rush of difference and jarring strangeness accompanied by something else that's positive and comfortable. Tony embodies everything Steve finds alien about the 21st century, but somehow his natural environment, made of clean holographic interfaces and nearly physical interactivity, is something that Steve can haltingly begin to come to grips with.He tries not to think about the implications of this, and fails.Tony makes a hmph noise, jabs a finger at two items in the central schema and moves to toss them out of existence with a sweeping underhanded throw that brings him around to face in Steve's direction. He startles when he spots him, hands faltering slightly, causing the two balls of light to scatter and roll, one of them coming to 'rest' at Steve's feet.Steve looks down at it for a moment, and then bends down."It's not real, you're gonna—"He closes his fingers around it. Or rather, he halts his motion when it looks like he’s holding it. It is just an image--he can't feel it.But when he turns his hand, the ball comes with it."Huh," Tony says, after a second.Steve straightens, and mimes a toss in Tony's direction. The ball obeys, and Tony catches it, his expression unreadable."Jarvis must really like you," he says, banishing the ball properly to the recycle bin.Steve chooses not to comment. Instead he walks forward into the workspace, dodging shining planes of code and spare armor plans. "What are you making?" he asks. "It looks incredible.""Everything I do is incredible," Tony scoffs, but then he leans forward slightly and adds, "And this is definitely on the higher end of incredible. But, as it happens, it's also incredibly boring. Flight stabilizers, just making some improvements and adjustments. Lemme show you something you'll actually like.""I don't want to interrupt—""You're not. Or, well, you did, but now that you have, it's fine, I can switch over. Hey, actually, this could be interesting. Pepper’s usually the only other person who ever comes down here on a regular basis, and she definitely doesn’t like to mess with my UI, so I’ve never really had an extra pair of hands to work with. Not that I need them,” he says pointedly, “But still. God knows you’ll at least be more competent than Dum
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Slash

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

