Chapter 1: What in Hel?
    




Chapter Text

Beige stone walls crumpled, the debris falling unceremoniously from the wall to the floor. They groaned from the constant strain forced upon them. Beaten up rusted blue lockers quaked from some unseen force. The bell screeched in the background. From the main hall an unearthly orange glow emitted from a large broken window.
 
In the center of the destruction, a raven haired boy kneeled, head tucked in between his knees, his knuckles white from the strength at which he gripped his hair. He muttered meaningless assurances under his breath quietly. 
 
Haunting cired echoed throughout the small corridor. Pain and agony coming in waves. The boy cried along with them breathlessly. His back heaving in sync with the cires. 
 
“I’m sorry!” He cried, “I’m sorry!”
 
Alas, his pleas were to no use. If anything, the cries became louder, more taunting. The boy whimpered while pulling his body closer together.
 
“Please! I-I’m so sorry!”
 
The echoing cries stopped, the only sound now coming from the boys whimpers. He clawed at his ears, the sound of his own cries making his stomach roll.
 
The ground underneath him shook. He abruptly fell backward eyes now lifelessly staring up at the cream ceiling. At first, the deep growl was soft coming from behind him, but it steadily grew louder to the point where the boy brought his hands back up to his ears clenching his eyes shut.
 
“Stupid boy,” The voice hissed, “You’re all alone now.”
 
The familiarity of the voice did not go past the boy. He knew exactly who was speaking to him. Nausea took over, sending the boy spiraling downwards into an empty black abyss. Hot air burned at his skin, blisters instantly forming.
 
“Inevitably, you will become me.”
 
 
Darkness shrouded him. Arms wildly flailing against the bonds holding him down. He was trapped. His breathing was restricted from the dark against him. He heaved needing air. He needed it now. Gasping, he used all the strength he had and an arm broke free throwing off the restraint. It successfully tumbled to the ground along with him. 
 
Danny yelped as he landed on the cool mahogany floor underneath. The sudden impact brought him back to reality. He heaved breath after breath. His heart raced. Leaning his head against the bedframe he continued to breathe. Slowly, yet surely calming down his racing heartbeat.  It had felt like his heart was trying to implode from his chest. 
 
It was the same thing every night. Constant nightmares holding him hostage leaving him breathless, sweaty, and stomach-churning every morning he woke up to his new life. 
 
The door to the room opened slowly revealing Vlad Masters. Danny turned away from the man not wanting to look at him any longer than he had already. It was pathetic, sometimes he debated about running away and just living on the streets somewhere far away from here. Maybe he could still try his luck in the ghost zone. If he was lucky, then Clockwork might feel the tiniest bit of guilt for him and let him crash there.
 
“Daniel, glad to see you awake are your things packed for this weekend?”
 
The boy scoffed under his breath. Of course, that was impossible. Vlad had finally gotten what he wanted and he was not about to let Danny slip from his grasp this easily. It would be futile.
 
“I still don’t see why you need me to go with you.” He said instead pushing his other thoughts to the side.
 
Vlad sighed as he leaned against the door while adjusting his red tie, “Well seeing as you would be the new heir to my business if I were to so tragically pass then you would be next in line little badger.”
 
“Now, I don't plan on dying soon,” Vlad chuckled, “But seeing as you’re here and your track record of having the people close to you die may change that.”
 
Danny whipped his head toward Vlad angrily, quickly rising uncontrollably. He felt the cold-core inside of him twitch begging for release. It wanted him to not hold back and attack in a way he had seen before. He knew he had the capability to and all he had to do was let go and let himself sit on the sideline for a few minutes. Looking past his own rage, Danny saw the sly smile adorning the older man's features. This was a joke to him, having Vlad’s blood on his hands would do nothing more than make him what he feared he would become. It just wasn't worth it, at least for the deranged billionaire in front of him it wasn't. 
 
“We are leaving tonight, make sure you are ready to go by eight o’clock sharp Daniel.” 
 
The heavy door shut quietly leaving Danny alone once again in silence. He looked down at his hands. They were steaming with dark green energy too similar to a foe he thought he could never become.

 
An hour later with a shower and fresh clothes on Danny felt like a new person. Well, new considering he had quieted the rage filing up his core trying to twist itself in his head. After finishing getting dressed Danny plopped on the unmade bed. He reached for the tv remote on the bedside 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Danny Fenton/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Danny Fenton Needs A Hug
Everyone Is Gay
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Parent Tony Stark
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Danny Fenton is a Little Shit
so is Peter Parker
Buzzfeed Unsolved Supernatural
Slow Burn
Steve Rogers Redemption
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Danny and Bucky friendship
Mild Kidnapping
Danny sacrificing himself for literally anything
Peter too
Let Danny say fuck
Ghost King Danny Fenton
But he denies it
clockwork is a father figure
Time Travel

fandom: 
Danny Fenton/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

