Work Text:
When Loki was thrown in jail on Asgard after his attempt to conquer Midgard, he was allotted one pleasure per month.It was Frigga’s way of still caring for her son even though he was under severe punishment. She was able to furnish his cell and feed him more than the cheap grub the other prisoners got, but that was all Odin allowed. He had, however, agreed to one pleasure per month, in order to prevent Loki from attempting to break out of his cell. He assumed that giving Loki a bit of leisure would make him less likely to rebel, so he permitted this decision to move forward.In the beginning, Loki asked for books, a special meal, the occasional dagger - “no, mother, I will not be using it to break out, I just want to intimidate the other prisoners and have a bit of fun, of course” - but it quickly got boring. Loki had figured he would be out of jail within a month or two, perhaps even half a year if things were going slowly up above. However, that wasn’t how events were playing out. Months went by and Loki was finding that it seemed there would be no way out soon. It was then he began considering these granted pleasures with more thought.He ordered more extravagant gifts, ones that would bring him comfort, but they never succeeded. Something was missing, something that would calm the storm that constantly brewed within him. It was a question he could not find the answer to.Until he saw you. You were delivering his mid day meals when Loki first caught sight of you. You had demurely dropped his bowl of stew at the magical barrier and waited until it slid through into his cell. He watched you carefully as you stood and glanced his way. That one glance told him everything he needed to know about you.You were innocent. You were pure. You were new to this assignment. But above all, you wanted him. He could see it in the depths of your irises. They were dark and sparkling with mischief - a signal he knew like the back of his hand. Loki had noticed the way your pupils dilated when you looked his way and how the corners of your lips quirked up into a little grin. After you left, Loki continued to watch you walk away. Once you were gone, Loki retrieved the stew and noticed you had slipped him an extra bit of bread. Ah, you were a kind little thing too. You brought Loki his meals for the next week, and as the time for Loki to decide on his next pleasure approached, he was sure of what he would ask for. Every time you came to him, your eyes glittered, you smirked at him, and at one point, you had even glanced down at his trousers. That was a treat in and of itself. It was then that Loki realized what he was missing - sex. Rough, lusty, passionate sex. He needed it, craved it like a lost drug. He sincerely missed the feeling of making someone submit to his will, cry from pleasure, beg for pain. Loki could see that you wanted him and now, the hunt was on. Loki would be receiving his single pleasure of the month, and this month, it would be you.Loki put his request in the moment Frigga arrived a few days later. He told her that he wanted the pretty little servant who kept delivering his meals to be his pleasure that month. When Frigga didn’t respond, he explained he had been awfully lonely and would like one full day for you to enter his cell. You could be scanned for weapons or anything that could be considered dangerous or helpful in breaking Loki out. All he asked was that once you were in, the guards would not disturb you both. It took some convincing but Loki managed to work his manipulative Silver Tongue and eventually, Frigga agreed. You arrived early the next day. The guards permitted you to slip through the magical gates. They turned their backs on Loki’s cell, not quite leaving him alone but also not disturbing him. You stood there with your hands behind your back, eyes wide as you looked at the dark, fallen Prince. Loki stood across the cell, arms crossed over his chest as he looked you up and down.“My Prince?” you asked, shifting a bit nervously under his scrutinizing gaze. “What is your name, little maid?” Loki asked, not moving from his spot. You said your name softly and Loki hummed, eyes continuing to scan your body. “Do you know why you’re here?”“Queen Frigga said I was to spend time in your company for the day, my Prince,” you said. Loki’s lips quirked up into a mischievous grin and he uttered a slight chuckle. He pushed himself forward and stalked over to you, eyes dark and heavy. When he reached you, he began circling you like a predator. You stayed as still as you could, though both of you took note of the heavy breathing coming from your nose. “M-My Prince, am I in trouble?”“Oh, kitten. You are not in trouble, not at all,” Loki said, finally standing beside you. His fingers brushed the underside of your chin as he leaned in. His pointed nose stroked its way up the side of your face and you shivered. You had never been this close to Loki and now that you were, it was leaving you rather breath
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
loki (marvel) & you

freeform: 
Smut
Shameless Smut
Vaginal Sex
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Sex
Public Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Fingerfucking
Finger Sucking
Blow Jobs
Deepthroating
Cunnilingus
degrading
Breeding
just a pinch
Suspension
Bondage
Exhibitionism
Voyeurism
Dirty Talk
Master/Pet
Master/Slave
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Dom/sub
Dom Loki (Marvel)
POV Second Person
no y/n
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
loki (marvel) & you

