Work Text:
“Jesus,” Bucky says, running his fingers over Steve’s arms, so wide now they make Bucky’s hands look small. He reaches Steve’s shoulders and opens his mouth against Steve’s throat. “I can’t fuckin’ get over this, pal.” He can feel the muscles shifting under Steve’s skin as Steve shudders, like there’s something in him that can’t be contained now, or like that something he’s always had has finally been made physical.“It’s still me,” Steve says. It is still Steve – his breath is still ragged, his pulse still jumps and races as Bucky rolls his hips into Steve’s and sucks a faint mark onto his collarbone. The height difference is backward now, though. Bucky’s grinding up into Steve’s thigh.“I know,” Bucky says, “Christ, I know that,” because he’s not – he wouldn’t be doing this with just anyone, struggling to keep quiet in Captain America’s private quarters, trying to resist the urge to leave marks high up on Steve’s neck, right where everyone will see them. He’s never done this with just anyone. There have been girls, sure, plenty of girls back home, but Bucky’s never felt safe and vulnerable all at once when he’s been on his knees for a dame. He’s been on his knees for Steve before, twice back when they were in Brooklyn, too far gone on cheap beer and untainted by war. Steve had still been smaller than him, but with Bucky’s knees going numb on the cheap carpet of his apartment, the height difference had been turned on its head then, too.Bucky doesn’t think he’d do those things with anyone other than Steve. He’d never say it, but it makes him grip Steve’s shoulders more tightly.“You’re goddamn huge,” Bucky says, and Steve’s laughing into their kiss, deep vibrations against Bucky’s lips. Bucky rocks his hips again. He can feel Steve even through his pants, and it seems Bucky could have been referring to a couple of things there, with that one. “You could, like,” he gasps. He’s breathless. It seems to have caught up with him all out of nowhere, the heat in Steve’s eyes and the burning of his body stopping his breath in his throat. “Fucking – hold me up and fuck me, right?”Bucky’s never let anyone do that to him. He never thought he would, but he can’t hide something like that from himself. He would, now, with Steve. Probably would have back in New York, if Steve had ever even thought to ask.“What?” Steve asks. His eyes are wide, and his cheeks are flushed; Bucky can’t tell if he’s blushing or it’s just from the heat of their bodies so close together. “I don’t – I’ve never – you know that, Bucky.”Something light floats through Bucky’s body at the way Steve still stumbles over talking about sex. It means Steve’s still innocent, or at least innocent with the exception of him, and Bucky likes being that exception. It makes him lower his mouth back to Steve’s neck, scrape his teeth along the long line of his throat, worry at the skin at the juncture of his shoulder until Steve makes a rough noise. These days, Steve looks like he’s the kind of guy who should be fighting the dames off with a stick, even out here near the front line, and Bucky’s seen the men looking, too, brief glances that he recognises because it’s how he’s been looking at Steve for his whole life.“I know you haven't, baby,” Bucky mutters. He can feel himself blushing now, but he’s always the same, with girls and with Steve – his mouth runs away from him in these situations. “I know, what do you wanna do? Jeez, I missed you.”“I missed you,” Steve says,  the seriousness of his tone at odds with the odd twitches of his hips into Bucky’s. “I thought, you know. I wouldn’t have ever stopped until I found you. I don’t – I don’t know, Bucky,” he chokes out, because Bucky knows Steve, and knows that he’ll stop saying words that are so hard to hear if he worms his hand between them and shoves it down Steve’s waistband.Steve lifts one hand from where they’re both resting warm on Bucky’s waist to curve it around the back of his neck, and his hands really are huge, fingers long and thick against his skin as Steve pulls him in and up to kiss him again. Steve’s fingertips brush over the chain of his dog tags, and he follows its path around to Bucky’s chest, drops his hand down to rest over the tags.  They make a noise, a quiet clink almost lost to the heavy, damp mix of their breath. Bucky’s panting against Steve’s mouth.Steve pulls away just far enough to glance down at the chain. “James,” he reads, “James Barnes,” and Bucky tugs his hand away and presses right in, chest against Steve’s, just thin t-shirts separating them now, and drags him into another rough kiss.“What do you wanna do?” he repeats. Demands. “Steve.”“Bucky,” Steve murmurs, and Bucky thinks that maybe Steve really doesn’t know what to do, doesn’t know about his likes and dislikes and his reactions in this new body, that maybe Steve is a little scared of his own strength now. “Tell me…”“I wanna suck you off,” Bucky says without giving it a moment’s thought, and Steve makes that low, helple
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Best Friends
who also have sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

