Chapter 1



Notes:
Past Abuse Warning (New Tag): This chapter includes brief, non-graphic episode of physical abuse of an adult by a homophobic parent. If you think you might want to skip this scene, please visit the end chapter notes for details and skip instructions.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
    
bucky 
 
Bucky Barnes is eight years old the first time he sees a grainy, black and white picture of Captain America. It’s printed in a big, hardback book with lots of glossy pages, something he pulls down from the shelf in his third-grade classroom. He sounds out “Howlies” and he giggles because it reminds him of his dog.

 

He is ten years old when he goes as Cap for Halloween. He gets more peanut butter cups from his neighbors than he ever has before.

 
Bucky is fourteen—or is he thirteen?—when he turns in a six-page book report on the European theater in the Second World War with an entire section written about the P.O.W. rescue in Azzano, Italy. He’s sure that he’s aced it, but Mrs. Johnson marks him down to a ‘C+’ and returns it to him with sprawling scratches in red pen all over his favorite parts, and then a frowning face accompanies a comment: ‘Injecting too much of your own voice. The assignment was not to offer your personal opinion on Captain Rogers’s prowess in strategic thinking.’ 
He is seventeen years old when he reads the flashing news headlines about what the government has found in the Arctic. Not two months later, Bucky’s parents push him and Becca into the basement, desperately shouting at them to kneel and pray until they are told to stop. Mom and Pops kneel next to them and recite their favorite verses from the Bible in panicked, whispering voices, and Bucky makes himself look compliant and busy by mouthing the lyrics of whatever pop songs show up in his head. He keeps one eye open all the while so he can watch the team of superheroes on the television’s live news feed dash across the Manhattan skyline, terrifying beings straight out of a science fiction novel beating them to shit while they try their level best to save the whole world. 

 

Bucky is twenty when he sees a picture snapped by a journalist of Captain America returning from Sokovia. He is also twenty when he closes his eyes in bed and thinks of a broad man with a dirty, torn suit and dried blood and sweat on his face.

 

He is twenty-three when his mother starts screaming and crying—and then he isn’t twenty-three, but ash. 

He is twenty-three when he next opens his eyes. His sister—five years Bucky’s junior—is also twenty-three.

 
Bucky Barnes is twenty-five when he meets his lifelong hero and idol. His hero likes to lie.       — 




october 20, 2025


| 238 days until harvest |
 Bucky runs.His boots get caught in the freshly-wet mud, sticking to his soles and sucking him in, but he uses all the strength he has to struggle past it. He has his eyes on his destination—the house, not more than two hundred yards away—but the fastest path there means Bucky won’t make it alone.Bucky still tries.Even with the tears clouding his vision, he can see Steve’s eyes go wide across the gradually shrinking distance between them. Steve takes off in his direction to meet him, running probably ten times faster than Bucky does because that’s something Steve can do.“Buck! What’s wrong? What did you—”Bucky doesn’t stop running, but he can’t take his eyes off Steve’s face. He can tell that Steve thinks Bucky is sprinting into his arms instead of desperately praying he can evade him, and all Bucky can think about is that Steve dares to assume Bucky would find comfort there; that Bucky will trust him to ease the pain.Bucky won’t. Steve is the one who has caused this pain. Steve is the reason for the feeling in his heart.Steve tries to catch him and wrap him up in his arms, but Bucky surprises him, jerking away and not allowing himself to be held back. He’s lucky when the struggle shocks Steve so much that he lets Bucky go, and then Bucky has made it—he’s gone. Bucky is home free unless Steve chases after him.“Bucky!” Steve shouts—someone shouts, a man with Steve’s face as a mask, an actor playing a character pasted together from pieces Bucky should have recognized. He doesn’t know whether to believe the lilt of pain in that voice. Bucky doesn’t turn back.    He somehow makes it upstairs without hearing Steve follow him into the house. Bucky shuts his bedroom door, turning a lock he hasn’t used since his first night staying there.Not that it would matter, he thinks to himself. Steve—if he’s who he doesn’t say he is—could get through the door without breaking a sweat. Bucky doesn’t think he would, but that’s the thing: he doesn’t know.Because Bucky doesn’t know Steve.He’s still catching his breath when he hears the loud banging of the screen door opening and closing. The sound of muddy, boot-clad feet dashing up the stairwell follows.“Buck!” Steve calls, not sounding even halfway short
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Retired Steve Rogers
Modern Bucky Barnes
Guilt
Anger and Confusion Due to Lying
homophobic parents
Homophobia
Past Abuse
Virgin Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Virginity Kink
Size Difference
Size Kink
Hyperspermia
Anal Fingering
Anal Training
Blow Jobs
Sex Toys
Bucky Is 25
Steve is 40
Age Difference
Daddy Kink
daddy Steve Rogers
Twink Bucky Barnes
Farmer Steve Rogers
Identity Reveal
Love Confessions
Anal Sex
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Large Cock
Stomach Distension
Rimming
Emotional Sex
Aftercare
Loss of Virginity
Domestic Bliss
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

