Chapter 1: Forget about me
    




Chapter Text
Tony didn’t know why he was so nervous. No, he did know why he was so nervous but he hated that he was because it was ridiculous. It was pathetic and embarrassing and he should definitely not be nervous right now but he was. And he hated it. He stood in the airport lobby, feeling extremely vulnerable and open while he waited to see a familiar set of curly chocolate brown hair and the same big brown eyes that matched his own. The problem was that the sight he was waiting for may not be all that familiar at all. Tony hadn’t seen Peter in almost five months. He’s video chatted him a couple of times but FaceTime just doesn’t do justice. He was also feeling a bit guilty now since he hadn’t really made that much of an effort. Sure, he was really busy with work and other things and he could make the time to hop on a plane and go see his son but the problem was that he was scared. He was terrified that Peter was going to look away if he showed up at his door. Now, all of that didn’t matter anyways since Peter was coming to him. Not only was Peter coming for a visit but he was coming to stay. Tony didn’t know for how long. This was never supposed to be the plan. Never. He didn’t think he could do this whole parenting thing. He was scared he was going to fail. So when he spotted the curly chocolate brown hair and big eyes walking towards him, Tony felt like he couldn’t breathe. He didn’t know why he felt like he was meeting a stranger for the first time. Peter was his son. He hated that he felt this way. Tony slipped his sunglasses on and sniffled, watching Peter slowly walk towards him as if it was the very last thing that Peter wanted to do. Once he was close enough, Tony smiled. “Hey, kid. You’ve grown what, two whole inches since the last time I’ve seen you.” Peter spared a glance up at Tony then quickly looked away. “It’s crazy how much someone can grow when you haven’t seen them for five months.” Tony didn’t expect that cheap shot but he didn’t comment on it. He didn’t want to start the time he had with his son with a lecture and an argument. “Want me to grab your bag? It looks heavy.” Peter stood up straighter, grabbing his suitcase closer to himself and pulling the backpack he had on his back tighter. “I’m strong.” “Yeah, I bet you are.” Tony cringed. He had absolutely no idea what to say to Peter. Peter was his son and he didn’t know how to talk to him. It was sad. Tony hated himself for it. He wanted to make more of an effort. He should have tried harder because now Peter was eleven and didn’t want anything to do with him. He missed out on so much of his kids' life. After Peter was born, Tony and Mary lived together and tried so hard to make it work for the first two years of Peter’s life but… Peter wasn’t planned. He was an accident since neither of them wanted kids. They both wanted to focus on their careers but when Tony found out Mary was pregnant with his child, he was the one who told her to keep it since Mary’s first option was to get an abortion. Two years later, Tony found Mary sleeping with another man in their bed with Peter asleep in the next room. Tony took Peter after that and wanted to raise Peter on his own but Mary fought him and won. In hindsight, Tony should have fought harder for his son but he didn’t because he convinced himself that Peter would be better off without him. He convinced himself that he would be a horrible father and he believed it. So, Mary raised Peter as a single mother. Tony only ever seeing Peter every other holiday and a few days during summer vacation. That was it. Now, Tony looked down at Peter, his son, and watched him pull his suitcase along the airport floor. Peter was used to the heat so once he stepped outside, it was going to be a complete shock to him. That’s all Tony could think of. He wanted to ask Peter questions about himself but he didn’t really know how or what to ask. Once they got outside, Peter turned to look up at his father. “Uh, where’s your car?” “Is over this way. Are you cold at all? You’re probably used to the hot weather in Malibu.” Peter gave a little smile at that and it made Tony’s heart swell a bit. The eleven year old scratched the back of his neck. “I’m fine actually. I remember what New York weather is like.” Tony tried to think of the last time Peter came to visit him. It had to have been over a year since Tony last saw Peter in Malibu. The fact that he can’t even remember it is sad. They walk across the parking lot and Tony unlocked the car. “You can pick the songs if you want. It’s about a forty minute drive home, Uh, to the tower.” Peter only nodded and let Tony put his suitcase in the truck for him but he took his backpack into the backseat with him. Once Tony loaded up the truck, he walked around the car and looked at Peter who was staring in the backseat. “Everything okay?” Peter turned to look up at him. “I don’t have a car seat. I still sit in one at home.” Fuck. Tony was alread
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Kid Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Molestation
Mary is a bad mother
tony is Trying
Peter is eleven
Bed-Wetting
Peter Parker is a Mess
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Drug Addiction
Alternate Universe
Angst with a Happy Ending
Touch-Starved
Recovery

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

