Chapter 1: Eros sharpens his arrow... for revenge.
    




Chapter Text

Anger. Anger has many outlets. 

 

Not all are healthy. 

 

Loki's outlets had not been healthy at all. At least, not in recent times. He was well past caring now. He only cared about letting it out in some manner. 

 

The first recipient of his anger had been Thanos, of course... who he had snatched from his high floating chair and thrown in a dying star with the help of the Tesseract. It was foolish of the Titan to have expected Loki to simply deliver an Infinity Stone to him.

 

Loki had then thought of dealing with Odin the same way... but... going back to Asgard was not an option right now. There was too much pain attached with the realm, and Loki was all about anger right now.

 

So the next recipient of his anger had to be the so-called mightiest heroes of Midgard… the same ones who had celebrated their tenuous victory over him.

 

Despite outmaneuvering the mad Titan, Loki had still failed on certain levels during the battle of Midgard. That green fool had smashed him hard enough to make him vulnerable. And the rest of the group, including his brother, had captured him. Thor had almost taken him back to Asgard... where he was sure to be executed by Odin. 

 

But now that he had the Tesseract in his hold, and no one, not even Thanos, could touch him... he could go anywhere, and do anything. 

 

So now, he was bent on having some fun at the expense of those who had wronged him on Midgard...

 

Reaching Tony's Stark's tower was quite easy. It reached up into the sky like a grotesque replica of a phallus. Loki had half a mind to completely dismantle it, but no... that would be too easy.

 

He wanted to play with the Avengers. To dismantle their minds a bit. To drive them as mad as he had been driven in his trials. 

 

So with that intent, he entered the tower and messed with its power supply. The bright, nearly bustling building suddenly went dark. Loki took not just its main power line, he drained all of its back-ups too, including that artificial embodiment of Stark's ego--

Jarvis

.

 

He was quite thankful to Barton for imparting the basic knowledge to him regarding contemporary Midgardian technology. The rest... he just figured out himself. It wasn’t that hard.

 

Now, as he sauntered through the dark corridors of Stark's home and hub, he chuckled to himself as he listened to the chaos all around him. He simply needed to find Stark's personal quarters now, and then he could begin his mischief...

 

You had been interviewing the enigmatic Tony Stark in his room when the lights went out.

 

He had just gotten done explaining how he had figured out how to get the arc reactor to work during his time imprisoned in Afghanistan when the lights flickered, then died. Even the emergency lights didn’t come on. In the pitch blackness, you heard Tony let out a nervous laugh.

 

You knew that sound. That was the sound people made when something was seriously wrong, but they didn’t want to panic the company.

 

It was a familiar reaction in your line of work. As a journalist for your entire career, you thrived in high-intensity, dangerous situations. You had been in Libya and Egypt during the Arab Spring. You had been in Hong Kong during the protests against China. You had been in war zones and seedy underbellies and guerrilla resistance camps all over the world, documenting and shedding light on these horrific, terrifying realities.

 

Just another day in the office.

 

You had agreed to do this in-depth piece on the Avengers as something of a break. Your last feature - following child soldiers in Zimbabwe - had left you more than a little drained, and you needed something a bit less intense before finding your next adrenaline rush that you could turn into a Pulitzer Prize winning story. You were living in the Avengers’ Tower for a month to understand this mysterious, powerful team of superhumans. Easy, you thought. It would probably be dull.

 

Now, you weren’t so sure.

 

“Didn’t you say the arc reactor powered this building?” you asked Tony, still blinded by the darkness. “It’s supposed to last for centuries, isn’t it?”

 

“Yea, it is,” he responded, and you heard his chair scrape across the floor as he stood. “I need to go check this out. We’ll pick this up later, ok?”

 

“Sure,” you responded, keeping your voice even, even though your heart began to pound. 

Something 

was happening; your instincts could feel it. But without sight, you couldn’t know what it was.

 

Loki heard the conversation in silence, just sitting in the pitch darkness of the spacious room. Apparently, Stark was enough of a narcissist to call someone to interview him regarding his work and what all it entailed. 

 

What a bore...

 

Loki watched him tap on his watch to get it to glow, but it didn't. Loki had destroyed its inner workings just as he had entered the room. Now, with his superior natural vision, he could see Stark panicking. 

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Smut
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Fantasy
Gratuitous Smut
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape Fantasy
Rough Sex
Het
Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Sex
Sex Toys
Voyeurism
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Threesome - F/M/M
Threesome
Gangbang
Double Penetration
Foursome - F/M/M/M
my kinks let me show them to you
Kinky
Warning: Loki (Marvel)
Shameless Smut
extreme kink
so many kinks
Kinks galore
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Angry Loki (Marvel)
Angry Sex
Post-Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Fear Play
Anal Play
Creepy Loki (Marvel)
Blindfolds
Bondage
BDSM
Non-Consensual Touching
Magic
Sharing
Dirty Talk
Choking
S&M
Mind Games
Mindfuck
Submission
Forced Orgasm
Stockholm Syndrome
Inspired by Eros and Psyche (Ancient Greek Religion & Lore)

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

