Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter wakes gradually. The floor beneath him is freezing cement, his head is absolutely throbbing with pain, and his hands and fingers are stiff and numb from restraints that have recently been removed. He rolls to one side, blinks at the blank cement wall in front of himself, then rolls over some more and flops onto his back with a grunt. The ceiling is just as bleak; smooth cement with bare fluorescent lights bolted to it.He frowns at it. The last thing he remembers is leaving school. It was a half day, as he’d finished his exams early, texted May about staying over at Ned’s place, sent another text to MJ (gif war using gifs only from 90s rom coms; he’s on the losing side of it so far), and then a twitch of his spider senses--Then a pinch at his neck, like a bee sting, but deeper. Darkness. Then here.Huh. Kidnapped. That’s new. If he was less emotionally dead from finals and sleep deprivation, he’d probably have a stronger and much more appropriate reaction to that.Peter sighs, pushing himself up onto his feet and brushing dust off himself. When he finally looks up, he realizes he’s not alone. He’s in a cell between two others, lined by thick steel bars just wide enough to allow him to peer into the other cells. On his right is the Winter Soldier, missing his metal arm, sitting on the ground and watching Peter closely. His jaw is clenched, and there’s blatant concern in his eyes when he meets Peter’s gaze. He’s wearing regular clothes; jeans and a plain t-shirt, and they both look relatively fresh. So he’s probably a recent arrival, too. Peter blinks at him, then turns to his left. The cell on his right has an occupant as well: Steve Rogers, Captain America himself, is chained to the wall of his cell. His hands are trapped inside manacles and suspended above his head. He looks much the same as the Winter Soldier. Clean, healthy, and very, very confused as to why Peter's here. Which makes three of them, to be honest.Okay, three cells, three prisoners. What about the rest of the place?Peter looks around the ceiling, tracing out the lines of cords leading to each camera. He squints up at the lights, the speakers mounted in the corners of the ceiling, the bland metal desk with a phone on top tucked in the corner, and the thick steel door leading out of the cell area, committing each to memory.He does this for two reasons: one, it's a practical use of his time. He might be able to figure out a way to hijack the security system or at least sabotage it. Admittedly, that's a pretty big 'if' at the moment, but hey, he might strike gold. At this point, the universe kind of owes him.Two, it'll keep him from looking at Captain America and the Winter Soldier, who are both still staring at him. Peter is a socially awkward disaster at the best of times; he's not that eager to embarrass himself in front of his childhood hero and a world class assassin yet. They’ll have plenty of time for that later when he can’t keep his mouth shut around whoever kidnapped him.Unfortunately, the first reason ends up sabotaging the second: Captain America's restraints are tied directly to the security system itself. He grips the bars separating their cells and peers at the restraints. Wires trace the outline of the massive manacles suspending his arms in the air. Peter has a sneaking suspicion that breaking those connections might release whatever the glass vials he can see peeking out of the air vents are holding. Crude, but admittedly effective. Peter grips the bars leading into Captain America's cell (still avoiding his eyes) and tests them, using just a bit of his strength. He isn't surprised when they don't move in the least, but he is a tiny bit disappointed. All of the bars surrounding the three cells look to be the same, which means they're meant to keep in people just as strong as Peter. That's not a good sign.Well, Captain America being strung up like a turkey is also a bad sign but whatever. This is probably like a regular Tuesday for the guy. Peter’s still on the new side of being a hero, and this is definitely the first time he’s been kidnapped, so he’s allowed to be a little anxious about it.The door swings open and an average looking man in a dark trenchcoat steps into the room. There’s absolutely nothing special about the guy. He's almost offensively bland. Middle aged, brown hair with a receding hairline and flat brown eyes. If it wasn’t for his current circumstances, Peter wouldn’t even give him a second look.Right now, however, he has Peter’s full attention."Find something interesting about your new accommodations?" the man in the trenchcoat says, his words tinted with an almost stereotypical German accent. And not a recent accent; this German sounds slightly out of date and forced.Which confirms one of Peter’s suspicions, at least."A few things, yeah," Peter replies, turning to face him, shoving his hands into his pockets. "Well, they all add up to one thing, really. So I’ve noticed one inter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hydra (Marvel)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
(somewhat literally)
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Imprisonment

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

