Chapter 1: Life as we know it
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony sat in his car and texted Pepper back. When he looked out his car window, his eyes immediately landed on Peter who was saying bye to his friend and making his way towards the car. A smile was breaking out across both Peter’s and Tony’s face. Since the car was tinted, Peter was only smiling at the fact that he was going to be seeing his dad in a short few seconds. He opened up the passenger door and threw himself in so he could practically jump over the center console to hug his dad. “Hey, I missed you.” Tony was used to this. It was one of the many things he looked forward to during the day, picking Peter up and seeing his big, beautiful smile on his face. “I missed you too. Did you have a good day at school?” Tony asked after Peter was pulling away from him and throwing his backpack into the backseat then turning around to get his seatbelt on. “Yeah! Mr. Martin let us watch a movie in biochemistry class today and then in English, Ned sneezed so hard that his water came out of his nose. It was so funny.” Peter explained to his dad and reached over to grab the man’s hand, starting to play with his wedding ring just to be close to his dad and touching him. Tony let Peter play with his ring. He was used to the frequent gesture by now. “It sounds like you had a fun Friday.” Tony turned out onto the Main Street to go drive to pick Morgan up. “Are you excited for the weekend? You know who’s coming to visit us?” Peter couldn’t stop the excited squeal that he let out. “Yes! Harley! Are we picking him up?” Tony loved seeing Peter so excited about something which happened quite often. Peter was a happy boy. “No, he’s already driving so he should be home before you go to bed.” Tony looked over at Peter. He could see the under eye circles getting worse and worse on his face. He wasn’t too worried about it since they’ve dealt with the phase before but it seemed to be lasting longer this time. Peter was having difficulty sleeping. Tony and Pepper have dealt with the sleep issues for a long time with Peter and they would come and go, some nights were better than others but recently, Peter has been having a really tough time. They’ve been doing everything to help him since the not sleeping phase happens about once a month and last three days to a week but this time, it’s been going on for two weeks now. All three of them were lacking sleep and struggling. Tony would spend a little over two hours trying to get Peter to fall asleep but then Peter would sleep for three hours and wake up screaming due to night terrors. The nights he couldn’t wake up, he’d end up wetting the bed and refuse to go back to sleep for the rest of the night. Tony could see it on Peter’s face even though Peter was trying so hard not to show it. When Peter thought no one was looking, he would rub at his eyes or yawn. Tony saw it every time though. Peter let go of Tony’s hand to try and hide his yawn. Tony looked over at him and pulled up to a red light. “You can see Harley tomorrow morning. He’s home for two weeks. He’s not going anywhere, baby.” Peter gave Tony a dirty look. “I’m not a baby. I’m not ten anymore, I-I don’t need to go to bed at eight anymore like Morgan.” Tony nodded. He has this conversation about ten times a day with Peter. “Alright. We’re picking up food and you get to pick. What do you want?” “Uh… Burger King.” Peter answered and hid another yawn that Tony chose to ignore this time. It was going to be another long and hard night. Peter started to eat the fries while they waited in the pick up lane of Morgan’s school. Tony reached over to grab some as well. He let Peter eat because he didn’t know if Peter was going to be able to stay awake till dinner. Morgan ran to the car and climbed in the back, reaching forward to hug Peter. “Hi! Hey, I want some fries.” Peter handed her some of his. “Did you paint me another picture? I told my teacher that you always paint me a picture so he said next art class I should paint you one.” Tony looked over at Peter suspiciously. “It’s Friday. You had art class today.” Peter tensed up but tried to hide it. “Yeah… I meant like… n-next art class. Do you want more fries, Morg? Me and dad ordered like a lot.” Morgan was reaching forward for some. “Obviously. Hand it back.” Peter handed her back her pack and shoved more into his mouth. Tony didn’t comment on anything since they would be home soon and then he could talk to Pepper about it. Once they got home, Peter was the first one out and ran inside. He immediately ran towards the kitchen to hug Pepper. “Mom! I missed you. I brought fries.” Peter pulled away after greeting his mom and jumped on top of the counter to sit. “How was school, baby?” She asked, reaching into the bag to grab her own fries. Peter swung his legs back and forth. “Good. Can we watch a movie when Harley comes?” Pepper turned to look at her baby’s face. He l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Protective Pepper Potts
Parent Pepper Potts
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Slight forced
Age Regression/De-Aging
a little bit
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Kidnapping
Sleep Deprivation
Evil Steve Rogers
Evil Bucky Barnes
bottles
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Bed-Wetting
Thumb-sucking

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

