Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
 I began my interview with the same apprehension that most of my readers undoubtedly feel when it comes to mutants and the very concept of Genosha. However, being the first and only person on the planet invited to interview the near-fabled royal couple, there was really no option other than attending, and trying to write the best article of my life.Genosha is beautiful. It has sandy beaches, a beautiful blue ocean, palm trees, and Hammer Bay is quickly on its way to a full recovery, thanks to the Independent Sanctuary of Genosha's superpowered population - the same beings that destroyed it in the first place. However, the validity of the mutant uprising has never been questioned, and this reporter isn't arguing that. Their oppression and use as slave labor is well documented, the horrific conditions they were subjected to is unquestionable, and personally, I think the previous Old Genoshan government got what it had coming.But that still doesn't mean I trust Genosha.The palace is a remnant from Old Genosha, a sprawling, still-crumbling building on the highest hill in Hammer Bay. It used to be the sole residence of the Prime Minister, but now it is a triple-functioning building that serves as the government headquarters (as the senate was obliterated in the uprising), an orphanage and training center for the youngest of the mutants who were captured (the youngest on record being five years old), and the home of Genosha's Imperator, Voice, and the Duchess of Mystique.When I entered the building, I had expected to be led into the old great hall. Instead, I was brought to the south wing of the palace and escorted into what had previously been called the English Drawing Room but everyone seemed to call, quite simply, 'their office.' It seems unusual, but as the royal couple is best known for being unrepentantly strange, I wasn't very surprised. When the man escorting me opened one of the double doors and introduced me, I was readily invited in by a friendly voice.At first glance, the royal couple look like a couple of old friends playing chess. There's no adornment on them that signals their positions, and they look completely human. Proof that one should not trust appearances if ever there was any.The Voice of Genosha smiles, moving a rook forward one space on the board, and says, "King me.""I knew that was a pawn," says the Imperator, and with a flick of his finger the rook now has a bump on the top of its head, as if the castle shape has turned itself into a very ugly crown. The Voice looks supremely smug, but it doesn't last very long, considering one of the Imperator's knights moves forward a space. "Pre-check, by the way.""Clever," the Voice says dryly.The Imperator smiles. "I do try."I clear my throat, and it pulls their eyes away from the board and each other. "What are you playing?" I ask, because they're obviously not playing actual chess."Horrible Chess," the Voice says cheerily. "Proper chess isn't nearly as fun as Horrible Chess. This version has surprises, like that the pieces aren't actually what they look like - for example, my rook was a pawn, which has now turned into a king, since we also like checkers and decided to put some of those rules into Horrible Chess as well."For a moment, I wonder if they're aware that they've more or less called one of the most strategic games ever invented unsurprising, and have invented an infinitely more complicated version seemingly on the fly to keep themselves interested in it."It's an acquired taste, though," the Imperator adds, giving his co-ruler an amused glance, and motions me to one of the nearby chairs. "Have a seat. Interview us."I do as I'm told, because if there is one thing that is well known about the Imperator, it is that he's an remorseless Nazi hunter, going far enough to add it onto the end of his name like a title he's more proud of than his chosen title as one of the leaders of Genosha. "Thank you for inviting me," I say."Thank you for coming," the Voice says, and sighs. "Please, call me Charles. All this 'voice' and 'imperator', it's getting exhausting. Do I really look like some sort of dictator?"I look at his outfit - slacks, plain collared shirt, and a cardigan - and have to admit that no, he doesn't."Charles, then," I say, and he smiles. It is only a moment after he turns back to the chess board that I realize he'd just read my mind."Please, calm down," Charles says. "You're thinking very loudly, I can't help but hear you." He frowns, glancing over at his co-ruler. "Could you...?" He waves a hand through the air, fingers wiggling slightly."So spoiled," Erik says, and turns to look at me. "I'm going to put an electromagnetic barrier around your head. You won't feel it, and he won't be able to hear your thoughts. You might have a slight headache in a couple hours, but that'll be all."There's no direct request for permission, but it's implied enough that I nod. He stretches a hand towards me, and I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Genosha

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

