Work Text:

//





//


“WHAT WAS, SHALL BE. WHAT SHALL BE, WAS.”



- The Worm, Stellaris


//


(I’m Sorry, Was This Live? / You Get A Heart Attack And You Get A Heart Attack EVERYONE GETS A HEART ATTACK / No I Did Not Spend Four Hours On Emma Fuhrmann's Youtube Account Okay Maybe I Did Sue Me I'm Bored / Touch It, Wimp! / Oops / Break On Through / Let Her Slit My Throat, Give Her Ammo If She’ll Use It / Heaven & Hell / CAOS Part IV Could've Been Better) 


//





//


Hello there! Welcome to the show! My name is...my name is...I’m sorry, I seem to have forgotten who I am.



I do know where I am though, Westview! Everyone loves Westview!



I love Westview.



My wife loves Westview.



Westview is our home.



Westview is home.



Westview is-


-a lovely place. Westview, New Jersey, of the United States of America, was a wonderful, lovely place. A lovely little suburban town where everyone knew each other’s names, what they did, what they liked...whatever. It was such a lovely place, no one ever wanted to leave. Small towns...always so hard to escape from, so warm and welcoming you never wanted to...you never wanted to go. Ever.

It was so lovely, oh so lovely.

Humming softly to herself, Cassandra “Cassie” Lang-Maximoff set the last of the dishes in the drying rack, and then washed her hands. 

Finally, the house is back in order! 

She thought, taking off her apron and setting it on a nearby hanger. As if on-cue, a soft little clicking noise caught her attention, and the brunette stepped out of the kitchen and into the living room, just in time to see the front door swing open.

“Cassie, I’m home!”

“Wanda!” Cassie exclaimed, happily crossing the distance and throwing her arms around her loving, caring wife. Wanda Maximoff, CEO of...of...it wasn’t important right now, but they did a lot of output, which was probably good as far as output for whatever it was they were putting out for was, happily accepted the loving embrace of her wife, and kissed her full on the lips.

“Oh, Cass, I missed you!” Wanda said, smiling a happy little smile at her darling little homemaker. “Did you have a nice day?”

“I’m supposed to ask you that, aren’t I?” Cassie asked, faintly hearing the sound of laughter, like a laugh track, in the background. 

“I suppose you are.” Wanda chimed, kissing her on the cheek. “But you first.”

“Hm...well, I cleaned the house top-to-bottom, as is tradition for the end of the week, and assuming we don’t have any chemical spills, we should be just fine in the cleanliness department!” Cassie said, giving Wanda a cheeky smile. “Now, answer the question you just asked me.”

“Work went just fine. Norm had a bit of a breakdown though, so I helped 

calm him down, 

gave him a little pep talk about how what he does is for the greater good and all that.” Wanda sighed, pouting slightly. “People don’t understand that what we do...we do for them! Everyone benefits from me being in charge...of the company.” She capped off her words with a slight giggle. “Ever since Mr. Hart had that unfortunate accident at dinner, it’s been up to me to keep everyone in line and pointed at the finish line, and it’s just 

so 

exhausting at times.”

“Maybe I could help with that?” Cassie asked, her blue eyes shimmering with an unseen promise. Wanda smirked, raising an eyebrow.

“And how would you 

help, 

Cassandra?”

Bounding over to the coffee table, Cassie picked up a travel brochure and held it up. “Road trip!” She happily exclaimed. “Could put in for some time off of work, load up the car and go on vacay-cay!” Cassie grinned, expecting a cheery, happy response, but Wanda simply shook her head.

“Cassie, we can’t leave Westview. It’s our home.” She said, chidingly, and Cassie furrowed her brow and pouted.

“Oh come on, how hard could it be to grab some vacation time? You’re literally in charge of the company!” She cajoled, walking over and rubbing Wanda’s arm. “We could be packed by tonight, on the road by tomorrow, 

come on Wanda, 

you know you want it-”


“No.”


The sudden bluntness of Wanda’s response had Cassie taking a step back, dropping the brochure to the floor. “What’s with you?” She asked, crossing her arms. “Look, if you didn’t want a road trip, you could’ve just said so. There are a lot of other things we could do, an overseas trip, plane flights-”

“I said 

no.”


Wanda’s voice had taken on a dangerous tint, and the faintest hints of red had begun to manifest in her green irises. “Westview is our home, Cassie, we won’t be leaving it. All we need is a bit of rest, is all.”

“...I want to see the world outside of Westview.” Cassie said, putting her foot down. “I want to know what’s out there, Wanda, don’t you?”
“No I don’t, you don’t.” Wanda all but growled, a fist clenching. “Westview is our home, we won’t leave.”
“Who are you to decide that?” Cassie clipped, squaring up to Wanda, eye-to-eye with her unusually stubborn wife. “I can do whatever I want! In fact, I’m going out on the freeway right now
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Cassie Lang/Wanda Maximoff
Cassie Lang & Wanda Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff
Cassie Lang & Pietro Maximoff
Emma Fuhrmann/Wanda Maximoff
Emma Fuhrmann & Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Sex
Rough Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Public Sex
Underage Sex
WandaVision AU
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Sex
Possessive Wanda Maximoff
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Possession
Mind Control
Partial Mind Control
Mind Manipulation
Mind Sex
Alternate Universe - Psychics/Psionics
Psionics
Psionic Bondage
Psionic Sex
Psionic Wanda Maximoff
Telepathy
Telepathic Bond
Telepathic Sex
Telepathic Wanda Maximoff
Telepathic Bondage
Rape/Non-con Elements
Valentine's Day
Emma Fuhrmann As Cassie Lang
Cassie Lang As Emma Fuhrmann
Wanda Maximoff As Her 80's & 90's Selves Or Something Like That
Title From an Ava Max Song
Inspired by Music
Inspired By This One Guy I Know
Song: Torn (Ava Max)
Album: Heaven & Hell (Ava Max)
Dubious Consent
Extremely Dubious Consent
Non-Consensual Touching
Consent Issues
Non-Consensual
Pictures
Animated GIFs
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Hurt Wanda Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Pietro Maximoff is a Little Shit
Shopping
Halloween Costumes
Costumes
Halloween
Rape
Tags Are Fun
References to Real People
Real Life
Or Something Very Close To It Anyways
Noncon to Con
Impregnation
Breeding
Pregnancy Kink
Orgasm
Orgasm Control
Simultaneous Orgasm
Grief/Mourning
Door Sex
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Mutant Powers
CassieFest
With Apologies To Emma Fuhrmann
Girl Penis Wanda Maximoff
Girl Penis
Futanari
Lesbian Sex
Lesbian Character
Lesbian Wanda Maximoff
Lesbian Cassie Lang
Dark Wanda Maximoff

fandom: 
Cassie Lang/Wanda Maximoff
Cassie Lang & Wanda Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff
Cassie Lang & Pietro Maximoff
Emma Fuhrmann/Wanda Maximoff
Emma Fuhrmann & Wanda Maximoff

