Chapter 1: Aurora/Snow White
    


Summary:

Aurora has trouble sleeping. Her roommate Snow White offers to help.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Chapter 1 - Sleeping Beauties (Aurora/Snow White)
 Lips red as the rose… hair black as ebony… skin white as snow…  

 These were the first things Aurora saw on the face of the young woman lying directly in front of her. It was certainly a look different than her own - the short bob of black hair was a sharp contrast to her long blonde locks, the skin was a lighter shade compared to hers (a shade that was already quite fair), and the lips’ bright red color stood out against the pink pair she possessed. Yes, the differences were quite noticeable, but that didn’t make this stranger any less beautiful. 

 Of course, Aurora didn’t immediately notice the woman’s red lips, because something was blocking her view of them - her own lips. 

 As surprised as she was to find herself kissing this mysterious maiden, Aurora could not bring herself to pull herself back right away. Rather, she gently removed her lips from those in front of her, and it was at that point when the other woman, whose eyes seemed to have been closed tight up until then, slowly began to open them, revealing their enchanting brown color. 

 “Oh… well, hello there,” the woman said to her newly discovered companion. Her voice was a bit high-pitched, but in a way that made it melodic and sweet sounding. 

 “H… hello,” Aurora replied. Her own voice had a slightly lower pitch, but still sounded pleasant and endearing to those who were there to hear it. 

 It didn’t take long for either woman to realize they were lying on a bed, one just large enough to fit the two of them together. Upon realizing this, they both began to sit up, and in doing so, they got to see what the other was wearing. Their attire couldn’t be more different - Aurora donned a dress of black, white and gray, whereas that of her bedmate was much more colorful, with a yellow skirt and a blue top with bits of red on the shoulders. Aurora also noticed a red bow on the top of her head, and she could tell that the stranger had noticed her own black hairband. 

 “Have we met?” the young black-haired woman asked. 

 “I don’t believe we have,” Aurora responded. 

 “I’m Snow White,” the woman claimed. 

 “My name is Aurora,” Aurora replied as she slowly turned her head to look around. “Where are we?” 

 Snow White also looked around. Surrounding her and Aurora was a vast forest, with almost nothing but tall evergreen trees in sight, that and a handful of various woodland animals, some of which turned their attention towards the two young women. 

 “I’m not sure,” Snow White said to Aurora, “but it must be somewhere wonderful if I’m here with you.” 

 “Thank you,” Aurora replied, her cheeks blushing and turning a bright shade of pink. “But how did we get here? And why can’t I remember anything?” 

 Snow White took a few seconds to think before responding. “Do you suppose we were put under a sleeping curse?” she asked. 

 “A sleeping curse?” Aurora exclaimed. “But how? Why?” 

 “I don’t know,” Snow White answered, “but if it was a sleeping curse, I think I know how we may have broken it.” 

 “You do? How?” Aurora asked, curious to know how she’d respond, but hoping for one answer in particular. 

 “What else?” Snow White responded. “True love’s kiss.” 

 Aurora blushed even harder; her cheeks were now almost more red than pink. “You don’t suppose…” 

 “That we’re true love?” Snow White interrupted. “I believe so…” 

 Snow White then moved herself closer to Aurora. They were now only inches away, and that distance only got shorter as Snow White put her arms around Aurora and leaned her face much closer to Aurora’s. 

 “...but wouldn’t you like to be certain?” Snow White asked her blonde-haired bedmate. 

 Aurora nodded her head, well aware of what Snow White was asking from her. Almost instinctively, Aurora leaned forward and closed the distance between her lips and Snow White’s. 

 It took no time at all for Snow White to kiss Aurora back. Both their eyes were closed, and both their arms were wrapped around the other’s body, allowing the two to relish in each other’s feel with little desire to let go. 

 “Yes,” Aurora said as she pulled away from her lover for a quick breath of air. “This is true love.” 

 Snow White smiled as she pulled Aurora’s body back toward her, allowing their lips to connect once again. They continued this act of passion for about another minute, each woman’s craving for the other only growing stronger with each passing second, before Snow removed her lips from Aurora’s. 

 “True love’s kiss is wonderful,” Snow White said to Aurora, “but perhaps there are even greater ways to express our love?” 

 Aurora’s eyes shot wide open. She knew exactly what Snow White was alluding to, and she was every bit as eager to take part in it. 

 “Yes… yes please…” she answered almost brea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Aurora/Snow White (Disney)
Cinderella/Colette
Ariel/Moana Waialiki (Disney)
Belle/Quorra
Jasmine/Nakia
Pocahontas/Jane Porter (Disney)
Fa Mulan/Rey
Charlotte La Bouff/Tiana
Merida/Rapunzel (Disney)
Anna/Elsa (Disney)
Anna/Elsa/Merida/Rapunzel (Disney)
Namaari/Raya (Disney)
Honey Lemon/Go Go Tomago
Cass Hamada/Honey Lemon/Go Go Tomago
Alice Kingsleigh/Mirana of Marmoreal
Anita/Cruella de Vil (101 Dalmatians)
Ariel/Ursula (Disney)
Aurora/Maleficent (Disney)
Evil Queen/Snow White (Disney)
Gothel/Yzma

freeform: 
Lesbian Sex
Consensual Sex
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Dream Sex
Mutual Masturbation
dorm room sex
Kitchen Sex
Vegetables
Pool Sex
Foot Jobs
Strip Chess
Vaginal Fingering
Face-Sitting
Semi-Public Sex
69 (Sex Position)
Outdoor Sex
Nude Modeling
Floor Sex
Sexual Roleplay
Light Bondage
Grinding
Friends to Lovers
Hotel Sex
First Time
Incest
Sibling Incest
Sister/Sister Incest
Sister-Sister Relationship
Strap-Ons
Lingerie
Foursome - F/F/F/F
Cousin Incest
Enemies to Lovers
Shower Sex
Threesome - F/F/F
Older Woman/Younger Woman
Teacher-Student Relationship
Desk Sex
Stockings
Hypnotism
Dubious Consent
stepmother/stepdaughter
Vibrators
Mommy Kink
Couch Sex
Drunk Sex

fandom: 
Aurora/Snow White (Disney)
Cinderella/Colette
Ariel/Moana Waialiki (Disney)
Belle/Quorra
Jasmine/Nakia
Pocahontas/Jane Porter (Disney)
Fa Mulan/Rey
Charlotte La Bouff/Tiana
Merida/Rapunzel (Disney)
Anna/Elsa (Disney)
Anna/Elsa/Merida/Rapunzel (Disney)
Namaari/Raya (Disney)
Honey Lemon/Go Go Tomago
Cass Hamada/Honey Lemon/Go Go Tomago
Alice Kingsleigh/Mirana of Marmoreal
Anita/Cruella de Vil (101 Dalmatians)
Ariel/Ursula (Disney)
Aurora/Maleficent (Disney)
Evil Queen/Snow White (Disney)
Gothel/Yzma

