Chapter 1: The Metal-Man Meets The Prince
    


Notes:
The lovely and fantastic Kae (tumblr) presents, for your listening pleasure:


FANMIX FOR PART 11st Waltz







Chapter Text



book cover by 
iwakepiesandbakethedead
 (tumblr), originally posted here.


PROLOGUE
From a distance and, indeed, certain sectors of space, the rich rust red of the planet Eisen was notable against the common greys and and blue-greens of its neighbours, and tended to be associated (by those who believed in such things) with portents for love, war, or the start of heroic journeys.Its sun was of medium size, settled comfortably in the middle of its middling lifespan; all the planet-satellites had established their orbits quite early on and, despite the efforts of a yearly handful of asteroids, comets, and assorted celestial bodies traveling at great velocity, did not seem inclined to budge from the schedule long dictated by physics.The color of Eisen was, many argued, its most salient and singularly noticeable feature, as the planet had little else in the way of interest or appeal. It did not have the iridescent waterfalls of Ruska, or the razorback races of S'Hara, or even The Galaxy's Biggest Ball of Yarn, which the planet Maddox got an unerring amount of mileage out of. Its position at the very edge of Ten Sol - the name presently in fashion for the ten sun systems colonized by mankind - meant that the ships that docked on Orbital City tended to carry either refugees, disoriented tourists, or businessfolk of dubious work ethics.This wholly unremarkable planet, in a lonely corner of space, was known mostly as the place where ships were built, and where metal was mined from the rocky, inhospitable terrain, only a small area of which was habitable. An old world, worn and rusty; the forgettable stage of small stories.


{ PART ONE }


"Consider, always, the origins of things."
- Xavia saying
 





CHAPTER ONE
THE METAL MAN MEETS THE PRINCE
Fire.(There is always fire.)Shouts in the distance. Someone is nearby; a presence both new and known, and all sharp edges.Pain. It strikes deep. Loud noises (like a storm)around him, around them, cracks and bursts and sharp splintering.He is there, and he is not, and then he wakes- 

[ full size ]

Charles couldn't feel anything.Not his arms or legs or any part of his body. Not the fullness of a breath or the rushing of blood under his skin. He was neither warm nor cold. He was in the dark, but that bothered him less, after a lifetime of working in the deep mines.Panic seemed to be the only possible reaction. He let it surge through him, like lightning, hot and white and tightness, time-breaking, and to his relief there came something else, a reaction, that shone warm and smelled of space-metal, gleaming, and he realized that he must still have his other sense, because this was another person, oh hello, could they be so kind as to find out where Charles' arms and legs have gone?Twinkle, twinkle, blinked the space-metal, amused.
Go back to sleep.
Why, that seemed a lovely idea. Charles considered asking if they'd met before, because there was something familiar about all of this, in a bones-deep way. Not that he could feel his bones. But he was quite tired, it would be embarrassing to drop off in his chair again, so he let the soft, bitter-edged dark draw him under once more. Quiet. Too quiet, suddenly, both in and outside of his head.It was strange, and wholly unfamiliar, because there was always somebody awake somewhere in the village. He had a momentary fear of loss of hearing, brain damage, but then he caught the sound of breath whistling through his nose, the soft workings of his throat.Sleep still lurked around the edges, but his next inhale drew in the scent of clean sheets, a hint of antiseptic, and this further evidence of strangeness was incentive enough to tentatively crack open an eyelid.He'd braced for an assault of brightness, but the light was not as harsh as he'd been expecting. It emanated from a window at the far end of the room, over which a tint had been considerately applied, damping the harsh natural sunlight and bathing the room in a golden glow.Not the hospital, then. Or, at least, not a hospital he had ever been to. But something about the calm air of the room, details such as the carpeting and the compscreen set into the wall next to the bed, declared it a private home instead of a public institution.The door slid open with a bare whisper of a sound, admitting a sleek mauve medbot. Charles couldn't help but stare. The medbots he'd encountered before, in the rural hospitals, tended to look like mechanical spiders stacked into a bulky tower, every functional limb brandishing two or three sensitive instruments at a time. This one had a narrower circular casing for its body, streamline; all its limbs hidden away, save one, which now held out a scanner-wand and, with it, ran a med-scan over his body.

[ full size ]

Scan finished, the medbot emitted a series of chirps, and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Epic
Alternate Universe - Science Fiction
Fairy Tales
Alternate Universe
Resolved Sexual Tension
Kissing
Battle
Get Together
Romance
Space Opera
Spaceships
Alternate Universe - Space
Class Differences
Telepathy

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

