Chapter 1: Training Mishap
    




Chapter Text
"Alright, Wanda. Think you can take out that drone?" Steve asked. They were finally training her powers. Most of the team had gotten over ther initial fear and had come to see it with awe. After all, it was pretty cool to watch tendrils of scarlet float objects everywhere.Wanda bit her lip at Steve's request. She really wasn't comfortable with her powers. The Avengers had been working with her on control recently. They had her use her powers for small tasks, like pouring water into glasses and drying dishes. (Yes, they were getting her to do chores.) But she still didn't feel comfortable when they were around. She knew she could hurt them and they all knew it too."Don't break my drone," Tony said roughly. "Just put it down on the tarmac. That thing costs more than your entire country did."Natasha shot him a hard glare, arms crossed. He was the only one who still had major problems with Wanda. He didn't even bother trying to hide his distaste and distrust of her.Wanda bit her lip but did as she was told. She carefully let the tendrils wrap around the drone, trying very hard to not break the propellers."Good," Steve instructed her. It was just him, Tony, and Natasha today with her. Wanda didn't mind that. Less people meant less potential injuries. "Now just lower it onto the landing pad."Wanda nodded and did as he said. About halfway down, the drone shot out a small missile. Wanda jumped and wrapped it in red. She had no idea the drone was armed. That one exploded and was quickly replaced by another, which Wanda caught mid air."What the hell Tony," Steve said, turning to him. Tony looked smug. "Today we were just supposed to work on putting a moving air vehicle on the ground."The missile exploded. Two more came out. Wanda was quickly becoming overwhelmed."Well, she's supposed to be able to handle it, isn't she? You saw what she did my last robot."Wanda felt her chest begin to tighten as Steve and Tony got into a loud argument.It was all too much. Wanda practically threw the drone at the ground. It hit the target hard. She no doubt caused some damage, but not enough."Mr. Stark? Please stop the missiles." But he didn't hear her. He was too busy in his yelling match with Steve.It was safe to say Wanda was panicking. The rate of the missiles releasing was speeding up. The drone was on the ground, but rolling around because of the active propellers. Wanda didn't know how to stop them without breaking it. She caught two, three, four missiles. They all exploded at once. She jumped. The next missile blew up the drone. She didn't realize how close she had the two items. Shards of metal flew across the tarmac. Wanda gasped as she felt a piece embed itself in her abdomen. Her breathing picked up. The drone was destroyed."My drone!" Stark said indignantly. "What did you do?" Wanda was looking at him blankly, her breathing labored."I told you not to damage it. You freaking blew it up. You really have no control at all, do you? You can't even handle a small training session without breaking things."She gulped and took a step back. She had forgotten all about the piece of metal in her abdomen."Stop it," Natasha said in a low voice. She walked towards Tony slowly. "You know that drone wasn't supposed to shoot. She wasn't prepared for this. That's not her fault."Wanda gulped. She really hated this. She didn't mean to cause problems, but it seemed like that's all she ever did. Suddenly, she couldn't draw in breaths at all. She was gasping for air when she was surrounded by it. All three of them were arguing now, yelling and gesturing wildly. What if they got even angrier and turned on her? Wanda really didn't want to be locked up.She turned and ran for the compound, absolute terror coursing through her veins. She had really done it this time. She had destroyed a valuable piece of technology. She made one turn, then another, then another. She darted down shady hallways she didn't even recognize. Everything was blurry and she still couldn't breathe.She needed to hide. They were going to hurt her. Punish her for what she had done. So she kept going until she found a small closet. She tucked herself inside and pulled her knees to her chest. Her hand flew to cover her mouth as she let out a small sob. She couldn't breathe, she couldn't see, and she was trembling wildly. Deep down, she knew she was having a panic attack and that she should try to calm down. But rationale was not her forte in the moment. So she continued to heave and allowed tears to run down her cheeks in the darkness.Natasha sighed loudly, running a hand through her hair. "You're an idiot, you know that? We know you don't like her. You don't have to. But you can't pull this kind of crap on her.""What crap?" Tony yelled, throwing his hands up. "Is every helicopter she tries to ground not going to be heavily armed? Hm?""That's not the point!" Steve yelled. "The point is this was her first day trying it..."Natasha tuned 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov

