Work Text:
  It had been a while since Tony had woken up not quite remembering the night before. A headache pulsed at his temples, his mouth was dry and his body ached. He was getting too old for this shit. “Tony,” a voice hissed to his left. Tony scrunched up nose, cracking his eyes open. He immediately shut them as the light blinded him. He went to lift his arms but found that he couldn’t. “Tony!” Tony tried his arms again but he couldn’t get them to budge. Tony blinked open his eyes, forcing himself to blink through the bright light. His eyes adjusted and he took in a room that was not familiar to him at all. He was upright, whole body strapped down on a metal bench with chains that looked like vibrainium. “Tony, are you awake?” Able to move his head, Tony looked to his left and saw beside him Steve Rogers was also strapped and restrained in a similar way. “I take it we didn’t have a fun night of drinking?” Tony grunted. “Not unless you often wake up like this after a night out,” Clint said from across the room. Dread filled Tony’s stomach as he took a look around the room.  Strapped along with him was Rhodey, Steve, Bucky, Sam, Clint, Natasha, Scott and Wanda. They must have been taken at different points. Steve and Bucky had been out in Brooklyn, Sam, Clint and Natasha had been somewhere in DC, Scott was at his residence in San Fran and Wanda had been in New York with Tony and Rhodey. It was some consolation that Bruce and Vision were visiting Wakanda and Thor was off world at the moment (probably chasing his troublesome brother and dealing with whatever chaos he was causing at this current moment). “What happened?” Tony grunted, trying to shift under his straps but he was locked in tight. “We were drugged,” Natasha answered, her eyes flicking around the room. “Whoever took us has been watching us carefully. They knew when to strike.” “Great. Any idea who is trying to kill us this week?” Tony asked, trying to keep his voice light. “No. No one has come since I’ve been awake,” Bucky answered. “Where being watched though,” Scott said, jerking his chin towards the ceiling. “I can see a small camera in the corner.” “Anyone remember how we got here?” Rhodey asked. “No,” Wanda shook her head. Around her neck was a collar that was glowing brightly. “They have done something to me. I cannot use my powers.” “The chains and straps are vibrainium,” Steve added, the muscles in his arms straining as he tried to break them. He sunk back, panting slightly. “I can’t break them.”  “Anyone have a plan?” Tony asked. “Not yet,” Steve admitted. A door creaked open from behind Tony, making his body tense. Footsteps echoed around the room until a figure appeared in front of them. It was a woman, someone that Tony didn’t recognize. A quick look at his team had him believing that they had never seen her before either. “Who are you?” Scott asked, brows creasing with confusion. “My name is not important,” the woman said. “I am just here to tell you the facts. There is no escape and no one is coming for you. Vision, Doctor Banner and King T’Challa are all being transported here as we speak. As soon as Thor returns to earth, he too will be brought here.” Tony’s heart sunk in his chest and his clenched his hands as much as he could. This was not good. “What do you plan to do with us?” Steve demanded with a growl. “You’ll find out soon enough,” the woman said. She gave them a creepy smile and then turned on her heel and walked away, her footsteps echoing against the stone floor until the door opened and closed, sealing them off once more. “Just what this day needed,” Sam grumbled, trying to yank at his restraints but they didn’t budge. “Anyone recognise her?” Bucky asked. Everyone confirmed what Tony had been thinking. Nobody knew who this woman was which made the whole situation creepier than it already was. Despite the horror that was rising up in Tony, there was thing that had given him some relief. She had not mentioned Spider-Man which meant that Peter was safe. Tony could not bear to see Peter trapped here with them and he was relieved that the kid had somehow managed to stay off their radar. “We’re getting out of here,” Steve said firmly. “Despite what that woman said.” 
 Tony wasn’t sure how much time had passed. The woman had returned and no matter how hard Tony had tried to thrash away, she injected something into him that made the world tilt before going black. When he woke up again they were joined by T’Challa and Vision (who also now wore a collar like Wanda) but Bruce was nowhere to be seen. “They must have the Hulk somewhere else,” Natasha frowned. “Where are we?” T’Challa asked, his voice hoarse. “No idea,” Tony grunted. “But welcome to the party.” “I still don’t see how this is a party,” Natasha muttered, making Tony’s lips twitch. There was a loud bang and everyone fell silent. More bangs followed and Tony picked up the sound of a distant alarm. “That’s can’t be good,” Scott commented lightly. “Something’s happened,”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
BAMF Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Shuri (Marvel)
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Tony Stark
kidnapped avengers
Captive Avengers
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Ass-Kicking
Peter Parkers kicks ass
Humor
Avengers Family
Avengers Feels
Avenger Bucky Barnes
Avenger Sam Wilson
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
BAMF Tony Stark
Vibranium (Marvel)
Protective Hulk (Marvel)
Smart Hulk (Marvel)
Peter Parker & Hulk freindship
drugged Avengers
drugged

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

