Work Text:
Agent Coulson does not take days off. But he has lunch breaks and he is very meticulous about them. And he likes to use them efficiently.Right now, he is sitting in the posh offices above the trading floors of the New York Stock Exchange and carefully unwraps a turkey bagel. Most employees are out to lunch but beneath him the first traders are getting ready for foreign markets to open up and start the buzz all over again."I figured I'd find you here." He says, seemingly to thin air. But Coulson does not waste words on empty space.There is a brief flicker in the general fabric of reality and nothing suddenly becomes someone. The God of Mischief casually strolls over to Coulson and slides onto the couch next to him. His blatant disregard for personal space does not go unnoticed."I am impressed. For a mortal you are astoundingly swift on the uptake." Loki has changed a lot since the last time Coulson saw him. He is not trying to maim anyone, for example. And he is wearing a suit which Coulson can only assume is worth more than his entire pension."It was a logical conclusion." The distribution of salad in the bagel is not to Coulson's satisfaction so he starts rearranging. "You can do quite a lot of damage here with a minimum of effort. It seemed like something you would do."Loki watches him for a while and then nods, "It's stunning what a misplaced zero can do.""Exactly." Coulson checks his watch. He has twenty minutes left to eat his bagel and convince Loki to abandon his quest for world domination.Other people knit or golf - Coulson spends his spare time with villains from other dimensions to ensure world peace. To each their own."I assume you did not just come here to enjoy your-," Loki grimaces, "what is that even?""Turkey bagel. I would have brought two but your file is a little fuzzy on the subject of favorite food.""You have a file on me? How droll."Coulson nods sagely, "We had to buy an extra server to store it.""And yet you know nothing about my personal preferences. Disappointing.""Would you prefer if I asked your brother about it?"Loki shrugs but it's really just a shiver in disguise, "Be my guest. Let me know when you've managed to get something intelligible out of him on the topic of my person.""I will." Coulson puts the rest of the bagel aside and brushes stray crumbs off his lap. "In regards to what I assume was your initial question: I came here to ask you something."Loki raises his eyebrows but is obviously intrigued enough to hear it. At this point Coulson knows his survival is based purely on Loki's interest in things that surprise him. So, he'll just keep surprising Loki."Have you ever thought about what will happen after you have achieved your goals?"Loki's smirk is sharp and oddly reminiscent, "More often than you can imagine. Why?""Because I think it's time somebody told you.""Told me about what?" Seeing Loki confused is probably something not many people have lived to tell the tale of - least of all mortals - so Coulson takes mental notes for future reference."About why it's a bad idea," he replies, leaning back into the soft leather of the couch. He should start working here. The closest thing to a couch he has in his office is a permanent bump in the rug that he strongly suspects to be one of Stark's lab rats that got carpeted over by accident.He isn't fazed by the sudden bout of derisive laughter on Loki's part. The thing with working with pampered geniuses and Nordic gods is that you come to expect the unexpected."Fine," Loki concedes once his giggle fit has died down, "I will indulge you. Please elaborate. I am always eager to learn.""That you are," Coulson admits and fishes for the packet of chewing gum in his jacket pocket, "I'm surprised you haven't figured this out by yourself yet. You know how many times a supreme being has already tried to take over the world?"Loki grins, "Judging by the state of your world... none?""Wrong. Two-hundred-and-twenty-seven times." Coulson pops one chewing gum into his mouth and neatly folds the wrapping paper, "You've upped the count in the last few months though.""I do what I can." Loki gives a nonchalant shrug and Coulson is yet again reminded why the position of God of Mischief is such a perfect fit for him."Yes," Coulson offers a tiny smile in return, "and creating a lot of new jobs in the process. The economy is indebted to you."Loki makes a miffed face and Coulson tries to keep his smile from bordering on insulting."Get to the point, minion," Loki huffs. Talk about insulting.But Coulson has been called worse by friendlier people so he takes little offense. "My point is that every species has its own survival strategy and there is a reason why none of the two-hundred-plus evil overlords is around anymore.""The reason being?""We're annoying as hell."For a moment, Loki just stares blankly at him. "That's your species' secret survival technique? A bit thin, if you ask me."'Thin' is an understatement but Coulson has seen it work more o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Humor
Community: avengerkink

fandom: 
None
