Chapter 1: Eyes
    




Chapter Text

17 years ago...
 Pain.That’s all the girl could feel.Searing, horrifying, rushing through her veins and pounding at her arms. Her sobs broke through the room as she thrashed against her restraints. Poked and prodded at with needles, she let out bloodcurdling shrieks that her torturers didn’t even flinch at. Not that any child likes needles, but only eight years old, she pleaded for it to stop.The steel walls around her confused her. In her mind, steel walls were meant for somebody who was bad. That’s what she saw on TV, the early morning cartoons she would watch while spooning cereal into her mouth displaying sinister bad guys. Those were the guys who belonged inside steel walls. Why was she here? What did she do wrong? Was she bad? What did she do to deserve this?She locked her eyes onto the IV that had been inserted into her arm. This wasn’t like when her mom took her to the doctors office. There, when she got shots, she would get a lollipop and a sickly cute Hello Kitty bandaid. However if the scary men in lab coats looming over her were correct, she would be lucky just to live.She glowered at the needle in the mean looking doctor’s hand. He gave her a sickening smile, showing his rotting and yellowing teeth. He leered over her and she could smell his rotten breath as she choked on her sobs.“Say goodnight to your father, yes?”Her eyes drifted from him to the man she was supposed to love most in the world. The man who was supposed to be her introduction to love, who was supposed to give her the world. The man that had brought her into this lab, the man that stared at her blankly, nothing warm on his face, just the vague hint of curiosity as the needle was aimed at the child’s heart.She let out another gut-wrenching sob, trying to shake her head but was impaired by the amount of restraints on her little body.“Daddy...” she cried meekly, cut off by a yelp as the needle was shoved into her heart.The needle was thick, and with no anesthesia, it made her screech in pain as an eerie blue liquid was pumped into her chest. Her tiny body burned, from her heart down to her arms to the tips of her fingers and toes. Her veins darkened, the serum spreading throughout her body. She went dizzy with pain, straining ragged breaths. She yelped apologies, weeping as she stared at her father. She pleaded for help as he turned his back, and left.The last thing she saw before her eyes went hazy was her father’s satisfied smirk as he wheeled in some sort of contraption.At its center was what caught her eye.A strange blue cube, its beautiful glow casting shadows on the equipment of the lab.The girl stared at the artifact, suddenly fascinated. Before all went black, she could have sworn she saw the shadows pull back, as the strange blue glow licked closer to her body.—— 
PRESENT DAY
 “Hey, tin man. Quit spacing out, you’re making me nervous.”Bucky’s eyes snapped up to Sam, a scowl already present on his lips as he was interrupted from his train of thought.Sam simply chuckled in return, nudging Bucky with the end of his newspaper. They sat unmoving in the compound kitchen, propped up on stools at the granite island. Sam took a long sip of his orange juice, an eyebrow cocked in curiosity. “That was an invitation, Barnes. What’s rockin’ around in that big ol’ cyborg head of yours?”Bucky exhaled through his nose as he contemplated what to say. There wasn’t much to say at all. He knew Sam was just being considerate. As much as Bucky tried to ignore it, masked by his goofy quips and jabs, Sam was a deeply loving and caring friend. It was Sam who often offered Bucky counseling and advice, helping him work through his trauma post-HYDRA. Healing is just what Sam did. He didn’t make it feel patronizing or infantilizing, he had genuinely wanted his friend to be okay.These things Bucky knew. But he still just wanted to be a dick about it. It was a tossup, too. Because Bucky didn’t even know what was going through his head. A swirling cacophony of thoughts caught the cogs in his logical and reasoning brain, like chewed up gum in a factory machine. He felt control slipping. 

And if there’s one thing Bucky didn’t do, it was lose control. So he spoke. Honestly and deliberately, clear and concise. He spoke in his edgy baritone voice after choosing his words carefully as not to worry Sam. “I had a weird dream last night.” Sam, once again, cocked an inquisitive brow. He didn’t want to press, if there’s one thing he knew about Bucky, about most trauma survivors, is that if he pressed too hard, he shut down. Gentle but steady, calm but curious. “Dreams are manifestations of our unconscious minds. The anxious dream more often because the stress weighs on their mind. Thoughts in your head givin’ you mixed up movies?” Bucky wasn’t anxious, that he knew. A little on edge these past few days, yeah. But much more that than anxious. Peaceful nights were ones in which Bucky didn’t dream at all. However nights were seldo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma
Post-Recovery Bucky Barnes
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
bucky being cute with kids
Teacher Reader
Slow Burn
stubborn pining
Mutual Pining
Eventual Smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader

