Work Text:
I.The end of the twentieth century was a wholly different world to the one he had known, and Steve had, after his defrosting, sat through the endless rounds of debriefings with an air of astonishment.  Mutants had equal rights now, even if mutant relations seemed to be a trifle frosty on certain areas involving the sovereignty of some new country called Genosha, and more strangely, the process of imprinting, a basic social mechanism, had now been fundamentally altered.The handsome man in his early forties striding half an hour late into the SHIELD meeting apparently had a hand in the latter.  Tony Stark, CEO and successor to the Stark technology empire, smiled breezily in the face of Fury's stormy expression and slouched into the closest chair, dressed in an expensive-looking pinstripe black suit that moulded close to his lithe frame.  As he sat down, the matte-black, so-called 'equalization' bracers that were now Stark Industries' most iconic invention, slipped briefly into view under his white cuffs.Steve swallowed a sigh as Fury began to harangue Stark for being late.  If the son was anything like the father, military authority was not so much an institution to be respected but to be used or derided, and judging from Stark's impishly unrepentant grin, he'd clearly inherited more than his brain and his looks from Howard.Most of the other men and women whom Fury had summoned wore the bracers - the slender man with the penetrating stare called Clint, the shapely woman in a rather, well, improperly tight leather... suit... named Natasha, and even the stolidly sensible-looking African American in the military trappings, Rhodes.  Fury didn't wear them, nor did the jovial, big blonde man that Fury had called Thor, but Fury was the spitting image of a Dom if Steve knew anything about it, and Thor apparently wasn't human.  The bracers worked to suppress instincts and imprinting for both Doms and Subs, but an imprinted Dom wouldn't have much use for a pair, compared to an imprinted Sub, who could still be susceptible to other Doms and their suggestions."... and this is Captain America. Steve Rogers," Fury concluded, seemingly running out of invective for now.  "Rogers, this is Tony Stark.""Morning, sir," Steve waited until Fury had introduced everyone else before he greeted Stark politely, even as Tony eyed him with apparent disinterest.  "The briefing mentioned you quite prominently."Stark peered at Fury, who snorted.  "Since you nearly started two fucking wars, first with the suppression bracelets, then with your neutralization shit, you had to have some face time in the cultural brief. And then there was that goddamn fiasco when you got kidnapped and built your suit. Happy?""Admit it, SHIELD loves me," Stark pressed a hand dramatically over his chest.  "I'm touched.""Don't be, you still owe me those blueprints for a new helicarrier," Fury groused.  "I've called all of you here today to invite you to become part of the new Avengers Initiative.  You'll be called upon as a team to respond to threats both-""Hold on," Stark's hand shot up."What do you want, Stark?" Fury frowned at him."I'm a busy man, Fury, and you've already got War Machine."Rhodes sighed.  "Tony, I'm not going to be in the Initiative.  I've already explained matters to Fury before you got here.  The military wants to run the War Machine as a mobile emergency foreign peacekeeping force.""So that my stolen, weaponized-by-Hammer suit can now add to the mounting civilian casualties caused by our 'emergency peacekeeping'?" Stark snapped, his playful tone suddenly whip-hard."We've asked you to help calibrate the targeting systems-""I don't make weapons any more!""The two of you, shut up," Fury growled.  "Have your fucking spat in your own time.  Inviting you here was a bit of a long shot, Stark.  If you ever want to be part of something bigger than your goddamned ego-""You're saying that to me?" Stark interjected, sounding incredulous.  "I've changed the world twice, old man.  How many others-" Thor rumbled into life for a moment, "Sorry, Norse Gods excepted, and okay, maybe secret-asshole-one-eyed-bastard-agents - how many of the others here can claim that?""You made the bracers for yourself, Stark.  The first time to impress your daddy, and the second time to impress the Professor.  I'm talking about that bloody red and gold get up that you like to fly around in.  About using it for something more than correcting your mistakes."Stark glared at Fury, his jaw working, then he stood up abruptly, and when he spoke, his tone was syrupy.  "I just remembered that I have an urgent meeting with the South Korean trade minister.  Sorry about that, got to go."Steve started to rise from his chair, but sat down again when Fury shook his head at him.  Stark stormed out, followed by a scurrying Rhodes, and Fury sighed, as the metal doors hissed shut."That didn't go well, boss," Clint noted idly from a safe distance."That mortal is a prideful man," Thor agre
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternative Universe - BDSM
Slash
dom/sub verse
Dom/sub Undertones

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier

