Work Text:
   
“You shouldn’t be here, Peter.” 

 
Peter vision blurred. He knees buckled and Peter flung his hand out to catch him on the closest tree.   “Just web them up kid and then stay out of the way.” 
 
Peter gasped for breath, his chest heaving with exhaustion. Pain radiated up his leg and he let out a whimper. 
“Why won’t you let me help? I can do this!” 

 
Peter’s arm trembled as he tried to hold his weight. He shifted, pain radiating up his leg and he gasped out a sob. He regretted looking down, the thick metal bar that was sticking out of his leg made his stomach roll. “You’re not even supposed to be here.” 
 
Peter yanked his gaze away, breathing harshly through his nose as his vision swam and he fought the urge to hurl. 
“If you don’t want me here then why did you even bother bringing me back?! You should have just left me dead.” 
 Peter released the tree but one small shuffle forward and his knees buckled. He collapsed to the forest floor in a heap, crying out as his leg was jostled and his sobbed into the dirt. He wasn’t sure how long he had been trying to make his way home. The argument he had with the Avengers, with Tony, had been playing on a loop in his mind. He could not un-see the disappointed looks on their faces when they had found him on the jet. Ever since returning from the dead, the Avengers had been keeping things from Peter. They never included him in any of the missions they went on and Tony was trying his hardest to keep Peter from patrolling. Peter was hurt and confused by their behaviors. It had been five years but was Captain America and his team still salty about the fight they had in Germany? It stung that they didn’t see him as Avenger material but what hurt the most was Tony’s attitude towards him. Every time Peter put on the suit, Tony was close by with a disapproving look. Whether this was in person or watching him through the baby monitor protocol, the minuet Peter stepped into anything remotely dangerous Tony was there. Peter was getting tired of being treated this way and when an opportunity arose to fight with the Avengers, Peter had taken it. It had been months since Thanos had been taken out and crime in the world was starting sky rocket once more. Hydra was starting to make a play once again, using the chaos all around them to re-build themselves. The Avengers had been on-top of this though, having heard the rumors of their revival. They had made a plan to attack the head base before Hydra could grow any bigger. Peter had snuck on board the jet before anyone could stop him. The fight that had followed when the discovered he was on board had been bad. Anger had been flowing through Peter and the confusion and hurt that had been brewing for months finally exploded out of him. 
“If you don’t want me here then why did you even bother bringing me back?! You should have just left me dead.” 
 Peter sobbed into the dirt of the forest floor. They had forgotten him after the battle. Or maybe they had just decided to leave him there. Peter had stuck as far away as he could from the others, doing as he was told and webbing up the baddies. At the last moment a building had half collapsed and a metal pole had speared Peter’s leg. Karen had been damaged and he hadn’t been able to call for help. As he had slowly made his way back to where the jet had been parked, it was gone. Maybe Tony did regret bringing him back from the dead? Maybe he was taking Peter’s words to heart? Doesn’t matter, Peter brain supplied. You’re going to die anyway. Again. Peter felt himself slipping, to weak now to even sob properly. Tears leaked freely from his eyes and his fingers curled loosely into the dirt. At least you’re on earth this time, Peter thought drowsily. Aunt May will be able to find me this time. 
 
Blackness started to creep around the edges of his vision, the pain slipping away. I was lying, Peter thought as his vision started to fade. I don’t want to go. 
“Peter?! Shit. Peter! Peter wake up!” 
 

“Tony! Move!” 

 

“Fuck, his leg.” 

 

“Hold him steady!” 

 

“Is he –“ 

 

“He’s alive. Just.”

 

“We need to get him to the jet. Now.” 

 

“It’s okay kid. You’re going to be okay. Stay with me Underoos.” 

 

 Peter didn’t remember being dead. He remembered how painful dying was. How hard his healing abilities had worked to keep him from disintegrating into ash. It still gave him nightmares, ones that he kept to himself and cried about with his face shoved into his pillow. Peter knows he isn’t dead now. He’s lying on something soft and covered in a blanket. The scent of the forest is gone and replaced by something sterile and clean. The air different too. He can hear people moving about, a humming noise that he has come to associate with technology. His body felt weighted down and one of his legs is propped up on something. There is something pinching his nose and he feels his face scrunch up at the touch. He wiggles his nose, trying to dislodge it. When it doesn’t work he lets out
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Impaled
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Miscommunication
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Everybody Lives
Endgame Fix-It Fic
Sort Of
Peter Parker Lives
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Family Drama
Avengers screw up
Avengers Family
Avengers Feels
You may need a tissue
Mission Fic
Mission Gone Wrong
Avengers mentioned - Freeform
no regrets
Tony Stark is mad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

