Chapter 1: Surrender
    




Chapter Text
The Winter Soldier appears in the foyer of the Avengers Tower mid-morning on a cool September day. He introduces himself gruffly to the receptionist, and then turns and kneels on the floor with his hands behind his head as the security guards, a bit belated for dealing with the Winter Soldier, raise their guns and surround him.  
When the emergency alarm goes off on the penthouse, Tony curses loudly from somewhere in the bowels of his workshop and Steve sprints into the communal living room, shouting for someone, anyone to tell him what the Hell is going on?! 

“It’s the Winter Soldier,” Natasha tells him grimly, jerking her chin over at the security feed which is playing on the television. Steve can see that every gun in the room is trained on Bucky and the security bars on the doors and windows slam home with a loud clang. 

“Son of a bitch,” Tony snarls, storming into the room. His face is flushed and sweaty, his soldering goggles still perched on top of his head. “What’s your soviet boyfriend doing now, Cap?” Tony snaps, gesturing aggressively at Steve. Steve just rolls his eyes and points at the two of them as he leaves the room.
“Suit up,” is all he says with deathly calm and he ignores Tony swearing after him as he makes his way to the changing room. 

{#}


They are down in the lobby in 5 minutes, which is a new record for them. Tony drops down the centre of the building from the open upper floors, his armour catching the sun as he passed the windows. Steve and Natasha take the elevator because neither of them have death wishes or grappling hooks on them. If Steve weren’t about to lose it, he would find it hilarious that while all these highly armoured men have a lot of fire-power trained on his seemingly resurrected (or never really dead to begin with) best friend, the elevator dings cheerily before the doors slide open to let him and Natasha out.

Tony is already in front of Bucky, his hands out in position in case he needs to send a blast directly into Bucky’s face - which is something Steve is hoping, praying, will not happen. Steve gestures to the security guards, who lower their weapons cautiously and nods at Natasha. She darts over, slipping a handgun out of her thigh holster to stand behind Bucky with the gun pressed against his neck. Bucky doesn’t look up from where he’s staring at the marble floor.

Steve feels the shift from Steve to Captain America in the way his muscles move - his posture improves, his spine straightens and his jaw clenches just slightly. The comforting weight of the shield on his back is a constant reminder of the responsibility on his shoulders, and he comes to stand next to Tony, crossing his arms over his chest.

“Do you know where you are?” he asks, feeling his chest rumble with the words. Bucky nods very slightly. “You are surrounded by armed men and women. If you move in a way that might be seen as aggressively, we will not - hesitate in shooting you where you kneel. Do you understand?” he continues, trying to keep his voice strong and steady when every bone in his body rebels against harming Bucky in any way. On the floor, Bucky merely nods again. “My colleague is going to restrain you. We will escort you to a holding cell,” and then he nods at Natasha who, in a smooth motion, lowers her gun and brings Bucky’s arms down to rest behind his back, cuffing him. Tony lowers his arms and Steve reaches forward to help Bucky to his feet. He flinches back but Steve, resolute, hooks a hand under his elbow and pulls him upwards and then together, they walk to the elevator. 

They house Bucky in the Hulk containment cell which is in the penthouse. It was installed at Bruce’s insistence, even if the rest of them hated it. Bucky sits on the floor, staring downwards, hair lank around his face. Steve thinks he looks underweight and malnourishment drags his skin inwards, exposing dark bags under his eyes and a tightness to his mouth that wasn’t there before. It’s been five months - has Bucky been starving this whole time? 

Steve jolts slightly as he feels an arm go around his waist and then he relaxes. Tony’s grip is firm, and he presses a stubbled cheek to Steve’s arm as he steps closer. This thing between them in new and exciting and wildly complicated, but Steve sometimes thinks to himself that it was worth sleeping 70 years in the ice for. 

“How’re you holding up?” Tony asks, his voice softer than earlier. Steve shifts to sling an arm around his shoulders, bringing the shorter man in closer. 

“He’s… lost weight. He looks ill. Natasha thinks he might have a fever, apparently his eyes are a little glazed. She’s gone to call Bruce to come and check him out,” Steve says, his voice quiet. Bucky doesn’t move from his trance on the floor. Tony nods and then turns in Steve’s embrace, reaching up to rub his knuckles across Steve’s jawline.

“You’ve done everything you can for now, Cap. Get some rest - leave the rest of it up to the profess
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Superfamily (Marvel)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Bucky Barnes-centric
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Recovery Bucky Barnes
winterhawk - Freeform
Slow Build
Implied Relationships
currently T rated
might increase in later chapters
Oh god help me
Deaf Clint Barton
tony stark thinks the avengers tower is hogwarts

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Sam Wilson

