Work Text:
There’s no name for it. No scientific explanation, no customs, no lore. Doctors explain it away, diagnosing his symptoms with cold, sterile-sounding words from their medical textbooks and blaming Steve’s Ma when the treatments never help, saying it’s poor nutrition, bad city air, and their dank basement apartment that are to blame.Steve knows different, has known from the age he was old enough to know anything. He knows it’s not his Ma’s fault he’s the way he is, sick and gasping for air, knows it’s not her weakness that’s to blame. It’s something inside of him that’s broken, that’s wrong, even if he tries to believe his Ma is right when she says it’s not his fault.As far as Steve’s ever been able to tell, there’s no one else like him, no one who needs quite this much, this way. There are no stories about it, about people like him, and he thinks he looks hard enough to be certain. His Ma calls it a gift, says it’s something that makes him special, not weak. Steve’s never been able to decide if she’s right about that. All he knows is that it’s another thing that makes him different, this need thrumming under his skin at all times, this nagging pain in his chest pulling him along. It’s another reason he’s set apart, another reason to feel like a freak.Steve’s never met anyone like him. No one except Bucky.***He would have died without Bucky. No one’s ever had to tell him that, Steve just knows. He’s always known. His whole childhood before Bucky is a blur of sickness, trying to be strong, normal like the other kids in the neighborhood, fighting to keep up and always falling behind. Worried looks cast over his bed, adults muttering about him in hospital hallways, his Ma’s voice, singing to him as he fitfully tried to sleep.Meeting Bucky changed all that, but it changed other things too. Meeting Bucky wasn’t just about getting healthy, staying alive. It was about having a reason to.***Bucky’s better than him at most things, and hiding his need for Steve is no different. The pull is the same but it manifests itself differently with each of them, their personalities shaping their need for each other and how they express it.Bucky has no problem asking for what he needs, no trouble going after what he wants. He doesn’t need less than Steve, he’s just more comfortable asking for it.Steve is stubborn, always fighting for the independence his body refuses to let him have. Proud, Bucky calls it. Selfish he whispers sometimes, into Steve’s skin, when he’s hidden himself away too long, until he’s huddled on the ground, tucked into himself in a ball by the time Bucky finds him. Bucky always knows where to look, where to find him, but when Steve wants to hide Bucky lets him, allows him that choice, that freedom, until it’s too painful for them both.The hurt is different too, but it hits both of them whenever they’re apart for too long.Steve gets shooting pains in his back, chest palpitations, aches in his joints and muscles, suffers chronic shortness of breath, and has coughing fits that wrack his whole body, sometimes jerking so much he’ll bite his tongue hard enough to bleed until Bucky gets his hands on him, soothing the pain away with his touch. That’s how Steve needs Bucky, has needed him even before they met, barely clinging to life long enough to have Bucky change his forever.Bucky’s different. He just gets headaches, but bad ones, growing increasingly jittery and short-tempered the longer he’s away from Steve. It’s like being starving all the time, or at least that’s what Bucky once told him. A gnawing wrongness they both feel, even if it takes hold of them in different ways.According to all the stories Steve’s overheard Bucky’s mother tell his, before they became friends, Bucky was all hard edges and snarls, shoulders held rigid and high, eyes narrow and alert like he was waiting for a blow. Nothing like how a normal child should behave, a quiet watchfulness no young boy growing up with a family that loved him should have reason to develop, body coiled tight like a spring, waiting for some imaginary threat that never had any reason to come.He’d been kind to his sisters, to his parents, but suspicious of everyone else. Tensed and wary. Smiling for no one he wasn’t bound to by blood.But then he met Steve. Saved him from a playground fight Steve never should have started, sticking up for someone bigger than him, another boy who ran off as soon as Steve took his place getting pummeled.Steve was on the ground but he was still trying to get up, kicking and flailing his limbs when suddenly another voice was yelling, pushing kids away and telling them to scram. Chest heaving, Steve watched from the ground as Bucky dealt with the circle of bullies surrounding him like it was nothing, even though they were older and bigger than him.When they were alone, Bucky held out his hand to Steve, tutting at him as he pulled Steve up out of the mud and said, “Wait for me next time,” a little disgruntled, like he honestly exp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soul Bond
Touch-Starved
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Captain America: The First Avenger
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

