Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Prologue
EDGE OF THE UNIVERSE                “I wish…”                Words.                They were just a sound produced by the speaker.  A sound didn’t have to have meaning behind it.  But the arrangement of those words translated to an intent.                “I wish…”                These particular words could be uttered by anyone with few results.  Ah, but this speaker was special.  The location where the words were being uttered even more special.                “I wish for…”                Time is not the straight path that mortals imagine it to be.  It coils.  It splinters.  It can rewind with different outcomes.  But it can only be changed in very specific conditions.                “I wish for my life to begin again...”                The figure speaking stood in front of an ornate fountain of white stone inlaid with fiery blue metal at the edge of the universe.  A fountain carved of living rock, created by the Norns.  But when most mortals say ‘Norns’ they think of the Norns of Fate.  The ladies three who guide all of the living through the path of destiny that to them resembled a tapestry, weaving the golden thread of life and cutting it when that life ended so that the thread would join the pattern of the living realm.  But those were not the only Norns that walked the living realm.                At the very beginning, when time was not recorded, there were as many Norns as there were stars in the sky.  Each Norn was given a specific purpose, and with that purpose they were given a name and a set of powers tied to that name.  Some names were bequeathed since the beginning: fire, water, air.  But other names came later once the realms started to develop and mortals grew up: envy, lust, war.                After a certain length of time that stretched towards infinity, the Norns grew tired of the living.  For they were infinite creatures that never changed and as they existed beyond mortals, never truly lived.  They chose to fade from the living realm, to journey beyond to whatever was next.  Only the Norns of Fate remained, to maintain life in this plain of existence.  But prior to their departure, prior to the infinite loop of life being established, they created wonders.                Wonders like this fountain.                There were also instructions left behind with the Volur.  For such a wonder is not found easily.  A series of tests must be past, each more perilous than the previous.  Failure was almost a guarantee with death a likely consequence.  This figure was one of the few to have ever succeeded since the beginning, and the only one to succeed in this cycle.                One wish.  For anything.  The only limits were the imagination of the one speaking.  For it was not just the words uttered that were analyzed.  Thought.  Intent.  It was all a factor to ensure that the wish granted matched what was wanted.  But an object, even one made by the Norns, can only store so much power.  And the wish that was uttered on this day would start an unforeseen chain of events.  It would call back home one of the Norns that had faded from the living realm who had the power to see the wish fulfilled.                The figure making the wish was female.  She was a warrior, that much was obvious with the way she held herself and the armor she was clad in.  She was facing the fountain, so many hopes and dreams swelling inside of her.  She knew she had to speak with care.  It wasn’t her strength but she would say the right thing this time.                She pulled in a slow breath, thought of her heart’s desire, and breathed the words that would change everything, “I wish for my life to begin again, this time bequeathed by the throne as his intended…”  Then a flicker of thought passed through her.  A disgruntled expression crossed her face as her mind shifted from the man that she loved to the man’s brother that loved to annoy her.  Muttering under her breath, forgetting that all words had power here, “…and if he has to be a prince, that he be worthy.”                The words were spoken.                The conditions were set.                Time folded back over a thousand years to begin again. 
Chapter 1
VANAHEIM                Et’ana Sigyn, the light elf queen of Alfheim, sat at the small outdoor table and stared at nothing in particular.  Her deep blue eyes were distant and sad, her expression on her golden-hued face furrowed with grief.  Her white-blond hair was immaculately groomed and pulled back to proudly display her pointed elven ears.  Her soft gold gown was floor length and flowed loosely but the sleeves were tight.  Unlike a courtier, she wore silver gauntlets over her wrists and forearms made of elven metal as well as an intricate armored bodice made of the same material.                 Her dining companion, a golden-haired Vanir priestess named Veilya with lighter blue eyes wore her hair loosely pulled back, the long strands hanging halfway to he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Sigyn (Marvel)

freeform: 
Crossover
borrowing from Norse Mythology
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Minor Character Death
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Loki progression to BAMF
Ragnarok
Fluff and Humor
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Awesome Frigga (Marvel)
odin needs parenting classes
brotherly love and more angst
Shapeshifter Loki (Marvel)
Loki Does What He Wants
Female Loki (Marvel)
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Mentions of Attempted Suicide

fandom: 
Loki/Sigyn (Marvel)

