Chapter 1: Prologue:  The Sanctum
    


Notes:
Thank you to silent_serendipity for being the best grammar beta there is and foxglove_fiction for betaing and looking over my outline, holding my hand while I figured stuff out, and really helping it all to come together.  I have the first four chapters of this fic done, working on the fifth.  I hope to update every Saturday.  I hope you like the beginning.  Please leave a comment or kudos and let me know.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Stephen sat himself in his chair by the Window of the Worlds and checked the time.
It was easier these days with his new Stark Phone, but he often caught himself checking his broken Jaeger though it had been ages since it worked.  He’d been tempted many times to take up Tony’s offer to fix it, but knew in his heart some things should remain broken.  
It was one forty-five in the afternoon.
He tried to keep to a very strict schedule when he could.  His life was so unpredictable these days, he enjoyed structure and order when he could have it.  
At one forty-five in the afternoon his favorite tea sat on the windowsill and would take four minutes to brew.  Approximately twenty-five minutes after that, Wong would walk by lightheartedly asking which library he’d stolen the book from. 
Fifteen to twenty minutes after that, Stephen would feel the beginnings of his heart speeding up and his stomach churning.  He’d twist and adjust himself in his chair and focus even more on the text he was reading, but it wouldn't do any good.  It never did.  
He cursed himself for his own ridiculousness over something he should have more control over.
A juvenile outburst over an unrequited crush was added to his schedule every Wednesday afternoon because every Wednesday afternoon around two Tony Stark got out of his weekly board meetings at Stark Industries and was at the Sanctum by two-thirty.
He claimed it was to foster good team dynamics in the event they’re ever called on to fight together, but Stephen thought he did it just to drive him up a wall.  And if they had gotten closer since Stephen had first popped up on Tony’s radar—just after the incident with Dormammu—well that was just a natural consequence.  
A part of him felt like he was far too old to have a crush.  Too old and too…  
He stole a glance at his watch again.
He might be far too old for a crush but though he wanted to deny it, that’s exactly what it was.  A stupid crush, something fleeting that would end the first time Tony did something irritating.  It wasn’t worth thinking about, especially when he should be studying.
Stephen banished his tea leaves to the kitchen compost, sipped his tea, and opened his book.
Ishtur's Soul Bonds was an interesting text, and he was only at the beginning.  He’d borrowed the book from Kamar-Taj with a warning glance from the librarian on duty but dismissed it.  No knowledge in Kamar-Taj was forbidden, only certain practices.  And he never knew what he might need in a fight.  Dormammu had taught him that much.  
As he thumbed through the introduction by Ishtur’s apprentice, his phone buzzed in his pocket.  Only a few people had his number, and he tried not to get his hopes up as he checked it.  

UN investigation reveals ex-Soviet soldier as suspect in bombing

On second thought, Stephen thought with a sigh, perhaps he might have to amend his usual Wednesday schedule.  He’d seen the photos of Tony in Berlin with the other Avengers, and knew something must have been going on that wasn’t in the press.  He’d read about the Accords, had agreed with them, or at least the idea of them.  The sorcerers of Kamar-Taj might not be accountable to the United Nations, but they were strictly accountable to themselves.  
He knew Tony thought the Accords were necessary and that the world agreed with him.  And though he longed to help his friend, he knew that the sorcerers of Kamar-Taj had no place in the affairs of the Avengers.  
A streak of red passed by him and looked over his shoulder.
“What?” he asked the Cloak as it peered at his phone.  “You can read?”
The Cloak bopped him on the head and turned the phone so it could see it. 
“My mistake,” Stephen muttered.  “You like him, too?”
The Cloak tilted its collar by a fraction and Stephen caught what he’d said.  
“I mean, of course I like him,” he sputtered.  “He’s extremely charismatic, that’s why he’s a celebrity.  Well…I suppose not only that.  But that has to be part of it.  You don’t see people dressed up as Hawkeye for Halloween.”
The Cloak floated silently by his side, unmoving.
“Oh, shut up,” Stephen said.  Great, he was having an argument with his Cloak about his stupid, childish crush on someone who would never reciprocate his feelings.  Lovely.  
The Cloak scrolled down the article to where it talked about shots fired and how Tony hadn’t brought the Iron Man armor with him to Berlin.
“I’m sure he’s fine,” he told the Cloak, though his heart clenched i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Stephen Strange & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Mutual Pining
Friends to Lovers
Time Travel
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Endgame what endgame?
soul bonding
Happy Ending
everyone lives no one dies
Canon Disabled Character
Temporary Character Death
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Stephen Strange & Peter Parker

