Work Text:
Clint Barton is the Avengers' token human. But Clint Barton is not human, not fully at least.
*
He is six years old, and chasing Barney through the woods. Honestly, he has no chance of catching his older brother, and both he and Barney know this, but neither of them stop running. Clint has been cooped up in the house for days with the flu, trapped with his fragile mother and unstable father. The latter's been drinking a lot recently. Barney and Mama hid Clint in the closet, so his Daddy wouldn't come after him and make his cough worse.
Clint is usually out there, taking hits with both of them like a prize fighter, like a superhero, he tells himself. But the break was nice.
Barney isn't running as fast as usual, but neither boy acknowledges the heavy limp. Their Mama has a bruise around her eye that's much harder to ignore.
Sometimes when they're out in the woods like this, Barney will take Clint onto his lap and treat him like an equal. He'll tell his little brother about how someday he'll stand up to Daddy and protect them, that he'll take Mama and Clint and run away, that Barney'll be the man of the house, take care of all three of them. Clint always nods and says Barney'll be good at that, even if he secretly believes they're never getting away from Daddy. 
But right now, they're running through the woods and Clint is giggling, able to breathe for what feels like the first time in days. It's freeing and wonderful and he gets the chance to actually be a kid and- and then the pain strikes him down.
It's like nothing Clint has ever felt before. It feels like someone is setting his insides on fire, twisting them around and squeezing and scratching. Clint thinks he hears screaming, which is odd because it doesn't sound like Barney. It doesn't sound like Barney at all, so who could it be?
The pain is centered around his shoulder blades, shocking Clint's nerve endings alight, and it's just about million times worse than Daddy breaking his arm. Clint thought he knew pain, but it is nothing compared to this agony-
Something snaps, Clint can feel it. Something snaps, and the pain flares for one blinding second, before disappearing completely. As if it had never been there at all.
Clint opens his eyes, which is weird because he doesn't remember closing them. At first everything is blurry, and Clint realizes why when he feels the wetness on his face. One eye doesn't open at all, and he realizes that at some point he must have sprawled across the ground. Clint wants to get up, but although the pain may be gone, he is tired, more tired than he has ever been before. And there is a strange weight on his back, like arms pinning him down. Moving at all is too much of an effort.
Clint finally blinks his way through his tears and focuses on his brother. Barney is still there, but about twenty feet away, looking at Clint with an expression he can't decipher. Clint aches all over and he just wants his brother to come over, and tell him it'll all be okay.
"Barney..." Clint's voice rasps and hurts, badly. It isn't all from his flu, he knows it. Clint realizes that the voice he heard screaming was his own, and shivers lightly. Finally deciphering his brother's expression doesn't help. It's the same naked fear that Barney saves for their father in a rage. The weight on his back twitches, and Clint wants nothing more to turn his head and see what it is, but he's tired, and he hurts.
Barney flinches at the sound of his younger brother's voice. Clint feels a flash of alarm, and what he thinks is hurt. But before he can say anything else, Barney is running, running and leaving Clint lying on the forest floor. 
Clint lets the tears flow.
His wings lay against his back, useless and mourning with him.
*
It takes far too long for Clint to learn how to will them away. It takes weeks, weeks of Mama's careful coaching and instruction. Weeks of trying to conceal the wings from Daddy. In the end it isn't anything his mother teaches him that does it, but pure, basic instinct.
Clint can't conceal two entire appendages from his father forever.
It's sixteen days after the appearance of his wings. In this time, Clint has only really interacted with Mama. Barney took one look at him, and refused to come near. He wonders why his brother finds his wings ugly, when Clint finds them beautiful and majestic. (Perhaps the reason Clint has such a hard time concealing them is because he doesn't really want to.)
When Mama found him, crying on the forest floor, wings pressing him down, she had tutted, and gathered him into her arms. 
"Shh, my little angel. It's alright." Mama cooed, stroking a hand down his feathers. The pain fled instantly, replaced with the pleasure of attention and touch. Mama hadn't kissed it better, but the effect was the same.
He is too young to really care about the family history she teaches him, but years later he will remember. Mama is seldom excited or interested about anything, but family history does both. Wings are a f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Wingfic
Clint-centric
Clint Barton Has Wings
Not Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Compliant
AU after Avengers
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Fix-It

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

