Work Text:
Erik is discovering new things about Charles Xavier all the time. Charles sometimes talks in his sleep. Often about food. Occasionally in Latin. Charles has a scar on his left thigh from attempting to demonstrate relativity to a girl by sitting on a hot stove. Charles doesn’t mean to be so loud when they make love, but sometimes Charles can’t help himself.Charles insists he finds it demeaning to sit on his lap, that it's stupid, that he doesn't understand the appeal, that if anyone photographs them like this it'll probably set back some cause a decade. This is what Charles says every time Erik pulls him into his lap and Charles stays there and leans back against him and gets visibly and quickly aroused.Charles likes his coffee black and sweet. Charles can’t whistle to save his life. Charles forgets how often he’s told the story of the time he was drunk in graduate school and accidentally gave everyone else hangovers.Charles actively enjoys giving head.Charles does things in fits and starts. There are days when letters to answer and phone calls to make will pile up, and then there are other days when Charles has done everything in a flash and is making everyone jog around the house.Charles is peculiarly vain about his hair. Charles doesn’t know he’s beautiful.As cautiously and scrupulously desirous of not attracting adverse notice as Charles mainly is, every so often he will find Charles’ fingers interlocked with his as they’re walking down a sidewalk somewhere no one is looking, or Charles will say, “Wait,” and glance quickly around and then pull his head down for a kiss, and maybe that is why Charles keeps buying him ghastly scarves, like throwing his arms around his neck in public, or why he insists on adjusting them for no particular reason.Charles is a voracious reader. Charles has an unspeakably filthy imagination. Charles will try anything in bed twice to make sure he wasn’t wrong the first time.Charles is unexpectedly fond of Christmas. Perhaps that is not the phrase. “Unhealthily obsessed” might be better.This last was not something that would have occurred to Erik. Charles had evinced serious signs of interest in Judaism. He’d come to services during Holy Week, stood gamely through all the longest prayers. But he supposes old habits die hard.“Charles,” Erik says.Charles is standing on a ladder in the library attempting to string tinsel over the reference section.“Oh thank heavens you’re here,” he says. “I can’t quite reach the – if you could just hook it over that bust – see, to my right --”“Charles,” Erik says.“This is aluminized paper, you know,” Charles says. “That’s what tinsel is. You can move it.”“Charles,” Erik says again.Charles turns around on the ladder and looks down at him. “What?”“Thanksgiving was yesterday.”“Oh, bah humbug,” Charles says. He attempts to toss the end of the string of tinsel behind the bust. It falls and dangles and begins dragging the rest of the carefully festooned tinsel down with it. Erik almost audibly rolls his eyes and the string picks itself back up and fastens itself behind the bust. Charles grins.“I thought I’d walked into a window display,” Erik says. “I half expect a mechanical train to be running around the house full of decorative elves.”“That’s upstairs.” Charles climbs back down the ladder. Erik wonders for about the eighth time whether Charles has always descended ladders like that. It feels mildly obscene.“I had no idea you were so fond of the holiday, Charles.”At once a cloud darts over Charles’ face. “Are you – is – I mean, I’m not – ”“No,” Erik says.“There isn’t really a train upstairs,” Charles says. Erik waits for it. “Yet.”“Could you possibly make it take a detour around the master bedroom?” Erik says. Charles looks at him. Erik decides to press the point. He slips an arm around Charles’ waist and pulls him nearer when an unusual hardness at the back of Charles’ trousers makes him stop. “Charles what on— are you happy to see me?”“Those are decorative wooden candy canes,” Charles says. “They’re for the walkway.”“Ah,” Erik says.--When he makes it to the master bedroom he is not certain whether to laugh or cry. He settles for the former. The bed is covered in reindeer sheets.  A train full of miniature elves comes barreling along the mantelpiece and careens off an abrupt slope and back down the hallway. He is amusing himself by picking out the elves and covering their faces with their hands when Charles comes in and notices. Charles laughs.“Bah humbug,” Erik says.“You’re being an excellent sport,” Charles says, “darling.” Erik kisses the endearment off his lips. A few minutes later Charles’s fists are clenching in the reindeer sheets and the elves arrive by train just in time to watch Erik swallow.-And the season brings certain consolations. The sight of Charles eating a candy cane is one of them.  Eating might be less the relevant term than “fellating.” Charles sucks it in very slowly with an innocence to his expression that Erik thinks i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

freeform: 
if this were any fluffier it would be a live kitten
Holidays
Christmas
Fluff
Schmoop
Domestic
Mansion Fic
Family
oh my god what is this why uh merry holidays i guess
Blow Jobs

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

