Chapter 1: All The Broken Happy Ever Afters
    




Chapter Text

Steve had lived though the end of the world enough times to know - this time was different. 
 
He was still standing at the edge of the lake, half an hour after Tony’s memorial had floated over the horizon. Everyone else had long since shuffled back over towards the decking, but Steve couldn’t bring himself to move… He knew that it wouldn’t be long before someone noticed that he was missing, that Bucky or maybe Sam would appear soon to check on him, and drag him back into the real world… 
 
He still expected Tony to appear at any moment. 
 
Even while he was mourning him, Steve couldn’t quite shake the habit of preparing for the next time he saw Tony.

It didn’t help that he’d lived with this feeling for years before Tony d-

Before Thanos.

In the years before Thanos, Steve had often caught himself thinking ‘

I could ask Tony…

’ before he remembered that, actually, he couldn’t - that he and Tony weren’t friends anymore. There had been so many times that Steve had caught a glimpse of a dark haired stranger, and his heart had clenched, before he remembered that it couldn’t be him… 

For so long, Steve’s lifeline in these moments had been the splinter of hope that he 

would

 see Tony again. However big the gulf between them, Tony had always been out there somewhere. Steve could flinch away from the ominous dread of 

never

, once. 

He knew he hadn’t let that go yet. He knew, however horrible the last few days had been, it still hadn’t really hit him. 
 
The breeze kicked up, sending a ripple across the water that caught the sun in a flash of blinding white. Steve’s neck twinged as he glanced away from it, a belated reminder of how long he’d been standing fixed in this position. His eyes watered, at the wind and the brightness and the pain in his back-

He had to take a few long, deliberate breaths to keep it at that. 

He’d spent the last week alternating between bouts of uncontrollable sobbing and disorienting numbness… He’d decided that the second one was better. More bearable, at least. 

He just couldn’t start crying again. Not now.
 
Steve had tried to tell himself that he’d been here before. The panic attacks, the nightmares, the surges of overwhelming grief… the nothingness. The deep depression he fell into after losing Bucky, the trauma he went through after waking up in the 21st century, the crisis he faced after the first snap…
 
But they were all different.


This

 was different.
 
Despite his best attempts at denial, Steve couldn’t erase that cold sense of foreboding - this strange feeling that he was already living beyond the end of his own story. That, somewhere, he’d already worked out a horrible truth, and he just didn’t want to look at it. 

And he knew he couldn’t outrun it forever.

He knew, eventually it would really hit him.
 
It would be the end of everything, when that happened.
 
He heard the sound of footsteps softly crunching through the dead leaves and waterlogged twigs behind him… coming closer. A wash of panic rose up in his chest; that same jarringly detached adrenaline that comes right before an anxiety attack. Automatically, he began searching his brain for isolated items of small talk, pleasantries, vague acknowledgements - 

anything 

he could potentially use as a shield to real human interaction.

He hoped it was Sam. Not that Sam was easy to deflect, but Steve stood more chance with him than Bucky, who always knew what he was thinking-

And then he caught a glimpse of blonde hair out of the corner of his eye, and his heart froze in his chest.
 
It was Pepper.

That was, by some distance, the worst possible outcome.
 
He’d always found it hard enough to talk to Pepper 

anyway

. There was no safe line of small talk with her, no inconsequential remark or well intentioned courtesy - there never had been. Every conversation with Pepper had always started a spiral of shame and regret and jealousy, all with the embarrassed awareness that it was entirely one-sided. 

And that was before… Thanos.

Now, on top of all of that, Steve had the added guilt of feeling as though he’d taken something from her. That 

he’d

 taken a gamble on the man they both loved - that he’d been the one to drag Tony back into the battle that she’d always been trying to drag him out of, that Steve was the reason all of her darkest premonitions had come true.
 
So, for a good few seconds, Steve kept his eyes locked on the horizon, his shoulders set and his face frozen in an expression of serious contemplation - not thinking about anything. 

Cowardice masquerading as stoicism. 

He was starting to worry that it was becoming his calling card.
 
Eventually - 

inevitably

 - Pepper took the choice out of his hands.
 
“You know why we did the thing with the flowers on the raft?” She asked, her voice raw and weary beneath the pleasant, professional tone. Steve didn’t even think about the question before he shook his head. “It’s because 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Post-Endgame
Fix-It
Protective Steve Rogers
BAMF Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Steve Rogers
Angst
Angst and Feels
Introspection
Dark Steve Rogers
Superfamily
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma
Psychological Trauma
References to Depression
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Threesome - M/M/M
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Getting Together
Pining
Mutual Pining
Rimming
Deepthroating
Come Swallowing
Light Dom/sub
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Body Worship
Body Modification
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

