Chapter 1: Routine operations
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“No, absolutely not, I’ve had enough of dealing with this shit for two lifetimes.”“This is not a friendly request,” said agent whatever-the-hell-his-name-was, making another attempt at giving his plump face a serious look and failing miserably, “but a direct order, Agent Romanoff. Which is, to reiterate yet again, very well within the scope of my authority as your new commanding officer to issue.”“I want to speak with director Fury,” she demanded. “He is the immediate superior over the Avengers initiative after Coulson… was killed in action”Saying it out loud made it more real somehow. She clenched her fists and focused on not smashing her apparent new boss’ perfect white teeth back into his skull.“The initiative’s operations have been suspended indefinitely after the utter failure in New York,” he explained in a dismissive tone, “And Director Fury is preoccupied with other important matters at the moment. I have been granted the charge over the remaining agents of the former Coulson’s team. At least for the time being, until a proper chain of command is reestablished.”An utter failure? Had she been watching some different news than this guy?“You still should be talking to Banner, not to me,” she said, “If you want the little prince to behave, the Hulk has a sure-fire method.”“The task is to be handled without the involvement of unauthorized parties.”Okay, so SHIELD had lost Banner again. Great. “What about Stark?”“Mr. Stark is just a consultant and it’s been decided that his expertise is not required at this moment.”Just a consultant, with a massive hangover to nurse and a city to clean up, thank you very much. Because it was a given they had asked him; it was just his freshly-grown ethical backbone that didn’t allow him to stoop so low.“Decided by who?!” she yelled, standing up and smashing her hands on the desk.“Agent Romanoff,” he said in a measured, calm tone, even if his hand hovered over the area of his desktop where the hidden emergency button was located, “Do I really need to remind you of the consequences for a failure to follow a direct command?”She sat down and smiled sweetly. He was absolutely terrified of her, which was exactly what she wanted.“Of course not, sir, we are just discussing the technical details of the mission, aren’t we?” she said with a slight raise of her eyebrows. She batted her eyelashes at him and bit her lower lip, confusing him even further.He shook his head and moved his hand back to the stack of papers in front of him. “Of course.”“What about the Good Captain?”“Captain Rogers has been assigned a different objective,” he said, “I’m not authorized to share any more details.”So, Rogers was handling the cube. Because that had worked out just so peachy the last time.“And Thor?”“Thor will accompany you and your unit on the mission. He volunteered and his request has been exceptionally granted.”Natasha imagined that quivering piece of meat saying “no” to the god of thunder and almost burst into laughter. “Who do I get besides the stormy boy?”“Agents Rowlett and Simmons and eight remaining guys from the former Strike Team Delta,” he listed, “including Barton.”“What?! Who the hell thought this is a good idea?!” she raised her voice again and took joy in watching her higher-up twitch nervously. “Barton hasn’t been cleared for active duty yet.”Not to mention that putting Clint anywhere close to Loki was an astonishingly dumb concept that could not result in anything good for any party involved.“Agent Barton’s isn’t under any official evaluation at the moment and his presence has been requested by the Council. Is that all, Agent Romanoff?” he asked dryly and, after she nodded, he added, “The debriefing starts at fourteen hundred.”---Natasha left the office, closing the door a bit too eagerly behind her.But of course, this was exactly how the Council did things when they wrestled a bit of control from Director Fury. Assign a person who was mind-controlled by a space alien to an escort of said space alien to see if they snap. Saves a lot of paperwork.Or it could've been Pierce's idea to test Fury's team loyalty.There was even a more obvious answer. Pierce needed something to happen, something to justify Council’s armed forces stepping in and Pierce getting his hands back on the steering wheel.Politics were only fun if she was the one moving the pawns.She should’ve known this was how it was going to play out. The original plan was too convenient and too straightforward, and they couldn’t have that, oh no, that would be just too easy.Thor’s wish was to ship the wannabe Earth conqueror, along with the Tesseract, to Asgard, hopefully never to be seen again, ever. Fury had begrudgingly accepted, presumably reasoning that he had had enough of aliens throwing tantrums on his planet for the day. He’d even agreed to surrender the cube just to get Loki off his lawn.Getting 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Avengers Team & Loki

freeform: 
Lost in space - Freeform
Enemies to Friends
Angst and Feels
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Restraints
Aftermath of Torture
Torture
Some more characters in later chapters
Muzzles
(it stays on for quite some time)
Starvation
Loki's Punishments (Marvel)
Cruel and Unusual
It Gets Worse
Odin's A+ Parenting (Marvel)
Suicide Attempt
Blood and Injury
Self-Harm
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Protective Natasha Romanov
uninhibited villain apologetics
Panic Attacks
Armchair Therapy
Suicidal Thoughts
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Hurt/Comfort
(but just scraps of the latter)
Non-Consensual Bondage
Non-Sexual Bondage
Loki Has Issues (Marvel)
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Gags
Prisoner Loki (Marvel)
Self-Esteem Issues
Constructive Criticism Welcome
Politics
Asgardian Culture (Marvel)
Stranded
Desert Island
Asexual Character
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Possible Character Death

fandom: 
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Avengers Team & Loki

