Chapter 1: Where We Lay Our Scene
    




Chapter Text
Frankly, Peter Parker was tired of running. The streets of London were unforgiving against his aching feet as he fled across the pavement, his breaths coming in short huffs that burned his desperate lungs. His body was begging him, pleading with him to stop, but his muscles were on autopilot, flinging his lithe frame towards the safety of darkness.
Peter’s back scraped against the bricks as he skidded to a stop down an alleyway, but he did not flinch – in fact the pain only released another wave of adrenaline into his shaking limbs, making his legs shake and almost causing his knees to buckle under the weight of exhaustion.
Breathing deeply, but as quiet as his heaving chest would allow, Peter swallowed the lump in his throat as he peeked a dark eye out of his hiding spot, scanning the streets for any black-clad shadows. He figured that if anyone were to find him, then he could at least put up a decent fight before he’s overpowered, but the paranoid part of his stupid, stupid brain was screaming at him to keep going.
He ignored it.
HYDRA had been on him for a while now, ever since the… incident in Italy, when they had found his last hiding spot and chased him through France and across the English Channel. Peter wasn’t quite sure why he had thought that London was his best bet, and he cursed his past self for it, but for now it seemed as if he’d lost them.
Peter was pretty sure – and by that he means almost certain – that one of the agents is his old handler, equipped dangerously with the ten trigger words that would mean everything he’s done, everything he’s lost, would be for nothing. Peter wasn’t about to let them take it all from him, not again.
Hence his current position, hiding in a shitty London alleyway at three in the morning, with killers breathing down his neck. Peter could almost feel them, like rats, scratching down his arms and legs, drawing blood as if it is their only purpose in life. They brought him the plague, and it gripped a hand around his heart and took a bite from his brain, leaving him paralysed, left to rot under the cruel hand of paranoia and anxiety as he flicked dark eyes around the quiet London high-street.
There was a reason he tried to blow them up.
To be perfectly honest, he wasn’t sure at first how they had managed to dig themselves out of the rubble of the facility he had left them in, but he still wasn’t surprised. They’re called HYDRA for a reason – cut one head off, two more grow back. Although Peter saw the likeness between the organisation and cockroaches more fitting, considering the absolute headache they give to literally everyone who interact with them, including him. Why they went with HYDRA over Cockroaches, Peter has no clue, since the insect strikes more fear into his heart than a Greek mythological being ever could.
He pulled himself out of his monologue with a shudder – he really does hate cockroaches – and stared out into the darkness again. Down the street, there were drunks staggering their way back to their homes, the British national anthem falling sloppily from their mouths for some odd reason, but Peter paid them no mind, instead settling his gaze on a figure across the street, lazily smoking a cigarette. The grey fumes curl up under the streetlight, and Peter followed the movement of the man’s hand as it moved from his hip to his mouth as he takes another drag on the cigarette, his bright blue eyes scanning the area too rapidly to be a regular British citizen out for a late-night walk.
Bearing about as much confidence as humanly possible for someone in his current position, Peter strolled out of the alley, forcefully relaxing his taut muscles as he glances to his right, heading away from the man. His heart was beating loudly again, in apprehension rather than exertion, but he takes three chest crushing breaths.
In…. and out. He reminded himself, trying to subtly stop the tremors in his hands becoming a full body shiver. It was times like these when he was thankful for all the interrogation training that HYDRA had given him, using beatings as a punishment for flinching, and when that method finally grew ineffective, they settled for more… unsavoury methods of punishment.
Peter didn’t try to supress the way his body involuntarily goes rigid at the thought, instead blaming it on the annoying British wind that whipped at his face, stinging his eyes.
Once again, he scanned the street behind him quickly, noting how the man with the cigarette hadn’t moved from his position against the wall across from the alley, but his striking eyes had tracked Peter’s movement from the alley, if the way his gaze was burning into him was any clue. They drip ice down his back, and in a split-second (probably stupid) decision, Peter turned on his heel and locked his dark eyes onto the strangers’, striding toward him with unfounded confidence. With his long legs, it didn’t take him long to reach the man, who’s mouth had qu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
How Many Tropes Can I Fit Into One Fic
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Hydra Peter Parker
Peter Parker isn't Spider-Man
BAMF Peter Parker
How Do I Tag
Protective Natasha Romanov
Wade Wilson is a Good Bro
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
big sad
not really - Freeform
but actually kinda is
I'm Bad At Tagging
Harley Keener is Tony Stark's Biological Child
for plot convienience
Peter "I'm not a kid" Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

