Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
December 15th, 1991 11:50pmTony looked up as his mother entered his room with a sad smile that seemed to fill her eyes, he knew that she had been hurt by Howard before she disappeared for eleven months without any word. He had been grateful that he had been at MIT when Howard called him in a rage wanting to know where his wife was, that is what he called her not her name not a sweet nickname his wife. He was glad upon seeing his mom now that he had no idea and so could not give anything away. Maria came over and wrapped Tony in a hug just holding him for a while, he knew tomorrow they would have to put on a show for Howard but for tonight it was just the two of them.“After we return, I’m going to be looking into a divorce.” Maria whispered against his hair as he curled up to his beloved mom and listened to her heartbeat. “He is doing things that horrify me Anthony. He knows things and has access to things that should not be possible.”“Mom, I’ll look for a good divorce lawyer while you’re gone.” Tony whispered holding her back.“I’ve changed my will while I was gone. He’ll get nothing of mine should he survive me. When you turn thirty you will get a letter from me that will explain what happened while I was gone this year. Your Aunt Andromeda is holding onto it for me and knows the secrets that it contains but I can’t take the chance of others finding out the truth before then. I wish I could tell you the truth of why I was gone.” Maria began rocking back and forth while holding her son tears wetting his wild hair. “If Aunt Andromeda is gone by the time you are thirty head to the special bank I’ve taken you too. I fear dear heart that I will not return from this trip. I feel it within my soul. I don’t know if your father will survive or not, but I don’t think I’ll be returning to you. Know that I love you no matter what, I’ll always be with you.”“Will you play for me tonight until you must leave? If I loose you let me have the memory of you playing to hold on to.” Tony all but begged as his eyes filled with tears, he knew like his mother that this would be the last time he was held like this by her.The two of them had always had ‘feelings’ when something was going to happen, it was the only way that their magic manifested most of the wixen world would consider them squibs it was why Aunt Andromeda Tonks nee. Black had helped her oldest sister escape when the desired letter for Hogwarts never came. Maria knew that if she had remained in the house past the day her little sister helped her escape she would have been killed by her parents for being a squib. Maria had been the only one of the family to attend the wedding of Andromeda and Theodore Tonks and to attend the birth of Nymphadora Tonks with her own five-year-old boy in her arms already knowing that the young boy would not be getting a letter. She worried he was turning his magic inward to protect himself from his father, something that would become clear to her over the years as the technology that he was able to create survived when Andy brought them into the Majestic Way when she would visit them in New York.“Of course, baby.” Maria kissed his head wiping away the evidence of her tears as they left his room and headed to the music room where their lovely white grand piano sat waiting for the two of them to create a different kind of magic altogether.Maria played through the night as her baby boy curled up a blanket on the couch resting in his mother’s presence. She played until Howard entered the room already drunk, though if he had stopped the night before it was only because he passed out. It pained her so much to try and have them be good to each other when she knew the truth of what her husband was like. Tony watched his mother leave with the man he was forced to call father knowing that he would get a call later explaining she was gone, he couldn’t help but feel relief at the news that his father was gone as well, his gut told him that Aunt Peggy was lying about the cause of death, but he didn’t call her on it after all the truth always outs and his father had been drunk when he left.December 17, 2000Tony looked up at the small home that his Aunt Andromeda lived in with Uncle Ted and Cousin Dory. He knew that they weren’t expecting him to arrive today, after all he was known worldwide to be throwing huge parties around this time as if celebrating the death of his parents, though to be honest he did throw parties to celebrate the death of Howard Stark and then drank himself into oblivion after to keep from weeping at the loss of his mother. He had promised his mother though that he would meet with his Aunt when he was thirty and Obadiah finally let him out of his sight thinking that he was going to England to party, he had kept him close ever since the death of his father and Tony’s gut was telling him it wasn’t for his protection, so he had to sneak away with the help of Rhodey and his new PA Virginia ‘Pepp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Fred Weasley/George Weasley
Loki/Tony Stark
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin/Severus Snape
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Neville Longbottom/Draco Malfoy
Bill Weasley/Fenrir(Norse)
Regulus Black/Nick Fury

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Harry Potter is Tony Stark's sibling
Female Harry Potter
James and Lily aren't Harry's parents
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Manipulative Albus Dumbledore
Molly Weasley Bashing
Ron Weasley Bashing
BAMF Hermione Granger
Ravenclaw Harry Potter
Ravenclaw Hermione Granger
Ravenclaw Draco Malfoy
Hufflepuff Neville Longbottom
BAMF Tony Stark
Good Malfoy Family (Harry Potter)
Good Severus Snape
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
BAMF Maria Stark
Protective Avengers
Major Character Injury
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Good Petunia Evans Dursley
Good Dudley Dursley
Harry Potter Has a Sibling
Tony Stark Has Self-Esteem Issues
Harry Potter Epilogue What Epilogue | EWE
Not Canon Compliant - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Forced Pregnancy
Good Loki (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Implied Mpreg
Female Peter Parker
Protective Harley Keener
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Fred Weasley/George Weasley
Loki/Tony Stark
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin/Severus Snape
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Neville Longbottom/Draco Malfoy
Bill Weasley/Fenrir(Norse)
Regulus Black/Nick Fury

