Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve can hear a commotion in the alley ahead and he slows, shifting his grip on the shotgun. Not for the first time he wishes he still had his shield. He peers around the corner.There's a man at the end of the alley, hard pressed by five of those... things. In one gloved hand he has a machete, in the other a silenced 9mm. At his feet there are a number of bodies--he's made a fair accounting of himself already--but it's clear he's not going to last much longer. There's something strangely familiar about the way he moves, something uncanny that jolts Steve's memory. Bucky, he thinks. It's Bucky.But no. It's not, it can't be. Bucky fell to his death seventy-odd years ago; there mightn't have been a corpse to find--and god knows he looked--but Steve knew no one could survive a fall like that. Even he couldn't survive a fall like that. And if Bucky had, somehow, he'd be an old, old man by now, not this reflection of Steve's own existing youth. So Steve knows it's not plausible, but the man moves like Bucky, even looks like Bucky from this angle (a flash of memories: Bucky strapped to Zola's table; Bucky shouting "No, not without you!" over a gap too wide; Bucky in the weak sunlight, filthy and pale and drawn but alive) and Steve? Steve can't. He just can't. It's not that even without the shield and the uniform he's still Captain America, and some things never change. There is enough of his best friend in this man for it not to even cross Steve's mind to leave him to his fate. Steve charges into the alley. At the sound of his footsteps the man's head whips around, desperation scrawled across his blood-spattered face, and stunned, Steve thinks: It's... oh god. It is, it has to be--The man's eyes widen. Then he says "...Steve?" in Bucky's voice. Everything Steve remembers about Bucky blazes in his memory and he stops in his tracks, the stupidest thing to do right now. He doesn't normally short circuit when he overthinks; even when distracted, the super serum enhancements usually keep his body going, independent of what his brain might be doing. It's even saved his life on occasion.But this. This is... No. As Steve watches, the man--Bucky, it is Bucky, but how...?--steps back, steps on one of the bodies sprawled on the ground and falls. The creatures swarm over him, filthy hands outstretched to rip the flesh from his body. "No!" Steve cries. His voice rings loud in the narrow confines of the alley, loud after Bucky's grunts and the groans and slobbering of the creatures. They stop in their forward surge, turning to Steve and starting towards him. He swallows and raises his gun but his gaze is again drawn past the pack to where Bucky is still on the ground, Steve watching as Bucky shoots the creature that ignored the distraction in the face, shoving the corpse off him.Steve forces himself to look away from Bucky, to deal with the creatures shuffling towards him (they're closer than expected, they move faster than the ones Steve's been dealing with; they're... fresher, and even as a thought the word makes his stomach churn). He takes three down with ease as Bucky tackles the final one to the ground, twisting as it falls, jamming the muzzle of the suppressor up under its chin and pulling the trigger. The gun pops and gore spatters across the ground. There's a pause, a silence that stretches out after the echoes of the shotgun have died, broken only by the harsh, jagged rasp of Bucky's breathing. He's still crouched over the corpse, head hanging and braced on his hands, and Steve can't move, can't speak, can't do anything at all but stare at him. Then Bucky looks up. He's filthy, but the curl of hair falling over his forehead, the clear blue-grey of his eyes, the hint of a smirk that on anyone else would be a sneer--it's all painfully familiar. "We gotta stop meeting like this, Steve," he says. "You comin' to my rescue all the time, people are gonna talk." The smirk broadens because fuck, who is going to talk? Is there even anyone left?Bucky sits back on his heels. "What? Cat got your tongue?" He pushes himself to his feet, a move that works for about two seconds before he staggers and Steve leaps forward to catch him. Steve finds himself clutching Bucky close and feels Bucky grip him tightly in return. One of them is shaking, maybe they both are, and Steve feels the swell and burn of tears in the back of his throat as he remembers all the grief, all the nightmares that couldn't be washed away with a bottle of bourbon.'It's not your fault,' Peggy had told him, but words were hollow when all Steve could think about were the things he should have done to save Bucky's life. He might've been the Army's super soldier, might be the first Avenger with S.H.I.E.L.D., but inside the enhanced body, Steve was (is) still that boy from Brooklyn. "Oh hell, Steve..." Bucky's voice is sudden and broken, muffled against Steve's neck. The swagger has dropped away and he shifts, his arm tight around Steve's shou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Zombies
Gore
First Time
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

