Work Text:
Steve doesn't really know the protocol for this kind of thing – it's not as if the team stands around between battling evil and discusses religion, or religious traditions, or traditions of any kind (save Thor bellowing with laughter when he smacks evil in the face with his hammer, a tradition everyone can get behind).  The world beyond SHIELD and the mansion and Stark Tower is no help at all – if Steve were to judge what's proper by the window displays on Fifth Avenue and the commercials on TV and the lights on every street corner, he'd assume everyone celebrates Christmas in 2012.  But he knows that's not true – there are synagogues and temples all over the city, a tiny shrine in one of his favorite Chinese restaurants; he's seen monks in orange robes and been accosted by an earnest woman in Central Park who gave him a pamphlet about loving trees.  The whole thing is confusing, and he wishes there were a report he could read, something that explains what's okay and what's not.  In its absence, he settles upon the few things he knows for sure: that the days are short, and it's cold, and he doesn't mind looking dumb for making the effort.  So screw the protocol, whether it exists or not – he's giving gifts; he'll make it random, a celebration of December if anyone asks, and he'll make sure Santa doesn't show up on the wrapping paper.He buys Clint's first – a Koosh-ball dartboard, since Tony's decreed that no one (but him) can hurl sharp projectiles in the house.  Steve figures it'll provide the requisite 'launch things at other things' entertainment that Clint's been lacking, as well as expand his aim and fire skill-set, and if he can't quite meet Clint's eye when Clint opens the gift and asks "are you mocking me, Rogers?" he can't hide his grin when he hears "KING OF KOOSH" waft up from the first-floor living room ten minutes later.(Steve leaves a second gift in a bag he hooks over the handle of Clint's bedroom door.  It's a blanket made from the softest material Steve's ever touched, and the feel of it against his fingers made something ache deep inside.  Steve knows a little about how Clint grew up, has a feeling Clint knows something about those kinds of aches – loss and isolation and comfort postponed – so he buys it, and has the guy in the store wrap it in muted colors, and leaves it with a tag that doesn't explain anything, since Steve's not sure he could.  Clint doesn't mention it that night, just comes into the kitchen the next morning and punches Steve in the arm, so Steve knows he liked it.)It takes a while to find Natasha's gift, to track down exactly the right bone-thin china, strong enough to carry a dozen unspoken stories.  Steve grows familiar with antiques stores across the city, learns where he's welcome, and who'll help, who'll freeze him out with an eyebrow raised for reasons that are never easy to understand.  It takes almost three weeks to track it down, a tea set in white and blue, limned with gold – nothing anyone would imagine Black Widow would want or need.  But this isn't about the figure she cuts when she's dangerous and armed – it's about survival, stillness, history cupped by slow-warmed hands.  Steve lingers in McNulty's, buys three pounds of Black Russian tea and a handful of others – Darjeeling, Assam, Pi Lo Chun – enjoys the faint smoke-scent that clings to his skin.  He finds a carpenter in Brooklyn, sketches out a design for the box he imagines with a thick, cushioned lining and quick, tight locks.  It's not impossible to imagine circumstances where they'll grab what they can, leave the city quickly to realize some other aim, and he'll make it as hard as he can for her to leave this behind.(She touches each cup with the tip of one finger, and Steve's never seen such an expression of wonder on her face before.)Coulson's easy – an industrial-grade set of frosting tips, piping bags, and bakeware.  Steve's heard about the flour incident; he's personally witnessed Coulson take down an assassin with a bag of brown sugar and a perfectly aimed tube of parchment paper, still in the box.  Steve reasons that necessity has to be the mother of this invention, that Coulson's readiest defense has been baking powder and nonpareils one too many times, and while he'd like to provide him with a life where assassins don't try to take him down while he's crafting a meringue, he can at least upgrade his cookie sheets in the interim.(The bath bombs are a complete accident.  No one called anything a bomb that wasn't a bomb back in the day, and the idea that a store was offering munitions for sale where children could access them was more than Steve could stand.  Admittedly, in retrospect, the store did smell wildly of flowers and spices and coconut oil, a radical departure from the usual scent of weaponry, but it's not like Steve can be blamed for being confused.  He buys two bath bombs to make up for the commotion, figures no one needs a long, hot soak like Coulson does, and it's wort
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

