Chapter 1





Chapter Text



 
So this was weird.
 
Then again, almost everything about Lehigh was weird.
 
Not in a bad way, and after two months of living there, Bucky was getting used to it. His one-bedroom apartment might be considered small by some, but it was clean and warm, with large windows in every room that let in plenty of light, and bigger than anyplace he lived growing up. It was located on the second floor of an older, but neatly tended building, and came with a compact balcony where he could sit and eat his breakfast in the mornings, or read for a little while every evening. He liked his neighbors well enough, even the kid who lived with his aunt in the unit at the other end of the hall, and while the circumstances of him obtaining the apartment were bittersweet, to his pleasant surprise it quickly came to feel like home, and he loved it there.
 
He even liked his job at the hospital. Lehigh General was not the busiest or most chaotic of places he ever worked, but Dr. Cho and Dr. Banner-but-please-call-me-Bruce were great and appreciative of his skills, unlike plenty of surgeons he’d assisted in the past. After reviewing his CV and three very in-depth interviews, they quickly offered him a position and appeared to be doing their best to make him feel as if he was not just an employee, but a welcome addition to the staff. Aside from one brief discussion asking if they needed to make any accommodations for him to do his job, and a second over lunch a few weeks ago with Bruce, no one ever commented on the fact he had a metal arm, advanced as it was. Other than that, the only thing that seemed to matter was his job performance.
 
Bucky knew he was a damned good surgical nurse, and he loved his chosen profession. He loved it even more now he was working with Bruce and Dr. Cho, two of the most brilliant and capable surgeons he’d ever assisted. Warm, welcoming and inherently kind, they made him feel like he was part of a team, something he desperately missed.
 
But then again, that was all of Lehigh. Warm, welcoming and inherently kind. Located on the outskirts of the Adirondack forest in upstate New York, with a population just above five thousand, it was not the most urban of places Bucky ever lived. Yet it was a diverse town, open-minded and accepting of any who decided to settle there. Granted, there were certain unspoken rules written into the fabric of the culture one had to follow if they wanted to live there, but they were not oppressive, demanding or invasive. In fact, quite the opposite. Cruelty, violence and prejudice were not tolerated in Lehigh; its citizens prided themselves on their kindness, generosity, and willingness to always help someone in need, opting for education instead of punishment and assistance for anyone who might be struggling. Self-contained and self-supporting, it was unlike anyplace Bucky ever experienced before, a testament to what could be accomplished when the ones in control cared about those they were sworn to take care of.
 
But that was probably because of all the werewolves who lived there.
 
That was where the weirdness kicked in.
 
Lehigh was certainly not unique in the fact it was a town run by werewolves. There was usually at least one in most states across America. And werewolves had always existed side by side with humans. But for the longest time, in typical human fashion, they had been hunted, feared, deemed savage, violent, and other by those in power, forced to live in secret. Thankfully that changed over the past fifty years, with laws enacted and educational campaigns initiated in schools and on television. To a certain extent, werewolves were romanticized now, but Bucky could remember his history lessons from grade school, and the stories his mother told him, of how they were once persecuted, forcefully conscripted to serve in the military, brutally experimented on and tortured all in the name of science. He’d had nightmares for weeks as a child when he learned that, and it was why he made sure to include a specialization in werewolf biology when completing his master’s in nursing. It was also why places like Lehigh existed now.
 
Founded in the forties by Margaret Carter, a were herself who served valiantly in World War Two, Lehigh originated as a small town where werewolves and those who loved them could find sanctuary, live without fear of discovery and all that entailed. A brave and brilliant woman, she spent her life laying the groundwork for a community where acceptance, safety and respect were the foundations upon which everything else was built.
 
But unlike the other enclaves and small towns werewolves clustered to protect themselves, Margaret decided to extend that acceptance, safety and respect to any others in need.
 
It was why, for as relatively small as it was, Lehigh was a mecca of diversity, and anyone, no matter their species, race, religion, sexuality or gender identity was welcome there. Werewolves understood prejudice and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Gabe Jones
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

freeform: 
Soulmates
Werewolves
Alternate Universe - Werewolves Are Known
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
The Avengers aren't the Avengers
They're werewolves instead
Fluff and Crack
SO MUCH SILLINESS
Steve is just so bad at this whole courting your mate thing
Really bad at it
Bucky is an oblivious idiot
Naked People
So many naked people
Slow Burn
Idiots in Love
Sam thinks Steve is sad
Jokes about bunnies
And Lysol
Werewolves but not A/B/O
Happy Ending
As many MCU cameos as I could fit
Firefighters
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Minor Jane Foster/Thor
Minor Riley/Sam Wilson
And yes Bucky has a cat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Gabe Jones
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

