Work Text:
The newly opened space is on a side-street off some of the biggest skyscrapers in New York, hosting a slew of law firms and random agencies, ranging from marketing to governmental. It doesn’t look like much from the outside, no incredibly bright sign trying to look appealing, but through the front window Phil Coulson can see it looks warm and homey inside.There are small tables for two on one side of the room, no tablecloths, just clean dark wood gleaming with polish; the walls are decorated with random pictures, old newspaper clippings that Phil can't read from outside, but also paintings of landscapes that look painfully familiar and random pictures of what seems to be circus folk. The wallpaper underneath is paisley and somewhat horrifying, in an old-family-home kind of way, but Phil pays little attention to it as he drags his eyes to the other side of the room, the counter that takes up most of the length of the shop, glass displays on either side of the cash register. There are cakes, and cookies, and scones, and Phil realizes with some surprise that he hasn’t had breakfast yet when his stomach rumbles at the sight.Most importantly, Phil wants coffee. If he has one addiction, it’s caffeine, and the coffee in the NSA offices is so terribly rank he has no choice but to nose around to find a viable source of espresso on a regular basis. He’s been to every coffee shop in a five-mile radius, knows them all, and his favorites know his order and call him Agent Coulson when he walks in. He’s been to Starbucks, to the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, to Dunkin Donuts (to his great despair), to Peet’s, to any number of family-owned little coffee shops; hell, he’s been to McDonalds.So Phil knows this one is new. It’s too close to the office for him not to have noticed it before, and it looks new, still hopeful that it will work out. It's not often that that happens, and Phil has seen too many nice little coffee shops close down in this area. People are too busy to notice and take the time to learn great coffee, preferring the mediocre quality and familiarity of their usual chains.He opens the door, bell jingling over his head, and suddenly he feels like he just stepped back into the 60’s, the whole decor reminding him of evenings spent sitting on his grandfather’s knee, reading from decrepit fantasy books in front of a fire. It’s almost suffocating in how comforting it is, the smell of coffee and cinnamon and citrus weaving through the air, the low tones of Eric Clapton’s modern blues playing through a well-concealed hi-fi system and mingling with the muted conversation of the few people occupying the cozy tables. Phil feels the overwhelming urge to sit down and take his time.Surprisingly enough, it’s a man in an apron stamped with the shop’s name that comes through the back door, a tray of croissants in his hand. He’s young - younger than Phil, anyway - and good-looking, with piercing blue eyes that look straight through him, flicking up and down rapidly until Phil feels thoroughly evaluated. The man smiles."Hi, welcome to Under the Big Top. How can I feed your habit?"Phil blinks at the name, but the man is amiable enough, a faintly mocking twist to his smile, like he knows of Phil's relationship with the life-giving elixir that is coffee. Somehow Phil thinks it wouldn't be a stretch of the imagination to think he does.There's a huge blackboard behind the register, filled with row upon row of tidy writing. Phil barely glances at it; he tends to order off-menu most of the time."A triple-shot latte, in the biggest take-away container you've got," he says evenly, watching the man's smile grow into a smug grin."Totally called that one," the man mutters to himself. Phil raises an eyebrow at him, but the guy doesn't elaborate; instead, he reaches for a tower of paper cups, taking one that makes Phil's other eyebrow rise to join its mate. It's enormous. The guy's shop might go far in this neighborhood if this is the size of the drinks it offers."Anything to go with it? Syrup? You look like a vanilla kind of guy." The mocking lilt is back in force. Phil expends some effort not smiling."Just plain, thanks.""You sure? I could blow your mind, if you let me."Hmmm. Cocky, isn't he? Phil is tempted to let him do his worst, but he's late for a meeting as it is and he just doesn't have the time to get into it like he wants to, for reasons he can't quite pin-point."Another time," he says, surprised to find he means it. The guy seems to sense it, too, because he merely nods and sets up the requested espresso shots with a dexterity that is impressive even to a seasoned coffee shop patron like Phil. The guy boils the milk, frothing it just right by the sound of the hiss in the metal container (no thermometer, another point in his favor), and then assembles the drink so fast and deftly that Phil can't help his grudging smile of appreciation."One triple-shot latte, here you go. That'll be $2.50."Phil eyes the guy. "Seriously? You'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/James 'Bucky' Barnes
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shop
Pining
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Get Together
Romance
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/James 'Bucky' Barnes
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

