Chapter 1: Welcome Home
    


Summary:

Peter meets his new Mom and Dad. However, he’s not as excited as they are.Warning: mentions of short memories of abuse. If there are any other warnings that need to be added, let me know!



Notes:
It’s fixed! This is the real chapter one. Unfortunately your comments on chapter 1 and 2 from before were deleted. :(I really hope you like this! This fic is all planned out and it’s going to be amazing! Let me know what you think!




Chapter Text

“Get your bag. They’ll be here soon.” Melissa stared at Peter, expectant. It seemed more like a dominance match than anything. “Now, Peter!” She snapped. Peter broke his stare from her and jumped off his bed. He grabbed what he owned: a small flying spider robot and its controller, his hand-built computer, a pair of black headphones with the ear muffs fraying, all his clothes, and his only pair of sneakers. Everything else had to stay and be given to some other kid. Everything except-
 
“Peter, don't forget!" Aunt May waved her translucent fingers through the plush moose that sat on his bed. She sighed with frustration. “I would grab it for you if I could.” She spun around and stuck her bottom lip out in a pout. “I wish I could haunt people and move objects. I would be so much more helpful.”
 
Peter chuckled, albeit regretful, and picked the plush moose up to stuff it in his backpack. It peeked its head out of the top, as if watching his back for him. “You’re plenty helpful still. I mean, you’re here.” He gestured around him. “That’s got to count for something,” he sighed and yanked his backpack straps on.
 
May seemed to hear the words he didn’t say and moved to float in front of him. “I know I’ve been leaving you alone a lot lately, but I’ll try to stay for the move, okay? Just…” Her fingers fazed through his brown curls, another frustrated huff escaping her. “Try to be positive and helpful.” 
 
Peter turned his head and waved her off. “I think I’m allowed to be upset. Now, if you plan to keep lecturing me, don't bother staying.” With that, he turned away and headed down the stairs. May followed, but not close. Peter didn’t mind. He’d been learning to live on his own for a while now; he didn’t need her company. Still…
 
Peter stopped mid-step and turned around on the stair. “I’m sorry,” he whispered, his head low. “I didn’t mean what I said.”
 
May clicked her tongue. “I know… Just keep moving, baby.”
 
 
Melissa’s office was a wreck. It was usually tidy enough to find things, like the top of her desk, but then kids weren’t getting adopted on a week’s notice. Melissa was mad at him for that, too.
 
“It’ll be great when you’re gone,” she had said the other day when she told him the news. “Then you won’t be able to cause any more problems here.”
 
Peter gritted his teeth and flattened his palm on a stack of documents, pushing it onto the floor. The folders scattered and sent the papers sliding. He smiled smugly, and went to the back room to wait.
 
Soon enough, he could see his new parents enter Melissa’s office. Melissa immediately saw the mess of papers and looked through the window into the back room. She set her middle finger against the bridge of her glasses and pushed them up her nose. Peter shrugged and sat on the couch. 
 
May muttered something under her breath. Something like, “nobody… my kid… only I get to.”
 
The couple sat in front of Melissa’s desk as Melissa apologized for her disorderly office. Peter turned away from the window and pulled his headphones out of his backpack. If he focused on his breathing, the headphones faded out the noise. It was still there, only small and muffled. 
 
A knock on his headphones set his eyes flying open, his ears stinging from the harsh noise it produced. “I did not like that little stunt back there with the papers,” Melissa spat. She crouched down in front of him and glared hotly. “You won’t be able to act like that for your new family. They’ll have rules for you to follow, and they might not be as nice as me if you don’t follow them. I’d work on straightening myself out right about now.”
 
“What? You scared I’ll come back?”
 
Her jaw clenched, lips pursed tight. “Peter, you’re a brat. It’s a miracle you’re getting adopted by anybody. Miracles are once in a lifetime. Don’t screw this up.” She jutted her finger into his chest, then stood. “Now get out there, put on a smile, and be a good brat.” She pressed her hand on his backpack and guided him forward with a little force. 
 
In her office, there stood Pepper Potts and Tony Stark. They were widely known as the Starks, but Pepper had made her preference known to news outlets that she wanted to keep her surname for business purposes. They looked nice, somewhat happy, even excited. Peter rolled his eyes and walked straight out of the office.
 
“Peter! Sorry, this is his attitude I was talking about. I hoped it’d be better for today, but it looks like it’s one of his bad days.”
 
The group home doors shut behind Peter. He breathed i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Ben Parker & May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Ghosts

freeform: 
Adopted Peter Parker
Orphanage
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Pepper Potts
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
The Sixth Sense AU
Peter Sees Dead People
Civil War Fix-It
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Technically Dead May Parker
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Kid Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Adorable Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark are Siblings (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
technically
Abusive Ben Parker
Panic Attacks
Anxiety Attacks
Peter Parker has PTSD
Abused Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Ben Parker & May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Ghosts

