Work Text:
Tony had been out of the country for weeks on SI business, and Peter was having a hard time. He missed him, plain and simple. 
Okay. Maybe not so plain and simple. 
Peter had a rough time in the weeks and months that followed the final defeat of Thanos in the ruins of the Compound. Thrust back into life, only to be forced to fight for the lives of the entire universe for the second time at only sixteen-years-old, and then to be told that his last living relative died in a crash during his five year absence did wonders for his psyche. 
He developed a nasty form of separation anxiety toward his mentor-turned-adoptive-father -- not that Tony fared much better himself -- and his therapist had said it was a side effect of PTSD and that it would get better over time.
Thankfully, the therapist was right. It took a few weeks, but eventually, Peter could go the length of a school day without his throat closing up with panic and fear when Tony wasn’t in ear shot, and he slowly started to return to his normal way of life. 
The news of his adoption was another story. It was kept firmly under wraps to keep the attention off of him at school when he returned, the only ones aware were the legal team, close friends like Ned and MJ, and family like the Avengers, Pepper, and Happy. 
The business trip that Tony had to go on would keep them apart for longer than they had been apart since Peter’s return as it was scheduled to last for seven days including travel. Those seven days turned into fourteen as complications with the deal arose, and Pepper and Tony were stuck in Italy until everything was resolved.
Peter fared well for the first week. He was surrounded by the rest of his dysfunctional family, and texts and videocalls seemed to fill in the Tony-sized void just enough to get by. 
It wasn’t until day ten that he started to feel the lingering effects of his anxiety start to manifest again. He was having a harder time focusing, unable to spend more than two to three hours in the lab and listening to lectures in class was a lost cause. He even stopped wanting to go out on the little day trips that the others planned for him to get him out of the tower to distract him. 
By day fourteen, he took to crawling into Tony’s bed to sleep as nightmares started to keep him awake all through the night like they had all those months ago. 
Peter had reassured Tony before he left that he would be alright, that he had gotten well enough to be apart that long. He wondered if maybe the billionaire was right to be apprehensive when he left. 
God, he was never going to live this down. 
If he survived the field trip that had all of Midtown in such a buzz, that is. 
Harrington had announced a surprise field trip to the Avengers Tower to tour the Stark Industries floors a few days prior, and Peter wanted nothing more than for the ground to open up and swallow him whole. He called Tony and begged him to not make him go, but the billionaire said it would be good for him to see a different side of the company that he would one day be in charge of. He also threatened to suspend Spiderman privileges for a month if he skipped it.
The teen barely had the energy to argue. He barely had the energy to do anything, but he knew if he told Tony just how bad it was, the man would be on a flight back to New York within the hour. It didn’t matter how much Peter desperately wanted that to happen. He knew that sometimes things would come up, and there was still a multi-billion-dollar tech company to run regardless of his anxiety and borderline unhealthy codependence. 
So, that’s how Peter found himself crammed onto a too loud bus from Midtown that was headed straight for his home. 
If he didn’t have a migraine from stress and lack of sleep, the noise level on the bus would have absolutely given him one. Everyone was understandably excited to tour one of the most advanced facilities in the world, and Peter couldn’t blame them, not really. He would be just as elated as his classmates and friends if he didn’t have two major secret identities riding on the success of the trip, and considering his track record with field trips, he didn’t have high hopes. 
What he didn’t understand was why Ned of all people was so excited. His best friend was practically vibrating in his seat. 
“Dude, you’ve been to the tower at least thirty times,” Peter said, rubbing at his temples as he pressed his forehead into the cool fake leather of the seat in front of him. 
“Yeah, I know, but it’s different this time!”
He lifted his head to shoot Ned and incredulous look. 
“How is it different? You’ve met all of the Avengers, and you’ve been to the penthouse. None of that is going to happen here.” 
Ned threw his hands up like he couldn’t understand why Peter couldn’t understand.
“That’s the point! I’ve already seen all of that stuff, man! I haven’t seen any of the labs or anything.”
“There literally cannot be anything more interesting than what you have already seen. I-“
“Sup, Parker.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark is a Good Dad
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
mostly comfort
Separation Anxiety
Not Canon Compliant
FUCK endgame
and everyone is friends idc what yall say
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
but not too crazy
harrington does his best
Identity Reveal
Sort Of
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Precious Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Fluff
im avoiding all of the series and longfics that i have
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
oh god another field trip im sorry
i have like three more of these planned bc im terrible
oh yeah
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
im also sorry for that

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

