Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Michelle runs her fingers through Peter’s damp hair as he coughs and chokes, leaning over the bucket she has helpfully placed beside the bed, retching up mouthfuls of water and rasping gurgling breaths between hacks.  There isn’t too much she can do at this stage other than hold Peter up so he doesn’t fall and mutter meaningless platitudes under her breath.  Michelle has never been a touchy-freely platitude person so some of them fall flat but she likes to think she has improved some since their kidnapping. She doesn’t really remember being snatched, just that she and Peter and Flash were cleaning up after an AcaDec practice and that Peter was more jumpy than normal.  That Flash was making fun of how twitchy Peter was, how he kept shivering and looking over his shoulder and then they were in a truck and then a warehouse and then this cell with Peter chained tightly against the wall, a gun against her head as Flash cried silently next to her in a similar position.  And a demand being made. Michelle and Flash’s safety for Peter’s compliance.  You can probably guess the choice he made. And now, weeks later, they don’t even have to threaten Michelle or Flash; Peter is too weak from constant torture, from too little food and sleep and water to put up much of a fight.  In her lap he finally is able to take a couple aborted, but deep, breaths.  His lungs still crackling with the water he inhaled and gurgling up his throat.  This isn’t his first time being waterboarded and Michelle is old hat at how to take care of him now.  The first time she had freaked out and thought he was dying, she and Flash both crying and begging for help from unwilling security guards. Now Michelle knows she just has to let him cough up any stray water and, when his lungs sound as bad as they do now, coupage them to help loosen everything up.  She just has to be careful; the whip welts from three days ago still haven’t healed completely yet and she knows they still hurt. “You have to do it harder,” Peter rasps, his voice taking on a vibrato quality from the soft slaps she is giving his back.  She grimaces and sets her teeth but does as he asks, bringing her hand down more firmly over his right lung and causing Peter to both flinch and then gurgle before leaning over the bucket to drool out more water. It takes a few more minutes of Michelle’s careful ministrations before Peter rolls over to press his face into her stomach and pant, too tired to get any more out but his lungs aren’t crackling as bad as they were so Michelle feels better about him not dry drowning and instead tangles her hand back into his hair.  Not moving but just holding him and offering support as he calms back down and his breaths even out. They sit in silence until the door opens and Flash is pushed back into the room.  They had taken him close to half and hour ago for his weekly shower and he’s wearing fresh sweats, his plain white t-shirt sticking to his still damp skin and wet around the collar from his hair.  Flash scowls back at the guards but makes no other moves against them, glaring at the door as it shuts and working his jaw from side to side.  He huffs briefly and then joins Michelle and Peter on the single cot, carefully manhandling Peter’s legs until his calves are in Flash’s lap and Flash can lean back against the wall next to MJ. Flash is silent but the questioning look on his face speaks volumes ‘did he give it up?’ to which MJ shakes her head.  Whoever took them was looking for revenge on Peter but, since they clearly weren’t as stupid as they could be, they saw an opportunity and were also trying to get leverage on Tony Stark.  Michelle knows there have been ransom notes and pictures and videos to try to get money or weapons or who the fuck knows what but Peter hadn’t given anything up.  And Tony hadn’t either.  Peter assured her that he had to be looking for them and had joked early on that, the next time Tony threatened to microchip him, Peter might actually let him but even he seemed slightly dubious these days. “I think he’s asleep,” Flash said quietly, studying Peter’s slack face and the way his breaths come out in labored puffs.  Michelle nodded, her fingers making amorphous shapes on Peter’s scalp.  “He’s really starting to look like shit.” “I know,” Michelle murmured, and she did.  The lack of proper nutrients and enough calories had left Peter’s hair, skin and nails brittle and translucent, his body thin and waif-like.  The purpling bags under his sunken eyes were edging closer to black with lack of restorative rest and his injuries, the number ever growing, were healing slower than ever.  “I don’t know how much longer he can do this,” Michelle admitted, her eyes dry only because fluids were precious these days. Flash hummed next to her, his hand curling around Peter’s calf and a muscle in his jaw twitching as he clenched and uncle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Michelle Jones
Michelle Jones Needs a Hug
Flash Thompson Redemption
Flash Thompson Needs a Hug
Torture
Kidnapping
Amputation
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
spiderson
Recovery
Major Character Injury
Blood and Injury
Injury Recovery
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Identity Reveal
Medical Procedures
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
flash thompson is a good bro
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

