Work Text:
   The first time it happens, the Avengers aren’t really sure on how to handle the scenario. They are sitting around the living room when Steve catches the sight of a small spider crawling across the coffee table, heading towards the bowl of fruit that Natasha has grabbed for herself. Steve rolls up the paper he’s been reading (“Please, just read the news on your phone like everyone else.” “No, Tony. I like the paper.”) and with a swift move he smacked it down, killing the spider instantly. It isn’t until he goes to stand and toss the now soiled paper out that he sees Peter’s horrified expression. “Pete?” Steve asked cautiously. Everyone looks up from their various activities to look at the two. “Pete?” Tony asked, setting the Stark Tablet he had been working on his lap and staring at the teenager with the same concern Steve was. “You, you killed it,” Peter whispered, staring at the table. Steve glanced at the table, seeing the small curled up remaining body of the spider he had just killed. “Ummm, yes?” “What’s up kid?” Tony asked. “It’s just a spider.” “Just a spider,” Peter repeated, turning to look at Tony with wide eyes. “Just a – Mr. Stark! It was not just a spider! It had a family!” The others began to chuckle softly and Steve relaxed, his confusion shifting away and was replaced by fond amusement. Peter was a new addition to the Avengers that Steve hadn’t been sure about but after spending an afternoon with the kid, Steve could say that he had fallen under the kids spell just like everyone else had. Not only did he bring a youthful freshness to the team, the way he interacted with Tony was something to behold. The team had taken bets as to when they would think Peter would call Tony dad - Steve had by the end of the week. “Sure, kid,” Tony rolled his eyes. “It wasn’t doing anything,” Peter huffed, crossing his arms over his chest. “It just wanted to taste the fruit.” “Did it tell you that?” Tony asked sarcastically, picking up his tablet again. “Yes, it did,” Peter huffed. “You can talk to spiders?” Steve asked, raising an eyebrow. “No, he can’t,” Tony smirked. “Yes, I can!” Peter got to his feet, giving the group a glare that looked as terrifying as a puppy. “It wasn’t going to hurt anyone.” “Sure, kid,” Tony nodded his head, clearly placating the teenager. “We believe you.” Peter grumbled under his breath and stalked out of the room in a typical teenage fashion. “He can’t really talk to spiders, can he?” Steve asked, feeling unsure at the encounter that had just transpired. “No, Steve. He’s just yanking your chain,” Tony chuckled. Steve shook his head and continued on to the kitchen to toss the paper away, trying to remember if had done anything as bizarre as to claim he could talk to animals as a teenager. 
 The second time it happened, the Avengers had forgotten about the first incident. It was Pepper who had found the spider, if her shriek was anything to go by. Tony had come running into the room, closely followed by Rhodey, Steve and Sam to find Pepper standing on the couch, clutching a stack of papers to her chest. “Pep!” Tony called out as he saw her, hurrying over to her. “Oh God, Tony! Get it! Get it!” Pepper shuddered, clutching the papers tighter, crinkling them as she did. “Get what?” Tony scanned the room frantically, heart rate climbing as he looked for the threat. “The spider,” Pepper shuddered, pointing towards the window. Following Pepper’s pointing, Tony found the spider she was talking about. It was bigger than what he was expecting and looked dark and hairy, making his own skin crawl at the sight. “How did that even get in here?” Rhodey asked, creeping towards the window to get a closer look. “Who cares,” Sam shuddered. “Cap, you got a newspaper on you?” “No,” Steve shook his head. He reached up and slipped off his shoe. “Alright, one moment.” “Ready or not here I come!” Peter’s voice drifted into the living room. The teenager just stepped inside in time to see Steve’s shoes squish the spider against the window. “Ugh,” Pepper scrunched her nose as Steve withdrew his shoe to reveal a bloodied smear across the window. “That’s disgusting,” Sam agreed. “Peter? You okay?” Rhodes asked. “You look a little pale.” Tony turned to see Peter swaying gently where he stood, eyes fixed on the now smeared spider on the window. “You killed it,” Peter said, his voice sounding wet. “Why?” “You didn’t see how big it was,” Sam shuddered. “No way could I sleep knowing we set that free.” “You’ve been sleeping with it all week,” Peter sniffed, tears welling in his eyes. “That was Spy-D. We were playing hide and seek.” Everyone balked as Peter sniffed, tears flowing down his cheeks. “We were just playing,” Peter hiccupped visibly. Before anyone could say anything, Peter spun on his heels and disappeared down the hallway he had come from. “Did he just say he was playing hide and seek with a spider?” Rhodey asked, turning to Tony for guidance. “Do you think Peter can actually talk to spiders?”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Spiders
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Good Loki (Marvel)
Fluff and Humor
Humor
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Domestic Avengers
Peter can talk to spiders
but not really
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Loki is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Loki & Peter Parker Friendship

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

