Chapter 1





Chapter Text


S T E V E 

Steve Rogers didn’t exactly have exciting Friday night plans.  He’d finished his day at school, made his way home and then settled himself down to get through his grading so that the rest of his weekend would be his.  Sure, a lot of guys his age would be out on a Friday night at a bar or whatever, but whilst Steve enjoyed a beer in his own time that really wasn’t much his scene, and besides that his best friend, Sam Wilson, was out of town so he’d be doing it alone if he did it tonight.  No thank you. Drinking alone definitely didn't have the same appeal.When he eventually looked up and glanced at the time having finally finished his grading, he smiled to himself, stretching out the aches from hours of being hunched over his desk.  The pizza he had ordered should be here pretty soon and he really did feel like it was pretty damn well deserved.  Anyone who thought a teacher’s day was over when the school bell rang really needed to come and do the job for a year or two.  That wasn’t to say Steve disliked his job because he didn’t – he loved it – but it was hard work.He stood up from the desk he had in his second bedroom and stretched more languorously before  gathering the marked papers and putting them safely back in the bag he used to carry his things to and from his classroom just as he heard a knock at the door.Perfect timing, he thought to himself.Leaving the spare bedroom-turned-part-time-office, he grabbed his wallet from where he’d thrown it down on his coffee table earlier that evening and walked to his apartment door, opening it without bothering to check who was on the other side.  In his defense, he was pretty sure it would be the pizza delivery guy, after all. Who turns up unannounced on a Friday night?But it wasn’t the pizza guy.Steve’s mouth dropped open, because instead of a guy bearing a pizza box and some sides there stood Steve’s childhood best friend, Bucky Barnes.  The same Bucky Barnes who should be out in DC – having moved out there a year ago now for work– and very much not stood on Steve’s doorstep here in New York City.“Bucky?”  he asked, almost checking that the man in front of him was real – as if Steve could imagine anything this real. Or mistake him at all, with those velvety eyes and the soft brunette hair, or that scent like fresh laundry and jasmine – soft, sweet and intimately familiar to Steve after all the years of being so damn close – albeit not as close as Steve had wanted to be.“The one and only,” he replied dryly.  “I… sorry I didn’t tell you I’d be coming on our call last week, it’s just that things have changed pretty drastically since then and I… I’m really sorry to do this to you, Stevie, but I needed somewhere safe to go.  Can I come in?”Steve stepped aside numbly, watching as the man came into his space before shaking himself back to nearly normal. Yes it was a shock to have his best friend turn up out of the blue but it was Bucky and after so long of having to contend himself with phone calls and video chats he was here and he just couldn't help this hitch in his hormones at the excitement of that. Until he saw the look on Bucky's face.“Buck, you do know you’re always welcome, right?”  He asked, for lieu of anything better to say. Bucky looked like a scared animal, almost pacing the front room of his apartment. This wasn't normal Bucky behaviour and he hoped that Bucky would actually start whatever conversation they were about to have and explain to him what was actually going on. If he didn't get it off his chest Steve worried he was going to implode in some way. Whatever it was, it was significant enough for Bucky to have flown, or driven, or whatever, across the country and end up standing on Steve’s doorstep with nothing but the rucksack on his back And that haunted look in his eyes.Bucky turned, standing in Steve’s living room and looking more awkward than Steve had ever seen him in, though he had at least shed the rucksack and put it down on the floor next to him.  “I mean, it’s all a bit awkward,” he admitted, and Steve could see he didn’t really know what to say. “What is?  Do you need somewhere to stay?  You know you’re welcome here,” Steve asked cautiously, going for the easiest thing to offer, knowing that in some ways they were the hardest to ask for. Bucky had to know he was welcome here, but sometimes there was a difference in knowing that, and hearing it.    “I mean, I do, but it’s more than that,” he said, shifting his weight from foot to foot in a restless way.  “Look, Steve… can we sit down?”“I wasn’t sure why you were standing up anyway,” Steve nodded, trying to coax a bit of humour out of the situation, a bit of normalcy with his friend, but still absolutely mystified about what was actually going on here.  “Can I get you anything to drink?  I’ve got coffee, or beer, or just a coke?  And pizza should be here soon and you know I always order too much…”Bucky gave him a look.  “I’m good, Stevie, stop fret
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Marvellously Knotty Bang
A/B/O
Alpha Beta Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Omega Bucky Barnes
Idiots in Love
Fake Dating
Fake Relationship
Mpreg
Some angst
Everything Turns out happy in the end
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Mating
Bonding
Family Drama
asshole bosses
Really Bad Ideas
Sam Wilson Is Done With This Shit
Teacher Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

