Work Text:
  “Boss, Spider-Man is crawling up the side of the building and is requesting to come in,” FRIDAY’s voice filtered over the communal living space. Steve paused his conversation with Bucky as the AI spoke, looking to the window. Spider-Man was a new player on the scene and one that only Tony seemed to know personally. It wasn’t often that the vigilante swung by the tower. In fact, Steve had only ever seen him on missions or the occasional patrol when he was near Queens. “Make sure the door is unlocked, sweetheart,” Tony frowned, making his way out of the kitchen with a cup of coffee in his hands. “I didn’t know Spider-Man was dropping by,” Steve said cautiously. “Either did I,” Tony muttered, watching the window. Steve turned to Bucky who gave a shrug. He didn’t seem to find it odd that Spider-Man never came around, nor did he really care that only Tony seemed to be the one in communication with him. It irked Steve a little but he was trying not to let it bother him.  Spider-Man swung into view, cutting off Steve’s thoughts as he stumbled into the room. “Hey Mr. Stark!” Spider-Man greeted cheerfully. “Spidey,” Tony nodded, eyes flicking over the vigilante. “I didn’t know you were dropping by.” “Either did I,” Spider-Man said. “But then I saw the tower and Karen was like, ‘You should drop by and see Mr. Stark’ and I was like, oh hey, Karen that’s a great idea! ‘coz, you know, we really like seeing you and hang-“ “Is that blood?” Tony interrupted, voice going hard. Spider-Man faulted, looking down at his side where Steve could see a dark stain starting to spread across his suit.  Gently, Spider-Man placed his hand over the top and winced. “N-no?” Bucky snorted. “You’re injured,” Steve frowned. “What happened?” “Nothing,” Spider-Man said quickly. “On a completely un-related note, Mr. Stark may I please use your bathroom?” “My bath – no you can’t,” Tony snapped. He strode to Spider-Man, placing his coffee on the table as he passed. Despite the fury radiating off the man, his touch was gentle as he gently lifted Spider-Man’s hand off his stomach. “Oh shit, Kid. Come on, med bay.” “I don’t need the med bay, Mr. Stark!” Spider-Man tried to argue but the glare that he received from Tony had the vigilante cowering. “Yeah, okay. Med bay it is.” “That’s what I thought,” Tony huffed and wrapped an arm around Spider-Man shoulder’s, leading him towards the lift. “What the hell happened, anyway?” “Bank robbery,” Spider-Man said. “They had these guns and –“ “You were shot!” Tony yelped. The look of panic that crossed Tony’s face had Steve’s eyebrows raising. They had been shot at during their line of work many times, but this was the first time that Steve had seen true panic on Tony’s face. It made him wonder who exactly Spider-Man was. “It’s just a little bullet wound,” Spider-Man protested. “There is no such thing as a small bullet wound,” Tony snapped. “Christ! You know I have a heart condition, right?” “I’m sorry,” Spider-man winced, stepping into the lift. “I’m going to start billing you for every grey hair I get,” Tony huffed as the door slid closed and the two disappeared from sight. “I know that look on your face,” Bucky shook his head. “Leave it, Steve.” “You’re not curious to know who Spider-Man is?” Steve asked. “If he wanted to tell us, he would,” Bucky shrugged. “Stark trusts him and that’s enough for me.” Steve pursed his lips, unable to shake the feeling that Tony was hiding Spider-Man from them for a reason. It didn’t sit well with Steve and he needed to know. “I refuse to get involved,” Bucky shook his head, getting to his feet. “You’re on your own, Steve.”Spider-Man wasn’t the only thing that Tony was keeping quiet about. To the surprise of everyone, Tony had gotten himself an intern. Even more surprising was the fact that he was a kid. The first time they had met Peter Parker the kid had come off the elevator on the communal floor and headed directly to the fridge, talking a mile a minute without having even glanced in the living room. “Mr. Stark! You won’t believe the day I had,” Peter rambled. “Ned and I were talking about Star Wars and the new Lego set they are bringing out when I literally stumbled across a DVD player someone had tossed out. They tossed it Mr. Stark! It was, like, brand new!” Peter had opened the fridge and was rummaging around, pulling out an old pizza box. He made a happy noise as he opened it and shut the fridge with his hip. “And it’s perfect for the piece we need for the computer we are building! We’ve nearly finished it too which is awesome because Ned had the wicked idea of building our own working lightsabre’s,” Peter rambled as he opened the box and pulled out two pieces of pizza and stacked them on top of one another. “Do you think you could get me some Vibranium? Because that would be so sick!” Peter opened his mouth and bit into his pizza tower, finally looking up. His eyes widened and his cheeks puffed as he saw that Tony wasn’t alone. “No way am I giving you or
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Protective Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Injured Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
Protective Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
civil war never happened
Good Bucky Barnes
peter parker is an intern
Nobody knows Peter is Spider-Man
Peter Parker reveals his own secret
Mild Blood
i can't think of any more tags

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

