Chapter 1: The Meeting
    


Notes:
Timeline: Wanda comes from approximately eight months after Age of Ultron but before Civil War, making her about twenty seven. Peter is more difficult, obviously. To make them the same age, its at most three or four months after Apocalypse. Maybe five.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
She doesn't know how she did it. How she got there. How she made the gate to him. All she knows is she missed her brother more than life itself. That she wished for someway to see him again. Being drawn to her closet door. Somehow ending up outside, not the outside of the compound, not even anywhere she can recognize. Despite this, Wanda feels no urge to scream or run or hide. She remains completely calm if a bit confused as she takes in her surroundings. Trees crowd around her, the night sky cloudy and dark, a chill running through the air. But her attention lays solely on a figure who has yet to notice her arrival. He sits a distance away, next to a small pond, fidgeting the way Pietro always did when he had to stay still for too long. Wanda knows she should leave him be, not bother him, and yet she feels inexplicably compelled to him. So she walks closer, quietly as to not disturb, and looks at him. His hair is a lighter color that's hard to identify in the darkness, he's wearing a flannel shirt that seems almost too big for him but not quite, and he appears to be dozing off even as he fidgets. He doesn't look familiar.... Or does he? She knows him from somewhere..... Doesn't she? Pietro? No, that's mad. This man is in no way her brother. Where is her mind?Wanda should leave. She's clearly projecting or- or- or-"Hello there." She says. The man gasps awake, startled. He looks at her with brown eyes, so different from her brother."Oh, uh, hey! Sorry- I must of fallen asleep there. But hello there!" He's standing before she knows it, to the point that it dazes Wanda by how quickly he got up. "You here for the bossman, I'm guessing?""The 'bossman'?" Wanda asks."Professor X." Not Pietro elaborates, though it does little for Wanda. "He's always got people coming and going. Or are you a relative? Whatcha doing out here though? You get lost? How'd you miss the giant mansion? You want me to run you back? I have to warn you about wiplash though. And this really gross feeling, happens with everyone, don't worry. I'll even give you a grand tour if you really want! It's really-""Wait- Wait!" Wanda stops him, having trouble keeping up. He just talks so fast. "Slow down.""Sorry." Not Pietro actually looks almost embarrassed for a second, but any hint of that is quickly covered up to the point that Wanda wonders if it was even there in the first place. "It's alright." She says softly. "I'm Wanda."His smile falters but he keeps his happy composure. "Peter." Peter. Even his name reminds her of Pietro's. "Not that it isn't great to meet you but are you here for someone? Not trying to be rude though, you're totally awesome, it's just that if you're here you probably have a reason to be here. So you got one?"Um, I actually don't know why I'm here." Wanda admits, slightly put off by being called 'totally awesome'. "I just sort of ended up where we are."That catches him off guard, but the tips of his mouth quirk up as he lets out a snort. "That happens. Sometimes, maybe, from time to time. Teleporter then? Cool, my best friend's a teleporter. Don't tell Jean I said that.""I don't- I'm not- I don't do that.""Oh, then what then?Wanda shakes her head. "What?""You are a mutant, aren't you?" She stares at him, not really sure what he means. "Damn, so you just ended up in the woods behind a mutant school without knowing how you got there, all without a superpower? All on your own? Cool." He says with a laugh, looking genuinely impressed."I-I was in my room. And- and I was feeling-" Sad. As though she was underwater. Vision was out along with the rest of the team on a mission she felt was too much for her right now. For her powers. And Wanda was thinking about Pietro, about how he was always by her side. And yet, here she was, eight months without him. "Lonely. And my door- It was calling to me. Not- not with words. But it was calling me. And so I went through it.... And now I'm here.""Okay." He says, not questioning her story for a second. But he does look at her in concern, yet for the life of her, Wanda doesn't know why. "Lonely?"Wanda bites her lip."I lost my brother awhile ago." She decides to confide.He looks at her in surprise but his expression quickly turns to sadness. Sadness and- exhaustion? "I'm really sorry." He pauses, seeming to be thinking. "I lost my sister too.""I'm sorry." Wanda offers him in return. "I don't talk about it much." He admits, shrugging awkwardly. "It's a real downer, so....""I don't talk about it much either." She says, not even knowing why she's talking about it now, to him, to this stranger. "It hurts when I do.""Yeah that too.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Billy Kaplan & Tommy Shepherd

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Grief/Mourning
Friendship
Found Family
Sort Of
Reality Bending
Alternate Reality
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Pietro Maximoff Feels
Minor Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Daddy Issues
Getting to Know Each Other
other characters may appear - Freeform
Recreational Drug Use
Post-X-Men: Apocalypse (2016)
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Healing
Fix-It of Sorts
Sibling Bonding
or sort of not really kind of sibling bonding
Multiverse
Mental Health Issues
X-Men: Dark Phoenix (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
dadneto
Jewish Wanda Maximoff
Jewish Pietro Maximoff
Protective Erik Lehnsherr
Honestly Charles What Are You Thinking
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
It Gets Better
but then
It Gets Worse
Pietro Maximoff Goes by Peter
But Erik calls him Pietro
Pietro Maximoff Tells Erik Lehnsherr That They Are Related
Erik Lehnsherr Knows Pietro Maximoff is His Child

fandom: 
Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Billy Kaplan & Tommy Shepherd

