Chapter 1: they're looking for saviours, I'm looking for safety
    




Chapter Text
After the battle of New York, Frigga and Thor convinced Odin to let Loki serve his sentence on Earth, helping Thor and the rest of the Avengers protect Earth as a  punishment .And it really was punishment, the worst Loki could think of.Because honestly Loki would rather be locked up for the rest of his life. He didn't want to see Stark after finding a birthmark in the shape of a 'T' on his wrist. It was mere hours after the attack and hours before his so called  trial  . His father was kind enough to allow Loki to wash up before the trial and Loki almost passed out in the tub when he seen the letter on his wrist. He spent what felt like  hours  scrubbing at the mark but it never faded.The mark was as clear as day against his pale, irritated skin and he considered just cutting that chunk out but it’s not like they love each other so the mark shouldn’t matter.It does matter, Loki was lucky to find his soulmate, everyone on Asgard longed to find theirs and  Loki  just happened to be one of the few that did find them.It doesn’t matter because he doesn’t love him but that doesn’t stop his heartbeat trying to break his rib cage and could feel the anxiety radiating off of Stark as he mustered up the courage to finally talk to Loki after two days of living together.They were both ignoring the pressure in their hearts, Tony waving it off as his stupid weak heart and Loki blamed it on his nerves.Tony sat casually on the couch as Loki took a seat on the armchair across from him "I'm guessing it isn't a coincidence that a mark in the shape of an L showed up on my wrist after you threw me out a window" Tony says and frowns when Loki's eyes widen slightly in surprise. He knew Tony was smart enough to figure it out, only someone as dumb as Thor couldn’t "smart man you are Stark" Loki retorts"what the fuck is it Loki" Tony gets right to it, not wanting to fuck around. Maybe he was as dumb as Thor"a soul mark" "that answers a lot" Tony scoffs with a frown."Midgard doesn't have soulmates?"“it’s a myth” Tony spits, rubbing his head for a second, he already has a headache and Loki was making it worse.“obviously it’s not” Loki says showing his own mark, a ‘T’ on his wrist and Tony falters.“is there a way to get rid of it?” Tony asks instead “it’s damn hard hiding it from everyone and I got a tattoo yesterday to cover it but today it’s gone” “there is a way but you won’t like it”“Brother” Tony spins around at the sound of Thor’s voice “oh I’m sorry am I interrupting?” Thor asks looking between the two and Tony sighs in relief realizing that Thor never heard their conversation.“No you weren’t” Loki answers as he walks by Tony and heads into the elevator with his brother.Tony wants to stop him but instead he watches as Thor happily talks Loki’s ear off and Tony can’t read the look Loki gives him a split second before the elevator doors close.Pity.Loki feels bad for him.But Tony can’t think of a single reason why. Tony is the one that should feel bad for Loki afterall Loki's soulmate is an asshole genius alcoholic not to mention that he’s  human. This wasn’t going to end well. Not for any of them and Tony never wished for Pepper more than he does right now.But Pepper doesn’t love him anymore, she said so herself.
 Loki won’t love you either.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Loki
Loki & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Tony Stark Has Issues
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Thor (Marvel)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Post-Avengers (2012)
Slow Burn
Slow Build
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Mythology References
Odin's Bad Parenting (Marvel)
kinda canon compliant?
no bruce and natasha bc wtf was that?
Protective Siblings
protective older sister hela
thor tryin to be a better bro
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Recreational Drug Use
Implied/Referenced Torture
Eventual Fluff

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Loki
Loki & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor

