Work Text:
He’s on his way out the door when the call comes.“I’m at the train station,” Loki says. His voice is static over the phone.Thor holds his breath.“Come pick me up,” the static says.-Thor unwraps the foil packaging from his pop tarts, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and scratching absently at the skin of his stomach. It’s almost eleven, sun already fully risen over the Seattle skyline and peaking through the blinds of the apartment. It’s rare for the sun to be shining here, especially in winter, but there it is, practically blinding. On the couch, Loki is still asleep, face down in the musty cushions, feet poking over the side of the arm. Truth is Loki would sleep all day if Thor let him, especially after a night of drinking.Loki always tries to out drink Thor.He’s never successful.The coffee machine beeps and Thor pours himself a cup, black. He chews and drinks and watches Loki sleep, the steady rise and fall of his body. His shirt has ridden up, exposing the dimples on his lower back, the pale stretch of his skin. The elastic band of Loki’s favorite sweatpants is worn thin from years of use - it sits dangerously low on his bony hips, and Thor thinks it’s a miracle they’re even staying up.He wonders how long Loki is going to stay this time.Thor finishes his coffee and showers. His hair is running just below his shoulders these days, a little too long for his tastes, and he knows he needs to ask Loki to cut it for him. By the time he’s finished showering, Loki is up, perched on the top of the couch eating an apple. He still looks half asleep, hair unruly. Of Montreal plays from the stereo.“Did I say you could touch my records,” Thor says.“I believe this record is mine,” Loki says.Thor laughs, comes up behind him and ruffles his hair a bit. Loki bats his hand away with a low snarl.“You’re always so grumpy in the mornings,” Thor says.“Some of these records are mine, you know.” Loki takes another bite of his apple. “Also your record player is dusty as hell. When is the last time you cleaned in here?”“Whenever you did,” Thor says.Loki rolls his eyes.“It’s not good for the vinyl,” he says.“I’m sure it’s fine.” Thor runs his hand through Loki’s hair again, not to ruffle it this time, just to smooth it out some. “You should take a shower and come to the gas station with me.”“Maybe.”Loki leans back into Thor’s touch for a moment, eyes closed. He looks comfortable, at peace, little rays of sunlight making his skin glow. He pulls away and slides down onto the couch cushions, digging around for his phone. Thor watches him.“Have you eaten recently?” He asks.“I have an apple,” Loki says, waving the fruit around. He keeps his eyes on his phone.“I mean proper food.”Loki shrugs. “Close enough to that.”Thor leans over the couch and pokes at Loki’s ribs. Loki squirms, darting off the couch to avoid Thor’s probing fingers. Thor grins.“You look anorexic,” he says.“We can’t all be built like a brick shithouse,” Loki says. He smooths a hand over his flat stomach. “Give me ten minutes to shower.”“All right.”-When Thor goes to work, he doesn’t know what Loki does. He never knows what Loki is up to, half the time he can hardly figure out what he’s thinking. Loki disappears for days on end, sometimes weeks, and then shows up again like a snowstorm, in your face and unavoidable. Thor gets an undeniable swell in his chest every time Loki comes back.He works at a café in downtown. The lighting is always low, the smell of organic coffee beans strong. Every hipster in Seattle goes there to hang out. There’s a record store upstairs, and Thor can hear the sounds of Gregory and the Hawk through the vents. At any given time, the café is either packed or almost entirely empty. Today it’s empty.“I hear Loki is back in town,” Sif says, nudging Thor by the kitchen.“Yeah,” Thor says, smiling. “He got back last night.”“I also heard you two drank Fandral’s keg by yourselves.”Thor laughs.“We put a dent in it.”Sif shakes her head and keeps wiping down the ovens. She’s got hot chocolate all over her apron, courtesy of Thor’s clumsy hands from earlier.“Is he staying for good, this time?” She asks.“I think so.”“Good,” Sif says. “Because you’re always mopey as hell every time he leaves.”“I am not,” Thor says.“You really are. You act like a kicked puppy. It makes me want to punch him in his pretty little face.”“I do not act like a puppy,” Thor says.His arms are crossed over his front and he realizes he probably looks like a petulant child but doesn’t care.“Uh-huh,” Sif says. “So where did Loki go this time?”“I don’t know,” Thor says. “I didn’t ask.”He never asks, even when he really wants to know. He waits for Loki, he’ll always wait for Loki, keeping his phone close to his side until Loki calls him from the airport. Or the bus station. Or the train tracks. Thor always goes to him and takes him back to the apartment and they act like nothing has happened. He doesn’t ask where Loki goes, Loki doesn’t tell him, and Thor doesn’t tell him that it kill
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Hipsters

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

