Work Text:
  With the sudden arrival of Thor, Bruce, Loki and the remaining people of Asgard, Tony forgot to tell Peter of their arrival. It had been a whirlwind of information as Thor and Bruce regaled Tony with their story, finding land to create a new home for the Asgardians, learning of Bruce’s adventure as the Hulk and keeping an eye on Loki. It wasn’t until the kid stepped into the Compound and came face to face with the God of Thunder himself did Tony realize his mistake. “You’re Thor,” Peter gasped, staring star-eyed at the god, hands clutching the straps of the backpack he still wore. “Indeed, I am,” Thor beamed proudly. “And who might you be?” “I’m Peter Man,” Peter said breathlessly. “Wait! No, I’m Spider Parker. No, shoot, no, I can get this.” Tony lips twitched with amusement as the kid struggled with his own name under the fanboying he was currently experiencing. He placed a hand on Peter’s shoulder and gave it a squeeze. “This is Peter. He also goes by Spider-Man.” “There’s a Spider-Man?” Bruce asked, eyes going wide. “There’s an Ant Man too,” Tony said. “But that’s a story for another day.” Bruce shook his head with wonder. “Mr. Stark! It’s Bruce Banner,” Peter gaped, staring at Bruce who seemed unsure what to do with Peter’s intense interest in him. “Sure is, kiddo,” Tony winked at Bruce. “If you’re good maybe he’ll let you do science stuff with him.” “Oh my god that would literally be the best day ever!” Peter gaped, the straps of his back pack straining under the pressure of his grip. “Ah, you are Stark’s son,” Thor boomed, looking pleased with his conclusion. “A man of science too!”Peter’s cheeks went red and he squirmed at Thor’s words. Tony’s mouth went dry but his grip on Peter’s shoulder never loosened. The two had grown incredibly close since their first meeting and while Tony had denied it at first, he had come to feel something paternal towards Peter. Of course, Tony was too nervous to say anything to the kid, not wanting to scare him off and he was too afraid that if he admitted it out loud he would screw things up. “He looks just like you,” Thor added, oblivious. “You must be proud of your boy.”“Very,” Tony smiled softly, squeezing Peter’s shoulder. Peter’s head snapped to Tony, mouth dropping open. “My brother would be very pleased to meet you too,” Thor added. “LOKI’S HERE?!” Peter yelped, his body practically vibrating with excitement as his head whipped back to Thor. “Indeed,” Thor boomed, looking pleased. “Though, I am not sure where he is right now…” “Oh great, Reindeer games is on the loose,” Tony muttered. Despite Bruce and Thor vouching for Loki’s change of behavior and that he had helped save the remaining people of Asgard, Tony was wary of the god. “Oh my god, Loki is here. This is, like, the best day ever!” Peter babbled, bouncing on he toes. “What about when you met me?” Tony half teased. “Mr. Stark I’ve read all about Loki! He’s powers are wicked cool! Do you know what he can do with them?” “I have some idea,” Tony muttered with a scowl. Peter ignored Tony. “He can shape shift! Shape shift Mr. Stark! Do you know how cool that is?” “Yes, my brother is quite fond of that trick,” Thor mused. “One time, he transformed into a snake.” “Uh, probably best to end the story there,” Bruce said with a wince, shooting a quick look to Peter. Tony could only imagine how that story was going to end and was grateful that Bruce had the foresight to stop Thor. “That’s so cool! And the illusions he can do! I read somewhere that your mum taught him. Is that true?” Peter rambled at top speed. “Yes, she did.” Everyone turned at Loki’s voice. He was standing a few feet away, nobody hearing him come in. He was looking at Peter in a way that made Tony step closer to the kid. Peter’s cheeks had gone red as he stared at the god. “Hi,” he managed to squeak out. “Hello,” Loki nodded. “Loki! Meet Peter, son of Stark,” Thor beamed. Loki’s eyes flickered between the two. “A pleasure to meet you, Peter,” Loki offered a small but genuine smile. Tony was a little suspicious but not surprised that the god had fallen under Peter’s spell. The kid had a knack at making everyone at ease. It was both a blessing and a curse that was going to turn Tony Grey before he turned 50.   “Mr. Loki sir, God of Mischief I am so honored to meet you and I think you are awesome and that your magic is cool and oh wow your so much taller in person!” Peter gasped out in one breath. Tony couldn’t help it. He snorted with laughter. “Stop,” Peter whined, elbowing Tony in the stomach lightly, ears turning red with embarrassment. “Only you kid,” Tony chuckled. “Thank you,” Loki’s voice was smooth but sincere. “Your welcome,” Peter gushed. “Do you think, if you have the time of course, you could show me your magic? You don’t have to! I know you're probably too busy for me. Sorry, it’s a dumb idea.” “I can show you,” Loki said. His eyes flickered to Tony. “If it’s alright with your father.” Tony blinked with surprise. As much as he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Is A Fanboy
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner is confused
Tony Stark & Thor Friendship
Thor is a good brother
Loki isn't bad
Loki Is Trying
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Peter Parker is a fan
New Asgard

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

