Chapter 1: percy is assaulted by a clownfish
    




Chapter Text
The day was going great. That is, until Percy was assaulted by a clownfish.He was just trying to have a relaxing evening with his girlfriend, but the Fates were never that nice, were they? Him and Annabeth were in Montauk, celebrating the second anniversary of the end of the Titan War and Percy's birthday. They decided to spend some time alone together in the water, just like they had done on multiple occasions. Percy created an air bubble, and Annabeth got the blue cupcakes. It was meant to be peaceful, but of course, some disaster had to happen that pulled Percy away.Just as Percy had blown out the candle, he heard an extremely annoying voice screaming in his head. Of course, after living with his sometimes-odd abilities for so long, Percy had grown accustomed to hearing voices that nobody else could, and he didn't think much of it when he found he could hear the anxious yelling of a clownfish (whose name was Marlin, by the way)."My lord! My lord! We need your help! Please!" the clownfish screamed, swimming as close as he could get to the air bubble without breaching it.Percy sighed, closing his eyes and counting to ten, hoping that the fish would just go away so that he could enjoy his birthday with his girlfriend in peace.Unfortunately, the sea animal was determined."My lord! Can you hear me? Hello! There's been a bombing! Please!"Percy cracked one eye open, seeing a soft smile on Annabeth's face. She had noticed what was going on, or at least, she had guessed. This happened more than Percy would like to admit.With one last deep breath, Percy responded, "What?"He didn't mean it to come out so snappy, but it did. There was nothing he could do to change that, so he just continued on without apologizing. Honestly, couldn't he just get some vacation time for once?!"We need your help, my lord! There's been a bombing on the Brooklyn Bridge! It's going to collapse! I have friends who live in the East River!" the fish hurriedly rushed out.That peaked his attention. No matter how annoying it could be, Percy was still the son of Poseidon, and that meant he had a natural instinct to protect the ocean. Or any bodies of water, really. So there was really no other option for him other than to leave his beautiful girlfriend so that he could help the inhabitants of the East River."Perce?" Annabeth inquired, already clearly knowing what was about to be said to her.Percy sighed, "Annabeth..."Annabeth tried to give him a reassuring smile, but Percy could see through it, "It's okay. I understand. Go help. I'll still be here when you get back."Percy gave her an apologetic smile before giving her a quick peck on the lips, "I love you so much! I'll be quick! I promise!""If only I could believe that," she muttered. Annabeth thought he hadn't heard, but he did.Even so, he brought Annabeth to the beach and popped the bubble before jetting off with Marlin pulled alongside him. He knew that eventually he would have to part ways with the small fish, but for now, Percy needed the whole story."Ok, what happened? I need to know what I'm walking into," he said.If it was possible, Marlin took a deep, calming breath before saying, "There was a psycho on the bridge with a bomb strapped to his chest. He stopped traffic, and kept ranting about how he was going to bring the truth to the surface and that, and I quote, 'You mortals are blind to the truth.' Then, there was an explosion and the bridge became unstable. That was ten minutes ago."Wow, Percy thought, That's a lot of description coming from a clownfish."Thanks. Was it a mortal with the bomb?" he asked."Yes. At least, that's what the pigeon said. Word travels fast in the ocean, and not a lot of it is true. I just told you what I heard," Marlin answered.That's when Percy realized that it was time to let Marlin go. They were already far from the fish's probable home, and soon enough, it would become nearly-impossible for the animal to find his way home again."That's good, but you should head back now. I can take it from here. I'll propel you a little ways so you have a head start. Thanks again for the warning," Percy told Marlin before using his powers to shoot the fish away.Percy sped up to his maximum speed for the rest of the way, so it only took about five minutes.When he got there, the place was a fiasco. Between animals crying out to him in distress or relief and the screams from the humans on the bridge, Percy could barely hear himself breathe. There was so much panic!But he had been in situations like this before. He knew how to handle this. Heck, he had been in the middle of two wars! He could handle a little bombed bridge! Yeah..."Ok, guys. I suggest you all move towards the floor. I'm about to do something really big, probably stupid, and most definitely dangerous for you if you don't move," Percy yelled to all of the sea creatures around him.They instantly followed his instructions. Normally, that would bother
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
Jason Grace/Piper McLean
Calypso/Leo Valdez
Hazel Levesque/Frank Zhang
Nico di Angelo & Will Solace
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Paul Blofis/Sally Jackson

freeform: 
Canon Crossover
Post-The Blood of Olympus (Heroes of Olympus)
Post-Avengers (2012)
Character Death
Angst
like so much of it
but also some fluff
to spice it up
I kinda get into it with the fight scenes
Beheading
Blood-bending
BAMF Percy Jackson
BAMF Annabeth Chase (Percy Jackson)
BAMF Hazel Levesque
basically everyone is a badass
but especially percy and hazel
like no more shy girl here
this gets a little dark
the italics are ancient greek

fandom: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
Jason Grace/Piper McLean
Calypso/Leo Valdez
Hazel Levesque/Frank Zhang
Nico di Angelo & Will Solace
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Paul Blofis/Sally Jackson

