Chapter 1: Greenest in the Nine Realms
    


Notes:
Welcome! I hope you enjoy this preface to my first longer fic. This story has existed in my head for a long time now, and I thought it might be nice to actually write it down. There will be angst, hurt/comfort, whump, all of the good things. I do not have an uploading schedule or a beta reader, but I should post fairly regularly. Feel free to comment and yell at me if I fall behind.EDITED: As of 5/25/21

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

    
"Good morning, Rose." Thor stepped off the elevator and into the common room, where you sat diligently studying Chitauri anatomy, and wondering where the best place to stab one would be. “Still hard at work, I see.”

Looking up from the StarkPad in your lap, you smiled at him and nodded. 

    
“Yep. I keep thinking I’ve gone over everything, and then Tony or Nat pulls out something new, and I go off down a new rabbit trail.” 

    
As the newest recruit, you’d decided to go over all records pertaining to the team: files and backgrounds on each of the others, histories of SHIELD and its founders, lists of possible threats, and past missions. There was more material than you’d expected, but there were hardly any missions at present, so you had more than enough time to spend looking over it. Right now, you were still working on all the information about the Battle of New York.

    
Swiping to the next entry in the file, you carefully studied a security shot of Loki in Germany. He really was something. After all the reading you’d done, you couldn’t help but feel that there was something off about the whole thing. From what you knew about him from your childhood mythology obsession, and what Thor had told you, the attack seemed out of character. Oh, well. You didn't pretend to understand the inner workings of his mind. Who did you think you were, a psychologist for Norse gods?

Thor sat down beside you and looked over your shoulder.

"You are going over the information on Loki?" 

You nodded cautiously. You knew his brother's actions were a sensitive topic for him, and you didn't want to press him into discussing them.

"We used to have fun. We were the best of friends as children."

Evidently, he wanted to talk about him.

"I'll bet you did."

"Did I ever tell you about the time he turned into a snake and stabbed me?"

"No," you answered curiously, laying the device aside.

"Well, you see, father had chosen me over him for some official event or other, and my brother was angry. I see now that he picked me too often." He paused sadly for a moment. "Anyway, Loki was angry. He turned himself into a snake, and layed on my favorite path in the gardens. I love snakes, and I picked it up, just as he knew I would, and then he turned back into himself, yelled 'Mblergh It's me!' and stabbed me." Thor was laughing by this time, and even though you were a bit concerned at the carelessness with which he treated being stabbed, you couldn't help but laugh too. 

"In retrospect, I should have been suspicious. No Asgardian snake has emerald eyes like that one did." Thor shook his head in memory.

"Why would green eyes mean it was Loki?" you asked blithely.

"He has the greenest eyes in the nine realms.” He shrugged, as if that were common knowledge.

"His eyes are blue." You spoke definitively, hoping Thor wouldn't ask how you knew. You didn't feel like explaining that you'd spent much more time than necessary looking over his photographs in the various files. 

"What do you mean? My brother’s eyes are green."

You shrugged. "Here, I'll show you." You swiped through the StarkPad till you found one taken closely enough to demonstrate the god's eye color. “See? Blue.”

“That isn’t right,” Thor bent over it to study the photo more closely. “I do not know what happened here, but that is 

not 

right.”

“Well…” You figured that Thor knew what color his brother’s eyes were after a thousand years. “Couldn’t he just have changed them for some reason? He can do that right?”

“Loki never does anything without a purpose. No matter how inconsequential it may seem at the time, he always has a reason. And as I recall, he was always peculiarly proud of his eyes.” 

“Ok, so, what significance do blue eyes have on Asgard? Do they denote a king or something? I can’t remember anything in particular.”

“Nearly half of the population has them,” he said. “Do they mean something here?”

“No.” You shrugged. “Blue eyes. Blue eyes?” you muttered, leaning back in your seat and studying the ceiling. “Could they have something to do with the Chitauri?”

“Or the scepter?” he mused.

“

Thor

!” You jerked forward and grabbed his arm tightly. “The 

scepter

!”

He looked at you blankly.

“Thor, blue eyes and the scepter! Don’t you remember what happened to Clint?” You reached for the tablet and clicked through a few files to reveal a photo of Clint. “They’re even the same shade. Which means that Loki could have
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki Gets a Hug (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Torture
Psychological Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Odin's Bad Parenting (Marvel)
Big Brother Thor (Marvel)
Whump
Loki Whump
Poor Loki (Marvel)
Asgard
Wrongful Imprisonment
Blood and Torture
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Thor is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Caretaker reader
Whipping
Beating
Chains
Handcuffs
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bruce is not that kind of doctor
Blood and Injury
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Recovery
Mental Instability
I recognize cannon but given that it's stupid-ass cannon I've elected to ignore it
Trauma
Nightmares
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Bathing/Washing
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Hair Washing
Slow Burn
References to Shakespeare
Hair Braiding
Peter is a ray of sunshine
First Kiss
Love Confessions
Slow Dancing
Tickling
i guess this thing has a plot now oops
Fluff
Idiots in Love
Morning Kisses
Literal Sleeping Together
Morning Cuddles
Couch Cuddles
Comfort
How Do I Tag

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

