Chapter 1: JBB
    




Chapter Text
It happened when you were sixteen.
You hadn’t seen it coming. Why would you? Soulmates weren’t a thing by the time you were born. It was an old concept, a montage of grainy, black and white photos you might see in a museum, or the history channel if there was nothing else to watch.
The last recorded soulmate pairing happened in 1967. Ethel and Barry Manigold, from Des Moines, Iowa. You had remembered reading an article about the couple not long before, now old and gray, happy to have lived their lives together with their literal other half. Even back then, pairings had basically gone extinct, but against all odds they found each other. There had been a picture with the two of them, smiling and holding up their left wrists to display their marks, the visible manifestation of a bond that transcended space, time, or logic.
 It was a sweet story, but it marked the end of that era of human history. Experts postulated that pairings phased out with the advancement of technology. People didn’t need markings to bring them together, to fall in love and procreate. A plane ticket, a car ride, the click of a mouse could bring people together better than anything else. “Soulmate” was just a word now, a whimsical title lovers gave each other that didn’t hold any true weight. Soulmates just weren’t a thing anymore.  
And yet, it happened to you.
It was a day that was seared in your memory, one that rocked the very foundation of your life up until that point.
You were in history class, barely paying attention. You should have been since the midterm was coming up soon, but that hadn’t been your biggest concern. You were mostly concerned about the winter dance that was happening that Friday. You had already gotten a pretty dress, one that you hoped would impress Nathan Farris, who you had a big crush on.
In fact, Nathan sat directly in front of you during history. You had been watching the back of his head when Mrs. Friedman had changed slides on the projector that day, displaying a picture that would change your life forever.
“Okay, so now we’re going to talk about a turning point during the Second World War,” you heard your teacher say, your eyes still on Nathan’s thick curls. You were obsessed with the tendrils at the nape of his neck, and it was a struggle every day not to reach out and stroke them.
“During the war, the U.S. government had developed a secret super-soldier program, one that aimed to create genetically modified soldiers that were stronger and faster than the average man. Can anyone tell me the name of the first and only successful participant of this program?” Mrs. Friedman asked the class, her eyes expectant.
“Steve Rogers,” you heard Sadie Winlow call out, and you rolled your eyes, though they promptly returned to Nathan’s curls. Sadie was the biggest ass-kisser in your class, and she thought she was the smartest too, though her grades would say otherwise. You couldn’t stand her, and you figured there was hardly anyone in the entire school who could.
“Yes, Sadie,” Mrs. Friedman said, and you could tell she was stifling a sigh. “Steve Rogers is correct. He would become Captain America, and lead a group of men called the Howling Commandos. They were instrumental in the war effort, particularly when it came to Hydra, a secret division of the Nazis,” she said, clicking the slide once more.
That’s when you looked up and saw him. Not Captain America, though he was in the middle of the sepia photo displayed at the front of the room. No, your eyes landed straight on the man to the Captain’s right. He had short, dark hair, slicked back and parted at the side. His skin looked smooth and alabaster, his jawline sharp, a little dip in the middle of his chin. He looked young, perhaps only a few years older than you when the photo was taken. He was in uniform, carrying a rifle in his hand, looking off to the side at some point beyond the camera, his jaw set, his face determined.
And his eyes.
You couldn’t tell what color they were, you couldn’t even really see them too well from where you were sitting, but you were enraptured by them. Despite the look on his face, despite the surroundings and circumstances around him, his eyes looked kind and warm. Your breathing grew uneven as you continued to look at the photo, the rest of the class fading away, your teacher’s voice becoming a dim buzzing in your ear. Nothing existed at that moment but you and that man in the photo.
You didn’t know who he was, you didn’t know his name, you shouldn’t have cared, but your heart was seized by something foreign, something you couldn’t explain, and it was drawing you to this unknown man at lightning speed. It was a feeling that was beyond you; you couldn’t control it, and you were being consumed by it.
That’s why it took you so long to notice that your wrist was on fire. It was the only thing that pulled your attention away from the man in the picture. You looked down at your wrist, and it was red and an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Angst
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Kinda
Tony Goes to Parent-Teacher Conferences
Eventual Fluff
ALL ABOARD THE ANGST TRAIN
choo choo
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

