Chapter 1



Notes:
* cover art by me, texture and text by Tahariel.




Chapter Text





 
 

i.

Nuclear war might almost have been better, Charles thought at times. Not, of course, that reality could be much worse—but it seemed as if the bright and glorious implosion of a two-stage bomb would have at the very least been faster.
He watched the world turn through a television set; through newspapers and gossip. The sky above was tinted faintly green with smoke wafting away from another part of the globe, and he was told that the water had to be treated for sulfuric acid before they gave it to him.
That winter it had snowed extraordinarily, and Charles didn’t eat fresh food for two weeks because no one could reach the valley. It had never snowed that much in the mountains outside of Chilliwack before; not in anyone’s lifetime.
 
 

ii.

“I’d like to see Erik,” Charles stated that morning. He always said that, every morning, when Lila came to bring him the paper and breakfast. The food was predictably, reliably lukewarm by the time it reached him; his house lacked a kitchen.
“Sorry,” Lila pouted. For all Charles knew, she was being sincere. “I don’t have that kind of authority. But—” she paused, and smiled as if she’d had an epiphany— “I’ll ask my supervisor.”
She was old and pretty beneath her burnished helmet.
Charles was used to being unable to hear anyone’s thoughts by now. Occasionally, someone would hike through the grounds; more and more as the world outside grew worse and refugees sought out the hidden parts of the country; less as the winters grew colder and the refugees fewer.
The first year he had drawn them to him like a piper, all boldness and flair.
He stopped after the first few times he had experienced, vicariously, what it felt like to be shot in the chest.
He would have stopped sooner, but then he stopped hearing about his students over the television. It was a long time before he admitted to himself that the two things were related.
 
 

iii.

The valley stretched out before him, glacier-carved and vibrant green. The fall storms brought rain and fog; not the violent storms he was used to, but a constant heavy ache of rain. Today, however, Charles could see green; could see the mountain slopes laid out in their entirety.
The window was huge; seamless glass from floor to ceiling. Erik had really spared no expense. Even the house itself—almost a manor, really—sprawled, curving up floor by floor. Charles could reach all of it, or at least the parts of it that weren’t walled off, even in his chair.
It was a cold hospitality, despite the warmth of the fires in their cages. It was an exhibit, although the audience was within.
“Excellent news, Charles!” Lila said in greeting, carrying a tray of real bacon and eggs—something Charles had never lacked enough to miss, although he knew from the television that these things were more precious than gold, which could not be eaten. Lila looked older than she used to, and she had confessed once that she’d lost a niece and a cousin in the years since meeting Charles.
“And what is that, my dear?” Charles replied, turning away from the window. He dropped a hand down to the rim of a wheel, ready to turn in full; a life spent as a telepath made him a poor guesser, at times, but over time he’d grown better at reading the staff’s obscured faces. This was something important; not another victory for the Brotherhood, which they knew brought him no joy, but something he might genuinely like.
“You’re being moved,” Lila told him, setting the tray down at the table. “To New York.”
To New York.

To Erik.

 
 

iv.

They belted his chair to the floor and walls of the plane. Charles, for his part, found himself strapped down to the chair. This made it difficult to look out the window, but if he craned his head just right he could see.
On the initial flight out to British Columbia, surrounded by mutants armed with nothing more than their genetics, Charles had been certain that it would not be long before one of them made a mistake; before he could manage to slip the stifling metal from his head and turn them to his aid. Back then, Charles had glared sullenly out the window and bided his time by watching the neat green circles and squares of fields pass below.
Now most of what he saw down there, where the earth was not already scarred black with ash, was an unbroken, unhealthy brown.
 
 

v.

“Erik,” Charles breathed. His old friend was still recognizable; he still looked the same, still with that flowing cape and ridiculous red and purple helmet, but there was something grown tired in his face, in the lines of his eyes and around the creases of his nose. Even the edges of his cape were grayed, though it could not have been the same garment. For a moment, Charles felt an urge to help Erik; to make him smile again, genuinely, as he had once.
The feeling was short-lived. Charles knew well enough who had led the destruction of the world, and his inclination toward goodwill falt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Psychological Drama
Science
Dubious Consent
Slow Build
Post-Apocalyptic
Captivity
Stockholm Syndrome
Cherik - Freeform
dubcon
Future Fic
Alternate Universe - Dystopia
Dark
Kinkmeme
Nuclear Winter
Mutant Revolution
Unrequited Love

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

