Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text

Natasha scans the team making their way out of the quinjet, and she tries to keep a steady expression when the one person she had been expecting doesn’t appear.

“Where’s Rogers?”

“After we debriefed in the jet, Captain just took off,” One of the agents who was last to come out answered her with an evident shake to his voice.

“And you didn’t even think to ask him where he headed off to?”

“He didn’t give us any time to ask.”

Natasha turns on her heel at his words, stalking back inside and heading straight up to her floor, finding Wanda and Rose on the couch watching TV. Upon closer inspection, she sees that the volume on the show was turned on low and Rose was leaning against Wanda’s side, fast asleep.

“Natasha,” Wanda greets when she sees her sit on the armrest. “Is everything alright?”

“Steve went rogue post debriefing,” Natasha answers honestly. “They don’t have eyes on him, I have no idea when he’s coming back.”

“I’m sure it must be important,” Wanda tries to reassure. “He’s old enough to take care of himself—,”

“But he also has a five year old waiting for him to come home,” Natasha looks pointedly at Rose. “I’ll try to reach him tonight.”

Natasha maneuvers Rose into a more comfortable position on the couch, her head laying on Wanda's lap. The little girl stirs from the movement, blinking drowsily.

"Daddy?"

"It’s Mama," Natasha hums, coaxing her to lay back down. “Go back to sleep.”

“Is Daddy here?”

“Not yet.”

“He said,” Rose cuts herself off with a yawn. “He said t’day.”

“I know, baby,” Natasha leans down to kiss her temple. “I’ll be reminding him of that when he gets back, I promise.”

“Do you think he’ll be home soon?” Wanda asks quietly, and Natasha looks up for a moment before pressing her lips against her forehead as well.

“He better.”

They go through the motions for the rest of the day, Wanda staying in the guest bedroom that evening to lend an extra hand and Rose feeling generally anxious about the delay of her father’s return. Natasha makes sure that the two girls were sound asleep in their rooms before retiring to hers, pulling her phone out to contact Steve and cursing when it goes straight to voicemail.

Natasha finally relents to leaving a message after the fifth attempt, sighing deeply.

“Going rogue is more my style, didn’t expect you to follow along,” Natasha tries to keep her voice neutral, almost teasing, even though she knows she’ll be giving him an earful the minute she lays eyes on him. “You promised Rosie you’d be home today, and you’re not, so you better have a damn good explanation for it, alright? Call back.”

Natasha leaves more messages over the next few days, attempting to trace the phone signal but coming up with either a broad radius or an intercepted location every single time, rendering her efforts futile. She works hard to keep her daughter’s hopes high that Steve would be back soon, but a few days turn into three weeks, with the little girl being more disheartened as each day passes, eventually asking for him less and less.

Natasha was almost at her wits end, constantly reaching out and receiving radio silence, and just as she was about to plan to search for him herself, she finally hears that he’s left a message and she immediately presses play.

“Hey, Nat,” Steve’s voice sounded exhausted on the other line. “I’m so sorry for not getting in touch sooner. I...I’ll be flying back tomorrow; could you do me a favor and wait up? I promise I’ll explain everything. I love you and I’ll see you by then, alright? Give our girl a kiss for me.”

Natasha feels anger and disappointment and goddamn relief charge through her veins all at once at the sound of his voice—he sounds genuinely apologetic, that much she can tell, but it doesn’t excuse the fact that he’s done it on purpose without letting them, his own family, know about his whereabouts the past few weeks.

She doesn’t tell Rose about Steve arriving the next day, not wanting to disappoint her if it doesn’t happen. She goes about the day as normal, bringing Rose to and from kindergarten, but when she tucks her daughter into sleep later that evening, she presses two kisses on her forehead.

Natasha stays in the living room to wait for him as promised, busying herself with tidying up and reading a bit to pass the time. She hears the faint whirr of the elevator at around three in the morning, and she doesn’t turn around to face him, not even when she hears the steady pace of his shoes against the floor.

“You’re late,” Natasha’s words slice through the tension like a knife, and she expected a retort, an apology, or even a sigh.

What she didn’t expect was a startled whine.

Natasha swiftly stands to face him, and the anger she feels boils down to a simmer at the sight in front of her.

Steve was in civilian clothes, his uniform presumably packed in the duffle bag by his feet, but what catches her eye is the bright yellow sling across his chest, holding the bundle close t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Parent Natasha Romanov
Parenthood
Parent-Child Relationship
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Found Family
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Steve Rogers
Domestic Fluff
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Attachment Issues
Parent Steve Rogers
Team as Family
Family
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Adopted Children
Kid Wanda Maximoff
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

