Work Text:
  “Once again you should all be proud of your achievement,” Mr. Harrington said, tapping the side of the first place trophy with a bright grin. “You guys earned it.” Peter clapped along with the rest of his Decathlon team. It had been a tough competition, but Midtown had managed to come out on top and secure the win.  As the clapping died down, Mr. Harrington cleared his throat. “Not only did you guys bring home the first place trophy, but you also received an invitation.” Peter looked to Ned as whispers broke out among the group. Ned shrugged in return, looking as confused as Peter felt. “An invitation to what?” Betty asked. “You have all been invited to the annual Science and Technology Convention,” Mr. Harrington beamed. “As I’m sure you all know, this convention happens once a year where the greatest scientists and engineers come together to discuss what they’ve been working on.” Peter sat up straighter in his seat, excitement brewing under his skin. Of course he knew about the convention but had never dreamed that he would be able to attend. The event was invitation only. “Dude,” Ned said with awe. “We got invited to the science event of the year!” “I know!” Peter whispered back, practically vibrating in his seat. This was a huge deal. He couldn’t wait to tell Tony about it. In fact, Peter was sure that Tony would be there. Maybe even Doctor Banner. “Each of you take a permission slip and bring it back signed by Friday,” Mr. Harrington handed a stack of slips to Flash who took one and then handed the stack to the next person. When everyone has a slip, they break for the day and everyone hurries out of the library and towards the school exit. Peter was discussing the news with Ned when suddenly a tingle runs down his spine and he is shoulder checked, slamming into the row of lockers. His shoulder smarts as he collides with the lockers and turns to look at Flash. “What the hell, Flash?” Peter huffs. “Just warning you what will happen, Penis Parker, if you embarrass us on the trip,” Flash sneers. Peter rolls his eyes and straightens. “Go away, Flash.” “Oooo feeling feisty are you, Penis?” Flash smirks. “Don’t know why when everyone knows what a loser you are.” “Stop it Flash,” Ned sighs. “You’re just bitter that you're still an alternate.” “Shut up, tubs,” Flash glares. “Everyone knows Peter should be the alternate since he misses so many practices. You’re an embarrassment to the team and should even be allowed to come.” “Shut up, Flash,” Peter snaps, anger swirling through him. “Leave us alone.” “Whatever, Penis,” Flash huffs. “I’m going to remind Mr. Harrington of all the practices you missed and make sure you aren’t allowed to come.” He smirks at Peter before strutting away. “Are you okay?” Peter asks, looking to Ned. “Fine,” Ned nods. “Don’t listen to him. He’s such a dick.” Peter nods and throws an arm around Ned’s shoulders. “So, are you going to wear a hat?” “I think so,” Ned said thoughtfully as they started walking towards the exit once more. “I’ll need all the confidence I can get.”  “Thank you, Peter,” Mr. Harrington said, taking the signed slip of paper at the end of the next Decathlon meeting. “Before you go, I wanted to talk to you.” Peter pauses mid-turn. He adjusts his stances, catching Ned’s eye and gesturing for him to go on without him. “Yes?” Peter asks. “The Science and Technology Convention is a huge deal. One that this school has only ever been invited to twice before,” Mr. Harrington said. “Wow,” Peter blinked. He had no idea that this was the third time the school had been invited and wondered just how much the Decathlon team had impressed those who organized the event. “This is a very important night, Peter and I need everyone to be on their best behavior and being the best representatives of the school,” Mr. Harrington said firmly. “Of course,” Peter nodded. “You have a... habit of disappearing Peter and I don’t want that happening on the night,” Mr. Harrington said, giving Peter a stern look. “These people you’ll be meeting could shape your future. You want to make a good impression.” Peter brows furrowed together. Peter was pretty sure that his future was all set if Tony got his way. His mentor had already put in a good word for Peter at MIT (much to his embarrassment) and had casually dropped that Peter would have a job at SI when he graduated. (Tony had also said something about inheriting the company but Peter was sure he had misheard the man. No way would Tony Stark give Peter his company. Right?) “I would hate for you to lose an opportunity like this Peter,” Mr. Harrington continued. “And I would hate to see you banned from future trips.” Peter nodded, his mouth filling with something sour at the threat. “Good. I’m glad you understand,” Me. Harrington smiled and patted Peter on the back. “Now, off you go. See you tomorrow.” Peter said goodbye and quickly left the room, his shoulder hunching over. He didn’t think it was fair that he got a warning and no one else 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Stark Industries
INTERSHIP
Petre Parker is an intern
Nobody believes Peter
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Protective Ned Leeds
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Fluff
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Science Bros
Peter Parker Has a Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

