Chapter 1: never think twice
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

His nights were plagued by literal nightmares, whenever he closed his eyes to sleep chances were that Voldemort was going to send him some kind of vision. Mostly of his past, seeing flashes of his parents on battles, or Death Eater training. When there were no visions there were memories, Cedric was always a favourite protagonist for those, but also the life at the Dursley’s, the feeling of inadequacy loneliness corrupting even his few good memories. Never a dull moment in Harry’s life, and now not even a peaceful sleep. 


So going to bed that night he wasn’t expecting much, he was tired enough as he spent the day working for his Aunt. This summer he didn’t even care about the abuse, the work kept him awake and occupied during the day and too tired to think at night. Sleep came easily, even if he didn’t want to, aware of what was to come.


At first, it began like every other dream, for a few moments he was just flying around the Quidditch field, he expected to fall to his death in a mockery of the game that was spoiled by the Dementors, but then he was standing in a living room. Whoever lived there had good taste and had the money to spend on it, this was the type of house Aunt Petunia dreams about. The space was open, clear and clean, in the middle of it there was a very expensive looking piano, old withered flowers sitting on top of it, Harry stared at the boy playing for a second before he sat on the maroon leather couch before the windows and tried not to disturb the other. 


The boy didn’t look much older than Harry, he had deep brown hair, a complete opposite of Harry’s own disarray of messy curls, the boy’s hair was styled back fully combed, he was even wearing a suit, all black, the jacket was thrown on top of the piano full of wrinkles. From afar he couldn’t be sure but it looked like the boy may have been crying, face reddened and slightly puffy. Harry wasn’t one to judge anyway, he knew better than most that sometimes the feelings came out one way or another. The song was hauntingly beautiful, he was very skilled, his fingers flying over the keys with precision. Harry thought he had never seen such beauty. He sat on the couch all night, the boy played all night, piece after another, all of them perfect if a little gloomy. 


When it was time to wake up Harry was almost sad.


It was by far the best night of sleep he had that summer, if not ever, not even Dudley could spoil it, he also couldn’t stop thinking about the boy and who or even why he dreamed about him. He thought he would recognize his face, Hermione told him once that every face on dreams belongs to someone you’ve seen while awake, but Harry was certain he wouldn’t have forgotten who the boy was.


A headache-free day was good, but as his life dictates it didn’t last, a couple of days later he was attacked by dementors forcing him to use magic in front of muggles, or as it was a muggle, his cousin… who already knew about magic anyway. And as if his life wasn’t bad enough, he was also about to be expelled from Hogwarts for his improper use of magic. A day after the attack he was ready to have a nightmare about green lights and cold monsters. So he was very surprised when he noticed he was in some well-lit muggle laboratory, he was expecting Voldemort to appear from somewhere with some doctor talking about experiments and torture methods. It would be very much on theme with the man.


He was even more surprised when the boy from before came in, he was even more breathtaking from this close, there was something different and new about how Harry’s body and mind reacted to the boy, and Harry was not ready nor had the time for this type of questioning. The boy was surprised by his presence, he did a double-take to check if Harry was really there before smirking. “And who are you supposed to be?” 


Harry could be more insulted, as it was a dream he only shrugged, besides it was nice not to be recognized. For once, inside his dreams at least, he could be anyone, this boy wasn’t an actual person, was just created by his own mind and apparently, his mind was giving him a rest. “I’m Harry Potter, and who are you?”


The boy smiled and sat on a bench. “Tony Stark.” Harry would need to look the name up, just in case, this is some kind of magical thing that nobody thought of explaining to him as usual. 


“Pleasure.” Harry sat on a sofa behind the work table as Tony started scribbling on something on top of the table. “So… you work here?” He asked finally when it was clear that the other wasn’t going to say anything, as he was already concentrating on whatever it was he did on this workshop.


“Sometimes, I have several labs, this one is for my personal use.”


“You often dream about your work?”


“Honestly, yes.” Tony looked back from the table where he was pulling a bunch of papers to work on, to throw Harry a smile. “My m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmates
Not Beta Read
Rating May Change
How Do I Tag
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Wizarding Laws (Harry Potter)
I'll tag as I go
Dumbledore is like a parent
(he makes mistakes but means well)
Sirius Black Lives
Mentor Severus Snape
(he didn't agree to it)
Fluff

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

