Chapter 1: Origin Story... ish
    




Chapter Text
S.H.I.E.L.D recruited you right out of high school and you slipped into the academy like a second skin. They brought you in because your hacking skills - while rarely encouraged or legal - were more honed at 15 than most of their seniors agents', and while your hacking improved you also proved yourself more than competent at espionage and sharp shooting.
Natasha was always in your peripherals at the academy - she was hard not to notice. She mentored some of your more advanced classes and knowing what you knew about her– what the world knew about her after the records dump - it was impossible not to be curious.
But honestly, you probably gave her less thought than most. You rarely, if ever, needed to be corrected in your courses so your interaction with her at the academy was minimal. And unlike a lot of your peers, you had a very chaotic personal life and a much stronger penchant to party or – - hack into NASA for fun– - than obsess over your higher-ups.
Between school, your big, loud close knit family, and your boyfriend Ryan, who you met your first week at the academy, you were busy –- and happy.
It wasn’t until you were pulled out of a Military Strategy class and instructed to report to none other than Phil Coulson himself your third year at the academy that Natasha became more to you than a passing curiosity. It felt like a long walk to the principal’s office on your way to the Tri-Skeleton. The whole way you just kept trying to think what the hell you possibly could have done wrong.
And many, many things came to mind.
It was even more perturbing when his door-keeper let you into his personal office and the only other person there was Natasha Romanoff.


Oh God. They know about NASA. 


Despite how well you’d been doing in your espionage courses, you faltered hard seeing her sitting there relaxed in one of the leather armchairs facing Director Coulson’s desk. “Um.. hey, hi!” you squeaked out like a 12 year-old with a crush. It was the first time you can remember honestly being flustered since Adam Tam asked you out in 9th grade, and you’d handled it better then.
She just raised one perfectly sculpted eyebrow at you, smirked, and tilted her head towards the other chair. Your cheeks were redder than her hair as you took a seat. Where the fuck was Phil.
The silence was stiflingly awkward for you, but you could have sworn she was enjoying your turmoil.
After several long minutes though, she took pity. “I know you,” she stated so casually like your heart wasn’t pounding out of your body. “I did a couple days of training in your sharp-shooting class last semester. You’re good.”
Ok- a compliment from the Black Widow- that you can deal with.
You cleared your throat which had somehow gone so dry, “Yeah, you were also a mentor in one of my undercover strategy classes my first year,” you added, nervously tucking some hair behind my ear. “Huh,” she replied. “I don’t remember that.”
You laughed a little louder and more hysterically than you meant to, “Well, I guess I was that good.”
Her smile looked a little more genuine and she was about to reply when the back door to the office opened and Coulson walked in.
Natasha immediately straightened, all signs of leisure erased from her posture.
“Agent Romanoff, Recruit (y/l/n), thank you for coming.” His smile is less than reassuring.
It was rare - almost unheard of - for a student to be sent on an active duty mission, but this was classified as low risk and the most important component was someone who could hack - fast.
And it is a simple mission - drop into northwest Russia 13:00. Hike to old HYDRA base- reach location by 17:00. Copy files off Saved by the Bell looking computer to an (actual) floppy disk - which with all of your years of computer hacking it’s the first time you’ve ever held one. You giggle a little about how much more data could fit on something smaller than one of your eyelashes.
But you do your job - in an out - no complications.
There’s a safe house about 10 miles to your east- just a tiny cabin in the Russian tundra but it has secure wifi where you can upload your stolen files to SHIELD. It also has a fireplace which you more than welcome after the long, freezing trek.
You’ve been trying to act cool the whole time. You are (y/n y/l/n) agent of SHIELD, bad ass spy, defender of — you know that’s always been less than clear. Democracy, maybe? But you’re a good guy - for sure. You’re on a mission with a literal superhero. You can handle the cold.
You cannot handle the cold. Last New Years Eve, Ryan had to carry you home in tears because you swore you were gonna lose your toes from frost bite. You could feel them dying inside your shoes. It was 42 degrees and your shoes were too small but you were chilly and drunk and you get dramatic when you’re cold.
But needless to say, a 10 mile hike through the Russian Tundra did not suit you. When you finally (FINALLY) got the to small one room cabin, Natasha got a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha/ Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
natasha Romanoff/reader
Black Widow/You
Supercorp - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Dark
Dark MCU
Dark Natasha Romanov
Dystopia
Minor Character Death
Stockholm Syndrome
Unhealthy Relationships
Possessive Behavior
Obsessive Behavior
Dubious Consent
Sharing a Bed
Bisexual Female Character
Ownership
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Yandere
Manipulative Relationship
Mental Health Issues

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha/ Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
natasha Romanoff/reader
Black Widow/You
Supercorp - Relationship

