Work Text:
Steve was sitting on his bed in his undershirt, boots kicked off, sketching idly and trying to figure out which Hydra site they should hit first.  Colonel Phillips had his ideas, but it was Steve's team.  It was Steve's decision, and this time he wasn't the only one who was going to be affected by it.  He needed to consider all the options carefully--his team was going with him, and he had to keep them safe.He had to keep Bucky safe.  Especially after what he'd gone through when Schmidt had him.  Not that he'd told Steve much, but they'd been friends nearly all their lives--Steve could tell it was bad.  Even if he hadn't seen the bruises and the burns on Bucky's chest and back, he'd have known from the despair in Bucky's eyes before he'd recognized Steve, or from the nightmares Bucky had tried to hide from him during the march back to the base in Italy.  He was glad Bucky had joined the team, but a part of him wished he could keep his friend safe somewhere--he finally understood what Bucky must have been feeling all the times he'd tried to enlist.There was a knock at the door.  "Yeah, come in," he said, wondering what whoever it was needed now.  He reminded himself that he'd asked for this, that he wanted it--being bothered at all hours of the day and night to approve plans or check out something Stark was working on or fill out reams of paperwork went with the territory."Nice digs.  I guess rank has its privileges, huh?"  said a familiar voice.Steve looked up and grinned.  "Hi, Bucky," he said.  Bucky looked good--Bucky always looked good to Steve, but he was relieved to see there were no more dark circles under Bucky's eyes, and he held himself more loosely, like he was no longer quite as tightly wound as he had been.  It looked like he'd gotten a couple good nights' sleep.  "I'm glad to see you," he said.  "I'm thinking we should head for the base in Greece first; it'll be the easiest to hit.  What do you think?""That's where Schmidt will expect us to go," Bucky pointed out, sitting down on the bed next to Steve.  There was less room than there used to be when they'd do this back in Brooklyn, even though the bed was a little bigger--not that Steve minded.  Bucky didn't seem to mind, either; he got right next to Steve, their thighs and shoulders touching, same as always.  "He'll be waiting for us."Steve shrugged.  The movement of his shoulders rocked Bucky back towards the wall; that used to happen to him, but now everything was backwards.  "He'll be waiting for us no matter where we go first," he said.  "Might as well use whatever advantage we have.""So what's the plan, Captain?" Bucky asked, grinning at him.  "By land or by sea?  Or were you just going to fly in like Superman?""I can't fly," Steve said, frowning.   "I'm just a little stronger than I used to be, that's all.""Could have fooled me, that jump you made," Bucky responded, punching his shoulder.  Steve stayed where he was, not moving an inch; it was so strange.  Being with Bucky made him aware of his new body in a way he hadn't been since the first few days after it happened.  "That was fucking amazing, Steve.  I was so scared you weren't gonna make it, but then you just backed up and made like you were skipping over a crack in the sidewalk.""I wouldn't have made it if you hadn't grabbed my hand," Steve pointed out.  "I'm not Superman, Bucky.  I'm still me."  It was important to him that Bucky knew that."I know you're still you, Rogers," Bucky said.  "You're just…" he trailed off, studying Steve closely."Just what?" Steve asked, flushing.It was Bucky's turn to shrug.  "Just more, I guess," he said after a moment.  "More you, which doesn't make any fucking sense--forget I said anything, okay?""Okay," Steve answered, pleased.  It reminded him of what Dr. Erskine had said.  "So, the base in Greece, I was thinking we'd land here," he said, pointing to a spot on the map he'd drawn in his notebook.  Bucky bent to see, the top of his head brushing against Steve's chin.  They spent the next half hour going over plans, and the half hour after that reminiscing.   Bucky took his jacket and boots off and relaxed next to him, and it was almost like they were back in their apartment in Brooklyn.  It was all great until Bucky brought up what had happened that morning."I hear Agent Carter shot at you this morning," he said, grinning slyly at Steve like it was some sort of joke.  Which maybe it was, to Bucky; most things were.  "She must really like you.""She shot me, Bucky--I don't think she likes me," Steve said.  "How'd you even hear about it, anyway?""Oh, everyone knows, Stevie," Bucky said, grinning even wider.  "This place has more gossips than our apartment building did.""Terrific," Steve said, looking down.  "That's just terrific.""Wow," Bucky said slowly."What?" Steve said, annoyed."You really like her, don't you?" Bucky asked.  "I mean, I could tell you liked her some, last night, but I didn't realize….""Of course I like her," Steve retorte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
First Time

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

