Chapter 1





Chapter Text
This is my first attempt at writing, I hope that this is something you people would want read along, if not the back button is present. Constructive reviews and advice are welcome but if you are using a guest account to call my fic shit, then you should do better things by not reading this. Have fun reading this and review--Stark tower was a technological Marvel. It was the brainchild of the multibillionaire Tony Stark and his secretary cum assistant cum girlfriend Pepper Potts. It had the best of the planet’s technologies available on it and was one of the most high-tech places on Earth besides Oscorp Industries, Baxter Building, and Doctor Doom’s fortress in Latveria.The throng of people came and went through the streets in front of it since despite being a company’s headquarter the Stark Tower was also a great tourist destination for many students, interns and the technological advancements displayed were a source of wonder for the rest of the citizens. Located in Midtown, Manhattan the tower was always in Media coverage regarding one thing or the other.And currently, it was showing the face of the National Hero, the legend of the Allied Powers, the Captain America on the giant holographic billboard installed on it. The whole city went silent as Captain America’s helmeted visage was broadcasted across all the billboards. From Queens to Midtown, every person watched with stilled breath as the Living Legend started speaking.“Good Morning Manhattan. I am Steve Rogers and I urge you to evacuate the area surrounding the Stark Tower immediately. Midtown is about to become a battle zone between a specialized team defending our planet from a hostile invading force from space.”As some in the crowd started moving away immediately, some still stood shocked. If it had been Tony Stark aka Iron Man proclaiming this then maybe they would think of this as a jest, but from the figure of Captain America himself, the news that they were about to be attacked by aliens seemed to hit the populace with all the force of a MOAB. “I repeat! This is neither a drill by the Armed forces nor a joke. Manhattan is about to be attacked by an alien force known as the Chitauri. Evacuate the area ASAP and if possible the city itself. You don’t want to be present there when the fight starts.”With that, the message ended and seemed to echo around the roads for a few moments. Standing still for a few seconds, it seemed like everyone was waiting for a Xenomorph to come out of the manholes and start a massacre. And then a red and blue-clad person came swinging through the buildings. His whole form covered from head to toe, Spider-Man landed on a street light directly in from of the Stark Tower’s entrance the white lenses staring out at the public. In the background, the ranting of JJJ could be heard, no doubt saying that this was Spider-Man’s fault but he was not given even a single glance as the citizens of New York stared towards the masked vigilante.“You have about three to five minutes before the Chitauri attack and that is hopefully before this road is turned into a ditch and fire filled trench. Get out of this area as fast as possible; this is a completely unknown situation to us.” The public saw the seriousness now, even Spider-Man was not joking now and he was seen joking even when the Rhino had slammed him brutally through the concrete of Oscorp Tower, and that was after he was shot in his leg by the guns mounted on Aleksei’s armor.Within seconds a stampede commenced as everyone rushed to save them. There was no order; no sympathy for the people in the path. Spiderman started swinging around; webbing people and lifting them before they could get trampled. And then with a blast of repulsors, Tony Stark arrived at his tower.Knowing that Spider-Man could handle the people, Tony entered his tower. His battered suit was taken apart and stored inside by the automatic robots ran by his many programs throughout the tower. As he moved inside, Tony caught the gaze of their current problem. The Green Robed, tall and imposing figure of Loki, the God of Lies and Mischief. When Fury had called him in, Tony had believed that Loki was an impersonator; after all, Gods weren’t real. And then, he and Captain America had caught him easily, just a blast of his repulsors, and the God was done. That had reinforced their belief that this was just a metahuman or a mutant who was powerful and hungry for more with a flair for dramatics greater than his own.But then, Thor had come down on their plane as if a strike from heavens themselves. The Norse God of Lightning and Thunder had freed his brother and they had followed only to discover that Thor himself was confronting Loki. They had a brief fight and Loki was transported to SHIELD’s helicarrier imprisoned within a prison created to be strong enough to contain the Hulk and Abomination. As Tony finally entered the lobby he saw Loki sitting on his sofa as if he owned the whole world.Shu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jean Grey/Harry Potter
Wanda Maximoff/Harry Potter
Carol Danvers/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Blood and Gore
Adult Content
Magically Powerful Harry Potter
godlike HP
Brotherhood of Mutants (X-Men)
spiderman - Freeform
Powerful villains

fandom: 
Jean Grey/Harry Potter
Wanda Maximoff/Harry Potter
Carol Danvers/Harry Potter

