Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Free-falling through the void between the Multiverse was like a bad acid trip. Not that Hadriana had ever been on acid but being possessed by Voldemort her fifth year was kind of similar. She tumbled through darkness interspersed with flashing, multi-coloured lights that made her feel oddly nauseous.
When will this bloody well end?! She thought as she passed a misty looking purple supernova. She wanted to reach out and touch the stars surrounding her, but Death had warned her not to. Apparently stars were super duper cold or something. She wasn’t an astronaut. Or scientist. Whatever; she didn’t want to freeze solid.  
Down, down, down she tumbled as her thoughts whirled about her head. She felt deeply sad and betrayed, but hopeful; finding out that people you adored, you loved and trusted, had betrayed you was like a kick to the gut. And kicking someone when they were down was just rude. Nevertheless, Death had given Hadriana a choice: go back in time in her world, the Earth she had been born on, and save it, or be tossed through the Multiverse and see where she ended up. She chose the latter, uncaring if Death thought her selfish.
Hadriana was tired. All her life she had fought against evil, having her life meticulously planned out (not that she had been aware of that happening), and now she just wanted to grow up with loving parents and maybe siblings. Was that too much to ask? No, she didn’t think so.
Hadriana yelped as the tumbling abruptly began to slow. A bright, white light was forming below her, and she braced herself for impact. But it wasn’t hard earth she slammed into, no, it was a pair of gloved hands.

Wait, what? Huh, who’s screaming? Oh, shit, that’s me. Why am I screaming? Oh, my gods. Am I a baby?! 

Yes. Yes, she was a baby. A writhing, screeching bundle being held up proudly for a dishevelled woman and grey-haired man to peer at.
“You have a healthy baby girl, Mr and Mrs Stark.” The person holding her said, a doctor presumably. She was swiftly placed on the woman – Mrs Stark's – chest.
Mrs Stark was teary eyed and practically glowing as she beamed down at Hadriana. Hadriana was freaking out, and only cried harder in shock – everything was so big when you were a literal newborn baby. And she had a mum. And a dad. And they were ogling her with teary, dark eyes.  
Mr Stark peered at her, a sheen of tears in his eyes, “Oh, Maria, she’s perfect,” he said, gently touching her mucousy head.
“Isn’t she, Howard?” her new mother, Maria, said softly, tiredly.
Hadriana was swooped away by efficient but gentle nurses who cleaned her up and swaddled her tightly. She didn’t like the feel of a nappy at all and the prospect of pissing and shitting herself even less, but hunger began gnawing at her belly, and she was sufficiently distracted when a nipple was put in her mouth.
And wasn’t that just the dandiest thing? Being a baby and breast fed while aware. It was horrible, really, suckling away almost desperately when your mind screamed this is so fucking weird oh, my God. But the hunger was intense. So was the light, and sounds. Everything was intense, especially the desperate need to always be with her mother.
Time was...weird – nebulous – when one was a baby. One moment, Hadriana was suckling furiously at her mother’s nipple, her slow baby brain trying to comprehend the fact that she was a baby and the next she was blinking her eyes open in the backseat of an old-school car in a baby seat with a pre-teen boy staring at her.
“Hey, little sister,” he said quietly, gently shifting to play with her tiny baby fingers, “I’m Tony, your big brother,”
I have a big brother, Hadriana thought wildly, amazed and grateful. She had always, always wanted siblings. Once, she had dreamed Dudley would be like a brother to her. But Petunia and Vernon had put a swift stop to that budding relationship. Now, Tony, her brother, smiled at her warmly.
“Is she okay, Anthony?” Maria asked from the front seat, and Hadriana jolted a bit.
“Yeah, mom,” Tony – Anthony? – said gently, flashing a smile at their mother, presumably, “Have you guys thought of a name for her yet?”
“No,” said her father, sounding exasperated, “None I’ve suggested your mother likes,”
Tony looked pensive, still absently running a thumb over the back of her tiny hand. Hadriana felt sleepy, and hungry, and her nappy was suspiciously damp. She didn’t want to think about it, truthfully.
“What about Hadriana?” Maria said, “It’s where my Nonna is from, Adria in Italy, and it’s what the name means,”
Howard heaved a sigh, “Thank the Lord you didn’t suggest we name her after your grandmother.” Hadriana heard a smacking sound and wondered if Maria had just smacked her dad; probably. He yelped and continued, “Maria, her name was Bruna – it literally means ‘brown,”
Maria sighed, “I know. Our daughters name will be Hadriana Amira Stark, for your Mother, Howard,”
Hadriana peered sleepily up at Tony, who looked amused, “Our parents are crazy, piccol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
Loki/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Loki/Bucky Barnes
Harry Potter & Hope Van Dyne

freeform: 
Female Harry Potter
tony stark is hadriana's brother
rhodey is hadriana's brother
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
hadriana hates shield
she's suspicious of shady government spy organisations
BAMF Harry Potter
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
tony stark is the world's best big bro
Bisexual Harry Potter
Bisexual Tony Stark
Harry Potter Has Issues
basically everyone is gay as fuck
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Homophobia
Period-Typical Homophobia
Period-Typical Sexism
Mental Health Issues
Panic Attacks
Anxiety
Depression
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Loki Needs a Hug (Marvel)
hadriana and james team up to destroy hydra
hydra is revealed a lot sooner
Angst and Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
Loki/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Loki/Bucky Barnes
Harry Potter & Hope Van Dyne

