Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“...Imagine that you yourself are building the edifice of human destiny with the object of making people happy in the finale, of giving them peace and rest at last, but for that you must inevitably and unavoidably torture just one tiny creature, that same child who was beating her chest with her little fist, and raise your edifice on the foundation of her unrequited tears--would you agree to be the architect on such conditions?”― Dostoyevsky
 
***
  The flight was exhilarating.More free-fall than flight, more of a challenge than either, the fireworks exploding all around him. The main dome of Stark Expo glittered like spilled mercury below him, growing closer with every second.He kept an eye on the HUD display, Jarvis playing the intro film, his own face greeting the crowds below. Finally, after six months of opinion polls, strategic leaks, and a careful whisper campaign, after hours and hours of negotiating and renegotiating with the military and governments around the world, after sleepless nights and paranoia-fuelled upgrades and looking over his shoulder, after Rhodey —Finally, almost two years after Afghanistan, he had every player exactly where he needed them to be. It was time for the big reveal.He landed with a heavy thud, the iconic knee-landing, the beginning, the opening act for the biggest show he had ever put on. He rose and flipped his faceplate open, beaming at the thousands — tens of thousands — watching him. His arms wide open, the mechanical arms whirling smoothly around him, another wonder for them to see.And. They. Went. Mad.The screams were deafening, rising above the music, bouncing around the dome, wild and excited and yes. Good. He could work with that, he could take their excitement and trust and forge it into a throne, a crown, a weapon. A fine blade to open the oyster of the world.“Thank you! Ah, it’s good to be back!” he called, almost laughing at the irony.He waited until they screamed themselves hoarse and only then started his pitch.“Well, aren’t you excited! And here I thought I’d managed to surprise you!” A brief pause for them to laugh and scream and then he pushed forward, gesturing at the armour, now standing empty and still in the robots’ station.“This marvel of technology is a new chapter in humanity’s progress. It’s a highly personalized suit of armour that offers ease of movement and protection from just about anything, including artillery missiles. It can take extreme cold and extreme heat, up to 1200 C. Think flowing lava,” a pause to let people laugh and then he continued, a touch more serious. “Think rescuing people from the sites of volcanic eruption with no danger to the response teams. Think walking into forest fires and not dying.”This time the pause was longer, his face solemn as he looked over the amassed people.“Think about flying in and fishing people out of mudslides, or from under meters and meters of snow. Think about rescuing people from floods, or tornadoes, or the sites of car accidents with no fear that a damaged engine will explode and kill you. Think about putting it on and breaking out of captivity, walking out of the cave you’ve spent the three longest months of your life in.”Another pause, and yes. He had them, he fucking had them, with a well-rehearsed sob story and a cheap grab at empathy, he had them in a way he never had before, not even with all the Avengers at his side. Here, now, he had them.Time to go in for the kill.“Think about the future,” he said softly, leaning forward slightly, like he was sharing a secret with a room of strangers, a fucking arena of them, the whole world watching, straining to catch his every word. “Think about your children and what kind of world you want to leave for them, what kind of legacy. We’ve worked hard to make the world a safer place, now it’s time to make it a better place.”Here he relaxed, let them go a little, let a little humour flash back into his face.“That’s what this Expo is all about. That’s why I invited the best and the most creative scientific minds to take part and collaborate. That’s why there’s a special branch of Stark Industries dedicated to the new grant program for talented children and young adults. That’s why I built the Iron Man suit, to make this world a bit better. And to fly, because let’s be honest, that’s just awesome,” and yep, brief, bright laughs from the audience.He spread his hands wide, smiling his best showman’s smile.“The future starts here, today, and it’s up to us to shape what it’s going to look like. I want it to be awesome, I want it to be bright and safe and wide open to new possibilities, and I’m working hard every day to make that happen. I now invite you all to work with me, to help me make the future we can all be proud of!”A cheer rose.“Welcome to the Stark Expo!”He had them.Hopefully, they’d follow where he led. *** His audience at the VIP party afterwards required a slightly different approach, a subtler touch. There were those
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
I'm not saying how it will end

freeform: 
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Swearing
Politics
Realism
hopefully
Civil War Team Iron Man
Moral Dilemmas
Fix-It of Sorts
Time Travel Fix-It
Villain Tony Stark
of sorts
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
I'm not saying how it will end

