Chapter 1: Tony: Just another Day
    


Notes:
Additional Information:I write character studies. Plot will always come second to character development and introspection. That means that I will keep indulging myself in writing scenes from different POVs to learn how everyone was feeling and what everyone was thinking in those moments because that is what fascinates me while writing. It’s literally the reason why I write. Psychoanalysis is my kink (in a nonsexual way, just to be clear here).If you prefer a fast moving plot, don’t like Slow Burn and internal monologues and analyzing situations to death, you might get frustrated with this fic. I’m happy if you try it, but be warned. We’re delving into the characters minds, see situations from different POVs and will keep doing that! To everyone who loves that as much as I do: welcome to the nut house my friend. It’s going to get crazy :D

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony didn’t have a problem with his second gender being a submissive.And why should he? The laws in the last twenty years had changed to a point they were almost viewed as equal to Dominants. Almost human, really. Not fully, of course. Who in their right mind would give subs equal rights? And hello, wasn’t it nice to have his father’s voice back in his head. How happy he was that that acidic, alcoholic, bullshit spewing asshole was still living rent free in his head, after all these years.Back to his pep talk. Submissives had rights by now. They stayed their own person when entering a contract or accepting a collar. And most often they weren’t even sold like cattle anymore. What was there to be resentful about?Hell, there had actually been cases in court where the submissive had won, proving that there in fact could be unwanted violence against people in relationships. Who could have known? Like, in one case the court had found the Dominant guilty of not reacting to the submissive’s safe word. Like they were actually a person with needs and limits that should be respected.Of course, now there were movements declaring submissives were becoming weak, as more and more cases of violence against them became public. It couldn’t possibly be that the cases had always been there and just no one (dominants) had cared for it, right? Nope. It was the subs becoming weak and entitled when they started to have the right to say no.But Tony didn’t have any problem with his second gender. None at all.He had had to work twice as hard to be seen as anything more than the token submissive when he went to college, of course (but he showed all those entitled asshole-Dominants that he might be younger and a submissive, but he was so much more brilliant than them, it wasn’t even funny. Not even to him, having to work with them).And the board of Stark Industries didn’t want him as the CEO. Because no submissive would ever be able to do that, job, right? Sitting on their fat asses not doing anything. How could he ever do that as a submissive? Absolutely unthinkable!But no worries, Howard, his A+ parent, not being a dick-headed Dominant at all, made sure that his disgrace of a son would never be able to take his rightful place, writing it in his will, that it would go to Obadiah Stane. It was karmic vengeance that it would come out, years later, that it had been Obi who had hired the assassin to kill the Starks. Only sparing his golden goose to milk Tony for everything he could.For that, he not only killed his parents (okay, that might have not been the worst to be honest, being rid of Howard had been a small blessing and his mother, a severely abused and broken sub, hadn’t been able to protect herself let alone her son), but also introduced him to Ty. And not only had he set him up with one of the worst sadists he could find, but he also messed with Tony’s meds, making him more amiable in the beginning and then pump him full of pain meds so that he could work despite what Ty would do to him. Making him a drug addict again, after he had just gotten clean.Thank god for Pepper and Rhodey, who, when they realized something was up – mostly because Tony wouldn’t meet them anymore, because he wasn’t allowed to, because he was too hurt to move, too out of it to even realize what was happening and broken in ways he didn’t think he could break after surviving his childhood – did everything to get him back. 

And they did get him back. After almost a year of being Ty’s slave, it took them two weeks until they were able to get someone to listen to them, to make someone investigate. And when they didn’t react fast enough, they had broken in and rescued Tony themselves. Another nine months of a brutal court fight that went from bad to worse to hell and back again, just to start over again, when it came out that the weapons Tony was designing were sold to terrorists. When it came out that Obi, his fucking godfather, had planned everything. When it came out that he had killed his pa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
DS AU
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Mentioning of Abuse
Abuse
from Ty and Obi
Our boys are fine
Aftermath of Violence
Recovery
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Healing
getting better
Getting Together
Established Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
but they will fall fast and hard for our boy Tony
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Avengers
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Protective Pepper Potts
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bad BDSM Etiquette
not from our boys
Sub Tony Stark
Dom/sub
Dom Bucky Barnes
Dom Steve Rogers
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Humor
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Swearing
Obadaiah is the worst
Ty is not that much better
Happy Ending
but before that: suffering
Dark elements
please be careful while reading this
Panic Attacks
Good BDSM Etiquette
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Kneeling
Protective Clint Barton
healing process
no magical healing through finding a partner
Learning to life with the aftermath
having help to deal with it
please read the notes for specific warnings for chapters
Slow Burn
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

