Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Darcy took one last look around the lab that had become her home. All of Jane’s temperamental science equipment had been moved and was waiting for them at Stark- Avengers?- whoever’s- tower. The scraps of paper that usually littered every available bench space were gone. The spare pair of shoes Darcy kept under her makeshift desk (it was really just a stool and a corner piece of bench that Darcy had claimed as her own) were packed away. The only signs that Darcy and Jane had ever been in the small New Mexico lab was the stain on the carpet, near the entrance. It was the only patch of carpet in the entire lab, and Darcy had managed to spill bright red kool aid on it on her very first day.She smiled at the vibrant stain. No amount of scrubbing or soaking or begging could remove it. Now it served as one final reminder of all the memories Darcy and Jane had made here.“Ready to go?” her genius best friend asked, carrying the last of her bags under one arm.“Sure am, Janey,” Darcy replied, coming over to bump shoulders with Jane.“I’m gonna miss this place. The heat was a bit much, but it was nice while it lasted, right?”“Yeah, it was nice. I gotta say, I am so looking forward to free air conditioning though.”“You and me both,” Jane huffed. She followed Darcy out the door and locked the lab behind them for the last time.“I still can’t believe we’re now employees of Stark Industries. I’m finally getting paid!” Darcy squealed, skipping over to the drivers side of their van. Tony Stark himself offered to send them a car, but Darcy politely refused. The drive was long enough as it is. The last thing she wanted was to spend the trip in awkward silence in front of some stuffy nosed chauffeur.“I’m really sorry I couldn’t give you any money earlier,” Jane frowned, climbing into the passenger seat.“Nonsense, Janey. Look at where we are now! I finally completed my degree, all your research has been funded courtesy of Stark Industries, and we’re moving to New York!” Darcy turned the key in the ignition, hitting the road and watching as the old lab slowly disappeared from sight.“We’re moving to New York,” Jane repeated, disbelief and excitement all over her face.“The big apple better watch out, because it has no idea what's about to hit it.” Darcy turned the radio up to blasting and shot a grin at her best friend.This was what they needed. A fresh start. New scenery. Somewhere for Jane to do her science and show the world all her research on soulbonds. The thought made Darcy scratch absently at the spot below her collarbone, where she knew black words lurked beneath her shirt.Jane was lucky enough to have found her soulmate already. She had spent her life researching soulmarks and bonds, trying to make sense of the one thing science couldn’t explain. Jane was convinced there had to be something in our DNA, something that made us perfectly compatible with one other person on the whole planet. Or, well, one other person in the whole Universe- because Realms were a thing now, thanks Thor.After meeting her alien space prince, Jane was only more motivated to understand the science behind soulmates. Thor taught her about the Asgardian beliefs for soulmarks- that the fates blessed you with the first words your soulmate would ever say to you through powerful magic, far beyond comprehension. Jane still thought there was a scientific explanation. Darcy thought the answer was somewhere in the middle.I mean come on, these days there were real life gods falling from the sky. Magical fates really weren't that far fetched. But at the same time, there had to be a scientific explanation as to why two people were so much more suited to each other than anyone else, right? Atleast, all of Jane's research into soulbonds and failed pairings certainly suggested there was. Darcy still hadn’t found her soulmate. Her words were a dark black, not gold like Jane’s. When she was younger, and still a hopeless romantic, all Darcy had ever wanted was to find her soulmate. Nowadays there were alien invasions and evil government organisations to deal with. She wasn’t sure how anyone could fit into her life anymore. It was too dangerous. She couldn’t put her soulmate at risk like that. Refused to.That, and as she grew older, she realised maybe meeting her soulmate wasn’t such a good idea after all. Her finger traced over the words on her skin.
‘I thought you were dead,’
As a kid, she thought maybe her soulmark was meant as a joke. She imagined countless scenarios of running into her soulmate, them being so excited to see her that they blurted out something crazy like that. But as she got older, and her life got more dangerous, it became harder and harder to imagine any scenarios where ‘I thought you were dead’ could be a good thing.It felt more like a curse than anything. A warning.Darcy shook her head. New beginnings. New place. New scenery for her and Jane. “Tho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
WinterShock - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Canon Compliant
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Protective Bucky Barnes
everyone lives in the tower
One Big Happy Family
Eventual Smut
Hot Tub Sex
Praise Kink
Multiple Orgasms
You get the idea
cute nicknames
author is jealous of the fictional relationship she created

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

