Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Morning Sheriff!”“Morning,” Steve said, tipping his hat. He walked along the station platform, trying not to look too antsy. Because his omega was coming today. Today. He wished he’d had a chance to get Anthony’s likeness so he knew who he was looking for. Brooklyn Junction wasn’t a big town by any means, but they were the nearest station for the surrounding areas, so the train could get a mite busy.He shot a look at the town clock, the big hand ticking past the hour. He couldn’t believe he was running late. “Oh, Sheriff, I’m glad to see you. I was wondering if-” Old Mrs Bonneville’s voice caught in his ear as he felt a spike of dread. No, no not now. He was late!“I am so sorry Mrs Bonneville. I can't stop, but if you head on over to the office one of the deputies will be overjoyed to offer you some assistance.” He hoped he didn’t sound too much like he was brushing her off, but the woman was as nosy as anything, and the last thing he wanted was her spreading the news around town. He was hoping to get Tony settled before they had to face that. Though the town clerk would no doubt be down at the saloon telling everyone as soon as the ink was dry. Everyone would want to hear that the Sheriff had gotten himself hitched to an omega.“Oh well, if you’re busy, I suppose I’ll speak to deputy Barnes.” She sounded a bit put out, probably because Steve was already starting to walk away backwards. “You have a nice day, Mrs Bonneville.” He tipped his hat to her, before he turned back towards the station, picking up the pace. He could see the smoke now, which meant the train had likely arrived on time. Of all the days for him not to be punctual. He cursed, deciding to ignore manners, and started to run. You didn’t get a second chance at a first impression after all. 
 


‘Omega, 25, well educated, good-humoured, hardworking, and of a sweet disposition, looking for a respectable alpha of good means. Object: matrimony.’

 “If anything goes wrong, California has divorce. I can leave.”“Only if he lets you,” Pepper told him, hand on her hip. Her voice was getting higher the longer the argument went on - a sure sign that she was seriously concerned. “What if he’s some awful tyrant and keeps you locked up?”“What am I supposed to do, Pepper? Stay here? I’m stifled here. I feel like I can’t breathe. My parents have chosen my life for me, and they're forcing me down the path bit by bit, no matter what I say. And even if I were to try and do something for myself, the rest of this city...," he sighed. "Everyone’s the same.”“I know. But isn’t it better to be safe here than out in some dusty, rundown old shack in the middle of nowhere?”“There’s no need to be rude.”“I’m not being rude! People travel there to settle it. That means there’s nothing there!” She crossed her arms, looking worried. “How do you know he’s telling the truth? He says he’s young and respectable, but he could be some drunken gambler, out fixing to trick some city omega into becoming his soiled dove.”“You’ve read far too many penny dreadfuls,” Tony told her, rolling his eyes.“And you haven’t?” she said challengingly. “Talking about searching for adventure and fighting bears and god knows what, instead of thinking about settling down with someone sensible?”“And if I stay, I’ll end up married to one of the Stones, or the Stanes or any of the other awful, vacuous families in this neighbourhood. The eldest Stane, he’s twice my age for lord's sake. And he’s been...giving me looks when we’re at dinners or at the dances in town. They make me feel...dirty.” Tony sighed.  “I don’t know. I don’t think they’ve decided on anyone yet, but my Dame’s been dropping hints. And every time she does I feel the noose tighten a little more around my neck.”  Tony stopped packing his carpet bag, fingers stilling on the waistcoat he was folding. “I really need your support on this.”Pepper sighed, walking around the bed to put her hand on his and wrapping her fingers around his. She took the silk waistcoat from him, shook it out and refolded it, her hand smoothing over the soft material before she tucked it into the bag. “You have it. You know you do. I just worry.”“I know.” He pulled her into an embrace, trying to hold off the tears that desperately wanted to escape. He’d made this decision. It was the right decision, he was sure of it, but it didn’t make it any easier. “I’ll miss you.”“Oh, I’ll miss you too.” She gave him another tight squeeze before she pulled away, dabbing her eyes with her handkerchief. “But come, I’ve taken up too much of your time, and you need to pack. Jarvis is taking you in the morning?”“Yes. My Sire’s gone to Washington on business, and my Dame went with him to visit a friend of hers. They’ll be gone a few days, so it’s now or never.”  “Does he know you’re coming?”“I’ve sent a letter, so he should know before I arrive. But any reply will come after I’m gone. Jarvis will intercept it so my parents don’t see, but I have to hope he’s happy
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Western
Mail Order Brides
Alpha/Omega
Alternate Universe
19th Century
Sheriff Steve Rogers
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Miscommunication
Falling In Love
Arranged Marriage
Loss of Virginity
Romance
Protectiveness
Pie
Historical
Angst
Insecure Tony
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

