Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Summary:

Tony stands, shocked in the empty classroom, schooling his scent and his breathing."Thank you Mr. Stark, sir."He collects his things in a haze, heading back to his pack and thinking about the gorgeous omega who just called his name. Damn. His Alpha and Omega are gonna want to hear about this.





Chapter Text

 Maybe it goes like this:  

 
Peter is looking forward to seeing his Pack after class, definitely needing to cuddle up with Annie in their nest tonight. And maybe Clint will bring home pizza. It’s been a long-ass day.
 
Okay,  definitely  pizza. 
 
From the front of the class, Peter can hear his professor introducing the guest lecturer, and he drags his backpack around to his seat to unlock his laptop and notebook. Just as he logs in and dates his notebook page, Peter looks up to see the most attractive man in New York walk through the door, smile to the class, and introduce himself. 
 
Tony. 
 
Tony Stark? 
 
No Way.  The Tony stark? 
 
Peter's ears ring, and he swears he sinks three feet into the floor. 
 
Mr. “just call me Tony” Stark is saying something about BioMolecular Engineering, about class credit, about new processes in the industry, about independent research opportunities, about the— wait. 
 
Peter jerks in his seat, mouth ajar, as  The  Tony Stark lists benefits of working in his research lab for Stark Industries, a dream Peter has nursed since high school. He barely hears the rest of the presentation, focusing on closing his mouth and blinking, keeping hot Arousal out of his scent, adjusting himself in his pants—
 
“—and I’ll take questions up front if you have them, thanks."
 
There’s a round of lazy applause, as students start to pack up and file out, and Peter shakes himself, You have to talk to him. He scribbles a few questions on his notebook and throws everything into his backpack, floating across the classroom and to the back of the line. 
 
When he finally steps up, both of them freeze. Peter restrains himself from scenting the older man right there in the classroom because hot damn .
 
Peter lets out a short gasp of “hellomynameisPeterParker,” thrusting his hand forward, and is pulled in for a firm handshake, Tony Stark looking into his eyes with a vaguely amused expression. 
 
Peter lets go, reluctantly, and stutters out, “M— mr. Stark? I think I’d be interested in the semester research opportunity.” 
 
“Of course, Peter Parker,” Tony turns and grabs a StarkPad, scrolling briefly before handing it over to Peter, “if you want to fill it out today, feel free. It’s an equal opportunity research grant, and provides a weekly stipend for the duration of the program.”
 
Mr. Stark continues with details, as Peter quickly puts his information in the application and presses “submit.” He peers up at the older man, Beta? Probably? Most of what he can scent is spice and fire— maybe cinnamon, or chai like Clint? It’s hard to tell without throwing his face into the man’s neck, and inhaling deep—
 
“Mr. Parker? Pete?”
 
Peter’s head shoots up, and he realizes he’s been still for too long without responding, and immediately goes to apologize, “Oh, I— i’m so sorry, Mr. Stark, I just… I finished the application? Shouldn’t I submit— or, sorry— send in a resume? Sorry.”
 
Mr. Stark keeps his expression schooled, but Peter can tell that he’s holding back a smile.  Dammit Parker, way to nail the first impression.  He shifts on his feet, biting his lip as Mr. Stark shakes his head slowly.
 
“No, it’s okay Peter. Our admin team will review the first round of applications by department, and send out an email link for further information, alright?” he gives into his smile, reaching out as if to... what,  comfort Peter? But aborts the motion and crosses his arms, flexing slightly under his navy suit. 
 
“Do you have any other questions, Peter?”
 
“No, n— no not right now, sorry, thank you Mr. Stark, sir. Um. Okay? I’ll see you later?” and Peter beats a hasty retreat out of the classroom, feeling his scent shift  Embarrassed and hot tears prick his eyes. 
 
Why does he always give a terrible first impression?
 
—
 
Tony stands, shocked in the empty classroom, schooling his scent and his breathing.
 

 Thank you Mr. Stark, sir. 

 
He collects his things in a haze, heading back to his pack and thinking about the gorgeous omega who just called his name. 
 
Damn. His Alpha and Omega are gonna want to hear about this.
 

2 Weeks Later

 
Tony is straightening up the last few items in the R&D lab, hearing Pepper’s complaints of  You need to care about your work space, Tony  and  You need to prepare a safe space for interns to work, Tony. And Pepper is right, of course, so Tony keeps cleaning.
 
He hears the doors swish open, and sighs, schooling his expression to neutral. He whirls around, raising his hands to defend himself against what he assumes is a new portion of nagging from Pepper, and instead—
 
The pretty omega from NYU. 
 
 What?  “What are you—” Tony starts, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/OFC
Peter Parker/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
James “Bucky” Barnes/Tony Stark/Steve Rogers/Clint Barton/Peter Parker/OFC

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Sub Peter Parker
Dom Tony Stark
Dom/sub
Non-Sexual Submission
Developing Relationship
Omega Peter Parker
Beta Tony Stark
Family Bonding
Polyamorous Pack
Collar Proposal
Marriage Proposal
Long-Term Relationship(s)
Daddy Kink
Precious Peter Parker
Everything is Beautiful and Nothing Hurts
Scenting
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Dom Steve Rogers
Beta Clint Barton
Omega OFC
Getting Together
Fluff
Misunderstandings
Soul Bond
Sub Bucky Barnes
Dom Clint Barton
Pack Dynamics
Panic Attacks
Nesting
Courting Rituals
Pack Meetings
Established Relationship
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rope Bondage
Sex Toys
Subspace
Implied Childhood Sexual Abuse
Vaginal Sex
Edgeplay
Femdom
Come Sharing
Original Female Character(s) - Freeform
Biting
Soulmates
Mpreg
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/OFC
Peter Parker/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
James “Bucky” Barnes/Tony Stark/Steve Rogers/Clint Barton/Peter Parker/OFC

