Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The day Bucky finds the black card is the day he slips the purple paper sleeve off his last strap of Hydra cash, fanning the stack of twenties out between his metal fingers. It’s enough to pay the rent on his glorified squat and keep him in food for two more months, but after that, he’s going to have to do something to get money, be it legal, illegal, or somewhere in between. He pulls five twenties off the top of the stack and then puts the rest back into the otherwise-empty safe that sits nestled under the corner of his bed.It’s May 2nd, 2016, and Bucky has been living in New York City for almost two years.After Insight Day had turned into a disaster and the Triskelion had fallen and the helicarriers had dropped in flaming pieces out of the sky and he had almost beat Captain America to death, he had wandered around DC for a while, living rough, sleeping in alleys and doorways. Two weeks of trying to survive, trying not to kill anyone, and trying to stay away from whatever remnants of Hydra might be out there looking for their lost Asset. He was a loose thread, now, just waiting to be raveled back onto the spool by the next person with a passing knowledge of the trigger words.No habits, no patterns, the Soldier had said, that’s the way you keep them off your trail. But the exhibit at the Smithsonian was a spinning reel and there was a barbed hook sunk into the meat of his jaw, a line between them drawing him inescapably in. He couldn’t help himself; he had gone, in those two weeks, again and again and again, each time in a different disguise, different clothes and a different hat. Twice, he went in the middle of the night, slipping in through a basement window and knowing, somehow, how to move so that the cameras couldn’t see him. This was how the Soldier took care of him, even if he’d figured out early on that he and the Soldier were two separate creatures. That he wasn’t the Soldier, he was something else.He went to the Smithsonian to look at the pictures of Captain America and the Howling Commandos and Bucky Barnes, but especially to look at the film clip of Captain America and Bucky Barnes—inseparable on both schoolyard and battlefield—standing against a brick wall, easy smiles on both of their faces. We ARE friends, Bucky Barnes had said, the words clearly visible on his lips, and then they’d both laughed.It fascinated him, this easy camaraderie, the blindingly obvious friendship and the subtler depth of feeling that could be teased out of the expressions on their faces. The clip was only five seconds long, playing over and over again in a loop, but he watched it hundreds, perhaps thousands of times in the two weeks that he haunted the museum like a particularly recalcitrant ghost.At night, huddled against a brick wall under a women’s polyfill winter coat he’d lifted from the lost and found at the museum, he thought about the video clip, the contrast between the two friends and the memory that twined its insidious fingers around him, the memory that he had sunk his metal claws into and couldn’t let go of. He only had two weeks’ worth of memories, fourteen days’ worth, three hundred thirty-six hours’ worth, twenty thousand minutes’ worth; less if you discounted the time he spent asleep. Each memory was a flake of gold leaf which, melted all together in the crucible of his mind, might eventually be enough to mint the coin of a new self.So as much as he hated it, he couldn’t bring himself to want to forget the memory of beating Captain America half to death on the shattered deck of the helicarrier, the crunch of the bone under his fist, the split in the soft, pink lip that dripped red blood, and the blue eye surrounded by a purpling bruise, almost swelled shut but still gazing at the Fist of Hydra and seeing someone else, instead.
You’re my mission.

Then finish it.
Two weeks after the Triskelion, he woke up early one morning before the sun had properly begun to rise and before the park he was sleeping in came awake in a glorious riot of birdsong, knowing, without knowing how he knew, that the time for thinking was over and that the time for doing was nigh. He couldn’t wait around any longer for them to come find him; he was going to find them first.So began a month-long tour of destruction up and down the east coast of the United States, from DC to Atlanta to Charlotte to DC again, then up to Philadelphia, over to Pittsburgh, and finally, to New York, hitting dozens of out-of-the-way bases in between.On his way out of DC, he stole a nondescript sedan from a parking garage, he stole a change of clothes from a thrift store, he stole a length of tubing from a hardware store and gas from the tank of another car in the parking lot. He stole whatever he needed, in fact, because he had no money, at least not until he took down the first base and cleaned out their safe, plus their weapons cache and their closet full of tactical gear, for good measure.He wasn’t reckless about enacting h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
Angst
flangst
Food
Cooking
Bucky Barnes gets a job
Knives
Steve Rogers Recovery
Pining
Getting Back Together
Eventual Smut
Misunderstandings
Bucky Barnes's rich interior life
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Happy Ending
Blasphemy
Beer
Natasha Romanov cameo - Freeform
Crullers
Thanksgiving
is it undernegotiated kink if you haven't talked about it in seventy-one years?
Eventual Dom/sub undertones
spanking (just a lil)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

