Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Bucky Barnes was having a pretty shitty day. A pretty shitty few years, to tell the truth, and maybe even longer than that. He and his stupid, ugly, piece of shit arrogant fuckface—Bucky closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He and his boyfriend had broken up. 

Dumped

, his bitter brain helpfully supplied. He’d been dumped, and now here he lay on the floor of his new apartment staring up at the white ceiling and surrounded by moving boxes, because of course Brock had owned their old apartment and was going to sell it to his brother rather than let Bucky buy it, even though he’d paid half the mortgage for two damn years.

Whatever. Bucky had splurged on this one, the top floor of a brownstone in Park Slope just a stone’s throw away from Prospect Park. And it wasn’t one of those narrow ass shotgun style apartments either. Well, okay, but not 

as

 narrow. He could comfortably fit not only a couch but also a coffee table, and maybe even a nice entertainment system. That was, if he had any furniture to speak of. (Brock had kept all that too.) But the cat tree looked nice by the window over there, his little Alpine lounging on the very top, snoozing in a sunbeam. Lazy girl.

So that was fine. It’s fine. He didn’t need any reminders of that asshole in his life anyway. He even had the smug pleasure of telling Brock he could keep everything because Bucky had a higher salary and could afford to buy all new stuff. That had made Brock really mad, because they both worked at the same agency, and Brock had been there longer and was a lot older than him, but Bucky had a higher clearance level. His ex’s face had gone all red, and then he’d stomped out the door. Bucky smiled just thinking about it.

“What’s that look for?” Natasha asked. He opened his eyes to see her hovering over him, her red hair framing her face as she looked down. She’d been helping him move all day, and by that he meant her bossing him around while he carried all these boxes up three flights of stairs.

“Nothing,” he replied, then amended: “It’s petty.”

She laid down next to him. “Is it about Brock?”

“Yes.” He did a poor job of biting back a smile. “I told him he could keep all our stuff because I made more money than him.”

Natasha huffed a laugh, grinning at the ceiling. “How considerate of you.”

“I’m the pinnacle of selflessness.”

There was a pause between them, where he could feel her eyes on him.

“You’re better off without him, 

Mishka

,” she said softly. Her silly Russian nickname for him.

He heaved a sigh. “Yeah, I know.”

“I know you hated it,” she went on, softly. “Hiding like that.”

She was right. No one at work had even known he and Brock had been dating, let alone living together. Brock had said he wanted to keep his professional life and private life separate. He’d said he didn’t want anyone to get the wrong idea about their relationship; Bucky was Fury’s protégé, and he didn’t want anyone thinking he was garnering any special favors by sleeping together. It made sense at first, and Bucky was still in the honeymoon phase of their relationship, susceptible to Brock’s charms and getting wined, dined, and dicked down on the regular.

It meant Brock went out on Friday nights without him, because some of Brock’s friends were also their coworkers, and none of them knew Bucky existed outside of the agency. It meant Brock went to holiday work parties with a woman from accounting, who was young and pretty and straight, while Bucky stood alone in the corner watching his boyfriend from across the room like some weird, stalkery peeping Tom. It meant sitting alone in medical after getting injured during a mission, still shaky from a close call and afraid to be in there by himself, but God forbid anyone think Brock actually cared about him.

Brock would tell him he hated it too, alone in their apartment, in their bed holding Bucky, as he kissed him while he slid inside him. He said that Bucky was worth hiding for, and coming home to him made everything worth it, and didn’t Bucky think Brock was worth it too?

Manipulative asshole. Bucky didn’t even get to have the satisfaction of saying he dumped that waste of space. No, Bucky was the one who got dumped when Brock got promoted to commander of his own STRIKE team—in Washington, D.C., where he would be going without Bucky. He’d said it had been too complicated to try to work out the logistics, or get a transfer for Bucky, or be in a long-distance relationship. He’d said it was better this way.

It didn’t feel better.

“I don’t want to talk about this anymore,” Bucky groaned, rubbing the heels of his hands into his eyes.

“Okay,” Natasha agreed amicably, and he was so grateful in that moment for her friendship. “Want to get some pizza and ice cream, and then go back to my place and watch Real Housewives so you can feel better about yourself?”

“Yes, please,” he replied, rolling onto his front before pushing himself up on his knees. He was about to get up when thei
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Past Bucky Barnes/Brock Rumlow
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Steve Rogers
Modern Bucky Barnes
Twink Bucky Barnes
Top Steve
Bottom Bucky
D/s undertones
Age Difference
Size Difference
Cabin Fic
Bathing/Washing
Fluff and Smut
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Dissociation
Gratuitous Smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

