Chapter 1: When Sentient Artifacts Conspire
    


Notes:
General Disclaimer: Most Characters are the property of J.K. Rowling and Marvel/Disney; I'm just messing about with them.This work will feature swearing, but there will be no explicit scenes of violence/sex/nudity. As Harry grows up, so too will the rating - but, that will mostly occur in Book II. This book, 'Adaptation', is the tale of Harry adapting to the MCU, and owing to his age, will be censored of 'that kind of thing'. (it's going to be SFW). With all that out of the way, enjoy!




Chapter Text
It had been a stroke of genius, on Dumbledore’s part, to hide the philosopher’s stone within the enchantments of the Mirror of Erised; some of his finest work if you were to ask the man himself. Unfortunately, however, Dumbledore forgot to take some things into consideration.The first mistake had been presuming that he had understood the complexities of both artefacts. Both had been made centuries ago, their original creators long having left the realm of the living; it had been presumptuous to think he had known the true depths either artefact possessed.The Mirror of Erised, for example, did not only show you your heart’s desire – it fed upon it. Like a leach on your soul, it had been made by the first owner of the Stone of Resurrection, using the innate magic of one of the Hallows to drive any who looked upon it mad with want (although that had not been the man’s intention). There had been a reason it had been kept in the deepest basement of Hogwarts, under wards so strong a Gringotts goblin would have given a nod of approval upon seeing them; wards which Dumbledore bypassed as the Headmaster of the school.But much like Hogwarts herself, the Mirror developed a kind of…sentience. He (for he thought of himself as a he, when he realised he could think) was not as motherly, not as kind as the castle, however. No. much like the magical artefact that had been used to create him, he relished driving his onlookers mad.The Headmaster’s misery at witnessing his sister had been delicious; it had been easy to open a reflection of the realm of Death on his glass, showing the man his greatest regret. The Mirror felt no qualms at doing this; the man had been responsible for his own misery and failed to see the power he – the mirror – had. Even a cursory scanning spell would have sent waves of death magic back in response.But then children started coming across him, and the mirror developed morality.It disgusted him… he longed for the days when he would entrap all with his thrall, but he couldn’t help but care. Adults who were foolish enough to use him were one thing, but children should not be exposed to something that could, after enough time, rip out their souls to send to the afterlife (he blamed that nightmare of a castle for teaching him, with her disappointed sighs and judgemental magic whenever a child came across him).The Philosopher’s stone was a different story, however.Nicholas Flammel and his wife had not created the artefact, no, they had found it. It was far older than any other thing centuries before it had ended up in Dumbledore’s hands. Far too powerful – and complex – for mere humans to create. It too possessed a kind of sentience, although it lacked the morality the Mirror and Hogwarts had developed. It saw everything in a logical format.The man and the woman who had used it to lengthen their own lifespans? Meaningless. They would one day tire of immortality; the inability to die, for some, meant the inability to live. Days would blur and boredom would set in far before they found a reason to enjoy immortality; they would be too focused upon their own lives to see the amount of good they could do with their lengthened lifespan.Although the stone had been beginning to feel bored itself (being locked away in a fancy glass case for centuries would do that) so going somewhere new was quite a nice change.Being put into a malicious mirror? Not so.  Now the two could not talk, per say, but they could communicate through the magic that they were made from. The Mirror’s, silky smooth and inviting, had been curious about its roommate – the stone, in comparison, didn’t give a flying fuck.Or at least that was the case, until it saw the mirror in action. Ensnaring the minds of others was one thing, but possessing a connection to Death’s Dimension? Now that was curious.So they began to ‘talk’ to each other.Their magic intermingled through those months, hidden away as they were in a secret alcove on the third-floor corridor of Hogwarts. Under the curious onlooking of Hogwarts, the two learned.And became more.In fact, they were rather happy to just be chilling out in their own world, if not for the Mirror’s ‘day-job’ – the regular ensnaring of minds. He went through a bit of a dry spell until that Quirrell bloke appeared.The Philosopher’s stone was not a fan of that man, for it knew of the second soul hitchhiking on the back of the man’s head like a parasite. Tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Young Harry
Parental Tony Stark
Harry Learns Marvel Magic
BAMF Harry Potter
BAMF Tony Stark
MCU compliant
Found Family
Mental Health Aware

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

