Work Text:
The motel outside Pigeonville, Iowa, is as plain and drab when Phil wakes up as it was when he went to sleep.  He lies still for a minute after waking, gathering his thoughts from where they've scattered, marshalling them into tidy formation before he swings his legs out of bed.  The carpet's thin and scratchy against his feet, and the grey light that's spilled through the blinds stripes his toes.  His third-day suit hangs, already ironed, in the alcove that serves as a closet for the room.  On the bedside table, beside his cufflinks and his watch, his phone blinks steadily: fourteen unread text messages, two video files, and a voicemail.  Phil cracks his neck, stands up and sweeps his hands up toward the ceiling, bends forward and reaches to touch his toes."Let me not end Tony Stark today," he murmurs, stretching his hands back toward the ceiling and then down to his feet.  "Let me not end Tony Stark.  Let me not end Tony Stark."Day 214 on the campaign trail of Steve Rogers for President.  Twenty-sixteen's shaping up to be a hell of a year.____"We've had fifteen ethics complaints since yesterday afternoon," Darcy says as Phil slides into the booth at the Central Pigeon Diner."Stark?" he asks."Eleven of them," she says.  "Pretty much baseless – same old whatever about proper divestiture of assets, use of Stark Industries software for campaign purposes.  The lawyers have it.""And the others?"  Phil nods his thanks at the waitress who pours him coffee, reaches for the sugar dispenser, and suppresses a flinch when he sees the Hello Kitty sticker Darcy's fixed to her phone."The only one that has traction is from Chisholm's campaign.  They think it's unfair that the Avengers provide Rogers with his security."Phil shrugs.  "So tell him he can have the X-Men."Darcy smiles, slow and a little wicked.  "I like that.  I like that a lot.""Put Thompson on it.  If it happens, we'll need someone to ride herd on Wolverine.  He doesn't like politics.""Yeah, because I turn cartwheels over my job every morning," Darcy says dryly, and picks up her phone, begins to scroll through new messages.Phil stares at the sticker.  It's mocking him; it's mocking him in pink, and it sparkles.  "That's not standard issue," he says, because there are things he can let pass, and others he can't, and Hello Kitty is a mouthless abomination visited on the gullible and those inclined toward mischief."Get over it," she says, and turns a sunny smile toward the waitress.  "The number three, over easy, wheat toast, and a cinnamon roll to go, please."Phil takes a sip of his coffee.  At least her breakfast choices are sound._____There are moments when Phil feels a twinge of sympathy for the other candidates.  It's not easy to run against a man who's saved the world from Nazis, demigods, aliens, and giant, sentient armadillos.  Not even Rogers' love life can seem to make a dent in the polling numbers, and that has to be demoralizing.  The American public is usually so trustworthy in refusing to forgive past sins, but now, at the eleventh hour, no one seems to have an appetite for Tony Stark's tawdry youth and the salacious effect he's surely having on Captain America's morals.That doesn't mean there aren't protestors at every campaign stop.  The peaceniks hate the very concept of a Super Soldier, and they hate Stark Industries' record of weapon sales even more.  At least a half-dozen can be trusted to show up at events with large, colored graphs nailed to wooden sticks, itemizing casualty counts.  On more than one occasion someone's used a stick to create more casualties, beaning a religious zealot or two on the head – the peaceniks might not like the source of Tony's fortune, but they don't think he's going to hell for having sex with Rogers on a regular basis.  There are the cryophobics, and dues-paying members of Americans Against Genetic Engineering, and representatives from People for Regular Metabolism.  Veterans Against Mutants show up almost every time and get into shouting matches with contributors to the Bucky Barnes PAC, and there's a small but dedicated band of imbeciles who keep campaigning for Doctor Doom as a write-in.Phil's only had to deal with twenty-seven women who've claimed that Rogers fathered their son or daughter, and one woman who claimed he'd fathered her ferret.That was actually a really fun day."What have we got?" he asks Sitwell outside the Lions Club.Sitwell arches an eyebrow.Phil arches one right back."Barton wants to hang by his ankles from the lightning conductor on top of First Methodist," Sitwell offers, and the bastard is smiling, like he enjoys telling Phil these things.Phil touches his earpiece.  "Barton.""You know it'd be hot," Clint says, voice clear over the comm. link.  "Leaves my hands free.""Explain to me how your hands aren't free when you're standing on your feet, rather than dangling from your tibia a hundred feet above the ground.""Aww, shucks," Clint says, voice low.  "Coulson.  I didn't know yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

