Chapter 1: I LANDED ON YOU LIKE A SUCKER PUNCH
    




Chapter Text



Dr. Hart’s office is nice.


Maybe a bit too sterile (but what can you expect with all its governmental brutalist interior design? And Christ, this waiting room sofa is not comfortable — despite that fact, it has become your own designated spot) but there is this little bonsai tree in the corner by the door that you like. A lot.


When you’d asked about it, Dr. Hart said her father had been given it as a gift after his service in the second world war and she’d tended to it since his passing a decade ago.


“It’s going on ninety-two years,” she shrugged, “It takes patience and some nurturing and a lot of learning, but I’ve kept it alive all this time… Some might say it’s a good allegory for therapy.”


She said it with a hint of sardonic humor. You laughed at that. “Plants are nice.”

“I thought you’d say that,” she clucked, “Is it because they’re predictable? No what-if’s or challenges there? Nothing like people.”

The jab was good-natured, but with a pointed edge; and back then, you didn’t know any better than to lie and try to hide the fact she’d just read you like a book she knew all too well. Dog-eared corners and all. You’d lied to her face, said some stupid bold faced lie. It was about liking surprises. It was an attempt to divert the conversation. To control it.

You hate surprises.

Stupid.

She knew better. And now that you’ve been seeing her for four months, you could argue she knew you better than anyone else in your life. Maybe that isn’t saying much — mostly since the three biggest people in your life happened to be Dr. Hart, your neighbor Miss Bonnie, and your cat Mister Poke Bowl.

… Dr. Hart kept saying Poke didn’t count, but it felt just plain rude to discredit the calico’s clear, innate gift of listening. He was good at that. He always knew when you were having one of those moments. And, you two hung out, like, all the time. He definitely counted as a person. Or, maybe half of one.

For sure.

The door to the waiting room opens slowly, and your view of the bonsai tree disappears for a second. Suddenly, in its wake stands a tall, broad-shouldered man with a tired look. You blink. Your knee, for a moment, halts the rhythmic temp it had been locked into. Up and down and up and… down and up.

You’ve never seen him before.

He must be one of Dr. Raynor’s patients. You’d met her a handful of times in passing. She shared an office space with Dr. Hart — the two ran a practice together in downtown Manhattan. You knew that Dr. Raynor worked with the VA, mostly military-related clientele. Usually, it was uniform-clad servicemen that found a seat next to you in the office, wringing their berets in clammy hands. You wish you could say you didn’t mind; they were all nice enough. It was just…

People. People are hard.

This man didn’t need a uniform for you to know he was a soldier.

The way he carries himself to talk to Paula, the lovely secretary behind the front desk, tells you all you need to know. It’s the cadence of his steps, the weight of his gait. He walks with purpose, but his expression says otherwise — almost as if he’s ashamed he takes up so much space in this quiet, little office.

You shift in your seat. Your knee resumes its bounce.

You find yourself staring; he looks horribly uncomfortable when he turns around to find a seat, and suddenly you find yourself wishing you could extend some sort of comfort. But, the thought of opening your mouth and speaking to the stranger is wildly paralyzing.

He finds a spot diagonal to you in that emerald chair that creaks, beside the bonsai.

When Dr. Hart rounds the corner and calls your name a second later, you disappear into her office without a second glance.                                

 


It’s him again.

You’re in the waiting room, fifteen minutes early like always.

He comes in two minutes after you and takes up the same spot as last time. Right by the bonsai. That emerald chair creaks as he sits with his legs spread and elbows resting on his knees. His head is bowed. He looks, frankly, like he could throw-up without a moment’s notice.

Again, the temptation to offer some sort of comfort bubbles up.


Like, what? ‘It gets easier?’ Sure. We’ve all heard that line.


You swallow it down and sigh.

The quiet makes your ears ring. You don’t like this feeling of forced silence. Sometimes it’s even worse than conversation. It feels like picking the better of two evils. Dr. Hart says that’s a normal feeling. That sometimes we just don’t have enough in us to carry on a conversation; that recharging and listening is completely normal. She’d made a point to state that didn’t mean avoiding human interaction all together for the sake of comfort.


“You need to learn how to live again. It’s going to look different from last time, but you don’t need to be anchored and drowned by your fear.”


You cross your legs and weave your arms together and chew the inside of your lip.

When the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Trauma
Bucky Barnes Goes to Therapy
Anxiety Disorder
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Developing Friendships
But Like While Depressed
Two Idiots with PTSD
Therapy Waiting Room Meet Cute
Pre-The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (TV)
Slow Burn
Like A Real Slow Burn
Bucky Tackles Online Dating
Inappropriate Use of Metal Arm
Eventual Smut
Alpine Appearance
OK Google What Do I Do if I'm in Love With My Best Friend
Romantic DIY Gunshot Wound Surgery

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

