Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky  has  been ignoring Sam's texts. Even though that had been a little hard to admit both to himself and Dr. Raynor. After the blip, or reverse blip, whatever they're calling it, and Stark's funeral, it was only him and Sam for a while. They'd been kind of lost, kind of wandering around the forgotten wasteland everyone stumbled back into. And that had been perfect in a way, in a very comforting and familiar way. Bucky had gotten just a little too comfortable. Sam sprung it on him, early one Autumn morning: He was planning on returning home to be with his family. His sister needed help with the business, and Sam had mentioned feeling guilty about leaving Sarah. And he gets that; being missing for five years had played hard on everyone, but Bucky hadn't precisely lost anything. Except for Sam.He saw Sam off the morning he left. Stood watching as the plane whisked him away, and suddenly everything had felt quieter. Emptier. Thing is, it wasn't just comfort in the wild unknown of their post-blip life. Sam wasn't just comfort. Sam was… damn. Bucky found himself stealing glances far too often at the way Sam smiled, his funny little quirks, his weird possessiveness about Redwing. More often than not, he'd find himself close to Sam like a shadow, always guarding and watchful. He dreamt of Sam too, dreamt of them together and admitting how he felt out loud. He was falling hard, and he'd done that one too many times; he knew it only ended in tragedy each time. Still, he stayed close, hoping Sam would have the courage to say something if he even felt anything at all because Bucky would never get it past his lips.But Sam left instead.  

1 July, 15:11
 Wilson:   Hey man, just checking in. How's it going in NY? 
2 July, 06:00
 Wilson:   Flip phones don't got a reply button now, huh? 
5 July, 14:33
 Wilson:   Dude, I'm worried. Text me back when you can. 
10 July, 07:21
 Wilson:   Anyway I hope you're good, staying out of trouble and all.  
16 July, 19:00
 Wilson:   I was thinking about that night we went to see Star Wars at the open-air cinema.  

 They got one here too. We can go if you visit. Let me know. 

19 July, 23:45
 Wilson:   Buck? Come on man. 

 You know what fine 


 Whatever 

20 July, 00:00
 Wilson:   Pepper sent over samosas today, I know you like them, like that place down on 4th. 

 Anyway they made me think about you. 

29 July, 17:01
 Wilson:   png_i5153 *unreadable content* 

 Goddamnit Bucky 


 I sent you a picture of the docks at sunset. It's nice. Kinda romantic shit you'd like. The sky is pink tonight. You'd love it, you should come see it. 

Bucky stares at the screen, flips it shut, and stares up at his celling instead. At least there's a game on t.v tonight. It should get his mind off the nagging feeling that screams "Sam" from every fiber of his body. 
"You should go see her," Says Yori during lunch at the sushi bar. Bucky looks bewildered from Leah to Yori and feels his face heat up. "Who?" he says, mouth full, definitely not making eye contact with either of them.Yori motions to his face, crinkles his nose up, "The one that makes you look stupid like this." He flutters his eyes."Wow." Bucky pops another Maki in his mouth, "That's nice." "Go see her." Yori pours more soy sauce on his already soaked roll and eats it. "I agree," says Leah with a smile, "Not that I don't enjoy the faces you make at your phone. But that's some shit you gotta sort out, man." "I'm finding another place to eat," he says, pointing at them with his chopsticks. They laugh.He's wondering if perhaps they're right. Maybe hanging out with Sam again will do him some good. Maybe he's really just lonely and alone.Later, back at his apartment, he calls Dr. Raynor, runs the idea by her, and expresses just how stupid he thinks it is. Because she loves when he fucking  expresses  stuff. She doesn't love that he "depreciates and devalues his own thoughts," though. Ultimately they agree that perhaps going to see Sam is in everyone's best interests. Might get him some closure, but he doesn't share that part. The last thing this woman needs to know is that Bucky is helplessly stupidly and one-sidedly in love with someone. A man at that. Maintain friendships, she said. So that's what he's going to do. Friendship. He's going to friendship the hell out of this.
Sam was right. The dock at sunset is exactly the kind of thing Bucky likes. It's all pink and grey and peachy hues. The clouds gather thick on the horizon, white balls shining with golden light. He stands and watches for a while, lets the last rays of sun bake on his face as it sets in the distance. And then—"Barnes?" It feels like a shudder within hearing that voice. When he turns, Sam's up to his elbows in grease, wiping it on an old rag. There's a smudge on his cheek just below his eye, and he's kind of sweaty, wearing a loose and dirty white t-shirt and a pair of worn, washed jeans. "Hey, Sam," Bucky says, losing his voice in the middle of it, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Pining
Idiots in Love
Getting Together
Everybody loves Sam Wilson
Competitive Bucky
Oblivious Sam
Torres is a sweetheart
Love Confessions
These guys are so bad at feelings it's embarrasing
Post Episode 1: New world order
Translation Available
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

