Chapter 1: Invasion
    




Chapter Text
     Percy… isn’t entirely sure how he got here.      Hang on. Rewind. Play the tape again.      Okay. He was just having a normal day. The sun was shining, the birds (pigeons) were singing, Manhattan traffic was abysmal, and everything was fine.      And then a portal appeared in the sky over one of the tallest towers on the island and shit hit the fan.      “Annabeth, are you seeing this?” Percy called, having instantly summoned an IM in a nearby fountain. Creatures were descending from a hole in the sky, weaving around airborne explosions. People were running and screaming.      “Percy, what- oh my gods,” Annabeth breathed.      “I’ve gotta help,” Percy decided, staring up at the chaos descending upon the city.      “Percy, I’m not sure those are monsters,” his girlfriend tried to caution. “Celestial bronze might not work!”      Percy engaged his watch, a replica that Tyson made of the one he’d lost in the Labyrinth years ago. The shield formed up over his arm. “I’ll be careful, Wise Girl. But I’ve got to try. If I don’t call you back in an hour, call me. I’ll see you later, alright?”      Annabeth glared at him, half in frustration and half in concern. “Stay alive. Come back to us, Seaweed Brain. I love you.”      Percy smiled. “I love you too, Annabeth.” He waved his hand through the mist and dismissed the IM. Without hesitation, he pulled his pen out of his pocket and uncapped it, charging off towards the starting hoard of creatures.      So we’re caught up now. Manhattan Island. Giant portal in the sky. Explosions, monsters, the works.      Once he was in range, Percy threw his sword at the nearest one to test if the metal even worked on them.      Percy’s grin when the sword skewered it was half-feral. Before the others noticed their fallen comrade, Percy slipped away to the nearest familiar statue, activating the same command that brought the statues into the Battle of Manhattan during the Titan War. By the time it started to march away to activate more statues, Riptide had already returned.      Percy threw himself into the fray, keeping the few currently grounded creatures from chasing after mortals and cutting them down like he would any other grunt-level monster. He was only a few blocks from the portal when some kind of aircraft started falling from the sky. He spared a moment to glance towards the area it was headed for.      People were mostly out of the way, but they were still coming in too hot.      Percy pulled water from his surroundings and cushioned the aircraft as it crashed. Once it stopped moving, Percy let the water go and continued moving towards the epicenter. Which coincidentally brought him closer to the craft as it opened its bay door.      Three people in strange tactical gear ran out from the plane and around the corner on Park towards Grand Central. None of them seemed to notice Percy running after them, pulling stuck mortals out of cars and dodging people trying to run away from the portal in the sky.      A roar from above caught Percy’s attention. He snapped his head up to see some kind of flying Goliath descending on the city like a demonic, armored space fish. It was easily larger than Grand Central Station. As it flew down Park Avenue, more grunt creatures dropped from it’s armor onto the streets and the sides of buildings. They surrounded Percy, the three unknowns, and whatever people hadn’t managed to get away.      As Percy watched flying chariots soar sound the city causing destruction and chaos, he wished that he had the Apollo cabin behind him. Aerial support from Jason and Tempest would have been great, too. With a heartfelt curse, he channeled the water within the creatures scaling the nearby buildings and pulled them down. Some screamed as they fell, but Percy didn’t have it in him to care. They were targeting mortals indiscriminately.      After a while, Percy cycled back to the bridge in front of Grand Central Station in time to see some of the creatures closing in on the three people from earlier get shot down by lightning. Percy stiffened instinctually, but the caped man who dropped from the sky looked  nothing  like Zeus or any god he was familiar with. And he sure as hell wasn’t Jason.      Percy took a moment to watch from afar as the four adults rounded up to talk a moment, slowly approached by a fifth on a beat-up motorbike.      An IM appeared in the air next to Percy. He turned to face it, casting glances around him to make sure he wasn’t missing anything.      “Percy, what’s going on?” Jason asked, looking around the hellscape with concern.      “No idea, Jason,” Percy said, returning a loose eye on the adults. “Manhattan’s under siege from monsters coming from a portal, but they’re not like anything I’ve ever seen. There’s a small team fighting out here and I’ve been keeping at the edge of their zones. Camp Half-Blood is too far out for them to feasibly make it even if they left now, if Chiron even lets t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson

freeform: 
Camp Half-Blood (Percy Jackson)
Post-Tartarus (Percy Jackson)
BAMF Percy Jackson
Canon Divergence - Avengers (2012)
The Avengers are confused
who is this kid?
Nick Fury Knows All
Except This One Thing
And it's really pissing him off
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Extremis (Marvel)
Iron Man 3
Percy Jackson is Riptide
and Riptide is basically a Cryptid
Percy thinks it's hilarious and annoying as hell in turns
When I say he's Riptide I mean it's his codename
he's not a sword
Percy Jackson is a Cryptid
Slow To Update

fandom: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson

