Chapter 1



Notes:
Gorgeous moodboard created by adoctoraday, thank you so much! ♥️ ♥️

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


“But, Dad, you promised you’d be able to pick me up on time today!” Peter said, glancing furtively around his locker to make sure he hadn't been overheard.  Seeing as it was almost ninety minutes after the final bell, he probably didn't have to worry much.  Most of the students were long gone, with the few remaining still engrossed in their chess clubs or shop class projects, where they probably wouldn’t be able to hear him anyway. “Pete,” Dad said, cursing when he almost dropped his phone.  “Buddy, you know I’m slammed here at the moment, and—” “But you  promised!”  Peter cut in, shuddering when his voice cracked like a piece of glass on the final syllable.  He cleared his throat, deliberately trying to lower it.  “Ned’s mom even offered to give me a ride home, and I told her I didn’t need one ‘cause you were on your way!” Dad sighed heavily, and Peter pictured him pinching the bridge of his nose, like he always did whenever his coffee ran out before he was done tinkering with whatever he was tinkering with. “Yeah, buddy, I know I did.  And I’m sorry, I really am.  But you know how cranky Obie gets sometimes.  And if I don't get this missile schematic done before I leave then I’ll be having to deal with him for the entire goddamn weekend, and I know how much you hate it when he bugs us at home.” Peter held up his hand, as if he could halt Dad’s dumb excuses right there from the hallway.  It was useless, and he knew it.  But the stubborn Stark in him couldn't help but try anyway. 
 Not like a weekend at home has ever stopped Obie, but whatever… 
 “Yeah, Dad, I do,” Peter said quietly.  He tipped his head back against his locker, squeezing his eyes closed as he tried to think of what to say next that wasn't just another whiny complaint.  “I just…” 
 I just wish you’d tell him no every now and then. 
 “Look, bud, how ‘bout this,” Dad said before Peter could say anything else.  “How ‘bout you give me one more hour, and then I promise I’ll have JARVIS turn off all calls from the office for the entire weekend.  Hmm?  That sound okay?” “All the calls?” Peter asked, barely daring to hope.  “Every single one?” A pause followed, one that stretched just a couple seconds too long. “How ‘bout all the calls except for Pepper, yeah?” Dad finally said.  “You know she doesn’t bug us unless it’s a real emergency, so—” “That's fine,” Peter rushed out.  He raked his fingers through his hair, grimacing as they got stuck on a particularly stubborn knot.  He’d needed a haircut about three weeks ago, but Dad had been too busy and he never let Peter go by himself.  “You said an hour?” “Ah, yep,” Dad said.  “Hour and fifteen tops, all right?  You’ve got homework you can be working on, yeah?” “Sure,” answered Peter, even though he’d already completed all of his homework during the last hour he’d been sitting around.  “But once I’m done, is it okay if I walk down to that new bookstore I told you about?  The one that just opened like a couple weeks ago?” “Mmm,” Dad muttered as he nearly dropped his phone again.  “I was under the impression that the entire point of this conversation was to ensure that you  didn't leave the school before I got there, buddy, so why do you think that I’d let you—?” “But it’s only a half a block away, Dad!  Like I can literally see it from the parking lot!”  Peter rolled his eyes, tugging on the strap of his backpack.  He was thirteen, for heaven’s sake, not three, and could more than handle a half a block walk without holding his daddy’s hand. Especially while being tailed with a security regimen that would rival that of any President or other head of state’s child. “I’m already done with my homework, so please?  If you're that paranoid, you can just tell the security guys to follow me!” “There is nothing paranoid about me caring for your safety, child!” Dad snapped.  “As much as it may surprise you, there are plenty of people out there who would just love to get their grimy hands on you, and I can’t take the chance that someone’ll—” “Dad, I already know that!  But I’m gonna go bonkers if I have to just sit here by myself for another hour!” Peter practically shrieked.  And it’s not like he didn't already know he was a potential target for kidnappers.  Dad only reminded him of it at least twice a day. Nothing like the only son of a billionaire to be the perfect score for some less-than-scrupulous people looking to make a few million bucks. “Please!” he pleaded.  “Everyone’s gone already, and I’ve got nothing to do!” “Jesus Christ, Pete,” Dad muttered, probably rapping his fingertips on his desk.  “All right, fine.  If you can’t bring yourself to just sit tight for an hour, then I guess it’s okay.  Long as you only go there and back, you got that?” “Uh huh,” answered Peter, not even trying to suppress his triumphant smile.  “And I w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Parent Tony Stark
Kid Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Superfamily (Marvel)
Protective Tony Stark
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Obadiah Stane is a Jerk
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied/Referenced Childhood Emotional Abuse

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

