Chapter 1: Breaking Bucky Barnes
    


Summary:

IMPORTANT WARNING: This chapter involves extremely dubious consent/manipulation/non-con, and very dark!Steve. If that is not your cup of tea, I encourage you to skip to Chapter 2 where Bucky is a much more willing participant in the dom/sub relationship. Chapter tags: manipulation, blowjobs, face fucking, anal fingering, anal sex, dirty talk, humiliation, gaping, cum eating, submisssion.





Chapter Text
“Enter,” Captain Rogers called. Private Bucky Barnes entered the room and stood at attention before his desk. Bucky was dressed in the standard issue camouflage attire and black combat boots. He was quite the Adonis, early twenties, well built, with dark brown hair and blue eyes. He and Private Sam Wilson were new transfers on their base. “Sir,” Bucky acknowledged.“Private, what can I do for you?” Steve asked coolly.“I’m here to discuss Private Wilson, Sir.” Steve gave him a searching look. Sam Wilson had been detained the night before following a drunken altercation on the base. Steve hadn’t decided whether to discharge him or to demote him to grunt work yet. His friend looked desperate. Steve remembered that Wilson had been his only friend and protector on his old base. Their former Captain had told him that word had gotten around that Bucky was gay, and soon it became impossible for the other recruits to work with him. They had all decided that this time, Bucky’ private life would be kept under wraps. The Captain looked the man over. Maybe he could use this to his advantage. He loved desperate people; so easy to control, to manipulate.“I thought so,” Steve admitted. “I’m sure you’re very worried for him. Why don’t you sit?” the Captain said with fake concern, waving at a chair behind Bucky.“I prefer to stand, Sir,” Bucky insisted.“Very well. What is it that you want?” Steve asked, waiting eagerly for Bucky to show his hand so he would have him just where he wanted him.“I want to talk about Sam,” Bucky started again.“What about him? He’s being held in detention,” Steve interrupted, getting impatient.“What will you do to him?” Bucky asked, a hint of a challenge in his eyes that Steve didn’t like.“I think I’ll discharge him. As I would any recruit who displayed such flagrant disregard for the rules,” Steve replied.“Sam followed the rules.” Bucky protested hotly. “It was the other recruits, Shaw and Grant, they- “Steve narrowed his eyes at him and he warned, “I don’t have any patience for whistleblowers on my base.”Bucky deflated, trying to get his emotions under control.“Look, it was all a misunderstanding,” Bucky said instead.“Private, you are in no position to be making demands of your superiors.” Steve commented. “I- Sir?” the private asked, confusion on his face. “Oh, don’t act surprised. I heard about all the trouble you caused on your old base. Parading around your lifestyle, coming on to your fellow soldiers. That sort of insubordination must be punished, don’t you agree?” Bucky glanced at the door and when he turned back there was worry in his eyes. He seemed to consider for a moment before he offered, “Then give whatever punishment Sam has due to me.”“That’s an interesting offer, Private Barnes. But I’m afraid Wilson is set to be discharged in the morning.”Bucky struggled to control his emotions, still standing stiff as a board in front of his superior. He finally gave in, desperation written all over him when he asked, “What will it take for Sam to stay?” Steve smirked in triumph.“I suppose there is one thing you could give to me, and I would consider letting your friend go without consequence. Bucky looked hopeful, “Anything, Sir.” “I want your total submission to my authority,” he requested. The handsome man frowned. “So… if I do what you want you will let Sam go?” Steve smiled evilly; breaking this boy would be a piece of cake.“Yes.”“And he won’t be punished?” Bucky persisted.“Yes. I would even wipe it from his record.”“And he’ll stay on this base, with me,” Bucky said strongly.“Agreed. In fact, I can ensure you are never separated while I am in charge.”“Very well,” Bucky agreed easily, “What do you want from me?”Steve rose and went to the door, ensuring that it was locked. He returned to the recruit, standing now without the desk between them. He made sure to position himself so that the camera on the ceiling could capture them both. “Kneel before me,” Steve ordered.Bucky gave him a shocked look.“What?” Steve grinned.“I told you; I want your submission. Now submit,” Bucky gave him a defiant look, but as he watched the other man seemed to deflate.“Fine.”Bucky looked down, unable to maintain eye contact as he went to his knees on the floor.Steve looked down at the kneeling soldier. Bucky might have a stronger spirit than he had let on. However, Steve was also certain he knew how to break him. The one secret, the hidden shame that Bucky had carried with him. He could use it to break him.Steve fisted Bucky’s hair painfully and tilted his head back 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Alternate Universe - Military
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Power Imbalance
Dark Steve Rogers
Dom/sub
BDSM
Dubious Consent
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Voyeurism
Sex Tapes
Submission
Dirty Talk
Anal Gaping
Come Swallowing
Come Marking
Slurs
Hardcore
Face Slapping
Face-Fucking
Teasing
Rimming
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Praise Kink
Cock Worship
Cock Warming
Size Kink
Dry Humping
Spanking
Butt Plugs
Sexting
Creampie
Barebacking
Sex Toys
Vibrators
Cock Rings
Dildos
Nipple Clamps
Collars
BDSM gear
Bucky Barnes is a Very Good Boy
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Steve Becomes a Better Dom (Eventually)
Object Insertion
Object Penetration
Shower Sex
Kissing
Frottage
Subdrop
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

