Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The crowd cheered deafeningly when the gangplank was finally secured and the first officers emerged from the ship. In their dress uniforms, medals shining brightly in the late afternoon sun they looked as if they had stepped directly from news reel. All around Steve women shouted out names of husbands, brothers, fathers and their arms reaching out as if to anticipate the coming embraces.He hung back to avoid getting trampled though he practically shook with the same exuberance. Reunions spread through the crowd like joyous bursts of fireworks. The noise burst through the crowd rising and falling with years of repressed talk tumbled out. Steve stretched out on tiptoe and watched the men pouring forth, restless and tight.They had traded letters across the Atlantic, full of their old banter and affection until last January when a fist full of shrapnel had sent a frightening telegram his way. We regret to inform you that Sergent James Buchanan Barnes was injured in the line of duty. After that, the letters were few and far between and when they came they were bleak, stunted things. It was as if the injury had split open some old wound and the weeping bile spilled right onto the page.  There were descriptions of battles, bloody and pointless that left both sides panting for breath as they dragged their dead home during ceasefires. Steve had forced himself to read every terrible word, responding with as much compassion he could muster from the comfort of their kitchen. He sent on stories, food and clean socks, all too aware of how pitiful the offerings, but unable to do anything more.“Steve.” A man emerged from the crowd and it took him long seconds to find the familiar face under the scars. The entire left side of his face was lined with scars at oddly precise intervals even his eyebrow bisected neatly. Angry red skin flared over his right hand where it must have risen to protect his eyes and lips, the pointer and pinkie fingers missing entirely.“Bucky!”“You didn’t get any taller.” The joke sat uneasily as if unsure of its welcome.“This is the whole package.” The hug could not be repressed though he knew how ridiculous they probably looked. “I missed you, you big idiot.”“Yeah.” Bucky patted him gently on the back. “Yeah, I know.”Like a champagne bottle finally uncorked, Steve began to talk, the last three years of quiet vigil coming to an abrupt end. He stayed close to Bucky’s side, glancing at his profile as they walked just to assure himself that he was really there.“What happened to the deli?” Bucky asked abruptly as they rounded the corner of their block.“Went out of business.” Steve looked over the barricaded windows. “There was talk of someone buying it a few months ago, but nothings come of it.”“I was looking forward to a Reuben too.” Bucky said mildly, but there was something stricken in his face.“It’s not the only deli in Brooklyn.” Steve replied with equal lightness. “Anyway, you always hated their pickles. Levitt’s still has the best.”“Let’s go home first.”“All right.”They climbed up the four crumbling steps into the cramped vestibule that always smelled faintly of cabbage. A faint smile creased Bucky’s lips as they took the shaky staircase up to the second floor.“Oh Lordy! Is that Jamie?” Mrs. Schuyler emerged from her apartment, eyes shining. “Come here my boy and let me have a look at you.”“Hello, Mrs. Schuyler.”  Bucky grinned. “You look as young as the day I left.”“You terrible boy.” She threw ancient wrinkled arms around him and even though Bucky had always said she was a hateful old hag, he hugged her back like she was his own dear departed mother.“Hello, Steve!”  Gloria on the first floor called up. “Is that Bucky?”“Come up!” He waved.She bounced up the stairs, leaning down to kiss Steve on the cheek before turning her 100 watt smile on Bucky.“Do you remember me?” She asked all laughter.“How could I forget?” Bucky embraced her then held her at arm’s length. “Though I could swear you were still a kid when I left.”“Guess I went and grew up on you.” Her smile faded at the edges. “Welcome home, Bucky.”She disappeared down the stairs in a flash.“She married a Naval officer two years ago.” Steve said softly as the continued down the hall. “Went down in the Pacific.”“Christ.” Bucky leaned heavily against the wall as Steve fumbled for his keys.  “Did I really stick my foot in it?”“Don’t think so. She always liked you. The telegram only came a few weeks ago, she’s been up and down ever since.” The door finally creaked open.He’d obsessively tidied for the last two weeks, trying to make up for years of neglect. It wasn’t that the place had been dirty, rather it had gathered a sort of a disturbing abandoned quality. He lived almost exclusively out of his small bedroom and the galley kitchen, eating over the sink.  As the only young man in the building, many of his meals had been courtesy of lonely older women anxious to express their deprived motherly feelings onto someone more 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Howard Stark

freeform: 
PTSD
Psychological Trauma
Bromance
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Howard Stark

