Work Text:
Steve stretches out on top of the sheets as the sun peeks over the horizon, blissfully, delightfully relaxed. It's the same feeling he gets from a really good workout, but moreso, more liquid, more at ease. Which is fair, really, since sex is basically just another sort of exercise. One of the best, to hear Tony tell it, and Tony would know, wouldn't he?Snuggling into the pillow, Steve turns his head. Tony's dead asleep in the morning sunlight next to him, collapsed onto his chest and drooling into the pillow. Usually his facial hair is impeccable, but Steve can make out just a hint of shadow along his jaw where it's growing back in. Dried sweat leaves odd, intricate stippling across his skin, where the light bounces just a little differently. He wants to run his fingers over it, feel the stubble on his skin.Tony's back muscles are relaxed, but Steve can see where the lines of definition are, how they'll flex and bend and move. Bite marks litter his neck and shoulders, evidence of where Steve got carried away. Steve's pretty sure there's more of them down on his hipbones, and he definitely left one on the inside of Tony's thigh, he remembers working at it. The sunlight is angled just right, so Tony's eyelashes cast shadows across his cheekbones, and the occasional silver hair glints among the dark brown.Nude looks good on him, Steve thinks distantly, with the tiny portion of his mind that isn't occupied going hrnnng. His dick aches a little just from looking, heavy against the body-warmed sheets.The musk of sex isn't as thick in the air as it had been the night before, just enough that Steve can taste it on the back of his tongue. Behind it is just a hint of coffee that JARVIS probably started brewing when Steve first woke up. He wants to press his nose behind Tony's ear, breathe in the scent of last night, taste the salty places where sweat pooled, feel the heat building up between them while the air conditioner blows a cool breeze over his back. He's not really sure where this is going between them, but it would be worth it to hear Tony say his name again in that half-gasped, half-moaned way.If Steve had known sex was so fantastic, he wouldn't have waited so long."Hey, we can take a picture if you want," Tony mutters into the pillow, without even twitching his toes. It's the smoothest transition from asleep to awake that Steve's ever seen. Unless Tony's been awake the whole time, but Steve could swear he hasn't. "Memento sort of thing.""I—" Steve's mouth goes inexplicably dry. He swallows, which doesn't help at all, because Tony's smiling now and that's just the best thing in the world. The morning erection he'd been failing to ignore certainly seems to think so, anyway. "Do I—need a memento?""I dunno, that time Captain America lost his virginity to Tony Stark and you were in the front row, seems like something worth remembering." Shadows on Tony's cheeks flutter, just before his eyes open. He smiles at Steve, eyes sleepy and unfocused under heavy lids. "And, really, I'm still speechless about that. You're incredibly talented for an amateur."Better an amateur than a professional,  Steve tries, and fails, to say. His eyes lock on the curve of Tony's mouth, the little flashes of tongue as he speaks. Morning breath, Steve knows, and strangely doesn't care. He just wants a kiss.So he leans over and steals one, wrinkling his nose when the anticipated morning breath reaches through the fog. The scratch of Tony's in-coming beard tingles along his jaw, chapped lips sliding against his.Tony rolls over onto his back, breaking the kiss by necessity, and Steve follows to reclaim it before he can get away. Strong hands come up around him, sliding over Steve's shoulders, calluses scraping the sensitive place along his spine.Turns out Steve wasn't the only one with the hard on. Tony's dick presses against Steve's hip, hard and hot and just feeling it makes Steve shiver. He presses his hip down, rubbing, and Tony groans, head falling back onto the pillow."Maybe we can make this a habit," he babbles, grabbing a handful of Steve's ass and kneading. "A bad habit. A really bad habit."Steve thinks about it, or tries to. Thinking doesn't come easily, when Tony's staring at him like that. It curls through his stomach and head, making his heart pound. "I like bad habits," he decides, bowing his head for another kiss.As far as bad habits go, Steve's fairly certain it's the best one he's ever had, especially compared to his one attempt at smoking back before the serum. Asthma and cigarettes hadn't mixed well at all, whereas he and Tony seem to do really, really well. Maybe more than they should.They have sex two more times before making it out the door to SHIELD for their weekly Avengers Meeting. The only reason they don't go back for a third on the car ride over is because Tony accuses Steve of using his Super Stamina against him, and then goes on about Dicks of Mass Destruction for a full ten minutes. It takes so many 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

