Chapter 1





Chapter Text
PainPain was all Tony had felt since the fight at the airport. Since the fight in Siberia. Since HYDRA had caught him and shoved him in that damp, dark, mouldy cell he’d been stuck in for who knows how long. The injuries from the airport and bunker fights had long since healed, but so many new ones had taken their place.Tony wasn’t alone in his cell. HYDRA had caught the one and only Bucky Barnes just a few days after Tony. Apparently, he and Rogers had been on the run and had gotten ambushed. Tony didn't know the details. They didn’t fight, the two of them. Neither had the energy. Barnes only had one arm at the moment due to the fight in the bunker, and Tony was being tortured day in and day out. After the data dump, Tony’s SHIELD file had been released and HYDRA, as well as everyone else, knew exactly what had happened to Tony in Afghanistan. HYDRA was using that to their advantage.The pain was so much worse this time around.In reality, Tony had only been there a week, but it felt like a lifetime. A lifetime of pain and degradation. Being an Omega in an Alpha’s world, Tony was used to having all sorts of names thrown his way. He’d grown up with an Alpha father who hated his guts for many reasons. But having the gaol to be born an Omega was the largest nail in the coffin.Sharing a cell with Barnes, a born and bred Alpha, put Tony on edge. Not just because he was an Alpha, though that was a big part while Tony was so vulnerable. Tony was still on edge from the fight in the bunker. His mamma. His mamma. Seeing her die like that… and that Rogers knew! It made his head spin. Made his head hurt. Made him wary.It was three days of being stuck in a room with Barnes before with of them talked to the other.Tony had just been dragged back into the room after being waterboarded for an hour and was thrown unceremoniously to the damp concrete floor. Tony’s vision swam as he tried to get his bearings. Everything hurt and he felt dizzy, but he tried to focus on the room in an attempt to get himself grounded. The walls and floor were the same putrid colour of grey concrete. There were no windows nor any furnishings at all. No blankets, pillows, mirrors. Nothing other than a bucket in the corner for waste. The door was eight inches thick and neither Tony nor Barnes had any way to open it. The only light in the room came from a few dim pot lights embedded in the ceiling. There was no way for Tony to get at them and use the components inside to make anything useful to escape. The ceiling was about 15 feet up. There was no way of reaching that.Seemed like HYDRA knew better than to let Tony near any kind of well… anything.  It took Tony a while to get himself back under control and sitting up. He could feel Barnes’s eyes on him as he pulled himself over to the wall so that he could slouch against it. Tony didn’t look at him. He just stared at the wall as his mind sat blank.“What did they do to you?” asked Barnes as he broke the tense silence that had covered the room like ash. Tony just sat there a moment longer before he answered. He wasn’t happy being stuck in a room with his mother’s murderer, even though he’d been brainwashed at the time. But there was nobody else to talk too and if they wanted to escape they needed to work together.  “Waterboarding. Not my first time…” sighed Tony as his head fell to his bent knees. He was just so tired.“What else?” asked Barnes. Tony guessed that as the resident HYDRA torture exper,t Barnes was trying to figure out what was going on so he could do something.  “They… They injected me with something when I got here… Probably a serum. Know they have some of that…” breathed out Tony. After seeing the video in the bunker, Tony knew that HYDRA had some serum that Howard had made. The fact that his chest was no longer smashed in and he wasn’t dead spoke to the fact that he must have been injected with something.  “The chair?” asked Barnes and Tony felt a shiver run through his body. He knew all about the chair. A man who Tony didn’t know the name of had threatened him with it a day after he’d been injected with the supposed serum. He must have been a higher-up HYDRA official because everyone else in the area obeyed him without question.“Not yet. No doubt they will though.”They two returned to silence after that. Tony ended up curling into a ball on the ground to try and stay warm as he fell into an uneasy sleep. Barnes stayed awake. He kept his eyes trained to the door, his instincts yelling at him to protect the Omega he was trapped with.Tony woke a few hours later when their food was dropped off. They were given a literal bucket of water and a dog dish filled with some kind of slop. They were being treated like animals. Hell, Tony wouldn’t even treat an animal like this! He’d had a pet fish as a little kid that he’d spoiled rotten. Well, spoiled for a fish.The two ate in silence as they picked at the barely palatable gruel in front of them. The only reason they even
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Mpreg
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Rape/Non-con Elements
Torture
Graphic Violence
HYDRA are assholes
Memory Suppressing Machine | The Chair (Marvel)
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Bucky Barnes
making amends
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Sick Tony Stark
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Steve critical
DO NOT COPY
Anxious Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Team Cap Critical
Civil War Team Iron Man
not wanda maximoff friendly
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

