Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
“Hey.”Peter prised open his eyes. “Dad? Is it morning already?”He felt the bed dip under his dad’s weight when the man sat on the bed next to him. “Nah, kiddo. It’s the middle of the night.”“Something wrong?” he rasped, turning on his side to look at the clock on his bedside table. The faint blue numbers read 2:43am.“Not exactly. But I’ve got a mission.”“Oh. Okay.” Peter wasn’t quite sure why his dad had woken him then. “You gotta go?”Tony sighed. “Yeah, baby. But I promised I’d drive you to your field trip today.”“It’s okay,” Peter told him, snuggling back under the covers and gazing blearily up at his father. “It happens. Is Happy going to drive me instead?”Tony hummed; there was something unreadable in his eyes, but then, maybe that was just the dim light of his bedroom. “Nah, it’s Happy’s day off. I called Ben and he’s happy to come get you. I just didn’t want to go without telling you where I was off to.”“Okay,” Peter said through a yawn. “You have to be safe.”“I’m always safe,” his dad said, grinning wickedly. “Okay, baby. Daddy loves you. Enjoy your field trip and I’ll be back as soon as I can.” He kissed Peter on each cheek and once on his forehead, gave him a love pat on the side of the face and, getting off the bed, pulled the covers up. With another ‘love you,’ he was gone.Peter turned on his side and snuggled into the fleece sheets. He sighed once and was out like a light.It was the smell of breakfast cooking that woke Peter next. He looked over at the clock. In two minutes time, the alarm would go off. Not wanting it blaring at him, he rolled over to the side of the bed and switched it off with a minute to spare.He could hear Ben singing off in the kitchen and he grinned. Ben was a better cook than his dad and if he was in the kitchen, that probably meant that he’d have a decent breakfast for once. He scrambled through his morning routine, impatiently styling his curls back so they didn’t look so awful. He was going to have to talk to his dad, there had to be a better way to style his hair than this…He was halfway to the kitchen before he realized what an opportunity this was. Turning around, he skidded down the hall and ducked into his dad’s room, rifling through the hangers of clothing until he found it. His dad’s Hotel California sweatshirt. Snagging it, he scrambled into the sweatshirt, smelling the mix of his dad’s cologne and motor oil.“Hey, Ben,” he chirped, coming into the kitchen.“Hey, bubba. Does your dad know you stole that?” Ben’s voice was rich with amusement.Peter gave him his best innocent look. “Stole? I’m borrowing it. Got to keep it in game condition.” He scrambled into one of the bar stools. “What’s for breakfast?” he asked, purposefully changing the topic.“Panfries, eggs, fruit. May said to tell you ‘hi,’ by the way. Gotta eat fast, kid, we have to leave soon.”“I’ll take it in the car with me!”“Can’t hurt the car, I guess,” Ben said amiably and grabbing his keys, he followed his nephew down to the garage.Peter wolfed down the food as they got on the interstate, heading for the science conference. In between bites he told Ben about the different exhibits they were going to see and what he thought they should be focusing on (biomedical engineering) and Ben told him in some detail, his plans to surprise May on a date that night.Peter was only half listening. When Ned and he had found out Michelle wasn’t coming because she couldn’t pay the admission fee, they had ‘arranged’ for it to be paid through a scholarship opportunity from the school. In other words, he had asked his dad to pay for it. So Michelle was going to be there and he liked her and wanted to be friends, but also found her a bit scary…“Pete? Pete. Hey, Pete.” Ben snapped his fingers right next to Peter’s ear and he jumped, coming out of his reverie. Oh. They were there.“How long were you doing that?”“Ten to fifteen minutes,” Ben said promptly and Peter laughed, hoping his uncle was joking. “Thinking about girls?”“No!”“Thinking about biomedical engineering?”Peter laughed at Ben’s corny joke. “Yeah, that. You’re coming to pick me up?” With his uncle’s nod, he pushed out of the car and leaned back in before Ben could pull away. “Thanks, Ben! See you soon.”“No problem, kid.”Peter wandered over to where his class was slowly forming outside the convention center. He picked Ned out immediately; making a beeline for his friend, he exchanged the new handshake they’d been working on. He could see Michelle reading her book on the steps, a little apart from the group and just when he was thinking that maybe they should go over and ask if she wanted company, their teacher whistled and gathered them together.He was barely listening while Mr. Harrison went over the rules, impatiently bouncing on his heels as he glanced at the building before them. Companies had come from all over the world to bring their scientific advancements here for this presentation; he knew that Stark Industries was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Ben Parker/May Parker
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Ben Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Bisexual Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
May Parker and Tony Stark are Siblings
Protective Tony Stark
Pining
Pre-Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Ben Parker/May Parker
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Ben Parker & Tony Stark

