Work Text:
  Blinking against the pain, he brought his hand up to touch the throbbing pain in his temple. He flinched at the pads of his finger touched the tender spot, white lights flashing across his vision. It cleared and he found himself staring at the dirty brick walls of an alley. His stomach rolled at the stench surrounding him and bile crept up his throat. Where was he? Who was he? He couldn’t remember. Did he have a name? He must have. Everyone had a name so he must have one. What was it? How could he forget his own name? Whimpering, he heaved himself up from where he was sitting against a damp brick wall. He used the larger dumpster to steady himself, his vision swaying and legs feeling like jelly. Carefully he stepped away from the dumpster, relieved that he could stand on his own. As he headed down the alley way, he wondered how long he had been there. He tried to think of what he had been doing before but it made his head ache so he stopped. He stepped out onto the street, blinking at the light. It sent a piercing, sharp stab through his left temple. His mouth filled with something thick and slimly and he struggled to swallow it down. The pain brought tears to his eyes and he squeezed them shut. Wherever he was it was loud. Each honking car horn vibrated through his very soul and he could feel the rumble of each car that went pass all the way from his feet to the top of his aching head. Someone passing by jostled him, nearly sending him sprawling. Looking around, he started walking in a direction. Each person that passed him gave him a funny look, giving him a wide berth. He didn’t understand until he caught his reflection in a store window. He blinked at the face staring at back at him. He was young, a teenager (he knew that much) and he was covered in blood. It ran down his left temple (and that explained the pain he was feeling) down his neck and soaked the collar and shoulder of the t-shirt he wore. Flecks of blood smattered across science pun that was printed on the shirt. What had happened to him? “Excuse me?” he asked, trying to grab the attention of the closest person passing by. They looked at him, eyes widening before averting their gaze and speed walking off. A whimper escaped his lips. What was he going to do? He had no idea where he was or who he was or why he was covered in blood. What the hell had happened and why could he not remember?  “Boss,” FRIDAY Irish lilt came over the speakers. “Facial recognition had picked up a potential match for Peter Parker.” Tony’s head snapped up from one of the computers he had been staring at, going through security footage. It was Tuesday when he had gotten a panicked call from May Parker, asking if he had seen Peter. The kid had never showed up after school when he promised he would be straight home. It was not like Peter to change his plans without telling May and it was hard not to worry. That was the last anyone had heard from him and the panic had set in. Tony’s heart had sunken in his chest as he found no trace of Peter anywhere. The spider suit wasn’t active, tracker putting the suit at his home in Queens, May even confirming that it was stuffed in his closet. It was not like Peter to just vanish into thin air and Tony’s mind was fearing the worst. “Show me,” Tony demanded, bringing up a new screen. FRIDAY illuminated the screen with a security camera footage. It was a street, over-looking a restaurant. Huddled by the window was a small figure and one that made Tony’s heart tumble in his chest. It was Peter. “Where is that?” Tony choked out. “Downtown New York,” FRIDAY responded. “This is a live feed.” “Keep tracking him. Let me know if he moves,” Tony instructed as he leapt to his feet, heading to the door. “Call Helen and Strange, get them here ASAP.” “On it, Boss,” FRIDAY responded. Tony broke into a sprint, heading straight to the elevator. He had found him. They had found Peter. He felt as if he could throw up with relief. Picking the fastest car he owned, Tony roared the car into the life and sped towards where Peter was last seen. Driving recklessly, weaving in and out of the traffic, Tony raced his way towards the kid. With a stroke of luck, Peter hadn’t ventured from the restaurant and Tony parked in the closest space he could. Leaping out of the car, he ran down the street towards Peter. “Peter! Peter!” Tony called as he got closer, but the kid didn’t react. In fact, the kid didn’t move until Tony touched his shoulder, whirling him around. Tony’s stomach rolled. Blood coated the kid’s temple and hair, standing out against his pale skin. His looked so young and it Tony’s heart clenched at the fear in his eyes. “Peter!” Tony gasped, hand hovering over the blood, eyes wide. “Shit kid, are you okay? What happened? Where have you been?” “Peter?” the kid repeated, eyes wide. “Is that my name? Do you know me?” Tony almost reeled back at the question. “I – yes, you’re name’s Peter.” The kid looked so relieved that Tony eyes flickered to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Peter Parker Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Missing Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has a Bad Day
Temporary Amnesia
Worried Tony Stark
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro
helen cho is a good bro
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

