Chapter 1





Chapter Text

I was in a pretty bad mood today. Scratch that- I was in a terrible mood today.
 
I had been out late on patrol last night and was therefore really tired. Not that that could be help, because crime doesn’t rest and someone needs to be there when that happens. Besides, it was all worth it when I saved a little girl from a burning building. Tony definitely hadn’t been too happy when I came swinging in with soot marks on my suit, but he seemed more worried about the burns on my hands than anything. Which was fine, since they heal fast anyways. 
 
Even though it was worth it to save that little girl, I did still wake up completely tired out. It happened a lot when I would not get much sleep, either from patrol or nightmares, but it never really got better. I almost cried when I remembered that it wasn’t the weekend yet and I had school that day. 
 
My day didn’t get any better either when I woke up to see that my mentor/kinda-my-adopted-dad wasn’t there anymore. I frowned as I walked over to the kitchen where a note was propped up from Tony. ‘

Gone to get a friend. Be back tonight. Churros on the counter. -T’ 

It was next to a box of half eaten churros. 
 
It had been almost a year ago that May had died of a sudden heart attack, but it still felt like yesterday. She had died suddenly while I was at school. She had been working at the hospital when it happened, which I guess was good because it at least gave her a little more time. I remembered getting the call and panicking. I swung to the hospital, not caring who saw me as Spiderman. No one did anyway, but I don’t think I would care even now. She died that night. 
 
May was my last living relative, and that only meant one thing. Foster care. Or at least, I would have been in foster care if it weren’t for Tony who had swooped in and taken me in the same night she died. It’s so hard to think that it was almost a year ago. Tony had been the missing father figure in my life after my own dad and then Ben, and him adopting me was just the last step to make it official. I still missed May, though. And Ben, and my parents. I missed them everyday, but at least I had Tony and my family in the Avengers. 
 
I munched on my churro while I got ready. I threw on my favourite science pun shirt and then put on a simple pair of jeans. It was cold outside recently since it was November already in New York, so I also grabbed my coat too. 
 
I hate the subway, but since Tony was gone with Happy, it was my only choice. That, for one, did nothing for my mood. 
 
School was as horrible as ever, only today was just more unbearable than it usually was. Apparently Flash Thompson, otherwise known as the boy who had made it his personal mission to create my school life as hard as possible, had woken up and chosen violence. It wasn’t an unusual choice. He chose violence a lot, actually. Especially when it came to me. 
 
I had gym class today, which is kind of Flash’s favourite time to pick on me, since it’s when there are barely any teachers around. I say barely because our gym teacher, Mr Wilson, isn’t much of a teacher anyway. He’s more of a supervisor to make sure everyone does what he wants with no regard of what goes on with his students. All he cares about is torturing us with physical education. Gross. 
 
Anyway, back to Flash. Today he had come up with the great idea of trying to trip me in gym class by running right behind me while we did our laps. I can’t use my powers out in the open, so since I could never run fast before the spider bite, I can’t run fast anymore. Flash had been running right behind me, stepping on my heels and trying to trip me the entire time. Pretty soon, he had all his friends doing the same. It was only a matter of time before they succeeded and I skidded as I tripped and fell onto the hard, cold gym floor. 
 
Flash had cackled, his eyes sparkling in a way they only did after I had made a fool of myself. “See ya later, Penis,” he called, before continuing to run along, his friends chortling as they ran along with him, laughing and looking back at me like it was the funniest thing ever. 
 
Ned had then helped me to my feet and the two of us had left the gym class, shooting Mr Wilson a lame excuse about needing a bandaid or something before hurrying out. 
 
I felt everyone’s gazes on my back as we did, my cheeks going pink from embarrassment. I didn’t go back to the gym for the remainder of my class. 
 
However, my bad start to the day didn’t end there. My teachers had also decided that today was Make-Peter-Miserable day and had assigned us all the work they could think of. Even Physics, which is pretty much 

my 

subject was bad. It was just so much work and I was exhausted. The only blessing of the day was that there wasn’t any Decathlon after school, which meant that I wouldn’t have to see the eccentric Mr Harrington today. I don’t think I would have been able to handle it if I did see him. He wasn’t a bad teacher, he was ju
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Bisexual Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker
Protective Harley Keener
Harley Keener Needs a Hug
Gay Harley Keener
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Slight Stony Mentions
Lesbian Michelle Jones
Gay Male Character
Homophobic Language
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Bullied Peter Parker
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Lovers
Falling In Love
Identity Reveal
Panic Attacks
Nightmares
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Boyfriends
POV First Person
My First Work in This Fandom
Depression
Anxiety
Bullies
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Slow Burn
I Love You 3000 Writing Challenge
Nonbinary Michelle Jones
Top Harley Keener
Torture
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Uncle Happy Hogan
Protective Avengers
Avengers are protective of Peter
bc he’s their baby spider
Harley Keener Being An Asshole
Self-Esteem Issues
Self-Hatred

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

