Chapter 1: Hey Asshole
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Throwing a punch, Matt felt the crunch of the woman’s nose and heard her hit the ground. Taking a moment to catch his breath, Matt listened around him. The four gang members he’d been fighting laid on the floor in front of him. None of them sounded like they were getting back up anytime soon, but there was someone nearby. If it was a witness, it didn’t matter. Matt would be gone before the police arrive, and his mask hid his identity. Whoever was nearby couldn’t have been with the four, so Matt rolled his shoulders before making his way up the sides of the building and back onto the roof.On the roof, Matt heard an unnaturally fast heartbeat before the owner of said heartbeat said, “Whoa man that was so cool! I heard some fighting nearby and was like ‘oh no someone’s getting beat on’ and then I saw you in there. That was awesome. You took out four guys on your own in the dark! I heard about the Devil of Hell’s Kitchen before, but this is so cool.”Matt scowled at the speaker. Whoever was talking to him had to be young. His heartbeat was fast, but he didn’t smell like adrenaline. Matt stayed half turned away from the person, closed off. He wasn’t interested in chatting with some reckless kid.“Go home, kid,” Matt growled, dipping into what Karen and Foggy liked to call his ‘Devil voice.’The kid made a squawking noise. “I’m- I’m not a kid! I’m, you know, Spider-Man.” His voice wavered at the last part, like even he knew how unconvincing that sounded.“Children shouldn’t give out their fake names to strangers.” Matt tried to remember where he’d heard the name Spider-Man before. Maybe something Karen or Foggy mentioned? The name rang a bell, but he couldn’t place it.“I’m not a kid! I’m a hero, like you.” At least this time the kid sounded surer. “I’m not a hero,” Matt snapped back. “And you’re too young to play at one. Leave that shit to the Avengers and go home before you can’t anymore.”The kid huffed and crossed his arms. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, man. I’m not a kid, but if you’re that territorial, I’ll leave. Just thought it was cool how you took those guys down and wanted to chat. I was in the area and thought someone needed help.”That got Matt’s attention. This kid was, apparently, running around, calling himself a hero, and was actively seeking out trouble. Suddenly, he felt a much larger need to get this kid to stop whatever he thought he was doing. The kid would get himself killed. How long had he even been around doing this? Matt wished he’d paid more attention to his coworkers’ rambling about the newest vigilante of New York City.“You’re going to get yourself killed.” Matt took a step towards the kid, doing his best to look as intimidating as possible. He didn’t intend to fight the kid, didn’t want to lay a finger on him, but Matt wanted to make it very clear the kind of danger the kid could get into. “Quit playing pretend hero, go home to your mother, and forget about all of this. You’re what? 16? 15? Maybe you know how to fight, maybe you’ve got some superpower, but you’ll get yourself or people you care about killed anyway. Give it up, Spider-Man and if you won’t, get out of my city. We don’t need more fool’s blood spilled here.”The kid stepped back for every step forward Matt took. His heartbeat had gotten even faster, and Matt wondered if he should feel bad for scaring a teenager. That worry didn’t come to fruition as the kid found his voice again. “Fine, fine, I’ll leave! I just wanted to ask where you learned to fight like that, but message clear, stay out of Hell’s Kitchen.”“No, message not clear. Quit playing hero.”“Yeah, yeah sure man. I’ll go home to my mother,” Matt did not like the emphasis on that word. “and listen to the random growling stranger about whether or not I should do things I’m going to do regardless. Bye! Nice to meet you!”Matt stopped moving when he heard the kid take a running leap off the building. His heart caught before hearing a ‘thwip’ sound and well, the absence of a body hitting the ground. Matt listened until he couldn’t hear the quick heartbeat anymore. Once the heartbeat faded away, Matt turned to listen around the Kitchen. Nothing seemed to be coming up, and Matt assumed it was getting pretty late. Some part of him wondered if he should’ve tried to talk to the kid more, maybe in a calmer way. Matt knew he should have tried, but the idea of a kid running around doing what he was doing, it made anger curl around his chest and squeeze tight.Tomorrow Matt would ask Foggy what he knew about Spider-Man.--------------------“Matt, I can hear you doing your ‘I’m upset about something, but I’ve somehow convinced myself it’s my fault and instead of talking about it with my two best friends, I’ve resigned myself to moody brooding until I can find a criminal to beat on’ scowl.” Foggy leaned against the side of Matt’s desk as he spoke.Matt neglected p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Season/Series 03
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Mentorship
Identity Reveal
Instead of Tony Stark finding Spider-Man Daredevil finds him
Foggy Nelson Is a Good Bro
Bonding over Tragic Backstories
Gunshot Wounds
Training Montage
Panic Attacks
Human Disaster Matt Murdock
how is he still alive
Human Disaster Peter Parker
Like father like son
Matt Murdock's Anger Issues

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Peter Parker

