Work Text:
They found Loki in an abandoned warehouse.  It had been months since they'd seen him last, and Thor somehow sensed that something was wrong.  When he saw Loki's body lying half-covered by rubble and dust, none of his friends could stop him from rushing to his side.Legs and arms akimbo, head bent at an angle, Loki looked like a doll thrown carelessly aside by some cruel child."Don't move him - there could be spinal injuries," Steve called out to Thor, who didn't hear him.Thor brushed away the debris, and finding no blood or obvious wounds, he took Loki's shoulders and shook him."Loki!"Loki didn't respond - his head lolled and his limbs were utterly slack.  Thor gently lowered him back to the ground.Thor stared at his brother.  Took his hand and cradled it in his own.  Now his friends had arrived, and stood around him."His flesh is cold," Thor told them."But look - he's breathing," Tony pointed out.  Only his enhanced vision would have caught it - Thor couldn't even feel anything when he placed his hand under Loki's nose.  But Thor wasn't ready to believe Loki was dead just yet."If he's breathing, he must be sleeping," Thor surmised.When they brought him to a hospital, they found this to be so.~~~The prognosis turned out to be magical sleep. Doctor Strange confirmed that the spell was cast by the other occupant of the warehouse - Xandu, a warlock who apparently had died by being pierced with several huge icicles.  Loki's choice of company had never been very wise.  It looked like his latest partnership had ended rather badly.With Xandu dead, they couldn't tell which spell had caused his magical slumber, and so Doctor Strange was unable to wake him.  Unfortunately, the best technology in the world couldn't cure him either."We could try kissing him," Tony threw out."Yes, you could," suggested Doctor Strange with a straight face.  When he noticed Tony's raised eyebrow, he explained, "The 'slumber until love's true kiss' spell, though clichéd, is actually quite simple and extremely effective.  Few people have a 'true love' close at hand to break it.  In Loki's case, if this curse was used, it might never be lifted."A moment passed while they all digested this."Tony, I'd like you to kiss my brother," stated Thor in a tone that meant it wasn't a suggestion."Why in the world would I be Loki's true love?""My brother can be...contrary in his desires.  He always craved the strong and the heroic, men and women both.  I'd say anyone in this room might be a candidate."The rest of the Avengers looked about ready to head for the door, but Thor stepped over to block it, crossing his mighty arms."It costs us nothing to try this -""Except our dignity," quipped Clint."- it costs very little to try this, and it would mean the world to me if my brother were to wake up.  Villain that he is, I don't wish to see him spend the rest of his days in slumber.""You have to admit he is cuter this way," observed Natasha with a smirk.  "I'll kiss him if you like." And so she kissed him with a softness that the others (except possibly Clint) hadn't believed her capable of.  But Loki didn't wake up.  With a shrug, Natasha stepped away, and took a place nearby to watch if anyone else tried.At Thor's insistence, one by one, the rest followed suit.  Though Clint gave him a quick, precise peck, Tony kissed him longer than was probably necessary.  Bruce kissed him with his eyes screwed shut.  Steve kissed him as he would an elderly aunt.  Doctor Strange only knew Loki by reputation, and so was allowed to abstain.That left only Thor.   His heart heavy with the knowledge that he was the most unlikely choice, he nonetheless bent over dutifully to give his brother a kiss.Loki's eyes fluttered, then opened halfway, then closed again.No one knew quite what to say."It would seem love is indeed the cure - but not brotherly love," Doctor Strange concluded after a few moment's silence.Steve gave Thor a comforting pat on the shoulder.  Nobody held any hope that Loki would wake anytime soon.~~~Months passed. Loki's condition didn't change. Coulson carefully informed Thor that SHIELD was concerned about the resources being spent actively monitoring an enemy who may not wake up - he avoided the word corpse - and wondered if Loki might be moved to a more suitable location than their high-security hospital. Envisioning endless shelves of cold wooden boxes, Thor objected to the long-term storage facility.So, they set up a space in the extra bedroom of his quarters in the Avengers mansion, attaching a device to Loki's wrist that would alert them if his pulse quickened. Loki needed no other medical attention. His magical cursed ensured that he didn't even need to eat.When the medics arrived with a stretcher, Thor waved them away. Tenderly, he lifted his brother in his arms and carried him all the way home.The room had been carefully prepared to receive Loki. The curtains were soft enough to let in the evening light, just the way he liked it. The bed coverle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Somnophilia

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

