Work Text:
Darcy's owned the taser about four years, so it's not like the big bad world is a surprise.But then she came to the desert. And the big bad universe? Okay, yes, that wasn't something she'd counted on. Stars are shiny, really complicated when you're actually digging into them (or Jane is, and you're holding the bucket), and waaaaay up there. Until stuff falls out of them and into your life. Then you come to grips with the fact that you can put the god of thunder on his ass, but enormous metal guys who spew exploding fire are more than likely only the start of what you can't take down.To say that's a perspective shifter is a definition of "understatement" that Webster will never get.Still, it's not like that kind of thing is going to happen every day, right?"So much extra credit," Darcy hisses at Jane, because it needs to be said, but anything louder would definitely get the attention of the two tall, dark and wolf-like guys down there in the lab. It's too bad the ladder to the roof isn't one of those self-retracting fire escape ones. Of course, these things can probably jump over small buildings or something, and SHIELD still hasn't agreed to turn her phone into a taser. That's in her bag, which is in the drawer, which is right behind Thing 2. So this officially sucks.Jane just shushes her, then winces, hard, as Thing 1 lifts their largest photometer, peers at it, and chucks it over its shoulder. "Damn it," she mutters, moving back from the hatch and jabbing at the device in her hand another few times."Seriously, did they give us one with bad batteries? Can we get our taxes back?"The look she gets for that really was called for. She shrugs. But instead of responding, Jane leans to the side, her eyes narrowing.Darcy freezes. What? she mouths.Jane looks uncertain enough that Darcy dares to turn slowly toward the town behind them. Most everything is still under repair from when fire-spewing metal guy dropped by, which does a pretty good job of obscuring the dark blob moving quickly from packed sand to smooth street. From up on the roof, though, it's soon easy to tell that it's one of those black SUVs, and just as obvious that it isn't a battalion. It had better not only be Coulson and his government-sanctioned sarcasm.The truck stops a block away, and a guy gets out and starts running low and fast along the line of buildings. No one comes out after him. Darcy checks, a couple of times.Jane's mouth is open, looking as confused as Darcy feels, which is not comforting at all. Then the guy ducks around to the left and reaches to take something off his back that turns into a—"Bow and arrow?" Darcy pulls her phone back out of her pocket, but it's too late to snap a picture for confirmation, he's already out of sight. "Oh my god," she says, "SHIELD sent us Robin Hood."A high giggle escapes Jane before she slaps a hand over her mouth.Then there's a bellow, and they both jump. A crash makes Jane close her eyes with a pained expression, and the arm Darcy puts around her is only partly for comfort—using it to get them as far away from the hatch as possible also sounds like a good idea. A human (maybe) shout from the other side of the lab leads to another bellow, and then a howl of pain that cuts off suspiciously short. Darcy decides right then that there is nothing they could pay her that would compensate for cleaning the lab after this. That's what top-secret flunkies are for.There's silence for just long enough that Darcy takes hold of one of the chairs, ready to start swinging at anything. Jane's face goes serious and she's reaching for the other when a voice calls out, "Friendly! Coming up!"Darcy keeps the chair, but the head that appears at the hatch is entirely human, and Jane immediately runs toward it."They're...?"He pulls himself up fully onto the roof with arms almost as impressive as Thor's, which is enough to be distracting. "Handled, yes, ma'am.""'Handled,'" Darcy says. The guy quirks an eyebrow at her, then glances at her grip on the chair and both eyebrows rise. She calmly lets go of it and tugs her sweater back into its proper position.Jane clearly doesn't care what exactly "handled" means. She slips around him and starts down the ladder, and he turns toward her with one hand up, warning, "I wouldn't go—""It's the only way down," she says without stopping.He grimaces with an audible sigh."She'll be more disturbed by whatever they broke," Darcy tells him. "And jumping off the roof really isn't an option. Tom tried it once. Messy. Loud."The hand he brings up to cover his cough doesn't quite hide the way his mouth curled. Reluctantly intrigued by the continued hints of human behavior, Darcy looks at him more closely, ignoring the sounds of irritated distress filtering up from below."Soooo, are you Robin Hood? I understand dropping the green—the black works—but where's the hat? And the tights?"He blinks, then scrubs a hand through his short hair. "Ah, no. And please don't ever suggest that to them.""
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Misses Clause Challenge

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

