Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Summary:

This is just to set up the story, none of the main characters will appear here, but some of the people/places/organisations we'll meet later are referenced.



Notes:
Back with a new one, babes! This is just a brief intro, and then the story takes off next chapter. I will also have a thorough explanation of this fic and what to expect in the next chapter notes, it should be posted in a couple of days. Enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The paper is breathless
Under the hand,
And the pencil is poised
Like a warlock's wand.
— Mervyn Peake, The Glassblowers
Somewhere at the periphery of Geneva stood a fairly old motel, a small building renovated over the decades from someone’s home into a cheap residence for tourists — at least, cheaper than anything downtown. It didn’t exactly have a bad reputation, if any, but it did occasionally shelter activities that belonged at the edge of town and society, which over time engendered in its owners a blind eye, a bent back, and a strong stomach.
A man walks in at fifteen minutes past midnight one spring evening — rather late, but he's a regular so nobody minds. Nobody's around to even notice, except the tired old concierge at the front desk who greets him with the polite indifference of any other day.
Shaking the rain off his coat, the man goes to the front desk with a quiet step. He was a tired old gentleman with what would have been a thin frame save for a slight paunch, not helped at all by his bad posture. All things considered, he had a quiet mediocrity about him. The colours of his jacket and matching trousers, his felt hat, his shoes, were all muted and discoloured with age to the point where they could look like anything, depending on the light.
The sleepy concierge greeted him with a nod, a smile in his eyes if not his mouth, and reached under the desk to pick something up.
"This what you were expecting?" he muttered as he slipped him a plain envelope.
"Yes, I think so." the man said as he held and turned it over, to see it hadn't been opened. "Thank you… Good night."
He wouldn't open it until he was in his room, door locked, a few dim lights turned on. The building across the street, too close to allow a nice view but far enough away for privacy, did the rest of the illumination.
He sank into the armchair, toed his shoes off, then fingered the envelope open to study its insides. There was only a postcard, not made out for any special occasion but featuring an old European town, a little poem in German printed on the side, and the image of a Pied Piper in fancy dress herding a sea of brown mice toward the reader.
On it, a message written in thin pencil: "Contact the Cabinet via magnolia on the heterodyne. Direct all queries to QJ/HARC via valerian."
He checked the time on his wrist watch: 40 minutes yet to go until magnolia.
The man got up to put his things away and make a cup of tea to pass the time. There weren’t many other tenants in the building with him, but nevertheless he moved gently, the clink of porcelain cups and saucers the only sounds.
He enjoyed the hot tea with a cigarette, then prepared the desk with all the necessities: his glasses, a pen, and the little sheets of paper like scorecards to help decode the message. He sat down, and had to wait just five minutes next to the buzzing radio when a song started breaking through the static: a lonely flute drifting on the air to signal the beginning of the transmission. Then, melody fading out, the warm voice of a woman recited in a familiar monotone:

"This is the Cabinet. We are in the 185th day of observance, and we thank you for your continued support. The forecast for the month of poplar is 10 dogsummer nights in ADCREDO. Please stand by for further details."


"Of interest are, transmitting: one minus zero two one two three slash four one five. Three slash four two plus zero minus minus minus three six eight one slash two. Eight seven two minus two plus plus nine eight two six three minus one slash three. Seven minus zero minus one plus two four six four four eight four slash zero seven three. Terminus."


"Expect umbrage from lowerGRIT. Belisarius will be attended by Lion's Paw. Kindly follow the second and third trivium and the second quadrivium. Third quadrivium to be avoided. See QH/BERGEN in Ares Port for reference. We are indebted to our friends in upperGRIT for their guidance but please expect no material support at this time. Send for Hamelin."





Notes:

I know nothing happened here and it was short and boring, but if you want to get a glimpse of what to expect you could have a look at the Masterlist on tumblr, and (if you haven't read them already) two rough previews of chapters 11 and 12 (those are just parts of the chapters, and they're not particularly spoilery imo, so you can read them if you're really really curious; if not, just wait 😘)
And yes, the weird message DOES have a meaning (ex
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Undercover Missions
Undercover as a Couple
Undercover as Married
Angst
Fluff
Smut
Hurt/Comfort
Masturbation
Pining
Jealousy
Unrequited Love
Dirty Talk
Light Bondage
Forced Marriage
Vaginal Sex
Frottage
Cock Warming
Breeding Kink
Impregnation Kink
Slow Burn
Wife taming
Gentle Kissing
Premature Ejaculation
Protective Bucky Barnes
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Dom/sub Undertones
Sexual Content
Love
Romance
Falling In Love
Bucky Barnes Feels
Body Worship
Homesickness
Cuddling
Loss of Virginity
Purity Kink
Virginity
First Kiss
Sexual Tension
Lingerie
Avoidant Attachment Style
Very European
Porn with Feelings
Emotional Sex
Soft Bucky Barnes
Dark Bucky Barnes
Explicit Sexual Content
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Secret Identity
Spies & Secret Agents
Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Sharing a Bed
Teamwork
First Time
Worldbuilding

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

