Work Text:
Steve knows that he screwed up. It wasn’t his intention for things to blow up the way they did. And he certainly hadn’t meant to leave things as bad as they were for so long. He had been shocked, but not surprised, when word had reached him, that Tony Stark had adjusted the accords and his status, along with the others, so that they were no longer war criminals. Tony, after all he had done to him, had brought them home. He had welcomed them back into the Compound and had given them all their old rooms back. Nothing had changed. Except everything had. It had taken months for Tony to be in the same room as him for longer than ten minutes and it was never just the two of them. Tony kept his distance and Steve tried his best to respect that. The constant distance between them was starting to drive Steve mad though and he needed to patch things up between them. He wanted the team to be as they once had and that meant mending the rift between them. The opportunity arose in a way that Steve wasn’t expecting. It had been nearing midnight one night when Tony came flying in his Iron Man suit, cradling a familiar red and blue spandex figure in his arms. Spider-Man wasn’t moving. “Tony?” Steve questioned, hurrying over with Natasha and Sam hot on his heels. “FRIDAY, where is Helen?” Tony barked, ignoring them as his armour retracted around him, Spider-Man still cradled in his arms. “She’s in the Med Bay boss, waiting,” FRIDAY supplied. “Tony, what happened?” Natasha asked, keeping stride with the pace Tony had set. “What happened was the kid decided to go ahead and do exactly what I told him not to,” Tony snapped. Steve was taken aback by the amount of worry that was bleeding off Tony. Spider-Man was still a mystery to them all and one they hadn’t heard about science the incident in Germany. As Steve trailed after them towards the Med-Bay, he wondered how close Tony had gotten with the superhero while they had been on the run. Helen had taken the vigilante and banished Tony to the hallway while she took care of him. It was a couple of hours, Steve waiting silently in the hallway why Tony paced up and down, muttering under his breath about how much trouble the kid was going to get him in with his Aunt, when Helen finally came out. “He’s going to be fine,” Helen smiled at Tony. “He’s awake and said you’re allowed in if you look about a six on the angry scale.” She made a point of looking him up and down with a grin. “I’d say you’re about a five.” Tony snorted, shaking his head. “This kid. Thanks Helen.” “Anything for my favourite super-powered teenager,” Helen nodded. “Go on, Peter’s waiting for you.” Tony nodded, disappearing into the room without a backwards glance.   Through the door Steve could hear the two talking. “Heeeyyy Mr. Stark. Look! M’okay.” “Hey kiddo,” Tony said, and Steve was taken aback at how soft Tony’s tone was. “Yeah, you’re going to be alright.” “m’Sorry I got hurt,” Peter slurred. “Did I get him?” “Yeah, you got him,” Tony sighed. “And gave me a heart attack in the process.” “I did?” Peter gasped. “But your heart is still beating.” “Metaphorical heart attack kid,” Tony said. It was that night that Steve learnt that Spider-Man was a fifteen-year-old from Queen’s who loved with his Aunt. He was also the way to repairing his relationship with Tony.  As the months went by, Peter became a more frequent sight around the Compound which meant that Tony was around more. Peter was a whirlwind of energy that brought a freshness to the group they hadn’t seen in a long time. He quickly won over all the Avengers who looked forward to his visits. Steve, however, wasn’t convinced. On one of Peter’s visits, he over-heard a conversation that had him suspicious. Steve had been on his way back to the gym when he heard Peter’s voice coming from one of the empty rooms. “Is the Decath meeting still on tonight?” Steve paused, creeping closer. He couldn’t hear the other voice and assumed that Peter was talking to someone on a phone. “Don’t worry, I’ll be there. I’ll just tell them I’m going to a movie.” Steve frowned at this, pursing his lips. Why would Peter lie about where he was going? Unless he didn’t want them to know who he was meeting with? Peter usually prattled about everything and anything that came to his mind and Steve didn’t think he was one to keep secrets. “Oh, I finished it by the way. The blueprints are all mapped out. Once it’s built, it will be unstoppable. They won’t even see it coming. Yeah. Okay, I’ll see you tonight.” As Peter hung up the call, Steve backed away until he was out of sight and listened to Peter exit the room and he towards the communal floor. When he was sure that Peter was gone, Steve headed back to the gym, his mind reeling. What was Decath and what exactly were the blueprints Peter was putting together? Whatever it was, it made Steve uneasy.  Steve continued to hear conversations that were highly suspicious and his concern that Peter wasn’t all that he seemed to be continu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
steve rogers is an idiot
Not Captain America Friendly
Miscommunication
Misunderstandings
Steve Rogers makes Peter Parker Cry
Hurt/Comfort
Minor Injuries
Angst
Some Fluff
Tony is mad at Steve
Steve Rogers screws up
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

