Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text

 August 14th, 1989 
 Most men didn't clean houses for a living. Bucky hadn't anticipated finding himself working under the Red Room Maid services. However, after his family had disowned him, Bucky had no choice but to find a job that would pay for his crummy apartment. He just hadn't expected to find himself in the presence of none other than Peggy Carter. If it wasn’t for Natasha and the job they both worked at, he wouldn't have known about the woman's status. Peggy Carter was a socialite.  A woman who knew how to command a room. Whether it was through her stunning dresses, her signature red lipstick that she always wore, or the fact that her British accent made her stand out from the rest of the women she surrounded herself with.  How the Red Room Maid Service worked was the following:The client needed to have clearance before having a maid working for their services. Whether it's weekly visits, one-time gigs, or having a live-in maid.  Bucky wasn't the only man working as a "maid," or how they put it, houseboy. However, they were low in numbers and much older than Bucky. The problem was Bucky was only used to one-time gigs, when clients needed his services after big parties, events, or when they just needed some freshening up. Bucky wasn't used to having a regular customer every week. So, when Carol had approached him with an opportunity to go for an interview with Peggy Carter for a live-in maid gig, Bucky was a bit confused.   "Why me?"  was the first thing Bucky asked. 
 "Mrs. Carter requested someone young and specifically of the male gender, so here we are," Carol shrugged, handing Bucky the contact information.  
 
 "Really? I just don't understand why she needs someone like me..." 
 
 "Listen, Barnes. It's just a job offer. Live-in services are optional. It's a much bigger responsibility, and I usually only give it to the women looking for it. Still, Mrs. Carter made it very adamant that she only wants a man for the job," Carol said flatly, leaning back into her chair. Bucky stood in front of her awkwardly, unsure what to do with his hands.  
 
 "You just have to go to the interview. It's up to you if you think you're up for it... but I think you should take it." 
 And that's how Bucky was sitting across from Peggy Carter in her living room. He had a cookie in one hand and a cup of tea in the other, which has gone lukewarm. Apparently, Bucky was incapable of asking for sugar and was just silently suffering the bland taste. When he first arrived at Peggy's house, he thought his driver had left the state. The building was an old victorian house with a blue finish. There were no neighboring buildings nearby, just a huge gate surrounding the significant property that made Bucky feel like Audrey Hepburn in Sabrina.  When he had agreed to do the interview with Peggy, Carol had contacted the woman, and in turn, she sent him a driver by his place. He hadn't realized that she lived an hour and a half away from Bucky, and it made him thankful he didn't have to spend his money on a cab or the subway.  He was sitting shell shocked at the beautiful decor that surrounded him as he tried to calm his nerves. Peggy had started off by asking simple questions:  How long have you worked as a maid? Is this a permanent job or something temporary?   and the dreaded question,   tell me about yourself.   The problem was Bucky could tell Peggy had no genuine interest in hearing his responses, cutting him off mid-sentence to ask him another question when his answers satisfied her enough. It was clear she was rushing the interview, which confused Bucky because she was essentially hiring a strange man into her house to live with her. He knew she was married; it was very telling based on her wedding ring, but it's always better to be safe. "You may be wondering why I specifically asked for a man for the job now, aren't you?" Peggy then asked, crossing her legs and showing off her golden ankle bracelet. Bucky just nodded, setting down his cup and adjusting his glasses. She titled her head at him and gave him a toothy grin which made Bucky's stomach turn.  "I'm going to frank with you, James." Peggy starts off, and Bucky quickly snaps out of thought. "I've had some... problems with my past maids. Actually, a lot of my female staff but my recent maid was an issue. Acting wildly inappropriate with my husband and I just can't risk having that problem again," she explains, clearing her throat a little. Still, Bucky could hear the annoyance in her tone, her brows furrowed, and her jaw tightened. There was something there. If Natasha was with him right now, she'd try digging up any kind of dirt about the whole situation so they could gossip about it over some cheap Chinese food.  "Oh... I'm sorry to hear about that," Bucky managed to say, pushing his glasses back up. Peggy gave him another forced smile, and Bucky was beginning to feel uncomfortable. All he did was offer a slight nod before ni
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Not Peggy Carter Friendly
Adultery
Cheating
Secret Relationship
Bearded Steve Rogers
Age Difference
Glasses Bucky Barnes
Steve is married
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Background Relationships
Minor Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Sneaking Around
Rich Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Minor Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Toxic Peggy Carter
80s AU
Houseboy Bucky Barnes
Steve cheats on Peggy with Bucky
Sharing a Bed
Mild Angst
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Smut
Eventual Happy Ending
Shrunkyclunks
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Steve Rogers late 30s
Rude Peggy Carter
Medium Burn
Bucky crushes on his boss hard
Gay Bucky Barnes
POV Bucky Barnes
Past Abuse
long fic
Bucky Barnes late 20s
Written by a gay man

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

