Work Text:
  “Why don’t you stay, Kid,” Sam asked as Peter made his way to the sliding doors of the penthouse. They had just finished a training session and Peter was going to make his way home and start on the homework he promised his Aunt May that was almost finished. Everyone was now spread out across the living room, making themselves comfortable. He paused halfway towards the door, wracking for an excuse as to why he couldn’t stay. “Yeah, stay,” Clint chimed in, kicking his feet up onto the coffee table. “Eat with us, take your mask off, tell us who you are.” He grinned at Peter. Behind his mask, Peter scowled. The Avengers didn’t know that he was a fifteen-year-old kid from Queens, and he was keen to keep it that way. He liked the Avengers and was still star-struck that he got to play super-hero with them, but he knew that none of them would take him being a fifteen-year-old well. Even Tony Stark, the greatest genius of their time, didn’t know who Peter was under the mask. “Clint, leave Underoos alone,” Tony said firmly before taking a swig of his smoothie. Tony was one of the few who never pressured him to reveal who he was. He always invited Peter to every training session and invited Peter to tinker in his lab with him when he found out that Peter could keep up with his science and techno babble. Peter had always looked up to Tony and he had been nearly speechless when Iron Man himself found him on the rooftop and asked him if he was interested in swinging by the tower one day and having a chat. Peter had stuttered out an acceptance and here he was, hanging with the Avengers. It was a dream come true and one Peter often thought he would wake up from one day. If this was a dream, he never wanted it to end. “Alright, alright,” Clint grinned easily. “Later bug boy.” “You’re going to have to tell us who you are one day,” Steve said with a little teasing smile. It was not said un-kindly, nor was it said as a threat, but anger bloomed up in Peter’s chest before he could squash it and before he could stop himself, his mouth was opening. “For a man who has a PSA against bullying, you sure do know how to be one,” Peter snapped. The room instantly went silent instantly and tension begun to suffocate the room.   “Spider-Man?” Steve seemed hesitant. “I don’t have to tell you who I am and every time you try and make me take off my mask, makes me want to keep it on even more,” Peter glared at the Avengers. Steve held up his hands in a peaceful gesture. “Spidey, we were only teasing.” “Yeah. I mean, it’s a little weird you having the mask on all the time,” Clint added. “But I’ve gotten used to it now.” “It makes you feel safe, and I get that,” Sam said. “But you can trust us with your identity.” “Can I?” Peter demanded. “Every time I come over one of you makes a comment about me taking my mask off. The only one who seems to understand is Mr. Stark who never pressures me.” “and I’ve told you all repeatedly to knock it off,” Tony glared at the group. “Underoos identity is his and he can tell us when he’s ready.” “Which will be when?” Natasha asked, eyebrow raised but looking bored of the conversation. “Nat,” Bruce warned, shaking his head. “It’s just a question,” Natasha shrugged. “No, it’s not,” Peter snapped, hands curling into fits by his side. “You say it’s teasing but it’s not! You just have to know who I am. You can’t let me tell you when I’m ready.” “Spider-Man,” Steve said. “We are team. A family. Yes, we want to know who you are because none of us really do and we won’t until you take of the mask.” “Guys, that’s enough,” Tony barked. “Spidey isn’t ready. Respect that.” “You’ll never accept me,” Peter glared at the group. “You really want to know? Then fine! FINE!” It was like his hands had a mind of their own. They reached up, fingers curling as he gripped the mask. His heart thundered in his chest, the only sound he could hear. “Spidey, no you don’t have to-“ Tony started to say but Peter ignored him. Peter stripped the mask from his face, scrunching it up in his fist as he glared at the Avenger’s without a mask for the first time. Nobody said a word. “There! Are you happy now?” Peter demanded, glancing from one hero the next. Everyone except Tony. Peter could not bring himself to look at his mentor, to see the disappointment that was sure to be on his face. No, if Peter was never going to be allowed to come back again then he was not going to have Tony’s shocked, and disappointment seared into his brain. He would only have fond memories. “Holy shit,” Clint muttered. “He’s a child.” “How old are you?” Steve demanded; face having gone very serious. Peter narrowed his eyes. “I may look young, Captain, but don’t forget that I am more than cape able of taking care of myself or did you forget I kicked your ass in training not even an hour ago?” “He’s got you there,” Natasha smirked. “I knew were young, but I was thinking college. Very impressive, Spidey.” Peter tried not to flush under Natasha’s words, but he c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Avengers Family
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Tower
Mad Peter Parker
Peter Parker loses his shit
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Precious Ned Leeds
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Tony Stark and Spider-Man freindship
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Supportive May Parker (Spider-Man)
Supportive Tony Stark
not so supportive Avengers
Teasing
teasing gone wrong
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Avengers mean well
Natasha Romanov Knows Everything

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

