Chapter 1: The App
    


Notes:
I've been informed that this fic was plagiarized and put on Wattpad and promoted on TikTok where I was not credited. This should go without saying, but DO NOT steal ANY of my work. If you see my work posted anywhere other than AO3 and Wattpad, please email me: whoundsss@gmail.com. I work from home and I have all the time in the world. Plagiarists? Fuck around and find out.




Chapter Text
Bucky knows his apartment needs some work — and by work, most people mean furniture, a coat of paint, and some decoration besides the leather jacket he hangs on the wall every night when he comes home. Or the dirty laundry that litters his empty bedroom. He’s used to living with next to nothing. He has a television, one chair in the living room that he’s never sat in, and the appliances that came with his apartment. Sam says it looks like he squatting here; says he needs to actually use the bedroom — and buy an actual bed. Bucky isn’t interested in that. Why buy a bed when he can sleep on the living room floor to be closer to the television? He likes the noise. It drowns out the bullshit rattling around in his head. It makes him feel safe. It’s an alarm, a companion, a friend. Whenever he wakes up in a cold sweat in the middle of the night, it’s always there, humming in the distance.Shit, that is sad.Sam is currently inspecting his kitchen. There isn’t much to it. A couple of bowls, one plate, and one set of cutlery in his cupboards. A bare lightbulb dangles from the ceiling, flickering occasionally. He meant to tell the landlord about it but never got around to it. Bucky is just thankful that the family of roaches living underneath the furnace haven’t made their nightly appearance, scuttling beneath the stove and clinging to the legs of the rickety kitchen table that lingers untouched in the corner of the kitchen. He named them one night.“You’ve gotta get back out there,” Sam says as he opens up Bucky’s fridge and frowns. He straightens and flashes Bucky a dirty look. Bucky shrugs. What did he do now? His fridge is clean. His stove hasn’t been touched since he moved in. There isn’t a crumb on the floor and he scrubbed the grout with a toothbrush. It looks great. It would pass military inspection. Except for the roaches.“What do you mean?” Bucky asks.Sam sighs.“Man, all you have in here is beer and hot sauce. What the hell is wrong with you?! You’re a grown man. You don’t go grocery shopping?”“I eat take out,” Bucky replies with a shrug. “The hot sauce is for practicality. There’s soy sauce in there too.”Sam rolls his eyes and tosses him a can of beer. Bucky catches it with ease with his metal arm, being careful not to crush the aluminum with an eager hand. A hand that has so readily killed without mercy or consequence. He cracks open the beer and looks up.“What do you mean get back out there?”“I mean you need to get laid, man. Or get a girlfriend — or a friend with benefits. You’ve gotta ease some of that tension. You’re way too uptight. Your eyebrows always do that frown thing.”“I’m not uptight,” Bucky scoffs. “And my eyebrows are fine, thank you.”“They’re doing it right now.”Bucky rolls his eyes.“You’re sad,” Sam says after a small sip of beer.“Are you saying I look sad, or that I’m pathetic?”Sam chuckles to himself and leans against the refrigerator.“A bit of both.”Bucky frowns, his mouth forming a quiet, disapproving grimace.“You’re about as helpful Doctor Raynor... Do I have to pay you?” Bucky asks after a moment.“I’m not court-mandated, so technically yeah," Sam chuckles. "I’ll take a beer as payment."“Whatever’s in the fridge is yours,” Bucky replies.Sam raises his eyebrows and laughs.“Is that a yes? Is that Bucky Barnes giving me a help me signal?”Bucky snarls.“I really hate you.”“I know,” Sam says with a massive grin. “Okay, Barnes. I’m gonna help you. I’m gonna get you a girlfriend — or at least a bootycall.”Sam looks around and sighs.“This apartment isn’t exactly girlfriend ready.”“What’s a bootycall?” Bucky asks.“Shit, man. You are old.”Bucky rolls his eyes and takes a sip of his beer, choosing to ignore the insult.“What are we doing? Are we going to a bar, or…?”Sam laughs and shakes his head.“Tinder.”Bucky stares at him with a blank expression before shaking his head and shrugging his shoulders. The word means nothing to him. Maybe something fire-related? A fireplace? A burning log? A campfire? Sam is grinning from ear to ear.“It’s a dating app,” Sam sighs.“You’ve lost me.”“Give me your phone.”Bucky reaches into his pocket and tosses Sam his phone. He catches it and acts like it’s a bomb in his hands and looks up at Bucky with a confused expression.“Barnes? What the fuck is this?!”“It’s my phone.”“It’s 2023!” Sam exclaims. “What the hell are you doing with a flip phone?!” He looks disgusted. “You text me from this thing?!”Bucky shrugs.“Sometimes, yeah… when I can figure out how many clicks it takes to get to each letter.”Sam puts his head in his hands and sighs deeply.“You nee
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
dating apps
Bucky sucks at modern life
Swearing
Friendship
Aggression
sam and bucky are always fighting
Bickering
Bucky Barnes and the 21st Century
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Humor
Fluff and Smut
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Therapy
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
PTSD
Romance
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
lots of fluff
Recreational Drug Use
Marijuana
Alcohol
Not Canon Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Bucky is a sweetheart
Rough Sex
Consensual Sex
Protective Bucky Barnes
Dirty Talking Bucky Barnes
Angst
Eventual Happy Ending
Knifeplay
Threats of Violence
Domestic Violence
a little bit of sam wilson/sharon carter
a bit of sub!bucky
Praise Kink
Phone Sex
Sexting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

