Chapter 1: Quirk of the Soul
    




Chapter Text
My Heroes RebornBy Emma IveliChapter 1: Quirk of the SoulIt was meant to be a simple rescue exercise for Class 1A. A rescues exercise at the USJ (that's Unforeseen Simulation Joint… not Universal Studios Japan). However a bunch of villains showed up thanks to a warp.Aizawa AKA Eraserhead went to fight the villain while Thirteen, tried to evacuate the students.Most of the villains went to fight Aizawa, however four of them just watched.A amorphous black cloud, a strange bird like creature, a man who's costume consisted of many fake hand covering and a woman with white hair wearing a black kimono and cyan hakama."So All Might isn't here… I wonder if it has to do with the news." Said the woman."What do you mean?" asked the man covered in hands."Don't you pay attention to the news Shigaraki." Said the woman, "He had quite the busy morning.""You could be helping them." Muttered the man named Shigaraki."And waste my quirk?" she asked, "I want the next generation not him… Besides it would be far kinder to use my quirk, then for you to just kill them…""You seem to be on high horse Priestess." Muttered Shigaraki."I might be a member of the League of Villains, but a life is still a life… and it's precious." Said the woman simple known as Priestess."I don't know why I recruited you." Said Shigaraki."Because I've taken down so many heroes permanently." Said Priestess, "Without a life lost!""You're track record isn't perfect." Said Shigaraki."Of course not… but no one is perfect." Said Priestess."You really should enact your plan." Said Shigaraki, "After all you are quite the boss."Priestess smirked.As the students evacuated, the cloud warped in in front of the door, bringing with him Priestess.Thirteen stood in front of the students."The next generation of hero's. So full of ideals and dreams." Said Priestess, "So unaware of the real world…"The cloud looked at Priestess with it's yellows eyes."Oh come now Kurogiri, I can't admire them a little… if only for their naiveté!" said Priestess.The loud named Kurogiri looked towards the students and Thirteen."All Might was supposed to Be Here today, but I see no sign of him." said Kurogiri."He's probably busy saving old women and kittens from trees." Said Priestess, "It doesn't matter, word might spread to him if we're lucky."Priestess began to clap her hands as if in a prayer."Wait! You're Priestess!" said Thirteen in shock."I am…" said Priestess after she was done praying she lifted her right hand and her fingers turned to red light, "And fortunately for you."Thirteen looked at her in shock."Don't let her fingers touch you!" yelled Thriven to the students."What! Why?" asked one of the students a boy named Izuku Midoriya."Oh my someone asked, now I'm obligated to have you be one of the ones to experience my Quirk!" said Priestess with a smirk.Her glowing fingers suddenly extended and they were too fast for any of the students to react.One of them pricing Izuku, another piercing a blonde student with a tail named Mashirao Ojiro, yet another piercing a girl with black hair put into a side ponytail named Momo Yaoyorozu, the fourth piercing a girl with shoulder length brown hair named Ochaco Uraraka and the last piercing an invisible girl named Toru Hagakure."Did I get five? Wait… one of them is invisible, interesting." Thought the Priestess with a smirk.The red glowing fingers retreated back to her hand returned to normal as all five students fell to their knees in shock."You have 30 Seconds Kurogiri to warp them, after all there's a 4 percent chance that any of them will fight back during their Feral State..." said Priestess.However Priestess noticed two of the students Katsuki Bakugo and Eijiro Kirishima going in or the attack. With Bakugo blowing up Priestess right in the face.However she quickly recovered."I would show you my quirk, but I can't use it for the next 24 hours." Said Prier tress as she got up from the explosion, "Also choosing to attack me instead of the amorphous black cloud behind me that is clearly the one with the warp quirk… wow clever."Bakugo began to sweat as Kurogiri covered where the students stood in a black dome to scatter them through out the faculty.However many students managed to getting warped in one-way or another. One of the group that made it was thanks to Tenya Iida, who managed to Ochaco and another student and Rikido Sato."So some of them escaped being scattered." Said Kurogiri."And one the ones I used my quirk on." Said Priestess, "Well bomb boy wasn't one of them so that's good."Then she saw that one of the ones who escaped was Ochaco."Oh my it looks like one my targets was saved from your warp." Said Priestess."Will she attack?" asked Kurogiri."Let's see." Said Priestess "If I remember I used my ring finger on her."She lifted up her ring as it began to glow blue."She will fight back, and not one of the 1 percent that will fight indiscriminately… a shame because that would have been intere
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Midoriya Izuku/Uraraka Ochako

freeform: 
Reincarnation
Let Midoriya Izuku Swear
Bakugou Katsuki is Bad at Feelings
Parental Yagi Toshinori | All Might
Yagi Toshinori | All Might is a Bad Teacher
He is a good dad but a terrible teacher
tags will be added as the story goes on
Fandoms will be added as story goes on
Originally Posted on FanFiction.Net
Bakugou Katsuki Swears A Lot
Bakugou Katsuki Redemption
Bakugou Katsuki Faces Consequences
Not Beta Read
Guilty Bakugou Katsuki

fandom: 
Midoriya Izuku/Uraraka Ochako

