Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

The horror of the void, a swarm of unfathomable magnitude. A lurch in his chest and then, breathlessness, before the grainy image of Pepper dissolved into darkness—


The roar reverberated through him, flooding his veins and rattling his bones. Tony gasped as his eyes opened and his body shuddered before it began to swallow down air, adjusting to the sting in his lungs, to the blood pumping through him, to the bright blue sky—
Rogers’ face appeared above him, blocking out the blue—and was that relief in his eyes?
Perhaps the portviews of the dead HUD were still malfunctioning.

Tony had no time to examine the anomaly further as Rogers reached for his faceplate. On instinct, Tony grabbed his wrist, halting it inches from his face.

“Sorry, just—give me a second, yeah? M’fine.” His own raspy voice bounced around in the helmet. “You gotta take me to dinner before you start undressing me, Cap.”

When Tony let go, Rogers pulled away and Tony spent the next few seconds waiting for his vision to adjust, letting the image of Captain America smiling at him come into focus.

Not an unwelcome sight, sure, but what a jarring contrast to the sneers and disdain and jibes he hurled at Tony Stark only hours ago on the Hellicarrier. 

This smile was almost endearing and Tony almost let his hackles back down until Rogers reached for him once again.

He wouldn’t have seen Tony’s flinch, would’ve been oblivious to Tony’s spiking heart rate, all of which, of course, were an overreaction to the good Captain simply placing his hand between the suit’s shoulder blades to help Tony sit up. 

Tony smothered his groans and hoped sitting up wouldn’t rearrange any of his bruised internal organs much further.

He tried to swallow another groan when his ribs protested, but he couldn’t let slip he was injured. Steve Rogers, ever the Good Samaritan, would rip the suit right off him, protests be damned, just to make sure Tony wasn’t dying in there.

Tony certainly couldn’t have that.

He tried to will the HUD back to life, but the screens remained dark despite several attempts at command inputs. Something about outer space clearly didn’t agree with his tech and the haunting images that still lingered at the forefront of his mind meant he’d be spending many sleepless nights in the workshop fixating on—and fixing—this very issue, but those lonesome nights would have to wait a little longer.

Tony glanced around, saw Thor nearby, then the Hulk—who must’ve been the one to save him from the fall—although now Big Green seemed more entertained by the rubble than by the guy whose life he just saved. Miss Romanoff and Barton supported each other as they limped over until Barton collapsed against a destroyed wall with a groan and a curse. Natasha remained standing, suit singed and ripped, her face marred with blood she was attempting to wipe away, but her eyes were on Tony.

“Everyone alright? Iron Man? Is he—”

“M’fine, still kicking.” He waved a hand at her. “Can’t get rid of me that easy.”

It was odd to hear a peal of tired laughter from her, Tony decided. Almost as odd as seeing Rogers still smiling and patting Tony’s metallic back. 

“Still, that was quite a tumble. Take it easy for a second.”

“Yeah, yeah. While I do, anyone care to tell me what the hell happened?” The banter was nice, but Tony’s brain—and the rest of him—still struggled to catch up. He was in space, he was dying, he was plummeting—he was supposed to...

He was supposed to die out there, wasn’t he?

But no, here he was, back on Earth, surrounded by the Avengers watching him with concern. 

“We won,” Rogers finally said and no matter their rough start, Tony couldn’t help but believe the conviction. No matter his feelings on Tony Stark, Steve Rogers fought alongside Iron Man without a second’s hesitation.

They fought well, in fact—and they won. 

Tony let his head lull against his chest, tried to take a breath around the bruised ribs and gave himself a second before starting a new to-do list. He needed to check on Pepper and Rhodey, needed to check on J, then he would slink over to Medical—maybe—then repairs, press conferences, putting together relief and rescue efforts, throwing money at it all until Tony could sleep at night.

Maybe.

Some nights.

A small, whimsical part of Tony wanted to blurt out something about shawarma—he swore he saw a joint nearby and maybe it was still intact and food had always been his go-to comfort and it would’ve been meaningful to share a meal with this ragtag team of extraordinary individuals who just saved the whole world.

He even opened his mouth to say so—and shut it with a click of his teeth. He couldn’t simply ‘go eat’. No, not without taking off the suit and revealing the unsavory truth and he hadn’t spent all these years living a double life only to waste it all on the swell of warmth in his chest and a great plate of shawarma.

JARVIS chos
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Secret Identity
World doesn't know Tony is Iron Man
Slow Burn
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Romance
Stuck in a safe house
Falling In Love
Identity Reveal
Insecurities
Misunderstandings
Happy Ending
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark Friendship
Steve and Tony don't get along at first
Steve learns to see past his misconceptions
Canon-Typical Injuries
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

