Chapter 1



Notes:
6/6/2021 - Okay I've decided to warn people now in the beginning since I changed directions with this fic and some people are complaining about it, that if you don't like poly pack dynamics, like where everyone has their own mates, but they're all pretty much together, then you should not read this fic.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The sun was setting in the parking lot as Steve exited the college building. He was teaching an art class in the hope of earning some much needed money. Unfortunately, it just wasn't enough money. His shoulders were slumped as he walked down the street. As he waited for the subway, his mind wandered to his best friend, his nestmate. Bucky would probably be off work soon.When they'd left Brooklyn and settled in Manhattan, Steve had dreamed of making it big as an artist. Now, he just wanted to be able to afford dinner tonight. He knew that if it weren't for Bucky they'd have ended up on the streets a long time ago, that or in a whorehouse. Steve thought of the unsold paintings sitting in their living room. Oil based paint on white canvases that lay hidden under white fabric. Protected from the dust that gathered as they waited in vain to be noticed.Steve tried selling them at street fairs, only managing to sell one or two, for a measly amount. Nothing what they were worth Bucky insisted. Steve had once thought they were worth something. Some great dollar amount. Now, he'd take enough to reimburse for the cost of making them, if anyone would even be willing to purchase them. He'd even taken them around to different art galleries, begging the owners to consider selling them. They never did.It just wasn't meant to be.Steve sighed and got off at his stop. He walked through the wind and sleet, wishing he'd brought an umbrella to work. The apartment was dark when he got home. Bucky wasn't back yet. Steve kicked off his boots and peeled off his dripping rain coat. He shivered, wishing he could turn on the thermostat. They could hardly afford this place as is. They definitely couldn't afford to heat it in the winter or cool it in the summer.He headed to the kitchen, rifling through the cabinets to find something, anything to cook. He was relieved to locate a half empty sack of potatoes. He grabbed them, scrubbing and slicing them into cubes. He stuck them in a pot of boiling water. He pulled carrots and celery out of the fridge, chopping them up, before dumping them in the pot, as well.He frowned when he realized they were out of onions. Without them, the soup would be terribly bland. It was bad enough they didn't have any seasonings left, other than salt and pepper. He added an ample amount of both to the pot and prayed for the best. It certainly wouldn't be the worst thing they've ever eaten. At least they weren't going to starve tonight. That was something worth being grateful for.Steve was stirring the pot of vegetables, soup being perhaps too generous of a term, when the door opened. He glanced up from the stove, nestled at the far wall of the small studio apartment. Bucky's eyes met his and smirked at him. Steve flushed under his gaze and turned back to the pot. He could hear Bucky unlacing and kicking off his boots, and removing his outer layers. The light thud of footsteps approaching echoed in his ears and Bucky wrapped his arms around Steve's slender waist."No welcome home, dear, or honey, how was your day, huh?" He teased, kissing Steve's cheek.Steve shrugged, his face flaming red. Bucky furrowed his brows at Steve's gloomy demeanor. His hand slipped under his shirt, tasting his abs with his digits. Steve flinched away from the ice cold touch, pressing further into Bucky's chest. Bucky chuckled and withdrew his hand."What's wrong, Stevie?" He murmured, his lips brushing Steve's neck.Steve whimpered as Bucky sucked at the sensitive skin, baring his neck in invitation. He didn't answer the question. Mostly because he just didn't want to admit how useless he felt, but also because Bucky was very distracting. His legs wobbled under him and the arm around his waist tightened to hold him up. Steve sighed, letting Bucky support his weight."Don't burn the soup, Stevie. Stir it." Bucky taunted. "Distracted much?"Steve scoffed, but did as instructed, watching white, orange and green swirl together in the pot of boiling water. Bucky nipped at his neck."I hate to see you so down, baby."Steve frowned. Bucky acted like his boyfriend, every bit of an Alpha, really, but he wasn't. Far from it, actually. Bucky was just as much of an Omega as Steve was. Well, sort of. They were both Omegas, but Bucky was a dominant Omega and Steve was submissive. Bucky could still submit, of course. Anyone was capable of submitting, even a higher Alpha, but he was less inclined to than Steve was."Bucky." Steve breathed out.Bucky was kissing and sucking at his neck. Nipping lightly, almost as though he was going to claim him. He couldn'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Brock Rumlow/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Angst with a Happy Ending
First Meetings
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Voyeurism
Somnophilia
Mildly Dubious Consent
Knotting
Switch Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Sex Toys
Collars
Polyamorous Pack
Pack Dynamics
Switch Tony Stark
Masochist Steve Rogers
Objectification
Fucking Machines
Oral Knotting
Mpreg
Forced Orgasm
Overstimulation
Sadist Bucky Barnes
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Daddy Kink
Punishment
Spanking
Jealousy
Self-Worth Issues
Rough Sex
Age Play
Coming Untouched
Deepthroating
Gags
Aftercare
Bondage
Blindfolds
Anxiety
Dacryphilia
Omorashi
Desperation
Soulmates
Feminization
Dom/sub
Pet Play
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Safeword Use
Verbal Humiliation
Consensual Non-Consent

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Brock Rumlow/Sam Wilson

