Work Text:
  It’s not a big deal, Peter keeps telling himself as he scans the gathered crowd. It’s not a big deal. It’s just a competition.
 
But no matter how much Peter tells himself that a small part of him is heartbroken. Peter can easily spot Ned’s parents in the front row (the two them giving a wave when they see Peter looking) and can see Liz’s mum a few seats behind them. Peter can even see Flash’s parents at the back, both of them with their heads bent over their phones. Everyone’s parents are there except for Peter’s. Its Peter’s first time at the Decathlon semi finals competition and it was one he had been nervous about since he found out. His parents had been so proud of him and had promised that they would be there to cheer him on. Except, they weren’t here, and Peter wasn’t surprised that they had forgotten because lately them seemed to forget everything that wasn’t related to Peter’s little sister, Morgan. “Please take your seats, the competition is about to begin,” the moderator said into the microphone. “Mr. Harrington,” Flash called, looking to the teacher who was getting all the students into the correct order of seating. “I should take Peter’s place today. His parents couldn’t even bother to show up today. Mine are here. Peter should be the alternate today.” He turned and gave Peter a nasty sneer. “Flash,” Mr. Harrington warned, eyes darting to Peter. “What? My parents actually took the day off for this,” Flash said. “They care about me and my achievements, you see.” Tears burned at the back of Peter’s eyes and he willed them not to fall. Normally he could tune out Flash’s bullying but today he couldn’t. His words were hitting a little too close to home. Morgan had just turned five and had just started going to school. Peter had been thrilled to learn that he was getting a little sister not long after his dad had married Pepper Potts. Peter’s mother had never been in the picture and for as long as Peter could remember, Pepper had always been there for him. He remembered as a kid always trying to get his dad to marry Pepper so she could really be his mum and when Peter turned nine, he had cheered as loud as he could when they had gotten married. Morgan had appeared not long after and they were the happy family Peter had always wanted. Lately, though, Morgan had been dominating their parents’ attention and Peter was starting to feel forgotten. Peter used to be able to tell his dad everything but lately he had been too busy with Morgan to sit down with Peter. Too busy to even have their usual lab sessions. Peter hadn’t even been able to tell them about the weird spider bite he had gotten last week on a field trip. His parents just thought he had the flu and Peter hadn’t even been able to tell them about the strange (‘Dude, that’s totally wicked’ ‘Ned, I don’t think I should be able to this.’) side-effects he now had; one of which gave him the ability to stick to everything. “Flash, take your seat,” Mr. Harrington said firmly. “Peter will be competing today.” “Fine,” Flash huffed. “I guess I’ll go sit with my parents who actually bothered to show up.” Peter breathed sharply through his nose, scrambling for Ned’s hand when his best friend gave it a squeeze. “Don’t listen to him, Peter,” Ned whispered in his ear. “I’m sure something came up and they are just running late.” “Yeah,” Peter cleared his throat. “I’m sure they will be.” “Ladies and gentlemen please welcome our two competing schools,” the moderator called out and Peter shook himself out of his thoughts, focusing on the competition. He didn’t dare look back to the crowd, not wanting to see that his parent’s hadn’t shown.  “Hey Pep,” Tony said, answering the call in the car. “Hi mum!” Morgan cheered from her booster seat in the back seat of the car. “Hi, sweetie,” Pepper said. “How was your day?” “It was really fun!” Morgan cheered. “I did some paintings at school today!” “That’s great sweetie,” Pepper said. “I can’t wait to see them.”“We are on our way home from the play date,” Tony said, grinning as Morgan kicked her legs out happily. “Great, I’m nearly done for the day, but do you want me to pick up some dinner?” Pepper asked. “Yeah, that would be great. How is Peter getting home today? Do I need to stop and pick him up?” Tony asked.   “Petey!” Morgan cheered. “I want to give him my cupcake!”Tony glanced in the rear-view mirror to look at the squished cupcake in Morgan’s hand that she had brought with her from her playdate. Tony knew that Peter would accept it and eat it for Morgan. The kid would do anything for his little sister. “Peter is getting home by….” Pepper said, voice trailing off. “Oh no.” “What?” Tony demanded, instantly worried at the tone Pepper had taken. “Tony. Tony, please tell me you went to Peter’s Decathlon competition today,” Pepper pleaded. Tony’s heart dropped in his chest. Peter had a competition today and he had completely forgotten. He had been so focused lately on SI work, Iron-Man and getting Morgan to sch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Has a Family
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker has super-powers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
Avengers Tower
Peter Parker Lives in Avengers Tower
peter parker is a good brother
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Precious Ned Leeds
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Bully Flash Thompson
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Adorable Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Kid Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Cute Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Family
Family Feels
Family Fluff
Family Angst
Peter Parker feels forgotten
super-powers
super heroes

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

