Chapter 1: Winters gift
    




Chapter Text
"And as payment for his services we have brought you something" winter looks at pierce like he's gone insane. Winter never got anything. He was their weapon. Not a person. He never got anything nice. "Bring them in" he says to someone else winter couldnt see however all the sudden a brunette omega and the blonde beta winter had kidnapped last week were dragged into the room.
The two are forced onto their knees and winter is hesitant to walk over to them. Knowing one wrong move would cause pain. "Soldier. You brought us captain. The result of that meant we could get to stark. You have done well soldier. Because of that, this is your payment. Two perfect toys for you to play with."
"Not perfect yet" winter says behind his mask. He grabs steves chin with his metal arm pulling his head up forcing hin to look into winters eyes. Steve wanted to look away. All he has to remember though is that this isnt bucky this is winter.
"Pardon soldier" pierce asks. Winter lets go of steves chin and turns to his handlers.
"They're not perfect yet. Training still needs to take place and i want an examination of both at the beginning." Winter states. Pierce just smiled at the asset. Happy that he is finally taking control. This is what they had always wanted however he kept having flash backs, that why they brainwashed him and threw him into cryo. Now that they had figured out a way to permantly stop the memories bucky was just as free as the other hydra agents roaming the halls.
"Of course soldier. We can start that now if you would like" winter nods and the two are dragged out of the room again. "The omega has been on supressents for a while. We have stopped his medication imediantly. His heat should start in the next 24 hours" winter walks out of the office.
After having a shower and changing out of his uniform, winter head to the examination room where he knew his toys would be. They were both already stripped and chained to the table. Both were on their hand and knees with doctors surrounding them.
The room was filled with the noise of people talking and walking around the place. However within that winter heard crying. He slowly walks over to the omega, the doctor moving from where he was standing for winter to get a better look at the brunette. Winter uses his flesh hand to push to omegas hair out of his face then wipe the tears away. "Its ok omega. No need for tears." He whispers however it was muffled by the mask. The assets fingers dissappear behind the omegas head to unclip the open mouth gag.  He removes it quickly, placing it on the side the moving his hand back to him. He massages his jaw until tony closes his mouth and then drags his thumb across his lips.
Winter looks to his right to see the soldier that pierce had called captain in the same position as stark. A spider gag held his mouth open as the doctor shoves two fingers down his throat. Steve chokes and gags, his hands twisting in the chains trying to grip the table, tears coming to his eyes at the pain of having his jaw stretched open. It was a persistent ache, not helped by the way the doctor roughly finger-fucked his throat. He tried to swallow around the fingers, but he couldn't help choking, his throat tightening as he gagged. Bucky chuckles at the betas struggle.
"Tight throat" the doctor says it wasnt directed to winter however he also took note. Then the doctor pulls his fingers out, tutting at the beta drooled all over himself.
Buck then watched as he slid his hands down over the omega's chest, twisting and pinching his nipples until they were tight and hard. Steve whimpered, his nipples were exquisitely sensitive, sending bolts of sensation down his body. His cock twitched eagerly to attention even as his jaw ached fiercely. He flushed with humiliation at the doctor's words, but with the gag keeping his mouth open, he couldn't stop himself from drooling all over his chin.
"Sensitive nipples," the doctor noted. "Very sensitive nipples." The doctor looked down at his hard, twitching cock as he continued to play with him. "Look, see how excited it gets him" he says this time the comment was directed to the asset
He then reached for the beta's balls, rolling them carefully between his fingers, watching as the omega cock twitched and jumped. He then lubed up his gloved palm before stroking steve slowly, feeling the betas cock jump and twitch in his hand. He pulled the foreskin back, exposing the pink, sensitive head. He rubbed his fingers lightly over the head, circling the little piss slit slowly, watching as it twitched.
Steve panted and gripped the edge of the table tighter, arching into the touch, his body awash with sensation. His jaw was in agony, his cock so hard that it itched and ached. He Moves away from the table, he opened a drawer, retrieving a metal box. Opening it, he revealed a selection of slim metal rods, ranging from slimmer than a stick to as thick as a finger.
Winter hears tony whimper. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
BDSM
Sexual Slavery
Master/Slave
Perfect little slut
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Beta Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Sub Tony Stark
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rape/Non-con Elements
Medical Kink
Forced Bonding
Forced Pregnancy
Mpreg
Medical Examination
Exhibitionism
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Bucky banres is no more
Stockholm Syndrome
Minor Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Virgin Steve Rogers
Loss of Virginity
Bucky Barnes is dead
Feminization
Come Inflation
Cock & Ball Torture
Cock Cages
Urethral Play
Sounding
Anal Plug
Knotting
Breeding
Knifeplay
Nipple Play
Nipple Clamps
Nipple Torture
Torture
Size Kink
Milking

fandom: 
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

