Chapter 1: Stressed & Tired (Harold 'Happy' Hogan)
    




Chapter Text

It had been a long day. Peter had to rush out after sleeping in late and had forgotten to check the weather before he left for school so he was unprepared for the freezing temperatures, his enhanced senses only made the cold even worse. Then, Flash had berated Peter endlessly the entire day, picking apart anything the young hero did. Ned was out sick and MJ had a doctor’s appointment so Peter was alone the whole day. And to top off the already horrid day, all of Peter’s teachers had assigned extra homework. 
 
Needless to say, by the time Peter saw Happy’s car pull up, he was about to fall over from exhaustion. He trudged over to the car, before falling into the backseat, muttering a small, miserable greeting to Happy. Peter was too tired to notice the concerned look that Happy was giving him.
 
“You ok, Pete?” Happy asked.
 
Peter gave a weak nod before closing his eyes and leaning against the car window, hoping to take a quick nap. 
 
Happy cast one last worried look to the backseat before rolling up the divider. The driver sent a quick text to Tony telling him something was up with the kid and slowly drove away from the school. 
 
Sleep wouldn’t come to Peter, all the bright lights and loud sounds of traffic coming through Peter’s enhanced system refused to let him rest. The poor kid wanted nothing more than to curl into a ball under a pile of blankets and sleep for the rest of his life. 
 
By the time the tower came into sight, Peter was about to pass out. 
 
---
 
Tony was worried. Happy had sent a single text saying that the kid was acting strange. The lack of context left him on edge, Peter could have been hiding an injury or starving, or sleep-deprived. Realistically, Tony knew that Happy would have called him if Peter was in immediate danger but that didn’t stop his worry. 
 
Tony was pacing in front of the elevator, fully prepared to drag Peter down to the Medbay the second he walked in. 
 
Tony whirled around when the elevator opened, revealing a stoic but slightly worried Happy and a pale Peter. Tony raced towards his kid and put his hand to his forehead, checking for a fever. It didn’t feel like he had a fever and so he kissed his forehead and pulled back slightly to look at him. 
 
The young boy looked up at his mentor and offered him a tired smile.
 
“Hi Mr. Stark,” Peter greeted weakly. 
 
“Heya there underoos, are you ok?” Tony replied, still worried and searching for a reason his kid would look so pale.
 
“I’m just tired,” He was promptly cut off by a yawn. Tony looked down affectionately at his adorable child. His face scrunched up and made him look like a yawning puppy. 
 
Tony pulled Peter back into his embrace, picking him up and settling Peter to rest on his hip like a small child before leading him towards the couch.
 
Tony wrapped a blanket around Peter, before placing a delicate kiss to his curls. He rushed into the kitchen to grab a previously prepared snack, knowing how hungry Peter gets after school. When he got back to the couch, he saw Peter trying to get up and quickly pushed him back down and handed him the snack.
 
When Peter was done eating, Tony wrapped his arms around Peter and pulled him into his lap, planting a kiss on his forehead, then both of his cheeks, and his nose. The giggle that Peter let out was the greatest sound in the world to Tony and he decided he wanted to hear that for the rest of his life. 
 
After placing one final kiss on his kid’s face, he then turned his attention back to figuring out what was wrong with his spider-baby.
 
“What’s wrong? Did you get enough sleep, baby?” Tony asked gently, tightening his arms around Peter. 
 
“It’s just been a long day, Mr... Dad,” Peter replied sleepily, too tired to really think about what he was saying. Tony cooed at his child and felt tears threatening to surface at the word

 dad

. His heart swelled with so much love that he worried it might burst at any moment. He rested his head on Peter’s curls and hugged his kid even closer to him.
 
Tony wasn’t sure what he had done in his life to deserve such an angel as Peter Parker, but he would do anything to keep his spider-baby safe and happy in his arms forever. 
 
“It’s okay kiddo, I’ve got you now 

bambino

. You can rest,” Tony muttered before planting one last kiss to his kid’s head and turning the TV on quietly to play Star Wars.




Happy had seen the entire interaction and couldn’t help but feel touched by the scene. He had noticed Tony’s frantic expression the second the elevator doors opened. He had watched as Tony doted on Peter and rushed to take care of his every need. He had seen the overwhelming love and pride in Tony’s eyes as he gazed down at Peter, completely forgetting that Happy was ever even in the room. 
 
Happy knew Peter meant a lot to Tony. Anyone looking at the pair could figure that out in five seconds. But the amount of love that Tony held, and openly showed, for th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Cuddling & Snuggling
Platonic Cuddling
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Cinnamon Roll Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Italian Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Platonic Relationships
Platonic Kissing
NOT STARKER - Freeform
Irondad & Spiderson
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

