Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Four days after Remus said goodbye to him on platform 9¾, Harry Potter disappeared. There was no trace of Dark Arts in his disappearance, no suspicious activity. The members of the Order guarding the teenager didn’t even realize he was gone at first, it took the Dursleys going on vacation and seeing no one in the house for them to click on that something might be wrong. Remus was afraid, Harry had just witnessed the death of his godfather and he feared that he might be suicidal. Remus himself had fallen into a deep case of grief, guilt and depression with the death of the last of his true friends.This wasn’t the matter that really concerned the werewolf, however. The matter that had him worried and suspicious was the lack of concern from almost everyone else. Harry was supposedly their prophesized ‘Savior’, the one fated to defeat Voldemort once and for all. Yet Albus Dumbledore, Harry’s headmaster and magical guardian, appeared less than worried. A token force had been sent out to look for Harry on the streets of London, more to appease Remus’ protests. It was clear nobody expected them to find Harry.Nymphadora Tonks, Mad-Eye Moody and Sturgis Podmore seemed impatient to have the search over with. Remus could feel his wolf’s hackles rising at their lack of worry over his ‘pup’. Something was off about the whole situation, but he was failing to put his finger on what it was. All he knew was, there was a distinct lackluster effort and annoyance at their work.“We’re not going to find the boy,” Tonks finally snapped, irritation visible on her face. “London is enormous, if he just ran off than he could be on the other side of the city for all we know.”“Maybe it would help if you gave a damn about him,” Remus muttered, bringing up the hood on his jacket against the drizzling rain.It was late June, so at least the weather was warm, if saturating them in the atypical misting rain. It was a physical indicator of the presence of Dementors, that and the general air of glum that pervaded the atmosphere. Dumbledore had told Fudge that the Dementors would eagerly join Voldemort, but the Minister had buried his head in the sand and claimed both Dumbledore and Harry were nutters. Look how well that had turned out.The tips of Tonks’ hair turned red with anger, her eyes flashing. “Well, I don’t,” she snaps. “Albus told him to stay put, but he goes galivanting off and putting people in danger. It’s his fault my cousin is dead!”Remus growls, the sound a subvocal noise that vibrates in his throat and chest. It’s still audible, rumbling in the quiet air between himself and the others. His wolf is furious, wanting to come out and attack her for her words against pack. Tonks’ eyes widen minutely, her breathing more rapid. He can smell the fear on her, hear her elevated heartbeat as her body pours on adrenaline, a subconscious reaction to what the noise he made represents.“Enough,” Alastor orders, smacking his wooden walking stick on the concrete in between the two of them. “We’re not going to find the boy, that’s the fact of the matter. Let’s go.” Looking specifically at Remus he adds, “Arguing between us is not going to solve the problem.”Remus looks down as if contrite, willing his angry Alpha to calm down. They would keep looking, he reassures, but on their own. Without the helpful comments of their current companions.Since his gaze is directed at the ground, he misses the eyeroll Tonks gives Alastor and the glare she gets in return.It’s not just Albus whose behavior fills Remus with unease. Molly Weasley, the worried mother hen, is less than concerned about Harry’s disappearance. It’s odd, especially considering how much she smothered the boy before. Even clashing with Sirius on what was in his best interest. Ron and Hermione, his so-called best friends, are mute on the subject. It’s as if he’s not even missing. But then Remus realized that both of them held Harry responsible for their injuries in the Department of Mysteries.Ron has scars on his arms from his encounter with the brains, Hermione is still taking potions for Dolohov’s Curse. She’s lucky to still be alive considering the dangerous cutting hex slashed through her abdomen and intestines. Both are sullen and angry, blaming Harry for everything. His ‘hero personality’, his need for drama, his lack of preparation and intelligence, his mediocre spellwork… On and on they whine, both happy to vilify the teen behind his back. Remus is sick and angry at their words, disgusted at their falsehoods.He keeps looking for clues or his errant cub on his own, desperate to find the remainder of his ‘family’.In the meantime, summer slides by and a new term starts at Hogwarts. Harry’s O.W.L. results and book list get returned to Hogwarts by a confused post owl.Desperate for leads, Remus goes to Gringotts. Aside from learning his cub isn’t dead, the goblins are less than helpful. They won’t let him access the Potter accounts, nor will they pull his transact
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Sirius Black
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Natasha Romanoff
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Pepper Potts
unrequited Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Past Mpreg
Mpreg
tony is harry's dad
Sirius is his 'mother'
Character Bashing
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Manipulative Albus Dumbledore
Bad Albus Dumbledore
Neville is Prophecy Child
Molly Weasley Bashing
Ron Weasley Bashing
Ginny Weasley Bashing
Hermione Granger Bashing
It's mild- they are minor characters
Emotional Manipulation
Conditioning
Dumbledore is twisted
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
it's mild- don't worry
Parent/Child Bonding
Healing
Only the first few chapters are really kinda dark
Harry Potter timeline altered
Begins pre-Age of Ultron
changed MCU events
Team Tony
Tony Stark Deserves Better
Tags May Change
Don't Post Off-Site
Don't Like Don't Read

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Sirius Black
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Natasha Romanoff
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Pepper Potts
unrequited Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

