Chapter 1: in the beginning...
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Weeks 1-4


The palace wing they’ve been staying in has more guards than actual palace attendants. None of these guards are Dora and that small fact goes a long way to emphasize the difference in their situation now. T’Challa has been sick in bed for days after they fished him out of the river. With no treatment or physician forthcoming and total radio silence outside their walls, it’s clear this is house arrest. His mother paces their shared quarters and helps him as much as she can. Every time she peers down at him on the bed he’s reminded of how she warned him subtly in the throne room. Reminded of how he had disregarded that warning and allowed his anger and pride to accept a challenge he shouldn’t have. Now they were here with him bedridden, his sister’s location unknown and no one to see them. 


“Your fever is gone.” His mother tells him on the fourth day and T’Challa smiles weakly up at her. 


“I asked the people at the gate to call a doctor again. I have also asked to speak with him.”


The second sentence catches T’Challa off guard, he’s heard his mother arguing with the lone palace attendant that came to deliver food as well as the nearby guards. But to go so far as to ask for the new king… He tries and fails to sit up in the bed, his mother seeing the attempt pushes him back down firmly. 


“It’s a miracle, Bast’s miracle you are still alive. Rest T’Challa.” 


His tongue feels heavy in his mouth and tears are more forthcoming than words so he obeys stiffly. He closes his eyes and falls asleep soon after. When he wakes up the light in the room is off. Listening carefully for any sounds of his mother he sits up. He manages but the headache and dizziness take time to dissipate. His lips are chapped and his mouth unbearably dry. A look around his general vicinity reveals nothing to address either issues. He doesn’t want to call on his mother, not if he could help himself so he carefully pulls his legs from under the bed sheets. 


This process is painstakingly slow, causing a bubbling urge in him to vomit. He stops when the sensations are too strong and begins again when they fade. He’s resting, waiting for the dizziness to lessen when an odd sound causes him to freeze. He assumes it’s his mother coming to check on him but an anxious feeling causes him to track where the sound is coming from. His hearing isn’t as acute as it used to be under the herb. A figure soon appears at the edge of the room and his apprehension from before spikes into deep fear. The figure doesn’t make a sound as they step forward and T’Challa wonders if what he heard before wasn’t just his own premonition. 


It hurts to swallow let alone speak so he doesn’t try, readying his breath to scream. He can’t move without significant bouts of nausea and disorientation so he times his attempt. Mere milliseconds from when he would have moved, the figure turns on the lights and T’Challa freezes at the sight.


Nakia stares back from under a hood. The sight makes him wheeze, deep painful gasps of relief. She immediately draws closer, a face full of concern and worry. T’Challa has never seen anything more beautiful. He brings up a hand and signs, 

Mother? Sister? You here? 

 The words are jumbled due to his frenzy to communicate but Nakia gets the gist just fine. 



Mother sleeping, sister safe, here for you.



Nakia doesn’t speak, signing like he had. The confirmation makes him sigh, muscles untensing in relief. The last time he saw his sister was at Warrior Falls. He had heard her screams when N’Jadaka…



What happened?

 He asks finally and Nakia tells him. He doesn’t interrupt the entire time but by the end of her retelling the apprehension from before has turned into deep dismay. This was something out of a nightmare. 


A foreign intelligence agent was king and the tribes instead of coming together to 

oust

 him were jockeying for position and leverage. Treating N’Jadaka as if he were just another eccentric Panther Tribe son. T’Challa almost spits blood; he's just so upset. Nakia doesn’t spend much time on the intra-tribe movements, focusing most of her retelling on what Killmonger had managed to do in the few days since he’d been king. Her hands shake as she recalls the Division detonating or collecting the weapons they’d so egregiously distributed. About the destruction they managed to cause in 48 hours. She tells him N’Jadaka was following a plan of his own making and some of the Division’s own emergency outlines. She tells him Killmonger would soon declare martial law in Wakanda if their involvement in the uprising Killmonger began days ago was ever discovered. 


T’Challa can barely breathe, he’s so shaken. 

Why support? This is mad.



He means the elders, the Division, the Bast damned Hatut Zeraze. Nakia understands, she always does but takes time to answer. 

All that matters is Wakanda’s sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa
Erik Killmonger & Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Power Dynamics
King Killmonger
Wakandan Empire
Worldbuilding
Chronic Illness
Intersex
Boypussy
Alternate Universe - Harem
Harems
Wakandan OCs
Power Imbalance
Top Erik Killmonger
Intrigue

fandom: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa
Erik Killmonger & Original Character(s)

