Chapter 1: In Which Tony Stark Happens
    




Chapter Text
James “Bucky” Barnes wondered what his life had come to when he found himself once again hiding out in a teenager’s lab to get away from his so called best friend and his sycophant followers. It had been almost a year since the whole Civil War incident and Bucky found himself more and more disillusioned with what Steve had become, and that didn’t touch on the people Steve swore were all family. Bucky had gone back into Cryo as soon as they touched down in Wakanda, his head was a mess and he honestly didn’t know what was going on around him only that he was a danger and he couldn’t stand it anymore. He was woken up months later by an over-excited Princess who was chattering about borrowed technology and impressive out-of-the-box thinking as well as a bunch of techno babble that went way over Bucky’s head. The gist of it was that someone had lent the Princess technology to clear Bucky of his triggers and had also crafted him a new arm, and it didn’t take Bucky long to find out just who was responsible for his newly healed state.Tony Stark.Someone that Bucky had done nothing but harm and yet, somehow, this man, who if you listened to Steve and his team was the literal Devil, found it in himself to not only clear his head but give him a new arm. Of course, he wasn’t supposed to know it was Stark that had helped him, and he wasn’t stupid enough to breathe a word of who was responsible for his recovery around Steve and his cohorts. Bucky had found himself disgusted at the lot of them, especially Steve and the Hydra witch.It was only once his brain was fixed did he recognise her, and Bucky admitted he was a bit impulsive by trying to outright kill her as soon as he saw her but he felt he was justified even if it convinced them all that he was still unreliable and unstable. It was for that reason he didn’t even try to correct their horrendous oversight about the truth of what happened in Siberia; it seemed Stark wasn’t the only person Steve lied to when it suited him these days. Listening to the group go on and on about how Stark was responsible for everything that was wrong in their lives and everything else in the world got old quickly.From what Bucky was able to work out, during his time in Cryo Stark was also missing from the public eye and the aforementioned “Team Cap” had believed everything surrounding the Accords (another thing they liked to rant about) would all be brushed away and they’d be welcomed back like the heroes they believed they were. How they thought that was possible considering the amount of laws they all broke Bucky still didn’t understand but there was only so many times he could listen to the utter shit that came out of their mouths before he started considering Cryo once again.Unfortunately for Team Cap, Tony Stark exploded back onto the scene and when he did he did it with a bang. Seemingly single-handedly he revised the Accords and rebuilt the Avengers to the cheers of the rest of the world and Team Cap hated it. The Witch liked to screech about how a murderer such as Stark should be the one in exile unlike her completely innocent self, conveniently ignoring that she joined a Nazi terror group and tortured people to death routinely when she was with them. Barton was only too happy to jump on her bandwagon, while Natalia would scoff and state that Stark was never approved to be an Avenger in the first place.Bucky was in two minds when it came to his stay in the Red Room and what he had taught those little girls, but the part that usually won out was how very disappointed with how far Natalia had fallen from standard. She had bought into her own legend and for all she went on and on about Stark’s ego it was hers that was out of control. Steve was convinced as soon as the shine of Stark’s performance wore off then the world would realise what a mistake was making with Wilson playing the loyal dog and agreeing with everything he said. Lang had, at first, been of the same mind, until his girlfriend, Hope Van Dyne, had gone on live television publicly siding with Tony and decrying Lang as a traitor and a thief. Since then the man hadn’t been seen much, not that Bucky blamed him of course, that was a hell of a way to be dumped.Bucky had spent most of his time hiding from the lot of them. If it wasn’t rants on Stark, Bucky was subjected to Steve trying to relive the so-called glory days, with the side notes on how Bucky was supposed to act and live now he was fixed. It was as if Steve believed without the triggers in his brain the whole 70 years of torture acting as a wind up murder doll for Hydra hadn’t happened. Trying to explain that no he wasn’t the same guy he was back in the 40’s was like trying to talk to a brick wall, Steve just wasn’t willing to hear his words and since Bucky tried to murder the Witch it just made the obnoxious blond believe that he wasn’t fully fixed. Probably didn’t help that he often slipped in to Russian w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Loki/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Thor

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
but not the focus of the fic
Bucky Barnes is a little shit
So is Tony Stark
They are as bad as each other
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
Daddy Kink
It wasn't supposed to be but here we are
this was supposed to be under 10k
this fic had a mind of it's own
Smut
with feelings
This got sappy at points
No beta: we die like men
AU
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Ignores the end of Thor: Ragnarok
Extremis Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Handwavy Science
you can pry jarvis out of my cold dead hands
First Ever MCU Fic So Be Gentle
Attempt at Humor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Loki/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Thor

