Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"--students will be arriving any moment and we've barely seen our dear headmaster in a bloody week, we still don't have a Potions master -- Winky, pull that one up a bit on the left, thank you..." Charles wiped sweat from his forehead, giving the Ravenclaw common room one last look-over. He'd been staring at blue and bronze banners, dangling eagles and glimmering stars for so long now, he hardly knew whether the overall effect was celebratory or simply cluttered. It would have to do. "All right, chaps, good enough. Thanks for the assistance."The house-elves scattered to the hundred-odd other duties Charles knew had to be waiting for them, and Charles turned to the door. Should have been in the Great Hall five minutes past... His duties as Head of Ravenclaw House were plentiful, but little enough compared to his responsibilities as Deputy Headmaster, especially under a headmaster like Sebastian Shaw, whose preference, apparently, was to keep to his tower for days at a time and leave all the real work to his deputy. Charles wondered if he would even show up to greet the students.He was considerably startled, then, to find the headmaster waiting for him at the bottom of the stairs when he exited Ravenclaw Tower."Ah, here he is. Professor Xavier, I'm told the students will be arriving momentarily, but we've just enough time to introduce you to the new Potions master. If introductions are even necessary -- I do believe the two of you were in the same year as boys, were you not?"And the entire world stopped dead, cold dizzy breathless, as Charles's eyes focused on the man standing next to Shaw.Erik Lehnsherr.Only the wall at his back kept Charles upright. He was peripherally aware that Shaw was still speaking, but his head was buzzing to loud to hear. Erik.The last decade had been kind to Erik; already a handsome, well-built young man at graduation (especially next to a scrawny, awkward thing like Charles), he now had a breadth and maturity that sat well on him. Charles couldn't help feeling he himself had only grown scrawnier and more awkward in the same amount of time. Erik's robes were sharp and new, his hair combed back perfect and smooth. Almost unconsciously, Charles tugged his robe straight, brushed his hair out of his face. Erik's eyes, until now carefully blank in a rigidly neutral face, flickered with something like amusement or pain."--first year teaching, of course, so I expect he'll need a certain amount of assistance now and then," Shaw was saying. "Charles is the most competent deputy any headmaster could ask for, Erik, and he's been doing this for years. Don't hesitate to go to him for anything you need, should I be unavailable..." He trailed off, as if finally noticing something odd in the way his Potions and Divinations masters were staring at each other."Of course," Charles said quickly, his voice only a little hoarse, and stuck out his hand. "Welcome back to Hogwarts, Erik."Erik swallowed, shook his hand as briefly as manners permitted. His touch was like fire on Charles's skin."Well, we should move along, then, if we're going to be in place to greet the children!" Shaw turned and led the way down the corridor.Erik and Charles lagged a step behind."I'm sorry," Erik murmured, so softly that even Charles could not have made out the words if he hadn't known Erik's voice better than his own. "I didn't mean to ambush you like this. I only agreed to the position yesterday.""I'm sure you'll do splendidly. You were always a great hand at Potions." His voice sounded artificial, brittle, even to his own ears."Charles--""Are you to be Head of Slytherin House, as well, since Headmaster Shaw's vacated the position?""I -- yes.""I should have expected Shaw'd want you, of course, you always were his star student, might even say his protégé. Stepping right into his shoes, then.""Charles, perhaps later, after the feast, we could talk..."Charles laughed. "Oh, there'll be no talking tonight, my friend. It'll take us the bulk of the night to get the children bedded down, overstimulated as they'll be, and by then I promise you'll want nothing more than your own bed. You've no idea what you're in for." My friend, he'd called him my friend, hadn't he, it had just slipped right out. Well, and he called most everyone that, didn't he, and always had, but it had always meant something more when he said it to Erik--Focus, Xavier! Oh, it was like something out of a nightmare that Erik was here, here, now, and with no time to calm his mind before--Students, yes, pouring into the Great Hall just as the three of them arrived, lovely familiar faces grinning at him out of the crowd, the nervous excited unfamiliar faces, and how many of them might be sorted into Ravenclaw? Charles tried to force his attention onto them, and away from the blazing torch that was Erik's presence in his peripheral vision.He managed to maintain something like a focused presence during the speech and the Sorting, immediately
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Crossover

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

