Chapter 1: The Fall
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Tony.

Look at me.

We’re going to be okay.

You can rest now.
 *** The soft orange glow of a sunset stretched out into the distance. Tony’s first thought was that there was...something wrong with the horizon. The vanishing point wasn’t quite right, the line where the water met the sky too straight, even softened as it was by the yellow haze. Tony didn’t know how long he pondered about it, math calculations forming and unraveling in his mind as he contemplated the distance and the planetary circumference. The sky from Venus would be orange.But there wouldn’t be water.Tony frowned. He was standing on water. The ripples shivered to life when his weight shifted to look down, then disappeared just as softly into nothing.Why was he - ?
Oh.
He remembered.His mind, which had been filled with the soft haze of...this place, wherever it was, also had a before. The perfect clarity of all his memories, as if they’d always been there. Tony raised his right hand, ungloved and whole, with all its small nicks and laboratory scars. He remembered the pain of lifting the full gauntlet of infinity stones - no, it hadn’t been pain. It had been a different feeling, an unmaking, that defied any words he tried to use to frame and quantify it with.He remembered Thanos’ army falling into dust around him, Pepper’s voice more than her face, as his vision failed. The quiet of the final exhale.It had been both more brutal and peaceful than he’d imagined his death would ever be, when he had occasionally imagined it at all. It was done, though. And Pepper, the light and love of his life, was safe. And so was his daughter.“I suppose this means I’m dead,” he said the words out loud, in part to give voice to the thought, but also because a small part of his brain really wanted to see how sound waves travelled in this strange orange world.He heard the soft swish of steps behind him. “I suppose you are.”The voice was familiar. Tony frowned, tried to place it, and failed, wracking his mind as he tried to remember whose -
“Do you want to be dead?”
“What?” Tony startled from his thoughts. “Of course not, it's not like I was trying to - “Tony turned to face the speaker, turned into a wave of enveloping sky-bright darkness that covered his vision, body and mind in a soft, inevitable black.
“All right.”
 *** 
Tony was falling. Even hanging on the edge of consciousness as he was, he knew this feeling. Worse yet, he was accelerating, the pull of gravity like the hug from a familiar friend.And then the acceleration stopped.Terminal velocity, most likely.That didn’t seem like a good thing. It couldn’t be a good thing.Tony should probably do something about it. But the world went black again before he could decide what that might be.A blast of noise and sensation brought him back, gasping for air.His head was pounding in time to his racing heart in a quick drumbeat of pain and nausea that felt both new and frighteningly familiar.“What the hell,” Tony gasped, his ears ringing and bright daylight blinding him. Everything was too bright, too blue after the soft expanse of orange, and after the darkness that swallowed him. “What - ? What happened?”He tried to move, his body trapped in a suit, as his vision blurred, doubled, then started coming back amid sunspots. Steve and Thor, and...the Hulk? It had been a while since Tony had seen this version of the Hulk, did the battle with Thanos knock Bruce back into his old green rage monster self? Tony ordered the nanites to retract, reset, the mental orders instinctive and -And entirely useless -His nanites didn’t respond. Confused, he tried to start a self-diagnostic. That failed too.“We won,” Steve said, looking away and into the city.Tony knew that, he’d snapped the fingers himself.City? Tony stared as the high rise buildings came into focus around him, damage and rubble and smoke, and a Thor that had both eyes and a dead metal suit that wouldn’t respond to his commands.“Is this,” Tony said, and his voice faltered, hoarse and strained, before he found it again. His mind struggled; was this a delusion, the last gasps of his dying brain? He remembered this. He thought he remembered this. “Is this the part where we got shawarma? Are we going to get shawarma now?”“What?” Steve said“Now that we won, good job us. We go get some shawarma at that joint two blocks from here.”“We’re not finished yet,” Thor chided, and Tony stared at him helplessly.
I thought we were.

I thought I was.
 *** They did end up at the shawarma place a few hours later, just as they had before, Tony moving on autopilot in the dead metal suit of his armor. At the shawarma place lights flickered but stayed on. In the back, the owners swept the debris and glass across the floor.Tony felt like a tourist inside his own body, watching the scene play out, an echo of what had been and what could have been. He found his attention moving from o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
of a sort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
clearly
Recovery
(sort of?)
Grief/Mourning
Family Loss
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
vacation interuptus
It's Not Paranoia If They're Really Out To Get You
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Canon-Typical Violence
Heavy Angst
Past Drug Use
Panic Attacks
Eating Disorders
So much Canon Divergence
unrequited pining (for a vacation)
Tony Stark is So Done
BAMF Tony Stark
nobody friendly(?)

fandom: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

