Chapter 1: Alloy
    


Summary:

Alloy: A metal made by combining two or more metallic elements, especially to give greater strength or resistance to corrosion.



Notes:
This is somewhere after CA:TWS and CA:CW, but it ended well, not with the group splitting. So far no blip/infinity war. May come in later, but I may just do a full canon divergence in that and write different conflicts in. I wrote this because I'm watching The Falcon and The Winter Soldier and I realized how much I missed Bucky. I used to write on tumblr at the url criminallygoodimagines, I had stories named "Daffodils, Mugs, and Rising from the Ashes," "If Storms Were People," and "To Steel your Heart."I have since deleted those fics permanently, unfortunately, but I may rewrite one or both of them. But one was where the reader controlled metal and another was an EtL so I'm kinda combining the two of them

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
You were laughing, eyes crinkled into crescents as you walked with your best friends, an arm intertwined with the one on the right. It was blissful, the LA lights illuminated the night, red, green, and blues of the signs casting shadows over your faces. A girls night out, was what your friend Amanda had suggested, and the other two of you didn't need much convincing. They were sufficiently tipsy already, pregaming at Jazz’s apartment beforehand. Not that alcohol had any effect on your extraordinarily heightened metabolism, but you’d learned by now how to fake it. It was after you had taken a few deep breaths and calmed from the laughing fit and looked to Jazz at your left, that within the people walking the opposite direction just past her, something caught your eye. More-so  someone . Your laughter died in the hollow of your throat, once humor curved eyes narrowed into slits as you stopped dead in your tracks, arm slipping from Amanda’s. You barely heard your two best friends call your name and people brushing past your roadblock stance muttering with irritation as you slowly turned your head. When you had finally made the 180 you found those blue eyes you knew so well already staring intently at you with the same narrowed gaze. Your legs moved faster than a normal human’s should, turning on your heel and shoving forward. With maybe a fifteen foot plus reaction time head start, you thought you had a decent chance at getting away, even though he had a several inch advantage on the stride comparison. You always had been faster than him, though. They weren't supposed to be here . You cursed to yourself as the gasps and shouts of people behind you let you know that you were indeed being chased. Shifting left, you shouldered through oncoming people and then into the traffic of cars. Horns blared, but you were more focused on the footsteps behind you, noting that they were far quieter than they should be. Once a ghost, always a ghost. And as you hurdled a car hood, you thanked yourself for wearing the jeans with the rips in the knee that, while also making your hip to waist ratio look fantastic, offered more mobility than the skirts your companions were wearing. The black boots that gave a sexy and sophisticated look were more of an old-habits-die-hard scenario, knowing you couldn't run in heels made you never purchase the death trap shoes, and you never knew when you needed to run. Like now. LA was across the nation from New York. And based on your ear to the ground, HYDRA had no recent activity in the area, so why  they  were here made no sense to you. You had come to this city on purpose, because one could be invisible amongst the crowds. Especially on the opposite coast as to where the people you were trying to avoid were located. The steady rhythm of your foot falls and the now two,  two , sets behind you were driving you mad. You couldn't help bumping shoulders with people and knocking them to the ground, shifting into survival mode like returning to an old friend. People stared. Who wouldn't stare at the very recognizable blond and brunette pair of absolute specimen men, running at top speed after a woman close to outrunning them. Phone cameras came up too late to catch your face, and you were thankful for that, but you knew too well that surveillance cameras had a watchful eye. You risked a glance behind you, and judged that the distance was enough for you to safely reach into your bag and pull out the mask you always had stored there for situations like this. It was strange, you had the checklist of the things you did  just in case  but when the time comes when it  is the case  you’re still thrown for a loop. Taking another chance look behind you, you were thankful that you didn't lose too much ground with the mask. Again, you muse, you’d always been ever so slightly more swift on your feet Now, with all of your face besides your eyes safely hidden behind the structured fabric mask, and you’d been running long enough a familiar club had come into
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
ExHydra!Reader
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Lovers
Canon-Typical Violence
Reader-Insert
bucky just wanted plums and reader just wanted a girls night out
Memory Loss
Past Brainwashing
Reader is a bit of an asshole at first :)
Youre ex hydra what do you expect
Slow Burn
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Found Family
Reader Needs a Hug
when I say slow burn please know i mean it but I've been told its worth it
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Eventual Smut
but its skippable if its not your vibe

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

