Chapter 1: Where We Are Now
    


Summary:

Dhalia's POV





Chapter Text
That was before. Before everything went to hell.
It all started after the war was won, everyone was celebrating. Everyone that is but me. That would have been fine, if my so-called friends didn’t try forcing me to celebrate. Don’t get me wrong I was happy we were alive and Voldemort was no longer an issue. But I didn’t want to be celebrating, this stupid war has taken practically everything from me.
My parents, my godfather, Uncle Moony.
Yes, you can argue that I still have my friends, Ron and Hermione, but friends would force you to celebrate and parade you in front of others. Nor would they practically drown me in fire whiskey like Ron did.
Ron, to think I once considered him my friend, best friend in fact. I wasn’t expecting him to take advantage of me in my intoxicated state. A state that he had caused to begin with. Nor would I have expected Hermione to yell at me for getting with her boyfriend. No amount of denying or crying had her thinking differently.
It was Draco who found me crying alone in the dungeons. He was angry on my behalf, ranting and raving before taking me to his father and a healer.
I learnt then that the Malfoys, Draco and Lucius at least, did not want anything to do with Voldemort. It was Narcissa who forced them to join, and now with both of them dead they were free to live their lives however they wanted.
“Dahlia Maria Potter! Are you listening?” Draco huffed out rolling his eyes.
“Not really, sorry you lost me” I sheepishly said looking away from his disappointed look he no doubt had on his face.
Becoming friends with the Malfoys, more like family now, came with learning everything about pureblood culture. How to be acting in front of friends, family, enemies. What is appropriate and what isn’t. 
The biggest lesson though was about my Ladyship. I didn’t even know I was a lady! Apparently, I am though, for both the Potter and Black family.
“This stuff is important. With how much money those gits took from you, you need to learn how to manage your finances and properties” the blonde said gently leaning back in his seat.
“I still can’t believe I didn’t realize that all these years” I sighed out. How blind I was to the faults of those around me.
“It wasn’t your fault, Dumbledore had you on so many spells and potions I’m surprised you even knew your name” Draco hissed out angrily.
“That why the goblin healers are the best” Lucius said coming into the study, a smile replacing the troubled look on his face.
“What’s wrong Uncle?” I asked worried.
“Oh, flower how I wish I could tell you it’s nothing” He sighed.
“What happened?” I asked feeling worry start to boil in my chest.
“I’ve made contact with your father, your muggle father” He clarified once he saw my confused look.
“Why is this a bad thing? Does he not want to see her? If so, she didn’t need him in the first place?” Draco hissed out getting up and pacing while glaring at the floor.
“Calm little dragon, that isn’t the case. He has just been hurt but he wants to meet you Dahlia”
“Then what is the bad thing that has you worried Uncle?” I asked him.
“He wants blood, to do a DNA test?” He questioned tilting his head in confusion.
“It’s a test that muggles use to see if you are related” well immersed in the muggle world Uncle Lucius may be, but he isn’t all knowing in that aspect. I’ve come to enjoy filling in the blanks for him, unlike Mr. Weasley who was always so pushy to learn yet never once pulled to effort to actually memorize the details.
“And why is asking for my blood bad?” I asked confused now not knowing why he would be worried.
“You’ve come so far in your studies that I forget you were raised ignorant” Uncle Lucius sadly looked at me.
“Giving blood for someone magical is not done unless you trust the person 100%. You can use blood in a lot of different rituals or bindings” Draco informed taking on his professor voice.
“Like the one that brought Voldemort to his body?” I asked.
“Yes, that is one way. But not all rituals done by blood are evil. There are many marriage rituals, and even adoption rituals that your father James had used on you” Uncle Lucius told me.
“Now, I’ve asked your father to burn the blood once it’s been used. He has assured me that he would. Is that alright with you?”
“I’m alright with it” I nodded my head in agreement.
Ever since I learnt that I had a parent alive I wanted to meet him. If to do that I had to part with some blood I’m fine with that.
“I will be unable to go with you, the new minister doesn’t want me leaving until the entirety of my house arrest is over. But Draco will be going with you” Lucius informed us both.
“Don’t worry father I’ll take care of her, when will we be leaving?” Draco asked, no doubt already thinking of things that needed to be done for us to be ready to leave.
“I’ve booked your flight for tomorrow morning”
I guess I’ll be meeting my muggle father soon. 
Anthony Edward Stark.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Pepper Potts
Harry Potter & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Loki/Tony Stark
Lucius Malfoy & Harry Potter
Draco Malfoy & Harry Potter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Female Harry Potter
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Hurt/Comfort
Steve Bashing
Good Lucius Malfoy
Good Draco Malfoy
Pureblood Culture (Harry Potter)
Pureblood Society (Harry Potter)
Blood Adoption (Harry Potter)
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Family Feels
Slow Romance
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Child Neglect
Neglected Harry Potter
Ron Weasley Bashing
Hermione Granger Bashing
Molly Weasley Bashing
Arthur Weasley Bashing
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Female Loki (Marvel)
Male Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Pepper Potts
Harry Potter & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Loki/Tony Stark
Lucius Malfoy & Harry Potter
Draco Malfoy & Harry Potter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter

