Chapter 1: Widow's Bite
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
            Natasha slipped into the bar, immediately noticing the several pairs of eyes that looked her way.  She could play at being a party girl just as easily as any other role, but there was no need.  She was only after one person, and surveillance indicated that he drank alone.  She easily demurred a man’s offer to buy her a drink, sidestepped a stumbling, drunk woman leaning on her companion, and made her way to the bar.            She got herself a beer to nurse- better than something more alcoholic, it might put her off her game- and cast a brief glance at the man sitting a few seats down, quickly evaluating him in the space of a few seconds.  She could tell that he was young, in his early twenties perhaps, a few years younger than her.  His- fake- identification indicated that he was 21, which probably wasn’t too far off the mark.             He was disheveled- with simple, well worn clothes, a mop of jet black hair, and a slight stubble.  He was isolated, no one approached him, and nothing in his body language welcomed being approached.  He too had a beer that he barely touched.  Why was he at the bar, if he didn’t want to drink and didn’t want to socialize?            The answer was clear, he was killing time.  Surveillance indicated that he spent two nights a week at the bar, drinking a single beer each night.  Most other nights he spent either walking the city aimlessly or just staying in.  He worked in a warehouse- loading and unloading freight and keeping track of stock, but outside of his job he was a ghost.  He passed through the world but didn’t interact with it.            It made Natasha somewhat skeptical that he truly was enhanced.  A person who had supernatural powers would have some sort of purpose in life, right?  Having truly remarkable abilities that defied the laws of nature, only to let your life slip through your fingers, it just didn’t make sense.            Yet…            Natasha had seen more than enough of human nature to know people weren’t so simple, and there were hints in this man’s file that raised a few eyebrows.  As far as Shield could tell, Harry Potter did not exist.  Undocumented immigrants were a dime a dozen, particularly in this part of the country.  Most of them worked under a fake ID, or through under the table agreements with employers.  Undocumented British immigrants… not so common.             But this Harry Potter, there was nothing on him.  No birth records, no citizenship records, no aliases, nothing.  This wasn’t impossible, records got redacted or destroyed, but it certainly indicated that something was going on with this man.  There was a reason for the listless look in his eyes.            Who exactly was Harry Potter?-----            He was torn from his trance by the sound of a drink sliding towards him.  His eyes focused on the glass that the barkeep had served him, a mixed drink.  The woman sitting a few seats down crooked an eyebrow at him and slid over.            She was, by any objective standard, gorgeous.  What the hell did she want to do with him?            Well, that wasn’t the right question.  If her flirtatious smile was any indication, he knew exactly what she wanted to do with him.  The real question was why?            “Err, hi.”            “A brit!” She returned, and held a hand out “Nat.”            “Harry.” After a moment of hesitation, he took it.  “Yes, I’m a brit. Or was, rather.”            “Sounds like a story.”            Harry chuckled; you have no idea.  “Oh yeah, quite a tale.  Lived in a castle.  Pulled a sword out of a stone.  Travelled through time.  Defeated the dark lord.  All the normal British stuff.” It wasn’t quite accurate.  He’d pulled a sword out of a hat, and Voldemort had been alive and kicking when he had died, though he hoped his friends would have been able to send that bastard to hell.            “You’re telling me British books and TV shows aren’t an accurate representation of the UK?  I’m shocked.” Natasha said with an equal amount of deadpan, drawing half a laugh out of Harry.            “Yeah, it’s a total letdown.” Harry said “Now you Americans, you lot are exactly like the shows and movies say you are.”            “I’m not sure if that’s a compliment, or if I should be offended.” Natasha grinned.            “A bit of both.” Harry said cheekily, taking a sip of his drink.  The banter continued on for several minutes, not touching on anything important, simply a mechanism for them to amuse each other.  Harry was surprised at how quickly he’d become comfortable with this woman.  It was just so easy, talking to her, and he found himself wanting to know more, to have something more with her than just a casual conversation. “Haven’t seen you around.  What brings you here?”            “I’m in town for a few weeks for a job.  Decided to see the town.”            “And you went here?” Har
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Wanda Maximoff/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Other(s)
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
Crossover
Crossover Pairings
Explicit Sexual Content
Polyamory
Threesome - F/F/M
Kink Exploration
Femdom
Maledom
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Angst
Porn With Plot
Lots of plot & character development
Other Ships Not Mentioned in Tags
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Action/Adventure
Action & Romance
Team Bonding
Team Dynamics
Superhero Harry Potter
Timeline Shenanigans
Tags withheld to avoid spoilers
Smut
Developing Relationship
Casual Sex

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Wanda Maximoff/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Other(s)
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Skye | Daisy Johnson

