Work Text:
No one knows how the Thursday night poker nights start, but everyone knows who to blame for the stakes.*Tony knows it’s probably his fault that he and Steve Rogers get off on the wrong foot. He knows because Steve is lost, surrounded by people he doesn’t know and he looks so damn relieved to see Tony, says oh my god Howard in this completely heartbreaking way and looks crestfallen when Tony shuts him down, quick and cold.Tony's having a bad day. They dig up Captain America on his dime without telling him and to then to be called Howard on top of that?To put it mildly, Tony doesn't react well.“I’m sorry, I didn’t realize your new hobby was kicking puppies,” Pepper hisses at him, horrified as Agent Coulson hustles Steve away. Tony doesn't miss the way Steve throws glances behind him, hurt and confused.“I’m not my father,” Tony hisses back, already knowing deep down that it was an asshole thing to do. Steve must already feel like the mother of all rugs has been pulled out from underneath him and he doesn't exactly deserve to have the one familiar person turn on him. “And I don’t pretend to be him to time-traveling soldiers who don’t need to be lied to again,” Tony says anyway.Fury narrows his one good eye, says, “We were planning on easing him into the idea, didn’t want to drop a bomb on his head so we improvised.”“How’d that work out for you?” Tony sneers, eying the ragged hole Steve has punched through SHIELD headquarters.He leaves then because he’s seen what he’s come to see and that's the end of it.*Except it isn’t.*“Who gave Thor pop tarts?” Tony demands, glaring at Clint and Natasha who are trying to look innocent which is what they always do when they’re guilty. “You know he gets all... weird.”“He likes them,” Natasha huffs.“Kids like fireworks too,” Tony snaps. “I think we can all agree that not everyone likes things that are good for them or innocent bystanders.”“What do you think it is about pop tarts specifically?” Clint asks around a mouthful of his own.“I don’t know, something about the artificial whatevers,” Tony says with a wave of his hand. Right at that moment, Thor himself comes sliding into the room in a too-big button-down and a pair of Ray Bans perched on his nose.He’s wearing socks and no pants.“Why recreate Tom Cruise movies?” Natasha asks as Thor does a little twirl and they get to see that he is really wearing no pants.“Oh my god, Tom Cruise was wearing underpants!” Clint protests, smacking a hand over his face.“I could not find the correct kind,” Thor actually sings and slides right back out of the kitchen. From somewhere towards the left wing Tony hears what he assumes to be Bruce yelling, “My god, no, my eyes!”“Pop tarts are on the banned list,” Tony says and Clint and Natasha nod solemnly.*It’s not like Steve and Tony don’t talk. They talk all the time.On comms.When they’re on a mission.Tony calls Steve Cap and Steve calls him Iron Man and when they’re working they get along famously, almost inhumanly in tune with each other. Tony thinks that Steve likes the suit more than the contents because Iron Man’s blank metal face is a little less... Tony. Steve gets this shut-down look to him whenever they run into each other sans hero-wear.He’s not really sure how to apologize for that first day and I’m sorry doesn’t seem to quite encompass it.*They might not remember exactly when the poker nights started but everyone remembers why. They have a lot of downtime between missions and need something to occupy it because Natasha, Clint and Thor become like destructive teenagers when they're bored. Tony tries not to feel like a camp counselor but he’s pretty sure he’s one incident away from instituting macaroni art nights and wallet making.Steve doesn’t need that kind of distraction to behave, which is why Tony’s surprised to see him plunk down into the chair next to Thor’s. Thor beams at him and claps Steve on the shoulder with enough force that he probably would have broken anyone else’s collarbone.“What are you doing here?” Tony asks and then winces inwardly when Steve freezes. He’s not sure why he can only speak asshole when Steve is around him.“It’s a... team thing. I’m part of the team, right?” Steve says. His jaw has firmed, mouth a stubborn line but his eyes are unsure. Tony’s come to understand that despite the muscle-bound Adonis exterior, inside Steve is still a skinny kid from Brooklyn walking around with a big 4F stamped on his forehead.“You don’t have anything to bring to the table,” Tony says and boy he is really fluent in asshole tonight, possibly throwing a bit of dickwad into the mix just to spice things up.“I’ll cover him,” Natasha volunteers, eyes narrowed. Apart from Pepper, she’s the scariest woman Tony has ever met, yet like everyone she has a soft spot for Steve.“I have money,” Steve protests and bless him, digs a wad of bills out of his pants pocket.“We do not play for currency,” Thor intones. “Considering the vastness of dear Tony’s resources.”Steve’s eyes go 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
UST

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

