Work Text:
It blindsides him one morning in the middle of his customary third cup of coffee; Steve walks through the door in loose cotton pants, shirt pulled up to wipe the sweat off his face from his usual morning workout, and Tony thinks: adorable.Two seconds later the thought actually registers, and Tony nearly drops his mug. Steve is buried in the refrigerator, ass sticking out, and Tony flees before he can give in to the urge to smack it.  The thing is, though, the thing is this: Tony’s good with physical attraction. He flirts with everyone he meets, automatic as breathing, and can separate ogling and actual personal interaction with a disassociation that’s almost scary. Most of the time he doesn’t even know he’s doing it, and so if a nice ass or those arms passes through his head occasionally, it’s fine, business as normal. If he finds himself thinking somebody is adorable...Well. The last time he wanted to bring somebody home with him to stay was with Pepper, and look how that turned out.  He can’t turn it off. Every time Steve walks into a room Tony has to look, eyes lingering on the curve of his spine, the soft hair at the nape of his neck, trim waist and thick thighs, the plush set of his lower lip. Even worse, he finds himself cataloguing the way Steve’s hair flops over his forehead and how he stashes pencils in unobtrusive places, noting how he goes outside regularly to throw crumbs to the pigeons and squirrels. He’s like a goddamn fairy-tale princess, with the singing woodland animals and shit, except Disney princesses were never able to take out kevlar-reinforced sandbags with a single punch.When Tony finds himself stuffing his crusts back inside the bag inside the freezer for Steve to use in his feeding outings, he decides enough is enough.“I need help,” he tells Pepper as soon as she picks up the phone.“Of course you do,” Pepper sighs. Tony would feel offended, except, you know, it’s kind of true. “What is it this time?”“It’s not bad!” Tony protests. “I didn’t do anything!”“Uh-huh,” Pepper says, dryly unconvinced.“It’s Steve’s fault!”“Steve?” Tony can practically see Pepper changing gears, from fix whatever Tony did to the company to just normal exasperation. Is it bad that Pepper’s default emotion with him is exasperation?“What did you do to Steve?” she continues. Tony decides that no, exasperation is fine, because Pepper is fond of him. So there.“Hey, who said I did anything?” Tony protests. “I didn’t do anything. He’s the one going around being all edible and adorable and, and kind to fluffy animals that are actually really vicious, and did I mention that he lets Clint have the remote when the guy asks? I mean, really?”Pause. “Tony, are you telling me you have a crush on Captain America?”“Help, Pep,” Tony tries, but knows it’s a lost cause. Pepper laughs, tells him to be a man, and then hangs up. He stares at his phone, forlorn.“Who died?” Clint says, popping up out of fucking nowhere. Jesus. Between him and Natasha, Tony should just laser-alarm the whole place. Or get Jarvis to warn him whenever anybody approaches, that would work too.“What? Nobody. Don’t you have,” Tony flaps his hand, “arrow-practice? Or something?”Clint gives him an unimpressed look. What’s with everybody being unimpressed with him today, he’s amazing, if they need a reminder he can totally build a killer robot or a smartjet or something, oh, he should start designing a jet, jets are cool. Also, useful.“Are you mooning over Cap again?” Clint says. “Because it’s kind of weird and creepy, you know that?”“What?” Tony snaps. “I’m not mooning over Cap--Steve. And I’m not creepy!”“You tell yourself that,” Clint says, gives him a look, and leaves. And okay, what is that, does everybody but him get together and practice those looks and tell each other hey, let’s use these on Tony because we are gigantic asses, it’ll be fun? Because it isn’t fun. It’s annoying.He goes down to his lab and creates an entire skeleton for the greatest jet ever invented, and completely misses dinner.  “Hello, Tony,” Steve says from in front of the sink. He’s washing dishes. Tony didn’t even know they had dishwashing gloves, that’s what dishwashers are for, why is Steve washing dishes by hand?“You know we have dishwashers, right?” he says, and then curses inwardly when Steve’s face falls.“I just like--” Steve starts, and Tony backpedals.“No, no, you can do what you want, mi casa es su casa, et cetera.” Tony waves. “I’m just gonna -- get my coffee--”“Tony,” Steve says firmly, and Tony stops. Fuck, training is giving him bad habits, listening when somebody gives him an order, it’s bullshit, but Steve is looking at him with serious eyes and he can’t quite bring himself to pull away--“Yeah?” he says when it doesn’t seem like Steve is going to go on, and Steve blinks and turns off the water. Crap. It’s never good when people give you their full attention; Tony’s eyes flick to the coffee maker. Steve shifts to block his view, subtle and causal enough to be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

