Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“I was 12. I remember being sat down in one of our kitchen chairs, it was dark wood and unfortunately set on for too long, I remember that our kitchen was outdated, everything in our kitchen was a fire hazard. I remember that the small metal table was set in the left corner of the room, next to it was the window that had the fire escape. I remember there was an old brick building across the alley. But no one lived in the building.”

   “I remember I just got new black shoes for school, I wanted to show my dad so my mom let me wear them from the store. I was wearing knee high off white socks and a dress, I had forgotten the color but I know it was my favorite. 

I remember my dad kissing my forehead, he had to leave. He promised he’ll be back and I know that my feet couldn’t touch the ground. I had to watch him leave.”
 
“That’s the last thing I remember. Him leaving, my eyes were red and puffy, my mom holding me back so I couldn’t run. I couldn’t sleep anymore after that.”
 
“What happened after that?”
 
“He was found 3 days later 25 miles away in an empty field alone...a bullet to the side of the head. It was ruled a suicide.”
 
Anastasia looked at her therapist then looked at the gray stoned wall behind her, the 28 year old dug her nails into the white chair she was currently sitting in. Her throat got heavy, like barbed wire wrapping around them tightly.
 
“Anastasia..,do you believe it was a suicide?” Her therapist asked, she had a pen in hand ready to write on the notepad.
 
Anastasia signed, the young woman pondered this question for most of her life. She never learned what her father did for work, 2 weeks after the funeral her mother sold almost everything and the pair boarded a plane to St.Petersburg Russia where her mother was originally from. When Anastasia finally did question her mother about her father, she said that it was because of the stress of just being laid off and having to support a family. Or because he was an alcoholic and depressed and wanted to find a way out. 
 
“I mean...probably at this point, it’s not like I can get the answers from my mom,” She replied with some Snarkiness. Anastasia left Russia around 9 years to attend NYC for creative writing and journalism, New York was somewhat cheaper because no one wanted to live where aliens had just invaded.

  “And she was a part of the snap...correct?” The therapist asked. Yet another question about the snap Anastasia thought.
 
She was a part of the 50% that survived it. The snap,
 
“Look, if you’re gonna tell me to call her, it’s not like she actually liked me, I was more of a chore to her. The only reason why I was brought into this world was because my dad knocked her up and they had to get married,” Anastasia explained.
 
It was true, her mom resented her. What was the point in talking to a woman who never wanted to have you. Anastasia looked above her therapist again to check the white clock. 

5:00 PM.

 
“Even though this session has ended doesn’t mean we’re done talking about it,” Her Therapist said clicking the pen.
 
“See you next week Catherine,” Anastasia said with a smile getting up. 
 

Finally free. 

Anastasia thought as she entered the sidewalk from the building, she looked up seeing blue sky and smiled. The 28 year old Brunette had 5 more weeks of mandated therapy, she never liked to talk about her problems nor liked therapists. She was perfectly fine on her alone and didn’t need anyone to fix her and tell her everything was gonna be okay. If Anastasia had might it this far then she was doing something right.

  Her job is currently making everyone do at least 6 weeks of mandated therapy since everyone came back. She tried to opt out but they said ‘Therapy or being fired’. Anastasia needed to keep a stable job for once so therapy was it. She walked home the 10 blocks, she lived in a tiny studio apartment for cheap in New York, Anastasia reminded the landlord of his daughter who passed away. 
 
Anastasia looked like your average person, 5 ft 7’’, light brown hair with brown eyes. She didn’t stand out from the crowd. 
 
It was a quiet walk home, the sun was about to set and people slowly but sure returning home. Anastasia noticed that people were spending more time with their family and friends and taking in life more. Since everyone came back it seems like they’re appreciating life more. Which Anastasia sometimes craved, but that was a rare feeling.

  Anastasia pulled her keys out from her bag as she arrived at her apartment building then quickly entered it, she walked to the elevator to go to her 8th floor home. It was 5:30 but she was exhausted. She often cooked microwavable Mac and cheese or white rice, she wasn’t the best cook nor she had the energy to cook a nice meal. 
 
The small elevators opened, Anastasia walked down the hall and saw her apartment door - 819. As she arrived, her neighbor from across the hall opened his door to leave.
 
“Hi apartment 820,” She said with a smile a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Helmut Zemo/Original Character(s)
Bucky Barnes/Sam Wilson
Helmut Zemo & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Old Friends
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Zemo learning to be human again
Mentions of Suicide
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Childhood Trauma
Mommy Issues
Soft Helmut Zemo
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson relationship
Friends to Lovers
Gun Violence
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Hydra (Marvel)
Hydra mention
The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (TV) Trailers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
post the falcon and the winter soldier

fandom: 
Helmut Zemo/Original Character(s)
Bucky Barnes/Sam Wilson
Helmut Zemo & Original Female Character(s)

