Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Summary:

Steve Rogers is not in the habit of picking kids up off the street but, when faced with a tiny waif of a boy with the greenest eyes he's ever seen and a soul that seems to cry out to Steve for help... well, just what did people expect him to do?





Chapter Text
Steve Rogers wasn't sure quite what SHIELD had expected him to do after everything that went down in New York, but as far as he was concerned, he deserved a break. Of course, SHIELD hadn't been thrilled with Steve's plan to go on a tour of the world, but after a long conversation with SHIELD's Director, Nick Fury, wherein Steve had explained that if they wanted a fully functional superhero they need to give him time to adjust to the shock of crashing a plane in the 1940's and waking up in 2012, the agency had reluctantly allowed him to take off on his own. Tony Stark, Howard's kid, had been less agreeable to the idea of Steve not immediately moving into his tower - and wasn't that ridiculous? Who needs a whole tower with their name slapped on the side? - to become a team. Tony, despite seemingly resenting Steve for... something had tried to convince Steve to stay and when that hadn't worked, he'd called Steve every day on the mobile telephone that the soldier still didn't understand. It might have been endearing if it wasn't so annoying. Still, if fumbling with modern technology to talk to an overgrown child each day was what it took to for Steve to be allowed a holiday, he'd do it. He had a gut feeling that touring around the world was exactly what he needed to do, and his gut feelings were rarely wrong.
 
He'd started his first day in England in a modest hotel room in London and had wandered around the city for most of the morning. Like New York, the city had changed immensely since Steve had last been there, but it didn't carry the same heart-wrenching familiarity as his home city. Steve felt far more comfortable here. By the time lunch came around, Steve had another gut feeling creeping up on him - just the same as the one that had told him to go to Europe. Steve decided quickly on following this new gut feeling, just as he had the first. By dinner time, he found himself driving through a neighbourhood just outside of Ashford in Surrey. If Steve were honest, the neighbourhood - Little Whinging - gave him the creeps; every house was exactly the same with whitewashed fences and meticulously manicured front lawns. There was absolutely no personality in any of it. 
 
Steve had just turned on to a road called Privet Drive when he was forced to slam his brakes on, almost throwing himself from the seat of his bike as a small child ran out into the road. The kid couldn't have been much older than six and they were sprinting like they had the hounds of hell on their heels. "Watch it, kid! You could'a been seriously hurt!" Steve called after them. The kid didn't even pause, they just kept on running. Steve sat on his bike for moment, removed his helmet and scratched at his head. He was just debating the benefits of going after the kid when another ran out into the road. This one was blonde, grossly overweight, had to be at least three years older than the first and held a gleeful grin on his pink face. He was quickly followed by a gang of other children, all smaller than him but much larger than the first child."Come on, Freak!" the fat kid shouted as he reached the pavement on the other side of the road. "You know Mummy said that you have to play with me!""Bog off, Dudley!" Steve heard the first child shout in response, though they sounded quite far away now. The gang following the second child sped ahead of their leader and were soon out of Steve's sight. There was a loud cry of pain followed by the vicious jeers of children. The fat child, who was still trying to catch up to his friends let out a triumphant yell of victory and sped up. Steve muttered an oath and swung himself off his motorbike. He pushed down the kickstand, shoved his keys into his pocket and stuffed his helmet under the seat before rushing off towards the sounds of fighting. He was not impressed by what he found.
 
Just around the corner from where he had almost hit the scrawny kid, Steve found them curled up on the ground, in the sort of defensive position that came from experience - their head was tucked down against their chest and their knees where drawn up to protect their vital organs. The other children had formed a ring around them as their leader kicked at them. Steve could hear the kid whimpering as they were caught in the ribs. "Hey!" he called. The ring of children spun around to face him, but the largest attacker didn't pause - apparently oblivious to the presence of an adult. "Hey!" Steve tried again. "Stop that! What on earth's do you think you're doing?" The kid paused for a moment, and then turned around and kicked viciously at the body on the ground once more.
"See you later, Freak," he hissed before motioning to his friends an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Steve Rogers
harry potter & the avengers
Eventual Peter Parker/Harry Potter

freeform: 
The Avengers (2012) Compliant
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Adopts Harry Potter
Not Canon Compliant - Harry Potter
Harry Potter Needs a Hug
Abused Harry Potter
POC Harry Potter
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
The Avengers Collect Strays
Smart Harry Potter
Magically Powerful Harry Potter
Evil Albus Dumbledore
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Albus Dumbledore should fuck off
Minerva McGonagall is a good person
Severus Snape Being a Bastard
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Bisexual Peter Parker
Gay Harry Potter
Tags May Change
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Gen Z Harry Potter
Harry Potter Gets the Love He Deserves
Adopted Harry Potter
Canon Divergence
Slow Burn
Fast Burn Familial Relationships
harry doesn't go to hogwarts

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Steve Rogers
harry potter & the avengers
Eventual Peter Parker/Harry Potter

