Work Text:
  Peter Parker has never felt so betrayed in his life. The spider that had bit him had given him super strength, fixed his eyesight, given him abs, endurance, the ability to stick to walls, a sense that had him dodging danger before it occurred (most of the time. Peter was still trying to work out how it worked). He could do things he had always dreamed of doing but it couldn’t stop the flu! What was even the point of having super-powers if he still caught the flu? (“Geeze kid, have you been taking drama lessons from Tony?” “Happy, I’m dying!” “You’re snotting all over my backseat is what you are doing.”) So maybe hanging out with Ned while he was sick wasn’t the best idea. But Peter had just gotten a new Lego set that he knew would cheer Ned up. Peter hadn’t been sick since he got bitten and thought that he was now immune to sickness. That had been quickly proven wrong when Peter had rushed out of third period to hurl his guts up and by the time he had finished, Happy was waiting to pick him up. Peter had spent three days wrapped up in bed, was fed bought chicken soup by May when she wasn’t on shift, texted with Tony (“Mr. Stark! DUM-E needs an Easter present. A handmade jumper with a fire extinguisher on it.” “Kid, how high is your fever?”) and dozed on and off, never really sure if he was awake or not. He had then spent another two days on the couch before May deemed him healthy enough to return to school the following week. Except, when he returned to school, Peter found it feeling rather empty. Ned hadn’t been there to meet him at his locker and hadn’t responded to any of Peter text’s that morning. As Peter collected his things for his first class, feeling glum that Ned still hadn’t arrived, he looked around for MJ, but she was absent too. Abe, Betty and even Flash were nowhere to be seen. Peter settled into his chair, surprised that he was the first to arrive and waited for his classmates. Only, no-one showed up. Confused, Peter packed up his things ten minutes into the class and wondered the now empty halls of the school to the office. He pushed open the doors, feeling the heat of the secretary’s heater as he entered. He approached the desk, not sure as to what he was supposed to say. How do you explain that you think your entire class has been abducted by aliens? (and Peter was only half kidding with that thought. With his luck, it was a likely scenario.) “Um, excuse me?” Peter asked. The woman behind the desk looked up, offering Peter a kind smile. “Hello. Can I help you?” “Umm, yes. My class hasn’t shown up and I was wondering…I don’t really know where they are?” Peter stumbled over his explanation, stomach twisting with nerves. “Alright. What’s your name and class?” the secretary asked. Peter rattled of the information she required and rocked on his heels as he waited. The secretary made a humming noise under her breath, her eyes flickering across the screen as she read the information available to her. “Okay, so it looks like your class if on a field-trip today,” the secretary said. She looked up to Peter, her face full of sympathy. “The bus left at 8:30 this morning.” “Field trip?” Peter frowned. “I didn’t know we were going on a field trip.” “It says here that the permissions slips were to be handed back by last Friday,” the secretary read off the screen. “Did you hand yours in?” “I was out sick,” Peter swallowed. “Nobody told me about the trip.” “Oh,” the secretary blinked. “Oh dear, they must have forgotten to add a note in to call your guardian about it.” She bit her lip and Peter could rapidly see her trying to think of a solution. “Let me just call the principal. Take a seat, Peter. We’ll get this sorted out.” Peter nodded and trudged over to the seats that were available. He slouched in the chair, heart sinking in his chest. Hopefully they would just let him go home early. If they did, maybe he could go by the tower and see Tony for the first time in a week. He was surprised at how much he had missed his mentor and hanging out with him. He just hoped that Aunt May hadn’t told Tony that in his delirious state, Peter had called him dad. 
 Ned couldn’t believe that he had left his phone at home. He desperately wanted to text Peter and ask where he was. His best friend had said he was feeling better and would be there on Monday. Ned had been so excited to go a field-trip with his best friend. The last one they went on, Peter had been bitten by a radioactive spider. Ned couldn’t wait to see what happened on this one. But when the bus had pulled up to take them to Stark Tower for their Field Trip, Peter still hadn’t shown up. Flash had been particularly smug, but Ned wondered if maybe Peter was just going to meet them there. It would make sense at Peter spent a lot of time at the Tower (and Ned still couldn’t believe that his best friend hung out with Tony Stark!). Except, when they arrived and were ushered in and met by their tour guide, Peter wasn’t there either. “Mr. Harrington,” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Sick Peter Parker
Sick Character
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Stark Industries
Stark Industries Employee Peter Parker
Stark Industries interns - Freeform
Original Character(s)
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Precious Ned Leeds
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Nobody believes Peter has an internship
Another Field Trip Fic
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Awesome Michelle Jones
Minor Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Fluff
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker calls Tony Stark dad
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Happy Ending
ALL THE FLUFF
no tears here today
Tony Stark plays favourites
All the interns know it
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Intern POV

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

