Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
.I.CoulsonTony easily shuffles through the cards he was handed earlier by Agent, neat little lines presenting him with the ‘solution’ for how to sell the events of the past couple of days to the press, just enough details to make things believable to the press and the public, the excuses and the inherent cover-up of it all.“There’s nothing about Stane here?” Tony comments absently, holding still as Pepper continues to dab at his face, covering up the bruises for his press conference, all the while he continues perusing the cards with that purposely casual air around him that makes it seem like he doesn’t quite care, like he is only pretending for politeness’ sake and can’t even be bothered to try very hard at selling the pretense at that.It’s something he has long since perfected, appearing like he doesn’t care by pretending to pretend to care. People very rarely bother to look deeper than that, recognizing the pretense, see what he might be trying to hide, and then thinking themselves clever for having seen past Tony’s first layer of deception, happy to leave it at that and never once considering that there might be more to be found if one would only deign to look deeper.“That’s being handled,” Agent replies, neutrally. “He’s on vacation,” he supplies. A pause for emphasis, the slightest head tilt. “Small aircrafts,” he adds on casually, in a way that isn’t actually casual at all. “They have such a poor safety record.”Ah. A tragic accident is apparently about to take his godfather from him. How sad.And how wonderfully convenient that an ‘accident’ would also nicely preclude Tony from ever pointing fingers at Obie without seeming like he is trying to shift any blame potentially found in the future onto a dead man.Still, Tony doesn’t comment, just moves on to the next point to nitpick at. Like he didn’t note the fact that his godfather’s death is going to be turned into some sort of tragedy, like he doesn’t care that Obie’s involvement in it all, in Tony’s abduction and in the illegal weapons dealing and in tearing their city apart, is about to be brushed under the rug. Just as Tony’s own part in it all will be hidden, kept away from the public’s eye, covered up. At least for now. Most likely right until someone behind the scenes decides how to make use of it.Sure, it not like this is the first time he is being handed some readily prepared cover-up, some excuses to explain this or that away, so as to not alarm the public. To the contrary. He has been working with the military and various intelligence agencies and the government itself for literally decades at this point, so he is rather used to this sort of thing, knows this song and dance by heart.But usually it’s some military liaison or one of the brass, or the FBI, or – on some rather memorable occasions – even the CIA who hands him these sorts of cards.  SHIELD is new. SHIELD is an unknown.And, so far, Tony has to say he isn’t particularly impressed.He looks up, grins at Agent, proceeds to make some flippant comment – the sort of joke that would be expected from Tony Stark, at least by anyone who doesn’t know him, something sarcastic and witty and mostly about himself and how wonderful he thinks he is – broadcasts his perfect delight at his own humor in his expression. And not giving away the fact that he is simply assessing the agent across from him for his reaction.Who doesn’t really react at all – which is fine, secret agent and all that – as his expression remains even impressively bland. But Tony knows that look in the agent’s eyes, knows the dismissal, the clear disregard of someone thinking their job done after having handed over the cover-up, after having told Tony what to do, and now expecting spoiled, careless Tony Stark to do as told and not really think about the implications, the far-reaching consequences of it all.Clearly, whatever sort of agency ‘SHIELD’ might turn out to be, it has bought Tony’s public persona hook, line, and sinker.
Hm, that’s somewhat disappointing. 
Still, he just blinks lazily as the guy finally steps away, so clearly thinking his job done, watches him talk to Pepper, as Tony absently ruminates over the fact that the guy has apparently been trying to contact him before, trying to get close to Tony or to Pepper under the guise of being just a boring government employee from some boring department sent to work with SI. Then again, for all that Agent’s presence had been utterly useless in the end, he and the SHIELD agents assigned to him had clearly tried to come to Pepper’s aid when she asked for it after Obie went entirely off the rails, so Agent does get points for that.Tony would even be willing to let their attempt at getting closer to him while intent to slither past his usual contacts slide, despite the fact that SHIELD had been no use whatsoever and it had still entirely fallen to Tony to take care of Obie by himse
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

freeform: 
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Salt
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Fix-It
Friendship
Family
Team Iron Man
Tony-centric

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

