Work Text:
  Peter had once told Ned that Spider-man wasn’t a party trick. Peter wishes that he had remembered that when Ned came to him with the idea of starting Spider-Man’s own Instagram account. The photos started off simple; a skyline here, secret rooftop gardens he found while patrolling. Then the photos got a little bolder; Spider-Man hanging off a bridge, a shot of him backflipping off a tall tower, a selfie on top of the Empire State building. The account skyrocketed. He had millions of followers that watched his account daily. It was a rush. Peter and Ned’s own personal accounts had no more than 600 combined and they were constantly losing followers more then they gained them. Maybe he and Ned should have taken a step back and evaluated it. Or at least consulted MJ who would have told them what a bad idea it was and that with Peter’s luck, disaster was sure to follow. But they didn’t and now Peter is laid up in the Med-Bay with a broken spine that could have killed him. He would have been dead had Mr. Stark been in the country but for once there was some luck on his side and his mentor was in Bangkok with Pepper on some SI business. It had been Bruce who had greeted him when he had arrived at the Tower. Ned, very reluctantly (“Peter, I really think we should go to a hospital,” “We can’t. My spider DNA, remember?” “At least tell May.” “Ned, she would murder me before it even had a chance to heal!”), had gotten him to the Tower when he insisted all he needed was one of those pain killers that Tony had specially made for his metabolism. When Bruce had met them (him being the only Avenger currently at the tower) he had gone white as sheet and immediately took him down to the Med Bay. “Tell me exactly what happened?” Bruce demanded as he carefully got Peter onto the bed. Ned had been the one to explain the fall as the medical staff moved around his bed, setting up monitors while Peter gritted his teeth against the pain that was building steadily. It was really starting to hurt, and Peter was regretting everything right now. “Thank you, Ned,” Bruce said when Ned had finished his detailed (and Peter thinks a little embellished. He didn’t look that spastic) re-enactment of Peter’s fall. “Peter, I’m going to take some X-Ray’s just to be sure which bones but I’m sure you have broken something.” “Okay,” Peter gasped out, trying not to let the tears that were welling in his eyes fall. Bruce gave him a sympathetic smile. “Once we know, I’ll get you something for the pain, okay?” Peter made a noise of confirmation, unable to keep the tears at bay any longer. It hurt and he was starting to feel scared. He was so stupid. When May and Tony found out, he was going to be so grounded. They’ll probably even take Spider-Man away from him again and ground him until at least fifty. “You’ll be okay,” Ned whispered, his own tears falling down his cheeks. Ned quickly wiped his face with his sleeve before he took Peter’s hand, giving it a squeeze. This made Peter feel even worse and he hiccupped on a sob. Ned was such a good and loyal friend and Peter felt so bad for scaring him like this. He was so, so stupid. “FRIDAY, take some X-rays, please,” Bruce said. “Ned, I’m going to have someone drop you home, okay.” “But, what about Peter,” Ned sniffed. “We’ll take care of him from here,” Bruce said, his voice soft and calm. “You did the best thing, bringing him here. He’s going to be just fine.” “Okay,” Ned said eventually. He sniffed, turning to face Peter again. “Get better really soon, okay?” “Yeah,” Peter said, voice wavering. “Promise.” Ned nodded and he shuffled out with one of the nurses’ arm around his shoulders. “X-Ray completed, Doctor Banner,” FRIDAY’s voice filtered over the room and they flashed up on a monitor. “Peter appears to have broken the L2 and L3 bone.” Bruce hissed and Peter smothered his sob. “Peter, I’m going to have to call Helen,” Bruce said, turning to face Peter. “This break looks bad and may need some surgery to repair it.” “Surgery?” Peter choked out, eyes widening with fear. “No. No, it will heal. I just have to sleep it off.” Bruce had started shaking his head before Peter had even finished speaking. “That’s not a good idea, Peter. That could end up making things worse.” “Please,” Peter whimpered. He didn’t want surgery. He wanted to go home. “I’m sorry,” Bruce said gravelly. “FRIDAY, call Helen and have her come here as soon as possible. Then call Tony and let him know –“ “NO!” Peter yelled, startling Bruce. He tried to sit up but cried out in pain as he moved. He sunk back into the bed, more tears falling down his cheeks. “No, don’t call Mr. Stark. Don’t!” “Peter,” Bruce hesitated. “He would want to know. He asked us to keep an eye on your while he was away for the week.” “No,” Peter said stubbornly. The truth was, he really wanted Tony. He wanted his mentor to tell him everything was going to be okay, to make light quips and chase away all of Peter’s fears. But he also didn’t want Tony to know 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Minor Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Protective Ned Leeds
Precious Ned Leeds
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Injured Peter Parker
Surgery
BAMF Helen Cho
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Protective Bruce Banner
Medical Inaccuracies
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
References to Drugs
Angst with a Happy Ending
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Worried Tony Stark
Worried Pepper Potts
Worried Bruce Banner
Worried Natasha Romanov
Worried Ned Leeds

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

