Chapter 1: Dropped
    


        Chapter by artwork ink (Onehope)




Chapter Text

 Natasha has been following her target for over a week now. Observing her schedule, mannerisms and way of life. If she didn’t know any better, Natasha would have never thought she was out of place. She blended in so well in her surroundings as a local. Natasha could almost not believe she was one of the biggest threats to the avengers. Almost. 


 The footage Natasha had seen prior to her mission kept her on edge. Making sure to take this target seriously, despite her innocent and almost youthful demeanor. But something about the target seemed odd. Something Natasha just couldn’t place a finger on no matter how hard she tried. 


Natasha followed her for a few more days before she ignored the calls from Fury. This mission was supposed to be a quick in, quick out op. He wanted it handled quickly and effectively, aka neutralizing the threat. But for some reason there was a halt in Natashas planning, something holding her back.  


Natasha knew the target had some powers. Intel showed the target was able to manipulate electricity but no one was quite sure of the strength of their power. She had previously worked under the code name Surge. But intel showed she hasn't used that side of them in awhile, and Natasha never saw it. 


 After a few more days of watching Surge from the background Natasha got an update. Fury. Typical. Natasha thought before opening it. 


“Incase you forgot who you are dealing with. Expect a report tomorrow. -Fury” 


Natasha looked down and clicked the link attached. 


A footage quickly displayed on her screen of Surge taking out 8 people. Working as quickly and effectively as a strike team. Surge started to walk away without a scratch on her but quickly stopped and turned to look over the scene she had just left. Pausing a moment and biting her lip. Natasha watched as she saw a hint of horror cross her face before it quickly disappearing as she walked away. 


Natasha stared at the screen as it went black in front of her. Unable to move from her seat. An unsettling feeling grew in her stomach, the reaction Surge had was one she had felt many times in her life before Shield. At that moment she knew what she needed to do.


The next day Natasha sat and readied her gear. Deciding the best form of action was to go and wait for Surge at her apartment. 


Packing her bag she quickly snuck into Surges apartment and hid in the shadows. Knowing her schedule well Natasha knew she had a good hour before she’d be back. She decided to take a look around the apartment. 


The space was fairly bare, a single mattress on the floor for a bedroom bare. The only personal items she found was a small bag with weapons in it. No pictures, no decorations. Just enough to survive. A way of life Natasha can recognize but has forgotten. 


Keys unlocking the front door pulled Natasha back to reality. Seconds after opening Natasha heard a gun clock. 


“I know you’re in here. Just come out so we can get this over with.” She heard the young woman state. 


Natasha was not surprised that she knew English. Most spies are taught it. However, she was shocked at the lack of any European accent, or any accent for that matter. The voice sounding as any typical American would sound. 


Natasha quickly grabbed her holstered gun and headed towards the voice. Natasha found the young woman standing in the kitchen with her gun on the table next to her. Noticing that she slowly lowered her weapon. Natasha quickly sized up her opponent. She was shorter then Natasha but similar build. She stopped and looked at the young woman's face. Natasha was very good at reading people, something she prides herself in. But for once in her life she came up blank. The eyes looking back at her were hollow and the face masked all emotion. 


“So you’re the one they sent after me.” The woman finally spoke. Eyeing up Natasha but not moving. 


“We can just talk, turn yourself in. Maybe even get a reduced sentence.” Natasha says holding her gaze. 


The young woman scoffed, “we both know that isn’t true. You’d bury me alive and burn the key.” 


“That isn’t true.” Natasha says looking at her feeling a bit of guilt. It was definitely true. 


“Your orders are to kill me. That's why they sent you, Black widow.” The woman says raising one eyebrow at me. 


“Those might be my orders, but I don’t always follow them. Plus, you seem to be on a good streak Surge.” Natasha says, adding in the name after she dropped black widow. But Natasha clearly sees it’s a mistake. She can visibly see the woman tense in front of her, closing her eyes and shaking her head a moment before opening them again. This time her glare landed on Natasha. 


“Don’t call me that.” The woman spits out. 


“Sorry it’s just the only name I was given.” Natasha says, taking a retreating step. 


Quickly the woman across from her picks up her gun and aims it right at Natasha. Natasha instantly grabs hers a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Reader

freeform: 
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
Wetting
Diapers
Angst
Fluff
bottle
Natasha Romanov Feels
Bigs and littles are known
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
caretaker!Natasha
Caretaker!wanda
Little!Reader

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Reader

