Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Prologue – Chapter 1
Tony was grieving and it was very hard to bring himself back.
When Tony came home from space he was emaciated and barely clinging to life. Gone was the proud, sarcastic and eccentric man. He looked older than anyone could ever remember seeing him and there was something in his eyes that spoke of unmentionable horror. The look of defeat.
Guilt consumed him and the trauma of losing Peter, his kid. Peter vanishing into nothing but ash right in his arms and it was too much for Tony to bear. The first few months he rarely slept and barely ate. His all-consuming guilt made his stomach twist into knots and his appetite had all but disappeared.  When he was forced to eat, the food either had no taste or even worse; it tasted like the dust Peter had turned into which seemed to be an ever-present taste he couldn’t get rid of.  Why should he deserve to eat when he failed Peter so miserably?   
The weight he had lost on the journey back to earth took its toll on his body and he was weak and lethargic. The wound he had received on Titan was hardly healing but Tony couldn’t bring himself to care. Losing against Thanos and losing Peter nearly destroyed him. He made it no secret that he wanted to give up.
It had taken Tony almost an entire year to get his health back to normal, the announcement of Pepper being pregnant pulling Tony back to reality. It had been the shock to his system that he needed. The news had brought back the spark inside him he thought had died on Titan, along with Peter.  
Slowly, he begun to pull himself out of the horrible grips of despair so he could be strong for his baby. He had made a vow to himself that he would never be his father and he knew Peter would be devastated to see him like this. 
He slowly started getting a little better over time. It was a slow process. There were still days when he couldn’t get out of bed or bring himself to eat. These days were brought on by the nightmares. Always the same. Always of Peter fading into nothing and the kid’s last words ringing in his ears, “Mr. Stark. I don’t feel so good” ” on repeat.  Just like on Titan, he just stood there holding him until he turned into dust and couldn’t save him, even in his dreams only having to wake up to the reality it was all real.
Those days were always followed by such a strong sense of remorse that his body felt so heavy he could barely lift his head off the pillow.  If he stared long enough, he could make out images of spider web designs from the cracks in the ceiling as he laid there unable to move.  
Those were the days that everyone understood to just let him be.  This was something only time could fix.
Nobody judged him though. Sometimes he didn’t know if this made things better or worse. The guilt never fully went away for him.  He was still in mourning but he started to improve with the help of Pepper and Rhodey, everyone who loved him gave him all the time he needed to heal. But not one day went by that he didn’t think about Peter.
When Morgan H Stark was born it was the proudest, happiest moment of his life. He still thought of Peter every single day and the hurt was still there but not as deep or painful. The first time he held her he couldn’t help but think of him, how he wished he was here to hold her for the first time too. He knew Peter would have loved her. He could just imagine the kid’s soft quiet voice saying “Oh my god, Mr. Stark, she’s so tiny!  I don’t think I could hold her though, I might drop her.” and he would answer smiling back, “Underoos, come here and hold your arms out, you’re sticky, you won’t drop her, I trust you.” He had those conversations in his head all the time.  It helped him heal.   
It was becoming bearable again, he was healing. He had this little bundle of love to take care of now. He had to be there for her and Pepper and it took all his energy do to it.  After a while it didn’t take so much work to start living again.  He was finally starting to become happy despite having Peter in the back of his mind all the time tucked away safe.
He was retired from Iron Man and now living in a beautiful cabin on a lake with his small family, away from the city, from the press and even from the Avengers. He was actually content and happy with his life. He loved Morgan more than he ever thought possible. It took him a long time to get where he is emotionally and he didn’t take advantage of it.
So, four years later, when Steve, Scott and Nat showed up at his house with the proposal of time travel he dismissed it at first because he didn’t want to lose what he had. But all it took was one look at a picture of Peter and he knew he had to at least try. He owed it to Peter to try because he still blamed himself for what happened. He wouldn’t be able to live with himself if he didn’t give it a shot. If it worked, he would have Peter back.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mental Health Issues
Mental Breakdown
Anxiety Attacks
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Eating Disorders
Medical Inaccuracies
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Swearing
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Serious Injuries
Medical Procedures
Dissociation
Self-Esteem Issues
Vomiting
Heavy Angst
Nightmares
Chronal Disassociation
Panic Attacks
Panic
Depression
Sickfic
Don't copy to another site
Tony Stark Lives

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

