Work Text:
Today had been a stressful day. First, he arrived 10 minutes late to first period because the subway was later than the schedule. Then Flash Thompson, bully extraordinaire, hit him around worse than usual. Maybe it had something to do with his parents refusing to buy him a new car which Peter kind of felt bad for or how Peter answered a question that Flash got wrong. Honestly, Flash just sort of always had bad moods because of reasons that Peter mostly did not have control over.After that, his Chemistry teacher gave him detention next week for staring out of the window too long. Peter swears he would have listened to her discussion if he didn't already know the lesson. He learned all about the oxidation of aldehydes and ketones ages ago when he was lonely and had nothing to do. Sue him, he was bored out of his mind.And after his day, one would think he couldn't have experienced more bad luck, right? Wrong! The universe decided to fuck with Peter even more by sending in a horde of flame-throwing, breakdancing robots. Peter couldn't believe it when  Tony called. "Breakdancing robots?! Are you kidding?"Over the phone, the Iron Man thrusters could be faintly heard. Obviously amused, Tony answered "No, Roo. They have disco lights and everythin - Shit! That was close. Katniss, Can you cover me? - So, you coming or what?"
Which brings him to this moment. Currently, Peter was lamenting his bad luck - stupid parker luck! Why can't I just have one day that’s normal? The breakdancing robots were trickier than one would expect.Apparently, fighting a robot which fought using dance moves was hard because the attack patterns were weird but also he didn’t know anything about dance aside from twerking and even that was debatable.Towards the end, the robots were able to catch him by surprise and burn part of his mask off.So, here he was, in Avengers' tower, facing a group of adults all sporting looks that ranged from mild disappointment to furious.Staring at him for a minute, Clint said furiously with a look of extreme constipation, "Damn, kid! How old are you?”Defensive, Peter tilted his chin up and said, "I'm nearly 16." Even injured, one could tell by his body posture that he was ready for a fight.Hearing the scraping of a chair, Peter turned towards the sound. Steve Rogers had that face on. Not the I totally understand what you're going through face that Peter expected, since Mr. Rogers kind of signed up for the army at 15, but the I know better than you face he was sporting when Peter fought him in Germany. You know. Like a hypocrite."Son, you need to stop this business. You're too young.""There are bad things out there, kid. There are twisted people that you would never be able to fathom. What happens when someone dies because of you? When you won't be able to turn to us or Tony for help?" Natasha added, her contempt evident.Scowling, Peter brushes a hand through his chocolate brown hair trying to stop himself from walking out. He really did not need this right now. "You do know that I've been doing this for a while, right? You could stop discrediting and questioning my ability just because of my age, thanks."By the opposite corner of the room, Mr. Rhodes interjects, obviously trying to regain some semblance of control in the conversation. "That's not what she meant, Pete -" but, Mr. Rogers continues to speak. "You're too young. You don’t know what we heroes have to face in this business. She's right, kid. What happens when you can't save someone in time? What if -"Yeah, no.Zoning out, Peter thinks about the way the Avengers have been treating him. Aside from Tony, Mr. Barnes and Mr. Rhodes, they all treat him as someone lesser, always talking with a condescending lilt in their voices.  Peter wasn't an idiot. He knew the Rogues still didn’t like Tony so, by proxy, they didn't like him too. Especially since he was able to subdue Falcon and Barnes in Leipzig. Mr. Wilson never really grew out of his grudge like Bucky did. Though, he did look like he was about to protest on his behalf at the moment.Normally, he was fine with putting up with them for a few hours, but Peter had a bad day today and he really didn't want to be dealing with their condescension after helping them out this afternoon.With a tilt of his head, Peter asked, "Mr. Rogers, I thought you of all people would understand the need to save? You signed up for the military when you were 15, right?""That was different, Peter. There was a war an-""What's the difference?"Falling silent, Steve opened and closed his mouth, trying to find an answer. Peter thought he looked not unlike a gaping fish."Mr. Rogers, you have enhanced senses just like I do. You hear, see, feel, taste, smell better than most. Though I guess you could say we are different in a way: the intensity of those senses. You have reached the maximum potential a human is able to achieve but I, on the other hand, surpass your potential entirely because my DNA has mutated to become a spider. Do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
BAMF Peter Parker
Mature Peter Parker
Avengers find out Peter is young
and does NOT like it
Peter rips them a new one
Kind of an introspection
but not really
set after Civil War but before IW
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Identity Reveal
Cross-Posted on FanFiction.Net
Cross-Posted on Wattpad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

