Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Sam was pissed. 
 
He had been following the trucks with Redwing, staying far enough behind them that they had no idea they were being followed, when these 

idiots

 had shown up on 

helicopters

 and ruined 

everything

. 
 
Now Redwing was broken, he lost track of the super’s, and the idiots were driving after him in a car as he tried to call Torres for a pick up. 
 
Sam only got into the car when Torres didn’t pick up, and they offered him a ride to the airport. 
 
“What were you guys even doing there?” Sam finally asked, cutting through whatever weird ass pitch they were trying to throw him. 
 
Like Sam wanted to work with this asshole. 
 
“We have an informant who gave us a lead. Said you would probably be the middle of the action, and the easiest way to find you, was to find Redwing.” 
 
“You hacked my tech?” 
 
“It’s not technically yours, it’s the government’s. And I’m, well-” Walker gestured to himself. 
 
Sam waved him off in disgust, “right, whatever. Who the hell is this informant?” 
 
“That’s confidential information, Sam,” Walker said, with his smug-ass smile. “But, if you were to join our team, you could be in on all our confidential intel.” 
 
“Uh-huh.” They had to track Sam to know where to go, but Walker thought they had any info he was dying to get. 
 
His cell started to buzz in his pocket. Sam hoped it was Torres, because he wasn’t staying in this Jeep another minute. 
 
Walker was going on about how he wasn’t replacing Steve, he was just being the best Captain America he could be. And then he made it worse by calling Sam Steve’s fucking ‘wingman.’ 
 
“It’s always the last line,” Sam said with a shake of his head, before jumping out of the Jeep. 
 
Walker was a prick. He could figure this shit out on his own. 
 
-- 
 
It took Sam an embarrassingly long time to think of Sharon. The last time he and Steve were in hot water, she’d been there to help them. He figured he might as well try to get her help again. 
 
It took him an even more embarrassingly long time to find her. 
 
“Where the hell is 
Madripoor?” 
 
Torres looked over at him. He’d been kind enough to fly Sam on a lead to Turkey, and was sticking as long as his base was letting him. 
 
“Madripoor? Isn’t that like, a pirate island?”
 
Sam looked at him, “you know where it is?” 
 
“Yeah, I can’t take you all the way there though, the higher up’s wouldn’t like that very much.” 
 
Sam clapped him on the shoulder, “take me as close as you can, man, I’ll figure out the rest.” 
 
-- 
 
After a plane ride, a boat ride, a walk through the shadier side of Madripoor, Sharon ended up being the one to find him. 
 
She didn’t look too happy to see him. 
 
“Sam, what the 

hell

 are you doing?” She snarled as she dragged him out of the party and into the street. “You’re walking around lower Madripoor without even a hat on. Are you 

trying

 to get killed?” 
 
“I’ve been trying to find you!” 

Sharon rolled his eyes, still dragging him through the street. “I already told Zemo, I’m not fucking helping you guys. The American government can suck my ass.” 
 
“Wait,” Sam grabbed her hand, pulled them to a stop. “Zemo? He’s in prison- and what would he have to do with the American government?” 
 
“I mean, he showed up with the new Captain America, who seems to think he 

is

 the American government, so-” 
 
“Walker is here?” 
 
Sharon shrugged, started walking again. Sam followed. “Was here. They didn’t make it far, before people started shooting. I helped them find the best way out, but only because I don’t need that type of drama going on when I’ve got business planned tonight.” 
 
“Okay, wait,” Sam narrowed his eyes, trying to figure this out, “Zemo is with Walker? And they’re working together? Why?” 
 
“Looking for the doctor who makes the super soldier serum, but I already told them I’m not helping, so don’t even bother asking.” 
 
“Hm.” Sam didn’t like this. Walker was pulling shady shit, pulling Zemo out of prison like that. And how did he even think of Zemo? Something felt off, but he didn’t know what…
 
“Do you have a ride out of here?” Sharon asked. 
 
“Uh-” 
 
Sharon rolled her eyes, “do you have a place to stay?” 
 
“... not exactly.” 
 
“For fuck- one night. You can stay with me for 

one

 night, and then you’re gone.” 
 
“Works for me,” Sam grinned, “and while we’re at it, you can tell me what the hell you’re doing in Madripoor.” 
 
Sharon rolled her eyes again. 
 
-- 
 
Sam wasn’t all that impressed with himself when he found out Sharon had been on the run since they stole the shield. He hadn’t ever thought to check on her, but… he kind of assumed Steve had? 
 
He sighed, avoiding a girl’s waving arms. He was also not that impressed that Sharon’s ‘business’ involved a giant raging party. 
 
He didn’t have a name, a lead, nothin. And on top of the nothing, he now had 

guilt

. 
 
If he had only had time to put a tracker on those t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Awesome Sam Wilson
Angst
Bad guy John walker
Mental Health Issues
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Hospitals
Medication
Mental Institutions
Emotional Manipulation
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Non-Linear Narrative
BAMF Ned Leeds
Bucky Barnes whump
Protective Sam Wilson
Canon-Typical Violence
BAMF Sam Wilson
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Disordered Eating
Slow Burn
its like the slowest of burns
Oblivious Sam Wilson
Past Riley/Sam Wilson
Bucky Barnes is Bad at Feelings
First Kiss
Awesome Sarah Wilson (Marvel)
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Fluff and Smut
First Time
Angst with a Happy Ending
Sam Wilson Needs a Hug
Sam Wilson Gets a Hug
Sam Wilson Saves the Day

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

