Chapter 1: "Stop dropping your damn shoes."
    


Notes:
Also seen on Tumblr: https://clints-lucky-arrow.tumblr.com/post/647988058032128000/helmut-zemo-x-reader-sam-wilson-xEDIT 27 JUNE 2021: Sadly I now need to post a little note in here to say please don't take "inspiration" from my fics. Being inspired by the story to go and write your own unique tale is absolutely fine, and not what I'm referring to here. What I am talking about is taking my layout of events, dialogue and themes, and slightly rewording them until they are clear attempts to copy or replicate what I've done. I don't appreciate what borders the line of outright plagiarism.There have been three separate incidences that I've been told of where people wrote what are basically Call It A Night copies. I put a lot of work into my stories, and strive to make each piece unique and different to the works of others. If I can extend such consideration, the same can be afforded to me. I also do not give permission for this work to be translated or reposted elsewhere.




Chapter Text
With a laugh, Sam watches as you all but stumble into the nearby wall. “Stop dropping your damn shoes.”The pair of black heels - on loan from Sharon - clatter loudly to the wooden floor again. It’s been the fourth time that they’ve slipped from your grasp since leaving the pulsating gallery downstairs and heading back up to her apartment. Even now, the vibrations of music make their way through the air, signifying that the party below is not quite over. But you’ve had enough, and everyone knows it, so it’s time to call it a night. Amusement lighting his eyes, Sam chuckles as you grumble in slightly tipsy exasperation, and push yourself back upright. As you sway a little unsteadily, his head shakes fondly as another laugh rumbles from his chest. “I told you that all those shots would catch up on you. You were Blipped for five years. It’s going to take time for that old tolerance to regrow.”Not trusting yourself with an appropriate retort, you decide to just flip him the middle finger instead. He mock-winces, one hand rising to press against his heart as if deeply wounded, before whirling away with his signature mischievous smile. Your eyes follow him for a moment, a warm fondness building in your chest. Catching yourself before you can stare for too long, you visibly shake it off before bending to retrieve your shoes.Before you can, another arm swoops down to snatch them up in one fluid action. The grace of the movement leaves no doubt to who the chivalrous volunteer is. If you can even call him ‘chivalrous’ after everything he had done in the past. The reminder of his presence filling you with an abrupt nervousness, your gaze flickers upwards to meet Zemo’s. Your apprehensive words come out as a mere murmur. “Thanks.”The Baron’s cologne washes across your face. It’s strong enough to make your head spin, but not in a bad way. The scent is deep, smooth and rich, filling your lungs and urging your alcohol-hazed mind to step closer and take another delicious inhale. Your persistent hesitancy - one that has lingered ever since first making his company two days ago - has still not been completely overshadowed by drunken bravado, and so you manage to restrain yourself.Zemo says nothing, just maintains that intense gaze and silently offers you the shoes. Straightening your back automatically under the keen scrutiny, you reach out to take them. There’s a slight tremor to your hand. The Baron’s quick eyes immediately zoom in upon it. A wave of shame wells in your chest, only strengthened by the obvious glint of amusement that flickers on his face. The edges of his lips are curling into the makings of a sly grin, and his mouth opens as if to say something in that effortlessly caressing tone. Before he can utter whatever roguish taunt graces this thoughts, there is an arm around your back, prompting you forward. Guiding you away from the Baron. Even through the back of your dress, the metal limb is cold. Bucky says nothing, but the taut set of his jaw communicates his inner emotions all too well. He’s not great at lying, and he’s not great at repressing his feelings either. Right now it is easy to tell that he is agitated, that he’s on edge, and that he’s pissed at Zemo for looking at you like that. Mouth twisted into the makings of a snarl, his other hand shoots out to pluck the shoes from the Baron’s grip, pausing only to rest his scathing eyes upon the other man.  One of your hands rises, sliding along the small of Bucky’s back to rub reassuring circles into his skin. Your eyes remain locked on his face, silently calling his attention back. Even in the dim light of the corridor, it’s hard to pull yourself from getting lost in the dark blue of those irises. There’s no denying that he’s one of the most beautiful men you’ve ever seen. The fact that he is so tortured only furthers your desire to be close to him, to provide as much comfort as you can. And so you do, allowing your body 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Sam Wilson/Reader
Helmut Zemo/Reader
Helmut Zemo & Reader
Helmut Zemo/Original Character(s)

freeform: 
alternate endings
Smut
Oral Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Choking
Spanking
Vaginal Sex
Teasing
Biting
Zemo's Coat
Jealous sex
Love Confessions
Rough Sex
Blowjobs
Reader-Insert
Wound Tending
Hurt/Comfort
Blood and Injury
Dirty Talk
Moral Dilemmas

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Sam Wilson/Reader
Helmut Zemo/Reader
Helmut Zemo & Reader
Helmut Zemo/Original Character(s)

