Chapter 1: Aquarium
    




Chapter Text
            “Tasha, what are we doing here?” Wanda inquired as she stepped out the vehicle looking quite confused as she read the large sign, New York Aquarium.“We’re here because we have a day off and I wanted to get out of the tower,” Natasha stated as if it were common knowledge. “Yeah, it’d be good for you and Spiderboy to get out and enjoy life for once,” Clint laughed as he threw an arm around Peter’s shoulders, ruffling his hair in the process. “You said you’d never seen the ocean before right?” Natasha queried as she brushed a lock of hair behind Wanda’s ear. “Mmhm,” Wanda confirmed with a shake of the head.

            “Well the beach was too far, so I figured why not view the animals that inhabit it instead. We can go to the beach on another day. Come on, it’ll be fun,” Natasha smiled as she grabbed Wanda’s hand and pulled her along. Peter and Wanda awkwardly stood off to the side making conversation as Natasha and Clint paid for their tickets with a black card; courtesy of Tony Stark, of course. Once everything was paid for, Clint and Natasha took full advantage of their “tourist” situation; grabbing maps and and making sure they had everything in their bags.

            Wanda had to admit she feeling awfully anxious but excited. She’d never done something like this before and wasn’t sure what to expect, but she trusted Natasha and Clint. “Ready?” Clint smiled, holding his hand out.   “Yeah,” Peter confirmed as he bounced on the balls of his heels a bit, grabbing Clint's outstretched hand.“Mmh,” Wanda nodded apprehensively. “Great,” Natasha grinned as she ushered Wanda through the door by way of her shoulders. Their first destination was in the conservation hall containing the main exhibits: Glover’s Reef and the Reef Room.
            Green moray eels and Cownose rays beautifully drifted by as the group strolled  through the glass tunnel ahead. “Oh we learned about those in school,” Peter rambled on.“Like most rays, they have a barb or spine, whatever you want to call it, that’s coated in some toxin. However, unlike the smooth stingray, their venom is weak at best. Hurts almost as much as a bee sting.”Wanda nodded in understanding as she absorbed all the information that was being presented to her. She had never been stung by a bee before but knew it had to hurt less than taking one of Black Widow’s punches to the gut.“I think we saw one of those when we did that one mission in Brazil Nat,” Clint verbalized loudly.
            “I think you’re right Birdman. Let’s keep moving, shall we?” She ushered the group.“Look at all the little fishies guys,” Clint happily called out from further down the tunnel. They made their way outside, briefly catching a glimpse of the sea otters hanging out in their own exhibit. Peter chuckled as he observed a seal clumsily roll into the water below. After traveling for a few minutes,  Ocean Wonders: Sharks!  was the next exhibit the four decided to venture into. They gasped in awe at the sight before them.
            The tunnel leading to the shark exhibit put them right in the middle of a coral reef, at least visually. They were surrounded on all sides by a variety of seas creatures such as brightly colored coral that produced a psychedelic feel, butterflyfish, zebra sharks, and so much more. “wow,” Peter exhaled as he stood frozen in place, his neck craning to see everything above. Wanda quietly pressed forward, forehead gently coming to rest on the tunnel glass.“a turtle,” Wanda breathed out as she turned back to grin at Clint and Natasha. Clint discreetly captured a photo at the sight, managing to get the turtle in the picture, as well.

            Clint proudly went to stand by the Sokovian as Wanda gently ushered Peter to move forward. “Look at those nurse sharks over there, just blissfully swimming away,” Natasha heard Clint say to Wanda as they moved through the next exhibit.  Canyon’s Edge  was an educational/ informational display, showcasing shark facts and rubber figurines of various Chondrichthyes species.“Hey, you know it takes years to make a shark?” Natasha called out from somewhere in the corner. Peter’s ears perked up at the little fact.“What? What does that mean?” He probed as he stood next to Natasha.“This fact chart here says that on average, it takes anywhere from 9-22 months for a baby shark to fully gestate, depending on the species. So really, a shark is born every two years when you think about it.”
            “So that would be a total of about 8 of me and about 9 Wandas?”“That is correct.”“How many yous would that be?” Peter asked freely.“A woman never reveals her age, Mr.Parker,” Natasha stated, Peter catching the playful gleam in her eyes. She tossed an arm around his shoulder as they went to find Clint and Wanda.“There are 4 different shark tooth type categories that all depend on a species diet,” he read aloud. “There’s dense flattened teeth inhabited by some of your less aggressive breeds l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Protective Natasha Romanov
Kid Wanda Maximoff
Parent Natasha Romanov
Parent Steve Rogers
Protective Clint Barton
Angst
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker Friendship
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Jewish Wanda Maximoff
Teen Wanda Maximoff
Mother-Daughter Relationship

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

