Chapter 1: The summer begins
    




Chapter Text
Harry spent most of the Train ride back to Kings Cross Station silently staring out the window. The cloudless day outside couldn’t be any more different from Harry’s dark mood. Harry, Ron and Hermione had managed to get a compartment to themselves for the journey, but the conversation seemed forced and awkward.
Ron and Hermione discussed what actions Dumbledore could be taking now that Voldemort had returned.
“Maybe he’ll start training more aurors” Ron offered “They’ll need more of ‘em to fight all of the death eaters”.
“Ron, don’t be ridiculous.” Hermione responded absently, pulling a copy of The Daily Prophet from her bag “Fudge isn’t even letting them report Cedric’s death. You really think He’ll let Dumbledore recruit new aurors?”
Cedric.
The name was like a physical blow to Harry.
Cedric was dead and it was all Harry's fault. He had insisted Cedric take the cup. He had been unable to save him.
Harry’s breath sped up and he struggled to control it as the conversation around him continued.
“What do you mean?” Ron demanded. “Fudge can't just pretend that He’s not back!”
“I think that’s exactly what he intends to do, '' Hermione answered evenly. “He can't admit that You-Know-Who came back on his watch. Besides-.” Hermione stopped suddenly. “Harry… are you alright?”
Harry had failed to get his breathing under control. He was gasping for air, his heart thundering in his tight chest. His hands were shaking.
“Blimey mate, what’s wrong?” Ron asked, his eyes widening.
Hermione knelt next to him “Harry, look at me.”
His eyes flicked up to hers.
“It's ok just breathe, that’s it in and out.” Hermione continued in a soothing tone “Try to match your breathing to mine, in and out. Good job Harry”
Harry's breathing started to even out as Hermione coached him.
“It's alright Harry, you’re having a panic attack. I used to get them before exams. Keep breathing.” Hermione took his hand in hers. Her thumb brushed the top of his knuckles.
Tears had started to build in Harry's eyes. He willed them not to fall. He couldn’t cry. Not now. Not here. He needed to be strong.
“Harry.” Hermione added, sensing his embarrassment. “It's completely normal to feel overwhelmed after what you’ve been through.”
Normal?
Nothing about Harry was normal. Besides, he had been through loads of dangerous situations before now. He should be used to this. He should be fine. He was fine.
Ron had gone silent, letting Hermione take the lead. He looked uncomfortable, unsure what to do or say. He finally settled on what he hoped was a reassuring expression.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Hermione asked several minutes later after Harry had finally stopped shaking.
Harry simply shook his head. Looking back out the window, he saw in its reflection the look that passed between his two friends. They pitied him.
The tense silence that followed was broken by the trolley.
Hermione jumped up, grabbing a coin purse out of her bag. “I was just thinking it was time for some lunch. It feels like we’ve been on this train all day” She rambled breathlessly.
Harry didn’t look up. He wasn’t hungry.
Ron and Hermione continued to chat about inconsequential things for the rest of the ride. When Hermione offered him a pasty he just shook his head and looked back out the window.
He hadn’t spoken to them in days, in fact he hadn’t spoken to anyone. The last conversation he had was with Cedric’s Parents. After that day he didn’t see the point. It wasn’t fair for him to speak. Cedric would never speak to anyone again.
oOo
Vernon Dursley was grinning.
People at the station stared at him, in fact even his wife and son were staring. His manic grin looked out of place on the large man. Like a greedy child who had gotten away with sneaking candy into his mother’s shopping basket.
“Come along Boy, we have errands to run” He snapped as Harry came into view. But even the Boy’s slow pace couldn’t damper his good mood. He even took the large trunk himself to hurry the family along.
Harry waved a quick goodbye to his friends before hastily following his uncle.
Ron and Hermione looked like they might protest the short farewell but before either could speak Harry was gone.
Vernon hummed to himself as he loaded the car and drove through the London traffic. “lovely day isn’t it?” he asked no one in particular.
Petunia and Dudley just stared. Neither knew what had put the usually bad-tempered man in such a state. He seemed to be in a good mood but the last time he had looked like this they had ended up on a rock, in the ocean, during a storm.
Dudley was glad that they were headed into London rather than the countryside this time. It was doubtful that he would spend the night away from a television and snack machine in the city.
“Yes darling.” Petunia responded agreeably when no one else spoke. “The weather is very nice this afternoon.”
Vernon made a pleased noise at her response as he continued to hum off key.
Harry, of course, noticed his uncle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Suicidal Thoughts
Trauma
Self-Harm
Harry Potter Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter

