Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Nico was dead.  Murdered . In broad daylight. By Captain America. Whatever reservations Sasha had held about Karli’s recent methods flew out the window the moment she witnessed her friend be beheaded by the star-spangled man and pinnacle of justice. The Flag-Smashers needed to regroup — somewhere that neither the Power Broker nor Captain America could find them. Without the additional vials of serum, Sasha doubted that they could hold their own against Avenger-types. Not with Nico dead. It felt like their numbers were dwindling by the day and Sasha really didn’t want to become the next funeral that Karli spoke at. Karli had machinations for the Flag-Smashers to regroup in some tiny town in Belgium — Veld —  where she claimed to have allies. But she offered up no advice on how to get there. A twenty-one-hour drive by car and a two-and-a-half-hour plane ride. Neither of which were modes of transportation at Sasha’s disposal. She was shit out of luck. So she went underground, followed the sewer systems beneath the city in an attempt to keep a low profile. Riga had descended into chaos in the aftermath of Nico’s death. After the initial shock of what everyone had witnessed wore off, fear pulsed through the streets. The only value in Nico’s death was that for once the public eye shifted away from Karli’s misdeeds. All it took was Captain America violently murdering a man to make people question the people they idolized. A rat scurried past Sasha’s foot and her hand went instinctively to the blade tucked under her jacket. Whatever brief relief she felt when she spotted the rodent quickly turned into renewed fear when she spotted a shadow on the wall in front of her — one that loomed larger than her own. Sasha took a step forward, stealthy slipping the knife from its sheath as she readied herself to face down the person trailing her. They were good. If it hadn’t been for the rat, she would have never known there was someone following her. If it was a fellow Flag-Smasher, they would have made themselves known. Whoever this was, she doubted they had good intentions. She drew in a deep breath, fingers clenched around the hilt of the knife, and she turned — posed to attack. But there was no one there. “What the fuck?”Sasha tensed, realizing too late that she’d given herself away with an obvious tell and the person had simply followed her lead. “Oldest trick in the book,” The man said, his voice dripping in venom as he caught ahold of her wrist and used his body mass to push her forward against the wall. Her first instinct was to fight back — to use her own super-human strength to win, but it was too risky. Not with a target painted on all of their backs. “Is it?” She countered, letting out a grunt of pain as he slammed her hand into the wall and tried to force the blade out of her grip. Sasha pressed her free hand to the rough wall, using it to leverage her as she shoved backwards to dislodge her attacker. It wasn’t an unbelievable display of strength — but it was enough of a show to mean business. She turned, knife aimed at the man. He looked wild-eyed and crazed, but in an unusually refined way. “You were talking to the children this morning.” Sasha realized where she had seen the man before. Giving candy to the children. “You’re with  him .” Blind raged ran through her and she charged at him, aiming for whatever fleshy point she could sink the knife into. He swept out of her way — with the grace of someone who had been taught to be light on their feet. “With who? I can assure you, I am very much on my own.” He remarked and no part of his words left her feeling assured. “Don’t mock me.” She snarled, calculating her next move. “He killed my friend.”His brows drew together and he held up his hands in a farce of surrender, “Who killed your friend?” He chuckled. “Did the Winter Soldier finally snap and I missed it?” Sasha stared at him in disbelief, “ No  . Captain America  murdered my friend.” She lunged at him again, but he caught her wrist. She dropped the knife and caught it with her other hand ready to drive it into his gut, but he didn’t even flinch. “You’re one of  them  so why aren’t you fighting like one of them?” He snorted. “I think I’m wounded that you wouldn’t give it your all.”She cocked her head to the side, “ You  attacked me.” Sasha pointed out, meeting his gaze. “I don’t know what game you’re playing, but I want no part of it. You don’t have to die here today if you let me go.”The man’s lips twisted into a crooked smirk and his eyes raked over her face. Somehow he made even the simplest look feel condescending. “Why is a Flag-Smasher all alone in the sewers?” Sasha frowned, “Why is one of Captain America’s cronies trailing me through the sewers?”He balked, “I am no one’s cronie, least of all his. But I am a man with a private jet and you seem like a woman in need of transportation.” She took a step backwards, “You think I would get on a plane with you? I wouldn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Helmut Zemo & Original Female Character(s)
Helmut Zemo/Original Female Character(s)
Helmut Zemo/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Helmut Zemo/Original Female Characters(s)/James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Enemies to Lovers
Smut
Cunnilingus
Vaginal Sex
Minor Violence
Blood and Injury
Original Character(s)
Explicit Consent
Multiple Orgasms
Masturbation
Teasing
Aftercare
Oral Sex
Zemo is a Very Giving Lover
Light Bondage
Face-Sitting
Cowgirl Position
Power Play
Accidental Beauty & the Beast vibes
Or are they accidental?
Blow Jobs
Vaginal Fingering
Angst
These two ended up being very kinky
Bathroom Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Dream Sex
Threesome - F/M/M
but in a dream
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Sexual Tension
eventual polyamory
Eventual Threesome
I was mistaken in thinking it would only happen in a dream
Polyamory
Feelings
Secret Relationship
These characters are just so horny
Developing Relationship
M/F/M relationship
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
these tags are going places
Double Penetration
Double Penetration in Two Holes
eventual pregnancy
Pregnancy
Planned Pregnancy

fandom: 
Helmut Zemo & Original Female Character(s)
Helmut Zemo/Original Female Character(s)
Helmut Zemo/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Helmut Zemo/Original Female Characters(s)/James "Bucky" Barnes

