Chapter 1





Chapter Text
AUTHOR'S NOTE:  Okay, so I'm trying something different. It's taken a while for me to feel my way into this story. It happens sometimes, but usually I don't have people actively interested in seeing the end result. (GRIN) I have somewhere north of 30,000 words done for this already, and so I'm going to start posting a chapter a week until I've got the whole draft done, and then I'll upgrade to a chapter a day. A note on the timeline:  I've moved the events of Harry Potter forward in time to be roughly contemporaneous with the MCU. The Avengers happened in May 2013, and Harry's second year ended in June 2013 (third year would start September 2013, and fourth year September 2014). For the reason why, see the Author's Note to "Man of Iron, Child of Magic." Some dialogue is taken directly from "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire," though as this is AU, it won't always match up exactly. If a bit of dialogue bothers you enough that you want to comment on it, please check the book first. If it's something JKR wrote, please comment on it to HER, not me, mmkay? (GRIN) Speaking of AU - that means Alternate Universe. Things happen differently than in canon. You have been reminded. As always, all rights in this story are given to the respective copyright owners of Harry Potter and the Marvel Cinematic Universe (and to the owners of any characters from other fandoms that make appearances in this story). # # # # # # # # # # 

PROLOGUE:

 

13 August 2013

 Most of the items that crossed Jasper Sitwell's desk at S.H.I.E.L.D. only required a routine acknowledgment, a virtual or real initialing that he'd received - and, presumably, read - the item in question before sending it to the shredding bin or archiving it, as appropriate. Today, though, an email from Deputy Director Maria Hill caught his attention - not because it was from her so much as the subject line, which read simply, Re: Tony Stark/Iron Man. Her brief cover email directed him to the attached press release, noting that at this time, the information contained within it did not directly relate to S.H.I.E.L.D.'s relationship with Stark, nor did it require immediate action, but it should be kept for future reference. His curiosity piqued, Jasper opened the attachment and read: 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

 

TONY STARK WELCOMES SON HOME

Child's Guardian Killed in Car Accident

 

New York, New York - August 13, 2013

 

Tony Stark is pleased to announce that his son, Harry Potter, will be joining him in New York and in his life.

 

In a private arrangement, Mr. Stark donated genetic material to James and Lily Potter, who were unable to conceive naturally. Per the terms of the arrangement, Mr. Stark would have no contact with the resulting child so long as the Potters lived.

 

The Potters were killed in a car accident when the child, Harry, was only 15 months old. Through bureaucratic error, Harry was placed with his maternal aunt and uncle. His aunt, sister of Lily Potter, was recently killed in a car accident that also injured Harry.

 

Upon becoming aware of the accident, Mr. Stark departed immediately for England, where the Potters and their family lived, to take custody of Harry, now 13.

 

Father and son will be returning from England in the next few days and ask that journalists respect their privacy as they get to know each other.

 

###
 Unable to comprehend what he'd read on the first pass, Jasper re-read the press release. Tony Stark had a son. More importantly, that son was Harry Potter. Jasper hadn't heard that name in more than ten years, back when that name was whispered with reverence in some circles and disgust in Jasper's usual circles. Maybe it was time to renew his contacts in the magical world, see what they'd been up to since that Halloween night all those years ago and, more importantly, what opportunities might have arisen for him - or Hydra - to take advantage of.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossover

fandom: 
None
