Work Text:
Steve Rogers wakes up with his head pounding and his limbs shaking. That's not right, he thinks. Then Bucky's face, wreathed in long, scraggly hair, swims into view and Steve doesn't have time to think of anything else."Hey," Steve manages to force from his cracked lips. He coughs a few times, air hitting the wrong way in his pipes. That's not right either. "Buck—" he finally says, and reaches for him.The hand that does the reaching is small and thin. Just like (Steve looks down at himself) the rest of him. "The hell?" He tries to sit up, but Bucky's hands catch him by his shuddering shoulders. It's cold, where ever they are. Steve looks around, tries to get his bearings, but his head hurts along with everything else. "Stay still," Bucky says. His voice is rough but quiet. "Took a fall. Hard." His left hand, the metal one, retreats away to curl around his own middle like he can't stand touching Steve with it. "I did?" Steve tries to remember but his brain won't get into gear. He presses the heel of his hand to his forehead, which threatens to split open any second. "How did I get small again?" he asks when the wave of nausea passes.Bucky's other hand falls from his shoulder, leaving Steve shivering with the cold. A noncommittal snort, then Bucky is gone altogether from Steve's side, loping across the room to examine a kalashnikov that's sitting in pieces on a temporary sawhorse table.Steve can tell he won't get very far with Bucky. Even if this is the first time they've been face to face since DC; these past few months have been nothing but fleeting glimpses of the Winter Soldier. Bucky hadn't wanted to be found, so Steve couldn't find him. Except...except now. The memories filter through his aching head. He'd been with Sam. And the others. Natasha's plan. Strangers in the mix, people Steve had never fought beside before. Tony had vouched for Richards, who had vouched for the magician— Was Steve just dreaming this? No, there had been a magician. And they'd tracked Bucky here, to Detroit, to another old Hydra facility (empty, just like the last three Bucky had hit) using some sort of enchantment. They'd finally caught up to him, and Steve had told everyone to hold their fire. But the magician—Strange—conjured up some kind of dark, flickering cloud and sent it flying in Bucky's direction. Steve hadn't known what it was; he just jumped in front of it, took the hit meant for Buck. Clearly it hadn't been a weapon after all. At least, not the kind of weapon he'd expected.Steve wonders what the spell would've done had it found its rightful target. Maybe turn Bucky back into...into who he'd been before? But that's not how people work, Steve thinks. He examines his tiny, goosebumped arms. Well, nothing's working correctly today."Drink," Bucky says abruptly, dropping a bottle of water in Steve's lap before returning to his table. Steve picks it up, belatedly realizing how dry his mouth is. He gulps down swallows of water and takes stock of his surroundings. He's on the floor in a makeshift nest of threadbare blankets. The ground beneath is concrete, cold. The room is a shambles, walls half-formed and covered in plastic sheeting that's riddled with holes. A half-finished construction site, probably abandoned for years. So this is where Bucky has been hiding lately.He finishes the water and sets the empty bottle on the floor beside his nest. His bangs—longer now that he hasn't had time for a trim, what with being on the road with Sam—fall into his eyes, and he sweeps the hair back in frustration. He checks under the blankets: he's still clothed, swimming in the too-large jeans and tee he'd been wearing earlier, though his belt's been hitched as tight as it will go. The thought of Bucky pausing in his escape to preserve that little bit of Steve's modesty—it makes him wonder."How long have I been out?" he asks.Bucky grunts, not looking up from the work he's doing on his weapon. "Maybe ten hours." He checks his cheap-looking plastic wristwatch. "Eleven. Still the thirty-first." Right. New Year's Eve. Steve had almost forgotten. He eyes the wristwatch but doesn't say anything about it. Bucky never wore a watch before, and neither had the Winter Soldier (that he can recall). Maybe time has become more important to Bucky these days. "My team?" Steve finally asks."I lost 'em." Bucky checks his sight. Steve bites the inside of his cheek, frustration warring with worry. He's responsible for those people, and now look at the state he's in. "So you took me with you," Steve says. He looks up at Bucky, a dark shape sitting at his table, staring back at Steve from behind his curtain of unwashed hair. Bucky places the sight back on the wooden board that serves as his workspace, won't meet Steve's eyes again. "Yeah," he says. "I fell for it hook, line, and sinker."Steve blinks. "What do you mean?" "I know it's a trap," Bucky say, still staring down. "No bugs or trackers on you, but it's got to be some kind of trick, the way 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
shrinkyclinks
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Fingerfucking
Rimming
Wet & Messy
Comeplay
Hair-pulling
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Come Eating
Bittersweet Ending
New Year's Eve
Hurt/Comfort
Asthma
Intercrural Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

