Work Text:
The people were staring.The people were staring at them, whatever errands they had been running completely forgotten, their brains all muddled by the intoxicating scent of Asgard’s most prized Omega. Desire was blatant on their faces—and in the cases of the Alphas and some particularly lustful Betas, the tent of their trousers.Thor growled and stepped closer to Loki, draping a possessive arm over his shoulders, glaring at those who dared to covet what was his.He should never have agreed to let Loki out in public when the end of his heat had not yet arrived. But it will be obvious to all that your seed has already taken root inside my womb, Loki had said, his wicked tongue teasing at Thor’s shaft. The feeling of Loki’s hot mouth immediately swallowing him down had seemed a fair exchange for his acquiescence at the time, but now, Thor was not so sure. Evidently, not even the threatening presence of Asgard’s king combined with the power of his ultimate mark on Loki’s body could stop the citizens from responding to their basest instincts.‘Thor, look!’Oblivious to the war that Thor was waging silently against his people, Loki dragged Thor by the hand to a jewellery stall manned by a young boy just on the cusp of adulthood. Thor could not tell his status, but it was a small relief to know that he did not yet pose a threat. However, Thor did not miss the blush on the scoundrel’s face and how his eyes lingered on Loki’s breasts—which had almost doubled in size since the peak of his heat, and were now very, very much noticeable. And bare. Curse Loki and his stubborn disgust towards any piece of clothing that attempted to cover his chest.‘What do you think, Thor?’Loki’s voice forced him to part with his murderous thoughts, and Thor looked over to see for what he would have to find a suitable compliment. He was most definitely not pleased to find a necklace with a pendant that plunged directly into Loki’s cleavage. But Thor did not wish to make a scene and draw even more unwanted attention to them, so he relaxed his jaw and said, ‘It suits you very well.’Loki, as always, gave no indication that he had registered Thor’s words. He only proceeded to sample another, and another, and yet another necklace. Thor grew increasingly irritated, for once not at Loki’s perpetual inability to make up his mind about the things he wanted, but instead for seeing that boy’s fingertips on the back of Loki’s neck as he did and undid each clasp. When his blasted knuckles had the gall to make contact with the undersides of Loki’s breasts under the pretence of adjusting the pendant, Thor had had enough.‘You need not make a choice here; there is still much to see in other stalls.’‘But these are so well crafted! Do you not see how gorgeous they are?’ Loki had already picked up a new piece to try on, and this one was made of multiple thin gold chains that would require much adjusting by the wretched boy.Damn it all, Thor decided. ‘Then I shall save you the trouble and purchase all of them for you.’ He gestured to the guards and wrestled Loki away.‘But the bangles! I have not even had a chance to look at them!’‘Take those too, then!’ Thor barked behind his shoulder to his men, who were already taking the necklaces by the handful. For good measure, he added, ‘The rings, and the hairpins as well! Take everything, and ensure that the stallkeeper is fairly paid.’The boy called out, ‘Thank you, Your Majesty! Thank you, Your Highness!’Thor only grunted, quickening his pace and shielding Loki from the boy’s lecherous gaze.‘You did not have to do that!’ Loki protested when they were at a distance from the stall, but delight was evident on his features. Thor counted this a small success and smiled to himself.Their visit to the marketplace continued in much the same manner, and soon the guards, even with all their strength, were struggling under the combined weight of four heavy chests of jewellery, six large sacks containing piles of furs and pelts and various fabrics, a box of books and several smaller bags filled with random trinkets that had caught Loki’s fancy.By then, Thor realised that though his strategy barred any individual from being in close proximity to Loki for an extended period of time, Loki was now under a much larger collective gaze—for it seemed word had spread that the King and the Consort were particularly inclined to make purchases today. An extraordinary number of merchants flooded over, which in turn attracted an extraordinarily large crowd.Thor was ill at ease as he shuffled Loki from stall to stall, and it was not only because he disliked having other people’s eyes on what was his. No, he was concerned by a very real, very tangible threat.Judging by the heavy smell of lust in the air and the few words and phrases that Thor caught wind of amidst the murmurings of the crowd, it would not be long before an Alpha plucked up his courage to proposition Loki.Thor could have him whipped and flayed and slaughtered, but not befo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
30 Day OTP Porn Challenge
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Jötunn Loki
Intersex Loki
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Thor
Omega Loki
Dom/sub
Dom Thor
Sub Loki
Rough Sex
Vaginal Sex
Breeding
Knotting
Possessive Behavior
Objectification
Public Sex
Orgy
Pregnant Sex
Pregnant Loki
Vague consent issues

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

