Work Text:
Steve was, at heart, an optimist. 
He wasn't going to say that waking up half a century in the future hadn't been a shock, and he wasn't going to say that there weren't people and things he missed about the time he had come from. But there was a lot to like about the time that he'd found himself in -- it was like living in his very own dime-store science-fiction novel! -- and he'd be damned if he wasn't going to make the best of it. The future had wonders aplenty. Vaccines. All sorts of medicines. Desegregation. Interracial marriage in every state. Women in the workplace. Men with men, women with women, loving each other, even holding hands in public. Rock 'n' roll. Air conditioning and refrigeration, everywhere. Frozen dinners. Grocery stores the size of warehouses, filled with every fresh fruit and vegetable he could name (and dozens he couldn't), whether or not they were in season. Televisions. In color. Wireless telephones that fit in your pocket -- well, if you had big pockets. Telephone wires instead connecting computers to each other, and those were so marvelous that he was still getting his head around them and all their uses.
And then there were the Avengers. His teammates. More than his teammates -- they were his friends. There were Giant-Man and Wasp, devoted to each other in a way that made Steve smile to think about; sure, Hank could be every inch the typical distracted scientist, but he was a loyal friend. And Wasp -- Jan -- was so bright and effervescent, determined to help show Steve the world he'd missed. The world included just as many department stores, it seemed, and she led Steve through all of them. He was getting a fashion education just watching her. And there was Thor, who was from even farther away than Steve; it heartened Steve to know that he wasn't the only one still getting used to the way things were here. Thor, too, took everything in stride with a jovial sense of humor. It was good to be around him. It was good to be around all of them.
And, of course, there was Iron Man. Iron Man's voice had been the first thing he'd heard, out of the ice. Steve wondered, sometimes, if that was when it had started, if there had been some space in his heart that he hadn't even known was empty waiting to be filled. All the Avengers were his friends, but Iron Man was something special. He was clever, with a brilliant, quicksilver mind, though he modestly insisted that he was only the suit's pilot and Tony Stark was the real genius. He had a sense of humor that alternated between a smart dry wit -- never cruel, never cutting -- and awful jokes that had made Steve spit out his morning coffee more than once. He was always there when Steve wanted to know something, and he was so kind in his explanations that Steve never felt like Iron Man was talking down to him. In battle, they were perfect. A team. A duo. They fought together like they'd been partners for ten years and not one.
He just... loved spending time with Iron Man. His sketchbooks were filled with studies of him, all angled armor, drawn from memory, with a few quick sketches done at the Avengers briefing table. He hadn't quite gotten up the courage to ask Iron Man to pose for him. And Iron Man seemed to like spending time with him. Even though Iron Man couldn't really eat in the suit, he'd still go out to lunch with Steve and attempt to wedge a straw through the mouth-slit in his helmet. It mostly worked. Really, Steve was touched that Iron Man wanted to be with him that much. When they were together, Steve was just so elated by his presence that the world seemed to shrink to the two of them. It was a heady feeling, warm and light in his chest, soaring high and bright. Just like when Iron Man took him flying.
It was the most natural evolution that his thoughts should turn to the man under the armor. It wasn't as if Steve had never thought about men in that way before, but with Iron Man it was different. All of his other attractions to men had been passing fancies, purely physical: a fella with a nice smile, or strong shoulders, or clever, nimble hands. This was something else entirely. He didn't even know what Iron Man looked like, save that he had blue eyes. That was all that was visible.
And he wanted him anyway, wanted him with a great vast yearning that left him raw inside. He wanted to lift up the helmet, to see his face, to see him smile, to hear his real voice, his real laugh. Steve knew he would like how Iron Man looked, no matter what. He wanted to kiss him, to run his fingers through his hair, to hold his hand as they walked together, to cuddle up next to him. And-- and other things, besides. He wanted to make Iron Man happy. He wanted Iron Man to be happy with him. Even if Iron Man had to keep the armor on -- he'd gathered that at least some of it couldn't ever be removed -- that would be okay too. He'd work with it. Whatever Iron Man gave him.
He'd done his research; it was legal, now, to be with men, unless he was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
Time Travel
Action/Adventure
Drama
Pining
Early in Canon
Avengers Vol. 1 (1963)
Avengers Vol. 4 (2010)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

