Work Text:
“Is that Tony Stark reading? On actual paper?”“Now, don't give yourself a heart attack so early in the morning, old man.” Tony winked at Steve, just having entered the common room, and brought the magazine he was holding next to his face. He peeked up at Steve from under his lashes, mimicking the pose on the cover, and batted his eyes. Steve turned away, huffing and looking slightly perturbed.“I hold the record for the number of times anyone's starred on the cover.” Tony side-stepped back into Steve's line of sight. Steve had to realize by now that seeming annoyed was the best way to egg Tony on.“Because you need the exposure?”Tony held up a hand. “Please, Cap. I  give them exposure by being so kind as to grace their covers.”Steve looked at him closely. “Well, good to know you're feeling well after the last mission.” He seemed to be fighting a frown, then the magazine was suddenly yanked out of Tony's hand.“Hey!”“Top ten tips to steal their heart: superhero showstopper talks flirting. Really?” Steve looked wholly unimpressed, which was no fun.Tony shrugged anyway, trying for nonchalance. “Turns out the adoring masses aren't so into hearing about run-ins with the Cabal or our team-ups in space with the Ents and talking raccoons. Plus, have you seen me? Who wouldn't want to hear what I think of romance?”Steve gave him an impassive stare, which was all the answer he needed to give.“Okay, you got me. One person.” Tony pointed at Steve. “Not that I expected it out of you.”That seemed to grab Steve's attention as he shifted his balance, looking at Tony suspiciously. “What is that supposed to mean?”“No, I get it, Steve.” Tony spread his hand over his chest. “You don't have to explain it to me. I understand it's very difficult, coming from a different time. You thought seeing a lady's ankles was cause for uproar back then.” He sighed dramatically. “Our modern sensibilities are just too much for you.”Steve crossed his arms. “I won't say our times are the same, but they're more similar than what anyone from such an open-minded era seems to believe.” He quirked a brow meaningfully.“Oh, ouch.” Tony grinned. “Well, I'm not the history buff here, so I guess I'll just have to concede.”“Really?” Did Steve sound a bit disappointed? Surely he couldn't be.“If you admit that it's just a hang-up on your behalf.”“What?”“I'm serious! I haven't seen you making advances toward anyone ever since I've met you! Now, I wouldn't be surprised if Captain America was chaste, but this is sincerity speaking, here. We're friends. Is it a matter of not wanting to, or not being able to?”“You're doing that thing where you no longer make sense.”Tony rubbed his chin with his hand and paced, like he was down in the workshop and on the verge of a breakthrough. “Maybe you just haven't found anyone you're interested in this entire time? Do you need matchmaking services? Or maybe you need to take a peek at my flirting tips. I understand that many people get tongue-tied, but you'll get nowhere like that.”Steve's face grew blanker the more Tony spoke, signaling that aha, yes, Tony had touched a nerve.“So what is it?” Tony stopped, crossing his arms, mirroring Steve's stance as he looked at Steve.“I think I'm doing fine on the flirting front,” Steve had the gall to declare, staring right back at Tony.So Steve did have someone he was interested in. That was information important enough to file away for later.“Obviously not, if you're still single!”Steve couldn't meet Tony's eyes. Yes, Tony was right, once again, surprise of the century.“But really, Steve, I'll help you out. Teach you all the tricks.”“My flirting is fine, Tony. I don't need your help.” Steve sounded a bit put out.“Sure. Go, practice your moves on me then. I'll just proceed to keel over laughing.”Steve huffed, but he didn't seem very amused. After a moment, he looked back up, seemingly battling the beginnings of a self-deprecating smile. “Want to settle this the usual way?”“What, a bet?” Tony cracked a grin. “You're on, Cap.”The corner of Steve's mouth twitched. “You haven't even heard the terms yet.”“Oh, you know me, Steve, can't back down from a challenge. Loose cannon and all.” Tony circled around to the side, and Steve swiveled his head to meet him.“In more ways in one?”“Hey, you're catching on!” Captain America just made a sex joke. Tony couldn't keep pursuing this trail of thought. He spun around. “But really, your training sessions aren't all they're cracked up to be.” The last time Tony had lost a bet, he hadn't been able to raise his arms above shoulder-level or walk any faster than an agonizing shuffle for a week. Not that Steve needed to know that.From the way Steve raised an eyebrow, looked like he'd known it already. Shoot. “So the stakes are the same. You lose, you spend a week joining me in basic training. I lose, I have to test-drive one of your new inventions.”“Sounds good to me. So, what's your game? Go on,” Tony swept an arm out, “sell your pitch to the wildly su
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Gay Chicken
Undercover As Gay

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

