Chapter 1: Options
    




Chapter Text
	“I don’t know, Tash,” Clint said, looking dubiously at the piles of flimsies that surrounded him. “Are you sure this is our best option?”
	“Nothing in this world is certain, ptichka.”
	He plucked a grape out of the fruit bowl next to him and flicked it at his companion. It hit her nail file squarely, bouncing off and splashing into the dish of hot, soapy water she’d been soaking her fingertips in. She arched an unimpressed brow.
	“Wasting food now, Clint? How unlike you.”
	“Sorry,” Clint muttered. Fruit was expensive in Washington-York.
	“You can make it up to me by taking this seriously,” Natasha said. “We can’t put it off any longer.”
	“You keep saying that, but I don’t understand why!” Clint said, the words spilling out despite his previous resolutions. “I’ve been here for seven years, Tasha, and nobody has ever looked at me twice. What’s so different this time that I have to leave the goddamn planet?”  
	She sighed, setting the file down and lacing her fingers together. Leaning against the arm of the velvet sofa, with her bare feet tucked up beside her and her hair loose and gleaming in the lamplight, she looked like an old painting.  “Are you sure you want to know?” she said. “Some things, you can never un-learn.”
	“It can’t be worse than the stuff I’m imagining,” Clint protested. He scrubbed one hand through his hair, making it stand on end. The old brocade armchair creaked at his jerky movement.
	Natasha met his eyes levelly, and he braced himself. “Your brother is deeply in debt to the Bratva,” she said.
	“Aw, Barney, no,” Clint said. The first thing a person learned, living on the Ground, was never to borrow money from any of the syndicates. “How bad?”
	“By now? Somewhere around half a million.”
	Clint felt the color drain from his face. “How… what would he even do with that much money?”
	Natasha scoffed. “You know how this works, Clint. It starts out with a little bit, just enough for some scheme that you’re convinced will make money, and then things don’t go as well as planned, but all you need is a little more to make it all come right. And then you can’t pay, so there are fees, and interest, and the due date comes and goes…”
	He slumped in his seat, letting his head fall back against the tall wings of the chair. “No, you’re right, I know, I know. So, what, they’re looking to collect from me?”
	“Worse,” she said. “Apparently, your brother tried to strike a deal. Wipe out his debt: in exchange, the services of his brother, the world’s greatest marksman.”
	“What?” Clint leapt from his seat, starting to pace; he felt suddenly cold, even though Nat always kept her little suite just this side of stuffy. Natasha's cozy sitting room, usually such a refuge, felt like a cell, the walls too close. “He can’t… can he do that?”
	“Legally? Of course not. Actually?” the muscle in the corner of her jaw flexed. “It happens all the time. Anyone can be convinced. It’s just a matter of finding the right leverage. If you won’t do it to pay your brother’s debt, maybe you’ll do it to save your brother’s life, or to keep him from being tortured, and if that isn’t enough, they’re patient enough to keep trying until they find out what is. You know how these things go.”
	Clint knew. He’d seen it happen, over and over, before the circus, in the circus, on the Ground; you got in bad with one of the syndicates, and they’d wait until you were desperate and offer you a deal—just this one thing, and the debt will be paid. Only once they had the proof that you’d done just that one thing, they could force you to do another thing, and another, until the only option you had left was to work with them forever, because the only thing worse than working for the syndicates was working in a prison camp. The only way to be safe was never to do anything to make the syndicates think they needed you. Bile rose in the back of his throat.
	“But… they can’t get to you, right?” he said, hating how high and thin his voice had gone. “They won’t challenge the Red Room. They won’t fuck with the Black Widow.”
	“No,” she said, and her voice was terribly gentle. “They won’t. But, Clint, you are neither of those things.”
	“But I’m with you.”
	“With me. But not with the Red Room. They have been content to let you stay here, ptichka, when you were just the Widow’s pet in their eyes. But if they are to challenge the Bratva for your sake, they will expect more. They will wish for you to work.”
	“I’ve been working,” Clint whispered. “I’ve been helping you, Tasha.”
	She caught his hand as he paced by her, pulling him down to perch next to her hip on the sofa, as he’d done many times before. “You’ve worked for me,” she said, her voice firm and sure, the only solid thing in the world. “You’ve done everything I’ve ever asked, and done it well. But, Clint, to work for the Red Room, they will want for only two kinds of work: to fuck people, or to kill them.”
	“I…” Clint trailed off. He wanted to say that he could do it, th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Peggy Carter & Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Romance
Mail Order Brides
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe - Future
Alternate Universe - Space
Protective Phil Coulson
Father-Daughter Relationship
Phil Coulson's Cellist
Woobie Widower Phil Coulson
Past Phil Coulson/Audrey Nathan
past James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers - Freeform
Dad Phil Coulson
Step-parents
space mobsters
Happy Ending
Slow Build
Romance Novel
Domestic Fluff
Harold Barton's A+ Parenting
Childhood Memories
Past Child Abuse
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
traumatic memories
Stargazing
Hot Chocolate
Communication
joyriding
First Meetings
Canon-Typical Violence
Falling In Love
Grief/Mourning
Recovery
Genetic Engineering
Ecology

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Peggy Carter & Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

