Work Text:
Tossing the papers to the side, Tony rubs his fingers over his agitated eyes. It’s bordering on insane the amount of paper work Pepper has forced on him since he became one of the Avengers and he hardly has time to just sit down and relax, what with all the schematics to look over, the ideals for the company’s new direction, and the possible hundreds of applicants into the new Tony Stark Apprenticeship Program. He’s about thirty two percent certain he is on his way to being clinically insane.Technically, he should be asleep right about now, had been sleeping well the last few months all things considered, but Steve hasn’t come down to bother him and Tony hasn’t quite mustered up the courage to ask. He pushes his palms against his eyes until he sees stronger flashes of numbers and releases them. The clock ticks in tandem with the arc reactor and he sighs. It’s way too late for him to be up, but there’s a buzz in the back of his head that has nothing to do with caffeine. His fingers twitch and he suddenly realizes he wants to hit something, just go, go, go, until the numbers are a blur inside his head and the calculations are humming along with every hit he lands.He hauls himself to his feet, groaning at the pain in his knee and the lingering throb in his back. He stretches, enjoys the pop and release of his spine before he makes his way to the kitchen, scratching at his chest. He wonders if he should grab another work out shirt, realizes the three shirts he’s already wearing can be discarded depending on his workout regime, especially at three in the morning, and grabs a water bottle. Might as well work out till he’s ready to drop.The downstairs gym is set up to house any type of destructive force, including that of a Norse God or the Hulk. Tony has created an ever shifting set of panels that allow for different scenarios to occur, so that Clint can explode as many arrows as he wants, so Steve can bash that shield of his and not worry about damaging Tony’s home. Tony has also created a program for both him and Iron Man; his usually pertains to beating the crap out of a sandbag, numbers dancing around the edge of his fist with each cross and strike.The lights flicker on as he descends the stairs, a dull light that Tony doesn’t acknowledge as he stretches out an arm. The numbers hum and bounce around in his head, and he wants to get his hands on that new bot he created, the one that moves and learns from Tony’s motions. He scratches at the arc reactor, wonders absently about modifications he could implement, and enters the gym.He doesn’t notice he’s not alone until he hears the slip-slide of feet against the mat and he jumps back, hand held out in a familiar repulsor blast, but when he realizes it’s just Steve, he lets his guard down. And then he realizes it’s Steve and, holy shit, he wasn’t prepared.Steve is stretched out in front of him, loose pants hanging off his hips and no shirt to speak of. A thin sheen of sweat catches in the soft light and Tony swallows hard, stumbling back another few steps. Steve doesn’t acknowledge him, just moves from one stretch to another, fluid, like water, and Tony doesn’t quite know how to take that.It’s at this point that his brain gives him a swift kick and shows him the possible styles that the good Captain is using for his exercise and Tony realizes it’s yoga. Steve is doing yoga. That information is almost too much for Tony to handle as Steve stretches forward and down, back a straight line and ass in the air. Tony chokes on nothing.Steve stands up again, reaches out, breathes in and opens his eyes. He grins at Tony, something open and flirty, and Tony shakily smiles back. Steve shifts his stance, smooth and easy, twisting to the side and dropping one leg. He reaches, pulls back, and it’s like watching someone dance. Tony feels an itch beneath his skin, something that asks him to join in, but instead he stays stock still, trapped as if in a fantasy. Steve stands again and raises an eyebrow.“You’re welcome to join,” he says. Tony bites his tongue.“I’d – well, I’ve never done yoga before? I mean, it looks ridiculously complex not to mention the amount of strain that puts on your lower back and have you seen what happens to me after battles? Lower back issues, all for me.” Tony stops, looks away, and tries for a smile. “I have a punch bag I can go to town on so just.” He waves a hand.Steve is frowning at him. “You’ve never done yoga?”“Yeah, not so much, no.”“I’ve heard it’s the thing to do, nowadays.” Steve is moving toward him now, mouth still quirked in that strange semblance of smile that Tony is beginning to classify as slightly predatory. A shirtless Steve is a dangerous Steve, especially around Tony, and Tony still isn’t sure if he’s allowed to instigate touch, now that they have this odd thing going on between them, a thing that stems from sleeplessness and sex and Tony’s ridiculous feelings.He gets distracted when Steve grabs his wrists, pulling him back a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Yoga

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

