Chapter 1: January
    




Chapter Text

January
 There’s no reason for Bucky to go to Louisiana. After everything that happened with Walker, with Karli and Sharon and Zemo, he was meant to go back to New York. To Brooklyn where he’d been starting to put some of the pieces of who he might be back together. He thought he’d almost convinced himself he was looking forward to it. He doesn’t want to go to Louisiana.And he’s pretty sure Sam is just being nice anyway. Trying to extend an olive branch after everything they’ve been through together. Even though they both know it won’t work. That without Steve to have in common, they’re too different. Both too broken and set in their own ways to ever really work together. They both know it’s best that they stick to their agreement of one last mission and then never see each other again.So, when Sam asks him to come stay for a week—"Just to clear your head before you go back to the city”—he doesn’t think he means it as a serious invitation. And he knows he doesn’t want to take him up on it, even if it is. So, he does what they both expect him to do, he sticks out his hand and says, as Sam shakes it, “Sure. Just for a week.”He has no idea why.From the looks he ignores from the passenger seat on the drive from the base just outside of New Orleans, he’s pretty sure Sam doesn’t know either.“I’m just gonna go ahead and warn you now, my sister and her boys, they can be a lot to handle—not so much Sarah, but AJ and Cass are nine and seven—” Sam says, attempting a conversational tone, but Bucky hears the slight edge. The lingering nervousness he can’t quite shake yet. Bucky doesn’t blame him. After everything they did—everything Sam watched him do—he knows he can’t demand his total trust. “I’m just saying, if it gets to be too much, don’t worry if you feel like you want to head home early.” Sam finishes his thought after a minute. “You won’t be hurting anyone’s feelings.”Bucky looks at him for what is probably too long, judging by the way Sam shifts and pointedly keeps his eyes on the road. “You didn’t expect me to come along, did you?”“What makes you say that?”He glances around the cab of the pick-up. “The fact that you haven’t cleaned this car since 2008. Doesn’t really look like you’re expecting company.”Sam rolls his eyes as his head wags back and forth, but Bucky sees the way he’s fighting a smile. “Yeah, alright,” he mutters, squinting quickly before he takes a right turn on an unmarked road. “There he is.”They don’t discuss it, but Bucky doesn’t feel comfortable staying in Sam’s house. It’s nothing personal, and if he brought it up, he knows Sam would understand. But they don’t have to talk about it, to his relief. He notices a motel as they drive through town with a hanging, wooden Vacancy sign and decides that’s where he’ll stay. Especially when he realizes the slip where the Paul & Darlene calls home is halfway between the lodge and the house Sam grew up in. It’s just a ten-minute walk from door-to-door.“So this is the boat I’ve heard so much about,” he says as they approach the sign for Wilson Family Seafood.Sam looks over with another half-smile. “I know she’s not much—” he says, but there’s still a lot of pride shining beneath his words.“No,” Bucky shakes his head. “I think she’s great.” She is great, as far as he can tell with his limited experience. Not the biggest or the best in the marina, but the Paul & Darlene has a kind of scrappiness he can get behind. She’s clearly the underdog in this fight for commercial gains, and Bucky’s fondness for the little guy wasn’t something they could beat out of him in eighty years of trying.“Well, she needs a lot of work if I’m gonna get this business back on its feet.”“Where do we start?”Sam looks up from where he’s been tightening knots on the thick, wet ropes, surprise written on his face. “You wanna help me fix up this boat?”Bucky shrugs. For the second time in only a few days, he’d spoken without overthinking—without playing out every possible scenario and potential response or ensuing argument. “I just paid for a week at that motel, didn’t I?” he asks with a motion back toward town. “Might as well put me to work while I’m here.”Sam isn’t kidding. There’s a lot that needs to be fixed in order to bring the little shrimping boat back to its glory days. They start by cleaning—hauling everything not bolted down from inside the cabin out onto the dock to determine what needs fixed, what needs scrubbed, and what needs tossed out. They’re taking a quick break when Bucky hears footsteps on the dock and looks up to see a beautiful Black woman with luminous dark skin, her hair a sea of tiny braids pulled back from her face, clutching a stack of folders and paperwork in her hand. Her eyes are set on Sam. “So that’s how it is?” she asks without preamble. “You don’t even tell me when you’re coming and going anymore?”“We got in earlier than I thought,” Sam says, not bothering to get up. This isn’t a tearful reunion, Bucky reminds hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sarah Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (TV) Trailers
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Slow Burn
Family Dynamics
Family Feels
Sam Wilson Feels
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Bucky Barnes Has Nightmares
Domestic Bliss
Family Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Racism
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Goes to Therapy
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sarah Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

