Work Text:
“Did you know?” Tony asks again, anger in every line of his face, accusation in his voice. As though he already knows the answer to that question.And Steve tries not to focus on the baffled sort of resigned hurt bleeding into Tony’s eyes. Like Tony himself can’t quite believe what’s happening, but also like he is far too used to getting hurt not to know what’s coming.Steve steels himself, stands up straight. “Yes,” he replies strongly, evenly, can’t let himself waver now.He didn’t mean for Tony to find out like this, he really didn’t, knows this is about the most hurtful way it could have come out, in enemy territory with only Steve and Bucky of all people there to witness his grief. He curses Zemo for playing them so easily, for making this happen, for making Tony pay the price for Steve’s success of getting Bucky back. That’s not how it was supposed to go.Steve had planned to tell Tony. Now that he has Bucky back, he would have taken Tony aside and told him. He would have. At some point.However, in the end, he still can’t feel bad for keeping this from Tony, can’t regret his choice of keeping the knowledge to himself. Because it was about protecting Bucky and Steve could never possibly regret that.So, he stands up straight, shoulders back as he admits his deception, planting his feet and ready to stand his ground against Tony. His teammate who Steve has been lying to for years.He watches Tony glance away, not quite quick enough to hide the resigned sort of hurt in his eyes, like he can’t quite manage to be truly surprised. And that bit is definitely the most painful part about all of this. The fact that Tony apparently trusted Steve up until just moments ago, but that he still isn’t surprised to hear about the deception. Like it has happened too often for Tony to muster any sort of honest surprise anymore.Steve clenches his teeth, braces himself for a retaliation, for Tony to lash out, verbally or physically – because with Tony you never know which one he’ll go for and he is so very devastating at both.So, he braces himself.For an attack that never comes.Tony is blinking rapidly, his so very overactive brain clearly trying to make sense of all of this, to fit this revelation into his view of the world. And if there is one thing Steve wishes he could change, it would be that protecting Bucky had to come at the price of Tony’s trust.Still, he doesn’t regret his choices. Can’t regret it.Then, Tony looks up, eyes finding Steve once more. There is something coiled about him, strength barely held back, like a bowstring drawn too tight, just before release. And Steve readies himself, prepared to take whatever Tony throws at him, expects punches to be thrown, for Tony to tackle him, to hiss casually hurtful barbs at him perfectly targeting all his weak spots, words that will sting for decades to come. He is ready for it, can admit that Tony maybe even deserves to get a punch in, if only because it might alleviate some of the immediate hurt swimming in his eyes.Steve braces himself, eyes on Tony.And thus he also sees the very moment Tony clearly realizes as much, eyes flitting over him as he takes in the way Steve is standing, one foot back for better balance, braced for attack, the obvious expectation of a fight. Somehow Steve didn’t expect the disappointed sort of resignation in Tony’s eyes as he takes in Steve’s stance, like he hadn’t expected Steve to wait for an attack, like he’d somehow expected better from him.Steve finds himself immediately relaxing his stance, suddenly a little ashamed for having braced himself at all, considering he is the one to be blamed for this entire situation and not the other way around.But the damage has been done.He watches as something almost dismissive starts to enter Tony’s expression, like a resolution reached too quickly for Steve to keep up with, his eyes still on Steve but not… not in a good way. Tony is looking at him like he is someone to be guarded against, whose attack to brace against. Same as Steve was just doing in return.Within moments Tony’s face just shutters. The disappointment in his features right before his expression closes off hurts more than any physical attack Tony could have possibly thrown at him. Steve no longer qualifies as someone who gets to see Tony as he is.Another blink as Tony continues to take in the way Steve is holding himself, now no longer braced for an attack but likely all the more incriminating for it.A pause.And then, Tony just turns around, without another word spoken, and simply walks away, back the way they came from.Steve has known this confrontation would come one day, knew how angry Tony would inevitably be with him once he found out, expected all sorts of attacks to be thrown at him. He never expected Tony to just walk away, to walk away from Steve, someone he so clearly considered a friend until moments ago.And, as he watches Tony walk away, leave them behind, Steve can admit that he has never felt less like he deserv
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Fix-It
of sorts
Protective Bucky Barnes
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

