Work Text:
Becca had been screaming blue hell since she unwrapped her Christmas present. True, she’d loved the clothes and the games and the rest of the crap that built up over the holiday, but when she’d unwrapped ‘The Big One’ she’d flipped her shit.She was still screaming, although in the back of the car, she was trying to hold most of it in. Every time they hit a bump in the road though, she’d let out an almost pained squeak and then would squirm in her seat for a few seconds before calming down.“Daddy,” she said, voice tight. “How much longer?”The road was starting to fill up with cars the closer they got, and he was starting to worry that he’d never get parked, but even if they had to walk three miles, he was pretty sure his daughter wouldn’t give a shit. He nodded towards the light beams that waved in the sky, a few miles away, but clearly visible. “Can you see that?” He pointed out, and was rewarded with an ear splitting scream that made him flinch. “Becca!” He groaned. “You’re going to lose your voice before you even get there.” He pointed out. It was the only thing that seemed to work so far, she jerked back and covered her mouth with her hands.It was going to be a long night. Steve was already regretting his ‘perfect’ gift. Peggy was in the back seat with a poster almost as big as she was, covered in glitter and letting out what sounded like pained whimpers the closer they got to the lights. Over the years, his gifts had been a little hit and miss – but he’d really hit it out of the ballpark this time. His best friend Sam had warned him that anything else he bought her would fall flat, so just focus on the ‘Big One’.Her face when she found that her daddy had only bought her one thing – and not even in a box – had been comical and a little heart-breaking, but when she finally opened the envelope she’d hit the roof. He was pretty sure he was never going to be able to top this gift. It went over a lot better than the ‘adopt a dolphin’ thing he’d done for her birthday, that was for sure.“Oh god, Daddy.” She whined, as he pulled into the parking zones. “Oh god, oh god.”“Try not to hyperventilate, Peggy,” Steve warned. He certainly didn’t want to have to deal with an asthma attack in the parking lot. Around them, girls around Peggy’s age were walking through the parking zones in packs, normally herded by an older sister or a mom. He didn’t see a lot of dads. He saw a space, further away than he would have liked, but closer than he expected, and pulled in. “Remember what we discussed.” He told her, before opening the doors.“Yes daddy.” She said, although Steve was pretty sure she’d have agreed to anything as long as it got her out of the car and a step closer to ‘the greatest present in the whole world ever’ and he was going to make the most of it.“Peggy, I mean it.” He insisted. “Do not get out of my sight or I will haul you out of there so fast you won’t even notice till we’re back in the car.”“Yes, I promise!” She agreed, nodding furiously, brown curls bobbing. She had little white and red ribbons in her hair. This was important, although he’d forgotten why.“Okay.” He said, and unclicked his seatbelt. It was going to be a long night. “How much?” Bucky choked, looking at the shirt in his hands, thin enough that he could probably see through it. Becca was looking at him with wide, far too bright eyes and almost vibrating out of her skin. “Yeah, okay.” He said, and handed over way to much fucking money for a cheap ass t-shirt with the faces of a couple of boys on it. “And the programme.” He said, looking around. “Throw in the pins and the lanyard thing too.” He said, and looked pointedly at Becca. “And this is your birthday, too, shortstack.” He warned her. “No more stuff for you till you’re 21, okay?”She didn’t speak, just looked at him with her huge blue eyes that his mom swore up and down were an exact copy of his and shook harder. He was pretty sure that this whole thing was the worst idea ever, she was already so hyped up that she looked like she was going to throw up and pass out at the same time. He was never going to get her to calm down. Behind him, stressed out moms were doing pretty much the same thing, throwing money at the vendors for their watery-eyed brats.“You wanna bag?” The vendor asked, and Bucky glared.“I just spent nearly $80.” He shot back. “Put it in a bag.” A long, long night. The seats that Steve booked were pretty packed, although so far everyone seemed to be sitting down. The lights were up and he could check out the arena. To say the place was full was an understatement. He was pretty sure ‘bursting’ would be more appropriate. He was also sure of other things – like deathtrap, fire hazard and 100% chance of being trampled to death. “Peggy, you’ve got to promise me that you stay near me at all times.” He said, again – probably the 40th time he’d said the same thing. She nodded instantly, probably aware just how bad Steve really didn’t want her to get lost in the crowd. Aware th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Single Parents
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Concerts
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

