Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
 You shivered, pulling your knees closer to your chest as you heard the footsteps of alphas approaching. You’d been in an out of the auction houses for years, so this feeling was nothing new to you. You’d been dumped back in this one two days ago, your last ‘owner’s’ lease having expired. You were glad to be back in some respects. Maybe being here would be a chance for your battered body to heal itself, if only a little. They ran this place like a farm, you knew, so unlike your old alpha, they wouldn’t forget to feed you for days or give you a list of chores that you couldn’t possibly complete in the time given, only to punish you when you didn’t finish them.The alphas rounded the corner onto your row, and you felt their glares burning holes in you. You hid your face from their view, even as they jeered at you to present, banging closed fists against your cage, making the bars rattle. You bit your tongue to withhold a whimper, knowing that the moment the sound passed your lips, the collar sat tightly against the skin on your neck would shock you.The alphas continued to jeer, but when you didn’t give in, they seemed to lose interest and move on.  Natasha Romanoff despised the auction houses of the black market. In fact, she wasn’t sure there was even a word that suited how much she hated them. Not in English, anyway. Loathe wasn’t strong enough, nor was abhor, nor was detest. There just wasn’t a word to describe the way she felt about these places.However, being the only unmated Avenger with an alpha bearing, it made her perfect to go undercover and unearth the dark secrets that places like this hid. And hence, it made her the perfect one to relay said information to S.H.I.E.L.D and have the auction houses taken down one by one.Natasha followed the group of alphas at a safe distance, watching with practiced, forced, ambivalence as they leered at and degraded the omegas who presented for them and jeered and bullied the ones who didn’t until they eventually relented. She turned the corner onto yet another row of omegas to see the group of alphas banging on the bars of some poor omega’s cage.Natasha bit her tongue, desperately wanting to skin these bastards alive. Her eyes slid to the trembling form in the cage. The moment Natasha laid eyes on the omega, a wave of protectiveness threatened to drown the barriers that narrowly kept her from brutally killing every alpha within the parameters of the auction house.The group soon got bored and moved on to taunt another omega, and Nat knew she ought to follow, but then she looked to the side to see the omega still shaking slightly. It was then she realised that she couldn’t leave. Not without her.  You could sense that there was still and alpha outside your cage. And they were angry. What was mildly surprising, however, was that the anger you felt didn’t seem to be directed at you. You tilted your head up slightly, so your eyes fell on the ground just before the alpha. You were afraid to move your gaze any further up, so instead you looked at her shoes. You could learn a lot about people from their shoes.You hid your face again as you saw the over polished shoes of the auction house master approach from your peripherals.“Mornin’ ma’am. Seen anything you’re interested in so far?”“Yes,” you could feel her eyes burning holes in you.“This one’s been in and out on lease for years. She’s quiet, very little fight left in her.” You felt sick at the pride he said this with. What you hated more was that he wasn’t wrong. “She’s fit for breeding, but I assure you, I can show you many better options. If you follow-““That won’t be necessary.” Her voice was cold, calculated, emotionless. It sent a shiver down your spine, and not the good kind.“Alright then. If you’ll follow me, we can get the paperwork started.”Ice filled your veins, and not because of the freezing temperature in the cage. Dread pooled in your stomach, vanishing the constant hunger pangs you’d long-since learnt to deal with. You wanted to cry, but no tears came. You were being sold again, and there was nothing you could do to stop it.There was a tiny spark of hope in your chest. Maybe she wouldn’t be so bad. Maybe she’d be fair. But that tiny spark was snuffed out as you remembered all the last times, you’d thought of that. There was no chance that she’d be kind to you, and the sooner you got your head around that, the better.You stiffened as you hear a key in a lock but didn’t dare look up. You heard two pairs of booted feet moving towards you but didn’t have time to react as gloved hands grabbed your arms in iron grips and jerked you unceremoniously to your feet. You bit your lip, drawing blood as you tried to ignore the bruising grips of their hands on your arms. A dizzy spell hit you, and you were suddenly glad that they were carrying most of your weight.  “That’s unnecessary,” came the same cold voice.You were dropped immediately, causing you to stumble forwards. Gentle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Reader
Pietro Maximoff & Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Reader Is Wanda Maximoff's Sister
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Reader
Pietro Maximoff & Reader

