Work Text:
“Now remember you can’t wake up too early or the Easter Bunny won’t have enough time to hide the eggs.” You warned your stepbrother, knowing he must be just as excited for tomorrow as you were. Though you were a little sad your mother and new stepfather weren’t going to be with you for your first Easter together, you were happy you at least had Loki.“You don’t honestly believe that do you?” He asked, causing you to frown. Why was he asking that, did he not. “Of course, silly, if we don’t wait then he might not hide all the eggs. It's how we do it every year. He always makes sure we get extra eggs if we do, you know.”“I did not know, but I’ll make sure I don’t wake up until later.” He said placatingly and staring at you as if there was something crazy about what you just said to him, but you barely notice, only hearing his agreement. Though you did think it was strange he didn’t know to wait for the Easter Bunny, maybe he wasn’t a good boy every year and didn’t get any eggs. Or worse maybe he didn’t even believe. Oh no, that wouldn’t do. Just because you were both in your 20s was no excuse not to believe, you’d have to change that and make sure there was plenty for him tomorrow. He would see all the eggs and feel better and believe as he always should have, you’d make sure of it.The reply still had you beaming up at him and giving his cheek a kiss. “Great, it's going to be so much fun with both of us there this year. Well, I’m gonna head off to bed now, goodnight Loki.” He nodded along wishing you pleasant dreams, kissing your forehead before you disappeared. Waiting until he heard your door close before making his way out of the house and to the store, unbeknown to you, he had last-minute planning and shopping to do.***The sun peaked through the window, shining brightly in your eyes through the open curtain. It roused you from your sleep and had you turning over to stop the sun from blinding you. After a stretch to get the drowsy feeling out, a genuine smile spread on your face, turning bigger by the moment. You immediately got out of bed, today was Easter and the Easter Bunny must’ve come by now, right? It was still morning, and you knew you should wait some more just in case, but you wanted to see how much chocolate there was.Slipping into the kitchen and glancing out the window, the sight outside shocked you to your core. There he was, the Easter Bunny placing chocolates around your yard. You hadn’t seen him since you were young, although he seemed much different then. Not even thinking about it, you made your way outside, drawn to finding out more.

The Easter Bunny noticed your presence and ignored you for a moment before placing some more chocolate down. Once that was done, he gave you a once over and said, “Miss Y/n, I do believe you were meant to be in bed longer.” His tone open but strict, with a slight familiar tinge to it.“I’m sorry Mr. Easter Bunny.” Looking at the ground, feeling contrite about breaking the rules. Sneakily getting a good look at him from the corner of your eyes, you notice he didn’t look the same. In fact, you couldn’t believe he looked so different, he even sounded different, but you didn’t want to comment either. Who were you to say how or why he changed his looks, you guess even he liked to revamp his style every few decades.“Do not worry Y/n, I only jest. I know what a good girl you’ve been.” The Easter Bunny told you. His words causing your cheeks to flush, appearing alongside a shy smile. The praise made you feel special and delighted, though you didn’t know what to say, you never thought you would see him again.“I’m so glad I got to see you again Mr. Easter Bunny, even if I know I wasn’t supposed to.” You comment not quite meeting his eyes as you know you shouldn’t have broken your mother’s rule about not waking up too early and interrupting his work.“I am glad you did Y/n, I wanted you to find me today.” He let you know, as he moved closer to the patio where you were standing and further from the garden where he had been hiding the eggs.“Really?” You ask blinking up at him. It did explain why you had caught him, he couldn’t have been doing this for so long without knowing how not to get caught. The shock at what he said finally had you focusing on him, more specifically his appearance. His fur coat looked a little slimmer than you recalled, but it had been years, you just hoped he was at least being healthy. You didn’t want anything to happen to him.“As I said I know what a good girl you’ve been, and I thought you deserved a reward.” He said clasping his hands in front of him, a small part of you wondered why his hands looked human but the rest of him was furry, even his feet were.“A reward?” You ask innocently, tilting your head to the side and squinting your eyes slightly. “Really, what for?”“You have been a role model Y/n, my most loyal believer. Never giving up on me, even when others around you have. That is why there is a special kind of egg that I have 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel)/Step-sister!Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Step-sister
Loki (Marvel) x Y/n

freeform: 
NSFW
NSFW GIF
Smut
Step-siblings
Step-Sibling Incest
Brother/Sister Incest
step-brother loki
Step-sister Reader
step-sister y/n
Reader-Insert
Animated GIFs
sex gif
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn Parody
Easter
Easter Bunny
Easter Bunny smut
Costumes
stepsister x stepbrother
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Come Swallowing
Come Eating
covered in cum
Hand Jobs
Praise Kink
Deepthroating
Naive Reader
Naive
Innocence
learning to suck cock unknowingly
tricking
True Believers
Magical Healing Cock
magical cream
magical carrot
Magical Eggs
Alternate Universe - Human
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Magic Cum
true believer cream
Crack
Gags
easter bunny loki
Oblivious
Food Metaphors
metaphorical carrot
outdoor blow job
Semi-Public Sex
No penetration
outside
Rough Oral Sex
Face-Fucking
Trickster Loki (Marvel)
Innocent
special cream

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel)/Step-sister!Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Step-sister
Loki (Marvel) x Y/n

