Chapter 1: Wo Rauch Ist
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Everything in life is about context.Take underwear, for example.In a chilly old apartment, when the windows are closed and the curtains are drawn and you’re curled beneath your double duvet, convincing yourself you’re not feeling lonely and that it’s nice to have the blanket all to yourself – in such circumstances, underwear is a fairly reasonable thing to wear.On a chilly New-York street, however, it’s a whole different matter. Peter's nipples are so hard they could cut through diamonds.His testicles aren’t doing much better. Not twelve minutes ago, he was climbing Marshmallow Mountain with Finn and Jake – before someone shot a cannon – and he woke up to a smoke-filled apartment and the frantic banging of a firefighter on his front door. He stumbled, coughing and trying not to suffocate, as his eyes stung and his head swam. As soon as he managed to open the door, she grabbed him like a lobster – and after clearing that there’s no one else to rescue – shoved him down the stairs, telling him to keep calm and exit the building quickly. And now he’s shivering on the street, keeping to the sidelines next to his neighbours – strangers that live next door, really – head cast downwards, feeling pathetic and small. The other attendants all look in much better shape – they’re all wearing pants, for starters. He can see them all chattering excitedly; Mrs. Álvarez and her wife wear a matching pj set (the schmoopy kind, with cliché’d phrases and little pink hearts). Mr. Sanders is holding his cat – a charming thing that yodels every night at four AM without fail – like a priceless treasure; the cat buries his claws into his forearms, but he doesn’t even seem to notice. There’s sirens blaring directly into Peter’s growing migraine; there’s shouting from the firefighters as they run around.Peter watches the burning building two doors down the street, and wishes he could step closer just to get warm. “Is it just me, or is it hot in here?”Peter feels himself stiffen in dread. He doesn’t know what he did to deserve to this mortification –He turns to stand in front of Mr. Wilson from the flat upstairs, and his mouth goes dry. Their first meeting is rather memorable. Peter was just about to fall head-first right into the box he was carrying – marked as ‘Dishes’ but weighing him down like a box filled with rocks – when an inexplicable force saved him from a broken nose.Peter honestly didn’t expect much when he moved out of his aunt and uncle’s – except maybe having the liberty of not locking his bedroom for some ‘me-time’ – and surely not for the sight that greeted him when he looked up.The arm that held him by his ragged hoodie has the biceps of a god – or at least a professional wrestler. It pulled him back slowly, letting him regain his footing, while the other arm tugged the box from his hands. Peter felt his arms crying thanks to the mysterious stranger, a bald, bulky man who seemed to be in his early thirties.     “Watch it,” the stranger grinned, and Peter eyes couldn’t decide if they should focus on the dimples adorning his scarred cheeks or on those bright blue eyes.“Uhem,” Peter muttered, “thank you.”“No problem, baby-boy,” the man tucked the box close to his body.“Where to?”And he easily walked after Peter, helping him to set this box and seven others, chattering about the previous tenant who smelled like moth-balls and always had his garbage bags leaking all over the stairs and never cleaned that shit up. You’d think Peter seize the opportunity given to him by a higher power, but Peter’s always been bad at talking to people he finds attractive (so he has a thing for bald muscular men and for blue eyes; sue him). This time was no different. His conversation skills thinned down to monosyllabic words, and three hours after Mr. Wilson’s gone he was still beating himself up for not offering him coffee.He kept telling himself he’ll do it tomorrow –and then just the next day – and here they are, seven months later, and Peter didn’t thank him properly and doesn’t even know his first name. You’d think you’d need a first name before seeing someone in their underwear.More specifically, their gaudy leopard-patterned thong, with a red lace trimming that leave exactly nothing to imagination. Peter’s suddenly all for the freezing wind that bites his skin. Sperm count? It could be negative for all he cares right now. “-pothermia, you’re turning blue! So unless you’re planning to break through as a the cracker version of Ice Cube –“ he finally catches on, dazed as Mr. Wilson wraps an orange-shock-blanket around his shoulders, looking far too amused for a man wearing nothing but his underwear and a thin red tank-top while it’s barely sixty degrees outside. “Thanks,” Peter says to Mr. Wilson’s fluffy pink bunny slippers, blushing fiercely. The slippers stare up at him, cross-eyed and adorable. “Wouldn’t want my favorit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Neighbors
Fire Alarms
Peter's not Spider-Man in this one either
Canon-Typical Violence
Mental Health Issues
Character Death
Wade's very existence adds gazillion warnings

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

