Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Stop. Flirting. With my sister.” “Sam, she’s a grown woman!” Sam growled. He actually  growled,  what the fuck. “She’s still  my sister.” Bucky snorted. “Alright, fine, Christ. Sorry.” He raised his hands in a surrendering gesture. “We’re cool now, right? Didn’t mean anything by it.” Sam eyed him for a few moments, then nodded. His shoulders drooped, like they had lost all the pent-up tension, and he reached out to clap Bucky on the back, hesitating for just a second before going for it. “Yeah, we’re… yeah, we’re cool.” His jaw flexed and he looked away for a split second, like he had more to say, but he didn’t; he just walked off, giving Bucky another pat before ducking into the boat.Bucky stared after him, sucking the inside of his cheek thoughtfully.Sam was weird.Sam pissed him off. From the moment he’d refused to move his seat up in the car, he’d burned right through Bucky’s patience like a hot flame and gotten right on his nerves. Had toasted them to crumbs, in fact. He’d yapped on about that shit about Gandalf and the big three—as if Bucky wouldn’t have read the goddamn Hobbit! And now he was here, being all domestic about his boat, and Bucky was willingly helping him.Sam was so fucking weird.But… he still liked him.He was… they were… it was  complicated.  
“Hi, Sarah.” Bucky smiled and waved, hearing the waves slosh behind him—nice, he liked that; reminded him of when he and Stevie would go on walks by the bay—and she smiled, waving back. Bucky grinned, and she ducked into the house. She was real pretty. She  was. He liked her. Sarah was Steve’s ma’s name. That was kind of weird, he had to admit. But Bucky found that a lot of things were weird now. Like the internet. Mytube—no,  youtube. Social media. Cellphones. No wonder Steve had written things to discover in the book. It was there in his pocket now, too. It was small and old, but it felt like his whole damn world, because it had been  Steve’s. All he had left of Steve were bits and pieces of objects that he could put together to find some sort of remembrance of him, so every part counted. A machine couldn’t run when it was missing a screw.“So. Why did my sister just tell me you could stay the night  again?”  Sam plopped down next to him, and despite his words, Bucky could only see amusement on his face. “Oh, hold on, let me correct myself—why did my sister just say my  handsome friend can stay the night?” Bucky’s lips twitched before he could stop himself, and he had to cover his laugh with a cough at the mildly outraged look on his face. He shrugged. “What can I say? I’m a charmer.”“No.” Sam gave him a look, and Bucky tossed him an affronted one right back.“That was rude.”“No, I mean—” Sam huffed. “You  are a charmer, okay? Whatever.” Why did that make Bucky’s chest feel warm? Sam was so fucking weird. “Doesn’t mean you have to be charming  my sister.” Sam frowned at him. Bucky gave him a mockingly sympathetic look. “Can’t help it. Charmers don’t choose who they charm.” He gave Sam a lopsided grin. “Just happens.”“Okayyy. And now your ego is pissing me off.” Sam rolled his eyes.“I don’t have an ego,” Bucky said defensively.“Oh, baby, you do.” Sam let out a bark of laughter.  “Please. Charmers always have an ego.” He gave Bucky a pat on the shoulder, a bit harder than necessary, Bucky thought, and strode off to break up the playful tussle his nephews had started with the shield. 
 Baby.  
Sam called him baby.Bucky let his left hand drift up to his shoulder, touching the spot Sam had clapped, just hard enough for him to really feel the ache. Shit, Sam was strong.And weird. Really, really fucking weird. 
 Baby. 
Bucky shivered.
See, Bucky’d thought it was a joke, had thought that Sam was joking when he’d said  stop flirting with my sister.  And that was why he’d kept doing it, because it was funny to rile Sam up, and that was what they  did with each other, that was what Sam did to him. So he didn’t quite understand why Sam was refusing to say a single word to him while they fiddled with the water pipes of the boat.Or, well, he  did understand, but he just— look, the situation was weird and complicated.All he knew was that Bucky had flirted again with Sarah; she was a nice woman, her smile made him smile, and Sam was upset because he had spent the last couple of days telling Bucky  not  to. But the truth was, Bucky had thought it was a joke, even more so because he and Sarah had established—just by exchanging a very long look with each other, how strange was that?—that it wasn’t serious, that it was just them exchanging sweet manners, and he’d thought Sam was joking when he said  stop.  Bucky had thought it was a joke, and now that he realized that it wasn’t, there was a familiar little ache in his heart, one that he didn’t like to discuss or delve into, one that he knew well because he constantly carried it around with him. Guilt.And the fact that S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Flirting
Pining
Mutual Pining
Idiots in Love
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Sam Wilson
Sub Bucky Barnes
Dom Sam Wilson
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
Pet Names
Smut
Anal Sex
Kink Discovery
Praise Kink
Possessive Behavior
BDSM
Wall Sex
Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Rough Sex
Oral Sex
Banter
Cock Slapping
J-Just once though I promise don't let it scare you
Spanking
Anal Fingering
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Aftercare

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

