Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
Thor“It is the only way for there to be peace between the realms. The price is small Thor.” The All-father concluded. While his only beloved son, crowned prince to the throne of Asgard seethed in anger. “A Jötunn. You would subjugate me to this.” Thor gestured angrily with Mjölnir. “All for your own pride. You would not stand against Jötunheimr. You would rather...” Thor's raging was cut off by the thundering of Odin's staff against the marbled floor of the throne room.“Enough. You shall do that which is your duty.” With that, the discussion was ended. The All-father heaved a sigh as he sat back in his throne as his golden heir stormed from the hall. *-*-*The Jötunn arrived under the cloak of darkness. How fitting. Angry thoughts buzzed with his head as Thor stood beside his father at the Bifrost, awaiting his future husband. The anger which had been ignited at the news of his marriage had not burned out. It's flames still licked within his chest. It burned him, it enraged him. Thor's fingers clenched around Mjölnir as if he intended to bash in the skulls of those who would walk through the Bifrost.There was no noise to be heard in the night, Heimdall stood silent as Odin. Who no doubt knew of his son's displeasure, but chose to ignore it. A king must do as his kingdom needs. Thor did not understand yet, perhaps one day. The portal of the Bifrost whirred, blue light flashed before their eyes and the Bifrost was opened. Frost came two Jötunn guards, dark blue skin covered in markings which declared them to be fighters. Their impressive bodies covered with Jötunn armor. After them came two more, these wielded weapons made of cold metal and ice. Laufey, king of the frost giants was next. His dark blue skin adorned with golden armor. The last to step out of the Bifrost was a must smaller figure.
The man was clearly a frost giant. Though giant was not fitting for him. He was much shorter compared to his father and he others. They would wed me a runt. Thor pressed his lips together in a tight line. Was he not even given the honor of wedding a warrior? Someone with honor gained in battle. The hot anger churned low in his belly.
The smallest Jötunn stood, back straight and head held high. An impressive cascade of black hair fell to his shoulders, though his skin was a frosted blue, his features showed no hint of Jötunn. Thor found his eyes wondering over the man, he was barely covered in his wrap. Adorned in golden circlets and jewels. A runt and a whore. Thor felt the anger boil up within him, the words searing hot on his tongue. A runt and a whore. He dared not voice the words. So he held him self still. “Odin.” The gritty voice of Lauey greeted.
“Laufey” The Father nodded.And thus they preceded across the bridge into the heart of Asgard. Loki It would seem Thor Odinson did not remember him. Loki mused as they rode towards the castle. The blonde Aesir was as handsome as he remembered all those year ago, when Thor and the All-father had first came to Jötunheimr for their negotiations. Loki had first laid eyes on the Thunderer in the great halls of his father. He had watched as the golden heir of Odin ate and talked animatedly at the table. Bright and golden,  like a flame Loki wanted to touch, was Thor amidst  the cold and unforgiving ice of Jötunheimr. Loki had known then that Thor would be his fate. Not that he had any say in what would happen, but the peace between their two worlds must be kept. With the treat of the Dark Elves on the horizon, there was little else they could actually do. At times, the thought of Thor had given Loki hope. Years of being surrounded by his own kin, who scorned him. Who had all but cast him out. Born runt to the Jötunn king, Loki had depended on his skills in sorcery and the arcane to defend himself among the court who had taken up trying to kill him as a pastime. There had been many lonely times where Loki had thought back upon that day at the hall, recalling the light which seem to pour off of Thor. There was a innate goodness inside the Thunderer and Loki wanted so badly to touch it. Put his hands into the fire and let it warm him. He kept his eyes on Thor's back, the broad shoulders under the red flowing red cape. The golden hair he had remembered so well was the same, though now longer than between, Loki thought it suited him. Though it had been years since Loki last saw Odinson, he has been attentive to his actions. Never from his father of course, should Laufey ever  have discovered his weakness for Thor, it would not have ended well for Loki. But always did Loki receive news of Thor using his magic. Tales of Thor's passion and adventures were never far from his ears. It always excited him to learn news of Thor, in the beginning Loki had thought to use these pieces of news to help himself, thinking it would be of use to him one day. But as time passed, Loki found himself growing fond of Thor, though sometimes bullheaded and easily enraged
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Abuse
Arranged Marriage
Dark!Thor

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

