Work Text:
There is something that not a lot of people know about Peter Parker.He had a secret obsession: Spider documentaries.Though it might make him a bit of a cliché, Peter adored spider documentaries. It became his go-to background noise when he was home alone. They were all just so interesting!
This was a secret that only Ned knew about since he caught him watching a documentary in the dark while upside down on the ceiling, making a web.After that, it became a bit of a pastime for both of them. It was a regular in their itinerary for literally every sleepover. It became sort of like a habit: Star Wars and then NatGeo or BBC or what other documentary they could find.It was during one of these sleepovers at Ned's place that Peter had a thought."Hey, Ned?""Yeah?""I want one.""…a what?"Turning to Ned, he said seriously, "Ned, I want an army."Feeling a bit lost, Ned asked. "An… army?""Yeah, like a horde of spiders. An entire army of them. That’s what I want."Finally catching up to the conversation, Ned made a noise of understanding. "Oh, so you want an army of spiders! Ohhh, man. That'd be so cool!"Nodding enthusiastically, Peter agreed. "Right?!""Dude, they could be like your little spies!""OH MY GOD, YES! They'd make patrol so much easier!""OH MY GOD, PETER CAN YOU TALK TO SPIDERS?""What? No." That was absurd. He couldn’t talk to spiders.…right?"I mean… you're part spider so you might, right?"That… made sense."I've actually never tried it. You wanna go look for a spider?"Ned put his hand on Peter's shoulder. He said with a serious expression, "Dude. I have never wanted to do anything more in my life."
He can't talk to spiders.Honestly, Peter and Ned felt a bit stupid. They went searching for spiders for around 2 hours and they were pretty sure that the neighbors thought they were a bit high.Not that he could blame them. When you see two teenagers talking to a corner of a ceiling by the porch and hoping for the best, you'd kind of think they're either crazy or high."Man, that’s so sad. I really wanted a spider army."Sitting on the bed dejectedly, Ned said. "Me too, dude. That would have been SICK.""It's not like I can just make some of my own."Hearing that, Ned had a thought. Oh, he had a very, very, genius thought.Oblivious to Ned's lack of participation in the conversation, Peter continued. "You wanna build some LEGOs instead?"Noticing his silence, Peter turned to Ned. "Ned? You alright, man?""Dude." Standing up and grasping Peter's shoulders, Ned started to shake him slightly. "Dude! You COULD make your own spider army!""Ned, what are you talking about. I can't give birth to spiders.""No. Dude, no?! How is that your first thought? Obviously not! I know how the reproductive system works, just so you know. But, dude. Peter. Here me out." Pointing to him, Ned said. "You work at the most high tech company in the world sans Wakanda. You could, theoretically, build your own robot spider army!"Finally getting it, Peter jumped up. "Holy shit. I could make Robot Spiders with AIs! Why didn't I think of that?!""Pete, Pete! Let's make plans. Dude, I'm like this close to flipping. We could make spider AIs and have them crawl around to scout or something."Pulling out some paper and pens, Peter looked at Ned excitedly, "Where do we start?"Come morning, Ned and Peter emerged from Ned's room with bloodshot eyes and eye bags as dark as their shadow but both grinning like lunatics and holding papers filled to the brim with drawings, calculations and rudimentary codes.
Finishing his rounds at the R&D Department of Stark Industries, Peter immediately went to his personal lab. Tony was in Washington for the rest of the week to talk about the UN amendments that Peter recently negotiated last month. As such, he would take over for Tony in the R&D department and then work by himself in the lab in the evenings.Normally, he wouldn't be enthusiastic about this at all. He liked working with Tony.However, today was different.Today, Peter was going to finetune his designs so that he could start making his little spider army.He planned to make different types of spiders so they'd all have different specialties. Peter and Ned decided to make them as spider-like as possible, just for the hell of it.Naturally, they'd have to be modelled after real-life spiders. So, they decided to make two types: the Raft spiders which could walk on water and the Jumping spider; both of which would allow him to video and record anything and send it to the AI Peter made specifically for his army, Webster.Webster was going to be linked to KAREN and would be able to help him in stealth and just spying in general. It was going to be epic.By the end of the week, Peter was able to make himself a small army of spiders, 50 of each type with one spider being slightly bigger to signify that they were the leader. The leader for the raft spiders was called Jesus, because he could walk on water and the leader for the jumping spiders was called Bugsy, just because.Col
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Genius Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Heir
Peter Parker is the heir of Stark Industries
Spider AIs
Identity Reveal
Phone Calls
Smart Peter Parker
Oblivious Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
tony stark is a little shit

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

