Chapter 1: stars & stripes
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
  An hour ago, Lemar Hoskins would’ve been here. An hour ago and his chest would still be rising, and his legs would still have the strength to support his body, and he would be standing in this dungy Latvian warehouse next to John Walker. Perhaps it was John’s fate to be led to this place alone, because if he and Lemar were together, they would undoubtedly be claiming  victory  together, not here in this shithole, the vibranium in John’s white–knuckled grip feeding blood into the concrete. No matter the mission or its slim odds of survival, if Lemar Hoskins were still alive, John knows exactly where he would be—at John’s side like a limb bound to flesh. His right hand. His shadow. His partner of four years and his best friend of eight. And now, a few blocks away you’ll find the limb, the shadow, the partner, and the friend; Lemar’s desolate body leaning against a byzantine column, his skin still warm to the touch. It only took seconds. Seconds. Painless, maybe, but thieving nonetheless, because John didn’t get the chance to tell Lemar not to play the sacrifice card and Lemar didn’t get the chance to tell John  why  and neither of them got to say goodbye. Game over, just like that. Quicker than a snap of his fingers. Lemar probably didn’t even have time to realize what he was doing before he was gone.John has been well familiarized with human mortality in the Army; he knows that headshots and grenades give you seconds, not punches by radicalized teenage girls. But that’s all it took—one well–aimed swing that was meant for John and all four facets of Lemar Hoskins compressed into one wretched symbol. A martyr. John hates that fucking word. But that’s what he is now, right? Lemar the martyr. It’s a terrible disservice to his memory.  Martyr  is a crown of laurels bequeathed to soldiers who could only asseverate fame by dying. Martyrs are pathetic flies born of pity, ignorance, utterly disrespecting those who actually deserve the title. Those who were level–headed and loyal to the cause. Those who died with purpose. Those like Sergeant Major Hoskins. After their first tour together, John knew that Lemar was the man he wanted at his side forever. It feels like just yesterday that they were hunkered down in foxholes, taking the short moments of peace between mortars and rockets to talk about the future. Lemar is as clear cut as diamond in John’s memories, because it does one well to remember the good in war. Humor keeps most squads sane, anyway. And then, with their sanity more or less intact, they made it out. And then they went back in again. And somewhere along the line, after the medals and the interviews and the insufferable background checks and the  waiting,  John found himself entitled Captain, and his and Lemar’s futures intertwined to become one. It had taken years to sculpt their dynamic into what John envisioned. Years to grow the tendons and ligaments. Years of training to get the limb moving just right. Years of their lives, and even still, after buckets of blood, sweat, and tears filled in the service of their country, after Lemar’s beautiful storm of devotion as Captain America’s Battlestar, the only fruits of his labor reaped were the weeds of martyrdom. Years of hard work and heartache, only to be trapped in Riga, limbless. John hates that his best friend will never get the chance to be more. And his family, God, his family. What is he going to say to them? His parents, his sister...they’ll be devastated, but the devastation will most likely end there. Civilians, government officials, even fellow soldiers—they’re all so fucking clueless to the sacrifices Cap is obligated to make. As long as they’re being protected, they don’t give a shit about the men and women protecting them. 
 This is the job, John.  
And yet Lemar lingers, spread out in the darkest umbras of the warehouse, echoing soft, timeworn words of aid that vibrate against the walls of John’s skull. They buzz his teeth and make him weak in the knees and he doesn’t want to acknowledge it, but an aching void within him must. His partner is gone, and so is his friend. No half–assed postmortem military garnish is going to bring him back. Reality is quick to bear its claws, burrowing deep in the pits of John’s most vulgar of impulses, impelling the beginning of his inevitable descent. John was always held to a different standard than Steve Rogers, looking for all the world like a stumbling amputee; a trifling fool thrown off balance by the weight of the shield. But that’s not all. There’s still something else; something more. It starts off as a boiling vat within him; a terrible, monstrous anger simmering beneath his grief. The anger then turns to rage, devouring everything in its path, beginning with John himself. Although he is merely a man, this does not kill him, he does not die from this, because the rage is living, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Joaquín Torres & Sam Wilson
Ayo & James "Bucky" Barnes
Sam Wilson & Sarah Wilson
Ayo & Joaquín Torres

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
abusive language
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Hurt Sam Wilson
Near Death
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Angst with a Happy Ending
Slow Burn
Sam Wilson Has PTSD
Victim Blaming
Internalized Victim Blaming
Suicidal Thoughts
Self-Worth Issues
Past Rape/Non-con
Torture
Mental Anguish
Nightmares
Healing
Christian Themes
Self Harm
discussions of racism
Past Abuse
Joaquin Torres has ADHD
POV Alternating
Ableism
Apologies
Canon Divergence – Episode: s01e05 Truth
Breaking down
Panic Attacks
Trauma
Hurt/Comfort
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Joaquín Torres & Sam Wilson
Ayo & James "Bucky" Barnes
Sam Wilson & Sarah Wilson
Ayo & Joaquín Torres

