Chapter 1: Injured
    




Chapter Text
Peter knew he looked like crap. He could feel the ache in his body as he dragged himself into the Tower, using the entrance reserved for Level 10 access only. The last thing he needed was the staff to find him like this, the interns in R&D had become strangely protective over him ever since he’d officially become one of them. Maybe it was his age, or the fact that he would help them fix their projects, in return for the cookies that were passed around.It wasn’t one of his days to come to the Tower. In fact, he didn’t even know if Mr Stark was in New York, but Peter couldn’t go back to his Aunt’s apartment looking like this. He’d already managed to avoid Happy after school finished, making it through the streets as quickly as possible.The elevator was cool as he pressed his cheek to it, murmuring instructions for FRIDAY to take him up to the Penthouse. Mr Stark always kept a first aid kit under the sink, for when Peter earned bumps and bruises from the suit, so he presumed he could use it for this.‘FRIDAY, is Mr Stark in the Tower?’ He hoarsely asked, wondering if his throat had been damaged. It felt bruised, swollen and painful as he tried to swallow, ignoring the buzzing in his pocket that would probably be the group chat.News had to have spread by now, about what Flash had done.‘I’m afraid not, Peter. Would you like me to contact him?’ ‘No, it’s okay.’ He waved off her concern, having already told her to override Baby Protocols as soon as he stepped foot in the building. Technically, this had happened outside of the suit, so she wasn’t forced to report it to her creator.‘Miss Potts is on floor 25, in a meeting, if you would prefer her company?’ Peter liked Miss Potts. She hadn't questioned where he’d come from, simply welcomed her into the Tower with open arms. Slowly, they’d begun to bond over their combined fondness of Mr Stark. When Pepper couldn’t get him to leave the Lab, it was Peter who would go and drag him out. When Tony needed to be at meetings, Peter would convince him to go.When Peter needed a guardian to sign something for him, it was Pepper that would pay attention to the forms he shyly handed across.‘I’m good.’The door to the penthouse opened, thankfully into darkness, and Peter stumbled in the direction of the kitchen. His shirt was sticky, Peter suspected mostly with his own blood, and his head was beginning to spin. Each step was a drag, painfully aching as he tried to navigate the space with nothing more than his dwindling Spider-senses.Clearly, he was almost unconscious, because he didn’t notice the other people present until the lights switched on suddenly.Burning light filled the room, Peter squawking as he rose his hands to cover his sensitive eyes, grimacing when voices demanded answers. A gun being loaded, pointed at him.‘Who the hell are you?’‘Jesus, is that a kid?’‘Nat, put the gun down.’‘Why’s there a kid in the Tower?’Peter tried to open his eyes, to put his hands out in surrender, considering he really didn’t want to take on whoever had broken in while he was seeing double. However, the first person he saw happened to be none other than Captain America.The man that left Tony for dead.A deep-rooted fear spiked, one that had latched on after Tony came back from Siberia. He’d been quiet for weeks, short-tempered and terrified, though he tried to hide it. Peter had followed in his shadow, never quite admitting that he didn’t want to lose another father-figure, because that would mean telling Mr Stark that he was more than just Peter’s hero.So, when confronted with the man that gave Peter nightmares, the Spider turned around and made it to the trashcan in time to throw up. It tasted foul, of bile and blood, stomach heaving as he heard worried remarks.‘Jesus, kid, hang on. Easy.’ The Falcon, Sam Wilson, had moved closer to him.What were the Rogues doing in the Tower? Peter couldn’t remember much about the recent discussion about them, just that they were being placed under house arrest until the pardons were worked out. Tony had negotiated a redesigned version of the Sokovia Accords, something that had meant the others agreed to sign.Peter knew Tony had done that for him. He wasn’t an idiot, Ross was trying to find out who he was, and now Peter had been stupid enough to walk into Captain fucking America. ‘How the hell did he get in here?’ Hawkeye asked, from his position leaning against the kitchen island.Peter stopped throwing his guts up, wincing at the bright lights as he looked to the Falcon, who offered out a glass of water.‘Kid, did someone hurt you? Are you hiding from someone?’ Right, he was covered in blood. Peter drained the water, the ache in his throat receding enough for him to look down at himself.‘T’anks, Mr Wilson Falcon Sir.’ Peter bit out, then dodged around him and headed towards the sink.The gun was raised again, by the Black Widow, even if Captain America told her to lower it.‘You put that fucking gun down right now, or I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Minor Injuries
Painkillers
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Sick Peter Parker
Swearing
Identity Reveal
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

