Chapter 1: The God of Great Sex
    




Chapter Text
Okay, see, here’s the thing. Tony knows- he knows he shouldn’t be mouthy with the former Prince of Asgard, with the so-called God of Mischief, with Thor’s estranged, then not-so-estranged, brother. But if there’s one thing Tony knows equally well, it’s that he can’t resist tempting fate. Tempting fate has led him to where he is at this present moment, fighting what are apparently frost giants making their way across the Brooklyn Bridge, with the rest of his team and Loki who is also, apparently, a frost giant himself - who knew? The frost giants have been wreaking havoc across all of New York’s Five Boroughs for the last two days and they seem mostly impervious to anything but Asgardian magic, something of a specialty of Loki’s.
Frankly, Tony is beyond irritated to see the guy and pretty peeved that he had the balls to show his face anywhere close to New York, claiming to be an ally no less. Yeah, fine, his teammates all agreed (very reluctantly) to let Loki help them after their efforts had only made a small dent in the number of Jotun pillaging the streets, but Tony will have none of Loki’s trickster bullshit, or at least, he’ll have none of it when this one giant stops crushing Tony’s head between its two bare fists. The helmet's visuals have gone berserk and his efforts to free himself are quickly failing. Jarvis' concerned voice plays in his ear, "Sir, the rear skull plate has taken critical damage and is no longer responding to the manual release. I'm afraid any continued efforts in that direction will surely decapitate you."
"Lovely," Tony snarls, "where are we on power? I can't see my goddamn display."
Jarvis' voice is grim in his ear, "we are at four percent backup power. Ammo reserves at zero percent."
Wanting to delay his decapitation, Tony pulls his right leg back, and engages the mini thrusters behind his knee, ramming a brutal kick into what he hopes is the giant's groin.  He hears a roar and the pressure on his skull increases twofold, "oooookay, so they don't like that on their planet either. Where's my backup?" He's sweating heavily now, the cool air that usually feeds into his helmet has been redirected into the suit to maintain its function with so little power left.  
Jarvis' voice cuts in and out, "Mk 42...inbound west at sixty.... seconds .... 40 and 41 are still unrespons... Your teammates are heavily preoccup...."
"Aggghh!" The grip on Tony's skull tightens further, and he can hear the metal plates of his helmet rending ominously. He has only one more second to realize he is well and truly done for when suddenly the pressure is gone, and miracle of miracles, his head isn’t a pile of goo on some giant snow alien’s clammy blue hand, said alien blown to pieces in a flash of green light.
Tony falls to the ground. He can barely breath and he’s pretty sure the back plate of his helmet is wedged up into his skull, but hey, he’s alive! His moment of gratitude is immediately undone when he hears that voice- that slimy, weirdly British voice (why do all the Gods sound like they’re rehearsing for Shakespeare in the Park?) and he sees that horrible face with its horrible mischievous trademark smirk and he realizes Loki just saved his life.
Tony groans a very loud, very annoyed groan and manages to twist his helmet off his head so that he can see and hear without interference. Loki has been speaking this whole time, and Tony barely registers any of it until he hears “But of course, the most useless Avenger required my aid, and does not even have the courtesy to thank me for it,” Loki dismisses him, turning away and heading to the battle that is moving slowly but steadily into Manhattan.
Hours from this moment, Tony will wonder why he couldn’t keep his mouth shut - was it the exhaustion, or his throbbing head, or is it the effect Loki seems to inevitably have on everyone around him? But he will realize that no, he opened his mouth because that’s just who Tony Stark is: a Big Fat Fate-Tempter.
“Uh, I tend not to thank people who once threw me out of a high-rise window.” To be fair, it isn’t the best of his comebacks, but hey, his head was almost smushed by an alien, give a guy a break. He can’t help but to continue, and as Loki turns slowly back to him, Tony begins to count on his fingers, “or someone who broke my Helicarrier, released the Hulk, stabbed my friend through the heart, opened a portal to unleash a giant alien army bent on conquering our planet- right over my tower no less-, who magically mind-controlled some of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s best agents to do your evil bidding, however the hell that worked, and who managed to destroy countless lives, countless city blocks yada yada yada- look I’m running out of fingers. What I’m basically saying is this: I’m not going to thank you for shit. I don’t even care if you’re the God of Great Sex, you’re not hearing a word of thanks out of me.”
“Is that so?” Loki smirks once again, but it is a dangerous smi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Background Thor/Loki
Steve/Tony centric - Relationship
Steve/Tony endgame - Relationship

freeform: 
Mildly Dubious Consent
but not really
Fuck Or Die
but also not really
Loki Does What He Wants
Crack Treated Seriously
Everyone has sex with Tony
Steve/Tony centric
Humor
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Porn with Feelings
Porn With Plot
Character Development
Enthusiastic Consent
Mutual Pining
Happy Ending
Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Background Thor/Loki
Steve/Tony centric - Relationship
Steve/Tony endgame - Relationship

