Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The world was localized to a single point of light as the screaming raged in his head. Water pounded on his back; too consistent to be rain but he could almost smell the petrichor and trees. Was he on a mission? Why would there be water on him if he wasn’t? 
A shower, he realized. He was in a shower. 
He blinked to clear the water from his eyes as the pinpoint of light he was focused on before widened and elongated. It made him vaguely sick to watch but he hadn’t vomited in countless years so he was unlikely to start now. 
The screaming didn’t quiet but now there was a banging accompanying it. The guards or his handlers getting angry that he was taking too long more than likely. He wasn’t being efficient. It was also unlike him to be inefficient. That made him sick too. 
With jerky movements, he stood up and grabbed the bar of soap sitting on a small dish attached to the shower wall. He didn’t recognize the dark marble of the shower and the heavy pulse of the water pressure told him he wasn’t at any of their bases. That meant he had to be on a mission. He must be with a client of HYDRA’s. 
Resuming maintenance functions, he cleaned himself quickly. He paid careful attention to his nether regions. If he was with a client, they would be annoyed if he wasn’t perfectly clean. There may even be an enema kit in the bathroom. Sometimes they wanted him as clean inside as he was on the outside. He’d need to make sure to check before exiting. 
His head twinged with a phantom pain as he acknowledged his failings and swirled with a strange haze over his thoughts. His punishment protocols kicked in automatically when he was insubordinate or slow to complete a mission. He didn’t need to be told when he’d erred anymore. No command was necessary to start the process of correction. 
It made his stomach churn to realize how far off course he must have allowed himself to get. It had been decades since he lost time. Perhaps he’d been out of cryostasis for too long. His performance always degenerated if he went too long without reentering deep freeze or receiving a full reset and wipe. 
He shivered violently as he realized it meant he must be due for one. His jaw clenched reflexively and he forced it to relax. It would upset his handlers if he cracked teeth from stress.

 “Bu--”  

He blinked again. The constant screaming in his head, the banging, and now the headache beginning to form blurred the noise in his mind. What did they say? 
He paused to listen to the voice coming from the other side of the door located across the large bathroom. Looking around for the first time, he still didn’t recognize his surroundings but they looked lavish. His delay was probably greatly upsetting a very wealthy client. 

 “Buck--” 

Buck? Money? Stag? The verb to buck something off? 
His eyes narrowed trying to place the word. Nothing clicked. Was he slipping so far that his language comprehension was deteriorating too? He always thought slower in English, but this was abnormal. How long had he been out of cryostasis? 

 “BUCK! Are you okay? Answer me or I swear I will bust down this door!” 

So he was correct; the voice did say ‘buck’. But what did it mean? 
Another voice came, much lower than the other,  “Sam, please allow me.”  
He shivered again involuntarily. This was a handler. He couldn’t place which one but he was to obey this voice. 
There was comfort in that. At least someone would be able to get him back into working order. This was uncomfortable and growing to be frightening as he struggled to understand why he didn’t know where he was. The sound of a familiar voice meant he wasn’t alone in an unfamiliar place.

 “James, can you hear me?” 

With just the sound of his name, it was like a switch had been tripped. He staggered in place and fell back to his knees where he started. 
He was very wrong. He had thrown up recently and he was about to do so again. His stomach emptied in front of him and swirled down the drain as the water of the shower continued to pound down on him. 

 “James?” 

“I’m fine,   ”  he growled as he resisted vomiting again. It was futile as he heaved up more bile. Either he’d done this several times or he hadn’t eaten recently.
What the fuck was going on? He was so far from ‘fine’ it wasn’t even funny. He didn’t even know why he was having a panic attack, but it was coming on strong and there was very little he could do to stop it. 
The night rushed back into his mind to fill in the blanks. Madripoor. Selby. Serum. Mission. Handler. No, Zemo. 
He took gulping breaths as he realized nothing happened. So little had happened that he didn’t understand why he was panicking. They went to the bar, he beat a few idiots up, and Selby took the bait. Zemo had bluffed his way through the whole night just as expected. 
Bucky remembered the bar, the ‘exchange’, the escape. He remembered beating the assailants to a bloody pulp a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Helmut Zemo

freeform: 
Winterbaron
Gentle Zemo
damaged Bucky
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Slow Burn
Past Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
HYDRA Trash Party
Unreliable Narrator
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
During Canon
Post-Canon
Bucky Barnes Gets a Hug
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Healing
Explicit Consent
Bucky Barnes & Winter Soldier are Different Personalities
Everyone Needs A Hug
Everyone Gets A Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Aftermath of Torture
Psychological Torture
Thunderbolts - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Helmut Zemo

