Chapter 1





Chapter Text

"I'm sorry. Repeat that again." Tony leaned forward in his seat from across the table. He even stuck a finger in his ear as if he was cleaning it out. "I don't think I heard you right." 

Fury rolled his eyes-- or well, eye. "You and Rogers need to go undercover as a married couple in a community out on Long Island." 

Steve was silent when he heard the words from Fury’s mouth. He knew that he shouldn’t be excited about it because Tony obviously didn’t want to have anything to do with him anymore, but he was. He’d by lying to only himself if he tried to act like he was going to hate this. He’d always loved Tony, and when he dreamed of a perfect life with a white picket fence and a family, it was Tony that was right by his side. 

Unfortunately, Tony wasn’t as happy to hear of the assignment. Not that Steve blamed him. "Why us? You realize there are hundreds of other SHIELD agents that can do this right?" 

"This is an intense undercover operation, Stark. I don't want to send out just anyone." Fury rolled his eyes. "As much of a pain in the ass as you are, I trust you two to get this done with no problems. I can't say that for most of my agents, unfortunately."

"What is this mission for, sir?" Steve asked, trying to keep the conversation on track. He didn’t want a reminder from Tony about how much he hated him. 

"We suspect that there is a Hydra operative living in this community, posing as a civilian."

"And we're just supposed to figure out which one of them is Hydra?" Steve asked, trying to figure out the hard part of the mission. How hard could it really be?

"Yes, what part of what I said confused you?" 

Tony snorted at Fury’s retort and Steve felt his cheeks burn. 

"Just clarifying, sir." 

Fury huffed and Tony sighed. "Lay off Rogers. He's just being a good boy scout and checking all the boxes before we start." 


Rogers. 

God...when was the last time Tony called him 

Steve? 

He couldn't remember. 

"So then there's no problem here? Are we all clear on the mission?" Fury asked, even though he wasn't looking for an answer other than yes.

Steve nodded his head. "Of course, sir." 

Tony scoffed and from the corner of his eyes, Steve could see him shaking his head in frustration. 

Fury noticed it as well. "You're the two I chose for this mission whether you like it or not. Get it done 

without

 complaining."

"You know, it's going to be kinda hard to get it done when we're who we are. Captain America and Tony Stark.” 

Steve tried to ignore the feeling he got when Tony used his own name but Captain America for him. It wasn't a good one. 

"How are you going to put us 

undercover?" 

Tony asked with good reason. His point was incredibly valid...it would be nearly impossible for them to go unrecognized. 

Fury smirked. "Every good spy has a disguise. You'll have different names."

"Cool. Cool. But, Nick, bud...we still 

look 

like ourselves." 

(Even Fury got addressed by his first name.)

Fury smirked at Tony's words. "Not for long." 
 
 
“Undercover together...like-- a couple?” Peter asked, failing to hide his smirk. 

“Yes, Peter. Like a couple.” Tony kept his eyes on the project in front of him, refusing to look up at him. 

“But doesn’t Director Fury know that you two like haven’t spoken to each other in…” Peter trailed off, unsure of how long it had been. 

“That we haven’t spoken in eight months? Yes.” 

Peter hadn’t known Tony that long. It had been eight months since they first met, and only five months since they had gotten closer. Tony had went from shoving every call to Happy to giving Peter two days a week for lab time, and at least one weekend a month where he was allowed to stay the week. Tony had even cancelled the sale of the tower after getting closer with Peter.

The government was working things out with Captain America and his side in the big ‘Civil War’, so they were allowed to stay at the Compound. Tony did everything he could since they moved in to avoid going there, so lately Peter had found himself at the tower with Tony more often than not. 

Peter didn’t exactly blame Tony for not wanting to see them or for being so reluctant to listen to their apologies. They had betrayed him, and 

something 

happened in Siberia that Peter didn’t know anything about. Tony refused to give him even the smallest of hints. 

The only reason Peter knew that the black eye he had months back was from Siberia because Happy had made a comment to him about it after school one day. Peter had jumped on Tony with questions the moment he saw him, but Tony’s face turned a little...sad for a brief second before he had glared at him and said to drop it. 

In the moment, Peter had dropped it, but he didn’t forget about it forever. He was much too curious for that. And the more time he spent with Tony, the more comfortable he got with asking about it. That didn’t mean he ever got an answer.

“I guess it makes sense,” Peter said, shrugging his shoulders. “They’re trying t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Harry Osborn

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Undercover
Undercover as a Couple
undercover as a family
Superfamily
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Tony Stark Has Trust Issues
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Parent Steve Rogers
Demisexual Steve Rogers
Asexual Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Domestic
Sharing a Bed
Pining Steve Rogers
Oblivious Tony Stark
Matchmaker Peter Parker
Jealous Tony Stark
Arguing
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Nightmares
Underage Drinking
Sick Tony Stark
Slow Burn
Sexual Content
Making Out
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Homophobia
Sexual Tension
Flirting
First Kiss
Mutual Pining
Teenagers
Teenage Drama
Implied/Referenced Bullying
The Talk
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker Has a Crush
Peter Parker has ADHD
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Steve Rogers
Misunderstandings
Angst
Vomiting
Skinny Dipping
Domestic Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Harry Osborn

