Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 Tony 
  “You sure about this, Tones?” Rhodey’s voice was loud and clear despite the noise of the jet coming into land.  They both watched from the balcony as the wheels hit the landing pad. Tony smoothed down his tie, making sure it was tucked neatly into the waistcoat before slipping his hands into his trouser pockets.  This was his favourite suit, tailored to perfection.   Not all armour was made of metal. “It’s a done deal.  Let’s get this over with.” Tony started to stalk out; slowing down when he remembered Rhodey couldn’t fall into step as quickly anymore.  The memory was less of a flash of guilt but more of a trickling from the vat he had constantly stoked.  Rhodey had reiterated many times that he didn’t blame him for what had happened in Leipzig, but that didn’t matter.  He’d always feel responsible.  He was the king of talk, right?  The man with the silver tongue; always knowing what to say to charm the pants off someone, schmooze the press or convince the Stark Industries board to back his latest scheme.  But in that moment, on the tarmac, he couldn’t find the right words to convince Rogers and the others to come in, let alone sign, and then it had all gone to hell.  Rhodey followed him into the elevator, standing shoulder to shoulder with him. “Take us to the Rogues, FRI.” “Guess we’re going to have to stop calling them that now…” Rhodey murmured.   Tony let out a noncommittal hum before Rhodey continued.  “I could think of a few other choice names.  Particularly for Rogers…” Tony heard the heat in his oldest friend’s tone; protective to the end.  “Eyes on the prize, Sour-patch.  This is about rising above for the good of the world, remember?” Rhodey’s locked his jaw.  It’d been an argument between them over the last few months.  Rhodey not understanding Tony’s urge to reconcile and bring the Avengers back together; not after what had happened in Siberia.  Tony understood; he’d been plenty bitter for the months following, and he still was, but it was different for Rhodey and Pepper.  They’d been the ones to see him afterwards; they’d dealt with the physical and emotional fallout he’d had that had included a relapse into heavy drinking.  It hadn’t been a long one, but it had been deep.  If the shoe had been on the other foot, he might’ve been feeling like Rhodey was now. Rhodey had argued that they could have added to the ranks from some of the vigilantes that had sprouted up in New York.  They didn’t even have to go far afield.  There were some good contenders there; two super-strong individuals, a scary guy who had extraordinary fighting ability, and a new guy called Spider-Man.  He won the prize for the most ridiculous name of course but he was probably the most interesting.  Definitely enhanced strength, agility and possibly other unique capabilities, unless he had incredible tech which, judging by the onesie he wore, was pretty unlikely.  But all of them stayed close to the ground, mostly patrolling particular neighbourhoods, presumably their own.  They were unlikely to have the breadth of experience in combat situations that the previous team had, and Tony just didn’t know how long there would be to train anyone before the visions in his head became a reality.  But he didn’t mention that – he had the feeling they thought he was half-mad to still be worried about the thoughts that Wanda had put in his head, clearly done for the sole intention of freaking him out.  But it was hard to express that she’d latched onto his deepest fear – his fear of losing everyone he loved and being the last person left alive — that hadn’t been a fabrication. The elevator came to a gentle stop.  Tony made brief eye contact with Rhodey who was looking at him with unshielded concern.  Tony shoved his hands deep into his pockets, in case the slight tremor gave him away.  “Showtime,” he said, flashing his friend his patented smile before turning and stepping out of the elevator, keeping it plastered on. Tony had timed it exactly right because of course he had, and as he walked across the hall with Rhodey by his side, the doors opened, and his former friends came through. Tony felt his stomach twist as he took them in.  Sam Wilson came through first, holding the door for Natasha Romanoff, both of whom looked much the same as when he had last seen them.  He didn’t have much beef with Sam.  Hell, he’d only known the guy a year or so before the whole shit show started.  They’d gotten on well, but he’d always been Cap’s guy.  Natasha was a different kettle of fish.  They’d been friends.  Good friends.  And she’d stabbed him in the back.  Or at least that was how it had felt at the time.  Sure, he’d seen her since then— right after the airport —and his care for her had been why he’d warned her to disappear before Ross got to her.  He hadn’t heard from her since then, but she had shown up on a few of his searches, which he had the feeling she had done deliberately so he knew she was still alive
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Protective Bucky Barnes
POV Bucky Barnes
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Homeless Peter Parker
Foster Care
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Canon Compliant
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Child Abuse
Physical Abuse
POV Tony
POV Peter Parker
Swearing
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Abused Peter Parker
Slow Burn
Slow Build

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

