Chapter 1





Chapter Text

My brother had always told me that I needed to learn how to protect myself because he wouldn’t always be here, but I had always thought that he would be here all of my life. Last year he had been in an accident and didn’t make it. Losing him felt like losing half of my soul. Now I’m here, going to school where we both wanted to go, but I’m alone. I found a self-defense class and immediately signed up. Walking to said class was an experience in itself. There were so many kinds of people on campus and on the walk to the studio. 
 
Pulling open the door to the studio of the class was intimidating. There are mostly men in the room and I’m not trying to train with a man. I was desperately searching the room for a woman and finally found one. She’s hitting a punching bag and I can’t take my eyes off of her. Her red hair is up in a bun and she’s got the most intense look in her eyes. Eyes that sparkled like emeralds as she hit the bag in front of her. 
 
I made the quick decision to go introduce myself to her before anything got started. If anything, I wanted to see if she would agree to be my partner. I didn’t want to be uncomfortable on my first day and leave. As soon as I got close to her, she stopped hitting the bag and looked at me. I almost lost the ability to function when she raised an eyebrow in my direction.
 
“Did you just come over here to look pretty or…?” She asked, a smirk on her face.

“No, I uh, I was just, I’m new. You’re the only girl in this class. I uh thought maybe we could pair up? It’s just that I, well I mean I just don’t feel comfortable training with a man.” I explained, cursing myself for being so awkward.

“Well, what’s your name? Or should I just refer to you as ‘new girl’?” She asked, the smirk spreading across her face.

“It’s Wanda. I’m Wanda. Maximoff. Not… Not that my last name is important. That’s just my name. Ugh, I’m sorry, you probably think I’m weird.” I said, yelling at myself in my head.

“Hello, Wanda Maximoff. I’m Natasha Romanov. And no, I don’t think you’re weird. Adorable? Yes. Weird? Not yet.” Natasha said.

“Natasha… I like it. Is that… Is that Russian?” I asked, watching her smile.

“It is. Maximoff. Sokovia, right?” Natasha asked, slowly.

“Exactly.” I said, lost in her smile.
 
I had only just met her, and I loved being around her. It was entrancing and intoxicating to the highest degree. I knew I was getting lost in her eyes, but I couldn’t find it in myself to care. She was beautiful and I was thankful that she was even talking to me. I was brought out of my daydream when she cleared her throat. I shook my head to clear my thoughts and focused back in on her.
 
“So you want to train with me?” Natasha asked with a knowing smirk.

“Uh, yes, yeah, I do.” I stutter out.

“How are you with being at the front of the class?” Natasha asked.

“Uh, I guess I’m okay with it. But why?” I answer, confused.

“Because this is my class and if you want to train with me, you need to come up to the front of the class so I can also demonstrate with you.” Natasha said with a wink.

“

Oh

.” I said, sounding about as smart as a neanderthal.
 
I watch the smile spread over her face as she walked to the front of the class. She whistled and the entire room came to a halt and turned to face Natasha.
 
“Alright guys, I’ll be having Wanda come up here to be my partner for today. First, I want you guys to work on leg sweeps. Wanda, please come up here so I can show them how it’s done.” Natasha commanded, sending me a wicked smirk.
 
I made my way to the front of the room as quickly as I can. Not wanting to keep the room waiting on just me. I also want to learn how to do a leg sweep. Natasha slowly instructed the class on how to go about the leg sweep, using me as the demonstration dummy. Something I wasn’t opposed to though. Suddenly I was on my back and she was looking down at me with a smirk. She quickly dismissed the class to practice on each other  and turned to me with a softer smile. She offered me a hand to pull me up and I took it.
 
“Did I catch you off guard?” Natasha asked.

“Uh, no… Why?” I asked, trying to play it off.

“Just seemed like you weren’t ready for it to happen when I did it. Like you were a little… Distracted.” Natasha said with a small laugh.

“Oh, uh, I was, a little.” I answered truthfully.

“Anything in particular catch your attention?” Natasha asked with a smirk.

“No, no one in particular.” I said, dismissing the silent accusation.

“Interesting. Do you know what to do, or do you need me to go through it again with you?” Natasha asked.

“Can you uh, can you go through it again for me?” I asked quietly.
 
She laughed and noded her head. She slowly demonstrated where to put my hands and the movements to go through as she swept my legs out from under me. She was looking down at me with a smirk and I couldn’t help the comment that escaped my mouth.
 
“You’re hot.” I said and was immediately embarrassed.

“Well you’re not so bad yours
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
Domestic Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Cute
Light Angst
Humor
Siblings
Protective Siblings
Sibling Love

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov

