Work Text:
 ONE  “This isn’t the way to your apartment,” Sam says, five minutes after Bucky takes a right when he should’ve taken a left.“Excellent observation, Sam,” says Bucky. He doesn’t slow or turn around, just keeps pushing ahead, dusty black boots a steady  thump-thump-thump over the ground. “You do your former namesake proud.”“You think you’re real funny, don’t you, Buck. Where’re we going?”“To a place,” says Bucky, because he’s a smartass.“A place,” Sam echoes, unamused. “Mind elaborating a little more?”“Hmmm. No.” Sam narrows his eyes at Bucky’s back. “Alright, don’t tell me,” he grumbles. “See if I care.”The scent of recently-fallen rain is fresh on the night air, mingling with the less desirable city-smells of car exhaust and manhole steam. Sam catches a whiff of garbage from an alley, curses under his breath, and widens his stride—not everyone can power walk as fast as a super soldier. Sam’s not embarrassed of that. He ends up so preoccupied with watching how Bucky’s dark shadow cuts through the smeary-wet glow of city lights on pavement that when his friend stops in the middle of the sidewalk, Sam plows straight into him. “Whoa,” Bucky says, smirk spreading over his face, even as he catches Sam gently by the elbow before he bounces off his back and onto the sidewalk. “Falling asleep on your feet, flappy bird? You gonna need someone to tuck you into bed now? Rest those weary bones of yours?”“Shut up. You’re the weary one, old man,” Sam says, and then casts a considering eye over the restaurant they’ve stopped in front of. He whistles. “Sushi? Pretty fancy for our usual post-mission, Buck.”Bucky shrugs. “It’s my turn to buy, so. My choice.”This has become somewhat of a tradition, ever since Sam and Bucky fell into their little not-partnership during the Flag Smashers situation and never managed to fall back out. In the wake of that final, devastating battle, Bucky had waited for Sam to return from fishing the final Flag Smasher out of the water, and then followed Sam in silence all the way back to Sam’s apartment—only, he claimed in nonchalance, to make sure Sam’s ‘delicate human body’ didn’t pass out after such incredible exertion, and then he’d be ‘right on his way’. What actually happened was that Bucky had planted his ass on Sam’s little couch, heard Sam’s stomach growling, declared loudly that he was entering step one of plan ‘go to them and be of service,’ Sam edition, and then ordered them both Chinese takeout and stared mournfully until Sam relented and started wolfing down his box of reparations stir-fry. And then he’d joined Sam on every one of his missions since, and somewhere along the line, a habit formed; in between having each other’s backs and taking down bad guys, they’d head over to one of their places, patch themselves up, and then order food and eat, taking in their creeping fatigue and bruised bodies and the fact that they were still alive, together. Sam had gotten them Thai curry after their last mission, so Bucky is right in saying that it’s his turn to choose. He’s just surprised Bucky was a sushi type of guy.He says as much, and Bucky snorts. “What the hell’s that supposed to mean? And anyway, I wasn’t the one griping about how he wanted sashimi yesterday,” Bucky says, looking away. “I just don’t wanna have to sit through more of your complaining.”Sam suddenly recalls a vague memory of chattering about hand rolls while looping through the sky and dodging bullets, and fondness swells warm and high in his chest. He didn’t realize that Bucky had actually been listening. “Aw, Buck,” he cheers, smacking at a leather-covered arm. “You really do care!”Bucky yanks the door open, faux-annoyed, but under the orange-lantern glow leaking through the glass storefront, Sam can see the side of his mouth tick up in the corner, just for a second.  “Shut up,” he grouses, “and get your ass inside.”It’s late enough in the evening that most of the little restaurant is cleared out; there are only a few occupied tables in the corners, each group of patrons chattering quietly to themselves over their tea. At the bright jingle of the bell on the door, a pretty young woman pops her head out from the back. “Welcome to Izzy’s! I’ll be with you in just a sec—oh! It’s you.”For a moment, Sam stops in his tracks, confused. Then, he follows the woman’s eyeline to Bucky, who’s frozen just over Sam’s shoulder and making a very interesting face. “Hi, Leah,” Bucky greets, voice weak. “Didn’t think I’d see you tonight.”‘Leah’ raises an eyebrow and scoots her way out from between the curtains at the kitchen’s entrance. “I work here every weekday.”“Oh,” says Bucky, shifting from foot to foot, fidgeting like he’s on the verge of sprinting off into the night. “That’s right.”“Mhm. Were you hoping I got fired or something?”“No, I—”“I’m just messing with ya,” Leah says, a dimpled smile finally breaking across her face. “Just surprised to see you here with someone other than Yori! Surprised you’re coming back at all,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Pining
Light Angst
Getting Together
basically-roommates to lovers
Post tfatws
sam: wait did you just try to date me
bucky: have been for the past year but thanks for noticing
French translation available

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

