Work Text:
Steve is sure it was his imagination. He gets little sleep these days, what with being the unofficial leader of a band of superheroes, so it could be simply that - a moment of pure delusion, where his overtired and overworked brain showed him something that wasn’t.It doesn’t stop him from pulling out his sketchbook one evening, settling himself on his bed, knees drawn up close to his chest and his back to the wall, eyeing the door every so often as he draws what his mind conjured up, something new, something wrong, somehow, something he’s not been brought up to accept. It doesn’t make it any less hot.In his drawing, Bucky’s legs are bare but for the suspenders dangling from the garter belt he’s wearing. He’s still wearing a shirt, his dog tags resting low over his stomach, and his eyes are hooded. When Steve looks at his finished work, he feels his pulse quicken, the image seared behind his eyelids afterwards, making him sweat a little.He wants to ask Bucky if he’s really imagined it, that morning where he inadvertently walked in on Bucky buttoning up after a shower, the flash of lace and black, but despite their friendship, he simply cannot bring himself to. It’d be weird, and Bucky would probably never let him live it down.So Steve doesn’t say anything, and keeps on telling himself he’s just imagined it, and all is well. He jerks off to the images in his head, and he draws Bucky in all sorts of depraved positions and outfits, keeping that notebook well away from the one he knows Fury - and sometimes Tony - dig out from under his mattress to check his thoughts.It’s not something that makes him feel violated anymore, not really; he gets it, he’s been sleeping for 70 years and now he’s adapting to a completely new world, the therapy sessions and the secrets he can’t keep, Steve understands them. But this particular secret? This, this thing that makes his blood thrum in his veins when he thinks about it, it’s not for sharing. This is sexual and special and intimate in a way most of his thoughts aren’t, so he keeps it to himself, satisfied.---It’s curiosity that drives Steve to walk inside Victoria’s Secret. He’s alone, his jacket collar lifted up in a futile attempt to keep the steady rain at bay; it’s a miserable day and at first he tells himself he’s just ducking inside the shop to avoid the heavy skies, but he knows it’s a lie. He jogs inside this very shop for specific reasons, even if he stands in the entrance, the sleeves of his jacket dripping water on the back of his hands, for a moment too long.The saleswoman that walks to him is tall and blonde and pretty, her hair falling in loose curls around her face. Her eyes sparkle with amusement and Steve guesses he must look as lost as he feels, uncomfortable. The woman - Shelly, her nametag says - smiles indulgently at him.“Can I help you?”Steve feels like a fish out of water. He’s been a fish out of water since he woke up in 2011, the world as he knew it gone and replaced with something loud, crazy, ever-growing, too big for its own skin. He’s read as much as he could about what happened between the 40’s and now, discovered the wonder of computers and the Internet and Wikipedia, so it’s not like he’s ignorant, but there is so much, so much he still has no idea about. He still treats every dame he meets like he would have done in the 40’s, and he still speaks in a way that makes Tony laugh at how outdated it is. He’s learning, but not fast enough, and this whole situation he’s put himself in, he doesn’t feel prepared for it.He doesn’t know what to say. He knows he’s blushing, and he feels like an idiot, so he straightens up, scratches his throat, and tries to go for a smile.“I’m alright, thanks.”Shelly raises an eyebrow, clearly not believing him, but Steve cannot wait for her to turn away; this is not what he’s here for.“Are you sure? Are you looking to buy something for your girlfriend? Your wife? Do you know her size?”He has no idea, because this is not what Shelly thinks, and he doesn’t really want to tell her that, no, it’s for a man, slightly smaller than Steve is himself. Again, Steve tries to smile.“I know her size, yeah. Thank you, I’ll manage.”Shelly nods once, taking a step back and finally admitting defeat. Steve lets out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding, and steps further inside the shop.There are so many, so many panties and bras and corsets and stockings and other various articles Steve has never ever seen before in his life, in all the colors of the rainbow and all the colors in between, in black and white and all shades of grey.It’s overwhelming, but it’s also pretty, and Steve runs his hand over a row of satin panties, feeling the smoothness under his fingers. He observes the finest details of a black corset, unable to help himself and imagining it on Bucky. He stares for a long time at a display of stockings, taken by the small details - the criss-crossing on one, the small stars on another.He leaves the shop an hou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crossdressing
Clothing Kink
Masturbation
all the feelings
First Time
post winter soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

