Chapter 1: Bucky & the Limp
    




Chapter Text
"Are you hungry?" Sam Wilson asked Bucky Barnes as they both limped away from the flashing lights of the Police cars that littered about the scene behind them. Bucky sighed quietly to himself as his metal hand flexed automatically by his side. "I could eat." Bucky replied quietly, just as he fell in step with the man beside him. The crowds that surrounded the scene cheered and yelled out for the new Captain America. Bucky knew that partnering with the Falcon would make him known but now, he was partnered with Captain America and it definitely thrust Bucky into the limelight. Bucky's better hand clutched his side as they walked past a few uniformed officers and Bucky stepped over a puddle."What do you feel like? Chinese? Mexican? Ooo how about Korean Barbeque?" Sam asked as he waved at a woman nearby.Bucky would never admit it out loud, but he was glad that Sam was walking beside him, keeping him out of his own head.They'd become closer than before on their last few missions and Bucky had grown rather protective of the man. He knew that Steve handing the shield to Sam was a hard concept for Sam to grasp, but Bucky had already lost one Captain. He wasn't going to lose another."That all sounds really good." Bucky replied quietly, his eyes darting to the crowd. "Hey, you good?" Sam asked as soon as he noticed Bucky's wince and hand press against his abdomen."Yeah. Just a scratch." Bucky tried to play it off. "Seriously Buck? How bad?" Sam asked, stopping to grab at Bucky's jacket. Fighting Sam off, Bucky stepped back. "It's fine."Sam gave Bucky a look before throwing his hands up and started walking again. Bucky followed. "Are you good enough to make the flight home?" Sam asked, waving to another fan.Home. Of course Sam wanted to go home. The fight was over now but Bucky didn't want to go back to his quiet empty apartment. It left him to his thoughts and to his nightmares. It had been a lot worse now that he was back in action. "If I can even call it that. I don't even have a bed." Bucky admitted out loud. "What? Sarah said she hooked you up with my old room." Sam replied, turning his head to glance at Bucky.Oh. Bucky stopped walking, unsure how to answer. It took a few steps for Sam to realise that Bucky had stopped. "What's wrong?" He asked immediately."I- I can't burden you with all of- this." Bucky said, gesturing to his head. "Buck. We're partners now. We look out for each other. We fight each other's battles," Sam replied, sounding kind of offended."Partners? I thought we were just coworkers." Bucky said, glancing at an officer as they walked past."We are. But I also like to think of you as a friend. If that's alright with you, of course." Sam replied back, sass in his tone.Bucky rolled his eyes."Fine. But just to be clear, you're the one who said we were friends." Sam chuckled as he slung an arm around Bucky's shoulders, they began walking forward again."You know, we have a very complicated friendship." Sam said, a smile on his face."Complicated? This will be a straight up dumpster fire. Only friend I ever had was Steve and that barely survived." Bucky replied, wincing again. "You and Steve were childhood friends. We're different. We had a mutual friend, who's gone now so we only have each other to rely on." Sam said factually. "I don't know. You could try your hand with Walker, might turn out better than whatever this is." Bucky replied. "Come on. I'm not that bad.""It's like being friends with my therapist."Bucky and Sam made it back home, Bucky having to endure Sam patching him up on the military flight and sending small laughable jabs at Torres who was only there for Wilson.By the time they made it back to the house, Sarah Wilson had obviously already gone to the docks and Sam heaved a tired Bucky from the truck all on his own."I'm fine, Sam." Bucky made abundantly clear for the hundredth time as Sam fussed over Bucky."You need rest." Sam replied. "And how can I do that with you standing there staring at me?" "I don't know. You stare. I thought it might make you comfortable." Sam replied. "Yeah right.""Fine. I want six hours of sleep from you, Barnes. Or I swear I'll throw you into the ocean." Sam threatened before closing the door to the bedroom as he left. "Thanks Sam." Bucky whispered. He lent his head back on the soft pillows, his body slowly sinking into a relaxed comfortable position and before he knew it. Started to drift off.Sam went about the kitchen, fixing himself something to snack on. His eyes drifted to the bag that contained the shield and swallowed. Picking up the Captain mantle wasn't going to be easy, and Sam knew that. It helped having Steve's best friend beside him as he went, but he couldn't help but wonder if Bucky resented him a little for taking the shield from his dearest friend. "How's it feel?""Like it belongs to someone else."Sighing, Sam lifted his head to look out the window. He frowned slightly when he saw a sleek black s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Captain America Sam Wilson
Protective Sam Wilson
Sam Wilson is So Done
Sam Wilson Feels
Sam Wilson is a Gift
Bucky Barnes's Trigger Words
Triggers
Wakanda (Marvel)
The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (TV) Trailers
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Feels
Fights
Crime Fighting
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Sexy
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Sam Wilson
This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things
Sam Wilson Has Nightmares
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Uncle Bucky Barnes
Uncle Sam Wilson
Superhusbands (Marvel)
Post-Episode: s01e05 Truth (The Falcon and the Winter Soldier)
Character Death
Temporary Character Death

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

