Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Ever since his 16th birthday, Steve's tattoo has been present. It was ever a reminder that it would be the key to finding his soulmate, as he was told when it appeared. It bared the first words your soulmate would say to you when you first meet, which for most would be tricky to know. Many would have just a Hi or Hello, normal greetings printed over their hearts on their chest. Steve's was a bit different.Well hello there, handsome, was printed on his chest. When he first received it, he didn't know who would bother to call him that. At 16, he was small, skinny, and lanky. Far from what he would consider handsome. Even after his body filled out the summer of his senior year, he still never considered himself as such. Now, he was 26. He was a freelance artist living in a decent apartment only due to the money from his regular job, and had yet to meet his soulmate. The words hadn't been spoken.  As he got ready to leave for his job that afternoon at the art museum, Steve checked his mail to realize that his was mixed with someone's down the hall. Must have just moved, since he didn't recognize the name. He took his mail inside and walked to deliver the other's mail, knocking on the apartment door casually.

Ever since Howard kicked him out of the house for being his son, Tony took his share of the family wealth and moved into a cute little apartment in Manhattan’s artist district.
He was extremely surprised to hear a knock on the door. He never had visitors. Like, ever. With a resigned sigh, he got up from his worktable, accidentally getting grease smudged on his forehead. Before opening the door, he grabbed his scarf to hide the tattoo around his neck. Twenty-five dollars was written on his collarbones, which probably meant his soulmate was a street worker. Which, inevitably, got him kicked out of the house. Tony opened the door, blinking at the sight of the glorious man in front of him. "Well hello there, handsome," he breathed, "What can I do ya for?" Steve's breath almost hitched hearing the greeting. Was this guy...  No, don't get ahead of yourself, Steve. And quit gaping at the guy, he might think you’re weird. He looked around for something else to look at, spotting the tag on the man's scarf. "Twenty-five dollars." He stated. "That's a lot for a scarf." Steve shook his head. It wasn't his place to judge. "Uh, I live down the hall and they delivered your mail to me by mistake. Came to give it to you.". "Twenty-five--" Tony blinked, peering up at Steve. "Did, ah, do you have a soulmate tattoo?" he asked, "If that's not too personal, or anything--" Tony blabbed while he took the mail, not even looking at it while he tossed it behind him. Steve's face warmed a bit, thankfully not enough for a blush. But he nodded carefully in reply. "I'm going to guess you have one, as well?" He asked anxiously, offering up a small smile. Tony nodded. "It's ah--well--" He took the scarf off his neck, moving his hand under his collarbones to proudly display his tattoo. "Yours?" he asked, rubbing his neck nervously.  Twenty-five dollars. It was printed clearly on this man's collarbone. "Oh, mine! Well, it’s um--" he cut himself off, trying to pull his shirt down just enough to show the tattoo on his left pec without getting out of uniform."My name's Steve. Steve Rogers." The blond said, extending his hand for a shake. Tony grinned, shaking his hand. "Tony Stark. Yes, my father's Howard Stark, no, he's not my father in a sense. Please, Steve, come in." Steve looked back surprised. Howard Stark was the biggest name in business here in Manhattan. Who knew his soulmate would be important. "I'm sorry Tony, but I actually was on my way to work." Steve said, almost regrettably. "I had only come by real quick to give you your mail. I didn't think I'd meet my...soulmate.". "Well, hot stuff, must be your lucky day. Actually, it's mine, considering I'm strictly into busty blonds, and judging by your size, I hit jackpot,” Tony nodded very seriously, grinning up a Steve, "Go work cowboy, I'll be here working away. I'll leave the door unlocked."He winked, zipping up to give Steve a kiss before closing the door on his face.Steve stood there blinking for a minute after the door shut, fingers brushing over his lips as he tried to process what had just happened. He snapped out of his thoughts when he heard his watch beep. Shit, he was going to be late!
Later that evening, after he got off work and showered, Steve went back down to Tony's apartment. The thought of the visit had buzzed around in his mind all day, something to look forward to but at the same time be nervous about. He didn't know exactly how well they would hit it off, but there was no sense in avoiding this. Just get to know the guy. Steve knocked on the door again, although Tony had said the door was unlocked. It wasn't polite to just waltz into someone's home. "It's open," Tony called, not bothering to look up from his welding station,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Angst
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Dom/sub
Self-Harm
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Eventual superfamily

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

