Work Text:
Tony Stark hated social gatherings with a passion.Because he grew up as the son of the Howard and Maria Stark, attending social gatherings had been part of his routine. It became a painful reminder of his past. As such, he despised having to go and attend these gatherings, especially if he was alone.( Just smile, wave and shake hands, Tony. 
Don’t ever let on that there are problems in our family. 

Don’t show weakness. 

Starks are men of iron. 

This is important for your future.) 
Pepper, of course, knew this deeply. She was, after all, his secretary for a long time before they started dating. She saw Tony on news articles and interviews as she grew up. She saw him chug alcohol and snort drugs like it was his calling. She saw him drown himself in alcohol and drugs to forget.Of course, she also saw Tony pick himself up. She saw him slowly cut down and quit drugs. She saw him diligently distracting himself with building technology for the company when he had a sudden urge to drink. She saw him treat and love Peter like his son. She saw him become better.That's why, when she left the meeting, she felt uneasy. The board of directors wanted Tony to attend a runway show to improve the public's opinion on him. The civil war wasn't that far back and they took a vacation recently, allowing Peter to pick up where they left off, after all.Peter did such a remarkable job in handling SI's affairs, allowing SI's stocks to reach an all-time high, that the board wanted to capitalize on their current popularity by making Tony attend a social gathering one of these days.Pepper, of course, tried to persuade them not to but the board was adamant. Plus, they raised a few valid points during the meeting.Aside from capitalizing on SI's current popularity, it was a good opportunity to introduce Peter to the press without the added pressure of acting as an important figure of Stark Industries. The board was, surprisingly, very supportive of their decision to make Peter the heir to Stark Industries and the Avengers. Thus, they wanted Peter to experience what would be a common thing in his future job as well as subtly introduce him to the world.Personally, Pepper was thankful for their suggestion of bringing Peter. With Tony's bad childhood, he associated the press and social gatherings like this one to be a reminder of his past. Especially now, where the civil war was still a little fresh in everyone's minds, Tony would need support when attending it and considering Pepper had a bit too much on her plate as SI's CEO, Peter was a good alternative.Their lives had changed drastically in the past few months, which Pepper was immensely grateful for. The Avengers had always acted like leeches to Tony in the past, acting as if he was their own personal wallet. As such, there was probably no one happier than Pepper that Tony decided to cut off the Avengers and Fury for good.Plus, now, she was living with Happy, Peter and May, who were absolute godsends. Pepper treated May as if she was her own sister and Peter, her son.When Happy and May started dating and moved into the tower, they became a little makeshift family, complete with movie nights and family dinners. That, coupled with the New Avengers who were significantly more reliable than the Rogues, meant that they had never been as happy or as content as this.
"You know that I don’t like attending runway shows, Pep. I can't even tell the difference between Navy Blue and Royal Blue! I'll be bored to death!"Sighing, Pepper cards her hand through his hair. "I know, Tones, but the board was insisting on it. You haven’t appeared publicly since before that whole fiasco with Rogers."Placing his head on her shoulder, Tony snakes his hand around her waist. Softly, he asks, "Do you think I should go?"Continuing to play with his hair, Pepper takes a moment to collect her thoughts. It's not like it was a bad idea. "I think you should, Tony. The board says that we should capitalize on SI's recent popularity. Plus, it gives you a chance to show Peter what to do in these things. You of all people know that things like these are something that he needs to know how to do."Hugging his fiance contently, Tony mentally agreed. They both knew that being CEO meant more than running the company and Tony wanted Peter to be prepared for anything.Resigned to his fate, Tony says, "Fine. But, I don’t think Peter is ready to go public with identity as our heir.""You can take him as your intern! That way, no one would question his presence when asked and Peter could learn from you. Plus, you've been wanting to buy him a proper suit, haven't you?"Oh, right! Tony has been wanting to buy Peter proper clothes. Watching him wear cheesy science pun t-shirts and calling it 'fashion' was getting on his nerves. Peter never allowed him to buy expensive clothes, though. So, Tony resigned himself to buying slightly less cringy shirts, instead.However, if he brought him to the runway show, then Tony had a proper reason
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Social Media
Interviews
Irondad
Suits
Precious Peter Parker
Oblivious Peter Parker
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
New Avengers
Cross-Posted on FanFiction.Net
Cross-Posted on Wattpad

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

