Work Text:
 
Feels like the world's at stake 'cause

I have been waiting

I have been waiting for you.
 
 Sometimes the soul marks change. Still, it’s not exactly common and it’s definitely worthy of note when it happens to you, because it means that somewhere out there on this great green Earth, quick moments or entire continents away… your soulmate just left you Alone. • The weird thing is that his mark never changed. • Most soulmates are separated at birth by some distance. Many pairs don’t even speak the same language, at first. There’s usually something unexpected between them – it’s part of the wonder of it all, that you don’t know what you want until you meet it. So in the end, when the person contained inside that flesh-and-bone form is the perfect, once-and-for-all-eternity complimentary partner to your own soul, it becomes surprisingly easy to overlook whatever form that soul has taken.Few soulmates are separated at birth by too much time – many share birthdays. Most share birth months. Almost all share birth years. When the distance becomes greater than one year all bets are off, with five years’ difference being equally as unusual as fifty.Yet the one rule that has never been broken is that no matter the geographical separation, no matter the language or cultural barriers in place, no matter the form, physique, colour, present or past circumstances, the gap in age, or even whether or not they ever even meet – the soulmates’ lifespans always overlap.  • So it came as something of a shock to the young boy in an orphanage in Brooklyn, New York, when his scruff and soul mark started to come in at the age of twelve and the latter told him, as it appeared letter by letter, that his soulmate had been dead for almost sixty years. 
  1937 His mark came in late along with the rest of his lazy puberty, but by the time Steve Rogers was eighteen years old he had a fully formed name in delicate, square letters spanning the entire length of his spine from his nape to the hollow above his tailbone, so that you had to step back and turn your head to the right to read it properly. James Buchanan Barnes. He was pretty lucky, he knew, because it was a good and specific name. He couldn’t help but pity people like Loretta Cartwright at the corner store, whose forearm from wrist to elbow had picked out in gentle script the words John David Smith, of all things, or even Daniel Burke from the docks where Steve worked in the office, who by early 1939 had a bicep that boldly read Anja Klaudia Müller.(Still no excuse to be a great big bully, and Steve made sure to tell him so.) • 1939 Steve’s Ma was a believer in waiting until you had your own life sorted out before trying to complicate it with a soulmate. Steve thought she was missing the point. It was difficult for him to justify any reason not to look for his soulmate if only so he would no longer be Alone but… he simply didn’t see it as a complication. He wanted his partner. He wanted his James to do life with. He wanted him by his side so terribly that he sometimes ached for it in his bones. But she would not be swayed, and even after Steve could legally go after him on his own he respected his Ma far too much to blatantly disrespect her wishes like that.But his Ma died when he was nineteen years old, of the pneumonia Steve had always thought would take him first – and then he was truly Alone. It seemed only logical to spend the rest of the afternoon, after her small funeral, uptown at the International Bureau of Marks completing his paperwork. He submitted it with a rush of anxious excitement.The results came back two weeks later and quashed that excitement somewhat. Steve had been dreaming that his soulmate was already out there waiting for him, that his paperwork was already submitted and ready to be matched with Steve’s. That he would get the magnificent stamp of VM returned to him on his file and a letter about how to go about contacting his James. If not a Verified Match, then almost as good would be the Confirmed Match, telling him that his James was out there somewhere, waiting, but not yet ready to meet him. Steve would wait. He absolutely would.But instead, his file carried the stamp of two letters across the top that forced Steve onto the kitchen chair when his skinny legs gave up on him.
NR. No records.
Steve stared at the two letters for far too long, until the sun had dipped below the city’s skyline and the streetlamps had flickered to life. He fought back tears of disappointment as best he could, and tried to reassure himself that at least James was not a Terminated Match or a Ghost Match. He didn’t think he would have been able to cope if James were already dead or had filed to legally conceal himself from his soulmate.He was just… not here yet. Well, Steve would still be waiting for him.The NR letter was folded up and carefully added to Steve’s chest of precious items, waiting to be shown to James many years from now when he was grown-up, when they lov
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Magical Realism
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

