Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The best thing about being in New York, other than studying business management at school, was that Sarah Wilson got to be near her big brother, Sam. It was not easy, by any means, to be so far away from home, but getting to spend time with Sam, and his partner Steve, when she had time helped Sarah feel connected and less homesick. Sam’s friends were great, too. Misty and Claire really took her under their wings.She was in her final year of college and still trying to figure some things out. She was astute and curious, but somehow always played things safe. Sarah was really coming into her own as a young woman out in the world. She hoped that she could one day be as happy and successful as her brother Sam. He had things figured out. A job. A fiancé. A nice place to live in. He was as giving and caring as ever. She really looked up to him.“Sam?” Sarah called out from the dining area of his and Steve’s condo. “How many people are coming tonight?”After a moment, Sam was standing there trying to count dinner guests on his fingers.“So, there’s Misty and Colleen; Natasha and Bruce; Rhodey’s gonna try to swing by. Claire’s not gonna make it. Bucky’s coming, too. Steve?”“Yeah, babe?” Steve answered from the kitchen.“Is Bucky bringing a plus one?”“He said so,” Steve replied. “Set a place for someone, but you know how things are with Buck. He might not even still be with the same girl.”Sam raised an eyebrow and did a little shrug.“Just set for whatever and we’ll work it out when they get here, Sar-Bear,” Sam said.“Okay, Sammich,” she replied.…..“Should we get started?” asked Steve, mindful that most of his and Sam’s dinner party guests had shown up on time.“How far away is he?” asked Sam. “We can wait if it’s fifteen minutes or so. He’s your best friend. He should be here for your birthday dinner.”Steve nodded his head, just as the doorbell rang.“That better be him,” said Steve as he stood up from where he was seated at the table. “Excuse me, everyone.”Steve opened to the door to find an apologetic looking Bucky standing there.“Sorry we’re late, punk.”Steve smiled, his annoyance falling away as he and Bucky hugged.“We were gonna start without you, jerk,” Steve replied.A young woman stood patiently behind Bucky, looking a little shy.“Oh, Steve this is Layla. Layla, this is the birthday boy.”They greeted one another and Steve invited them in, leading the way to the dining area.“Finally,” said Sam as he and Bucky shook hands. “Thought we were gonna starve if we had to wait any longer.”“Well I’m here now,” Bucky said with a laugh and took his seat; his date sat beside him.“Right, so we’re all here,” Steve said, sitting at the head of the table and taking hold of Sam’s hand. “Has everyone met before? Buck you know everyone, right?”Bucky looked around after fixing his napkin in place and he froze when he saw the young woman sitting directly across from him.“I’ll just go around the table and say everyone’s name. So, there’s Nat; Bruce; Misty and Colleen; my Sam; and Sam’s sister Sarah. Everyone this is Bucky and Layla.”Bucky drew his gaze away from Sarah and flashed a smile at everyone at the table. Sarah looked at the art that hung on the wall avoiding Bucky’s intense stare.….. The soft music and laughter filled the room as Sam, Steve, and their guests sat around on the sofas and cushions, sipping from their drinks and telling stories. Bucky was animatedly recounting misadventures from his and Steve’s youth in Brooklyn.“Now, don’t let all of this fool you,” said Bucky as he gestured to Steve’s physique. “This asshole was a skinny little fucker when we were kids. But boy did he have a mouth on him. Always gettin’ into it with other neighborhood kids. Never backed down from a fight.”“I don’t like bullies,” Steve said as he and Bucky shared a smile. “And neither did you, Buck, because you were always there savin’ my ass.”“Got my first black eye ‘cause o’ this asshole,” Bucky said as he hugged Steve around the shoulders. “And probably my first hickey, too, come to think of it.”“Yeah well, Buck, the girls were always impressed with you and your heroics,” Steve offered, as Bucky smiled widely and stole glances at Sarah.…..Sarah stood in the bathroom and splashed some water on her face. She toweled her skin dry and then looked at herself in the mirror. The yellow sundress she was wearing looked striking against her skin. Her hair was pulled up in a high ponytail. She looked nice, but was feeling a little flustered despite the summer evening not being particularly warm. She just needed a moment away from the gathering, away from the steely gaze of her soon-to-be-brother-in-law’s best friend.There was a gentle rapping on the door that brought Sarah out of her reverie.“Just a minute,” she called out, before smoothing down her dress.She turned and then unlocked the door, opened it, and was startled to see Steve’s friend standing there, blocking her way.“Hi,” said Bucky, not moving.“Hi,” Sarah replied, kind 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sarah Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - College/University
Secret Relationship
Fuckboy Bucky
Overprotective Brother Sam

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sarah Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

