Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Thor had always known he would be king. He was the firstborn son of the Allfather and his queen, but he was also the only son; just after his birth, Queen Frigga had contracted a terrible illness, and though she’d managed to recover, its effects had left her unable to bear any more children.
And so, just as he knew he would one day take the throne, he would also one day have to marry politically. He was the Asgardian royal family’s only bartering piece. It would be his duty to his kingdom to secure an alliance in such a manner, and after centuries of brazenly seducing the maidens of court, he had at last become reconciled to the fact that his future did not lie in their beds.
However, he did not expect for his future consort to be decided upon in the manner it was.
It was at the close of a fierce and dragging war with the most hated realm in Yggdrasil. The Aesir had been attempting to keep the Frost Giants of Jotunheim in check since before Thor was born, but eventually the Jotuns had grown too bold. But now, in large part thanks to Thor’s prowess on the battlefield, they were spent and withering in their homeland.
And now, King Laufey was suing for peace. And Odin was hearing him in private. Other warriors called this a cowardly appeal by the Jotun King, but Thor’s lessons of diplomacy told him otherwise. It was a brave and honorable move to offer surrender in the hopes of saving his subjects’ lives, knowing full well that his enemy could easily refuse and crush the remains of his race.
But then again, Laufey knew Odin to be no fool. If he responded in such a manner, the whispers of genocide would never be silenced whenever Asgard was mentioned in the other realms. With that, Odin’s hegemony he had painstakingly built over the millennia would begin to fracture. And if there was one thing Odin cared about above all else, it was his realm’s power as the center of the universe.
Yes, he would hear Laufey’s requests. And they would argue for days back and forth over the terms, but the war would be settled.
Thor just didn’t expect it to be settled in four hours.
Or that the question of his betrothal would be answered in that timespan as well.

xxx

The agreement stipulated that the marriage take place that same day. And it had not been Laufey who had commanded this, but Odin. He would not let Laufey renege on the bargain, and Laufey, wanting the war over before the day was out, had agreed to the terms.
His court arrived by the Bifrost within the hour. All his advisors and generals were there, among them his now-eldest son, Byleistr. The previous heir, Helblindi, had been killed in the last decisive battle by Thor himself, and the new Jotun heir apparent was taking more and more to his new position with each swaggered step down the Rainbow Bridge.
And at the front of the party, pushed forward by his brother, was Thor’s betrothed.
None had ever heard of Loki outside Jotunheim, and few spoke about him on his own planet. Now that Odin saw him with his own eye, Thor noticed his tense posture settle somewhat.
“I hope your other assurance about it is true,” he said to King Laufey.
“Yes,” said Laufey, his voice as gruff as a stone quarry. “It was born with both sex organs, fully capable of bearing children. And yet it insists it be called a he.”
Thor had read of such rare occurrences among the Jotun, which were usually accompanied by an Aesir-like stature and a full head of hair. But in that same book, Thor had also read of them being misshapen, ugly, and with a muted emotional affect.
Whereas Loki’s eyes were wide with the most fear Thor had ever before seen on any creature’s face.
Byleistr pushed him the last few steps toward the Allfather, making him stumble slightly. Even after he had regained his balance, his eyes stayed fixed at his feet.
Odin’s eye looked him up and down in appraisal. “First, it will have to look presentable to the Aesir. I won’t have my son seen marrying a blue-skinned monster.”
Before anyone else could react, his hand shot forward to harshly grip Loki’s chin. Loki cried out from the pain, but then he screamed. His skin started to shimmer and shift, until his dark blue flesh was replaced with a paler shade of that which the Aesir wore.
Odin still didn’t release him then. Instead, he forced Loki’s head up to look at him. When Loki’s eyes flew open, they were a pale green within a white sclera.
The Allfather raked his gaze over him again. “It will do,” he said at last. When he released Loki’s chin, he shoved him away as if burned.
Laufey’s face had shown no change in emotion throughout the display.  He turned to walk with Odin into the palace. His court followed him, Byleistr smirking at Loki as he passed his brother. The Asgardian nobles and council members followed with them.
Thor had been supposed to follow his father before the other Asgardians, but they hadn’t noticed he was still rooted to the spot, shocked by what he had just seen his father do. It?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Odin's A+ Parenting
Laufey's A+ Parenting
Consent Issues
Mutual Non-Con
Slow Build
Protective Thor
Loki and Thor Are Not Related
Good Loki
Thor Is Not Stupid
Thor With A Heart Of Gold
Angst
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

