Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Barnes,” he says conversationally, “Why am I in a dungeon?”There’s a grunt from behind him. “It’s a lab.”Given that he went to sleep in his own fucking bed and has woken up in his not fucking bed, Sam thinks the distinction is unwarranted.“I dunno if you remember your dungeon theory training, but we have no windows, a single overhead light, and stainless steel drains. Ergo, dungeon.”There’s another grunt and Sam cranes his neck past the chair he’s tied to. Barnes is laid out on some kind of table, except it doesn’t look like the kind of table anyone’s going to be dining on any time soon. Unless Barnes is the meal, maybe. He kind of looks like one, laid out flat with metal buckles over his shoulders and thighs and ankles.And wrists.And, fuck, neck.And, jesus, do they really need that much metal to keep him down?Bucky’s not struggling, but he’s the last out of anyone Sam knows to take things, ha. Lying down. Which means he already tried while Sam was still out. Probably a whole hell of a lot. And apparently that was the right amount of metal to keep him down. Vibranium, then. Black market, almost certainly. Because friends of Wakanda wouldn’t ever host the White Wolf like this.Bucky lifts his head as much as the metal strap around his neck allows. His face is the same familiar scowly mask as always, but Sam knows him well enough by now to see something off in his eyes. Something so damn unfamiliar there it takes Sam too long to realize.
Fear.
Bucky’s afraid. Shit. Shit shit shit. What the hell kind of mess could they possibly have stepped in to spook Mr. Robot?The wall in front of Sam cracks open to reveal a door through which a lady in a grey jacket and pencil-skirt walks. The door closes behind her without a sound. “Nice of you to join us, Mr. Wilson,” she says, and he flexes his hands against the rope around his wrists. “We were about to start without you.”Oh, that does not sound good. But he manages to plaster on his most charming smile. “I mean, I’m happy to take my partner and leave if you don’t need me.”The woman stops by Bucky’s side, runs her index finger down the length of his metal arm. Sam shudders; Bucky doesn’t. Can he feel that? “I never said we didn’t need you, Mr. Wilson. See, rumor has it that the Winter Soldier here has made a friend.”“That’s not his name,” Sam snaps, then curses himself for walking right into confirming her statement. Bucky, as ever, says nothing. Shows nothing. Sam envies it, but also hates it, hates how little it took to send happy smiling Bucky right back to the skulking ghost of an ex-assassin.“Well,” the woman says. She’s still stroking Bucky’s metal arm. “No matter. He’ll serve his purpose for us regardless of what he calls himself these days. And as for you? You’ll keep him tame, or neither of you will like what happens.”Bucky’s still doing the silent brooding act, so Sam asks, “Tame for what?”“For science, Mr. Wilson. For science.”She nods up at a security camera mounted over the table, and the door opens again. Four goons stroll in with wheeled carts--and sure, they’re in lab coats and latex gloves, but they’re damn well goons. Two of them spin his chair so he’s facing Bucky dead-on. His eyes are drawn to the contents of the carts: tools and equipment big and small, some he recognizes (the scalpels are kind of hard to mistake) and a whole lot he doesn’t. Either way, he instantly knows what--who--it’s for, and that makes it impossible to keep looking at. So he looks at Bucky instead. Bucky’s staring resolutely at the ceiling, jaw locked. How he’s resisted eying the carts too, Sam doesn’t know. Maybe it doesn’t even matter. Whatever’s there, it’s bad, and he’s willing to bet Bucky knows that better than, well. Pretty much anyone.Which is why he’s shocked when they finally start, because despite the woman’s claims of “science,” he was expecting...torture. Physical violence, at least. Kicks to the ribs and poison in the veins, maybe. But instead they rummage through the trays of medical equipment and then just… test him. Start simple, using a scissor to cut his clothes off. Bucky reacts so little he might as well be unconscious, and Sam can’t help but wonder if Hydra had… if Bucky was just… used to being stripped naked in front of strangers. Those strangers use their new access to draw vial after vial after vial of blood. Cups of it. Pints, probably. Just like they’d done to Issiah, he thinks. 
They’re trying to recreate the serum.
But that’s not enough for them. They clearly want to test the serum’s limits, too, or maybe figure out why it worked so well on Bucky, just like his own damn government had done with Issiah.And ah, yes, here comes the torture. They use the scalpels first, draw big lines down the outside of Bucky’s thighs and time how long they take to clot while blood pools and drips over the edge of the table. Bucky stares flatly up at the ceiling through it all; the only indication that he even notices what’s going on is the wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Medical Procedures
Medical Trauma
Medical Experimentation
Medical Torture
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Whump
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
HYDRA Trash Party
Post-Canon
Canon Compliant
Kidnapping
For Science!
Fluff
Humor
Sexual Assault
Interrogation
Torture Fluff
Hurt Sam Wilson
Torture
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Painful Sex
Gangbang
Forced Cunnilingus
Skull Fucking
Oxygen Deprivation
Dehydration
Spooning
Gunshot Wounds
Forced Kissing
Platonic Cuddling
Sharing Body Heat
There Was Only One Tree
Frostbite
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

