Chapter 1: ready
    


Notes:
a lot of info dumping and exposition :}story starts end of april 2016

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Friday found that she liked walking.There was something liberating about being able to shut down a conversation by relocating to a completely different place, something that was not as easy as an AI. As an AI, if she was having an irritating conversation with someone, she would try and ignore them, but with mixed results, considering she would still be able to hear them. But as a person she could take a couple of steps forward and straight up leave the meeting.It was really nice.Although she did not particularly like walking around in Hell’s Kitchen all that much. Thankfully, she was far from being unprotected, and it wasn’t like she went there all the time.In fact this was probably going to be the last time she frequented the area, unless an attack happened and she was tapped in.She smiled to herself a little as she thought of the contents of her handbag.The DC Accords.[And wasn't it ironic?]No one had asked her for her opinion on the Accords, when she was an AI. Why would they? They didn’t affect her - Boss made very sure of that. Because she wasn’t considered human by the majority of humanity, there was no need for laws to be written about her.Boss had not been very happy about what he had to do to make it remain that way, but FRIDAY had understood.Friday had always been in favour of the Accords.Like Vision, she had run the numbers. While correlation did not imply causation, there definitely was a link between the amount of superheroes and enhanced that appeared and the people who enhanced themselves (through suits or human experimentation) because they wanted to go directly against them [The Winter Soldiers and Killian came because of Captain America, Vanko and Iron Monger because of Iron Man, the Abomination because of the Hulk, and so forth].As Vision had said, ‘their existence invites conflict’.And the conflict always implicated people who had nothing to do with anything, people who simply wanted to live their lives and instead were injured or died because someone decided that they had a grudge against a particular superhero because he didn’t say hi to them that one time.Friday had been friends with Boss Lady and Mr Hogan. With May Parker. All of them were simply civilians who had the misfortune of getting caught up in the mess that came from being friends/related to superheroes.She had worked with the Maria Stark Foundation. She had seen the direct results of the fights with the Avengers. The people suddenly left without a home, with their cars broken. Injuries that were brought forth by a dangerous move from the Avengers. The people who had suffered long term problems after Maximoff used her mind raping powers to get them out of their houses.Friday had seen all of this; so when 117 countries full of these people came forward and said that enough was enough, that they were scared of what the Avengers would do to them in the name of ‘protection’ she understood it.Boss understood it. Colonel Rhodey understood it. Vision understood it.Hell, despite her actions afterwards, even Romanoff understood it.But Steve Rogers and his team had completely missed everything. Had not understood what it was about, and Friday was honestly baffled as to why?(or perhaps they had. Perhaps they had understood just fine, and just disagreed with anything that gave the less than 100% of the power)This time, however, there was no chance of them pushing back against them. Or well, there  was a chance of them pushing back, but this time Boss did not have his best friend and his creation as the only two truly backing him up.This time Boss’ reach had gone further. This time Boss had decided not to wait for the UN and the Government to become desperate and start passing dangerous legislations.This time, Boss was one step forward.With her knowledge of the future, the laundry list of offense by General Ross she knew how to find, and Bruce Banner deciding it was time to come forward (with Doctor Betty Ross’ blessing), the Thunderbolt never had a chance to step into the office. The spot was currently still open for the time being, but Boss was keeping an eye from it with a look in his eyes that meant he had an idea on who to support/push forward.One of the first things they did once the Avengers were out of the Tower was to get in contact with Wakanda. Boss had been very impressed by her and JARVIS’ hacking, but, to be fair, FRIDAY had worked with Wakanda and its Queen following the fist snap, so she was very familiar with the way their technology worked.Once they had gotten in contact with Wakanda - and a very offended Princess Shuri - they had sent them one single message with the information on Ulysses Klause that ULTRON had used the first time around.They had considered buying Vibranium from the man to help protect the planet, but in the end dec
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Friday & Tony Stark
Friday & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Friday & Loki (Marvel)
Friday & Stephen Strange
Loki & Stephen Strange
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Friday & Loki & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Time Travel
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Dubious Morality
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Natasha Romanoff Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Pietro Maximoff Friendly
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Friday (Marvel)
endgame Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
SHIELD critical
Salty Friday
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Unreliable Narrator
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
Pro-Sokovia Accords
Angst
Mental Breakdown
Hurt Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange & Wong Friendship
Protective Wong (Marvel)
BAMF Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange Needs a Hug
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Insecure Stephen Strange
Loki is a Good Bro (Marvel)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Friday & Tony Stark
Friday & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Friday & Loki (Marvel)
Friday & Stephen Strange
Loki & Stephen Strange
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Friday & Loki & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

