Chapter 1: An Introduction to the protagonist
    




Chapter Text
Peter couldn’t breathe. Well no. He took that back. Technically he could breathe, he just couldn’t breathe very well. Half of the reason was pure adrenaline, the other half a side effect of fighting for his life in an abandoned warehouse. Oh, also there was a lot of dust, no one vacuums in old run-down warehouses anymore apparently. Shocker.What was supposed to be a simple drug-bust had turned into an hour-long face-off between Spider-man and a large gang of mutants with a desire to see Peter turned into a spider pancake. Which, if you asked him, was quite rude. Then again, criminals weren’t exactly known for their impeccable manners.“Jeez guys, if you wanted to work out you could have just let me know,” Peter said, using his webs to yank a baseball bat out of one of the guy’s giant fist before it made contact with his head.The fighting had been non-stop and he was running on fumes at this point, sweat dripping in his eyes, and lungs too busy choking on dust to successfully pull in all the oxygen he needed. He dodged another punch, ducking behind the guy he was fighting and landing a solid punch to the man’s head. Thankfully, even mutants could get knocked out and the dude dropped like a sack of bricks, landing with a resounding thunk. He let out a little exhale of relief, it had felt like the guy would never drop.He elbowed the man trying to sneak up behind him without looking, yanking the knife out of his hand and throwing out a nearby window. “Uh-uh, no sharp things for convicted felons,” he scolded, turning around to see who he was fighting now.The weasel looking mutant (maybe his name was ferret-man) let out a snarl, pulling yet another knife out of his waistband. This was like the seventh knife the man had pulled out, and Peter was at a loss as to where he was hiding them all. Ferret-man brought it up in front of him, advancing in a position that was laughably awkward. He obviously didn’t know how to use the weapon, and it was quite entertaining.Peter scoffed, “How many of those do you have dude?” He yanked that one out of the guy’s hand too, this time swinging it back at him so it forced the dude to jump backward away from Peter.The man reached into his left boot, pulling out yet another knife. Peter was genuinely impressed at this point, he didn’t think it was possible to fit that many knives on your person. He would have stopped to ask him how he was doing it, but the look on the man’s face was leaning more towards murderous rage than casual conversation.“This is getting really annoying man, impressive, but annoying.” He slid under the knife, flipping back onto his feet to narrowly avoid a downwards slice. He swept his leg out, knocking the guy onto his back before landing a right hook to his cheek to knock him out. Peter made a face as he looked down at the man’s collapsed body.“That amount of aggression is probably very unhealthy man, I have a therapy appointment on Thursday. If you want, I could have penciled you in - Woah!”His Spidey-sense went off and he jumped up, narrowly missing the giant chain mutant number 2 was swinging around like a large metal lasso. A metal lasso that could turn his bones into separate pieces if he wasn’t careful. He reached out as it came back around and grabbed the chain with his hand, arms shuddering with the impact of it. The man obviously wasn’t expecting Peter to have that type of strength and gave practically no resistance when it was ripped out of his hands.Peter took one look at the makeshift weapon before tossing it out the window to land in the fast-growing weapon pile that was accumulating there. I should start selling these stupid things he thought. Pivoting to the side as the irate man came to his senses and charged him like a bull, he stuck out a foot and snickered as the man went sprawling.Scrambling up the nearest wall, he looked around, trying to figure out how to get out of here without, you know, dying a painful death. There were still 5 guys left, and he wasn’t sure he had the stamina to take on 5 people with special abilities. He took a second to catch his breath, thankful that the bite had gotten rid of his asthma too, as that would have been a very big problem right now.He was just about to forget this whole stupid fight and run for his life when his eye caught on a large rope coiled on the wall across from him. He grinned as his mind started to turn, a half-baked idea coming to mind that was probably incredibly stupid but honestly too fun to pass up.Pushing off the wall and twisting in midair, he shot two webs, one at the rafter and one at the rope. Yanking the rope towards him, he flipped onto the rafters trying his best not to drop the giant coil. He never knew rope could be this heavy, this thing felt like a hundred pounds. He stood up and turned the rope around in his hands, trying to find where the end was so he could unravel it.“Where is it, where is it” he muttered, rota
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Child Abuse
Physical Abuse
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Abusive Relationships
Abused Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Abusive Ben Parker

fandom: 
None
