Chapter 1: The World Begins Again
    


Notes:
Hello all!Well, it's my first dive into the MCU, and it's a deep one. I started this journey last summer when I just wanted to find out if anyone had written a fluffy Karate Kid retelling about Tony Stark and Peter Parker. They hadn't that I could quickly find, and it started to unfold in my head. And then Covid and everything surrounding that got worse and I figured, "Hey, if I can't fix OUR timeline, I might as well fix the MCU!" And so, here we are.This is a COMPLETE retelling of the MCU picking up after the end of Iron Man 3. Everything before that point happened as it is seen in the movies; everything afterwards is fair game. I'm changing lots of things in lots of ways, some because of the domino effect, some to make them work better or make sense in real world terms (I'm looking at you, UN Accords). By the time I'm finished, I'll have carried the story all the way past Endgame. With a very different end in mind.This story is done and is the first of (probably) four in the series. I'll be putting up one chapter a week on Mondays. If you've followed me from other fandoms, you know that's how I roll. I actually have the first three stories in the series done, 68 chapters of content ready to go, and that's only through the end of Spider-Man: Homecoming. The rest is currently in progress still. So settle in for the long haul.Two more notes for tonight –First, each chapter's title is derived from a specific song. I'll give those in my notes each week. Today's is "Better Days" by the Goo Goo Dolls.Second, the titles for the stories and the quotes in the description are all from Jorge Luis Borges' short story "The Garden of Forking Paths." You don't need to read it or be familiar with it for anything to do with this story, but it's a strong parallel to the themes of choice and chance and inevitability that crop up throughout the MCU. This series is, effectively, one forking path of all that might have been.Thanks in advance for taking this journey with me!Enjoy!




Chapter Text
The worst week of Peter Parker's life came in December of 2012. Aunt May had told him to ignore what people said about ancient Mayan prophecies and the end of the world, that it was just superstition, that nothing bad would happen no matter what those long ago people had proclaimed.And then in the week before Christmas, both of Peter's heroes died.First was Tony Stark. It had happened live on television while May was in the kitchen cooking and Ben was not yet home from work. Peter's habit had been to build Legos before dinner for the last year, and he always did so watching TV and chattering along to the commercials. But his show was interrupted by "breaking news.""Aunt May! Aunt May, look!" he'd shouted from the living room.May wiped her hands on a towel and entered the room in time to see a second missile fired from a helicopter into a house perched on cliffs above a blue sea. For a moment, she wondered what movie Peter was watching — then she saw the news headline along the bottom."Tony Stark Issues Challenge to the Mandarin.""Aunt May, that's Mister Stark's house!" Peter cried, Legos forgotten before him.May ran to him and reached for the remote to turn the TV off, but Peter pulled it away. His brown eyes met hers and, amidst the big tears threatening to fall, May saw a spark of stubbornness and something older and wiser."We have to watch him!" he declared. "He always fights better when we're watching him!"May shook her head as the house on the screen began to crack and fall. "Honey…"Peter turned back to the image as the destruction rained into the ocean."He'll fly out and fight them. You'll see!"And they watched. They watched the house fall. They watched the helicopter that shot the missiles veer away, chased by other aircraft, while the announcer babbled in the background. They were still watching when Ben came in, having heard of the attack on the radio, and he simply knelt and drew Peter into his arms, even though Peter didn't look away from the TV. They watched until the cameras finally cut away to people in suits in a news studio.No one saw Iron Man emerge from the wreckage.Two days later, all the news could talk about was Pepper Potts taking a temporary leave of absence from SI, and the fact that no one had seen nor heard from Tony Stark since the attack, in spite of significant rescue and retrieval operations. Peter got into a shouting match with Flash Thompson at school that earned him a call home from his teacher."He said Iron Man was dead, Uncle Ben," Peter sniffled against his shoulder. "But he can't be!"Two more days passed. The news had nothing to report, except that the official comment from Stark Industries was "no comment" and no one could seem to reach Pepper Potts. A clip of Steve Rogers taken the day after the attack made it into every broadcast when he was asked if he had heard from Iron Man at all."I don't have anything to tell you," he said, eyes sad as he looke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Avengers Family
Eventual Iron Dad & Spider-Son
Fluff and Angst
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Non-MCU Compliant After Iron Man 3

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

