Chapter 1: The letter
    




Chapter Text
Steve was in Afghanistan when he received the letter. His seventh tour.Every time he comes home he says it will be the last and then he reenlists for a couple more years. What's there for him at home? His parents are both dead. He never took the time to marry. Or learn a job. He's thirty-five with no prospect, little savings and not even a sliver of hope for a brighter future. He might as well stay where he is.And then, there is the letter.It's plain, looking official, some fancy attorney practice apparently. It was discarded on his bed, the mention 'urgent' stamped in red letters on the envelope. Steve picks it up, stares at it dubiously. For a minute or so, he keeps staring at it silently, doing no motion to try and open it. He doesn't recognize the name. And then something clenches inside him. He throws the letter back on his bed like a bad omen and sits down, legs spread and elbows propped on his knees. He drops his head in his hands and snorts, wipes his face and rubs his eyes. Then he picks up the envelope again, shreds the paper away like it was burning his fingers and unfolds the letter, having the deep feeling that this will be foreboding. His heart is racing when he skims through the letter. Then, he feels cramps in his stomach and a lump growing in his throat. His hands are shivering and the paper quivers in his fingers. He squeezes it, forcing his hand still.He learns two things in this letter.Bucky, his childhood friend, his best friend, the other pea in his pod, is dead. Dead. He died four months ago, at the age of thirty-six.And Bucky decided, all on his own and without a warning, to put him in his will. Steve is going to inherit his property. Some of it, anyway.He reads the letter again. And again. And a third time just to be sure, before he drops it on the floor of their barrack. The tears rise to his eyelids and start prickling at the corners of his eyes.It's not the first time someone close to Steve dies. He lost his father before he was old enough to remember him and his mother before he reached twenty. He has seen his men die, right before eyes. Boys that were drinking and playing darts with him the night before. Dead, their head blown up, the blood splattered across his face, in his mouth. He even had fragments of brain on his uniform.Yeah, Steve is used to death. He's seeing it everyday.This time it strikes hard and deep, though, with resonance. With Bucky, it is part of him that went away. Bucky was his brother. They were neighbors, their mothers best friends, their fathers both died at war, fighting for their country. They went to school together, enlisted together, fought together. Until Bucky lost an arm and was forgotten by the army.It is true that life separated them. That their snail mails have been rarer, their phone calls even more. Maybe the last time Steve saw Bucky was more than a year ago. Maybe they shared a few pints and played a few rounds of pool, exchanged a few jokes and shared nothing meaningful because they are both discreet people. Maybe Steve had noticed the strained expression on his face and the forced smile on his lips but he said nothing because he didn't feel like they were on that page then. They had stopped sharing anything personal about their lives for years.Bucky seemed to do well enough for himself, tough. He had paid their tabs, all of them, Clint's and Nat's too. And he looked healthy. He looked like he was finally coming around. Why did he die at thirty-six?Why is Steve learning about this only four months later, from an attorney?Winnie was like a second mother to him. He spent more evenings at hers as a kid than in his own house. Becca was like a sister. He and Buck used to play tricks on her and she would throw fits and run after them in the whole house, hurling her dolls at them. She was his first kiss, too.He is suddenly overwhelmed and submerged with memories of his childhood, when life still had a meaning to him. He collapses on his bed and sinks into his pillows. His head seems to weigh the weight of an anvil and he sinks and sinks and sinks, unable to move anymore. This tears are running along his temples and wet the thick fabric of his pillowcase. His breathing jerks and accelerates. He tries to take deep long breath to calm himself down.He needs a purpose.There is the mention 'urgent' in that letter. Steve's presence is required, urgently.At the end of his mission he asks for a two months leave and flies back home, to New York.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Past Abuse
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Implied/Referenced Suicide
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
War Veteran Steve Rogers
All characters are sketchy
Abusive Relationships
Steve doesn't know how to deal with that
so he's abusive too
Past Forced Prostitution
omegas are property
Like cattle
Tony is older
Miscommunication
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Omegas are Gifts
It takes Steve time to realize it
Slow Burn
Dubious Consent
Inspired by Fanfiction
I'm Bad At Tagging
So bad
Also...
Angst?
Tony is (mostly) mute
He'll get better
getting better
Fanart
Dom/sub Undertones
because of the social context
Eventual Happy Ending
Derogatory Language

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

