Chapter 1: peter luck
    




Chapter Text
Peter was at acadec practice and he couldn’t wait to get out of there. It was Friday and they were all tired. It was almost time for the bell to go and no one was really putting effort into it. Just before the bell went, Mr Harrington said he had an exciting announcement to make. “Okay team listen up, i know you all want to go home but i have a very special announcement to make. As a prize for winning at the last meet we have won a tour of Stark Industries at the Stark Tower!” It was deadly silent for a moment before everyone cheered, well everyone besides Peter and MJ. That girl really doesn’t show emotion. Peter really just wants to bash his head against the table. “Okay, calm down everyone so that i can tell you more.” Mr Harrington said, trying to calm the excited teens. “You can get the permission slips and NDA’s at my desk when the bell goes and I will need them back by next Wednesday because the trip will be next Friday!” When he finished talking the bell went and all the teens rushed to his desk to get the papers. Peter, MJ and Ned took their time gathering their stuff and made their way towards the desk.“Oh my god, i’m so excited for this trip! Do you think we will see Tony Stark? Or maybe Captain America? Or Black Widow?” Ned gushed as they walked through the halls to the front of the school. “Ned, you’ve met everyone. multiple times.” Peter said to his best friend.
“i’m only interested in meeting Pepper Potts and the other Avengers ladies.” remarked MJ as they walked outside. Peter saw Happy’s car standing in the kiss and ride line. “bye guys, i’ll see you monday!”“Hi Happy!” Peter said enthusiastically. “Hi kid” Happy grumbled. On Friday after school Peter always gets picked up by Happy because he spends his weekends at the tower, he also goes to the tower on Wednesdays but then he takes the metro to get there. Peter was excitedly telling Happy about his school day and texted Harley for a bit. He missed his boyfriend a lot but he’s coming to visit for two weeks next Sunday.“I’m going on a field trip next Friday” he told Happy apprehensively. Happy picked up on the tone Peter used. “Do you know where you are going?” Happy asked the kid. Peter groaned and quietly mumbled “to the Stark Tower…” “Sorry kid, I didn’t hear what you said. you gotta speak louder.” Happy said with a smirk, he definitely heard him. “to the Stark Tower!” Peter said louder. Happy chuckled as he pulled into the private garage of the tower. “good luck with that kid.” Peter groaned and thanked him for the ride.As Peter walked into the private elevator of the tower he heard an irish voice. “Hi Peter, welcome home. Mr Stark is in his lab, would you like me to take you to him?” “No thank you FRIDAY, just take me to the living room please.” Peter asked FRIDAY, she is the AI that Mr Stark built and installed in the tower. “Okay Peter.” she replied.
Peter did his homework, tinkered with some stuff that was in his room and texted Harley until it was time for dinner with his family. He planned to not tell them about the trip and just let May sign the permission slip. When it was time for dinner he walked into the dining room and saw that everyone was there for the monthly Avengers dinner. Since some Avengers had duties up in space or other things to do and couldn’t have dinner or visit that often they appointed the last Friday of each month ‘the avengers dinner’. “Привет, сын паука” Nat greeted Peter and ruffled his hair. “Привет, мама-паук” Peter said back as he sat down between Nat and Morgan. “Hello Maguna” Peter said as he kissed her on the cheek. Morgan giggled and greeted her brother back. Dinner was chaotic as always, everyone was talking with each other and talking about their day. “So Petey, got anything important to tell us?” Natasha said and got everyone's attention. Everyone looked confused but intrigued. Peter's cheeks flushed “no, nothing important aunty Nat.” Natasha smirked and lifted her hand above the table, she was holding a piece of pink paper. When Peter spotted what she had in her hand he wanted to sink through the floor. “So a field trip to, say, the Stark Tower with your acadec team is not important to you?” she said with a smirk.Everyone was silent while watching the interaction between the two spiders. When Nat finished talking there was a beat of silence before Sam and Clint broke out in laughter. Thor and Loki looked confused, Tony looked shocked but amused and the rest just chuckled and continued eating. “Why didn’t you tell me kid!” Tony exclaimed. “Well I was going to tell you guys but… I forgot?” Peter lied. “Oh no you weren’t going to tell us kid. You’re a terrible liar, you know that right?” Tony accused while laughing. Peter flushed and stuffed his face with food so that he wouldn’t have to talk. Morgan looked at Peter and giggled because her brother looked like a hamster with his cheeks full of food. “Well kid, let me sign it and i’ll hopefully get to meet t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Shuri
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Iron Dad
spider son
Avengers Tower
Domestic Avengers
Protective Avengers
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Stark Industries
Gay Harley Keener
Bisexual Peter Parker
BAMF Natasha Romanov
BAMF Wanda Maximoff
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Peter is a Little Shit
Peter and Harley are too cute
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Sassy Peter Parker
midtown high acadec team
AcaDec Team - Freeform
SI internship
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Shuri
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

