Chapter 1: When Harry Met Deadpool
    




Chapter Text
“Chestnuts roasting on an open fire…Jack Frost nipping at your junk—”
{Pretty sure that’s not how that song goes}
“Yuletide carols butchered by a drunk and folks dressed up as fuck-knows-what…”
[It’s like he’s trying to get it wrong]
“Moi? Bastardize a beloved Christmas jingle? How dare you,” the red-and-black clad mercenary admonished loudly as he squinted, readjusting the M21 rifle for a better vantage point of the apartment building.
{Isn’t it a little late for Christmas songs?}

[Or really, really early?]
“Isn’t it really, really early for you to be a little bitch?” he asked sweetly, continuing to hum the tune.
[Someone’s a little touchy]

{It’s the holiday season. This time of year he’s…sensitive}
“Excuse you, I’m all steel baby, have you seen these abs? Ain’t nothin’ about me sensitive!”
{Classic deflection}

[Borderline narcissism]

{With just a touch of delusion}
“Just a touch of love—a little bit,” the masked man known as Deadpool (Wade Winston Wilson if you’re nasty—his words) sang as he slowly nudged the scope around, looking through the windows of each apartment.“Well hell-o there,” he jeered at the sight of a buxom woman standing in front of her refrigerator, pouring herself a glass of lemonade.“What fine…jugs you have,” he smirked, wiggling his eyebrows at the large glassware she held.
{4/10}

[Weak. Could do better.]
“There’s just no pleasin’ some people,” Deadpool sighed as he moved onto another window, a gaggle of children chasing each other around a living room, now visible.“Ha ha ‘gaggle.’ Who talks like that?”
{The writer’s European}
“Well, we can’t all be perfect.”A shrill laugh broke through the late evening air, floating out the crack in the open window as the children continued to play, their rather haggard-looking father clearly distressed as they ran under his feet.
{Pretty sure we’re not here to kill some kids}

[To their dad's dismay]
“Give 'em hell, kiddies…” Deadpool smirked before tilting the rifle to the left, another apartment coming into view.
[Does nobody close their drapes anymore?]
A response was on the tip of the mercenary’s tongue, but before he could open his mouth, a tall, thin, brunet man in his twenties walked through the front door, shirking off his coat and scarf and pushing his black-rimmed glasses up his nose, raking a hand through his messy mop of hair.
{Cute}

[10/10. Would totally bang.]
Deadpool tilted his head, his narrowed eyes drinking in the younger man as he moved about his home, opening a laptop and settling at the kitchen table, rubbing the back of his long, pale, very attractive neck.“So we’re going with Andrew Garfield Spidey instead of Tobey Maguire Spidey, huh? Good to know…”
[Shh! You’re not meant to know that it’s Spidey yet!]

{Have you heard of story narrative?!}

[He’ll probably forget in a minute anyway]
“Forget what?”
[See?]
Wade shook his head, one of his many futile attempts to silence the boxes as he continued to watch the young man. It was clear from his current posture that he was used to being hunched over for long periods of time, and yet his slim but firm form suggested that he had at least some degree of athleticism. The mercenary couldn’t tear his eyes away as the brunet typed away at his keyboard, engrossed in whatever he was composing, the glare from the screen reflecting in his glasses.“What an adorable nerd,” Wade mused with a smirk as the bespectacled beaut suddenly let out a happy shout, his fist shooting up and pumping the air in excitement.
{Pretty sure we’re not meant to kill him either}
“You’re pretty sure about a lot of things, aren’t ya?” the merc groused, forcing himself to move away from the cutie’s apartment and instead focus on the one right next door.It wouldn’t be long now…   

~*~
Peter Benjamin Parker was having one hell of a day. And not the good kind. Whoever said that with hard work comes great rewards, clearly had never been a grad student.He frowned at himself when that thought flittered into his tired brain as he climbed the stairs of his apartment building. It wasn’t like him to be so negative, but these last few months were really testing him.When he accepted a research position at Stark Industries six months ago, Peter had been stoked. It had been his dream for as long as he could remember to work side by side with none other than Tony Stark – genius, billionaire, former playboy and philanthropist, but now, along with balancing his lab research, grad school, his old part-time photography gig at The Daily Bugle, and his responsibilities as your friendly neighbourhood Spider Man, he was beginning to feel the strain.It was days like these when he missed living with his Aunt May. She always had a way of making him feel better, no matter what he was up against. Moving out of his home in Queens and down town to his small, dingy apartment alone had been difficult, but necessary. Stark did offer him a place at Avengers Tower (he was one of them after all
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Slow Build
Friends to Lovers
college!age peter
slightly!older wade
References galore
wade is hired to kill the guy who's trying to kill peter
Peter is Not Impressed
but has to keep his cover
Frottage
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
Spideypool - Freeform
Canon-Typical Violence
Hurt/Comfort
Self-Esteem Issues
Angst and Humor
Pining
some pre-Matt/Foggy in later chapters
depictions of graphic character death
depictions of human experimentation
discussion of trauma
PTSD
depictions of physical and psychological torture
Hypnotism
Mind Control

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

