Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There was a list of things Tony could think of that lead to this point but he also had absolutely no idea how he was exactly led here.On Steve’s lap. With his legs spread.Over the arms of the chair.Naked as the day he was born.With his cunt displayed in front of all the avengers.Because apparently a spell made to make all men horn was better when one of those men was also cursed with a cunt.The next time he sees Loki the god of mischief is a dead man.“Please. Please fuck. Please Steve jus- jus-” Tony moaned pitifully as he was slowly fingered by Steve while all the other avengers watched hungrily.“Please what Tony? Use your words. Or are you too much of a slut to even think straight,” Steve chuckled, taking his finger out and slowly rubbing Tony's clit. “What do you want?”“Just fuck me.”“Gladly. Clint how about you go first.”Wasting no time Clint sped over to where Steve and Tony were, gave his cock a couple of strokes, then filled Tony in one go.“Fuck he’s tight.”“Not for long,” Tony heard someone say but he didn’t care enough who, he just needed Clint to mo-“FUCK. Thank you. Thank you. Than- mmfuck,” Tony moaned out as Clint began a fast but not brutal pace. “Hmm th-thank you.”“Shut up slut, Bruce come give his mouth something to do.” Steve ordered and before he knew Tony was being taking from both ends by two of the members of his team.“You know,” Steve whispered in Tony’s ear as he slowly rubbed Tony’s newly formed clit, “I think you’re secretly happy about this turn of event. Slut like you must be happy to be able to experience sex in a whole new way since we all know you’ve probably maxed out the ways you could fuck with your dick. Tell me Tony, are you close? Close to cumming with my dick in your ass, Clint’s in your cunt, and Bruce’s in your mouth? Hm?” Steve smirked knowing Tony couldn’t actually respond with anything other than broken moans.Clint looked down to see the tears in Tony eyes which did nothing but spur him on. No fucking with abandoned. “Keep talking cap. The little slut likes it so much my cock is in an iron grip”“And his moans around my cock ar- fuck hm” Bruce moaned holding the back of Tony’s head as he fucked into it.“He’s pretty much a little toy now. Not even a person. Isn’t that right toy,” Steve said slapping Tony’s clit sending him into a mind blowing orgasm.“Hngggggg ng ng ng uhnnn”“FUCK” Clint shouted thrusting in one final time, emptying his load in Tony’s hole“Shiiiiiit” Bruce yelled, filling Tony up, as if his orgasm triggered a ripple effect then pulling out.“To- too much Steve please ba-baby pleaseee” Tony moaned as Steve kept rubbing his clit, moving slightly to remind Tony that he was still in his ass and not the one in charge.“It’s not too much until I say it is,” he said slapping Tony’s clit again as Clint pulled out. “And it is not” *slap* “too” *slap* “much” Steve told him before sending one final slap to Tony clit that had him cumming again.“SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT FUCKKKKKKK,” Tony screamed as his juices squirted over Steve’s hand onto the floor.Tony tried to close his legs, but steve held them open, “Get in here Buck.”“St-Steve please just giv- FUCK” Tony yelled as he felt Bucky’s tongue spear him open. Sucking on his clit and entering him with 2 fingers Bucky ate him out like he was still in the great depression.“Bu-Buckkkkk hmmmmm oh fuck” Tony moaned beginning to hump Bucky’s face.“Guess you can take some more huh. Filthy slut of course you can,” Steve said, wrapping his hand around his throat and applying light pressure. Bucky added a third fingering enjoying feeling Tony’s thighs begin to shake letting him know he was on the verge of another orgasm. That did nothing but motivate bucky to begin fingering him faster and sucking his clit harder.“MMMMM hn hn hn hn hn,” Tony began panting, trying to hump Bucky’s face. Bucky pulled back and slapped his cunt with “Stop moving doll” before resuming his activities and while hold Tony’s waist down. The pressure from Steve’s dick shifted, hitting Tony’s prostate dead on,“AUNGGGGGGGG yesyesyesyesyesssssssssss oh god fuck,” Tony came squirting over Bucky's face. But Bucky didn’t let up, instead adding a fourth finger, “Come on doll you can do better than that.”Tony responded by shaking his head because no. No he couldn’t. He had cum more times than he could count he could “Ohhhhhhhh” Tony moaned, eyes rolling back as Bucky’s arm began to vibrate, giving Steve an idea. “Nat go get your vibrator,” he ordered, Nat putting down her book and wordlessly going to follow his instruction. Coming back about a minute later to see Tony had cum again, she handed the vibrator to Steve as Bucky was stroking his recently released dick before pushing in. “Hold his legs Buck my hand is about to be a bit busy,” Steve smirk.Tony felt completely wrung out. And it didn’t seem like the team was slowing down. Thor hadn’t even had a chance yet and he just knows that Steve is gonna want to fuck his cunt. Tony was brought 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Everyone
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Squirting
Vaginal Fingering
Boypussy
Double Penetration
Triple Penetration
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Clint Barton
Top Bucky Barnes
Top Bruce Banner
Top Thor (Marvel)
Shameless Smut
Smut
Daddy Kink
Fucking Machines
Butt Plugs

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Everyone
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

