Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony slowly made his way towards the giant Helicarrier that SHIELD somehow had built. It was an impressive piece of technology, he had to give them that. But he was more concerned with how they had managed to hurt JARVIS, it had been the second time they had done that. He might look like he had played ball, pretended that everything was a-okay with them but inside he was fuming. He had never really liked SHIELD, they were distrustful, they were manipulative enough to withhold important information from him as he was literally dying. Natashalie’s report still infuriated him. She was the one who was subtly guiding him towards destroying himself.  I would go out with a bang  still rang his ears. She had come in with an assumption about him in mind and had worked towards confirming it rather than looking at the facts and adjusting her opinions based on it. No matter how much that infuriated him, he had let them think that. After all, it was for his own benefit. If SHIELD were convinced that he was a no-good philandering, self-destructive playboy, it would be that much easier to fly under their radar. They would be focused on the persona he put up and convinced that they were better than him and that they had a  handle on him. He didn’t like it, not one bit but he could work with it. He had worked with worse people than these wannabe spies, he would suck it up and deal with them once he had enough information to do so. He didn’t make idle chit-chat with Agent who was leading him towards the helicarrier, his mind was too preoccupied. There was something more going on here and it was not just SHIELD. The image of their would-be alien invader popped up in his mind. The god in question, Loki, the one who had made a mess of things in New Mexico while he was busy dying was odd. Something was going on with him. Tony had looked into things in New Mexico, once he was well. Of course, he had, he took this protecting the world, this hero thing seriously even if no one ever was going to believe it. What he found intrigued him. He had gotten more questions rather than answers as he got to read more and more. Thor had also surprised him, but his appearance from then and now was plausible, was logical. Loki, on the other hand, was very very odd. The God of Mischief, if Norse myths were to be believed, looked bad. Dark circles underneath his eyes, pain clearly obvious in his face, real fear in his face as Thor began his thunderous entrance. Tony had also heard brief snippets of conversation between the two brothers, which only served to puzzle him even further. Loki was scared of the brutish blond, that much he could gather. He still was curious as to why and if satisfying that curiosity meant going right into Lion’s Den he would. “You’ve been awfully quiet Mr. Stark.” The Agent beside him observed. “I don’t make it a habit of talking to people who hurt my son.” He said icily. He could feel Coulson’s brain turning at that comment. “It wasn’t our intention.” The Agent tried to explain. “You were avoiding me, Mr. Stark.” as if that explained everything. “Gee I wonder why.” He said as he entered. He could hear the brilliant Dr. Banner working things out. The man was brilliant, that much knew, and was highlighted by the easy way he was explaining his conclusions. Tony himself had reached that conclusion hours ago, but he didn’t particularly want to show all the cards he held. Still, in front of someone who could understand what he was talking about, someone who was a true genius, someone he could get along with, he couldn’t help but show off. “Iridium’s a stabilizing agent.” With that, he made his grand introduction and set out to explain himself. He hid everything up in a showman’s ways, deftly pressing the small bug into one of their computers. No matter how good he or JARVIS was they couldn’t just hack into SHIELD easily. SHIELD was a paranoid organization and at the very least he needed to get in from their physical location, a feat impossible until now. As he talked, he observed the people around him. Fury and his second in command, as well as every SHIELD agent just rolled their eyes, completely falling for the show he was putting out for them. Dr. Banner looked impressed and a bit excited to be working with him. That didn’t surprise him. The giant alien prince nodded serenely, understanding what he was talking about and dare he think, considering him with a respectful gaze. The frozen soldier however surprised him. The man looked annoyed at him already. Interesting. He didn’t think that that would work on the good Captain, considering the stories that he had heard of his prowess but if he was the one who fell for his shiny exterior then that is what he would give him. The back and forth he had going on with Dr. Banner was amazing. At least someone in this place was not a brain-dead soldier following orders without thinking abou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Even tho it ain't CW
Not Steve Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
not SHIELD friendly
90 percent Salt
20 percent FrostIron
10 percent plot
math don't add up
but we deserve the extra salt
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Loki Feels (Marvel)
Loki Needs a Hug (Marvel)
Thor is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Tony Stark-centric
Smart Thor (Marvel)
tony is so done

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

