Work Text:
Loki was bent over the broad golden seat of the throne of Asgard, his ass in the air, Asgard's king himself pounding into him so thoroughly that the slaps of their skin could be heard echoing in the rafters, when the topic was first breached.“I want you big...” Thor was growling into Loki's ear.“Yes—What?!”Thor's grip on his hips softened, and instead he rubbed a large hand around Loki's waist, flattened that hand over Loki's lower abdomen.“I want you heavy with my children. I want you--”Loki cut him off with a few gasps, a moan of a curse word, and then a spectacular orgasm, coming so hard around Thor's cock that he was seeing stars, with Thor stilling deep inside him and finally releasing—they'd been at it for hours and Thor's stamina was the stuff of literal legend, naturally.~“That was not what made me come!”Loki protested indignantly afterward, fidgeting in Thor's lap where he still sat, gloriously naked in the vacant throne room in the middle of the day. Thor was snuggling him too closely and Loki could still not process what it was Thor had been getting at, so suddenly. Perhaps being in the throes of passion had driven Thor to the very brink of insanity. That had to be it. Loki could only hope that was the cause. “I came because you'd been rutting into me so deep I had you in my stomach...” He always said things like that as if it were a hassle, but, he would whine and eventually become very upset if Thor for any reason would not split him so wide the entire kingdom could observe him limping to and from royal counsels on a day-to-day basis. “Now please...do tell me that was just some silly thing you thought it amusing to try to use as dirty talk on a whim. And it did not work, as it was not the reason I came.”Thor's brow furrowed in that way that meant he was genuinely and truly bewildered about what Loki could mean.“I...But it is true. I both want and need heirs. And I will not take a queen...There is only you. It has always been just us--” His voice phased out into tender kisses to Loki's neck, his arms squeezing Loki impossibly closer while Loki stared blankly into the air for awhile, because his brain could not believe what he was hearing.
“Nnh—stop that—Thor.” He gave a nervous little chuckle. “...You can't truly mean this. You can not. Possibly. Want this.” He blocked Thor's wandering lips with his hand and stared at him in such shock that Thor did not know what to say next. In response to Thor's woeful gazing, Loki had to avert his eyes and—regrettably—get some distance from Thor's cock.~Distance hardly worked very well for very long.
That evening they were drawn together again, first for supper, then begrudged socializing afterward for a time, until Thor could manage to politely slip away from his friends (Loki could leave without so much courtesy as a goodbye, and it would not be unusual). Neither of them supposed there was anyone left in the kingdom that did not know, or at least strongly suspect, why they retired often early and at the same time, and into the same direction—Thor's quarters. It was only that no one deigned to mention it just yet. No one ever risked mentioning such things to thousand-year-old royalty no matter what their relationship. Thor and Loki were no different; if anything, this solution being a reprieve to their decades of bitterness could only be heralded as a blessing.Tonight found them the same as many other nights: devouring one another in the sheets until sleep would eventually find them a tangled disaster of limbs and heat and hazy dreams.“You arouse me on purpose throughout dinner; are you prepared to pay the cost?” Thor's words pressed into the skin of Loki's shoulder while Thor crowded him forward to the bed, already pressed intimately behind him so Loki could feel said arousal pressed into the cleft of his ass through his clothes.“And...praytell, what has aroused you so?” Loki asked demurely even as Thor was in the process of ripping off his clothes from behind.“Seeing you in beautiful clothing, the crimson like blood and lust, gold accents that dare to catch every light.”
Loki rose an eyebrow. Thor always did seem to wax poetic expressly when in the process of destroying that which he spoke of. The sound of tearing fabrics already filled the room as Loki chuckled accommodatingly.“Well it was beautiful.”“I shall have another made for you. Many others.”“Yes, you will.”“You wore it knowing that I would tear it—you love that I will do this.”“Sh, Thor. Saying it out loud like a narrative ruins the allure.”Thor grinned and proceeded to wrestle Loki into bed with him, peeling off remnants of jewel-toned arrayment as they went, until his hand was able to easily slip between Loki's legs to find Loki's slit already dripping, wet and warm for him between wine-colored folds, which he massaged and opened up with his fingers until Loki collapsed onto his back, eyes closed, making sounds Thor could not resist swallowing up in his mouth. He did it even while not 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Impregnation
Fluff and Smut
Intersex Loki
Jötunn Loki
Established Relationship
Impregnation Kink
Breeding

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

