Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Mom!"The long, almost hesitant call roused Mary from her  place on the couch. She had, for the first time in days, found the time  to read. She managed all of three words when Joe started shouting, and  he didn't sound like he was going to stop anytime soon. With a deep  breath, she reminded herself that she loved her family.A lot.Then  she rose and went to the backyard door, rubbing the small of her back  through her shirt. Their yard, fairly large given how many houses  builders tried to cram onto a street, was fenced in and lined on one  side by trees. The other boundaries were dictated by her garden on one  side and mud on the other. Nothing she did got rid of the mud."What?""There's a body in the yard," Joe said, turning his big blue eyes to her, a look of concern on his face."Of  course there is," she muttered, pushing open the patio door. She had  two girls and three boys, all between the ages of sixteen and four, and  nothing fazed her any more.Nothing.Not even the dark  haired man laying face down in the mud beside the fence could bother  her. She turned toward the window, where Joe and his younger sister Lyn  stood, their faces plastered to the glass. She pointed at them and  crooked her finger. Joe's face vanished only to reappear around the edge  of the house a moment later."Mom?""Go get Mike," she told  him, "and your dad. And tell Lyn to stop licking the glass." Her  youngest daughter, four years old, pressed her open mouth against the  window and dragged her tongue all over it.Shoving her hands  through her blonde hair, which had the unfortunate habit of frizzing  into a giant mess of curls whenever the humidity got above zero, Mary  yanked it back into some semblance of a ponytail and waited for her  husband and oldest son.Mike crashed his way out the patio door  five minutes later, bare feet slapping the flagstones, looking like he  had just rolled out of bed. She wouldn't be surprised if he had. "Get  your ass back in that house and put shoes on," she told him, and he spun  about with a look fit for a martyr.Bob slid out from behind him,  a beanpole of a man who stood a few inches over six feet, his wireframe  glasses slipping down his nose. He and Mike were of a height, but Mike  was a massive slab of muscle, built to be a middle linebacker where Bob  looked like a strong wind would blow him over. "There's a body in your  mud.""Your mud," Mary corrected. "You said you would cut down those tree branches so this part of the yard gets more sun."Bob sighed. "We've been over this, Mary. The tree is on the neighbor's yard, and I can't cut down branches without permission.""No  one lives there!" she exclaimed. The house, owned by a foreign company,  was rented out to employees. It had been empty for nearly four years."Mary—"Mike  banged his way out of the house, wearing dirty tennis shoes. Mary's  lips pressed into a long, thin line. He had probably tromped all the way  from the mess room, through the family room, into the kitchen, and out  the door in those shoes. Her rugs would be filthy. He drew up short,  though, when he saw the body in the mud. "Why's there a dead dude in  mom's mud?"Mary let out a hiss of breath. "He's not dead. Just help me pick him up and get him inside."It  took them about fifteen minutes to get the man from the mud into the  house, up the stairs, and deposited in the guest bedroom. Lyn and Joe  watched, wide-eyed and underfoot, while Mike tracked his dirty feet up  and down the white carpet of their second floor. When they got the  mud-covered man to the guest room, Mary realized she had failed to plan  ahead. There was no way, absolutely no way, she was dropping a dirty body on the guest bedroom's comforter."Anna!" she shouted, giving Mike and Bob a severe look that said, quite clearly, if you drop this man, I will kill you dead. "Jack!"Jack  responded first, likely because Anna was plugged into her iPod and  growing roots into her phone. "Who's the dead guy?" were the first words  out of his mouth.Mary chose to ignore them. "Jack, go into the  hall closet and grab one of the camping blankets," she said. He gave her  a dubious look before vanishing from the doorway. There was a loud  crash from the direction of the hall closet, and Mary closed her eyes,  counted to ten, and reminded herself that she loved her family.After  Jack and Joe spread the camping blanket across the bed to Mary's  satisfaction, they placed the unconscious man on it. Mike vanished,  likely returning to his cave in the basement, and her suspicions were  confirmed a few minutes later when the dull sound of drums thudded  through the house.As if cued, Anna swung into the guest room, her  blonde hair, frizzy like Mary's, exploding around her angry face like a  halo. "Mom, tell Mike to knock it off," she demanded, shooting the  stairs to the first floor a look fit to kill. "I can't study when he's  doing that.""You're not studying," Jack retorted. "You're texting your boyf
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
