Chapter 1: In Which Percy Picks Up a Hammer
    




Chapter Text
It starts not simply – because nothing in Percy's life is simple any more – with a hammer smashing its way into the centre of the Camp, leaving a sizeable crater in the ground. Of course, this meant the Demeter Cabin immediately started in on the Hephaestus residents about how this was clearly another one of their little stunts to prove just how 'crafty' they were, and how the camp couldn't do without them.  This was followed by accusations about how the Demeter kids only really cared about plants, and how they really needed to realise that the world wasn't only filled with the colour green – which, naturally, had the Satyrs bleating in angrily as well. Really, no one should have been surprised – and it was doubtful anyone was – that Percy just rolled his eyes and went to pick the damn thing up, hoping to get it out of the way.They were allowed to be surprised at the mini hurricane that started up around him, though. That wasn't normal, even for Percy Jackson. Neither was suddenly appearing in slightly funky, kind of otherworldly looking armour, but the glint in Annabeth's eye had him convinced that that particular bit really wasn't a bad thing. From there, well, that's when things started to get really weird.The hammer was a pretty cool thing, it sort of... sort of tingled in Percy's hand, creating a warmth that he hadn't ever felt before, and doubted he would again. It was pretty cool as a weapon as well, but he had to admit that he still felt more comfortable with Riptide in his hands. Besides which, he was pretty sure Riptide had never caused an almost war when he'd held it, with various cabins how the hammer should rightfully be theirs. Which is were events hit a little snag, though Percy had to admit the Hephaestus' cabin's argument was the strongest out of all he'd heard. (The Athena cabin wasn't participating; Annabeth was still too amused by the whole situation and besides which, she explained, it was fun seeing Percy squirm.) See, while all the arguments were going on, a big-ass blonde Viking type dude stormed into camp and demanded his hammer back.Yeah, so that was an interesting day.Turns out Chiron and Mr. D knew the big-ass blonde Viking guy, and he was a God, sort of. Big-ass blonde Viking guy – Thor was his name – said that Midgardians considered his people Gods, but that didn't mean they actually were and really, Percy switched off and stopped listening when he started to get into something called “the Tree of Life” because the hammer had started to glow. No, seriously, there was this eerie sort of blue-white glow and Percy was sure it was vibrating and damn, his mind could think up some weird jokes to explain that. He needed to spend less time hanging out with the Stoll brothers, he was going to end up slapped. But yeah, hammer was glowing and Thor caught on pretty quickly, walking over and holding out his hand. Percy got it; he had picked it up, the hammer had willingly went to him, Thor couldn't rip it out of his hand. He was just glad to give it back, even though he frowned – the warmth didn't disappear and apparently Thor had gotten it into his head that Percy was going with him.“No, wait, what?” was about as much as he managed to get out before he was pulled up and out of camp. He hated flying, and was pretty glad to hear Blackjack's offended cry before the pegasus pulled up under him, letting him drop out of Thor's grip. Thor looked like he wasn't sure whether he should laugh at the sight, or be impressed by Percy's riding skills. Percy didn't really care either way, but Thor was a cool guy, and he was pretty easy to talk to for a God. Turns out there had been some fight like, centuries ago, and Thor had helped the Olympians out. So... that was a thing.“You say your Father is Poseidon,” the God of Thunder – yeah, for some reason Percy kept thinking of him in terms of his title and he wasn't really sure why but suspected it was some kind of demigod survival instinct. (Of course, the fact that this instinct was notably lacking around Ares never came to Percy's mind). “He is a formidable warrior, and a good man,” Thor said, after what he felt was enough of a silence – it was hard for Percy to speak and fly 'cause insects kept getting into his mouth. “But I do not think he will like what has to happened.”See, here's the thing. The hammer, Mew-something or other, Percy can't really remember, is really picky when it comes to demigods. It's meant to let itself be picked up by whoever is worthy of it which for mortals, Percy's told, has often been in the form of paramedics, police officers, fire-fighters. The type of people who go out and dangerous things for no real reward. Problem is, this pretty much sums up nearly all demigods so the hammer's gotten picky. It just usually doesn't accept demigods but, and Percy can feel the weight on that 'but' and he's getting sick of it being present in his life – it let Percy pick it up. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson

freeform: 
Crossover
Crack
Gen Fic
Action/Adventure

fandom: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson

