Chapter 1: Cravings
    




Chapter Text
"Good sir, the concerns of my people come first. Of course I will sign this order. You may rest easy tonight, friend." The peasant who kneeled in front of Thor smiled in relief. The young king's booming voice could be frightening at times, but on days such as these the same voice provided reassurance. 
"Thank you, your majesty." 
As Thor's pen touched the parchment presented in front of him, the entire hall startled at the sound of the doors slowly creaking open. The guards prepared their stance in anticipation. All who had been invited to the council that day were already present and accounted for. With a new king on the throne of Asgard, they knew they could never be too cautious in preparing for potential threats and attacks against the kingdom as it found its footing under a new ruler.
"Thor!"
Not an intruder from Jotunheim. Not an assassin. No, this was much worse.
Thor's heavily pregnant brother and - for all intents and purposes - queen, Loki.
Thor ran his hand through his hair, embarrassed to face his attendants. The guards would have cracked a few smiles if it weren't for the abject terror in anticipation of what would happen this time. 
Thor smiled ear to ear, his face flushing slightly. "Loki! What troubles you?" 
The figure looked small surrounded by the great ceilings and tall guards lining the way to Thor's throne, but as Loki stalked- no, waddled- nearer and nearer it became apparent that Loki was not small in the least by this point in the pregnancy. 
"Thor," His voice sounded small and high. "I desire Midgardian cheesecake. And I have asked the kitchen several times to make me some fried potatoes, but they just don't taste the same as the ones you got me when we were last on Midgard. And I have a craving." 
The peasant remained in his kneeling position, awkwardly, as Loki stood between him and the King. 
Thor sighed a small laugh. "Beloved, you know that they are doing their best to keep up with you and the child. When I finish here, I shall see if a visit to Midgard is possible." Loki huffed and rubbed his swollen stomach. He had ordered new clothing made for his growing figure, though the only person they made comfortable was Loki. If one looked closely enough, they would be able to see the faint outlines of his growing breasts and nipples through the thin fabric. The men of the court knew better than to let their eyes wander below Loki's neck in his current state, despite the fact that his newly commissioned clothing only seemed to emphasize the changes of his pregnant body. His usual gold and green adornments had been modified to twine delicately around his chest and sides, rejoining just under the enormous crest of his round belly before falling away into folds and drapes of green fabric. 
"Not just Midgard! I want those which we ate when we were last there." Loki's voice made a startling jump from high and whiny to low and venomous. "Honestly, Thor. Sometimes... Sometimes, I think you just don't listen to me anymore!" Loki looked as though he was about to cry. The guards shifted uncomfortably, attempting to keep their stoic gazes locked straight ahead despite the scene about to unfold. The peasant gave up at this point and slowly backed out of the room. Normally, the guards would call for him to halt at such a sign of disrespect to their king, but they made no move to stop the man.
Thor smiled nervously and the words could not fall out of his mouth fast enough. 
"Loki, no! No, no. I am listening. I will arrange for... McDonalds... to make you all the fried potatoes you desire." 
Loki beamed, and the guards flinched whenever they saw such a delighted expression on his face. Usually trouble was to follow.
"And don't forget the cheesecake!" Loki turned swiftly on his heel, only to stop after a few halting steps to turn and gaze up at Thor over his shoulder. He switched rapidly from giddy elation to smoldering sensuality. He brought his pale hands over the crest of his stomach once more and tilted his hips slightly. In a breathy voice, "I'll be waiting eagerly for your return." 
When a guard to the left cleared his throat, Thor shot him a look. 
Loki sauntered happily out of the throne room without further incident, leaving all behind in uncomfortable silence. 
"I think we shall adjourn for today. I have...much to tend to." Thor said, rubbing his forehead. 
- "You forgot the chicken sandwich." Loki pouted. Thor nearly fell over. He didn't dare remind Loki that he hadn't mentioned the concoction before in the throne room. Sitting on the corner of the bed, Thor stroked Loki's face tenderly. 
"Next time, beloved. Can our baby wait until then?" Thor smoothed his large hands over Loki's stomach, now wrapped in a soft silken gown. 
"I suppose so. It's just that these cravings are getting... intense." 
Thor laughed and raised his eyebrows in mock surprise before allowing his eyes to dart down at his lover's rounded middle. "Is that so?" He brushed a small
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Mpreg
Intersex Loki
Pregnant Sex
Rimming
Post-Canon
Childbirth

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

