Chapter 1: { .I. } {In Which Odin Proves Himself An A+ Father, Really}
    




Chapter Text

- ♦ ♈ ♦ -
“You wanted to see me, Father?”Though respectful and carefully controlled, Loki’s voice still sounds small and thin even in his own ears; but then, the Weapons Vault always makes him feel rather small.  Not quite in a threatening or frightening way, but it was just awe-inspiring enough to put him on his best behaviour whenever he found himself there, burying the urge to touch and ask questions about everything.  The items contained therein, trophies won with blood, by strength of arm and will and mind, are eye-catching, the room itself so ascetically grand that he can’t help feeling tiny and a little insignificant in comparison.  And he feels smaller than ever this time, because Thor isn’t there with him, that constantly bold and recklessly brave presence, the perfect scapegoat should anything suddenly need to be blamed on someone.“Indeed I did, my son.”  There’s an odd sort of strain on Odin’s face as he turns away from staring at one of the many relics to greet Loki, something the dark-haired boy can’t make sense of, the usual warmth mingled with worry and something that almost looks, if he didn’t know better, like guilt.“…Is something the matter, Father?” he asks, pausing a little more than halfway down the stairs into the Vault.  Has he done something wrong?  But no, Odin doesn’t look angry, and Loki can’t think of any particularly recent trouble he’s caused that would merit this sort of audience, alone with the King of Asgard in a place of power, surrounded by his trophies and weapons.Odin waves aside the question, then holds out his hand and gestures for Loki to come and walk with him, leading the boy deeper into the Vault.  “It is a father’s duty to protect his son, and that is a duty that I believe should be carried out by whatever means necessary.  And there are times when keeping certain…difficult truths hidden from his child is the best means of providing that protection.”The One-Eyed All-father pauses in front of one of the relics, and Loki finds himself looking at the Casket of Ancient Winters, that item of power which Odin had taken from Jotunheim a decade ago.  He starts just slightly as Odin rests a heavy, firm, but gentle hand on his shoulder, the old man’s tone rich with a soft-spoken gravitas.“…And yet, there also comes a time when such protection may do more to harm than help.”Loki shakes his head slowly, clearly uncomprehending.  “I…I don’t understand, Father.  What kinds of truths do you speak of?”“On this day,” Odin says, seemingly ignoring his son’s query, “we acknowledge your arrival at the age of ten--still quite young for one of us, yet old enough to understand.  Soon you will set out on your journey into manhood, and there are certain truths you must be made aware of before that happens.”A rather bewildered frown has taken up residence on Loki’s face, but instead of asking any of the plethora of questions bubbling up inside him, he simply nods, waiting for the king to continue.Odin’s hand tightens its grip on the boy’s shoulder, as if somehow hoping that holding on to him physically will keep him from pulling away emotionally when he hears what Odin knows he must tell him.  He is so very young still, the King of Asgard thinks sadly, but he knows full well that keeping this from him any longer will only cause Loki more pain in the end.  Trust cannot be built on lies.His smile is sad, his expression faintly distant, as if looking back into the past as he says, “Well you know how the Casket of Ancient Winters came to be here in Asgard, for many a time I have told both you and your brother the tale of that day…and yet, I have never told you all.  For the Casket was not all that I took from Jotunheim that day.”  Closing his eye briefly, he forces himself to look down and meet those vivid green eyes, watching the mix of confusion and curiosity on Loki’s face as he continues.  “Amongst the rubble I found a baby, small for a giant’s offspring.  Abandoned.  Suffering.  Left to die.  Laufey’s son.”Laufey’s son.  Loki silently mouths the words, his eyes gone wide, his face pale as Odin adds, to ensure that there can be no mistaking the meaning of what he’s just said, “That baby was you, Loki.”That thin shoulder wrenches out of Odin’s grasp violently and Loki takes a few hastily half-stumbling steps backwards, fear, anger, and disbelief warring for dominance in his expression.“Laufey?  The king of the Frost Giants?”  The dark-haired boy makes a noise that’s probably meant to be a laugh, though it sticks in his throat, coming out as more of a choking, breathy huff.  “Impossible!  Look at me!  I’m Asgardian, and YOU are my—”Moving with a warrior’s speed and fluid grace, Odin lunges forward, catching the boy’s wrist in a gentle but deceptively firm grasp.  It’s just about the only thing about this that’s gentle, however, for there is no easy way to learn some lessons.  A heartbeat later he’s h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor + Loki
Loki + Frigga
Thor + Odin
Loki + Odin

freeform: 
genfic for the win!
BROMANCE lol
Platonic Relationship
norse mythology tie-ins
Marvel movie-verse
Thor Kinkmeme Fill
Angst
Humor
family fic
not yaoi
brotherly fluff fic
Drama
Adventure
AU
what-if fic
multichapter fic
Family Relationships - Freeform
Complete
Thor (2011) - Freeform
Epic Bromance
Adoption
Jotun!Loki
inconvenient physiology

fandom: 
Thor + Loki
Loki + Frigga
Thor + Odin
Loki + Odin

