Work Text:
Hank storms into his lab, slamming drawers shut  left and right until a beaker falls and shatters. The noise of equipment  breaking has always been enough to snap him out of a rage, and it works  now. He carefully sweeps up the glass shards, throwing them away before  clambering up to perch on a spinning, squeaky lab chair. He takes off  his glasses, lets out a massive gust of air, and presses the heels of  his hands against his eyes.The fact of the matter is, he doesn’t get Alex. The other boy is so different from him that he might as well be  speaking Greek (except Hank understands Greek, so he might as well be  speaking Polish). They’ve had no comparable life experiences, unless one  counts college as prison (which Hank did, on his darker days).  Their powers are not even nearly the same (sometimes Hank would kill to be powerful and destructive).They  don’t even have any facial similarities. Where Hank is narrow-jawed and  squinty, Alex has a strong, sweeping square jawline. Alex’s chin  dimples and his eyes shift from blue to gray to green. Hank has a  pointy, witchy chin and eyes that have been crayon-blue since the day he  was born.Hank has no way of getting him, because he has no way of understanding him.So Hank adapts the best he can.He  pulls out a cheap spiral notebook and a black ballpoint pen. He flips  the notebook open, uncaps the pen, and writes in neat capital letters:Understanding Alex Summers’ Actions: A Case StudyNext, Hank makes a chart, because he understands charts and their neat lines and their careful squares and their not being Alex fucking Summers. (He rarely curses, but Alex seems to bring out the worst in him.) His chart runs:Subject Name
Subject Codename
Alex Summers
A (prime subject)
Charles Xavier
Prof
Raven Xavier
R
Erik Lensherr
E
Sean Cassidy
S
Moira McTaggert
M
 He then makes another, smaller diagram that runs:Presence of physical violence, verbal abuse, or any sort of angry or hurtful action or comment: hostilePresence of physical affection, kind words, or any other emotional encouragement: kindThat should be enough. Alex isn’t exactly complex.He begins his log.--13 September9:54  A appeared in my lab directly after breakfast; poked at my glasses and  called me bigfoot before leaving. Interaction termed hostile.12:33  A brought tray bearing lunch (turkey sandwich, glass of milk, an  apple). Thanked him & he snorted and ruffled my hair before leaving.  Interaction termed kind.3:02  A stormed into lab waving plate around like a Frisbee, going on about  “feeling off.” Tried to get more out of him but he waved me aside.  Stormed away. Interaction termed hostile.5:21  Prof brought A in, having extracted a logical statement from him about  problem w/ plate. Requested new measurements, then left. When asked to  remove his shirt, A’s face became red and his fists clenched in a  belligerent manner. As I measured, A stammered. Interaction termed  undetermined.7:46 A brought a plate from dinner. Said I was missed. Called me bozo, “slugged” me in the shoulder, left. Interaction termed…sweet (?) kind.--That night, in bed, Hank pulls out his notebook and pen and scratches  new interaction terms into the title page:Presence of multiple interaction term symptoms: undetermined.Presence of no kindness, sweetness, or hostility: non-hostile.That should cover everything else.--He  takes to carrying the notebook with him on the rare occasions he leaves  his lab. Raven notices it one day as they linger outside sipping Coke  in the sun, watching Sean and Alex break windows and Charles’ and Erik’s  behest.“What’s in  the notebook?” she asks, sliding her hands down the Coke bottle in a  devastating fashion (or, well, it would be devastating if she were more  masculine or Hank were less, well, attracted to men).“Not  much. Experiment notes.” He sips Coke to have an excuse not to talk,  but she sees through him like a pane of glass (perhaps not the best  example as a French stained glass window is screamed into oblivion  before them).“That  you have to carry away from all of your experiments in your lab? I don’t  think so,” she says, and lunges for the notebook. Hank has never been  more thankful for his freakishly good reflexes, as he pulls the red  notebook back and away from her prying fingers.“No looking,” he chides, before realizing he’s just set himself up.“If it’s not much,” Raven says, victory shining in her eyes, “why can’t I see it, hm?”“Because it would bore you,” he replies, tucking it beneath him.She leans in close, glass bottle dangling from her fingers. “Really? I’d bet that it’s a really interesting read. I’ve always wanted to read a guy’s diary.”“What?! No, I mean—it’s not—it’s a journal. A scientific journal. A log. Not a diary.”“I call bull—“And then Sean screeches a little too high and the Coke bottles explode in their hands.Sticky and wet, Hank sends a brief prayer of thanks to the god of big-footed scientists.--20 September9:13  A threw a piece of toast at my head dur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

