Work Text:
The Rogues were coming back. Shiny new pardons in hand and a belief that they won.

Rhodey hated it but they needed all the help they could get with Thor’s warning of Thanos. Seeing the fear the name inspired in Loki had driven that point home.

So they were coming back to the country, back to the Avengers, back to the Compound.

Back to Tony.

He shared a glance with Pepper. They were part of the welcoming committee for the wayward members of the team. They only had one actual reason for being here though. Carol knew that and was pretending she didn’t. As the leader of the Avengers she had to at least give the group a chance.

But she cared about Tony too so she wouldn’t stop them from what they were about to do.

Stephen, here to provide magical protection if it was needed, just looked bored like this entire thing was beneath him. Rhodey knew he was itching to confront the person who injured Tony that badly though. He’d seen Tony’s medical records. He knew how badly Rogers had hurt him. The doctor was furious.

The Wakandan jet landed silently in front of them. Rhodey wondered if T’Challa knew how much damage he’d done to his relationship with the Council and the Avengers by hiding and providing sanctuary to the Rogues. He was a smart man, he had to realise the consequences.

Maybe the cold reception he’d received every time he had a meeting with the team had clued him in by now. They’d accept the Black Panther as a team member.

But they wouldn’t trust him.

Rhodey barely stopped a sneer from curling his lips as the group stepped onto American soil for the first time in a year. A year he’d spent dealing with his paralysis, with Tony’s physical and emotional recovery. Of dealing with the panic attacks and days his friend, his little brother, spent wondering if it was all his fault.

It took a new team to show him that he wasn’t to blame. That he’d done his damn best. That he didn’t owe the Rogues shit.

Rhodey wouldn’t allow them to cause Tony any setbacks in his recovery.

T’Challa stepped out first followed by his ever-present Dora Milaje. He looked somber at least, maybe realizing that this meeting wouldn’t be filled with sunshine and roses.

In contrast, behind him came Rogers with a wide smile on his face. The very picture of a triumphant hero returning home. Out of the corner of his eye Rhodey saw Pepper tightening her grip on her tablet enough that her knuckles went white. He shifted slightly closer, his braces whirring softly with the movement. They’d get their say. They just had to wait a little bit longer.

Following Rogers like the ever obedient and loyal lapdog he’d become came Wilson. Rhodey was so very disappointed in the man. He’d liked him. They’d been friends before the Civil War. Before he spat in the faces of the countries they protected and said they couldn’t be trusted to know what they wanted.

The Falcon looked relieved the moment he spotted Rhodey standing, guilt seeping in when he noticed the braces he wore. The braces Tony had designed and built, eaten up by guilt when he was the last person Rhodey would ever blame for his injury. Wilson’s relieved expression faltered when Rhodey only stared back coldly.

Next came Romanoff. Out of all of them, Rhodey wanted to yell at her the most. She’d come into Tony’s life through lies and deception. And he’d still forgiven her and let her in when he joined the team. Even after that bullshit ‘Iron Man: Yes, Tony Stark: Not Recommended’ report. He let her in and she still stabbed him in the back when he needed her.

Once a spy always a spy.

Barton trailed after her with the little witch stuck to his side like always. Rhodey knew that Stephen would be watching the Scarlet Witch very carefully and he couldn’t care less about the spiteful little bitch. She’d learn how much she lost with her choice soon enough.

Instead he focused on Barton. At one point, Tony and Barton had been close. They’d pranked each other and laughed over bad jokes together. Ultron changed that. It changed a lot of things but Rhodey would always remember how hurt Tony was by his accusations and blame on top of his grief over losing JARVIS.

The man had fairly jumped at the chance to fight at Captain America’s side, the deal sweetened since they were facing off against Tony. Well, his ‘triumphant return’ would go sour the moment he got to meet Laura again. His wife was livid.

They’d have to see if Laura decided to file the divorce papers she’d already had drawn up.

The last two people off the plane were a little more difficult to figure out. Lang dived headfirst into a situation he had no information on since it was Captain America who called. Hope said he was an idiot and Rhodey was inclined to agree. His irrational ‘Stark hate’ that he’d picked up from Hank Pym would have to go before Rhodey even considered looking at him as anything but a loyal Rogers follower. Not to mention that ridiculously dangerous stunt he’d pulled with Tony’s suit that could have easil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
BAMF Pepper Potts
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
None
