Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“It's five days before Christmas!”Maria Hill let out a breath that was almost a sigh.  Almost. “This may shock you, Agent Barton, but I am aware of the date.”  She was studying the pre-flight checklist on her clipboard. “I have a calendar, and unlike you, I actually check it.”  Her eyes cut in Clint's direction.  “It is December 20th, and that does, in fact, make it five days before Christmas.  Do you have a reason for sharing this information?”“I don't know,” Clint said, from between clenched teeth.  “Maybe because I had plans for the coming week?”“And I'm sure they were fascinating plans.  Knowing you, they were very important plans, possibly involving video games and alcohol.”  Hill shook her head in his general direction.  “I regret to inform you that there's been a change to them.”“There were things other than video games and alcohol,” Clint said, and Hill turned her head, not quite fast enough to hide a smile.  He counted that as a point for him, because hell knows, he didn't score many off of Hill.  “I haven't wrapped my Christmas gifts.  Also, I haven't BOUGHT my Christmas gifts.”“That's what internet two day shipping is for,” Hill said, even as she continued checking over the small Cessna that had delivered them to this backwater regional airport at the ass end of nowhere.“Does Amazon ship to SHIELD safehouses?” Clint asked, letting his head fall back with a thump.  “I didn't even see ROADS on the flight in.”“Try it and I'll break your legs.”“Wouldn't it be easier just to block my internet connection?”  “Yes, but not nearly as much fun.”  She glanced in his direction, and there was something close to sympathy on her face.  “As soon as we get things sorted out, we'll bring you back in.  Whatever it is that you're carrying-”  She slanted him a stern look.  “We need you safely out of reach until we figure out a way to extract it.  And you know it.”“Doesn't mean I like it,” he grumbled, shifting his weight.  His bag shifted with him, and he tugged it higher on his shoulder.  His smallest bow case was leaning against his leg, a comforting weight that he'd refused to be without.  Everyone, from Phil to Steve to Fury himself, had assured him that he wouldn't need it, that they were getting him out of town more for expediency than any sort of danger, but Clint had put his foot down.  He didn't have a choice about being bundled out of New York under the cover of darkness, but he was not going to go without his bow.That was asking far too much of him, and they knew it.“You're a SHIELD agent, highly trained, highly decorated and, oddly enough, very highly regarded,” Hill said, her lips quirking up in a half smile.  “You should be used to not liking your orders.”“I'm used to it, ma'am, doesn't mean I take 'em without a fight.”Hill paused, her fingers coming up to the comm unit in her ear.  “We have incoming extraction vehicle,” she said, her voice crisp.  “Open doors, keep the perimeter.”  Her hand dropped to her side.  “The safehouse team has arrived.  Ready?”He resisted the urge to say something distinctly rude and probably obscene.  As good as it might feel in the moment, he'd regret it later.  “As ready as I'll ever be,” he said instead.The door to the hanger opened, and Clint pushed himself upright, looking up in time to see a recent model minivan come rolling through the gap.  As it toddled in their direction, the most innocuous pick-up vehicle Clint had ever seen, he waited, and seethed.  His arms crossed over his chest, his head down, he tried not to resent the whole situation.  He hated this.  He hated it so much.  He hated not knowing where he was, or having any control over his own life, and more than that, he hated the fact that his team was somewhere, fighting without him.Mostly, he hated the very real suspicion that they didn't need him, that they'd get along just as well even if he wasn't there.“You owe us one,” Hill said, just as the minivan rolled up next to them.  Clint's head snapped in her direction, confused, but she just smiled, and went back to her clipboard.The passenger side window came down, and Shirley Coulson leaned out, removing her sunglasses as she did.  “Sorry we're late,” she said, her voice breezy.  “We hit rush hour traffic on the interstate.”  Beyond her, in the driver's seat, Jason waved, a cheerful smile on his face.Clint stared.  “What?” he asked at last.“Isn't a problem,” Hill said to Shirley.  “Sorry about the early arrival.”“What can you do,” Shirley said, smiling as Jason put the minivan into park.  She stepped out of the van, offering Hill a hand.  “Airline schedules.  Nothing's convenient, even when you're setting the schedule.”  She turned Clint, and her smile stretched, warm and bright.  “It's so good to see you, Clint.”He realized his mouth was hanging open and considered doing something about that, but before he could, he was getting hugged.  “You're looking wonderful, Phil said that you took a bit of a tumble last month, I assume that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Christmas Story
Fluff
Angst
dealing with family
dealing with other people's family
sometimes Christmas isn't easy
No matter what the world wants to tell you Christmas is not easy

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

