Chapter 1: Southern Hospitality
    


Notes:
*** This ongoing story is being regularly updated with new chapters 1-2 times a week as the story unfolds. **** Some chapters are accompanied by art, too! :) * Characters: James "Bucky" Barnes, Sam Wilson, Ayo, Shuri, The Winter Soldier,  Sarah Wilson, Cass Wilson, AJ Wilson, Joaquín Torres, Redwing, Yama (Dora Milaje), Nomble (Dora Milaje), King T'Challa, Okoye, Steve RogersReferenced Characters: Thanos, Zemo, Bruce Banner, Sharon Carter, John Walker, Tony Stark, Stephen Strange, Ramonda, King T'Chaka, Riley, Lemar Hoskins, Karli Morgenthau, Vision, Wanda Maximoff, GrootRating: TGenres: Friendship, Banter, Humor, Family, Drama, Angst, AdventureSpoilers: The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (Series), Black Panther, Avengers: Endgame (MCU)I had the incredible pleasure of working with Shade on an illustration she created to go along with a scene from this story.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text



(Above: Illustration by Shade)
This story continues to be a profound labor of love, and I thank my incredible readers and the fantastic artists that have contributed to this project. If you're curious to see all of the visual art and artists surrounding this story in one convenient location, check out the Winter of the White Wolf - Art Collection on Ao3!  
 

Chapter 1
 "Cass! AJ! Breakfast!" Sarah belted in the direction of the stairwell before turning her attention back to the guest at their table. She offered Bucky a smile and inquired, "Sleep well?" as she slid a thick plate heaping with country ham, gravy, grits, and home fries on the table in front of him and then her brother. Bucky hadn't missed that she'd made it a habit to serve him first, and though he'd initially purely struck it up to southern hospitality, he also didn't miss the decided side-eye Sam gave him from across the table. The man could really pull off a downright intimidating brotherly glare when he wanted to, regardless if anything was going on or not. When Sam leaned back and crossed his arms warningly, Bucky decided to mime the gesture and do the same. He made it a point to thrum his fingers along the top of his vibranium hand as he sat and regarded Sam with what he hoped was a suitably satisfied grin.Sarah had about much interest in having either of them help around the kitchen as she did having them feign being skilled mechanics when it came to the intricacies of their family boat. Over the course of weeks, Bucky'd finally stopped asking if she needed help with cooking, and instead concluded that he and Sam were to set the table and get the drinks, but he'd claimed the resulting dishes as his solemn responsibility as a guest. In the meantime: He could find new ways to irritate Sam. Sarah seemed to appreciate that bit too."Thanks. Everything smells delicious as usual. And yeah, slept well." The words came easy to him, even though that last bit wasn't entirely true. Sam raised an eyebrow at the comment. That man had an uncanny ability to tell if he was lying, but at least he had enough respect to not press him in front of Sarah.Factually speaking: The nightmares had gotten better. He supposed it was just unrealistic to assume that crossing off all the names he'd written in Steve's book and handing it off to Doctor Raynor to close out their therapy sessions together would have prompted the nightmares to go away entirely. The difference seemed to be that now, sometimes he didn't remember his dreams at all, or the dreams he had were not always moored in the past that was altogether familiar. They weren't violent, just disconcerting, like they were the dreams of someone else entirely.In rarer cases, he sometimes even found himself awash in dreams that felt like possible futures, sparkled with bits of peace and even now and then: hope. After so many years of nightmares focused on the War and his violent memories as the Winter Soldier, it seemed surreal to allow himself to look forward to a tentative future where he could define his own next-steps, even if he was still at a loss at what exactly that looked like.For the moment though, as he sat in that inviting family kitchen, it felt like enough, though the whispers of his most recent dream did their best to call for his attention.He pushed the thought away, focusing on the savory smells of a rich breakfast to ground himself in the present. "Thanks as always for the hospitality," Bucky added as Sarah dropped off the second round of plates and shot him a smile.From across the table, Sam piped up, cutting off anything Bucky might've considered adding, "I slept well too, Sarah. Thanks for asking."Sarah waved a hand in Sam's direction, "Course' you did." She turned back conspiratorially to Bucky as she seated herself at the head of the table between them, "You see how he hung that costume of his up in his bedroom?""Uniform," Sam tried to correct her, knowing it wasn't going to help his case.Sarah chose to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Sam Wilson & Sarah Wilson
Ayo & James "Bucky" Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes & Shuri
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Ayo & Shuri (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Dora Milaje
Friendship - Relationship
Shuri & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Shuri & Sam Wilson
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)

freeform: 
Friendship
Humor
Angst
Family
Drama
Adventure
The Winter Soldier - Freeform
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Regret
Post-Canon
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Feels
Sam Wilson Feels
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Banter
Captain America Sam Wilson
Best Friends
Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Wakanda (Marvel)
Post-Canon Fix-It
Fix-It
Canon-Typical Violence
POV Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Remembers
POV Sam Wilson
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Whump
Bucky Barnes Gets a Hug
Angst with a Happy Ending
BAMF Dora Milaje
Fanart
Found Family
Bucky Barnes in Wakanda
Grief/Mourning
Protective Bucky Barnes
POV The Winter Soldier
Sam Wilson Needs a Hug
Sam Wilson Gets a Hug
White Wolf Bucky Barnes
Strong Female Characters

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Sam Wilson & Sarah Wilson
Ayo & James "Bucky" Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes & Shuri
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Ayo & Shuri (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Dora Milaje
Friendship - Relationship
Shuri & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Shuri & Sam Wilson
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)

