Chapter 1: A New Beginning
    




Chapter Text
“G!” Natasha shouted as she threw one of her signature batons towards you before grappling with a leather-clad Hydra Agent. You rolled under a table and allowed the weapon to slide across before gripping it just in time to shove it against the neck of another, kicking him off you as he writhed in pain. “Whew,” you breathed, jumping up and watching as your partners’ foe also fell to the ground. “Not done yet!” The Black Widow leapt over more office furniture as she took two more down and you followed suit, taking a repeated knee to a different agent before pushing him into another where Nat used her famous electricity charged bracelets - the “black widow bite” director Fury once called them - on the pair which of course they were no match for. You and your red-headed partner continued to fight with the Hydra stragglers until the last one dropped to the floor - well, fell out the window to the floor thanks to your enthusiasm. It was like a synergy, a partnering that you and Natasha always danced perfectly together with when it came to hand-to-hand combat - which is why it was always such a shame when she had to leave. “You should come with me, you know.” She half smiled as she began searching the bodies; you and Romanoff had been instructed by Fury to find a microchip capable of disarming advanced defences, including forcefields and weaponry. A small task which you thought Nick had included Nat in only to pull her away from the recent traumatic events she had endured - this was well below her capabilities. “What, and join the ‘Earth’s Mightiest Heroes’? I’m no hero, Natasha, I’m just an angry woman in a tight suit.” Nat rolled her eyes at this. “You think I’m not?” She asked, eyeing you suspiciously. You sighed in response, lifting yourself up onto a table after making sure the floor was cleared, knowing this was gonna be the 10th conversation where Natasha would try to convince you to become an Avenger. “Nat, you’re an assassin, a spy, a fearless, brave woman who, only six weeks ago, was floating on a man made meteorite thousands of feet into the sky fighting a fleet of artificially intelligent robots.” You paused as the woman across from you pulled what you could only read as a ‘yeah, fair enough’ expression. “But more than that, you’re a team player and you were willing to sacrifice yourself up there in order to defeat Ultron, I’m not a team player. I’m a double-up kinda player. I work well with you. I work well with Clint. I do not work well with a big angry green monster, a billionaire made of metal, a capsicle and a God of hammers.” You finished, shrugging.“They’re not as bad as you think, and that’s coming from me who tends to dislike everyone,” she chuckled as she found the microchip tucked away on a fallen Hydra soldier’s body. “But we do have Barton and we have some new people, too, so it’s not like you’ll be alone, it’ll be me doing the training-“ “Let me stop you there,” you started after you let the Director know it was mission accomplished through the earpiece. “First of all, Barton got injured a few minutes into it, so that’s no encouragement,” Nat scoffed at this as you grinned. “As for the new people, you’ve got a weird witch-like lass who shoots wriggly woo’s out of her hands, a walking and talking toaster, a self proclaimed bird-man who flies and a Wish version of Iron Man. Tell me where a 5ft 3inch, 23 year old runaway fits into that?” “Exactly where she needs to, Agent G.” A deeper, firmer voice spoke into the clearing behind you and you turned to see a tall man with an eyepatch and a trench coat. “Director.” You nodded toward him, unsure what huge disaster could drag him out of the Quinjet. Director Fury was usually more of the observer and commander when it came to missions - when he wasn’t covering as pilot or driver. “I rescued you for a reason. Not out of the goodness of my heart but out of the fire in your eyes. This little mission was no coincidence, Coulson could’ve handled these with one hand, and he was stabbed recently.” “So, this was a set up?” You asked incredulously; it was a very ‘Fury’ thing of him to do, so blunt and to-the-point yet so secretive and wary. “No, not a set up. A warm up. An opportunity for conversation, actually - I’ll take that, thanks,” Nat handed him the chip as he put it into a safe container, sliding it back into his trench coat. “You’ve come far with us, Agent G ,but we have no more to offer for improvement. You’ve been a brilliant asset and you will always have a place with us. But you can be better. This is not mandatory, but I can’t think of anywhere better than New York.” You looked down to your doc martens as you suddenly felt an ache in your chest. At 18, you had lost the only family you had to a terminal illness. You had joined something portrayed as ‘human medicine trials’ to find a cure for the awful disease but you’d soon found out it was just a cover for Hydra to conduct experiments for bioter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Reader

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Hydra (Marvel)
Avengers Family

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Reader

