Chapter 1: Theater of Judgement
    




Chapter Text
Darkness.  The room was dark and empty until a burst of golden light filled it.  People appeared, sprawled on the floor. The first to sit up was Thor, then Steve, then all the others awoke, one by one. After the Snap and the war with Thanos, all of the Avengers had gone their separate ways. Everyone had lost someone special to them and they had to find themselves now that their loved ones were gone, each processing grief in their own way. “Is everyone alright?” Steve asked, sitting up and looking around the dark room. “Just peachy, Cap. Where the hell are we?” Clint muttered. “Welcome to the Theater of Judgement.” A raspy female voice that none of them had ever heard before came from the corner of the room. Floating there was some kind of ghostly figure, with pale, frail hands and a dark cloak pulled over her features. She seemed to be a woman, older and more powerful than anything they’d ever seen, with a soft golden glow surrounding her. “My name is Justice. You are here today to bring judgement to the Scarlet Witch. You will watch her life and I will judge whether or not she has suffered enough. But enough of that, let me bring her to you.” Another golden flash of light and Wanda Maximoff was standing there, dressed in a purple and red dress with red eyes and scarlet mist flowing from her hands. She looked older than the Avengers remembered, more in her late 20’s now than the younger girl she’d been when they had all last seen her. “Where am I?” She said, her Sokovian accent faded but still tinting her words. “Peace, Wanda.” Justice said, slowly floating forward with her arms held out. Wanda bowed when she saw the ancient woman in the dark cloak standing before her and the red mist faded away. “A Judgement spirit. I have heard of your kind but I have never seen one in person. I apologize, mistress. What may I call you?” “Rise, my dear. I am Justice. And today, I have brought you a gift but you only get to keep it if you deserve it.” Justice waved her hands and Vision appeared. He looked around in confusion but smiled when he saw her. “It appears we say hello again, Wanda.” Wanda burst into tears. “Oh my God, Vision! Do you remember...” She trailed off nervously, afraid that he didn’t remember their family and their life together in West View. “Yes, I do. I miss them too, love.” He kissed her softly as she melted into him. “I hate to interrupt this tooth-rottingly sweet moment but what the actual fuck are they doing here? More importantly,  how  the fuck are they even alive?! No offence but Vision, you died when Thanos took the Mind Stone! And Wanda, you turned to dust, like, a month ago! And why do you look older?” Tony asked. Wanda frowned, understanding the situation immediately. “Oh, I see. You are all from the year 2018, right after Thanos snapped, yes?” She received nods from the baffled heroes. Wanda took a deep breath. “Well, I’m from the year 2023.” The room filled with a burst of confused chatter. "Are you saying that we've all missed the last 5 years?" Steve looked shocked, blue eyes wide with fear.  The last time he'd been unconscious, he'd woken up to find that his life was gone and that he was alone in a brand new world. This couldn't be happening again. Justice cut in before Steve could start panicking about having lost more time.  “No, Captain. I have taken you all out of your original times to come to my Sacred Theater of Judgement. When I have finished with you all, you will be returned back to the moment I took you from and none of your companions will even know that you were gone.” Thor raised his hand, gaining snickers from Tony at the mildly childlike behavior. Justice smiled, gesturing for him to proceed with his question. “Lady Justice, once we return to our times, will we be able to change the future? Will we remember what we saw?” Justice’s smile dimmed. “Yes, King Thor, you will remember what happened here. However, there is a special charm I have placed upon this room. Most of the things that I am going to show you have happened, will happen and  must happen. This spell ensures that, despite your knowledge of the future, the outcome of any and all major events will be exactly the same as it would have been, had I not brought you here.” Natasha looked thoughtful. “So, why are we here? What exactly is it that made you bring us here and risk the proper flow of time?” “I am here to judge whether or not Wanda deserves this gift.” Justice replied. “What do you mean by deserve?” Natasha asked. “You should all know. You have all done terrible things in your lives and have been fighting  to even it out, to  avenge. Wanda has to do the same to pay her dues and earn her happiness. We will be watching clips of her life over the last bit, in a sitcom show, to see whether she has suffered enough.”  The Avengers didn’t seem too happy about that but they didn’t have much choice. “And if I refuse, mistress? If I leave now and take what I have
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
past Riley/Sam Wilson - Relationship

freeform: 
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Wanda Maximoff is not a bad guy
avengers watch the movies
WandaVision TV show based
Angst
Fluff
Whump
Avengers Family
Avengers react
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Feelings
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Time Travel
Characters watch the movies
Characters React to Fandom
Memories
Emotional Hurt
Reunions
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Canonical Character Death
Mutual Pining
Emotions
Pining
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Feelings Realization
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Unresolved Romantic Tension
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Trauma
Anxiety Attacks
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Family Feels
Everything is Beautiful and Everything Hurts
Bad Parenting
Implied Childhood Sexual Abuse
Implied/Referenced Torture
Brothers
Self-Esteem Issues
Canon-Typical Violence
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Suicidal Thoughts

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
past Riley/Sam Wilson - Relationship

