Work Text:
The only good thing about Bucky’s metal arm (besides the strength and power, but that didn’t really count) was that it was his left arm.If it had been Bucky’s right arm, it might have ruined him.His soulmate mark was on his right arm.It was an arrow, stretching from his shoulder to his wrist, all along the back of his arm.He cherished that mark for as long as he could remember, displaying it proudly when he was young, a mark, a reminder to everyone, you are not enough for me. I have a soulmate.When he went to war, his hand would automatically go to his wrist and rub at the arrowhead, a promise that he would make it out alive and find his soulmate.When he died that promise was broken and he couldn’t find them.When he was resurrected, a broken mind and a broken heart but a new arm, he saw his mark and the part of his brain that remembered cried out a fragile hallelujah.After all, what sort of person would be able to stomach what he was now? A fragment, a ghost.But he still found solace in his mark.And when Steve found him, brought him in, reminded him, piece by piece, a new hope bloomed. A new chance.There was still pain. Nightmares, panic, walls to break down, brick by brick. For a long time, it was one step forward, two steps back.And then, one day, it wasn’t so hard.Well, it was still hard, but there was progress.At least, he was breaking even.Steve asked him if he wanted to meet his friends, said he didn’t have to if he didn’t want to, but they’d been asking and since he’d been making progress, maybe it’d be a good idea to make some new-Bucky had cut him off at that point with a smile and a yes.So, after a while, after making sure everyone would be okay, and everything was safe, Steve had his friends over.They could have gone to Avengers Tower, but Steve thought it would be better if Bucky was in a place he felt safe.First came Natasha, who Bucky knew and she talked in a calm soothing voice that combated the fact that she emanated danger.Then Bruce, who was soft and kind and sat close to Natasha like she was an anchor. Bucky trusted him, though he sensed there was something within Bruce that wasn’t altogether human.Then there was Sam, who was pretty cool, with a “would do anything for you” vibe.Next came Tony, who was boisterous and sarcastic but who was obviously trying to remain calm and civil. Still, he couldn’t catch himself all the time and while Natasha shot him warning looks, Bucky appreciated his crass and lack of special treatment.Then there was Thor, who made Bucky jump about a mile in the air when he first spoke but had one of the most purely happy smiles he had ever seen. He was hard not to like, even with his loud presence.Lastly, about an hour late, walked in a sandy haired man with the strongest looking arms Bucky had ever seen.“Bucky,” Steve stood and put an arm around the man’s shoulder with a smile. “This is Clint.”Clint smiled and held out a hand.Natasha sucked in a breath through her teeth and Sam made little shaking motions with his head.Bucky ignored their warnings and stood up, taking Clint’s hand and shaking it.A spark shot through their hands and Bucky hesitated to let it go.Nonetheless, he had to drop it and sit down while Steve sat next to him.“So you guys are all the Avengers?” Bucky asked.“Honorary,” Sam raised his hand. “Might become more official soon.”“Any chance you’ll be joining us?” The guy named Clint grinned and raised an eyebrow, popping some of the popcorn Steve had put out in his mouth.“Clint,” Natasha hissed but Bucky smiled back.“Not really my style,” Bucky said.Clint shrugged. “Too bad.”The air was tense as Bucky and Clint locked eyes and the rest of the group sat awkwardly.“So Bucky,” Bruce said. “How have you been finding things?”It was noticeably vague and Bucky struggled with an answer.“Depends on the day,” Bucky tossed some popcorn in his mouth.Clint snorted. “Know that feeling.”Everybody’s heads slowly swiveled towards him, a warning in Natasha’s eyes.Bucky grinned. “One step forward-”“And two steps back.” Clint finished.They stared at each other, smiles lingering around their lips.Natasha stood up. “Why don’t we get dinner started?Steve and Bruce went to help her cook while Sam, Tony, and Thor went to sit at the dining room table to talk.Clint moved closer to Bucky, sliding across the couch. “Hi.”Bucky grinned. “Hi.”“So,” Clint raised an eyebrow. “This arm is pretty bitchin.’”Bucky barked a laugh, which caused everyone in the kitchen to snap their gaze to the pair.Bucky stared them down until they grudgingly looked away.“That’s nothing,” Bucky said proudly, rolling up his sleeve. “My mark is on the other arm.”He held out his arm, displaying his arrow.Clint stared at it, eyes wide and mouth agape.“That’s...” Clint trailed off. He reached out and trailed his fingertips across Bucky’s forearm.“Yeah,” Bucky said softly. “It’s really gotten me through a lot.” He looked up at Clint. “You’re easy to talk to.”“Bucky...” Clint whispered. “I favor my right
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
seriously it's so fluffy i can hardly stand it
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

