Chapter 1: thank u, next
    


Summary:

Three months later



Notes:
here we go with the third installment of this series.hey, we're almost at the halfpoint, clap for all of us!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


 
Earth-200207: February 2001
Toni eyed the proposal in front of her with open intrigue. It was certainly an interesting read, and the medical applications for it would be incredible, if it worked.And Toni knew for sure that it  would work, because it had worked in the future past. Except, in the future past, this particular innovation, that would later on be used for MRI machines, had not come until 2009, and it definitely had not come from Stark Industries.Toni had not purposefully snatched amazing scientists and doctors from the competition. She had not gone  looking for anyone (with the glaring exceptions of Professor Yinsen and Doctor Wu), but the thing about Stark Industries opening a medical division at the beginning of the Millennium and becoming a billion dollar company at the same time, with Toni pioneering the advancement, was that it made people want to work for her.It made people think anything Toni Stark touched was gonna be the next big thing and made them want to get involved in said next big thing.So Toni was now sitting with future Nobel Prize for medicine Doctor Lucille Vanguard and trying to decide whether to scream in delight or shake in fear of how much the timeline was changing.Because it was. Small little details - Stark Industries was competing with Nokia on the phone market, it wasn’t selling weapons anymore, medical miracles that were not supposed to be discovered yet were being diagnosed. Seemingly small details that compounded together were like thousands of little butterflies all flapping their wings at the same time.She knew the timeline was not  exactly the same as the one she came from, but she had thought her foreknowledge would help her more. Sister realities, that’s what she had been told.But...“So?” asked Vanguard, and Toni forced a smile on her face.Did she really have a choice? If she said no, in an attempt to preserve the timeline, she was condemning thousands of people to die for things that  could have been found out earlier on. And there was still the chance that Vanguard would simply try and break her contract, find a competitor and make them finance her research instead.If she said yes, she was saving people and making more money (saving the world didn’t come for free, after all). The answer was easy.“I think this is marvellous, Doctor Vanguard,” she said, her smile growing when the young scientists grinned, standing back on her feet.“Oh my god, thank you so much, Doctor Stark. I won’t disappoint you!” she said, and Toni winked at her, as she passed her papers back to her.“I know you won’t. Just make sure you mention me when you win a Nobel Prize for this,” she said, making the woman laugh and blush as she scurried out of the room.Ah, if she knew.Once the woman left, Toni opened her laptop to check what was next on her schedule. The device was far sleeker than most models on the market right now, and thus not in production yet. Very few people had even seen it, and to the ones who had, Toni just told that it was a ‘prototype’ and ‘still in beta phase’, when the truth was that she had absolutely no time for how slow things were in the early 2000s.Before she could actually check said e-mails, however, the door opened once more and a strawberry blonde woman strode inside, a serious expression on her face and a small box in her hands.Toni felt a twinge of longing and pain in her heart, even as she beamed at the woman in front of her. “Pepper!”Pepper made a face at that. “Must you call me that? My name is Virginia.”Yes. Pepper.Virginia “Pepper” Potts.A stiffer, more professional, and far colder Pepper, but Pepper never the least.
Earth-200207: December 2000
Toni had not been meaning to go look for Pepper.In fact, Toni had been pretty sure of the fact that she had no interest in going to look for Pepper. Because no one had ever accused Tony Stark of being well-adjusted and Toni Stark was just doing a good job at pretending that, to this day, she didn’t still have nightmares from the timeline she came from.Nightmares of Peter, of Rhodey.Of Pepper.Pepper was part of what she had left, and if Rhodey - her best friend of a lifetime that they had  yet to live, when they met - had been hard, then gods knew how hard  she would be.So Toni had resigned herself to the fact that she would see and care for her from afar, but would not involve Pepper’s life in the nightmare that was gonna be coming for Earth in a few years. She’d treat Pepper simply as she would any other person working for SI. Easy.That was what she had decided to do, and Toni had planned on sticking to it. Had been sure that she’d manage it - after all, it was a big company.But apparently the Universe had a different idea, because out of all the pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Hope Van Dyne

freeform: 
Time Travel
Do-Over
Sister Reality
Reincarnation
Kinda
Female Tony Stark
Female Tony
Soul travel
Worldbuilding
Male-Female Friendship
Maria Stark Lives
Maria Stark's Good Parenting
Post-Break Up
Infinity Stones
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Unplanned Pregnancy
Heartbreak
Parent Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Needs a Hug
Mother-Daughter Relationship
Peggy Carter is Tony Stark's Godparent
Tony Stark and Hope Van Dyne Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Sharon Carter & Tony Stark are cousins
Platonic Soulmates
minor Loki/Sigyn - Freeform
BAMF Tony Stark
Hulk Needs a Hug
Protective Hulk (Marvel)
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Pining
Song Lyrics
Cause toni is a lowkey a mess
Betrayal
Iron Man 1
The Ten Rings (Marvel)
Threats
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Reunions
BAMF Hope Van Dyne
Timeline Shenanigans
Hydra (Marvel)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Hope Van Dyne

