Chapter 1: Things Round Here Have Changed
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Sometimes Steve liked to sit still, sketch pad in his lap and charcoal clutched in his fingers, and gaze over the Manhattan skyline.  It helped, gazing over the buildings, trying to determine what was new, what was old, what had been remodeled, and what had been knocked down.  It was therapeutic in a way that none of his grief and adjustment councilors had helped (maybe because he had never attended more than one session with each new one that was recommended).  Maybe it was easier, seeing the changes to a skyline that had been so familiar from across the river, instead of in the faces of people he had never known.
 
His fingers were black with charcoal, and occasionally he mistook it for the smoke of burned bodies.
 
“Somethin’ eatin’ you Cap?” came a sly voice, starling Steve from his musings.  “Making Captain America sad must be against the constitution.”
 
Steve smiled in spite of himself.  “No, Tony.  It’s not illegal to be lost in thought.”
 
Tony’s eyes widened comically, leaning over the back of Steve’s armchair, hair dangling so much that any closer and Steve would probably be sneezing.  “Oh, and I’m not ever thinking?  It’s kind of my day job.”  He smelled of hot metal, and grease, and orange.
 
“Yes, but you don’t have a filter.  You always say just what you’re thinking, so there’s never any mistaking your mood.”
 
Tony grinned up through curly lashes, and wow, Howard’s eighteen year-old son was probably the biggest surprise the future held.
 
Howard, after realizing he had no heir, had married a scandalously young wife in the early nineties.  Tony had been the product of the horrendously mismatched couple.  Howard and Maria had only cooperated in private until Tony’s conception.  Tony had been born into a house with estranged parents in 1994, who stayed married only for appearances.  The reports Steve had read said that Howard had been largely absent, and while Maria had tried, it hadn’t added up to much.  She’d been too broken. 
 
Tony had been sent to boarding school at the age of seven, and had been home for the summer after he turned fifteen, planning on heading to MIT in the fall, when a drunken Howard had rammed the car he and Maria had been driving back from a gala of some sort into a tree.  At fifteen, Tony had been orphaned and became head of a company he had never been trained to handle.
 
Obadiah Stane, Howard’s business partner and heir presumptive until Tony’s birth, had taken control and had encouraged Tony to head to MIT while still producing inventions for Stark Industries.  A year later, and after an incident of kidnapping that Steve still hadn’t been debriefed on, Tony had built the Iron Man suit and had taken over from Stane, who had mysteriously disappeared.
 
At sixteen, Tony had to drop out of university to take over his hated father’s company.  At sixteen, with the arc reactor embedded in his chest, Tony became Iron Man, the teenage nuclear deterrent.
 
By seventeen, Tony had tenuously established himself as the head of SI, with the handpicked Pepper Potts operating what he was not legally allowed to until he turned twenty-one.  He had successfully been operating the armor for a year before the Invasion.
 
Now, at eighteen, he was one of the Avengers, something Steve could tell Tony was immensely proud of, no matter how much he brushed it off.
 
But all of his back story was difficult to reconcile with the teenager in front of him.  At ease as he moved away from Steve’s chair and sprawled onto the couch cushions, leg thrown carelessly over the arm.  Easy smile on his lips, eyebrows quirked in such a way that implied his tremendous intelligence.  But there were lines where there shouldn’t be, worry lines that Steve had never formed even growing up in the heart of the Depression.  He sounded so weary as he softly murmured:
 
“You know me so well, Cap.”
 
It stung as Tony shifted, trying to find the best crevice to embed himself in.  It stung that Tony thought Steve wouldn’t care, that Steve didn’t think he was worth knowing.
 
“Why wouldn’t I want to know you?”
 
Tony froze from where he was shoving a pink-and-orange striped sock between to cushions.  “Well, not many people do.”
 
“People don’t want to know Tony Stark.  Tony Stark is a teenager who thinks he’s better than everyone, rubs his intelligence in other people’s faces, and is an asshole because he’s rich enough so he can be.”
 
“There better be a ‘but’.”
 
“But Tony, the teenager who has somehow become both a leader in several industries and a superhero in the time it takes most to get really good SAT scores.  Tony is complete dork who has a stupid little inventing dance.”
 
“I am not a dork.  You are a dork; I am a nerd.”
 
“Sure, Tony.”
 
Tony sighed, sifting restlessly.  “Whacha’ drawing?  Please tell me Captain America draws naked ladies.  Or gentlemen.”  He waggled his eyebrows.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Teen! Tony
Age Difference
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Hurt Tony
Masturbation
Mutual Pining
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Really small though
Domestic
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Underage Drinking
Bottom Tony
Irish Steve
Steve also makes a surprising amount of soup

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

