Work Text:
Roger Harrington has been arranging a field trip for the Academic decathlon team for a while now.Somehow, all their field trips ended in… disaster.So, he wanted this year's field trip to be the best. As such, he emailed and messaged Stark Industries for a spot on their tour week.
Subject: Tour Group for the Academic Decathlon TeamFrom: Mary Royle (mary_royle@stark.industries.us)To: Roger Harrington (roger_harrington@midtown.edu.us)Good afternoon, Mr. Harrington. This is Mary Royle, the intern head of the HR department of Stark Industries. I am emailing to inform you that your request for a tour in Stark Industries has been approved. Attached here is the tentative schedule of events, date and time, and other relevant information you need to send within the week. To confirm, please reply in the next 24 hours. Thank you and have a good day.[Attached: Midtown_schedule.pdf, NDA.pdf, name_info.pdf]
Opening his email and seeing the message, Roger jumps up in joy, surprising the surrounding teachers in the faculty room. Sheepishly rubbing his neck, he sits down and types up a reply.This was going to be a good fieldtrip.Hopefully.
Meanwhile, in SI, all the intern heads were currently in a meeting. Hell Week starts in 2 days and they needed to iron out all the details.Since SI announced all the changes after the civil war fiasco, they introduced Hell Week.To make sure that the security of Stark Industries would not be compromised, HR decided to reserve a week for every four months dedicated to tour groups and other events involving outsiders. This way, SI would only need to up the security for a week every four months instead of regularly.It worked for the company. There weren't any incidents like last year.However, for the interns? The week quickly became known as Hell Week. All interns were going to cycle through the various tasks required, like the touring, Q&A, arranging, etc. As such, they were all miserable.Currently, they were in meeting room Alpha discussing what to do for the first day.In the center of it all, Tony Stark sits in the middle of the long table. All participants in the meeting are staring at the projected screen of an StarkPhone and specific email. Locking eyes with each other, they let out identical cackles.They had heard Peter was being bullied at school by some kid and was too much of a goody-two-shoes to do anything about it. He, obviously, didn't plan to do anything about it.They concluded that they would have to do it themselves.That's why, they decided to dedicate the first day to Midtown High.Normally Hell Week was a pain in the ass but this?Oh this was going to be good. 
Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick. Ti-Covering his ears, Peter glares at that bastard of a digital clock. For the past few minutes, he'd been hearing the damn thing tick tick ticking and it was starting to get on his nerves.Right now, he had a class with Ms. Warren who, though was usually sort of interesting, was currently droning on and on and on and on on a, quite frankly, easy topic. (Read: It wasn't an easy topic. Everyone didn't know what the hell was going on. Peter was just too oblivious to notice.) He was bored out of his mind. So bored, in fact, that he started stealthily drawing a caricature of his teacher.It was supposed to be a life-like drawing but alas, Peter wasn't destined to be the next Leonardo da Vinci. Thus, he settled with calling it a caricature.It looked nothing like Ms. Warren.While he was drawing his caricature, he failed to notice MJ looking over his shoulder. MJ, the resident artist, was wondering what Peter had been so engrossed in. Turns out, he was drawing a quite frankly disturbing picture of their teacher.It was so disturbing that MJ could only shiver and dazedly stare at the white board.What might have been a short time of dazedly chanting 'what the fuck' as Peter Parker finished his weirdly disturbing picture was, to the class, literally the entire period. Suddenly startled out of her daze, she tuned back into the conversation only to hear Ms. Warren say, "Miss Jones, you are being called to the teachers' lounge. Mr. Harrington has something to discuss with you."Nodding to notify her that she was going to head there after the class, MJ started packing up. Its nearing the time of year for the team field trip.Walking towards the lounge, MJ couldn't help but wonder where. Hopefully it wasn't going to be as disastrous as the past ones.
She takes it back.This fieldtrip was going to be disastrous.Where were they going? Where else."We're going to Stark Industries in two days." Passing out the consent forms, NDAs and other needed documents, she continued. "Yes, yes. It's exciting or whatever. Quiet down. I'm passing out the relevant documents that you need to pass tomorrow. Understand?"The team nodded their understanding, but MJ wasn't satisfied. "I don't think you heard me. Peter. You need to pass this tomorrow. Un-der-stand?"The boy in question, Peter, was currently miserably staring out the w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Betty Brant & Cindy Moon

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Flash Thompson being an Asshole
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Heir
Peter Parker is the heir of Stark Industries
Intimidating Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Betty Brant & Cindy Moon

