Chapter 1: The Baby Proof Protocol
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter had been testing some new Iron Man gadgets when it had happened. Really he knew he should have been in a testing lab, and wearing the appropriate safety equipment, but wasn’t and he didn’t. The stupid thing had exploded next to some other flammable equipment and the whole thing got out of hand pretty quick. F.R.I.D.A.Y was pretty quick to fix what she could but when Mr Stark came running into Peter’s lab to see him half unconscious, blood in his hair, and half the lab on fire the damage had been done.
Peter spent the rest of the day in med bay being checked over by Dr Cho. His Aunt had come in a few hours later, one of the agreements was that she be alerted by the AI anytime Peter was hurt. It hadn’t really been Stark's fault but he got the brunt of her yelling anyway. He didn’t mind knowing she was only as worried as he was. Tony sent her packing on a relaxing spa holiday as an apology, promising that Peter wouldn’t step foot into a lab until she was back. Since marrying Pepper his apologies had gotten a lot better. 
That had been a week ago and May was not due back for another week, Peter has been going stir crazy and about ready to try and get Ned to see if he could hack FRIDAY. The team always liked to treat him as the baby of the team and apparently a slight head injury was enough to kick that into overdrive. Clint had even let him win at Mario kart for Thor’s sake!
Stark had mixed feelings about the ‘baby proof protocol’, on the one hand he was glad Peter was safe. The kid couldn’t go testing weapons in small enclosed spaces like that, who did he think he was? Tony? But he did miss having the kid to chat to in the workshop. He could have the kid sit in while he worked, but that seemed a little too cruel. Tony thought about working on some cars together later in the week, though skirting around his agreement with May would probably just annoy her again. He was glad she was taking a break, she worked too hard and worried even more. Peter might have the Avengers now, but for May Peter was kind of it for family. The idea that he was swinging around the city and getting shot at helping people was doing nothing good for her heart. The least Tony could do was make Peter as safe as possible, they both knew they could never stop him from helping people.
The protocol also restricted his patrolling duties, Tony was quick to point out that this was as much for May’s peace of mind as it was a punishment for Peter being reckless. He could go out but another Avenger had to be on coms with him the whole time and ready to assist should things get out of hand. It hadn’t been too bad, a quiet week for NYC all things considered. Most nights he spent on the top of skyscrapers chatting to his teammates getting to know them all better. Steve and Bucky had told him stories before the war, all the ways the world had changed. Peter had never been into history much but he guessed that hearing first hand personal accounts was a hell of a lot different to a teacher reading directly from a textbook with a voice that could make even Tony go to sleep. Nat and Clint like to tell him government secrets. He wasn’t sure if finding out all the dirty laundry of various government officials and higher ups in S.H.I.E.L.D would be considered government secrets or not but it was interesting. What he really learnt was that for all he was underestimated, Clint was still a spy and a good one at that. His patrol the night before had been with Wanda, she had mostly been quiet but once he passed a dog he heard a little ‘aw’ from her end of the coms. He made sure to find as many dogs as possible that night and gave them all lots of pets for her. 
While May was away Peter had been staying at the Tower, this week it was about to get a hell of a lot more crowded as everyone assembled. The superheroes weren’t always known for being the best team players, so they created a week long event where they all trained together. Peter was looking forward to it, they trained and worked together during the day and then at night they played games, partied, and told stories. May would be back at the end of the week and he would get permission to go back into the labs before everyone arrived so he could show off the new tech he had been working on for a bunch of them. He had wanted to do more, and would have put up more of a fight about the baby proof protocol, but when he saw Mays face he couldn’t. She had looked so scared. He knew she hated the idea of patrols but the thought that he could get hurt in such a highly protected building by his own stupidity was a little much. So he would be good, especially because Tony said if he tried to break protocol he would ground him, and he was pretty sure May would let him.
Peter wasn’t looking forward to school tomorrow, he only had a few more weeks till he graduated but he didn’t need his spi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Redemption
Kinda
Not Canon Compliant
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
No Angst
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Domestic Avengers
Domestic Fluff
Avengers Family

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

