Chapter 1: Consequence of Sounds
    


Summary:

Finding a compromise between nearly a dozen superheroes and the entirety of the United Nations was a...difficult task, to say the least. Difficult, but not impossible. But with the Accords eventually handled and the Avengers sticking together as a team, the world can remain well protected. Things are going smoothly until a string of robberies and murders comes back with ties to HYDRA, and the Avengers are thrown back into a war they'd thought was long since won.Meanwhile, HYDRA is rebuilding itself using research stolen from Oscorp with the help of their newest threat - Asset 1562, the boy once known as Peter Parker.But what happens when their supposed weapon meets the heroes? Things don't always go as planned when it comes to the Avengers.



Notes:
Hello! Welcome to my first ever fanfic! Yeah, that’s strangely scary to me… Anyway, I hope you enjoy my little ‘what if’ series, I’m having a blast writing for these characters that I love so dearly.A few things to note as we get started here! This series will treat everything UP TO Civil War as canon, but the movie itself breaks my heart, so that’s where the rewrites begin… As you can guess from the tags and summary, Spider-Man is just not a thing in this timeline. New York is home to the Avengers Tower, where our heroes live, and I’ll probably include the upstate Compound at some point because I love the idea, and Nick Fury is still around doing his thing for the team. All non-English used here has been (likely horribly) translated via Google Translate, because I am sadly not multilingual. Please forgive me for the inevitable mistakes, I just couldn’t bring myself to put things in English that shouldn’t be. There will be translations for everything in the notes at the end!Last but not least, each chapter (as well as the series itself) is the title of a song by Regina Spektor. She’s by far my favorite musician and songwriter, and every one of her pieces tells a story. As I picked through lyrics, it just seemed to fit… So while not technically necessary for the story, I hope you enjoy the little snippets of her music that I’ve added before and after each chapter! If you want to know more about why I picked certain songs or lines, leave a comment~ I like chatting!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

The weather report keeps on
Tossing and turning,
Predicting and warning,
And warning and warning of,
Possibly it could be news publications and,
Possibly it could be news TV stations.
- Regina Spektor, Consequence of Sounds
—————————————Finding a compromise between nearly a dozen superheroes and the entirety of the United Nations was a...difficult task, to say the least. Difficult, but not impossible.And that’s what the Accords were for the Avengers - difficult. After the chaos of Sokovia and everything that followed, the world nearly saw an end to the team of heroes. It was all over the news, of course; the terrorist attack, the casualties, and then the quick input of one Thaddeus Ross and the United Nations. For a while, the world was without its usual saviors as they were forced through the wringer. Meetings, debates, and near-wars among the Avengers themselves, as the documents that would seal their fates were torn apart and glued back together one day at a time. But then, it’s hard to really break apart a family like theirs. Sure, Tony and Steve were known to butt heads - a lot - but even they had the capability to talk things out when their family was on the line. Between keeping the Avengers together, keeping them out there saving the world, and getting Bucky Barnes the help he both needed and deserved, the Accords were worth it. Accountability, in some way or another, was worth it.And so, after too many meetings and too much arguing, they were finalized and signed by over 100 nations across the world. The Avengers would remain, and they would continue to fight threats big and small - even if the big threats required them to jump through a few extra hoops along the way.—————————————

New York, Avengers Tower, Floor 96, Tony’s Private Lab

November 5, 2015, Thursday, 1:46 a.m.
Tony Stark sits hunched over one of his gauntlets in his personal lab, wires pulled and sparking under his careful touch. His lips are pursed around a thin screwdriver and his brow is pulled down in thought as he reroutes the systems of the damaged blasters.Things had gotten a little out of hand today - a follow up on a sighting of alien tech led to a nasty fight near Time Square, and now, one accidentally flattened building and half a dozen frustrating arrests later, the Avengers had returned to the Tower to nurse their wounds. Bucky had ended up in the medbay needing a few stitches, with Steve sticking to him like glue as usual, while Sam and Clint had claimed the couches in the penthouse for a breather. Natasha had retired to her room a few floors down for a brief nap, Rhodey was off 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hydra Peter Parker
Hydra (Marvel)
Canon-Typical Violence
Domestic Avengers
Explicit Language
do people tag for that?
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
the original characters are all HYDRA agents
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Wanda and Vision are here too!
just not for a long time whoops
Harley Keener shows up a couple times too
Rated For Violence

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

