Work Text:
Tony Stark was warm.
That in and out of itself was a small miracle and a wonderful discovery as he slowly and reluctantly blinked himself awake. His room, another surprise as he had actually awakened in his own bed for once, was still pitch in darkness. A peek behind his shoulder confirmed that the reason for the darkness laid on the fact that his blinds were still tightly shut not letting one iota of light in. Burrowing into his blanket he hummed happily. He rarely, if ever, woke up warm. For some unknown reason since Afghanistan he had trouble generating his own body heat. One would think that the arc reactor would provide some warmth, but no, it was just a fantastic nightlight and power source for his suit, with the added bonus of keeping him alive of course, but it only left him cold.
He had tried everything, electric blanket (very uncomfortable and at time way too warm), another body against his (very rare since the only person he had ever trust to stay the night was Pepper and they had broken up), extra layers of clothes (very uncomfortable as he had always been use to sleeping in the nude) and all the other tricks that had been recommended to him by close friends (Pepper, Rhodey and Happy) over the years. But nothing ever seemed to work or was too uncomfortable to actually sleep; only feeding his insomnia. If Rhodey was in town he gladly accepted to sleep in the same bed as his best friend sharing his body heat, but Pepper had revoked his cuddling right with the end of their relationship… somehow he had never asked Happy.
Most of the time he would be so exhausted that being cold didn’t actually bother him that much. He would however always wake up shivering, his lips slightly blue and would only have slept for a couple of hours. So at this very moment wrapped in his blanket and comfortably warm he was in heaven.  Daring to reach one hand out of the blanket he grabbed his phone and blinked slowly at the time shown to him. This couldn’t be right…
He had slept more than twelve hours.
This couldn’t be real; he only ever slept an average of four to five hours on a good night (if he didn’t just pass out from exhaustion in his workshop). He had built his phone so it couldn’t be wrong, he wasn’t one to doubt his own tech after all… but still just in case.
“J?” Even his voice was lazy and still ruff with sleep, he never slept long enough for this to happen.
“Yes Master Stark?” His AI had smugness in his voice clearly enjoying his creator confusion.
“How long was I asleep?” Damn his voice was sexy in the morning he should record himself.
“You have slept exactly thirteen hours, twenty five minutes and forty two seconds sir. It is if I might add the longest you have ever slept since my creation sir.” Oh yeah the bastard was smug.
Looking down at his blanket he notices that it was tenting in the middle of the bed close to his stomach. He knew he wasn’t small, but that was definitely not morning wood. Moving his leg up, his skin came in contact with a warm solid metal feeling object. He was pretty sure he hadn’t brought any part of his suit to bed with him and it definitely wouldn’t have been this warm. Curiosity taking over the genius finally pulled the blanket up and frown at what was revealed.
Thor`s hammer, Mjölnir, was in the middle of his mattress, emitting warmth like it was… happy. He wasn’t sure how a hammer could feel happy but this one definitely felt very very happy to be there. Not that he could actually complain that the Asgardian God’s weapon had decided to share his bed… he wasn’t even sure if the hammer was sentient enough to understand him. But what was perplexing him, was that little A. his door was still close and whole so someone must have let it in and little B. Thor was still on his trip to Asgard and had just left the day before. Looking toward the ceiling to ask the only avenger who never slept and had eyes everywhere in the tower (yes Jarvis was an avenger and he dared anyone to try and prove he wasn’t) and spoke slowly his mind still trying to find answers to his questions.
“Jarvis what is Mjölnir doing in my bed? But more importantly, how did it get here?”
“Mister Odinson’s hammer crashed through the balcony window late last night and made its way to your door.  I felt it would be better your door integrity to let it in, as it seemed about to make an overture for itself.” What he knew the AI was leaving out was that he hadn’t perceived the God of Thunder’s hammer as a treat to its creator. As for how the hammer had made its way under his covers would have to be seen on his room footage at a later date.
“Is Thor already back from Asgard?” He couldn’t understand why the hammer was here if Thor was still in his own realm. He did recall the big blond thundering on in his loud voice about bringing Jane Foster with him this time, so he could introduce her as his soul mate (or something equally cheesy or Shakespearian).
“There was an energy reading signaling the arrival from Asgard b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Mjolnir/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Thor is clueless
I have no excuse for this
just for fun
Fluff
bromance Clint/Tony for life
Food
Taking care of Tony
mostly Mjolnir and Tony
seriously Thor is barely there
Mjolnir is amazing
just because
Yes beta

fandom: 
Mjolnir/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor

