Chapter 1: A New Life
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
When Harry's memories came back to him from his previous life, he was roughly three years old and already as independent as he remembered from his previous life. By five years old he knew what Death had meant when he said this life was going to be different than his past. Not only could Harry feel his vastly large core inside his chest, where magic just needed a flick of thought and would spring into action, but his appearance was far different than his previous life.Gone the dark black hair, in came the brown hair that under certain lighting looked slightly red. His cheekbones lost the aristocratic look he inherited from James Potter and became defined, but also slightly soft looking. His hair, which used to be a bird's nest, now laid softly on top of his head, nearly as straight as an arrow even with the slight curls at the end. Even though he kept his emerald green eyes, as Harry looked into the mirror, he had a feeling James Potter was not his father in this life.Of course, this was also made abundantly aware when Harry had gotten in trouble for taking apart the microwave (he was curious okay, how did they work!) and after getting a black-eye courtesy of his uncle, he had been told by his aunt to clean up the attic that he didn't even know  existed  in the small house.Slowly going through the dusty boxes that were in the attic was a slow process, one that wore down his arms that have been tired from their earlier chores, and his throat feeling like he was choking on itself as dust kept getting breathed in. But then he found something particular in one of the boxes, one labeled as  L.E Throw Away in the far back of the attic under two other boxes.Biting his lip, Harry pushed all other boxes aside and slowly opened the box, his magic pulling him toward it along with his previous knowledge that L.E was probably Lily Evans, his mother. Feeling his lip tremble as he opened the box that revealed what seemed like memories, perceived in the dusty attic.The first couple of things on top seemed like spell books that Harry carefully took out of the box, and instead of pushing them aside as he thought about doing since he's already read them, he sat back and opened the book. Its spine creaking from not having been opened recently, but the pages still seemed in pristine condition, like nothing has touched them in years.It was a potions text, Harry realized as he looked over the title page of the book because unlike the inside the outside was completely ruined in what Harry now assumes in potions ingredients, so the title was ruined. Flipping the pages, Harry was surprised to note the writing that dotted each page. His hand crept down the page slowly, his fingers linger with each word. This was his mother's handwriting, her words, that she had taken because clearly, she enjoyed potions.Every now and again he noted the words  Sev  ever now and again, reminding Harry that he was his mother's best friend, and it was obvious the two shared the same interest in potions. For a moment, Harry felt a pang of regret for his old professor, who clearly adored his best friend, who became bitter with age as she fell in love with his childhood tormentor. Because that was exactly what James was, even when he married Lily, you don't change overnight, and Harry knew without a doubt his father was still probably a bully, but it was just more hidden.Stopping at the end of the first chapter, Harry closed the book to look into more and pulled out the other spellbook and was about to look through it before something else caught his eye. It was a slightly gray book that had a blossomed Lily etched on the front. Pushing aside some of the dust, Harry noted the gray turned slightly whiter and realized it was covered in dirt. Biting his lip, Harry pulled it out of the box and let it rest in his lap.Opening the front, he realized exactly what the book was, it was a diary or journal, but more specifically, it was his mother's life right in front of him."Get down here, Freak, and start dinner!" A voice shouted by the entrance of the attic. Shoving the spellbooks back into the box, Harry shoved the journal underneath his giant shirt and secured it to his belted pants before scurrying down the ladder."Coming, Aunt Petunia," Harry shouted as he closed the attic, his heart pounding at his latest discovery."What have I said about shouting, Freak!" His aunt screeched in reply as Harry flinched.Merlin, he forgot how bad the Dursley's really were. By the time he was in Hogwarts, his aunt and uncle's behavior had been fully repressed and he never really thought about what they did to him as abuse, but relieving this life, especially in a child's body that didn't get enough to eat, was certainly an eye-opener.Enough so that the distrust in others, in adults, was starting to creep back onto him along with flinching from anyone that might suddenl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Good Loki (Marvel)
Harry Potter is Tony Stark's Child
Magically Powerful Harry Potter
Child Harry Potter
Master of Death Harry Potter
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Tony stark is a good father
Civil War Fix-It
Avengers: Age of Ultron Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Reincarnation
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Abused Harry Potter
Mechanical Harry Potter
Smart Harry Potter
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Harry Taught Magic From Loki Strange and Death
Fluff
lots of fluff
Italian Tony Stark
Tony Stark Can Cook
Because His Italian Mother Taught Him

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

