Chapter 1: A Chaotic Night
    




Chapter Text

-James Barnes-

 

He can feel the motorcycle vibrating beneath him as he revs the engine. He fires a single shot, driving the car off the road. It’s dark, and the area is deserted. Perfect. He spots a surveillance camera, no witnesses, it will have to be destroyed.  

His orders are simple. Kill Howard Stark. Take the formula. Leave no witnesses alive. The Asset climbs off the motorcycle, and approaches the car, gravel crunching under his feet. The driver has been thrown from the vehicle, and is lying on the ground.

“Help my wife.” The target says, “Please. Help.” The asset strides over, and grabs him by the hair.

Stop, a voice inside him screams. 

“Sergeant Barnes?” Howard asks, turning pleading eyes on the man. There’s blood on his face. The asset raises his fist. 

“Howard!” A woman’s voice cries. No witnesses. He swings his fist forward into Howard’s face. 

No, the voice cries. 

“Howard!” The woman cries out again. The asset shoves Howard’s body back into the driver’s seat, face against the steering wheel. He does not check to make sure the man is dead; he has never been ordered to. 

The woman whimpers, as he walks around the car, momentarily visible as he passes in front of the headlights. The woman has blood on her face when he grabs her by the throat. She gasps for air, as his hand tightens, struggling uselessly against him. 

Eventually she stops struggling. Retrieve the formula. The asset forces the trunk of the car all the way open, and grabs the metal case out of the trunk. He opens it quickly to confirm the contents.

“Mission Complete.” He informs the handler, raising his gun to fire a single shot into the surveillance camera. No witnesses. 

“Return to the rendezvous point.” The handler orders, he’s new. The Asset does not remember what happened to the previous handler.
James Barnes wakes up in a cold sweat in an overly comfortable bed. James Barnes, not The Asset. James Barnes.“Fuck.” He grumbles, grabbing onto his notebook and jotting down every detail he can remember about his dream.He knows it’s a memory, these days it seems like all of his dreams are memories. His little book, filled with a list of crimes Hydra ordered him to commit. He’s halfway through writing it all down, still not fully awake, when a word pops out at him. Stark.“Shit.” He growls, throwing the book down, and reaching for the phone Mr. Stark gave him. It only takes a moment to pull up the contact list, Tony Stark’s name staring at him from the screen. His thumb hovers over the dial button. “I hate my life.” He presses it.“Isn’t it midnight for you?” Mr. Stark asks, picking up after a single ring. He sounds annoyed which is odd, it isn’t too late in New York yet.“I think I killed your parents.” James says, and his voice is still rough from sleep. There’s a car alarm going off in the background.“Listen, now’s not really a good time.” Mr. Stark says, and he sounds distracted. Did he not hear him?“But-“ James starts to argue.“I’ll call you back.” There’s a click as Tony Stark hangs up on him. Tony Stark hangs up on his parents’ murderer. James stares at the phone for a moment longer, and then sets it down, deciding to wait for the call.The part of him that wants to survive considers running, but he’s been running for a long time now, maybe it’s time to face the music. If anyone can keep people safe from him, it’s Tony Stark.He finishes writing down what happened in the dream, and gets to his feet. It feels wrong to eat the food Mr. Stark has delivered, but he doesn’t want it to go to waste either. He remembers snippets from Before, remembers when food was scarce, remembers rations. Even now he doesn’t like to waste.
 

-Tony Stark- 
 “Okay,” Tony says, as Happy speeds towards the tower. “Friday, we need to prioritize.” Happy merges out of the lane he’s in like a New York cabbie with a deadline to meet. “Number one, ensure that the idiot teenager in his pajamas is alright.”“Seems reasonable.” Friday says, and she seems almost sassy with it.“Number two, figure out why the hell there’s a group of Asgardians in my backyard looking as if they just left a warzone.” Tony decides.“That feels like it should be number one.” Happy mutters, earning a glare from Tony.“There is an injured child in the backseat.” He says gesturing to where Peter is passed out behind him.“I’m just saying, intergalactic war might be a bigger concern than this kid.” Happy says, turning abruptly down an alley. He has a point.“Fine, Friday can you have Rhodey go to the compound?” Tony asks, “Him and Vision can talk with the Asgardians. No Asgardians in the building until I’ve spoken with Thor.”“On it, Boss.” Friday says. “Rhodey is on his way.”“Good, priority number three, figure out who the winged maniac flying around New York is,” He pauses for a moment. “Well, the other winged maniac, I already know Sam.”“I’ll start looking into it.” Friday agrees, and he has the utmost faith in her. “Number Four is go
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pre-James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark-centric
Pro-Sokovia Accords
Slow Burn
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pre-James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

