Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky has three potentials tonight. He charms his way into conversation with a blonde college student, who looks like she'd put up a fight, might even scream for him. He laughs at the brunette's jokes -although, they're not funny- and even the man who buys him a drink at the bar seems like he'd be fun. He's in the middle of narrowing his options down when his eyes spot the softest thing in the bar. He's a tiny thing, barely legal from the looks of it, and utterly mouth watering. He stands at about five foot seven -short for most men his age- with curly brown hair and equally as brown eyes. Bucky let's his eyes roam, taking in the too large army green jacket he has paired with a zip-up green hoodie, the sleeves covering his hands to the second knuckles. His jeans are loose fitted -like he can't find the right size. He's wearing black converse, worn to hell. He's got a backpack with him, and Bucky wonders if he's in high school, then wonders why he's chosen a bar to work in. He stays at the bar, leaning against the counter, one foot planted on the floor while the other rests on the foot bar between the stool legs. He watches the boy settle into a seat towards the back of the bar, his backpack dropping onto the booth beside him. He pulls out a couple notebooks and a beat up, out of date laptop, and settles with a pen in his hand. Bucky gulps the last bit of whiskey from the glass in his hand and sets it down on the counter. He watches the boy for a while longer, watching as he lifts his head from his notebook any time someone passes by him. He's skittish, Bucky thinks, smirking to himself. He's always liked them timid -liked watching them shake and cry. Finally, Bucky pushes off the counter and makes his way across the bar, putting on his best friendly smile and stopping at the table, sliding into the booth across from him. The boy looks up, startled, and his eyes widen, showing off more of those beautiful whites. Bucky holds back a dangerous grin, keeps his features soft and inviting. "Sorry," he said easily. "I saw you over here and had to ask -how can you do your homework in a sleezy bar like this? All this noise must be distracting."He watches the boy blink at him, head swiveling to take in the atmosphere around him before dropping his eyes to look at his notes. A delightful blush tints his cheeks and Bucky licks at his lower lip. "Oh, uh, its not homework," the boy said. His voice is boyish, light. Bucky just knows he'd scream and beg so prettily, and it makes his pants tighten. He shifts a little. "Its a book," the boy confesses, sounding a little embarrassed. Bucky raises an eyebrow. "You're a writer?"The boy huffs a breath, cheeks growing even more red. He can't keep eye contact with Bucky. Bucky dips his head a little, catching his attention and giving him a smile. The boy smiles back, though by the way he pinches his lower lip between his forefinger and thumb, he's trying not to. "Trying to be," he said, shrugging a shoulder and letting his fingers fall from his lip. Its slightly pinker now, and Bucky runs the back of his tongue over his own lip again before pulling it between his teeth. "What are you writing?""Uh, well, its a, murder mystery?" He says it like a question. Bucky smiles, interest peaked. "I'm intrigued," Bucky said. The boy waves him off a little, shuffling pages. "Its not very good," he confesses. "I keep getting stuck on the actual murders. Google only takes me so far, and I'm worried if I keep Googling how to murder people, someone's going to think I'm the Queens Killer."Bucky's smile turns into a smirk, and he hums. "Google doesn't always have the right answers.""Neither does Criminal Minds," the boy huffs, smiling a little. "I've watched every crime show they have on Netflix, and almost every documentary. I feel like I could get away with murder, but the stuff on Netflix doesn't really give me the specifics. You know?"Oh, Bucky likes this one. He nods, settles his elbows on the table and leans forward. Even sitting down, he towers over the boy. Its thrilling. "How would you get away with murder?" He questions. He smirks, tapping his fingers on the table in an unknown tattoo. Five flesh, five metal. "Oh, thats easy," the boy said, setting his pen down. "It depends though, is this a random murder or am I murdering someone I know?""Random," Bucky answers. He watches as the boy straightens in his seat, arms on the table, hands moving as he speaks. "Well, for random, I'd go out of state. Maybe a couple states over. "Whoever it is wouldn't be a local, because they'd be missed too soon," he continued. "Probably a commercial truck driver? Anyway, I'd probably take him -or her- into the woods, as deep as I could. If its winter, I'd kill them with an ice cube, that way once it melted, there be no evidence.""What if its summer?" Bucky asked. "Uh, well, then I have a couple options. I could shoot them, or stab them. I'd have to take the murder weapons out of state -
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Murder
Brutal Murder
Dark Bucky Barnes
Exhibitionism
Breathplay
Shibari
Rough Sex
Oblivious Peter Parker
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Secrets
Graphic Description of Corpses
Murderer Bucky Barnes
Writer Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
more tags to come
Under-negotiated Kink
Power Imbalance
Spanking
Manipulation
Rape/Non-con Elements
Age Difference
peter is 20
Bucky is 34
Sadism
Somnophilia
Size Kink
Size Difference
Humiliation
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Serial Killer
Deep Throating
Blow Jobs
face fucking
Rough Oral Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

