Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
You take the arm off four days later. 
 You lift wallets instead of shoplifting. You won't be able to fit all of the things you need into your pockets. You have a list.Lists are important. Lists mean objectives: all of the things you need to do, tucked into the palm of your hand. Boxes you can tick to confirm a thing has been done. Even if you forget, you know it's been done. Someone ticked the box; someone crossed off the line. Linear lists are best of all. A then B then C, and a reward. There were often rewards, at the end of lists. Lists are on your list of good things.It's a short list, but you'll make it bigger. Lists like to grow.Your list has these things on it:At least one screwdriver;
Wire cutters;
Needle-nose pliers;
One (and here you've written pry bar, but you aren't sure if this is the English term for the object you're thinking of, and you don't know if they come as small as you need);
One drop-cloth;
One bottle of cleaning solution;
One ball of string;
And one bottle of disinfectant.You come out with more than you intend, but you find everything on the list. There is a pry bar. There is a very small multi-head screwdriver to go with the large multi-head screwdriver. The attachments are so tiny that you think they must be used for watches, for jewellery, for delicate things. You also find miniature needle-nose pliers. The symmetry is pleasing, even if you're certain you won't need them. Large and small, like nesting dolls. Someone once showed you: матрёшка. Little painted faces getting smaller. Look, someone had said, taking out all the dolls but the smallest one, and closing the largest one around it: This is you. This is me. Mother Russia looks after us. Or maybe: This is you. You are empty, and there is only a very little person inside you, rattling around.You don't remember how the story ends, either way.You hope what you've chosen will be enough. You have a line of memory in your head, chopped up. Images: click. Dialogue: click. You remember when they cut off your arm in the snow, skin like lace hanging from the bones of your elbow. Everything below: shards. They left it out there, in the snow. It's still there, you think. It must be. You remember when they cut off your arm again, in the lab. Higher, that time. Maybe another time after that. You watched, when you could. You tried. The Russians let you, called you храбрый, said: молодец! You always wanted to, but the Americans didn't let you. You don't know what you'll find when you get the plates off. If you can get the plates off. If. You have to. They must have come off, to be repaired. You remember the hiss of a welding torch and the smell of butane. They must have.The clerk has eight piercings in her face and the sides of her scalp are shaved. The curls in the middle are green. She says: big project, huh?Very big, you agree. The biggest.Good for you, she says.She helps you when you fumble with the money one-handed. You don't recognize the people on the bills.It's okay, she says. You got strong hands, it'll come back.What will come back? you ask.Fine motor control, she says. You just got home, right? From a tour?Tour, you think, tour, tour bus, tourism, tourists. Tour of duty.How'd you know I was a, you say. Your mouth makes a shape around soldier but your throat doesn't make the noises.A vet? she says. Combat boots. Your arm. I mean, I don't mean to be rude or anything. But you didn't take your hand out of your pocket. And you got the look, I guess. Ma looked like that, when she came home. Don't worry. It'll come back.You take your receipt. You say, a beat too late: thanks. And then you say: Your ma. Tell her. Tell her she did good.Going to war? says the girl. Or coming home?No, you say. You. She did good.The piercings move in her dimples when she smiles. 
 The apartment isn't yours.It isn't anybody's. The building is, maybe. The water runs but there are boards on the windows. Black mould on the walls, smoke rings on the ceiling. Linoleum. Rolling balls of dust and cat hair scuff away when you open the door. You catch them and drop them out of the window, and then you clean the floor. A perfect ten-foot circle. The floor is blue under the dust: slate blue. Rocks and birds are that colour, sometimes. You like it.The drop-cloth goes down, and then your tools. All in a row. You rearrange them until you like how they look, and then you disinfect them all. You disinfect your arm. You disinfect your right hand. Your hair is in the way, so you tie back as much as you can. You tuck the rest behind your ears and disinfect your hands again.You don't want to do this.The arm is yours. They gave it to you. It's yours. It's the only thing that is. The Americans, they misunderstood. They saw the arm and thought: that is the whole person. That person is a weapon. But the Russians said: this is a person with a tool. Here. This is your we
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Psychological Trauma
Medical Trauma
standard Winter Soldier trauma umbrella
Dissociation
Amnesia
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Deaf Clint Barton
POV Second Person

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

