Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When one feels as if they have no control of a situation, they tend to find a way they can gain control elsewhere; for example, if a young child grew up in the foster care system, it is more likely that they are significantly more broken down and weary of the world. As a young child, it is hard to understand why your birth parents wouldn't want you; adding onto that, it is even worse finding out that no one else wans you either. So, to try and ignore the feeling of being lost and abandoned, rather than going to therapy and working through those feelings, it's significantly easier to try and find control over a life that was made up of being tossed around like an object.  Peter wasn't a licensed psychiatrist or anything, but he had been able to put that analysis together himself pretty easily. Growing up had been pretty bland for him, he went from home to home, never really finding a family he clicked with. Given, he didn't try very hard either, but he had found ways to enjoy certain aspects of life on his own.  School was one of those, he was amazing at it; well, most of it. Literature was never really his thing. One time his freshman English teacher told him that he needed to find 'his creative inspiration or he'd fail the class'. To speed up the story, he failed the class pretty horribly. He tried to find it in himself to care, but it was rather difficult to do so.  At the age of fourteen he was shipped away from Queens to a home all the way in Russia. Now, that was a pretty hard adjustment for him. Especially since he did not speak a word in Russian and his foster home only knew how to speak Russian, one could only imagine how lonely he was. Eventually though, after months of constant interaction and lessons, he had been able to pick it up pretty well. Now it was more comfortable to him than English was.  Things changed pretty rapidly when he turned seventeen. It had been a rather normal day, he went to class on the first day of lessons and had been required to take a fitness class. Of course at first he tried to fight against it, but eventually just gave in, finding out he didn't have a choice if he wanted to graduate. Everything in Russia was always so dramatic and that included their gym classes. Peter -of course- thought he was going to fail the test everyone had to take that day. Everyone had to complete a series of tasks, those included: a 400-meter dash, rope climbing, an odd parkour set up that seemed vastly too complicated, and a series of acrobatic tricks. He wasn't too worried since it was just a beginning test that they had to take before and then after the class to measure their progress or some shit.  Peter thought he would fail, was positive he would face plant and break his nose seconds in; what he wasn't expecting was to be able to complete most of the tasks almost to perfection. When he looked around at everyone's shocked faces, he knew his own expression matched theirs. Everyone had been silent until he heard his administrators heels clicking over to him quickly, her brightly painted lips pursed together like she had just sucked on a lemon. He had always been terrified of Miss Abramovich. He wasn't the only one either, the entire school was terrified of her. She was about 5'10, her bleached blonde hair was always pulled into a slicked back bun, it also didn't seem like she didn't have any eyebrows because they matched her hair.  "Parker, come with me." She instructed, her voice cutting through the silence like a knife. He nodded sharply, feeling shaky all over. He remembered how harshly she had yanked him into her office and shoved him into a brown leather chair, "how did you learn how to do that?" She said firmly, her Russian thick and he almost found it difficult to understand what she was saying. "I-I don't know Miss, I've never tried--" She cut him off, holding up a perfectly manicured finger and typing rapidly on her computer, "you will be leaving tonight to be trained." "What--" He tried to ask, eyes wide with fear. The blonde woman didn't let him finish and waved her hand, "you are dismissed, back to America with you." After that, everything happened much too fast for his liking. All he wanted to do was graduate and try to get a job, maybe a cat to keep him company. Sadly, since apparently being able to do a backflip warranted him being shipped back to Brooklyn, New York, that wasn't in the cards. He remembered that day like it was yesterday, he had gotten off the plane and waiting for him where too large men in black suits and they had yanked him into a limo of sorts. When he tried to ask questions, they just rolled up a divider. When he had gotten out of the car, he expected to see a large building, a school, something; but, he was greeted with absolutely nothing, just acers of abandoned land. He never had chances to ask any questions before he was yanked farther into the field and that's where he noticed the metal bunker door. "You will be greeted b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Yelena Belova & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Yelena Belova

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Drama & Romance
Hurt Peter Parker
Aged-Up Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Violence
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Bucky Barnes
Protective Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has Issues
Slow Burn
Slow Romance
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Emotional Hurt
long story
Long Hair Bucky
Eventual Smut
Falling In Love
Love Confessions
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Bucky Barnes
Explicit Sexual Content
Heavy Angst
Whatever Peter Parker you like the best is the Peter Parker in this story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Yelena Belova & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Yelena Belova

