Chapter 1: Jessica Jones
    




Chapter Text
Tony wasn’t all that sure how he ended up here, sitting in a bar and staring down at a drink that would end his three months of sobriety.
His chest still ached from Rogers ramming a shield into it. His left arm throbbed and he was still covered in cuts and bruises from what the public was calling the Civil War. Pepper was going to have a fit when she found out that he’d signed himself out of the hospital AMA (again). She’d left to go check on Rhodey who was just recovering from his own surgery (because he was fucking paralysed) and Vision was back at the tower, distraught over the betrayal from Maximoff and the guilt he felt for accidentally hitting Rhodey.
Everything was a mess. 
Tony swallowed hard at the memory of Rhodey falling flashing to the front of his mind. There’d been a second, a brief terrifying moment, when Tony had thought his best friend and brother was dead.He tightened his grip on the bottle and squeezed his eyes shut.
How had everything gotten so fucked up so quickly?
His eyes snapped open when the bottle was abruptly yanked out of his hands. He looked to his right and found a woman popping it open and taking a swig. She had dark brown hair and sharp brown eyes that were assessing him silently. She was wearing jeans and a leather jacket, looking perfectly at home in this rundown bar he’d somehow wandered into.
“Thought you’d gone sober?” she commented casually.
Tony was too tired to even wonder how she knew who he was. With the black eye and general rundown appearance, most people wouldn’t recognise him as Tony Stark.
He gave a shrug and immediately winced as it pulled on his ribs.
“Don’t really see the point right now,” he admitted.
She hummed. “You look like I did a while ago. Like the world just imploded and you don’t know where to start stitching it back together. Or if you should even try.”
They sat in silence for a moment, the woman sipping at her stolen beer and Tony turning her words around in his head.
“What’s the point in fixing it when everything I touch just falls to pieces again anyway?” he asked bitterly.
He’d tried to hold the Avengers together. He’d tried desperately to save the team.
They hadn’t wanted his help though and had gleefully pressed the self-destruct button themselves, following Roger’s lead.
He was left with a paralysed best friend and a grief-stricken android.
“You’re a mechanic,” she answered easily. “If it blows up you figure out a way to make it better.”
He turned his focus back on her. Those sharp eyes were still on him.
“There’s nothing left to fix. They took the pieces with them.”
“So scrap the old and build something new.”
His eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
“Listen Stark. The Avengers aren’t the only batch of enhanced in the world. Or the only group that’s trying to do good. The rest of us just didn’t have the same explosive entrance that you guys did. You never needed to be protected. SHIELD was there to protect the Avengers until they were safely established. They also had the reputation of Captain America working for them. You didn’t need that. You had the means and ability to tell the world to fuck off when they tried to take advantage of you as Iron Man. Damn did I laugh during that hearing. Nice work there. Kinda miss seeing Tony Fucking Stark. The Avengers really did tame you.”
Tony frowned at that. Tamed him? What did she mean?
She seemed to notice his confusion. “Sorry to say this Stark. But the Avengers turned you into their doormat.”
He… couldn’t even really argue that. He’d felt like he needed the team to protect the world from what he’d seen through that portal in New York. So he’d been willing to put up with their treatment of him.And eventually, he just got used to it.
“The Avengers were a bunch of ungrateful assholes,” she declared. “And you like playing the arrogant bastard for the rest of the media. But that doesn’t mean that some of us couldn’t see what you were doing.”
For the first time she looked away, down at the swiped beer bottle.
“You were trying to protect the enhanced, give them rights in a world where people want to either use them or kill them. You had no obligation to. You’re not enhanced. And you’re rich. Out of all the superheroes in the world, you’re in the perfect position to stay safe. But you stepped out of that comfort zone to try and make the world safer for enhanced. That’s what the Sokovia Accords were about.”
He swallowed hard. “Superheroes aren’t perfect. We need something to hold us back if we go too far, to call us out if we’re wrong. We need accountability. And that also comes with protection. Because if they want to hold superheroes accountable, then they need to give them the same rights everyone else has.”
The woman got a small smile on her face. “Yeah. One of my best friends, he read over them. He knows his legal stuff. He says they’re good. They need some work but they’re good.”
She looked back up at him. “The Avengers might have fucked off to who knows whe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
not team Cap friendly
Team as Family

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

