Chapter 1: Iron Man 1
    




Chapter Text
Okay…that was weird.Okay, Tony was being mild when he said “weird”. There was a part of him that was boiling with rage. That was it. There would be serious firewalls going up around JARVIS and then they were going to dig right into this S.H.I.E.L.D. Tony had heard of it only in passing, and hadn’t really paid that much attention, figuring it was just another part of the alphabet soup.But there was no reason to try and hide what Obie had done. And not only had they tried to do that, but they also had gesticulated wildly at Tony to stop his press conference when he’d made the announcement that he was Iron Man. Tony, of course, had ignored it and finished the press conference, answering all of the questions the reporters had asked when they calmed down.That was another thing. Tony didn’t know what Pepper and Rhodey were smoking but it made absolutely no sense to hide the fact that he was Iron Man. They’d both gone along with it and seemed annoyed that he’d gone off-script. Tony was just glad that it was Happy who brought up the obvious when they’d turned to him for support in telling Tony off.
‘Hap,’ Rhodey had said. ‘You tell him. He’s not listening to Pepper and me! He should’ve just stuck to the cards.’

‘No, actually,’ he’d said. ‘The boss came home and made all this noise about accountability. If he lied about being Iron Man, think about how that looks. He comes in with all this noise about accountability and then does nothing.’

That had shut both Rhodey and Pepper up.

Happy went on. ‘Not to mention what Stane was doing, I’m pretty sure, is treason. I ain’t never met a federal agent happy to brush treason under the rug. And it really concerns me that these guys are willing to do that.’
And it also concerned Tony.Especially when he got home to find a pirate in a black trench coat having broken in, disabled JARVIS, and waiting in the shadows. Tony had stared at him as he went on some speech about heroes or something. He’d been struck by how much it looked like a scene out of a horror movie or something. The kind where the antagonist ambushes the protagonist in his own home to be menacing before starting to kill off the rest of the cast.Which was why it was important Tony work out exactly who he was dealing with.Thankfully, JARVIS didn’t take long to fix.After putting up some new firewalls, Tony and JARVIS started hacking.And Tony didn’t like what he was looking at. He could find no doctrines that indicated they were any kind of legitimate intelligence agency. No enabling acts or other legislation. He couldn’t see any higher bodies that they answered to. They seemed to have been built up from the old SSR. Or, at least, the old staff from the SSR had been transferred over to them upon inception.‘Sir,’ JARVIS said after a few hours, ‘your father’s name appears to feature quite prominently in their database.’‘What?’ Tony turned to a new screen. ‘One of the three founders…?’‘I’m reviewing the data now, sir,’ JARVIS said. ‘The three founders were your father, an Agent Margaret Carter, commonly called Peggy, and a Col. Chester Phillips of the US Army. Though all three are listed as co-founders, it seems that Ms. Carter held all the power. There was a short period, however, where someone else was involved but neither your father nor Col. Phillips was.’‘Yeah?’ Tony reviewed the data himself. JARVIS was right. Carter seemed to have all the power in this situation. Phillips was officially in charge of the field personnel and training but Carter had full power to veto who she liked. He hadn’t hung around. And Howard was officially Head of the Science Division but Carter seemed to have full access to everything he did and could stop him following through on something without giving reason.The very concept made Tony’s skin crawl.‘Agent Daniel Sousa was the original Director of SH.I.E.L.D.,’ JARVIS reported. ‘And at the time of his death, it seems he was in talks to receive the required enabling acts from congress. However, after he was shot and killed in 1955, Agent Carter took over and discontinued these talks. She also contacted your father and Col. Phillips for corroboration. Your father’s money was a significant reason why S.H.I.E.L.D. did not crash and burn at this time. And, it seems, it continued to be used until his death.’Tony was suddenly suspicious. ‘Cross-reference S.H.I.E.L.D.’s current income with our own systems, JARVIS.’‘I am in the process of doing as such now, sir,’ JARVIS said. ‘I have already found two false accounts that feed directly into S.H.I.E.L.D.’s systems at regular intervals.’‘Hm…’ Tony mused. ‘So S.H.I.E.L.D. is an illegitimate intelligence organisation who has been stealing money from us at least since my father died.’‘It would seem so, sir.’‘Right.’ Tony turned around and pulled out his phone call.‘Might I enquire who you are calling, sir?’ JARVIS asked.‘Before they lost Sousa, he was doing things the legitimate way,’ Tony said. ‘When he died, C
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Howard Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Team Tony
Be Careful What You Wish For
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
"Bad Guy" Tony
POV Tony Stark
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Moderated
Comic Book Science
Mental Health Issues
Wakanda Critical

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Howard Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

