Chapter 1: The Guest Room.
    


Notes:
DO NOT READ IN PUBLIC!This fic contains NSFW gifs/images, please read at your own discretion.I do not own any images/gifs used.Without Beta.




Chapter Text
You knew it wasn't a smart idea but boredom never made room for reason and smarts.It wasn't difficult for you to find an unwitting party, a couple of longing looks and a few drinks later you had them all eating out of your hand. You wouldn't let it go too far, just far enough to prove a point, maybe teach him a leson. A reminder of who you are and what he is. It was all part of the game and the game was to get what you wanted.You chose a bar where you wouldn't be recognised, not wanting a public scene only a private one. You also made sure he was a nobody, low down on the pecking order and barely worth a headstone.Loki was due home tonight, not long after you'd returned home in fact. You made sure to kiss the man who had been foolish enough to come home with you on the doorstep, knowing Loki's security would see and be quick to inform him. You made a show for them too, knowing it would only further infuriate your lover when he found out.You mostly made a show to ensure that Loki would return tonight, there was no way he would leave you unpunished for your behaviour. The thought excited you more than the man groping your breasts in the entryway of your home.The man, you couldn't remember his name and doubted you'd even asked it, was fit enough for the job. He was easy to lead on, touching him up just enough to put him on edge before leading him into the lounge, you made sure to leave your shoes on the sofa with his shirt and trousers. Loki hated mess.You made a point of leaving your underwear strewn across the stairs and landing as you took the lead and guided the man up to the guest bedroom, a trail of breadcrumbs in your wake for Loki to find and follow when he came home.By the time you reached the guest bedroom you were both naked and the nameless man was more than a little handsy, not that you were complaining.It was easy to get him exactly where you wanted, he was more than willing when your hands tangled in his hair and began to guide him to your desired spot.He wasn't the most skilled you'd ever had and certainly no match compared to Loki but he was decent enough. Maybe in another life and with less alcohol in his blood the two of you would have been a good match.You make sure to keep the noise down just enough so as to still be able to listen out for the front door, and when finally the key is placed and the door is unlocked, you allow yourself to grow loud. Not that the man eating you out was really as good as you make out. Still, Loki wouldn't know that and it has the desired effect.You make a show when finally you can feel his eyes on you, making sure to keep out of sight behind the door as you reach back and grab the bars of the bedframe, as if in an ecstasy of pleasure.

His eyes watch you as you make to encourage the man, urging him to keep going, your voice breathy as you whine loud and arch your back up. It did feel good but Loki would feel better. He's pulled off of your body with a violent suddenness. Your eyes fly open in time to watch Loki drag the man to the floor and connect his steel toed boot to the man's gut. A vicious accuracy to the act as the man curls up on himself and cries out with pain."Who the fuck is this?!" Loki demands, kicking the man repeatedly to puntuate his words as you crawl further up the bed. You don't bother to cover yourself as you answer. "No-one."There is only a fleeting sense of guilt for the end you had ensured for the nameless man."No-one? Is this right? Are you really no-one?" Loki picks him up as if he weighs nothing and drags him against the wall, making sure his head smacks against it with a painful crash. The man whimpers and begs for mercy."Answer my fucking question!" His voice raises as he delivers a brutal attack to the man, winding him with the repeated pounding of his gut before Loki allows him to fall to the ground and lay helplessly at his feet. He fails to answer Loki's question, too lost in the viciousness of the attack he was under. His mind trying to make sense as to why he was suffering such brutality."Fucking waste - " He fails to even finish what he was going to say. Rather he simply pulls his phone from his back pocket and turns his burning gaze onto you. Your stomach flips at the sight and you raise your chin in a deviant refusal to ask for his forgiveness. His voice is sharp and clipped down the phone."Barton," The head of Loki's personal waste disposal. "I've got a mess on my hands at home, bring Romanoff and get over here. Now." The phone is thrown onto the bed by your ankle."Bathroom. Now." Loki says, the order unmistakable as he begins to unbutton his cufflinks. You move in a flash from the bed to the doorway, only glancing over your shoulder to Loki as he once again picks up the man from the floor, you move on down the landing before wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Mob
Violence
Voyeurism
Cheating
Dark Loki (Marvel)
Smut
Oral Sex
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Overstimulation
Punishment
Daddy Kink
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Embedded Images
nsfw gifs
Graphic Format: GIF
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
No Plot/Plotless

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

