Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
Just a quick reminder that in this fic-verse, Asgard operates on a time dilation from Earth, meaning that time passes much more slowly on Asgard.




Chapter Text
A month had passed since the Dark Elf invasion of Asgard, but it felt like it had been so much longer than that. So much had happened in the past month - and, indeed, in the weeks leading up to it - that Thor had hardly known a moment to stop and catch his breath.It had all started with Loki's appearance on Midgard, crazed and power-hungry and spearheading an assault by creatures from beyond the Nine Realms. Then, just when matters on Midgard were settled and Thor had sought to return to Asgard with Loki in tow, something had gone wrong - and Thor had been returned to Asgard, alone. Loki had been left behind.There had been no time to go back and correct the mistake, because Thor had landed in the middle of a battle: the forces of Svartalfheim, led by the dark elf Malekith the Accursed, had laid siege to the golden realm. The lands surrounding the walled city had been laid to waste, their defenses crippled; worst of all, a strike team of dark elves had wormed their way into the very heart of the citadel and murdered Asgard's queen, Thor's mother.Up until then his father Odin had been leading the defense, but after the death of Frigga, Odin had crumbled. In the hours following her death he had barely moved from her side, barely spoken, given no commands or orders - and that evening he had gone to his chamber and not emerged, slipping instead into the Odinsleep. All the burdens of command, of the defense and ruling of Asgard, had fallen to Thor.In a desperate hour Thor had sought the aid of Loki, still held captive by the humans of Midgard, and in a desperate hour Loki had come in answer to his call. With his advice and spellpower they broke the siege, drawing Malekith away from Asgard and out into the dead plains of Svartalfheim, where he could be destroyed.And Loki had fallen along with him.Since then Thor had thrown himself into the aftermath of the terrible siege: clean-up, reconstruction, seeing to pensions for the wounded and the families of the dead, overseeing recruitment and training to fill the gaps - too many - left in the ranks of the Einherjar. Odin still had not awakened, and it was easier to bury himself in all the small details of recovery than to dwell on the deaths of his mother and brother.It was hard enough to lose his mother, for she had been a cornerstone of his world - but she had died a glorious death in battle and been dispatched to Valhalla, her spirit rising to join with the stars. It was the proper way of things, Thor knew, that parents should lead and not follow their children into the next world. At her funeral Thor had lit the arrows for the pyre-boat, and wept in the reflection of the flames on the water, and said his farewells.There had been no funeral for Loki, and that still bothered Thor. Everything about Loki - from his fall, to his unexpected re-emergence on Midgard, his betrayal, his reluctant return to fight back-to-back with Thor again - everything about Loki was wrong, everything out of its proper order. It gladdened Thor's heart that they had been reconciled at the end, Loki dying in a brave and glorious sacrifice, giving his life to protect his brother and avenge their mother - but.But Loki's body had been lost to the collapsing of the dark world, and there had been no corpse to lay in a funeral ship for Loki. In his private heart Thor admitted to himself - though he felt guilty doing so - that he would rather Loki still lived, even mad and evil and Thor's sworn enemy, than that he should die bravely and well and be lost to Thor for ever.Thor walked along the road towards the Bifrost observatory, enjoying the beauty of the starry causeway rebuilt. With the return of the Tesseract a month ago, they had finally been able to start repair on the great bridge; as of a week ago it had finally become usable once more, opening the pathways of the universe to travellers again."Hail, Heimdall," Thor called out as he stepped off the end of the bridge into the Observatory. Even while the bridge was broken Thor had visited often, asking Heimdall for news of Midgard, of the friends he had made and left behind there. "You sent for me?"Not an hour gone, a messenger had come to the throne room - where Thor still sat on a camp stool on the dais beside the throne, refusing to take it for himself - with word from the Gatekeeper, that he had some news to impart to Thor."Aye, my prince," Heimdall said in his slow, sonorous way. It was at Thor's insistence that his subjects still refer to him as prince, and he had planned no coronation ceremony - for as far as he was concerned, Odin was still the king, and he was merely overseeing things in the meantime. "I have news."Thor waited, but Heimdall did not seem to be in a hurry to impart his news. "Good news, or bad news?" Thor prompted him."Whether it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
Jane Foster & Thor

freeform: 
Fantastic Racism
Thor's bad judgment calls
Steve Rogers & Thor Friendship
talk radio
Nick Fury does not have time for your shit
blink and you'll miss it AOS cameo
ororo is not impressed by your hammer thor
Protective X-Men
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
Darcy Lewis is passionate about political science
oh thor no
Apologies
apologies are hard
Reconciliation
Thor was not always a good brother
but he's trying to do better
and so is Loki

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
Jane Foster & Thor

