Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Harry Potter had a fascination with the color red.Perhaps he always had favored the color since the time he was very young, but it was when puberty kicked in that he truly noticed how much the color drew him in. And it was no secret as to why. After all, when you live with two redheads as attractive as Lily Evans (his mother since birth) and Natasha Romanoff (Lily's lover and Harry's other mother since as far back as his memories went), you couldn't help but learn to appreciate the beauty of crimson.Early on in his puberty, he'd walked in on his two gorgeous mothers scissoring each other naked in their bed. It had been a complete accident, but he'd been rooted to the spot and unable to look away. They hadn't noticed him, and so he'd been free to view the two women more intimately and explicitly than any son was ever supposed to see his parents. It had been an enlightening and eye opening day in the life of young Harry Potter, and it had shaped his tastes for the rest of his life.He'd tried to move on from the forbidden attraction that night had created within him, and he'd attempted to do so with any attractive red-headed witch he could sweet-talk into a date or even a shag. The sweet-talking hadn't been difficult, as Harry had grown into a handsome and confident man as he grew up. The result was that he'd had any number of pretty redheads with whom he tried to satisfy the pull he'd felt since that day. While at Hogwarts he'd dated Susan Bones, Ginny Weasley and Tracey Davis. They'd all been nice and he'd enjoyed his time with all three of them, but he'd never been able to delude himself into thinking that any of those school romances were going to give him what he needed.He was out of school now, and in the few months since he'd moved on from Hogwarts and enrolled in the auror training program he'd taken more than one stab at getting this red-headed obsession out of his system with a good hard shag. Only two days into his internship he had Amelia Bones, aunt of his ex-girlfriend Susan, bent over her desk until he pounded her pussy raw and shot his cum all over her arse. She'd told him in no uncertain terms afterwards that she would cut his balls off if he ever breathed a word of the encounter to her niece, but it wasn't Amelia or Susan that was on his mind in the days afterward. As always, it was the vision of his mothers scissoring that dominated his thoughts and his dreams, just as it had done for years by this point.There had also been the day his senior auror Tonks had walked into the office sporting dark red locks that ran down past her shoulders, having chosen that as her style for the week. By Saturday night he was back in her flat and staring up at her delightfully firm breasts as she rode his cock in what they'd both understood was a one time only, no strings attached night of casual fun. And it had been fun; it had been very fun. But it still hadn't cured him of his affliction. He knew why. He’d always known, for all the good it had done him. It wasn’t just the color red he was obsessed with; it was the two women who had unknowingly put on such a display for him in his formative years. As nice as Susan, Ginny and Tracey had been, and as good as the sex had been with Amelia and Tonks, it was his two redheaded mothers that truly captured his desires and had held them hostage for years. Every single sexual fantasy he had when he closed his eyes and his mind was giving free rein over his morals featured one or both of them, and each time he’d shagged a lover had included at least one moment where he had to pull himself back from thinking about what it might be like if he was fucking Natasha or Lily instead. More than once he’d actually had to bite his lip to stop from screaming one of their names, or simply saying mum.Yes, Harry feared that no matter how many years passed or how many other attractive redheads he shagged, he would never be able to move beyond his attraction to Natasha and Lily. But what else could he do but keep trying? It wasn’t like he could ever hope to make his impossible fantasies into reality. They would never return his feelings, nor would they allow themselves to cross that taboo. He would be forever cursed to try and smother the lust he felt for his two mothers, and it would have to remain buried.--“Morning, Harry!” Natasha said brightly as she stepped into the sitting room. Harry looked up, intending to give her a friendly greeting. But the view he was presented with when he looked up from his collection of old auror case files made his breath come out in a strangled groan.She’d just come out of the shower, and the only thing she was wearing was that short, thin bath robe Lily had gotten her for their most recent anniversary. He could only conclude that Lily had gotten it for her own personal satisfaction, because it just barely covered her beautiful arse. She had it loosely tied in the front, and it left her succulent cleavage and part of her impr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Lily Evans Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter
Harry Potter//Lily Evans Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Step-Mother Incest
Dubcon to Con
Stuck in a wall
Rough Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Creampie
Celibacy
Teasing
Voyeurism
Sexual Frustration
Parent/Child Incest
cheating but not cheating
Vaginal Fingering
Masturbation
Sneaky Sex
Chair Sex
Threesome - F/F/M
Blow Jobs
Come Swallowing
Strap-Ons
Spitroasting
Anal Sex
Cheating roleplay
Polyamory

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Lily Evans Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter
Harry Potter//Lily Evans Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

