Chapter 1



Notes:
EDIT: I think I fixed the line break issues and I hope I found all the grammar mistakes and typos. thanks for your patience delightful readers!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Anthony Edward Stark is born on the 29th of May 1970 to Howard and Maria Stark. As soon he’s old enough to understand the concept, he insists his name be shortened to just ‘Tony’. His parents summarily ignore the request. Jarvis ruffles his hair and carries right on calling him Young Master Stark. Tony is less than impressed.--------------Tony is only four years old the first time he's kidnapped.It’s all a bit anticlimactic to be honest.It takes them two days to do so, but the two men soon realise that Howard Stark really isn't going to pay the ransom demand no matter what they threaten to do to Tony. They sigh in frustration and leave him on a roadside in the middle of nowhere.Tony shrugs and ambles down the road to the gas station he'd seen out of the car window not five minutes before. He goes to the pay phone outside and dials 911.The police show up, act surprised that a four year old can work a payphone ( They can't? Only babies can't use such basic simple technology surely?) ask him a load of dumb questions and then finally take him home. Howard waves the police away, scowls at him, buys the press' silence and drunkenly slurs at anyone nearby about how useless his son is that he let himself get kidnapped. Apparently Maria hadn't even noticed Tony was gone. Jarvis had though and he takes Tony down to the kitchens, hugs him and tells him that he's proud of him for being so brave and so clever. Tony shrugs again and says it wasn't so bad; they gave him a screwdriver and let him play with their old radio and gave him lots of candy. Almost like a vacation Jarvis, only better because there was more candy.Jarvis looks sad at that so Tony smiles and drags him upstairs to look at the latest robot that he made for his daddy. Tony's robots always cheer Jarvis up even if they're never good enough for daddy.--------------By his fourth kidnapping, when he's seven, Tony is beginning to wonder what all the fuss is about. After that first time, Jarvis had made Tony read a load of information about hostage situations and made him memorise what he's supposed to do and say to people who take him.Tony thinks it's all rather pointless because none of that violence stuff ever actually happens.People will take him, leave him in a corner or a car's backseat, tell him to be quiet while they demand money from his father and then leave him somewhere random when they work out they're not going to see a single penny.Tony finds a phone, he rings the police, he gets himself home. His dad is angry at him, his mom is oblivious and Jarvis is relieved. Same old, same old Tony tells himself as he's driven back to boarding school the next morning.-------------He's eight and there's a chair and ropes and a lit cigarette that burns. The cheap vodka that they pour over his face stings his eyes and he silently vows to pay attention to each and every one of Jarvis' defence techniques from now on. ---------------------He hasn't even been released from the hospital yet and he's already convinced (an admittedly reluctant) Jarvis of the awesomeness of his plan. Jarvis will sort everything with school and stop dad from finding out.-------------------------------------------His resolve is wavering a little by the end of the first week. The fancy ass boarding school his dad insisted he attend already enforces ridiculously early wake-up times. Now he's being dragged out of bed an entire two hours earlier every morning.And then all the instructor guy (Sensei he learns  very  quickly, is the correct term) has him doing is listening to lectures on self-discipline and standing around in ridiculous poses.Then he remembers the sound of matches striking and the sharp hiss of burning tobacco pressed down on flesh and tells himself to grit his teeth and concentrate.If standing on one leg with his arms out results in him being as good at self-defence as the two guys his dad eventually sent to rescue him, then he'll stand on that one leg until it falls off.----------------------He's nine and after a year he's learnt hundreds of different ways to punch and kick and block and he can do more press ups in a row than he thinks is healthy for someone his age. He doesn't tell anybody that, least of all Sensei who would probably just tell him to stop whining and make him do even more. Press ups aside, Tony thinks he's quite good at this Karate stuff now. He particularly likes the nunchucks, so he asks if they can start on some Ninjitisu so that he can use those big wooden stave things he'd read about last week (Bo-staffs?)The answer is no, but he has more luck convincing Sensei to start on Judo. He's really looking forward to learning all those throwing and grappling moves. Well, he is right up until he's thrown over Sense
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Martial Arts AU
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
BAMF Tony
mild PTSD
Pepperony - Freeform
Gymnastics
Canon Rewrite

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Tony Stark

