Chapter 1: The Prince and the Party Princess
    


Summary:









Chapter Text

…and in Royal News Princess Rebecca was seen last night attending the exclusive Rendezvous Club in Bucharest with a crowd of friends!  The group had entry to the VIP lounge, but a few were seen leaving the premises late into the night – though Princess Rebecca was not seen among them!  Was there a sneaky back door exit for Romania’s Party Princess?  Quite probably! - Romanian Enquirer.
 Princess Rebecca celebrated her return to Romania from her tour in the USA with a night out with friends… see Page 3 for pictures and look-a-like dress options for any budget..!  - Romanian Gala
Steamy encounter?  Romanian Party Princess Rebecca seen dancing with a handsome stranger in VIP section of bourgeoisie nightclub, Rendezvous in Bucharest! - Bucharest MatchBefore any sort of press event, Bucky tried to make sure he was up to date on the latest stories about himself and his family.  It was mostly a defense mechanism – one of the only ones he could really have for something like this – but he’d happily cling to it.  If he knew what they were already saying, he had half a chance at being prepared.  If he’d learned one thing in his life, Bucky had learned that he intensely disliked being unprepared. There was nothing worse than being blind sided about your own family.It had been some years since he’d been coached through what he should say before the event, the Palace press officers trusting him now that he was older and more experienced, but some level of preparedness was still never a bad idea. These stories about Becca… well, they weren’t exactly new.She had long been known for being the so-called ‘Party Princess’ since she’d grown to adulthood and was almost the exact opposite of Bucky himself, who had never so much as put a foot wrong. Or a foot inside a night club even. She favoured late nights, the company of others and had more than once been caught on camera in a position that could be considered compromising.  Somehow, the public seemed to find it endearing whereas Bucky knew if it were him, he’d be hung out to dry.  But then, she didn’t have the same weight of expectation on her that he did.  That was part and parcel of being the heir to the throne, apparently.He’d known that Becca was due back in Romania and back to the Capital, he just hadn’t known she had actually arrived.  Then again, with the size of the palace and the fact that Bucky had been performing official duties the entirety of the previous day, that wasn’t much of a surprise.  Still, she was clearly fine and doing her usual thing, so he supposed he didn’t really have to worry – especially as these paparazzi rumours seemed quite tame. Compared to his sister's normal antics anyway.Hopefully, seeing as this wasn’t exactly uncommon, the Press today would be more focused on the Tour that his parents were leaving on at the end of the week, essentially leaving Bucky ‘in charge’ in the Palace for the first time.  It wouldn’t be a big deal particularly, especially not for any other throne-heir, but Bucky’s situation was a little unique given that he was the first Omega heir to the throne.In previous generations, the title would have passed over him despite his being the eldest child and being male and would have gone to Becca as the eldest Alpha child, but due to a law change a generation ago, it was now possible for an Omega to become heir… and Bucky was the first eldest-child-and-Omega combination since that law changed. Being the heir to the throne would have had a lot of expectation on him anyway, but doing it as an Omega – and a male Omega at that – was something else. He couldn’t count the number of articles that had been printed speculating on his virginity, especially after the period in which he had dated Prince Brock, third son of the Bulgarian King.  Brock’s reputation had certainly preceded him, unsurprising given the number of partners he’d allegedly been with, and it wasn’t for the papers to know that part of the reason he’d cut things off with Bucky was that he’d labeled him a prude.  Apparently the prospect of actually getting to sit on a throne, albeit as Prince Regent rather than King, was not enough to make up for Bucky's prudish ways. He sighed remembering that period before pushing it out of his mind.  He didn’t need that right now. “Are you ready for this one, PJ?”  Came a voice that Bucky well recognized, his PA/press liaison, Darcy Lewis walking around the corner.  Usually Bucky hated any nickname that wasn’t ‘Bucky’, but Darcy had been with him years, and ‘PJ’ was all she’d ever called him – short for Prince James.  He preferred the nickname to the title, especially from her.  “Your parents have just arrived so if you’re not I recommend getting yourself together pretty quickly as go time is probably imminent.”Bucky gave Darcy a smile.  A lot of his aides caused him as much misery as they solved, but perhaps if they lived another life, he and Darcy w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
royal au
Stucky - Freeform
stucky au
Stucky Royal AU
Prince James Barnes
Son of Senator Steve Rogers
Pool house madness
A/B/O
a/b/o dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Accidental Marriage
Accidental Dating
Anal Sex
Mentions of Possible Mpreg
Oral Sex
Slow Burn
Idiots in Love
Falling In Love
they get their heads out of their asses eventually
Happy Ending
Possible sequel
I had so much fun with these two
Fake Relationship
Fake Relationship Becoming Real
Character Death
don't worry it's not a main character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

