Chapter 1: Wise Men at Their End
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
      Life, thought Steve, is gonna be the death of me. * Truth be told, death was creeping in from the edges. Had been for a long time. Steve could taste it in the grit-laden wind and smell it in the smoke-filled air. He could see it in the way he had to wipe the dirt off the table every time he wanted to sit down for a meal. The doors stayed closed, the windows too, but the dirt always found a way in. It trickled in, as insidious and relentless as time itself. It was telling them all that the great burial had begun.Steve still brushed it off the table before he sat down to eat, and swept it off his porch with a broom every day. Rituals like these were what kept him alive. He sometimes wondered where he was finding the strength to go on. The year was 2097, and he had been alone for a long time.The answer, he regularly concluded, lay in the force of habit. He’d gotten… used to living. Or maybe he’d fought too hard and too often when he was young; maybe he’d broken the gauge of his survival instinct. Maybe he’d pushed it too far and it had remained stuck into the red, cranked up to max, even though he should have died decades ago.The serum would end up killing Steve, precisely because it was keeping him alive. Steve hadn’t been able to get wounded enough on the battlefield, hadn’t been able to die of natural causes, and hadn’t even been able to age. He was one hundred and seventy-seven years old—or a less impressive one hundred and seven, if you took away the seventy years he’d spent under the ice—and he still looked like he’d looked on the day of Erskine’s death. The only thread that bound him to this world was the serum; hence the serum would be the cause of his death when it finally took mercy on him and decided to let him go.Which was soon. It had to be.The air smelled of iron.Steve was a stranger on this dying earth. The name of Captain America didn’t mean anything to anyone anymore. It was his own choice, and the most reasonable option, too. The history books were now telling people the moon landing had never happened; so, heroes? Heroes were out of the question. If Steve had stayed who he was, if he’d remained a living piece of Earth’s own history, he would’ve been terminated one way or the other. He’d chosen silence; he’d chosen retreat.I know, I know, Captain America never backs off. But that was exactly the point: he wasn’t him anymore.It was somewhat baffling, how quickly people had forgotten him, when he used to feel like he could never shake off his star spangled persona, not in a million years. But to tell the truth, he simply did not have any friends left. They were all gone, and he’d let Captain America tag along, so at least one little part of him could die, at least one little part of him could stay behind, with them.Tony had been the first to die—of a goddamn heart attack, of all things. Bruce had disappeared soon afterwards, giving in to his instincts to run now that he wasn’t constantly being pestered into giving himself a break. Steve sometimes wondered if Tony would’ve been able to curb the Earth’s slow decay. He could never know, but he could see that only a few years after the death of the last of the Starks, the Earth had begun to push humanity towards the exit, slowly but firmly, with all the sluggish stubbornness of a glacier.  The atmosphere was filling with nitrogen. Steve’s crops were dying.He was a farmer, like ninety percent of humanity now. It was still not enough. The food was lacking. The wheat had been the first to go, struck down by plagues that spread like wildfire; the corn would follow suit in a few years, undoubtedly. Steve strove to keep his fields alive, so people could eat, so people could fight on for a bit longer.Steve strove to keep his fields alive, because this was Clint’s farm.Clint had been the second one to go. He had died heroically, like the idiot he was, blown up by his own explosive arrows in the engine of a plane—they were still fighting at the time; the era of heroes had not yet ended. He’d died saving them all, which they’d never quite forgiven him for. But after Steve’s demotion, he’d gone back to the farm where they had spent one summer together—during the Ultron debacle; nothing lasts forever, Natasha was whispering back then already—and he decided that if really he was to tend crops till the day he died, he could do it here.The first few months were tough, but after a while, even the memories learned to leave him alone.Steve had stayed friends with Sam, and Sharon and even Nick and even Maria—all of them, till the day they died. But he hadn’t married. He hadn’t had any kids. It was selfish, he supposed, and cowardly, but he couldn’t have borne the thought of outliving them. He couldn’t have borne to watch them grow up and then grow old.Now that he was alone, he had stopped counting the seconds ticking away from his friend
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & James "Bucky" Barnes
Bruce Banner & Carol Danvers
Steve Rogers & Carol Danvers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Tony Stark & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
interstellar au
except not really an AU?
just very far into the future
(no need to have seen the movie)
Eating Disorders
References to Suicide
lots of people are dead already
...but this is the Marvel Universe
and all that that implies
Torture
Body Horror
Insomnia
PTSD
Panic Attacks
Memory Loss
Flashbacks
space travel
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs ALL THE HUGS
hell they all do
Slow Build
sloooooow build
Angst
Feels
Hurt/Comfort
plotty plot is plotty
Winter Soldier with a twist
Post-MCU Phase 2
Not GotG compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & James "Bucky" Barnes
Bruce Banner & Carol Danvers
Steve Rogers & Carol Danvers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Tony Stark & Sam Wilson

