Work Text:
Enough was enough. Wanda had been inconsolable since Loki’s attack on her and everyone’s uncaring attitude was unacceptable.
Steve stormed over to the door that led to the West Wing.
“You are not permitted into this area Mr. Rogers,” the AI told him as the door stayed stubbornly shut.
“I don’t care. You can tell them that I’m not moving until I talk to Tony.” 
As Peggy had said, plant yourself like a tree and say ‘no you move’. 
He wasn’t going to be giving up today.
“Very well,” Friday said. “Someone is on their way.”
Hopefully it was Tony. He needed to stop hiding behind this so called ‘new team’ and talk to him dammit. He’d apologised in the letter. Sure things got a bit out of hand but Tony needed to stop being so petty. Steve had been doing the right thing, protecting Bucky and the team.
Tony needed to let go of his ego and help get rid of the Accords so that they were free to do what they needed to. He also needed to get rid of Loki and put Steve back in charge of the Avengers, not to mention give Steve his shield back. 
First off he needed to apologise to everyone though. Especially Bucky and Wanda.
He straightened up as the door opened but it wasn’t Tony on the other side.
The brunette man was short like Tony but he had more obvious muscles. There was a cigar clenched between his teeth and an unimpressed glare leveled at Steve.
“What do you want?” he grunted.
Steve scowled. “I’m going to talk to Tony,” he declared. These people were all enabling the inventor’s bad behaviour. He stepped forward and pushed past the man.
Or tried to.
The guy didn’t budge and Steve stumbled back in surprise at the resistance.
He gave Steve a sharp grin. “Didn’t expect to run into someone you can’t push around huh?” he asked, leaning against the doorframe. “Bet you’re used to being able to use your strength to get what you want. Especially with Tony. Small guy, definitely not strong enough to block you if you shoved him.” He breathed out cigar smoke in Steve’s direction.
“I never pushed anyone around!” Steve shouted, offended. He wasn’t a bully!
“Then what did you just try and do?” the guy asked and Steve faltered.
“That was different-"
“How?” 
“Listen I just need to talk to Tony.”
“No, you want to talk to Tony so you can intimidate him into doing what you want. I know your type. You’ll puff up and cross your arms so you loom over him. Get right into his space. You probably yell at him a lot too don’t you?”
“Correct Sergeant Howlett,” Friday piped up. “That matches Mr. Rogers’ behaviour around Boss quite well.
“I don’t-" Steve started to argue but the AI pulled up footage on a nearby wall that showed Steve doing just that. He’d never noticed how Tony pulled back into himself when he got close like that.
“Huh, guess you’re a classic bully,” the guy stated, snapping Steve out of his shock.
“I’m not a bully!” Steve shouted. “Who are you?” he demanded. 
“Name’s Logan, though some people know me better as Wolverine.” He gave Steve a feral grin. “As for being a bully I’d say you’re definitely one. Friday?”
“Yes Sergeant?”
“What’s the definition of a bully?”
“Bully, noun. A person who habitually seeks to harm or intimidate those whom they perceive as vulnerable. Verb. Seek to harm, intimidate, or coerce (someone perceived as vulnerable).”
Logan nodded. “Compared to you, when Tony is out of his suit he’s vulnerable. He’s a regular human. And then you, enhanced, bigger and stronger than him, get in his space and look all intimidating. Because you want something. You want to him to agree with you, give you something or change something about himself. You’ve also physically attacked him before. You threw that shield at him during the whole Ultron mess while he was out of his suit.”
“He was doing something dangerous!”
“On the word of a Hydra agent. Someone who had attacked your team. You physically attacked him because she told you he was doing something dangerous. You didn’t even pause to ask him what he was doing.” Logan talked right over him. “I notice in that whole thing you didn’t attack Bruce. He was involved too. But he can turn into the Hulk when attacked so he wasn’t really vulnerable huh? Tony was though, so you went after him. Friday?”
The AI pulled up the footage from that day before Steve could argue and watching it from this perspective… it did look bad. Seeing the panic cross Tony’s face before the suit got to him in time. Seeing Bruce’s horror. He didn’t remember it being that bad.
“Then in Siberia.” Logan’s voice hardened. “That one’s just sick. You used Tony’s money and resources to find the man that was used to kill his parents, all while treating him like shit, and then when he found out you lied? You beat him until his artificial sternum shattered and his ribs broke. You broke the helmet and gave him a concussion. You left him, injured, in a dead suit, in sub-zero temperatures, with no way to call for help.”
Logan gave him a disgusted look while Steve suddenly found it difficult to breathe.
“You’re wor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Protective Logan (X-Men)

fandom: 
None
