Chapter 1: It Couldn't Just be Simple
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Shit
This wasn’t what was supposed to happen. Bucky drew closer in on himself, his teeth set so hard that they ground painfully together. One second, everything had been fine. The image he’d been spray painting on the side of the building had been almost finished. It was a masterpiece. And then, before he could hardily look up, there’d been a cop leaning over him. He’d been stuffed into a cruiser like a piece of baggage and deposited in this miserable little cube of a holding cell. The only thing in the little box of bars, besides himself was a cot. Just that. Out of pure spite, Bucky had crouched himself on the floor. The wall behind him was made up of gray, non-personal blocks of concrete. Surrounding him about nine feet out was the rest of his prison, an unforgiving box of metal bars.Bucky’s brow furrowed into a bitter glare and he gave a little hiss of frustration, thunking his head back against the concrete wall. Apparently, vandalism was only fun if you didn’t get caught. How long was he gonna be stuck in this dive? Come to think of it, what were the chances of anyone at home ever realizing he was gone? Or caring?The brunet tipped his chin down again, the back of his skull smarting. He made a mental note to add ‘hitting your head off concrete walls’ to his list of ‘stupid shit I’ve done today.’ He stared bitterly out of the confines of his personalized prison. Beyond the solid iron bars, Bucky could see an unremarkable room containing a desk, filling cabinet, and an office chair. Thankfully, the little room was temporarily vacant. Bucky wasn’t much in the mood for company.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.Just outside, Officer Steve Rogers riffled through the small stack of papers in his hand. The man’s tongue slid out, wetting his lips as he read over the file. For the most part, this was fairly routine. Someone had been caught graffitiing a building and they’d been brought in. They’d be held until their paperwork was processed, most likely until morning, and then they’d be released, pending a court date. Chances were they’d be stuck with a fine; really, just a slap on the wrist, but the process had to be completed nonetheless.Steve exhaled softly. Some kid probably. He’d dealt with cases like this before. Most of the time, it was just a cocky fourteen year old who though he could get away with anything. He reached up, rubbing the bridge of his nose, his face drawn with fatigue. It had been a long day, and now he was going to have to stay to keep an eye on the kid while he was here. It wasn’t high on Steve’s list of favored activities, but someone had to do it. Besides, there were a few cops working this joint that were sometimes less than gentle with the detainees. If it was a cocky kid acting out, he’d still rather he be handled gently. They needed to be corrected, not traumatized.Tucking the file under his arm, Steve moved forward, and opened the door.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.The rasp of the door being pushed open alerted Bucky to the entering officer, and a growl of frustration escaped him. It was like a little graffiti had angered the gods, and now they were sending every possible unpleasantry to torture him while he was stuck in this hell hole. The last thing Bucky wanted was endure the disapproving reproach of yet another cop. He’d had quite enough of that on the ride over. The officer who arrested him had been snide, and condescending, going on about wasted potential or some shit like that, and frankly, Bucky couldn’t care less. It wasn’t like he had a glowing future ahead of him anyways. Steve strolled into the room, crossing through the office area and drawing level with the bars of the holding cell. Glancing up, Steve had to do a mental double take. This certainly wasn’t a bratty fourteen year old, far from it in fact. He looked to be about twenty, and he was unapologetically gorgeous. The young man’s long, lithe body was slim, but unmistakable toned. He sat against the wall with one elbow resting on his propped knee, his fingers carding absently through his smooth, dark chestnut hair. The sheaves of the brunet hair were wild and unruly, sticking up at odd angles, most likely from being stuffed under the hood of his sweatshirt. He looked relaxed, and almost…bored. He looked like he could care less about where he was. His expression was akin to one you might see on a bored child at a particularly long winded family gathering. The young man’s face was turned down, but not so that Steve couldn’t make out his hooded eyes, and the absolutely sinful curve of his red lips. He was stunning, and in skinny jeans and a rumpled gray hoodie he formed the picture of disinterest and apathy.The blond haired officer started, mentally chiding himself. He should, by no means, be seeing this man as anything other that a patron. He was here because he broke the law, and it was St
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Police officer Steve
Delinquent Bucky
Police Officer AU
Cop AU
Bucky is a little shit
Flirting
Sexual Tension
Vandalism
Neck Kissing
Grinding
Underage Drinking
Kissing
First Kiss
Anal
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Biting
Rough Sex
Rough Kissing
Eventual Smut
Resolved Sexual Tension
Rutting
Angst
Handcuffs
fucking over a desk
Blow Jobs
Riding
Nipple Play
Top Steve
Bottom Bucky
Dom/sub Undertones

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

