Work Text:
It starts, of all things, after a doctor's appointment.
Dr Goldstein is a New York institution. He's pushing eighty-five and he has a magnificent Bronx accent, plus a black leather doctor's bag, ear hair, a cranky attitude, the works. He was Tony’s father's doctor, and Tony's mother's doctor, and Tony's cousin Morgan's doctor, and old Jarvis the butler's doctor, and he's doctor to half the little old ladies on the Upper East Side -- and, when Tony is in New York, he is Tony's doctor.
Tony hasn't been back to New York since before the whole Iron Man thing, so this is the first time Dr Goldstein has seen the arc reactor. When Tony takes his shirt off, Dr Goldstein's intensely bushy eyebrows go up, up, up.
"Why on Earth would you do that to yourself?" he asks, tapping the safety glass with the earpiece of his stethoscope.
Tony shrugs. "It seemed like the thing to do at the time," he says. He's never gotten to use that line before.
Dr Goldstein scowls. "If you want to save your heart, mister, try eating more vegetables. Now take a deep breath, there we go."
It's indescribably comforting to be fussed over by an old Jewish curmudgeon, and be called 'mister', and have his wrist held and his pulse taken by someone who saw him grow up instead of the prim, faceless strangers at SHIELD or the asshole he sees in Malibu. He says, "Doc, I missed you."
 "If that were true, you would have remembered to send me a birthday card," Dr Goldstein says without looking up. Tony loves him so much.
Afterwards, Tony buttons his shirt and ties his tie all in a rush, and runs out into the lobby without buttoning his jacket. He finds Steve near the door of the building, body angled like he wants to make a break for it. Steve is staring around the lobby at the deep brown sheen of the wood paneling, and the brass fixtures, and the mirrored walls and the yellow lights, and he turns to Tony with a relieved look on his face and says, "There you are. I was wondering if I had the right place."
"Honestly," Tony says, "you could just close your eyes and walk towards the smell of money, and you'd find me." He can joke about this, now. Their friendship is still new, but he can make these jokes.
Steve smiles, and then stops smiling, and then sort of half-smiles awkwardly, and hmmm. Maybe Tony can’t make these jokes yet.
"Anyway," he says, "you hungry? We’re close to the place."
They’re going to Petrossian, because if Tony has to put up with East Coast winters and New Yorkers then by God he's going to treat himself to some caviar. Also, Petrossian is one of the few places that have been around since Steve was younger, even though Steve never went. They're a couple blocks away, and Tony takes a minute to enjoy the tall, gunmetal-gray buildings all around them and the burgundy awnings, the old women in wool coats and the steam rising out of the sewer grates. They turn the corner onto Seventh Avenue, walking past Carnegie Hall, and Tony automatically looks up at the elaborately carved stonework of that one building on Seventh and 58th, like the doorway of a cathedral. So, he doesn't notice that Steve has stopped walking until he hears Steve say, "What in the world is that?"
Tony looks down, and -- "Oh," he says. "That's Scabby the Union Rat."
Someone set it up in front of an anonymous apartment building at the corner of 57th. It sits perched on the back of a black pick-up truck, with a little sign hanging off the back bumper that says, "LIVE UNION OR DIE HARD" -- a sentiment that's both baffling and a little worrisome.
Tony has never really known how to feel about Scabby. When he was younger it scared the bejeesus out of him, with its huge and nasty sharp-fanged scowl and the way it teetered in the wind. As a businessman, he doesn't like anyone telling him what to do. But, as an asshole, he firmly believes that anyone should be able to hassle anyone at any time, and he loves the wackiness of the whole thing. He supposes that makes him solidly neutral. Steve is staring at the giant blow-up rat like he's never fought crime before.
"Is it like a -- no, you should tell me, what does it do?" Steve asks.
Tony says, "It annoys people, is what it does."
"What?" Steve turns to him and frowns, and Tony remembers for the millionth time that, oh right, Steve grew up in the same era as Tony’s grandma, and sarcasm doesn't work on him.
Tony says, "Okay. I'm telling you this because it might save you one day: the welder's union and the nurse's union and the costumer's union are serious shit, and you don’t want to cross them."
"I know that," Steve says, raising his eyebrows. "No, what does it do? How does it replace -- where's the picket line?"
Tony shrugs. "I don't know, back at their houses? We do this now."
Steve looks over at the rat, and says, "This can't be enough."
Tony rises his eyebrows. "A giant rubber monster that shames businessfolk can't be enough? What would be, then?"
Steve shakes his head. "It doesn't seem like anyone cares." He sounds sad, an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
unions
Feel-good
Mentions of canon character death
Romance
Mentions of non-canon character suicide

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

