Chapter 1: the beginning
    




Chapter Text
April 30th, 2018 “Peter!” MJ’s voice broke into his mind, shattering the blanket of rest that had begun to settle. He jumped in his seat, eyes opening. “There you are. Nice of you to join us.” “Sorry! Sorry.” Peter mumbled, drawing his legs up onto the chair and settling his chin on them.MJ rolled her eyes with a small smile and spoke once more, “Now that I have everyone’s attention, I’m going to hand the rest of the meeting over to Mr. Harrington for... whatever super-special announcement he has.”MJ stood from her place at the head of the table, coming to settle next to Ned and Peter as Mr. Harrington took her seat, looking like a child who’d heard the music of an ice cream truck. “Alright! Okay. This is so exciting! Kiddos, as a result of our hard work with Academic Decathalon and a few personal achievements from you guys, we’ve been invited somewhere that not many groups are.” This piqued attention from some of the students, while others sat silently and awaited the announcement of what Mr. Harrington considered to be exciting. “We’re going on a field trip! You’ll all need to have the permission slip signed by a parent or guardian, as well as an NDA and a few other documents. Without them, you won’t be allowed in. We’re set to go on May 18th, and I already made sure that none of you have any AP tests that day.”At the mention of an NDA and “other documents”, the students sat up in their chairs, their eyes alight and excitement growing. Cindy was the first to break, asking, “Are you going to tell us where we’re going?”The teacher grinned, clasped his hands, and announced: “Stark Tower!” A moment of silence passed, and then the room erupted. Among the gaggle of happy students, Peter Parker groaned and hit his head on the table as MJ laughed and Ned patted him on the back. Flash was the first to regain his sanity, rounding on Peter. “Guess you’ll finally be proved a liar, Penis Parker.”Peter didn’t bother to respond, but MJ’s voice rang out without hesitation. “Just out of curiosity, is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that comes of your mouth?” Flash’s face burned red, and Peter snorted against the table. “You’ll get what’s coming to you, freak. You think you’re so high and mighty, but you’re just a weird bitch with two friends who no one can stand to be around for longer than they need to be.”Peter started to pick his head up—he could handle it, but  no one  got to say shit like that about his friends—but let it drop back down when MJ just laughed and said, “In order to insult me, I’d have to actually value your opinion. My middle finger salutes you, asshole. I trust you can find the door on your own without tripping over your shockingly low IQ?” Ned laughed, covering it with a cough as Mr. Harrington, still out of earshot, looked their way.“Meeting’s over! Everyone grab one of each of these slips and make sure you have them signed and back to me by the 8th. It’s a full-day field trip, but it’ll be worth it! It’s on a Friday, so it should be alright with everyone’s parents.”Everyone rushed towards the front of the room, grabbing at pieces of paper. Flash threw a glare towards MJ but he, too, walked up to the front. Only the three of them were left sitting, Ned laughing, MJ smirking, and Peter slowly picking his head up. “What am I going to  do  ? I can’t go, they’ll embarrass me! But I can’t just  not  go, that’s like handing Flash a loaded gun and giving him permission to shoot me. Repeatedly.”Ned gave him a sympathetic look, his laughter fading. “Come on Peter, you have to! You can finally prove him wrong!” Ned’s eyes went wide, a smile spreading across his face. “Oh my god, we’re going to Stark Tower! Do you think we’ll meet the avengers? Will they let us see some labs? Who leads the tours? Do we get our own badges? Do you think-”“Ned!” MJ cut him off, rolling her eyes with a small smile. “You’ve been there tons of times. You’ve met the avengers. You literally have your own badge.”Ned frowned for a moment, but spoke with the very same elation when he said, “I know, but  still !”Peter smiled, looking at his two best friends. If he was going to do this, at least he would have them with him. He wouldn't be forced to endure it on his own. Standing up with a long-suffering sigh and a stretch, he said, “Fine, fine. I’ll go. But I fully expect you two to pay for the copious amounts of therapy I’ll need after this disaster of a field trip to the place I literally live.”MJ snorted. “You say that like Tony didn’t put you in therapy a month after he met you because you have him completely wrapped around your finger. But sure, I’ll ‘pay for your therapy’ with the money I don’t have.”Ned grabbed them both by their arms, dragging them to the front to get their slips so that they could leave. Mr. Harrington smiled at them as they took theirs and trailed after the students making their way to the wall where they always dropped their backpacks. Peter dragged his conver
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Parley
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Protective Harley Keener
Soft Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Bisexual Peter Parker
Gay Harley Keener
Gay Panic
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is a Mess
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
BAMF Michelle Jones
Protective Michelle Jones
Lesbian Michelle Jones
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker Friendship
Not Canon Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Slow Burn
at least that's the plan
no promises
I'm running out of tags
Fluff and Angst
High School
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Avengers
Peter Parker Lives in Avengers Tower
Stark Tower
Everyone Is Alive
Mental Health Issues
more angst than i intended sorry?
Anxiety
peter has a guilt complex
sorry - Freeform
Abandonment Issues
actual plot after the field trip i promise
fluff is you squint in the beginning and plenty later on
Trauma
Irondad

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

