Work Text:
When Bucky fuzzily regains consciousness—and he’s used to this experience so the disorientation’s almost familiar—he’s not in a hospital, thank God. One of the few things he said to Steve when he first put his head down in Steve’s apartment was that he didn’t want to wake up in any hospitals ever again. No medical equipment or drips or any of that unless it was life-saving necessary.Steve gave his word and stuck to it, Bucky thinks fondly, and that’s why Bucky's in their room in their “apartment” (that they barely visit) in Avengers Tower. Probably Bruce is just a floor away.And Steve is right here, napping, with his head on his arm on Bucky’s bed. No visible hurts to Steve’s arm or his dear idiot face, Bucky notes with relief, and Steve’s sleeping comfortably; the fight must have ended soon after Bucky went down, or else the shield just did its job and protected Captain America. Bucky ought to let Steve sleep, but he can’t help himself—it helps to hear Steve’s voice, see the look in his eyes—so he gives Steve’s arm a nudge. Steve wakes up fast, startling like a cat and then immediately frowning in worry at Bucky.“I’m fine, buddy,” Bucky says—hoarsely—and squeezes Steve's fingers gently in reassurance. It’s pretty much true, though; just one more nap and the super-serum will take care of the aches he’s feeling now. Steve frowns at Bucky anyway, eyes big with concern, and Bucky twines his hand with Steve’s before he drops off again.When Bucky wakes up again, Steve is clattering around in the apartment’s fancy kitchen. Bucky peels himself out of bed, considers washing his face, and then instead shuffles down the hallway to see what Steve’s doing. As it turns out, Steve is banging cupboard doors around, looking for—“Paprika?” Steve says, straightening up and turning around like he’s been caught picking pockets. “Wanted to make you those eggs you like.”“Yeah, you probably put it on some weird shelf,” Bucky says, rubbing his face. Steve always gets slightly muddled when he’s cooking in their Stark™ Apartment without his favorite spice rack. So Bucky slips his arm around Steve’s waist and roots around among the cans of stuff in the cupboard above the sink. See? Multitasking.It’s kind of a victory when he finds the paprika behind some jars of olives. He tosses it to Steve, only to be met with some kind of reproving look when Steve grabs at it two-handed. “What?” Bucky says.Steve keeps his eye on Bucky as he slowly reaches into the fridge and takes out a carton of eggs.“What?” Bucky says again. He looks down at himself. No, wearing clothes and everything, injuries all gone. Second check: Steve not hurt either. Bucky looks behind him. No Natasha laughing at him from the doorway.He’s confused.Steve just stares Bucky down oddly until Steve finally turns and starts cracking eggs into a pan.Bucky makes the hand signal that means “are we bugged?”“No, we’re fine,” Steve says, frowning again. “Apart from Stark probably always spying on us. Lemme finish this. Gotta make some toast.”Now Bucky’s starting to feel a little unsettled, but all the same he trusts Steve when he says things are fine. So that means it’s a personal thing, not a world-domination-HYDRA class of thing.Bucky sits on the couch and watches Steve’s back move as Steve stirs his eggs and arranges his meal awkwardly on a plate to deliver to Bucky, before returning with his own and sitting next to Bucky, feet propped up on the coffee table in a clear and laudable display of disrespect for Stark’s furnishings. Unfortunately, it’s impossible to hold hands while eating eggs from a plate, or else this might be the definition of happiness. However, the food is fucking amazing, and Bucky says so.“You sure you’re feeling all right?” Steve says, raising an eyebrow.“Look,” Bucky says. “Are you gonna stop giving me the hairy eyeball, or just tell me what the problem is?”All Steve says is, “You’re such an idiot.” He brushes some of Bucky’s hair off his forehead. “I’m gonna call Banner up to check you for a concussion.”“Can’t get concussions,” Bucky points out, but that doesn’t stop Steve from actually following through on his word.An hour later, after lots of scans involving colored light and apparently nothing else, Banner and Stark’s creepy computer together proclaim Bucky totally healthy (or at least at his normal level of health, including all the normal issues with the arm and everything). So far, so good, but then Banner seems to have caught the hairy eyeball from Steve. He looks at Bucky, then at Steve, then back to Bucky. There’s actually some kind of conversation held only in looks that’s going on between Banner and Steve.“Seriously, what,” Bucky says. He has checked in reflective surfaces; there is not anything drawn on his face.“Uhm. I’m gonna head out, but if you need anything, you know. Let me know,” Banner says.“Glad you don’t have a concussion,” Steve says, leaning to kiss Bucky on the forehead, and then Bucky forgets all about the weird thing for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Kisses

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

