Work Text:

Day 000
This is awesome. Like Christmas, his birthday and the North American International Auto Show all rolled into one epic win. Tony stands before his three way mirror and runs his hands over his glorious tits. They’re at least a C-cup. He’s going to need a bra.Tony explores his new curves; his hips are slightly wider and his ass is not bootylicious enough for him. Tony tilts his head and thinks he has excellent bone structure and that his short pixie cut actually works. He looks like a smoking hot doily dyke. Eat your heart out Portia DeGeneres. 




Just Dance (It’s Gonna Be Okay)

 
Day 001
They all wake up sex-swapped in the morning. Tony discovers the change when Clint runs into Steve and his room screaming bloody murder and raving about “my johnston, my johnston, something happened to my johnston!”Thirty minutes later they all pile into the kitchen. T’Challa and Thor act nonplussed. Tony suspects they're too proud (or maybe too regal) to let something as insignificant as sexual appearance affect their masculinity. Hank’s giddy. He keeps pawing at Jan as he rambles about “science” and “fascinating implications” and “running tests!” Steve’s surprisingly quiet as he stands in the corner.“How happen?” asks the green Amazon goddess that Hulk morphed into. He is so hot. Tony thinks Bruce should stay that way. They need more girls on the team.“No idea,” Tony says with a wicked grin. “But I know what it means.”They all stare at him. Tony says, “I get to fulfill my lifelong fantasy of having lesbian sex.” 
Day 002
Steve’s not as excited about hot girl-on-girl action as Tony. Tony will change his mind.“I look ridiculous,” Steve says. They’re back in their bedroom. Tony locks the door and leans against it, taking in all of Steve’s new form. Steve still wears his regular clothes which don’t fit his new body. It’s super sexy, like a girlfriend wearing her boyfriend’s clothes.Tony attacks him, using Steve’s lack of body mass and weight to push Steve onto the bed. Steve flops onto their bed and scrambles to sit up with his elbows. “You look divine.” Tony straddles Steve and kisses his breasts, his perfect, plump breasts. So perfect that Joan from Mad Man would weep. “Ingrid Bergman would die of shame at the sight of you.”Steve blushes.Tony sucks at Steve’s nipples and then drags his tongue up Steve’s neck. “Tony,” Steve catches his breath. “Wait.”“Let me think about that.” Tony slams his mouth against Steve’s. “Naah...”Steve groans. He flips Tony and pins him to the bed. “I said wait.”“We have no idea how long this will last.” Tony bats his eyelashes and beams. “We need to take advantage of this opportunity. Now, are you going to make me experience the mythic multiple orgasm alone or we going to try it together?” 
Day 003
Tony’s never been so happy in his life: Steve has fully embraced Tony’s lesbian fantasies.Hank keeps banging on the door, raving about “tests” and “needing to document your observations” and --“FUCK OFF, HANK.” Tony groans into his pillow. Steve just chuckles. Tony turns to Steve, “Speaking of fucking?” 
Day 004
Tony closes Saks Fifth Avenue for his shopping expedition. Jan’s lucky enough that she can fit into Tony’s wardrobe, so she’s mostly here to supervise (and maybe pick up a few new items).“I feel pretty, oh so pretty. I feel pretty and witty and gaaaay,” Tony sing-songs as he enters the store with the rest of the Avengers.Jessica, their personal shopper, and her team, Victoria and Melinda, eagerly await their arrival.Steve’s downright pissed. “Why are we spending all this money? We don’t know how long we’re gonna stay like this. It’s just excessive, Tony. Can’t we at least go to Loehmann’s?”Tony pivots and gawks at Steve. “I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that.”“I’m not buying anything.”“Think of this as a rite of passage or some gender stereotype that we’re indulging. We’re women. Obviously, we need to go shopping, even if it’s only for a day.”Steve looks to Jan for some support. She just laughs and throws up her hands in mock surrender. “The Hell I’m picking a side.”Steve says, “No.”“Steve, after this is all over we’ll donate all the clothes to some Women’s Shelters – okay? – if it’s only 24 hours than I’ll write off the purchase as a non-profit charity donation. Everything works out.”Steve grumbles.After that it’s an endless fashion show as Jessica leads them from department to department, from designer to designer. No surprise: it’s hard finding chic clothes in Hulk, Steve and Thor’s sizes. Those three spend most of their time watching and making off-handed remarks as Clint, Hank and T’Challa try on garment after garment.“What if Hydra attacks?” Steve says after about two hours.“Here’s hoping Hydra attacks,” Clint says. He stands before them and shows off a black pine-strip suit.Tony walks out of the dressing room in a DVF dress. “Reed’s team’s on it. Clint, you should try on a dress.”“I’m not wearing a dress.”“Don’t know why not?” Tony shrugs. “Kind of like to show a bit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne
Clint Barton/Bruce Banner

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Gender Issues
Mpreg
Community: cap_ironman
Miscarriage
Gender or Sex Swap

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne
Clint Barton/Bruce Banner

