Chapter 1: Faded
    




Chapter Text
Steve has always had two names, one on his right wrist and one on his left. It's not unheard of, or even uncommon – soulmates die, after all, and sometimes people move on. Steve is five when he meets Bucky and sixteen when it really sinks in. He curls up against Bucky's back and prays that Peggy – whoever, wherever she is – had died young. He hates himself for it a little bit, but the alternative is that he's going to lose Bucky and he can't. He can't. Better the soulmate he's never met than the friend and lover who's been by his side for a decade.But then he meets Peggy, and he hates himself even more.“You can go to her,” Bucky tells him once, and only once, because Bucky is a good person but he's not completely selfless. “She already loves you, you idiot, you could go have disturbingly pretty babies with her.”Steve had actually invited her to come back to his tent and talk to him and Bucky, but she had demurred. “Maybe soon,” she had said, tangling her fingers in his. “I didn't expect to have to share you, Steve. Let me think about how this would work, and how I would feel about it. I'm not going to do this if I can't be fair to Bucky. After all, you've been his far longer than you've been mine.”She'd kissed his wrist, both of them, so he knew she wasn't mad. But she also hadn't come in all the nights since, and Steve had stopped asking because he didn't want to push her into it. It hurts a little, a quiet ache in his chest, when he sees her and knows she won't be with him, but he can deal. And Bucky is safe and alive and already everything Steve has ever needed. And then Bucky falls. And Steve, for just a minute, considers falling with him.He finishes his mission, returns to base, tries his best to get drunk. Peggy finds him eventually and takes him back  to her tent, bundles him up in her bed. She doesn't touch him or kiss him and Steve understands that she's giving him a place to rest that won't be filled with memories of Bucky. She's giving him one night where he can let himself think of something else.Bucky's name doesn't fade from his wrist. It happens like that sometimes, for soulmates who never move on. Steve doesn't know what that means when he still has Peggy's name on his other wrist. And he never gets to find out, because he only outlives Bucky by a few days.When he wakes up a lifetime in the future, Peggy's name is still there.Peggy is still there. He tracks her down, even though SHIELD not-so-subtly discourages him. And she's still beautiful even though she's a grandmother and living in a nursing home. Her eyes are still so bright, and her smile is still infectious. She can still put him in his place.The third time he comes to visit, she takes his hand in his and turns it so she can see Bucky's name, still dark against Steve's skin. “I have to tell you something,” she says.Her wrists are tiny in his hands, the flesh thin and delicate. On her right wrist, the name “Gabe” is spelled out in precise print. Her left wrist is blank.“I never stopped loving you,” she tells him, holding his hand in both of hers. “I never did. But I thought you were lost to me and I moved on.”Steve kisses her wrists, both of them, and pats the back of her hand. “It's okay,” he tells her, and it mostly is. She's had a long and happy life and he wouldn't have wanted her to waste seventy years waiting for a man she'd barely had the chance to know. “You were his a lot longer than you were mine, anyway.”She remembers the words, he can tell and she cries, but she's smiling through it.After that she shows him pictures of her children and grandchildren and two tiny little great-grandbabies. Steve doesn't regret his name being gone, not if her Gabe had given her such a good life.He goes to visit her in between missions. Her memory gets worse and worse and he can feel her slipping away from him sometimes. He doesn't know when it happened. Only that one day she takes his hand and runs her fingers over his pulsepoint and the skin is clear and pale as if it had never been marked at all.“Good boy,” she says firmly. “Now go find someone who's name will last another ninety years. You deserve that chance.”(It takes a year, another invasion, three near-death experiences and some of the best sex Steve has ever had. But one morning he's reaching for the orange juice and he sees it. Tony's name is scrawled across his skin. And he knows that will never fade.)
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Threesome - M/M/M
Pre-Threesome
Relationship Negotiation
Established Relationship
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

