Work Text:
One of the things Tony loves about New York is that when they see a celebrity who is very obviously busy, they tend to leave them alone.
He’s eternally grateful for this as he attempts to coax his three year old off the linoleum where he’s sitting, crosslegged and stubborn with his arms folded, glaring at the cashier who looks like she can’t decide to be intimidated or amused.
Tony sighs, moves his trolley out of the way of the line and waves the next customer forwards. “It’s fine, we’re gonna be here a while,” he says, and sits down next to Jamie, who pointedly doesn’t look at him.
"We’ve been over this," Tony says, reminding himself to be patient as his own father never was for him. His motto for parenting so far has been think of what Dad would do and then do the opposite, and it’s been working out pretty well so far.
Jamie just pouts, hunching into his shoulders, and scoots away angrily when Tony tries to touch him. 
"If you have candy now, you won’t be hungry for dinner later," Tony says. "Remember that one time I let you?"
Jamie doesn’t answer, just glares harder at the cashier like this is all her fault. 
"You ate two bites of your dinner and then you were full," Tony points out, and this time when he puts a hand on Jami’e small back, Jamie lets him.
"Don’t ‘memba that," Jamie snaps finally, and Tony rubs a palm along his spine. 
"Yeah, I didn’t think you would. You were, what, two? Anyway, I learned my lesson, so no candy before dinner, bud.”
Jamie whines, long and loud and getting a good few people to stare at them. Tony sees a camera flash out of the corner of his eye, and turns around to glare at the guy who took a picture.
“Do you mind,” Tony asks with a polite smile, and the guy shoves his camera in his pocket and starts a guilty walk away. Tony turns back to Jamie, who is utterly absorbed in his candy crisis and is back to shooting daggers at the cashier, who is trying her best to ignore him.
Tony supposes they must make a sight: Tony Stark, sitting casually on the floor of a supermarket with his three year old who looks like he could make the building go up in flames if he glares hard enough.
“Tell you what,” Tony tries. “We can do two puzzles before bedtime if you come home with me now.”
Jamie’s limbs slowly untighten, and Tony sees a light at the end of the tunnel.
“Two whole puzzles,” Tony continues. “Maybe even the tricky ones with a lot of sky bits. I know I love the sky bits, do you love the sky bits?”
“Yeah,” Jamie admits sullenly, uncrossing his arms. “They’re hard to do, but that’s fun. They make my brain work stuff good.”
“They make my brain work stuff good too,” Tony tells him, and when he gets up, Jamie follows suit.
Jamie grabs up for Tony’s hand, which Tony gives him while steering the trolley with his free hand, and they resume their place in line.
“Hey, no cutting,” a woman says from behind them, and a man just behind them says in an oddly familiar voice, “It’s fine, ma’am, they just ducked out for a second.”
The woman scowls, and then her face goes pinched as she tries to figure out where she’s seen Tony, and Tony turns to the man behind him to thank him before the words shrivel up in his throat.
Oh.
“Hi,” the man says, Steve says, sheepish and confused and scratching the back of his neck like he always did when he was nervous back when Tony knew him. “I thought that was you, but I didn’t, uh. I heard about it, but I didn’t, um.”
Steve waves a hand towards Jamie, who mistakes it for an actual wave and waves back. “Hello,” Steve says to Jamie, who grins, all drama from the candy crisis forgotten.
“Hi, I’m Jamie,” Jamie says. “Do you know my dad? My dad knows a bunch of people.”
“I, yeah,” Steve nods helplessly, gaze darting up to Tony before going back to Jamie. “I used to know your dad, about ten years ago.”
“Wow, you’re old,” Jamie gasps, and Steve laughs.
“I feel like it, sometimes.”
The cashier clears her throat, and Tony turns to see it’s their turn. He starts stacking things onto the conveyer belt.
Jamie asks if he can help, and Tony says, “Of course,” and lifts him up into the trolley so he can hand Tony things, most of which Tony helps him with, since they’re too heavy for a three year old to carry on their own.
Tony catches Steve smiling bemusedly at him and snorts. “I know, I was the last person to think I’d end up- like this,” he says, carefully avoiding ending the sentence with ‘as a father,’ because so far he’s managed not to let slip that for the first twenty-eight years of his life he was convinced he would never have kids, would never want kids, would only fuck up a kid if they ever came into his life.
“You’re good at it,” Steve says, sounding weirdly unsurprised, like most people who knew Tony Way Back When are when they find out that Tony is a half-decent dad.
Jamie hands Tony a jug of milk, nearly dropping it as he does, and Tony squeezes his shoulder. “Thanks, bud,” he says to Jamie, and then, to Steve: “I try.”
“I can tell,” Steve says, smiling t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Fic
single father tony stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

