Work Text:
In the dim, fizzing light of the single bulb in the bathroom, Bucky twists this way and thatl. He cranes his neck to see if anything’s showed up somewhere on his back - it’s always a mystery where and when they’ll show up, but every night for the six days leading up to his birthday he’s been checking regularly. He lifts his arms to check beneath, on his ribs. He remembers the aunt of a friend had hers show up on the bottom of her foot, and hops awkward and storklike, all gangling long limbs in the tiny closet of a bathroom, just to check. Nothing, same as the last six nights. Just the same as the last six nights, he’s just about to pull his drawers off and check his ass (stranger things have happened, the pamphlets they’d all gotten in 9th-grade biology had said as much!) when Rebecca starts pounding on the door with both fists. Bucky nearly crawls out of his skin, thinking for sure he’d been quick enough this time. “For Chrissakes, Buck -”“Rebecca, watch your language!” Ma admonishes half-heartedly from the living room. “Ma, he’s taking forever,” Rebecca groans from outside the bathroom, “and it’s not like his Words are gonna show up while he’s looking for them!” “At least I’m gonna have Words,” Bucky hollers back at his sister through the door. “Unlike certain little pests who keep trying to barge in on their brothers!” “James, that was uncalled for,” Ma calls from the living room. “Stop checking and let your sister in, the rest of us have to use the washroom too.” Rebecca scowls at him after he’s pulled on his pyjamas and opened the bathroom door, like she isn’t going to monopolize the bathroom for an hour to prod and and poke her fresh crop of pimples. She’s thirteen, and Words are the least of her concerns right now, compared to the fresh anguish Bucky’s felt every second for the past three weeks approaching his birthday. For the past week he hasn’t been able to sleep all that great. Most important day of his life is tomorrow, and he has no idea what the Words are gonna be or who’s gonna say them. It makes him feel a little sick with nerves if he thinks about it too long.Becca crowds him out and slams the door for good measure. The downstairs neighbor thumps on his roof in complaint, but not as hard as he usually does, so he can’t be that mad. Bucky sighs and tromps into the kitchen, pouring himself a glass of water before settling on the sofa in the living room with a heavy sigh. His stomach is twisted in knots, and it’s hard to drink the water. He turns sixteen tomorrow. “Don’t do that,” ma says, not lifting her eyes from the sock she’s darning. “Makes you sound like your pop, I’m not ready for both of the men in my life to sigh like that.” “Ma,” Bucky begins, and hell if his voice doesn’t crack. He feels himself grow hot in the cheeks and tries again. “Ma, what’s it like getting the Words for the first time?” “You get used to it,” ma says plainly. “For the first week or so it’s like you can’t get rest nor relief, because all you’re thinking about is what that stranger is going to say next, or if the Words are anything like what someone you know would say. After that you’re so tired you sort of stop taking notice of them until they’re Said to you in person.” Bucky mulls on that for a while, still feeling tight in the gut. He thinks about something else, and feels himself blush again. “And what if - the sort of person saying them is - will you and Pop like them, if I’m supposed to be with them?” At that, Ma does look up from her darning. She peers at him over her little eyeglasses, and Bucky can’t quite tell what she’s thinking. “Your father and I believe that the Words are the Lord’s way of guiding us to be the best person we can be through the most important relationship we’ll ever have,” she says at last. “A lot of folks disagree with this, but as far as we’re concerned if the person who speaks your Words is a young lady or a young man, we’ll love them just as much as we love you.” That night in his creaky bed Bucky tosses and turns until Rebecca lobs her pillow at him from the other side of the room and snaps, “Go sleep on the couch, fer cryin’ out loud.” The couch is lumpy but he’s able to curl up into a ball with his pillow and quilt, and like that it’s easier to pretend like he’s not shaking with nerves. Around three he slips off into a fitful doze, and wakes in a cold sweat when the sky outside the apartment windows has turned steely gray touched with blue around the edges. It’s a cold morning in March. Words have appeared painlessly on the inside of his left arm, beneath his pyjama shirt. He checks them over and over again in the bathroom mirror, staring at the small letters until his vision blurs.Ma cooks him pancakes and bacon for his birthday breakfast, and Pop surprises him with a little parcel wrapped in brown paper- the pocketwatch his own father brought over with him from Cork, which has a large dent in the case and has to be wound religiously, but Bucky loves it more than he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Magical Tattoos
Gay Bar
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

