Chapter 1: An ending
    




Chapter Text

Loki knew that it was a fool’s attempt to even think of stabbing Thanos. It would fail. He knew it. Yet he decided to enact the foolish act because it was one way to ensure Thor’s survival. His magic was too drained for him to even attempt to attack Thanos, especially since his gauntlet was channeling the power stone. He won’t be able to put up a fight at all. So he would try that attempt because if he is dead then Thanos won’t kill Thor. A balance which Thanos loved walking.
 
The irony is that after all he had gone through with Thor, here he was taking his final steps and give up his life just to protect his brother. He gave Thor one last smile as he looked at him and held the dagger tightly. 
 
After all they had been to this is what it came down too. And he had actually thought in the spaceship that he could actually live a life rebuilding Asgard as he had buried the hatchet with Thor. He had been foolish to hope. He looked away from Thor and took the step which he knew wouldn’t end well. In seconds he felt his breath draining out of him and his consciousness started sinking in darkness. He could hear Thor’s screams as darkness prevailed and overtook him.
 
 
Choking, Loki’s eyes widened and he tightly clutched his throat. His breathing was heavy as his mind processed the last thing he felt which had been Thanos choking the life out of him. His mind was ringing away as he tried to make sense how he had even been able to wake up.
 
He had escaped death many times but this time he had truly thought he was going to die permanently. But as his senses took things in despite the chaos ringing in his mind, Loki realised he wasn’t in the planet with Thanos anymore. He felt no sense of coldness, no air, nor could he hear anyone’s sound. Hell, all he could feel was the solid surface of a chair and warmth;. Warmth from being indoors. A situation which also didn’t make sense. If he survived miraculously he should still be there. And he wasn’t a prisoner as he didn’t feel bound.
 
As he caught his breath he tentatively opened his eyes to observe where he was. The sight was enough to shock him into oblivion nearly. For when he did open his eyes he noticed the green and gold patterns in the walls of a very familiar room. His...his bedroom inside the palace. 
 
His eyes widened as he took in the setting. It was real yet it felt uncanny. Too unreal. He couldn’t believe it. Was this him hallucinating while he was dying. He pinched himself but he felt the pain so this wasn’t a hallucination. Was this Valhalla? It didn’t make sense. Valhalla wasn’t said to be anything like this.
 
He looked down and noticed that he was sitting on the chair which he had in his room, his study area.
 
“What is going on? This does not make any sense…” he trailed as he spoke out-loud.
 
Loki held his head when suddenly he heard a booming voice and he heard the creaking of his door opening wide. 
 
“Brother! You have got to stop hiding away and wasting your time reading books! Join me in an adventure with my comrades!” Thor shouted as he marched inside his room. Loki felt himself freezing as he stared at the young...ridiculously young version of Thor. Gone was the short hair and odd coloured eyes that his current brother had and instead he saw two blue eyes and the long blond mane which his brother had lost years ago. This Thor was not the brother he had. This Thor was looking at him with a beaming smile, arrogance dripping from him. His mind was still in a chaotic confusion and he was staring at Thor feeling like gaping but his mask and years of pretending was too good to break despite the confusion.
 
Loki blinked and he looked at this odd ‘Thor’ with his best mask on.
 
“As riveting as this sounds brother, I would rather spend my time reading tonight then join you and your merry band” Loki spoke it, his voice stable despite the chaos that was happening inside his mind. He couldn’t work out if this was a hallucination, delusion, a weird version of Valhalla or reality. But everything including the noises, Thor’s look and behaviour was too realistic to be fake. It felt too real.
 
He observed this young Thor and noticed that he was making the similar expression his brother at this age would have. His eyes dimmed but a knowing look overtook him as he gave a booming laugh once more. He patted his shoulder and spoke incredibly loudly.
 
“Fine, you enjoy your time with those dusty old books. You will be missing out on a grand adventure!!” Thor shouted as he patted his shoulder. If Loki had his younger self’s mind he would find this patronising but he could now he knew what a big of an braindead oaf sometimes and these words were more of his thoughtless action and less of a taunt which he used to assume. He gave him a stilted smile and pushed Thor’s hand off his shoulder.

“Go have fun then, I will stay here” Loki spoke as he looked at Thor. That was all Thor needed for reassurance as he turned around and w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Back to the beginning
Sentient Infinity Stones (Marvel)
Overpowered Loki
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Infinity War (Marvel Comics)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker

