Chapter 1: It's Never That Simple
    




Chapter Text
“Okay Matt, you called us all together. Now what’s the issue that you don’t want to bring up in front of the rest of the team yet?” Carol Danvers asked. 
“Since you asked for us I’m assuming it’s something magical,” Stephen gestured towards Loki who looked bored.
The four of them were getting coffee at the team’s favourite café. Matt had said that he wanted privacy from even Friday for this.
Matt sighed, rubbing his face. “You know that Tony and I ran into Barton while we were sparring yesterday?”
Carol raised an eyebrow. “Yes? Friday informed me.”
Matt leaned back in his seat. “Something was off during the entire thing. And it took me a while to figure out what. There was this weird… energy. Sort of buzzing around Barton’s head. I only realised last night that it’s the same energy that’s around Maximoff. I only ran into her that one time when we were explaining the pardons for the nth time so that’s why it took me a while to connect it.”
Stephen and Carol had straightened up and were watching him closely. Loki still looked relaxed but his eyes were sharp.
“Are you suggesting that she’s influencing Barton?” Carol demanded, in her Captain ‘is my team in danger’ mode.
Matt pursed his lips. “Possibly. I can’t say for sure since magic’s not my area. But if it was just a result of being around her then the others would have it. But they don’t. I’ve only felt it on Barton. Not that I've been around any of them for long.”
Stephen glanced at Loki. “Did you notice anything when you saw Barton?”
Loki frowned and shook his head. “No. But he was right beside the little witch so it wouldn’t have registered as odd for her magic to be surrounding them all.”
Carol let out a sharp sigh. “This makes things a lot more complicated.”
Matt nodded in grim agreement. “If he’s being influenced…”
They exchanged sombre looks.
“You explained the pardons and Accords to Rogers,” Stephen said. “Did you notice anything then?”
Matt shook his head. “The only one I’ve noticed it on was Barton. And…” he hesitated. The others waited patiently. “From what I’ve heard, Tony and Barton were pretty good friends until Ultron.”
“Until Maximoff showed up,” Carol murmured. “By that point Tony already had an unhealthy relationship with the rest of the Avengers. Especially Rogers and Romanoff. The only healthy friendships he had were Bruce and Barton.”
“And the witch appears and ends up driving Bruce away,” Stephen put his tea down, expression severe. “That left Barton.” He glanced at Loki who actually looked a little guilty.
“It’s possible. The Mind Stone might have left a sort of, back door, into his mind. She could have taken advantage of that,” he admitted.
“So she gets onto the team, all the blame for Ultron lands on Tony’s shoulders and she destroys the last remaining good friendship he has on that team, turning Barton into one of her main protectors,” Carol said with barely contained fury.
“It could be unintentional,” Loki pointed out. “Subconscious.”
“I don’t think that makes it better,” Matt sighed. “Also, she must be aware she’s doing something. When we left, Tony told Barton that Laura was coming to the Compound because she was tired of Maximoff hanging up every time she called him.”
They exchanged another glance.
“She doesn’t want to lose one of her protectors,” Stephen murmured. “Laura would notice if something was off. She's an ex-agent herself. And possibly even jar some sense into his head, making him notice his own behaviour.”
“What about the defences you and Loki set up?” Carol asked with a frown. “How would she be controlling him with those everywhere? They can’t leave the Compound.”
“If it was already in place, then the defences wouldn’t pick it up,” Stephen sighed. “She just can’t maintain it. That would be picked up by the wards.”
Loki nodded, looking thoughtful. “It would also take an active scan of Barton to reveal any mental manipulation.”
“Which we need permission for,” Matt groaned.
They all grimaced. Those rules about no using magic on a person without their permission were for protection. It was annoying that Maximoff could take advantage of it.
“Then what do we do?” Carol asked. “We can’t just leave them and we have no evidence to intervene.”
“As I said earlier, she can’t maintain it. That kind of spell requires regular upkeep,” Stephen mused, glancing at Loki. 
The mage nodded in agreement. “It would unravel and grow unstable. He might start to notice the effects himself.”
“So we’ve got to hope he notices and comes to us for help?” Matt asked dubiously.
“There isn’t another option,” Carol rubbed her temples, feeling a headache coming on.
“Do we tell the others?” Loki asked.
“Yes,” Carol said immediately, sitting up again. “We’re not going to have secrets in our team.”
“This isn’t going to be fun,” Matt muttered. “Tony won’t take it well.”
They all grimaced in agreement.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
not wanda maximoff friendly

fandom: 
None
