Work Text:
Peter glanced up from his key board for the first time in hours. Pepper said he was just like Tony in that regard. He always needed someone to pull him out of the odd flow state that coding put him into.He sat in the only comfortable chair in Tony’s lab, a second hand armchair with what he called ‘character’ and Pepper called ‘totally against the color scheme’. It was a bright yellow, which was in complete contradiction to the muted grays of the modern lab, but it was allowed to stay because Peter grinned whenever he saw it. A tap on the shoulder returned Peter from his thoughts. He really should add another redundancy to prevent accidental firing. Another tap. And he was back. “Almost done. Give me a sec.” Three more lines until he got to a stopping point. Five more if he added a comment.“Where’s Tony?” It wasn’t Pepper asking. The voice was deeper. An assistant?//Add a redundancy.
//Maybe check commands to see testing times.“He went to Wakanda.” Peter glanced up.   The Avengers were circled around his chair. Steve, Natasha, and Bruce were here. Interesting. He should get some groceries on his way home. They’d cost 34.98 after tax if he got the off brand cereal. “I assume you need him and he’s not answering his texts.”“Yes,” said Steve. “When will he be back?” “Have you asked Pepper?” Steve grimaced. Bruce looked pointedly in another direction. “Last time we did that, we got the whole ‘I’m not a grown man’s keeper’ spiel,” said Natasha. Steve was fiddling with the edge of his shirt. Fiddling meant nervousness. Nervousness meant something was wrong. Bruce’s eyebrows were knitted together. Natasha was unnaturally still. “Fine. I’ll help.” He had just enough time before he needed to head home. Coding could wait until tomorrow if this was urgent. “What did you do?”“Nothing,” said Natasha. “Thank you for your help. We will be on our way.” She grabbed Steve’s arm.“I mean he’s got to be important if he’s in here,” said Bruce. “Maybe we should give the kid a chance.”Tony was right that the Avengers weren’t intimidating in person. They looked like a group of children hiding something. Sure they could kill him in an instant, but Peter figured it was so unlikely it was impossible. Better to stop this now and actually help them out.“Peter Parker, nice to meet you.” He placed his computer to the side.“Parker?” asked Bruce. “The programmer?”“Among other things.” Peter motioned for the others to show him where to go. “Didn’t you crack that Russian code?” asked Natasha. “Which one?” asked Peter. “The one with the... oh, you know what, never mind.” She brought herself back into the unnatural calm that was so normal for her. “I just assumed you would be older.”Peter followed Steve through outside to a grassy area bordered by windowed halls. As they approached the training grounds, Peter could see what had them all so worked up. The Captain America shield was wedged through a pane of glass next to the training field. Peter laughed. “Really? You got it through triple pane glass? That’s hilarious.”Steve looked at the ground. “Natasha was supposed to catch it.”“I would have died!” said Natasha. “I am, in fact, a normal person. Go get Bucky if you want to play frisbee.” “It’s not a frisbee!” Bruce’s eye roll implied this conversation had been had before. “Then why do you throw it like one?”“Nat, there are only so many ways to throw a disc. I thought you of all people would understand aerodynamics with all your knives.”“My knives are used for their intended purpose. I’m not saying your shield isn’t effective.” She grinned at his red face. “I’m just saying it’s a glorified frisbee.”“Guys,” said Peter. He was standing next to the glass, tapping it in several places. “We can just take the shield out and I’ll call Happy to get the glass replaced. It will be done before Mr. Stark even gets back.”Steve shook his head. “Unfortunately, Wanda is gone until Monday and it’s-”Peter grabbed the edge of the shield and pulled. The glass yielded to him as the disc extracted itself from its prison.“-stuck”A blush flushed Peter’s cheeks. “It’s really all about the angle. You had loosened it up and I just had to tap the right places. Anyhow, glad I could help.” He was still holding the shield. “I’ll send someone to replace the glass. Here you go!” He should really get out of here before he does anything dumb. The shadows cast by the building indicated it was about seven pm.Peter had intended a light throw to Steve. He didn’t expect the shield to be that light! Honestly, he’d been trying to focus, but then he’d seen a dragonfly outside. He liked dragonflies. If he’d been bitten by one would he have grown wings? That would be so cool!Steve ducked and the shield crashed through the glass behind him. It kept flying in a curve until it came flying back through a different pane of glass. Blessedly, Steve caught it.“Peter!” said a voice from behind him. Mr. Stark.“Only two of the windows were me!” Despite the annoyed look on Mr. Stark’s face, Pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

freeform: 
BAMF Peter Parker
Identity Reveal
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Precious Peter Parker
Genius Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

