Chapter 1: Promise (4)
    




Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes couldn’t breathe. It wasn’t something he was used to. He could outrun all the boys in his class by almost a full second, and was always the last to call it quits after a long day in the sun, dripping sweat and begging for just one more inning, aw c’mon, it ain’t even dark yet. Bucky took the deep, easy breaths of the healthy, inhaling and exhaling without a thought. But he knew what it was like, not being able to breathe, because Steve had told him about it a bunch of times—how it felt like someone sitting on your chest until you got dizzy and couldn’t stop coughing and had to gulp for air like a fish on land, and Bucky had laughed at that, and they had run around Sarah Rogers’ tiny apartment puckering their lips and flopping around on the floor and flapping their arms like useless fins before collapsing into a giggling heap.This was kind of the same, Bucky thought, except kind of different. He was dizzy and gasping, sure, but his mouth also tasted tangy, like that time Charlie Dorato punched him so hard in the face he lost a tooth. Steve never mentioned anything like that. Bucky's legs felt heavy, like sandbags, but he kept running.He was crying, too, his throat raw and his nose leaking and his face sticky. It wasn’t actually funny, when Steve gasped like a fish for real, and sometimes Steve cried because he couldn’t breathe. That wasn’t why Bucky was crying, though it didn’t help. He’d have to remember to tell Steve that, if he got there in time. If you cry, it only makes it worse, Bucky would tell him. So don’t cry, Stevie. Breathe.Steve was sick a lot. Bucky would get the flu, spend a day in bed puking, and bounce right back. But Steve would always miss a few days of school, no matter what kind of sick he had. That was alright with Bucky, because then he’d get to swing by the Rogers’ with a tin of soup from his Ma and Steve’s homework, most of which he did for Steve, sitting cross-legged on the bed, while Steve made up stories that had Bucky’s sides aching with laughter. Steve was the funniest guy Bucky knew.But this time was different. Steve had missed a whole week, and when Bucky tried to bring soup over, Sarah Rogers hadn’t even let him through the door. Bucky had stood on his tip-toes, craned his neck to see if Steve was bundled up on the couch, so he could stick his tongue out and cross his eyes and make Steve laugh. “You’ll just wake him up,” Sarah said, giving Bucky’s shoulder a light shove. “Or worse, I’ll send you back to your ma having caught what he’s got.” And Bucky hadn’t worried, not really, because Steve was sleeping, and sleep was good for getting better. Bucky was tired of playing center field and right field during baseball after school, even though when Steve played right, Bucky still caught most of the balls for him anyway. That didn’t matter. It was just boring without him.So that day—Monday, a brand new week—Bucky had brought his new comic book for Steve to read, since he figured Steve would still be too tired to play. But Steve wasn’t there. And Bucky still didn't worry, he didn't, he was just disappointed, because he and Steve hadn’t been apart this long, not since the day Bucky, at the top of his lungs, had declared them best friends during their third trip around the Wonder Wheel, while Steve smacked him with the teddy bear they'd won together on the boardwalk. He just missed Steve. That wasn’t the same as worrying.He was tired of playing ball without Steve, though, so he sat down on the curb to read his comic, even though he’d already read it twice, when Joey Farrell came over with Dick Olsen and asked, “What’s the matter with Rogers?”Bucky shrugged. He didn’t like Joey or Dick. They always gave Steve a hard time because he couldn’t run very fast to first base. “Dunno. He’s just sick, is all.”“My ma says it ain’t right, how much he’s sick,” Dick said. “Says there’s something wrong with him.”“You and your ma can shut up,” Bucky said, hands clenching around the comic. “Ain’t nothing wrong with him.”“Well my ma says because he’s so sick this time, he’s probably not gonna last much longer. Says once it gets cold again, he’s probably done for,” Joey said, and Bucky was on his feet, shoving Joey so hard he skidded down to the street, nearly toppling ass over head.“I told you to shut up,” Bucky growled.Dick scowled at him, and Joey cradled his bloody elbow, seethed, “He’s probably dying right now,” though he couldn’t keep his lower lip from wobbling.“Shut up, shut up, shut up!” Bucky lunged for Joey, but Dick shoved him back, spat, “Maybe he’s already dead,” and Bucky lost it.He'd gotten a few good punches in before Joey and Dick scattered, black-eyed and covered in dirt; took a couple, too—he could feel his lip stinging, his cheek swelling. His knuckles were scraped raw. But it hadn’t mattered because he suddenly remembered something his Ma had said to his Dad a few nights before, while he’d been sprawled out on the floor doin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Hurt/Comfort
World War II
Captain America: The First Avenger
Implied/Referenced Torture
Sap and Sadness
5+1 Things
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Suicide Attempt
...kind of
Touch-Starved
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Team Dynamics

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

