Work Text:
PROLOGUEShe crashed on top of him from the roof above, landing hard on his shoulders—his own damn fault for letting her get the drop on him. He reeled backwards, trying to smash her against the wall of the terrace, only then feeling the wire pull on his throat: God, but she loved that fucking wire. He slammed her, hard, against the bricks, his windpipe constricting—and slammed her again—and then, desperate for air, plunged with her through the sliding glass doors into the living room. The glass shattered as they crashed through, and she flew off his shoulders and rolled onto the thick white carpet, but she didn't stay down—she was up in a second, bloodied and panting, with a deadly black baton in her hand, which would have brained him if he hadn't got his arm up in time. It didn't stop her—she launched herself at him, forcing him backwards and pinning him down and slamming the baton against his throat.She spoke in Russian: Why are you following him? What do you want with him? He didn't answer, and it was only when he saw the gun with its Walther silencer in her gloved hand that he knew that she meant to kill him. He flexed his fingers. Plates shifted along his arm."You want to help him, turn yourself in," she said, now, in English.He stared up at her and didn't blink when she pressed the gun to the center of his forehead."He'll be upset but he'll be better off without you," she told him, and he flinched uncontrollably because it was true. Then her face changed—she was staring down at him like he had done something unexpected—and this was his chance, his only chance to stay free. He lurched upward, knocking the barrel away, the bullet missing his head by inches—and clocked her with his metal fist. She went down hard, knocked unconscious and bleeding from the side of her head onto the carpet—and he scrambled up and ran out; Bucky Barnes ran for his fucking life. 
CHAPTER ONE"On your left," Steve called out, running past a woman in black workout gear. Her blonde ponytail streamed behind her as she ran. He moved smoothly around her, past her, churning up the gravel of the path.He ran on, turning at the looming white of the Lincoln Memorial. "On your—""Don't even," Sam Wilson gasped, and Steve grinned and slapped him on the back before sprinting past, out of clocking range, though Sam swung out with a long arm and really nearly got him."On your left," Steve called out, and the man, blue sweatshirt, moved away, and then abruptly jerked back into his path. Steve smashed into him, knocking him forward. They tumbled onto the grass, and Steve tried to fling himself to one side so as not to land on top of him, but even so they crashed hard in a tangle of limbs."Sorry," Steve said immediately, instinctively, moving to sit up. "Are you—""Act normal," Bucky told him. "We're being watched by one, two—at least three agents."Steve gaped at him. Bucky was unshaven, but he'd cut his hair like it used to—and then Bucky winced and reached for his ankle, and Steve was moving in to help before he realized that Bucky was giving him cover: some pretext for the look that must be on his face. Bucky was also giving him an excuse to scoot closer, and a reason to touch him. It had been ages, but it all came flooding back to him—this vocabulary of almost-innocent touches, an everyday life of deceit. Steve put his hand on Bucky's calf and peered down at his ankle; Bucky's head bent close to his."Bucky, is it you?" Steve muttered, chest tightening.  "Are you all right? Do you—"Bucky's eyes met his. "Yeah," he said. "It's me," and there was none of the confusion from the helicarrier. "I can't get near you. You've got agents on you at all times, plus bugs in your apartment and a tracker on your bike." Steve felt rage rising up in him—how dare they, who the hell did they think they—and Bucky's gloved hand landed on his arm. "It's me." Bucky's mouth twisted unhappily. "It's me they're trying to protect you from. Steve, I'm sorry—""It's all right," Steve said helplessly. "They don't understand. I, it's—we have to explain—""We can't explain." Bucky looked miserable. "They're not gonna—they won't ever—here, help me up, lever me up," and Steve darted in to support him, stealing an almost-hug when Bucky leaned against him to put weight on his ankle. Bucky's gloved hand clutched at his shoulder. He was good; Steve kept forgetting it was an act."Look, if they catch me," Bucky muttered, "they're either going to kill me or they're going to put me in a box with a little window and—Steve, I can't." Bucky jerked away and shifted his weight from sneaker to sneaker to show that he was fine, see, no problem. "Here, shake my hand," Bucky said, and swung out his hand.Steve reached for it without thinking. They shook hands like strangers."So what's the plan? Tell me the plan," Steve said, low and urgent.Bucky hesitated. "Steve, I can't ask you to trust—""Shut up. Shut the hell—I'm coming with you.""You can't. Not—yet. But I have some ideas," Bucky adm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Surveillance
It's Like Grand Central Station In Here
Brooklyn Boys
Power Couple
People Are Sick of Conceptual Art

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

