Chapter 1: Well, when life gives you lemons
    


Notes:

this fic is a stucky knives out au + soulmate bullshit + a/b/o you're welcome


this chapter was beta'ed by cult member brice, so thank you very much! if you're interested in becoming a member of the bottom steve cult, you can check out my twitter for an invite link to my discord. please also note that the tags for this fic are subject to change as it is posted.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text



1: Well, when life gives you lemons




Steve has been working for Mrs. Barnes for nearly four months and hasn’t met her children yet. Mrs. Barnes is a nice enough lady, but she complains about how ungrateful and standoffish her children are all the time. She blames her late husband, that awful George, who raised their children to know precisely how rich they were.
 
“Oh, James is the worst,” Mrs. Winifred sighs. “He’s just like his father. I swear, Steven, if I had a choice now, I would get myself sterilized.”
 
She means it as a joke, he knows. She ultimately loves her children. 
 
Still, he’s nervous to meet her children. He was hired in January, so in April when it’s time for Passover, he’s the one preparing the family gathering as Mrs. Winifred directs him in the kitchen. For a week he cooks each and every dish, sometimes doing things twice or three times over to get it right. He’d thought he was an okay cook before, but the traditional dishes the Barneses had for Passover were complicated. However, Mrs. Winifred’s directions made it easy.
 
“You’ll make your Alpha very proud one day,” Mrs. Winifred tells him, softly, as they’re setting the table.
 
Steve just smiles. “Thank you, ma’am.”
 
He answers the door for her children and grandchildren. The youngest, Bennet, arrives first. She and her young husband and their infant son, who Mrs. Winifred fawns over for nearly an hour before the next child arrives; Rebecca, her husband, their three children. Elizabeth arrives third, with her husband and two children.
 
“As always, James is going to be late,” Elizabeth says, kissing Mrs. Winifred’s cheek. “He says he’s stuck in traffic, but I expect he hasn’t left yet.”
 
“Oh, be kind,” Mrs. Winifred scolds.
 
Her daughters survey the house while Steve stands back nervously. Bennet wipes a shelf in the library with a tissue and makes a sour face at it. Steve’s not sure why, he cleaned it just that morning. Elizabeth adjusts the placement of the silver. Rebecca adds salt to the dolmas.
 
“It’s nearly time to eat,” Mrs. Winifred frets at two o’clock.
 
“I say we sit down without James,” Rebecca says.
 
“No, no, that’s unfair,” Mrs. Winifred scolds. “No, we’ll wait for him.”
 
“Not sure why we bother,” Elizabeth mutters into her glass of wine.
 
Steve stands in the shadows nervously, waiting for the bell to ring again. The grandchildren all seem to adore their grandmother, but they’re spoiled brats. One picks his nose and then wipes it on Steve’s apron. He isn’t noticed as he hastily retreats to change.
 
The bell rings at last. Steve is relieved. He goes to answer it, and as soon as he opens the door, the final child, James, pushes his hat and coat into Steve’s arms.
 
“Ma!” James calls, walking past Steve like he’s not even there. “Smells great in here, I’m starving!”
 
Steve hangs up James’s hat and coat with a sigh.
 
That is the first time he met James. If he’d been smart, he would have excused himself and quit then. Passover was one thing, it was a sit-down meal and perhaps Winifred’s children were being kinder out of respect for the religious holiday. 
 
Steve dealt with them, on and off, as he worked for Mrs. Winifred over the next year. He eventually moved in with her to keep her company and care for her every day. He learned to cook, mostly from Winifred, and as well as keeping her meals and her house clean, he keeps her company.
 
Now, he didn’t have to deal with Winifred’s four children very often, they didn’t tend to visit very often and it wasn’t necessary for Steve to spend much time with them when they did. He liked Rebecca the most and James the least. 
 
So it continued, for a year or so. The summer after Steve moved in with Mrs. Winifred, she held a barbeque for Independence Day; the neighbors were all invited as well as her children. It was also Steve’s birthday. 
 
For a long time, he’d dreaded his birthday each year. He always had a sort of sense of impending doom about it. Nothing ever happened on his birthday, but he was still worried.
 
But then – Oh boy. The doom finally impended. And the doom was James. Maybe it had been all along.
 
*
 
“Now, now, you’re off-duty, my darling!” Winifred says fussily to Steve. “I hired caterers to prepare the food for a reason, go have a glass of wine and sit!”
 
“I’m not sure what to do, if I’m honest,” Steve tells Winifred quietly.
 
“Relax,” Winfred insists. “It’s your birthday, darling!”
 
Steve grimaces and Winifred laughs.
 
“Yes, don’t think I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Enemies to Lovers
Rich Bucky Barnes
Class Differences
Nurse Steve Rogers
Parent Death
Angry Sex
Hate Sex
Smut
Developing Relationship
Classism
Capitalism
Jewish Bucky Barnes
Jewish Holidays
Miscommunication
Angst with a Happy Ending
Alcohol
Food
Anal Sex
Daddy Kink
Blow Jobs
Masturbation
Hand Jobs
Anal Fingering
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Dom Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Sub Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Age Play
Protective Bucky Barnes
Grief/Mourning
Hurt/Comfort
Light Dom/sub
Sugar Daddy
Tags May Change
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

