Work Text:



Spangles

Tony lands with a loud clunk, glass and debris crunching under the Iron Man’s heavy boots. “Well, that was surprisingly easy.”
Steve is reluctant to agree, eyes flickering up and down the suspiciously quiet road nervously, trying to seek out any stragglers. “Something isn’t right.”
“Don’t jinx it, Cap,” Tony teases him, rolling his eyes as he steps over one of the downed enemies, grinning and throwing decidedly rude gestures at Clint who’s perched on a roof several houses over and responding in kind. “We won, day saved, everyone’s happy. Now, how about that new Ethiopian place over on-“
It happens incredibly fast.
One moment, the robot at Tony’s feet is little more than a heap of dented metal, and in the next Tony’s eyes grow wide and he gasps, shocked, as its sword-arm snaps up in a futile last-ditch effort at victory, smoothly sinking into and through Tony and the armour alike.
The bullet hits the robot perfectly between its glowing red eyes before the arm is even fully withdrawn, an EMP arrow following a fraction of a second after, yet both too late.
Steve is at Tony’s side in an instant, kicking the twitching robot out of the way as he lowers them both to the ground, gently cradling Tony’s head in his lap so he can unlock the face plate, carelessly throwing it over his shoulder along with his shield.
“Jarvis, status,” he snaps, grabbing Tony’s flailing hand and squeezing hard, needing the contact just as much if not more than Tony. “Now!”
“First aid functions are compromised, removal of the armour and applying of pressure to the entry wound is recommended,” comes the worrisome reply, making Steve curse and press his eyes shut for a moment before he springs into action, swallowing down the lump in his throat and pushing away the panic he can feel creeping in at the back of his mind.
“Armour override code sierra-papa-alpha-November-golf-lima-echo-sierra, Captain Steven Grant Rogers.”
There’s the telltale hiss of releasing joints as plates start to retract, pieces folding in on themselves while Steve yanks away whatever else is in the way until he can finally, after what feels like hours but can’t have been more than seconds, fold his hands over the jagged hole in Tony’s stomach.
Tony groans weakly at that and Steve bends down low, folding himself over Tony protectively, touching their foreheads together.
“To- totally ji- jinxed i- it,” Tony rasps, lips twitching when that startles a slightly hysterical chuckle out of Steve. “Steve-“ he tries to go on but chokes on a cough, blood splattering across his mouth and chin.
“Stop talking. For once in your life, just stop talking,” Steve pleads, sniffling back the moisture he can feel gathering at the corners of his eyes.
Tony doesn’t listen because he’s Tony and he never listens, scared, blown-wide eyes struggling to lock onto Steve’s wet ones. “Bucky,” he says, more clearly than he’s managed anything else before, an almost frightening urgency suddenly to his voice. “Bucky.”
And Steve understands, even though he doesn’t want to because no, no, no, no! “You tell him yourself. I’m not doing your emotional dirty work for you, Shellhead.”
The expression Steve receives in response, although contorted by what he imagines must be a not unsubstantial amount of pain, can’t be classified as anything but a patented Tony Stark pout.
Hurried footsteps have Steve glance up, his whole body sagging with relief at the sight of the paramedics jogging toward them, the rest of the team not far behind.
“Behave yourself,” he warns, brushing a trembling hand through Tony’s hair, smearing blood into it and not caring one bit, “I don’t want to hear any complaints from the medical staff this time.”
And then he’s ushered away, watching as Tony is loaded onto a stretcher and carried to a nearby ambulance where’s his joined by a frantic looking Colonel Rhodes, dimly aware of Nat’s hand on his shoulder and Clint talking somewhere close by. None of that properly registers, however, all of Steve’s attention fixed on Bucky where he’s leaning against a nearby car, lips parted slightly and expression dangerously vacant.
“Bucky,” he breathes, rudely shrugging off the people still attempting to reassure and console him, staggering forward on unsteady feet until he can wrap himself around his unresponsive but pliant friend, tucking Bucky’s face into his neck.
It takes a long moment but then Bucky lifts his own arms, hands coming up to clutch at Steve, cling to him, fingers digging into his sides with enough force to bruise and leave marks, however temporary.
“Stevie,” he murmurs brokenly, the words heavy with sorrow and the beginnings of grief, damp eyelashes fluttering across Steve’s skin. “I-“ Bucky tries, cutting himself off with a strangled sob, “Tony. Tony!”
Steve had to stand by helplessly as his best friend, his brother fell to his icy death, couldn’t do a single thing to safe the first friend he’d made after waking up in this strange new world just now, and he knows it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
POV Steve Rogers
POV Bucky Barnes
Canon-Typical Violence
Major Character Injury
Serious Injuries
Angst
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Steve
Hurt Tony
Hopeful Ending
Can be read as a stand alone
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

