Work Text:
Tony shuts off that rambling side of his  mind, focusing as much of his energy into pulling Steve down on top of  him. There are equations in the background, flitting over Steve’s ear  and hiding in his hair and Tony hooks an arm around Steve’s neck and a  leg around Steve’s thigh and pulls. Steve laughs against his mouth, settling his weight evenly over Tony and Tony wants, wants to feel that delicious hitch in his lungs, that pull of gravity as it overtakes Steve and drives him further into Tony.“Steve, Steve, God, I’ve wanted this  for so long,” Tony breathes, moaning at the twitch in Steve’s hips.  Steve bites at his lips, grinds down once, twice, pulls back long enough  to press a deceptively soft kiss to the tip of Tony’s nose. Tony glares  at him, half-hearted and turned on as hell, arching his back to move  closer.“You are the most impatient person I’ve met  in my life,” Steve says. He leans down again, catching Tony’s lips and  pulling him closer. Tony tries to go for dominating, remembering  somewhere in the back of his head the words war and virginity and frozen in ice for seventy years, jesus, fuck but Steve stops that thought immediately, angling his head just so, and Tony can catch the equation completing behind his eyelids, even as Steve plunders his mouth.There are too many wires crossed in his mind,  too many rambling thoughts that don’t need immediate attention and  Steve keeps grabbing him away before he can take care of them. A bite to  his lip, a hand under his shirt, a shift in Steve’s weight; Tony can’t  focus on any one thing and he wants everything too much. The sensory  overload is short circuiting him.“You’re not all here, are you?” Steve breathes in his ear and Tony out and out whimpers because, fuck, Steve’s voice is pitched low and laced with that same  strength he uses when he’s Captain America and it shouldn’t be hot,  shouldn’t throw him off, but it does. Steve catches the lobe of Tony’s ear between his teeth, drawing Tony back. “What can I do to keep you in the moment?”“That, that, right there, that. Not following parameters, always letting me guess, can’t keep up, that,”  Tony responds, hands sliding under Steve’s shirt, pulling and tugging  until Steve leans back, peeling it off. And then suddenly there is a new  canvas of formula’s Tony gets to play with, trapped in the definition  of Steve’s stomach and the pebbling of Steve’s nipples. He’s too busy  mapping the expanse of Steve’s chest to realize that Steve is tugging up  his shirt as well, all three layers coming up and off before Tony can  compute. The cold snaps at his skin and Tony shudders, two seconds  before he realizes that holy shit Steve is going to see the arc reactor, no, no, nononono and reaches up to cover himself.Steve catches his wrists, gentle, always  gentle, and Tony bites his lip, squeezes his eyes closed and hates  himself inside. He can feel Steve shifting above him, his legs still  spread wide to accommodate Steve’s hips, but all his attention is  focused on the soft hum and buzz of the arc reactor in the center of his  chest.“Tony,” Steve says, and Tony turns his head  away, rebuilding, rebuilding, gathering together his thoughts and his  defences until he can face Steve’s look of disgust. Steve taps on his  wrist. “Hey, Tony, look at me.”“I’d rather not, no,” Tony manages, annoyed  at himself and his stint in Afghanistan and the stupid chunk of metal  that will never leave him, that he’ll never be freed of. He tugs  ineffectively at Steve’s hold, twists under him. “Maybe this was a bad  idea. We can always christen the couch some other time.”“Oh, Tony, you idiotic –” Steve cuts himself  off and Tony feels lips against his chest, right beside the arc reactor.  His breath hitches, sensitivity charts fluttering into existence and he  tries to squirm away. Steve keeps him pinned, pressing soft lips  against the edge of the reactor, tracing the scars with the tip of his  tongue, and Tony can’t stop himself. He arches up into the contact,  biting back the garbled mess of words he wants to let loose. His eyes  open, catch the curve of an eight trapped against the ceiling fan and  looks down. Steve is looking back at him, lips resting against the  center of the reactor and God, Tony doesn’t know how to handle this.“It’s brilliant, Tony. Everything about it, everything about you, and if I was that adverse to the idea of your arc reactor and what it means,  I would’ve told you far before this point. So,” Steve leans up, teeth  catching at the pulse in Tony’s throat and Tony stutters. Steve grins  against his skin. “Let’s just continue, yeah?”“You aren’t real,” Tony sighs, and Steve chuckles at him, coaxing him back into a simple kiss.Tony turns it dirty, turns it fast, banishing  his insecurities to a corner and sucking on Steve’s tongue. Steve lets  him go, and Tony immediately drags his palms down Steve’s chest, down  over Steve’s stomach, catching his fingers against the rough denim of  Stev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rimming

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

