Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“You were right, this was a good idea.” You moan out as you sink fully into the hot water.“See, I have them, I don’t know why you continue to doubt me. You should know by now I'm always right, princess.” Tony replied with his usual snark, but you were so used to your father’s behaviour that you only rolled your eyes in response.“Says the man who just last week thought it was a good idea to manually fix the towers plumbing by hand and set a room on fire.” You quip back, laughing at the playful pout he sent your way.“I said I was sorry.” He whined, continuing to pout. It had been a tiny miscalculation on his part, but the team wasn’t too happy, especially Thor, who loved his bath time and was completely upset at the lack of water that followed the incident.“Yeah, I’m sure you’re sorry… sorry you got caught.” You smile, your father may brag about being a genius, but these small moments where you got to rub his mistakes in his face were what you lived for. His ego needed to be brought down to earth and no one better than his own blood to do so. Though you do rub your foot up his leg, wanting to balance the teasing before he got too worked up.“Look, aren’t they so pretty tonight.” Eyes shinning up at the dark sky, it always made you so happy when you could see the stars twinkling about. They weren’t as clear as if it had been in the middle of nowhere, but the view of them that the tower provided, still made everything feel right with the world and gave you the peace your life sadly lacked.“I couldn’t agree more.” Smiling, you look away from the view and back at him, noticing his eyes already on you and giving you a hint that he wasn’t talking about the stars at all.“Stooooppp” You say looking back at the stars, glad it was dark, and the hot tub could be blamed for the warmth you felt on your face. The feel of his hand clasping at your leg surprises you but before you can even attempt to say another thing, it’s pulling you in. Your head arching up to stay out of the water as your body follows his will until you’re sitting in his lap. A smile appearing as you lean forward and wrap your legs on either side of him, threading your arms around his neck. “After all the time we’ve been together, I can’t believe you still get so shy, princess.” Tony said running his hands down your spine. You just nod but are unable to resist leaning in for a peck, having him so close made you a shy mess but one that still craved him deeply. His touch always seemed to make all your nerve ends tingle in delight and beg for more.He doesn’t let you get away with just a small kiss, no, he’s grabbing the back of your head and deepening it, licking at your lower lip. You let him explore your mouth even if he knew it better than his own at this point. He never seemed to grow tired of it, but it's not like you could grow tired of him either. You begin slowly grinding on his lap not even aware you’re doing it, but Tony was, and you were reacting exactly like he knew and hoped you would.

His other hand came up to your hip, letting you keep going at your own pace, gently caressing your stomach and sliding up to your boobs. Withdrawing his lips only to let you breathe but they still didn’t stop as he trailed them across your jaw and down your neck. Leaving a mark on the spots you were the most sensitive, the ones he had mapped out years ago.“Daddy” You moan, jerking your hips into his before he dragged both hands back to your waist to guide you. Increasing the pace, you had going but making your moves softer and more sensual.“That’s a good girl. It feels nice doesn’t it, baby.” He whispers into your ear while nibbling at it. Something that got your heart racing and core itching for more every single time. You could never get enough of your dad, not since the first night he had you. He knew how to get your body to sing for him and he used that knowledge often to his own advantage.“Mhm” You manage to moan out, not being able to focus on words while you were surrendering yourself so willingly to Tony’s lips and the feel of his bulge against your core. No matter how many times you were in such a position with him, you still couldn’t think with him this close, especially not with him pressed against you as he was. “Daddy.”

“Yeah, baby, just keep going, you’re almost there.” He was struggling not to let his excitement for what was to come, ruin it early for him but with your heat rubbing against his groin it was hard not to. His lips were brushing against your neck, tickling you in a way that made your lower region quiver with need. Finally stilling your hips before you were able to give in to the pressure rising within, causing you to let out a mewl of discontent that he stopped you before you reached your ever desired peak.“Daddy” You whine, wriggling around on top of him, desperate for more stimulation, but his hands didn’t let you so much as budge from
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Tony Stark and Y/n
Tony Stark/You
Tony Stark/Original Stark Character
Tony Stark/Daughter!Reader
Tony Stark/Daughter

freeform: 
NSFW
NSFW GIF
Incest
Father-Daughter Relationship
Father/Daughter Incest
Incest Kink
lying
Manipulation
tricking
Daddy Kink
Daddy Tony Stark
Hot Tub Sex
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Smut
Shameless Smut
Insemination
Impregnation
dreams of impregnation
Breasts
Breast Play
Daughter Reader
Reader-Insert
Parent Tony Stark
stark reader
Y/n Stark - Freeform
porn gif
sex gif
Erotic Gif
slight naive reader
not educated on human body
Innocent
dumb
Stark Tower
Water Sex
Underwater Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Nipple Play
Nipple Licking
Nipple Sensitivity
Naive
lying to get pregnant
Established Relationship
Taboo
lying to get her pregnant
Gag fic
Crack Fic
Crack
chapter 2 has no sex gifs

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Tony Stark and Y/n
Tony Stark/You
Tony Stark/Original Stark Character
Tony Stark/Daughter!Reader
Tony Stark/Daughter

