Chapter 1: The Captain Lives
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text




Steven Grant Rogers was born on the 4th of July, 1918 in Brooklyn, NY, the son of poor Irish immigrants. He graduated from George Washington High School in 1936, and attended Auburndale Art School from 1937-38. From 1939-43, he worked as a newspaper boy. Plagued throughout his youth by a variety of illnesses, it was unlikely that Rogers would live to see old age, much less serve in the US Army. All of that changed when he was chosen for Operation Rebirth. Operation Rebirth was a top-secret military operation lead by General Chester Phillips of the US Army that aimed to create a entire army of super soldiers. When Rogers volunteered to be the first, experimental recipient of Dr. Erskine’s serum, Rogers became the first enhanced human being – body and mind. Unfortunately for the US war effort, Erskine was assassinated, and the secret of the serum died with him. Even then, Rogers might have ended up as nothing more than a tool of the propaganda machine, selling war bonds and patriotism. But in 1943 while on tour in Italy Rogers learned that an entire unit had gone MIA, and when AWOL to stage a one-man rescue mission and Steve Rogers, better known as Captain America, became the world’s first superhero.Captain America has influenced every aspect of American since his disappearance into the Atlantic ice in 1943. From music and television to film and art, Captain America is an iconic image of American patriotism, used by everyone from Vietnam war protestors to Republican senators. Though the aggressively patriotic imagery of Captain America had fallen out of fashion by the last 60s, Bruce Springsteen’s 1984 album Born in the USA revitalized the image of Captain America in the public. The song Lost Hero marked the first in a string of hit songs, films, and even a short lived television series in the 90s, all celebrating Captain America’s legacy. The interpretations of Captain America range from the more staunchly patriotic (Spielberg’s 1995 hit The Captain) to the subversive (Lee’s 2004 homoerotic reinterpretation of the relationship between Captain Rogers and his long-time friend, Sergeant Barnes, Love In The Time of Bombings). Then, last year, it was revealed that a S.H.I.E.L.D search team had found Captain Rogers frozen in ice, and the Captain lived. With that announcement, a legend came to life.The revelation that Steve Rogers was alive created a startling dissonance between the use of Captain America as an iconic image, a historical figure, and the reality of who Steve Rogers is. Though he hasn’t done any interviews since the announcement that he is alive, nor has he been seen in public, the reveal that Steve Rogers is alive has incited a public debate over who he is and who he stands for, now that he is no longer a distant (and stagnant) figure. Wether or not Captain Rogers ever agains takes up the mantle of the world’s original superhero, there is no question that the announcement of his survival has fundamentally shaken the image of Captain America.




Notes:

Updates for this will most likely be extensive and sporadic.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
News Media
Magazines
Newspapers
Gossip
Humor
trashy gossip magazines

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

