Chapter 1: Winter
    




Chapter Text
Charles is tallying up the receipts from the previous night when Raven pokes her blonde head in the door and says, "He's here.""Who's here.""Don't play dumb, Charles. You know who.""I have absolutely no idea. And I'm busy here, in case you hadn't noticed.""He's wearing the blue pinstripe today. The one that brings out his eyes."Charles sighs and puts the receipts down. "I wish you would stop trying to fix my love life, Raven."Raven rolls her eyes. "That would imply you had a love life to fix, Charles. He's cute. You should ask him out.""I should hit on a man who comes in every morning at seven a.m. in a five thousand dollar suit, says the exact same eleven words - and I've memorized them, by the way: the usual please, yes that'll be all, thank you very much. Looks directly at the person manning the checkout when he does it and does not manage to smile a single time, even when it's Angel. Rushes out as soon as he gets his drink. That's the person you want me to ask out."Raven nods her head, seemingly pleased with herself. "See, I knew you noticed him." She twirls around and heads back outside, but not before tossing over her shoulder, "And yes, that's exactly what I think you should do."Sometimes, having an employee that's also your little sister is more trouble than it's worth. He gets up and hastily makes his way outside in case Raven does something embarrassing like ask the guy if maybe he swung that way and even if he didn't what about some bicuriosity? The last guy she did that to actually ended up asking Charles out, only to spend the entire disastrous evening inquiring about Raven."She's seventeen," Charles said, more than once. "She's my sister," and when he didn't seem to comprehend Charles' touch her and I will end you tone of voice Charles finally had to come right out and say it. "Come near my sister and die."Raven had the nerve, after he'd been hastily dropped off at his doorstep, to stand at the top of the stairs and demand the "deets.""No more setups, Raven," he growled, and stomped past her disappointed face to his bedroom. She promised, eventually, reluctantly, after Charles had given her a well deserved lecture for about half an hour.Another thing about Raven, as Charles emerges into the coffee shop to find her talking up a storm to Savile Row, is that she never ever seems to learn her lesson."Listen," she's saying now, beaming as she pushes a glass fish bowl towards him. "Why don't you drop your card in, we'll email you if there are any promotions going on. You might even win a years' supply of free coffee."Savile Row looks nonplussed. Charles comes up behind Raven and shoots a warning glare at her, but she just responds by winking conspiratorially at him."Why don't you just serve the gentleman his coffee, Raven, and leave him be. Also table twelve needs cleaning.""No it doesn't. Charles, why don't you - ow. Fine, going.""Sorry about that," Charles says, when Raven has finally deigned to wander off in the vague direction of table twelve, which does in fact need cleaning, thank you very much, and if he had a proper waitress rather than Raven - "My sister is," he trails off, because he's being stared at expectantly.Charles blinks at the man for a while, until he says, "My coffee, please?" and Raven's not wrong about how lovely his eyes are."Ah, right, sorry." He turns around helplessly, but Armando is right there, wordlessly handing him a hot take away cup. "Don't tell me you're in on it, too," Charles mutters under his breath, but there's only confusion registering on Armando's face. He turns back to Savile Row, hands him the cup. "There you go. Sorry to keep you waiting, Mr. uh -""It's quite all right. And you can call me Eric, by the way."Once Eric is out of the shop, Raven stops pretending she's wiping down the table and skips over to Charles. "So?""So? So what. Raven, I swear I don't know what's gotten into you. You promised me you'd stop with this incessant need to -""To what? To see my big brother happy? Get laid more than once every two years?" She pats Charles reassuringly on the shoulder as Charles feels his face turn red. "Relax. I got this for you."Charles doesn't quite register what she's saying until she's halfway across the room. Then he says belatedly, plaintively, "You're not getting anything for me, Raven. You understand? Raven?"Armando leans close to him. "Relax, man. When she gets like this, probably best to just go with it, you know?""Go back to work," Charles growls helplessly, because it's not like anyone listens to him anyway. Armando grins easily. Oh, definitely in on it. Charles  puts his head in his hands and sighs.*"I swear Charles, sometimes it's as if you want to die alone.""I'm twenty-nine, Raven. It's hardly time to start carving my gravestone. Although I gather it would read: Here lies Charles Xavier. Dead from a heart attack caused by his meddling little sister." He stabs viciously at a piece of broccoli, grimacing when
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Coffee Shop
Heists
Kink Meme

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers

