Work Text:
Captain America was turning out to be one hell of a let-down. Talk about never meeting your heroes. The moment Tony had met the man, he’d been overly hostile, something even Natashalie was confused about.
He’d then spent the whole time they were on the helicarrier trying to get Tony kicked off since he was ‘clearly dangerous’.
Fury and Coulson were baffled and then Rogers made it even more confusing when he demanded that Agent stay at his side at all times.
Just… what the hell?
Bruce was watching the man warily and edged more towards Tony as Rogers went on about making sure Loki was contained and shutting down arc reactors because of their danger and how they needed to get the Hulk off the helicarrier.
Tony discretely stepped in front of Bruce.
“You okay buddy?” he asked softly.
Bruce shrugged, looking skittish and anxious.
Thor was watching Rogers with unease as well. The Captain seemed to immediately take a liking to some people, namely Romanoff and Thor while being wary of Bruce and outright hating Tony on sight.
“I shouldn’t be here,” Bruce muttered as Rogers continued talking absolute bullshit.
Thor looked down at the other scientist and then at Tony.
“This… Steven Rogers,” he asked hesitantly. “Is he your leader?”
Tony scoffed loudly enough that he drew the attention of the room.
“Oh hell no. I’m half-convinced that he lost brain cells in the ice.”
Fury didn’t even look like he was going to disagree with Tony for once. Was this out of the ordinary behaviour for Cap? Or was he always this… controlling?
And talking of the dear Captain, Rogers turned a glare on Tony. The billionaire only raised his chin defiantly.
“Who the actual hell do you think you are?” Tony demanded harshly. “And don’t give me that crap about ‘I’m Captain America’. That doesn’t mean shit. Sure you’ve got the fancy serum and shield and spandex. But you’ve got no authority. You woke up like a month ago! There’s no way you have any clue about what’s going on in the modern-day world. You don’t know politics, or the government, or basically anything important. And you walk in here demanding shit? I’m supposed to be the asshole in any given room. But fuck you outdid me in a spectacular way!”
“Stark-” he started growling, taking some threatening steps closer.
“Let’s break this down alright?” Tony wasn’t cowed and stepped closer as well so he wouldn’t get too close to Bruce. “You’re trying to tell the Director of SHIELD what to do about the alien prince that is threatening an alien invasion. Who died and made you king of the world?! I’ve got my issues with Fury and we don’t get along but I can at least say I respect him enough to do his job. He’s a spy. He’s THE spy. But apparently you know better? And what’s that shit about Agent needing to follow behind you like a puppy? I know he’s a Captain America fan but do you really need your ego stroked that often? And every time Natashalie tries to leave you call her back to ask something stupid. What’s that about? She’s supposed to be doing her job, not babysitting you. She was supposed to be down in that cell interrogating Loki like twenty minutes ago! On top of that you’ve been ordering the other alien prince around like you’ve got the divine right to have all your orders followed. And that absolute shit about getting Bruce off the helicarrier. What the hell?! He’s the only person who can reliably track the tesseract! You know, the thing we need to find?! I’m a genius but it’s not my field so without him I wouldn’t be able to find it unless I had weeks to work on it. And then we get to the best part. What the actual hell is your problem with me Rogers?! We’ve never met before! I know most people don’t like me since yeah, I’m an ass most of the time and that’s all the media sees. But you’re acting like I’ve personally offended you and killed your puppy. So, no, I’m not going anywhere. I’m staying so that I can do my job and prevent this invasion from happening. Because guess what you moron? I live on this damn planet too! So even if I am nothing more than a villain, which is how you’re treating me, I’m still going to do my damn job since I wouldn’t want to die!”
Silence fell in the room after his tirade. Not a single person stepped forward to defend Rogers.
“Now, Bruce and I have to track the alien artifact. So how about you fuck off and do your ego stroking someplace else?”
He turned to continue working with Bruce when suddenly Rogers grabbed him by the upper arm and spun him back around. Tony grit his teeth at the tight grip that was possibly bruising his bone.
“You don’t talk to me like that Stark!” Rogers yelled in his face, other hand fisting in Tony’s shirt.
There was yelling in the background and then suddenly Rogers was lifted off his feet. Thor threw him back and away from Tony, stepping between the scientists and the super soldier.
“I have never seen such dishonourable behaviour.” The god thundered. “You would attack a man who is supposed to be your shield brother because he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

