Chapter 1





Chapter Text



Prologue
~*~“Mr. Stark!”“Dr. Banner!”“Tony Stark!”“Mr. Banner!”Bruce blinks hard against the camera flashes as he shoulders past the reporters circling the tower.“Dr. Banner, how do you feel about dating a man twenty-three years younger than you?”“Did you know about the Iron Man suit before Mr. Stark’s admission?”“Mr. Stark, what do you have to say to reports that Mr. Banner lived in Stark mansion for ten years?” one reporter calls out.“It was thirteen, not ten,” Tony corrects, looping his arm around Bruce’s shoulder. He guides Bruce through the swell of paparazzi, letting him bury his face against wool of his suit jacket. Bruce sucks in a breath and forces himself to stay calm-- this is nothing they haven't dealt with before.“Dr. Banner, are the allegations that you and Mr. Stark were romantically involved before he turned seventeen true?”Tony ushers Bruce into a nondescript black sedan, and the muffled silence once the door shuts makes Bruce slump against the seat in relief.“Happy, update,” Tony calls out. “Who leaked what, and why didn’t I know about it before we stepped into the circus?”“It’s SHIELD, sir,” Happy says. The lines around his eyes are tight in the rearview mirror.  “SHIELD has been compromised, and your file was among those leaked.”“Fuck.”~*~
Chapter 1
~*~
5

Tony Stark is five when Bruce Banner moves into the Stark’s Fifth Avenue mansion.
Bruce is twenty-eight, old beyond his years, and tired of running.He stands in the Starks’ decadent foyer with his duffle bag of earthly belonging and wonders what the hell he’s doing here. His tattered suit is more patches than original material, and his last haircut was seven months ago in front of a cracked bathroom mirror in Kolkata. Bruce hunches his shoulders as he faces his godparents, the instinct to make himself as small as possible overwhelming his urge to look presentable.Maria Stark sweeps him into a wordless hug, and he presses his face into the crook of her neck, breathing in lavender and ink and the closest thing to home he’s smelled in three years. “We’re so glad you’re safe,” she says.Her fingers catch in his unruly curls as he nods.Bruce’s neck prickles, and he looks up from her embrace on instinct. A little boy is perched on the first landing of the oak stairs, tiny hands wrapped around the spindles and face pressed between them to get a better view of the proceedings.Anthony, Bruce remembers. Last time he saw the kid, he was only an infant in his mother’s arms and Bruce’s world was a much simpler place. That was over four years ago, and he can still remember how quiet Anthony had been, grinning toothlessly as he grabbed for Bruce’s glasses.Now, however, Anthony's old enough for his resemblance to Howard to be striking. He has the same unruly dark hair of Howard’s youth, but the most striking resemblance is in the fierce intelligence that sparkles in his brown eyes. It startles Bruce to see eyes that sharp set into a face so young and otherwise devoid of expression.Then the boy catches his gaze and smiles, open and wide but equally sharp. A look of childish mischief replaces his bored expression as he holds one finger up to his lips in a shushing gesture. Bruce can’t help quirking a small smile back, the first smile in months he hasn’t had to force.“You’ll be staying here for the foreseeable future, then?”Howard’s words startle Bruce back to the present. He disengages from Maria’s hold and takes a steadying breath. “I- No, I have no intention of imposing on your hospitality for longer than necessary. I just need a few days to sort out things and plan my next move.”Bruce knows they could afford it, but that isn’t the issue. He’s not going to become a freeloader, rich godparents or not. More than that, though, seeing Anthony drives home the facts: Bruce is dangerous, and a family home is no place for a thing like him.Howard claps him on the shoulder bracingly. “I have enough contacts at SHIELD to be able to help out with your… situation, and Stark Industries’ resources are invaluable. I wish you’d come to me sooner.”“You know why I couldn’t.”“As a matter of fact, I don’t,” Howard says, turning pointedly. He strolls through the ornate study doors without looking back, leaving them ajarin what could either be invitation or just a lack of concern. Bruce stifles another sigh and hesitates, but Maria’s hand at the small of his back urges him forward.“And Tony?” Howard calls from the doorway, “Go to bed.”Out of the corner of his eye, Bruce sees Anthony pull a face before scampering up the stairs.“He’ll be listening through the vents in three minutes,” Maria murmurs as she ushers Bruce into the study. “We haven’t found a nanny yet who can keep him in bed.”A sudden series of coughs wrack her slender frame. Bruce reaches towards her automatically, but stops short of making contact, hand hovering just off her shoulder. “I’m fine,” she says from behind her hand. “I’m just getting over a bout of the flu.”Bruce perches aw
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon
Alternate Timelines
Age Difference
Slow Build
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
What-If
Press and Tabloids
Platonic Cuddling
Fast Cars
Relationship Negotiation
Queer Themes
Teenage Tony Stark
Bruce's Sad Backstory

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

