Chapter 1: The Beginning of It All
    


Notes:
Hey guys, so I have a few things to say before we go in, but if you want to skip it's not that important, but I wanted to point out a few things in this story. So, first thing is that there is one (and maybe more in the future) original characters, and I kinda know how some fandoms are with these, so here it is: any and all original characters in this story will be minor characters and not a part of the main story. They may fade in and out, but in no way will any of them be Mary Sues. Secondly, this is an AU. Infinity war doesn't happen, but it's set about a year after Homecoming anyway, so it doesn't really matter apart from my sanity (Infinity war and endgame shattered my soul). Also, please feel free to comment, I don't think my other fic got any and I really want to know if what I'm doing is right:') I think that's it, but yeah, hope you like it!Edit: I'm writing this a few days before ch. 10 is posted, just want to mention that there are actually two OCs that make regular appearances, they're both SI employees so if that's not your thing, heads up:3

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Peter Parker was officially screwed.His day had started out just fine, it was a Friday and even though Flash had been a prick all afternoon Peter was too relieved that the week was nearly over to care about that. He was even feeling kind of excited; ever since the incident with the Vulture, Mr. Stark had talked May into letting Peter stay over at the Stark Tower on the weekends which were always action packed, if not safe. He even mentioned taking Peter to the Avengers compound sometime, which was partly amazing but also mostly terrifying because like, all the Avengers lived there. Well, most of them anyway. But he wasn’t sure he’d ever get the chance to go, because the permission slips that Mr. Harrington had just put in front of them had just doubled his mortality rate and of all the stupid luck in the world-‘Hey Penis!’Peter slammed his head against his desk in utter defeat, causing Ned to glance at him in concern. Flash walked over, a smirk playing on his lips.‘You heard Mr. Harrington, the Decathlon is going to Stark Industries. It’s almost a shame I have to wait two whole weeks to finally expose your pathetic lies. What company are you going to fake an internship with next once we’ve proven you don’t work there?’ he taunted.‘Go away Flash,’ scowled Ned. Flash left, talking loudly about how he, Flash was going to get a “real” internship from Mr. Stark once he saw how talented Flash was, and that Peter would probably get expelled when the school found out he was lying. Peter sighed loudly, head still pressed against the desk. ‘I’m going to die,’ Peter mumbled.‘Well, maybe it won’t be so bad,’ said Ned hopefully. Catching Peter’s look, he winced. ‘Okay, yeah, it’ll be pretty bad. But that’s only if Mr. Stark finds out.’‘Mr. Stark will find out.’ Peter deadpanned. He could tell that Ned was excited for the trip and he smiled at his friends’ obvious effort to hold it in for Peter’s sake. Sometimes he wondered what he did to deserve a friend like Ned. ‘Y’know, maybe you’re right. Maybe I can just ask him not to do anything embarrassing.’ They left the classroom and walked towards the school entrance, Peter still trying to formulate a plan that will cause the least collateral damage for him. ‘What am I talking about? Of course he’ll try and embarrass me, and if I ask him not to he’ll just try harder. Well, at least you can see where I work right before this whole thing kills me.’ He chuckled at the awestruck look that came over Ned’s face.‘Dude, I know that this has about a ninety percent chance of blowing up in your face and I’m super worried for you, I really am – but ohmygod this is gonna be amazing.’ Ned did a sort of small bounce, pumping a fist in the air. Peter grinned at his show of excitement.‘Hey, it’ll be fun no matter what happens. Worst comes to worst, you can show the montage of selfies that we took that day at my funeral.’ Peter glanced up to see a familiar black car. ‘Crap, I gotta go.’‘Oh yeah, you go over to Stark Tower on the weekends! Have fun, I’ll text you later!’ They performed their signature handshake and Peter raced over to the car, waving goodbye. As he slid into the backseat, Happy grumbled in annoyance. ‘Took you long enough.’‘Well, considering I’m probably going to die in about two weeks, I think I deserve some slack.’ Peter slumped over in his seat.Happy was used to the Kid’s dramatics, but even this was a bit over the top. ‘Would you care to explain?’ He would never admit it but seeing Peter’s exhausted face in the rearview mirror made him just a tiny bit worried.‘We’re going on a field trip,’ Peter said, not wanting to finish the statement.‘To?’ Happy asked.‘Stark Tower.’ Peter whined, covering his face with his hands. ‘This is going to be a nightmare.’Happy winced. ‘Yeah, if Boss finds out,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Friday & Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Loki & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Fluff
Avengers Movie Night
Hugs
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Whump
no beta we die like men
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Irondad
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Alternate Universe
Platonic Cuddling
The Author Regrets Nothing
Avengers Family
The Author Regrets Everything
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Intern Peter Parker
Stark Industries Employee Peter Parker
Humor
Friendship
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Vines
Domestic Avengers
Stark Tower Has Too Many Blankets
coming out of the closet jokes
NOT STARKER - Freeform

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Friday & Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming)
Loki & Peter Parker

