Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
It had been a little over a year since everything Tony had built had collapsed. Since the accords, the runway, the airport. Since being left to die by someone he trusted. Some of it he maybe should’ve seen coming. Steve and himself could both be so stubborn, they would’ve clashed eventually. All the others, while they were trying to be heroes, did have loyalties to certain people and would eventually pick a side.He just hadn’t expected it to go so far.The lying had been the drop that overflowed the bucket. Steve and Natasha both knew how his parents died, both knew who killed them. God-damn Zemo was the one who made sure he saw the video and learned the truth. Of course, the outcome of that realization was exactly what Zemo wanted, two heroes fighting each other instead of him. It just didn’t end in the way he wanted. Because, even after everything, Tony didn’t want Steve dead. Not even Bucky for that matter. His suit had taken on bigger threats, and he could’ve done it if he wanted to. He was just so hurt, so angry. One of his supposed best friends had lied about something so important. But in the end, Steve had to have the last say in the matter. He caved in Tony's suit, and although it wasn’t a killing strike, it was enough to completely disable it and leave Tony behind. Injured and hours from any sort of help. It honestly was nothing short of a miracle that he had lived, Vision being smart enough to start looking for him so quickly. The four weeks he had spent in the hospital were evidence of how close to fatal injuries he had been. When he got out of the hospital he immediately got to work to get things back in order. He got to work on getting the compound reorganized, having fewer people who wanted to live and work there since everything that had happened. Rhodes, Vision and Peter were the only ones left to live there, Peter splitting his time between the compound and his aunts' flat. The Sokovia Accords got reworked, and a new council was appointed to make changes to them when necessary. It was a long road full of discussions and meetings. Eventually, they got where they had to be. After Tony’s encouragement Rhodey was made the leader of the new Avengers, overseeing all the trainings, background checks and courses new members had to follow, as well as making the final decisions when necessary.
New members came quicker than expected, with first Hope van Dyne showing up after three months since the new Avengers had formed. She claimed that Scott Lang was still being an idiot somewhere, and she wanted to make herself useful. Thor and Loki also regularly made an appearance and considered themselves honorary members, the council being quickly convinced that it would be ridiculous to make literal gods take a history and law class.Tony had settled in the role of mechanic rather nicely, spending lots of time with DUM-E and U in his workshop. He also had more time now to focus on making the others happy; he kept working on Rhodey’s’ leg braces, chatting with Vision about all the seemingly mundane questions Vision could come up with. He tried new drinks with Thor, made sure Peter and his friends were enjoying their childhood enough. At the scarce moments when he didn’t create a distraction for himself, his mind wandered back to what had happened. At first, he just kept cursing at all the people who were now cowardly hiding in Wakanda. T’Challa had informed him that they went to him for help, and he took them in. He would help them where he could, at least for the time being. After a while Tony shifted his thoughts to James Barnes. His nightmares were still plagued with the Winter Soldier killing his parents, but when he was awake he researched who Bucky was and what had happened to him. Tony couldn’t deny that all of it was horrible, and he was quick to forgive him and see him more as a victim than as someone who meant any harm. All the others, though… it would take a good apology and a lot of time for Tony to forgive them. The opportunity to do so came faster than expected.

 *** 
“Boss, mister Rhodes is attempting to contact you. Should I connect the call or tell him to wait until later today?”“He’s calling? Shit, am I late for a meeting again? Thought I had some more time.”“Negative Boss, you still have 53 minutes until the next board meeting.”Tony put his tools down and looked up from the suit he was working on. It was pretty weird of Rhodey to call him when they would be seeing each other later in the afternoon. Normally, they would catch up at the end of the day anyway over some dinner. “Alright Fri, put him through. Let's see what this is about.”Rhodey’s face appeared in front of him, a tense look on his face. “Did you catch the news yet?”“Hello to you too, Sugarbun. I asked Friday to not disturb me unless it was important, these sensors have been acting up since the last mission and I can’t figure out why. Did something happen?”Rhodey pinched the bridge of his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Canon Compliant
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Friendship
Falling In Love
Healing
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Steve Rogers is a dick
at least at the beginning
Civil War Team Iron Man
Fluff
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
winteriron
Slow Burn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

