Chapter 1: The Stork Club
    




Chapter Text

May 4, 1945
 “I’ve gotta put her in the water,” Steve says.“Please,” Peggy pleads, “don’t do this. We have time. We can work it out!”“Right now, I’m in the middle of nowhere. If I wait much longer a lot of people are gonna die,” Steve replies, his voice sounding resigned.Peggy can feel her heart ripping itself apart.“Peggy, this is my choice,” he says.She closes her eyes, willing the tears not to come.“Peggy,” he says, softer this time.“I’m here,” she says, voice catching in her throat.“I’m gonna need a rain check on that dance.”“All right,” Peggy says, “A week, next Saturday, the Stork Club.”“You got it,” Steve replies.“Eight o’clock on the dot,” Peggy says, “Don’t you dare be late, understood?”“You know, I still don’t know how to dance,” Steve says.“I’ll show you how. Just be there,” Peggy replies, trying to think of that, of how Steve’s body would feel against her as they danced.“We’ll have the band play something slow,” Steve says. “I’d hate to step on your—”Then, static.“Steve?” Peggy says.  
May 6, 1945

 
Peggy’s considering drinking herself to sleep again when there is a pounding on her door.She gets up, wrapping her housecoat around herself, not bothering with shoes and yanks the door open.“What?” she barks.“The Russians found Barnes, Agent,” the man outside says.“They what?” she asks.“They found him lying in the ravine. He lost lots of blood, and his left arm couldn’t be saved, but he’s alive, somehow,” he says.“Give me five minutes,” she says. Barnes is lying on a hospital cot, what remains of his left arm bound in snow-white linen.“They told me he fell,” he says without preamble.“He put the plane down in the North Atlantic,” Peggy says, gingerly taking a seat on the hard plastic chair next to the bed.“Why?” Barnes asks.“There were bombs on the plane, and no way to put it down safely,” Peggy replies.“He always was a stubborn idiot,” Barnes says, turning his face away from her.Peggy gives him a calculating look, then glances at the door to the room, making sure the hallway is empty.“You loved him, didn’t you?” she asks softly.Barnes jerks his head around. “I… what? No, of course not,” he stutters.“Barnes… James,” Peggy says. “Loving someone isn’t something to be ashamed of. I’m fairly certain he loved you, too.”“But he loved you,” Barnes says.“That may be true,” Peggy says. “But Steve had a big heart, even when it wasn’t strong enough to support his spirit sometimes. There was enough room in there for both of us.”“What do we do now?” Barnes asks.“I don’t know,” Peggy says.  
May 8, 1945

 
Peggy stands on the banks of the Thames with Stark, Barnes, and the Howling Commandoes. There are fireworks overhead. V-E Day.Somehow it doesn’t feel right. Like something (someone) is missing.  
May 10, 1945

 
Barnes goes home with a shipment of other GIs. Peggy’s on the same plane. She has somewhere to be on Saturday.  
May 12, 1945

 
She puts on the red dress she wore all those years ago in that bar after Steve and the 107th had returned from the Hydra base. Her hair is curled and pinned within an inch of its life. With a final swipe of red lipstick, Peggy glances at herself in the mirror, then steps out into the Brooklyn night.It’s not by chance she ended up in Brooklyn, of course. She’s staying at a hotel for now, the story she told the man at the front counter is that she’s waiting for her beau to come home from war. Which is, of course, not untrue.She hails a cab easily, and if the cab driver raises an eyebrow at the posh address, he says nothing.Peggy pays the man, then looks up at the sign of the Stork Club.She pushes the door open, and walks up to the maître d’.“How may I help you, ma’am?” he says, after giving her a swift glance over that she pretends not to notice.“I’m meeting someone at 8,” Peggy replies.“Would you like a table, or would you prefer to wait at the bar?” the man asks.“I’ll wait at the bar, thank you,” Peggy replies.“Very well. The coat check is on your left if you have need of it,” he says.Peggy nods at him, then walks into the nightclub, shrugging her fur wrap higher, and ignoring the lewd glances she gets from no few male eyes in the room. She takes an empty seat at the bar, resting her bag on her lap.“What’ll it be, ma’am?” the bartender asks her.“Whiskey, neat,” she says. “The good stuff.” Then slides a bill to the man. “Bring me the bottle, and keep the change.”He looks at the denomination, and gives a low whistle. “If you say so, lady.”She glances at her watch. 7:36. Steve has 24 minutes.34 minutes later, Peggy glances down at the bottle resting by her left hand. It’s only a third gone. She’s going to give Steve until at least halfway down the bottle.She tries not to notice that her whiskey is a little bit salty, and her face is damp.The next time Peggy looks at her watch, it’s 8:29, and she has now finished half the bottle. She pushes the cork into the top, and pulls her shrug up on her shoulders, preparing to leave when a heavy
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Steve didn't die in the plane crash
and Bucky didn't die from the fall
and Peggy is a badass
peggy is a bamf
Period-Typical Sexism
Period-Typical Homophobia
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Internalized Homophobia
Barnes Family
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

