Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Of all the things Loki had ever heard said about him, one of those he agreed with most was that he was an opportunist. If a perfect opportunity presented itself to him, then of course he was going to take it. Why would he not?Therefore, when Stark went down in the lobby of his own building and the Tesseract subsequently landed right at his feet, naturally he utilized it to make his escape.Whyever would he not have? He was not, and had never been, one to calmly accept defeat. Not when there was a perfectly good means of either achieving victory or escape. And, if the latter had often clashed with Thor's Norns-be-damned sense of honor or what was 'right', well Loki hardly cared about that if it either kept him alive or safe. He half wished he could see the look on his so-called brother's face when Thor realized he had not only vanished, but made off with the Tesseract as well.So much for Stark's belief that there was no way he could come out on top.Stark. The reminder of the man made Loki frown even as he glanced around at his surroundings. When he had grabbed the Tesseract, he had only specified to be sent somewhere safe. With the chains Thor had bound him in, his powers had been too restricted for anything more fanciful. Even reaching out far enough to utilize the Tesseract had been all his bound seiðr had been able to do and would not have been possible for any either less skilled or powerful than him.It took him a moment or two, but Loki was relatively confident he had been transported to Nornheimr. What the Tesseract had been thinking depositing him here he did not know, but 'twas not of import. 'Twas away from Thor and out of Óðinn's immediate reach, regardless of how much his former father might think he controlled the planet. Though Queen Karnilla paid homage to Ásgarðr, Loki had long since known she viewed herself and her Realm as independent as well, much as most of the Nine did.He would have no trouble finding a means to free himself from his chains here, nor of finding accommodation and sustenance.The reassurance meant Loki was able to turn his thoughts back to Stark. The events which had led to his escape had transpired very quickly, but he had always been far more observant than most. So he had caught not only the flicker of movement from the downed mortal's hand to the case containing the Tesseract, but also the surprising similarities between the Man of Iron and the bearded man who had grabbed the case and tried to make off with it.Others might have written it off as coincidence or a trick of the light due to the speed with which everything had occurred, but not Loki. Nay, he was certain of what he had seen, and he knew well how there were means to make it far more likely than most would assume it to be.Time travel.Which was very, very interesting. And worrying.Unfortunately, Loki did not even need to ponder why Stark might feel compelled to come back in time to obtain the Tesseract. Even if it meant potentially endangering himself as he had.Thanos. The Infinity Stones.Loki felt a cold fear sweep through him as he realized the full implications of what he had just witnessed. If Stark and the Avengers were resorting to time travel in order to obtain the Infinity Stones for themselves, then it meant the Mad Titan had succeeded in his goal despite Loki's own actions to not only thwart Thanos, but to lose him the Mind Stone as well. He had hoped his actions would be enough to alert Óðinn to the need for vigilance where the Infinity Stones were concerned, but, clearly, he had been mistaken.As tempted as Loki was to shrug it off and let someone else deal with the situation, he knew well he could not. If Thanos succeeded, then it meant half of all life in the universe had been extinguished at the snap of the Mad Titan's fingers. Even if he disregarded The Other's words on what failure would cost him, Loki would not gamble on those odds. He would not leave his own life to pure chance when the odds of his dying were as great as his survival.Nay, if he wished to avert his own potential death, then he would need to act. Before the thought had seemed unappealing, but as Loki looked down at the glowing cube he now held in his hands, he knew the Avengers' own desperate plan had changed everything.He had the Tesseract now, one of the Infinity Stones themselves and one of the six most powerful objects ever to be created.




Notes:

Ta da! The start of a new fic, I hope you liked it. I know it's not the most original idea ever, but hopefully with the new setting/time-stream, I can add some different elements to what's come before it.On a side note: kattenkwaad is the Dutch/Flemish for 'mischief'. As with so many Germanic words, kattenkwaad is a mashup of 2 words, namely 'katten' and 'kwaad'. The reason I mention this is because, if you were to translate those 2 words separately instead of together,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Karnilla/Loki

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Compliant
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Avengers (2012)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Feels
Angst and Humor
Comfort/Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Good Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark-centric
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Brotherly Love
Brotherly Bonding
Brotherly Affection
Brotherhood
Brother Feels
Brother-Brother Relationship
Magic
Magical Accidents
Magic-Users
Age Regression/De-Aging
SHIELD
Cross-Posted on FanFiction.Net
Loki Does What Loki Wants (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Odin's Bad Parenting (Marvel)
Odin's A+ Parenting (Marvel)
Awesome Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
not comic compliant
Tricky Loki (Marvel)
Tricksters
Magic Tricks
Trickster Loki (Marvel)
Trickster Gods
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Prank Wars
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Implied/Referenced Torture
Drama
Powerful Loki
Work In Progress

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Karnilla/Loki

