Chapter 1: Debt Paid
    




Chapter Text

  
 
Brooklyn, New York 1948

 
It was a rainy and cloudy day, the kind of day where one would rather be relaxing inside instead of walking through the hustle and bustle of Brooklyn in the fall. Bucky Barns was one of those unlucky enough to be caught walking in the middle of a storm. That seemed to be his luck though, he always seemed to be coming up short. Times were hard after World War II, families were still rebuilding their lives, soldiers were attempting to recover from the horrors they had witnessed, and a nation was still trying to find its identity. He had seen it all first hand. He hadn’t gone to war. He and his sister had both been born unlucky enough to present as Omegas, greatly disappointing their father, George Barnes, an officer in the army and a hero of the war. Before his father had been shipped out, he was a stern and stoic man, but, he had never been cruel, never been broken. He was always seen as so strong. When the war broke out and he left, his mother never seemed concerned for his wellbeing. She always said he was a strong Alpha and he could get through anything. He was a fighter; he was a warrior… His mother must have underestimated human depravity… George had returned a changed man. He was angry, he drank often and when he wasn’t drinking, he was gambling, something that was quickly squandering the Barnes family’s money. It was no secret amongst the neighborhood that George Barnes owed some dangerous people a lot of money. Thanks to that, Bucky and his sister, Becca, had both been forced to get jobs. It was really a blessing in disguise. Bucky would much prefer being out and about than being home. Thankfully, after the war, Omegas were still allowed to keep some jobs, though they were usually paid much less and were treated as highly inferior. Becca had gotten a job as a seamstress and he had found work assisting some local mechanics. He was quite handy when it came to machinery, could even fix a car better than most Alphas he worked with, though, they never really gave him the chance. So, after a long day he was coming home, dressed in dark blue jumpsuit covered in oil and a red bandana tangled in his chestnut locks, holding them back so they wouldn’t get in his face. He was tired, just wanting to avoid his father and head up to bed, taking a nap before dinner. He was wet and cold, but it just seemed like another average day in Brooklyn. As he approached the Barnes family home, he raised a brow when he saw Becca sitting on the stoop, looking wide-eyed, her thin body shaking. He quickly picked up pace seeing that, running to his sister who immediately got up to greet him. “I’m so glad you’re home.” Becca said, moving to take Bucky’s arm and lead him away from the house. “What’s going on? Are you okay?” He asked. Though they were both Omegas, Becca was still his little sister and he was protective of her. He had a history of tussling with anyone who tried to mess with her, including Alphas. Hell, he had given Brock Rumlow a nice black eye when he tried some funny business with her. “Looks like Dad’s debts are being called in.” She said, wrapping a coat around her form. “Apparently, the old man has been borrowing money from Steve Rogers.” Bucky’s blue eyes went wide at that. “What!? He’s borrowing money from a murdering goon!? Jesus Christ…” He cried out. This was the first he had heard of this, and, it certainly was a revelation! Steve Rogers was notorious in Brooklyn…in New York…in the East Coast! He was a dangerous mafia don who was known for shooting first and asking questions later. If you were stupid enough to cross Steve Rogers your ass was given a nice pair of cement shoes and thrown in the Hudson. “He owes thousands and thousands of dollars, Buck. They’re not playing around, they made it clear that they’re leaving with something…” Becca said, looking back at the house. “Ma is terrified, she’s in the kitchen trying to keep herself from breaking into hysterics.” “Is…Rogers in our house?” Bucky asked, almost feeling some kind of relief when Becca shook her head. “No, but his thugs are.” Becca said, causing Bucky to purse his lips. “Stay out here.” Bucky said, moving to take off the thin coat he was wearing over his jumpsuit, hoping it would help keep her dry. “What do you think you’re doing!? You can’t go in there!” Becca cried out, trying to grab her brother’s arm. “We don’t need our mother being killed because our father is a pathetic swigger who owes a buncha crooks money.” Bucky pointed out. “I’ll be fine, just…stay out here.” He said, ignoring Becca’s cries for him to not go into the house. Opening the door slowly, he could hear yelling coming from the living room. He softly closed the door behind him and followed the raised voices, recognizing his father’s. “I don’t have the money…” “Yeah, that’s pretty obvious.” A handsome dark-skinned man said decked out in an expensive looking suit. Next to him was a redheaded woman, tall and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
1940s
mafia
Crimes & Criminals
Age Difference
Older Man/Younger Man
Abuse
Daddy Kink
Enemies to Lovers
Dark Steve Rogers
Mob Boss Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-World War II Bucky Barnes
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Lingerie
Crossdressing
Explicit Sexual Content
Sugar Daddy
Sugar Baby
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Wealth kink
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Romance
Drama
Feminization
Objectification
daddy Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
mafia wife bucky
Possessive Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Sam has to deal with Bucky's shit
Sassy Bucky Barnes
Character Death
Creepy Brock Rumlow
Corruption
past Brock/Bucky
Dark Tony Stark
Possible non-con
Attempted Sexual Assault
fashionista Bucky
Mpreg
Silver Fox Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

