Chapter 1: The Truce
    




Chapter Text
“I’ve been promised a challenge,” Natasha said, sitting down in the chair in front of Loki’s cell. The SHIELD agent who came before her had left it behind when they fled the scene in tears after some cutting remark from their prisoner. She crossed her legs and examined her fingernails critically. She’d have to schedule a manicure after this bullshit was over. “This is highly anticlimactic.”When she checked the feed ten minutes ago, he was still pacing the glass enclosure, shooting nasty glares at the cameras occasionally. As if he owned the place.Then she came down and found… This.Loki, huddled in the middle of the floor, hugging his legs, with his face hidden in his arms, rocking back and forth like a four-year-old with separation anxiety.She watched him through slanted eyes for a couple of minutes, trying to figure out what made him change his play from the looming, grinning conqueror to this and what it was supposed to achieve. Was he trying to lure her into opening the cell and use it to escape?She pulled out her phone and checked the feed to see if it wasn’t an illusion and found out, with a bit of disappointment, that no, it was not.The whole magic thing was fascinating, and it was a shame their guest used it so uncreatively.“Come on, this is no fun,” she goaded.It achieved absolutely zilch.She sighed, got up and went to stand closer to the division, then tapped the glass. “Hey, Earth to wherever-the-fuck-in-space, you still with us?”Loki’s shoulders shook with a suppressed shudder, but he didn’t look up or move from his position.She sat back in the chair, pondering on her options. She could call it in, but Fury had the feed, and he knew what was happening and he would recall her if something came down to change her mission objective. Or she could stay and still try to get him to talk, somehow.On the other side of the glass, Loki’s limbs unfurled, and his shaky fingers wandered up to fumble with the clasp of his coat. He fussed with the buckles for a moment, then tore the cloak off and started an uneven fight with the laces of his tunic.He was sitting facing the side, so all she could see was his profile, but it was enough to register the blind desperation painting on his face. His chest was heaving, his shoulders shook, and his lips were moving soundlessly while he was gasping for air like a fish out of water.Only then she realized what she was looking at. It wasn’t a game, nor a trick, nor a cleverly crafted ruse. Loki, the Norse god of mischief and chaos and whatever else it was, was having a panic attack.“Hey!” she called, banging on the glass once again, not trying to be subtle this time. “Loki!”That, finally, got some sort of reaction. He froze and his eyes slowly focused. First on her, then dashed around, taking in the room. The panicked confusion on his face slowly gave way to dark realization, just for a brief moment, before it snapped to a carefully crafted, neutral mask.His lips curled back into a nasty smile. “Agent Romanoff.”She laughed. It would be a valiant attempt if she hadn’t seen what she just had. “Nope, that ship has sailed. I’m not going to play this game with you.”“Too bad, I was looking forward to it,” he said, crossing his legs and turning to her. The deep shadows slowly faded from under his eyes and the reddened skin around his mouth, eyes and throat turned back to pale. He was hiding it with some kind of magic, but it was already too late for that. She had already seen what she wasn’t supposed to.“How about you tell me what this freak-out was all about instead?”He laughed a mirthless laugh devoid of any humor. “You came here to play a therapist?”“I came here to trick the truth about your purpose here out of you, but it looks like we have a more burning issue than that to settle. What are those marks on your throat?”“What marks?”“Do I look like a fool?”He tilted his head and regarded her through narrowed eyes for a moment. “No,” he said with a pleasant smile, as fake as his composure.“So?”“I tripped and fell.”“On a garotte?”He huffed out a laugh. “You’ve got a keen eye, Agent Romanoff. Is your expertise limited to objects used for inflicting pain?”“I know a thing or two about what happens after they are used, too.”“Oh. Is that a threat or a promise? Should I rather be excited or concerned about my wellbeing?”“You should be telling me about the person who did that to you,” she bit back without missing a beat. Her comm-link rustled, and she muted it. Fury could wait.“What makes you think…”“Cut the crap. You missed your chance at making an impression. I know what I saw. What was it that triggered you? The enclosure? The lights? The noise?”He scoffed in indignation and his fingers wandered up to fix his shirt, tying the laces back up.“Huh?”“The air. It got too hot,” he said quietly without looking up at her.She wandered back to the control panel of the cage. The containment cell had a standalone temperature control and a dedicated air han
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Avengers Team & Loki

freeform: 
Loki Has Issues (Marvel)
Panic Attacks
Aftermath of Torture
Natasha Romanoff's A+ communication skills
Odin's A+ Parenting (Marvel)
Angst and Feels
Sick Character
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Avengers
Bruce Banner Cooks
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Mind-controlled Invaders to POWs to Friends
(how is that not a tag)
Alien Cultural Differences
Misunderstandings
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Torture
Mind Manipulation
Asphyxiation
Rescue Missions
Blood
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Avengers Team & Loki

