Work Text:
In retrospect, the truly surprising thing is that Tony Stark has apparently given him emergency access to the Mansion. Phil had keyed his radio, ordering “Lockdown protocols now,” and rattled off his SHIELD authorisation code. The Mansion – JARVIS – had obeyed him before Phil had even thought about the implications. And while he has no doubt that there are some basic similarities with the Mansion security and the high security at HQ (Stark did design them both), being authorised for one doesn’t give you access to the other. Agents have tried. Phil has been locked out of the Mansion on more than one occasion. (Stark can be petty.) But apparently in an emergency situation, he’s trusted to call the shots. Which was useful yesterday, because no one else was in any position to do that.Phil has decided to focus on the surprising abatement of Stark’s distrust, rather than the nature of the emergency in question. The Director seems to have other ideas.Fury temples his fingers together. “Tell me how this started?”“It’s all in my report, sir.”“I’ve read your report. I’ve also watched security footage from inside the Mansion, interrogated three enemy agents, and received six of the strangest post-incident reports I’ve ever read. And you have to be asking, do you think that’s something I say very often? In this job?”“No, sir.”“So. Let’s start from the beginning.” *His first thought was Loki, because Loki was always their first suspect when impossible things happened.Phil had been in the kitchen at the Mansion, because Stark was screwing with him and keeping him waiting. Phil had been repaying the kindness by drinking copious amounts of their excellent coffee, and contemplating replacing the contents of the bottle of presumably expensive scotch with apple juice. He wasn’t normally petty but Stark brought it out of him.All six of them had been in the room next door. They still didn’t play well together but the chance of an intra-team murder had at least been mostly averted. Phil was waiting for a signature on an expenses form; Stark had gone to check what exactly the justification had been for the destruction of that office building. He had claimed Banner would know, but Phil had doubted that, somehow.There was a crash, and then a slowly accelerating tick tick tick. Light burst from under the closed door and Phil was through it, gun raised, before the shadows melted away. It wasn’t fast enough.He called the lockdown and put a bullet in the black-clad enemy agent. The doors locked around them but he could hear noises inside the grounds. The magic had only been the first wave – the plan must be to send their men in right after. Once the primary threats had been neutralised. *Fury looks at him. “You took the shot before you realised?”“I took the shot because he was aiming the weapon at me.”“All right.”“I didn’t think it would help the situation if I was-.”“If you were a six-year old too?” Fury asks. His tone betrays nothing.Phil is more than a match for his boss. “Given the effects of the device, I imagine I would have ended up seven or eight. Rogers is the youngest, and he looked to be about six. So far as I can judge these things.”“Which would make Stark and Dr Banner eight, and the other three seven.”Phil concedes this. “It was hard to tell with Thor. We don’t know what age he is now.”“Nevertheless,” Fury says. “Grade schoolers.”“Yes, sir.” Fury looks like he’s expecting further elaboration. “It was clear magic was involved.”“I would think.”“Sir.”“I’m just curious, Coulson, what your first response was.”Phil doesn’t quite shrug. “I followed protocol.” *People think Coulson is unflappable - that he doesn’t react with appropriate severity to the many unusual things that have been happening in the world long before Stark built himself a suit of flying armour and privatised world peace.This is not true.Phil chooses to panic quietly, on his own time, when the mission is over. He won’t deny that it’s unnerving to be suddenly faced with seven and eight year old versions of SHIELD’s premier team. But there wasn’t any point focussing on that now.The emergency was still happening so he reached out his hand and said, “You all need to come with me now.”Phil won a small, private wager with himself when Stark tilted his head and in a lighter version of his normal derisive tone asked, “Why?”There was a thump on the outside door. Phil said, “Because there are people out there trying to kill you, and I’m not.”Stark, even at seven-years-old (eight?) seemed unsurprised that people were out to get him.Rogers was the one to ask, this time, “What? Why?”“Because they’re bad people. And they think you’re dangerous.” Rogers looked down at himself and while he wasn’t as small as the pictures in his file made out, Phil understood why he would be confused. He took a moment to wonder why Rogers wasn’t as sickly-looking or as undersized as he should be at this age. But he was distracted by the other problem. “Clint Barton, if you don’t stop
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
De-aging
Fluff
Canon-Typical Violence
Trust
Protectiveness

fandom: 
None
