Chapter 1: Infinity Stones
    




Chapter Text
Tony had expected something like this to happen. He’d had five amazing years of peace with Pepper and Morgan. Five years where he was honestly happy.
And then Rogers and Romanoff showed up because they suddenly needed him again. Oh he wasn’t falling for that ‘togetherness’ crap Rogers liked to spout. He’d heard nothing from them since arriving back on earth after the disaster on Titan. He’d heard nothing from them when he and Pepper got married or when Morgan was born.
Like always they only turned to him when he could do something they needed, Roger’s earnest blue eyes begging him to put the past aside so that they could save the day again.
Yeah right, more likely so that they could save Bucky again.
Tony wasn’t stupid. He’d learnt from his mistakes and had long since given up on the Avengers ever being a real team. At least when it came to him.
So he told them no. No he wouldn’t help them mess with time and potentially make things worse. No he wouldn’t leave Pepper and Morgan. No he wouldn’t risk dying now that he had a kid.
But he was a selfish person sometimes. And he was weak when it came to people he genuinely loved. Pepper knew him well enough to know that he’d go and join them, that he’d never be able to let the chance of getting Peter back go.
So she smiled at him, eyes glinting with tears, and told him to go. He supposed she expected this too.
He hated the pain in her face as she told him it was okay to rest now, that it was over. He hated that Morgan would grow up without him.
He hated the fear and heartbreak in Peter’s voice, but he was back. He was alive and that made it worth it. Made working with people he couldn’t trust worth it. Made the burning pain in his body worth it.
He wished he didn’t have to go though.
Then don’t. An unfamiliar voice whispered through his mind as the world faded.
What?

Don’t go.


He’s a stubborn one.


He could fix it.

Several voices swirled through his head.
He suddenly found himself standing in the middle of black nothingness as six colours started to form around him.
“What the fuck now?” he groaned, voice echoing…wherever he was.
Your mind. An amused voice answered, the yellow lighting up as he spoke. It’s a fascinating place.
Don’t be creepy. The blue lit up this time, sounding scolding. We want him to help us.
Why do we need a human? They’re weak. Purple glowed and these were the infinity stones weren’t they? Holy shit.
He’s different. Blue…Space? Insisted.
What’s with your obsession with this human? Red demanded, twisting restlessly. Reality right?
He’s different. Space insisted again.
He is. Green, Time, agreed softly. He can fix it.
They all fell silent for a moment. It was a testament to how weird Tony’s life was that he wasn’t completely panicking right now. He was freaking out a little though. But he deserved that much. He’d been pretty sure he was dying before whatever this was started happening.
You were dying. Orange, pretty sure that was Soul, said. Your body could not handle the amount of power you needed from us to fix what Thanos broke.
There was definite distaste in the voice when mentioning the titan.
“You’re not much of a fan of the purple grape are you?” Tony asked faintly while his brain struggled to process everything. This could just be a fever dream. One last weird thing his brain throws at him before he dies.
The colours shifted in…amusement?
We are not tools to be used. Power hissed, the purple light sharpening in anger.
We are not slaves. Reality agreed, light looking more mist-like than the others.
“Well, my theory was that you’re somewhat sentient but I didn’t expect this,” Tony admitted. His inner scientist was freaking out and he really wanted to run tests right now.
See? He’s different. He wants to understand. But he has never wanted to use us. He learns from us. He only used us when forced. Space moved forward slightly, the blue light moving lazily. His heart, he learnt from me and saved himself.
At his approach the arc reactor lit up, shining the same blue as the Space Stone.
The colours shifted again and Tony got the distinct impression that they were curious now.
“The reactor?” he should not be as calm as he was but…science… “Oh…the element was based on the Tesseract.” His eyes lit up in understanding as Space moved back again. “You were in the Tesseract so it’s actually based on you.”
You harnessed time travel without my assistance. Time murmured.
You created living souls from circuits and electricity. Soul sounded awed.
You are human but you fight alongside those far stronger. Power sounded grudgingly impressed.
If something is impossible, you find a way to do it. Reality curled in delight.
Your mind is decades ahead of others, resilient to those who used my power against you in hate. Mind sounded curious and Tony shivered at the reminder of Wanda. The Mind Stone didn’t sound crazy and homicidal like Ultron but he couldn’t quite forget that it…he? Had killed JARVIS.
I was taint
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Jane Foster

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Time Travel Fix-It
not SHIELD friendly
Not Natasha Romanoff Friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Thor Redemption
Clint redemption

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Jane Foster

