Chapter 1: Right?
    




Chapter Text
Everyone knew Peter had a crush on Bucky Barnes.
 
It was obvious really. The teen would stumble over his words and turn redder than the dirt the second the older man would walk into a room. At first the rest of the Avengers found Peter’s nervous stammering and quite admiration adorable, but it eventually became a bit upsetting to watch.
 
Because everyone knew Bucky hated Peter Parker.
 
He had never laid a hand on the younger boy mostly thanks to the threat of his two powerful fathers. But he hated the kid. He was loud, annoying, and had too much energy. Bucky couldn’t help but roll his eyes whenever Peter would enter a room. There wasn’t any main overall reason he couldn’t stand him; it was just a fact. Every once and a while he would feel bad for his coldness to the kid who obviously liked him, but he would just push it from his mind.
 
It was a normal Monday morning at the Avengers complex. Everyone was buzzing round, making breakfast, drinking coffee, or, in the case of Clint, playing a solo round of Mario Kart. Peter stumbled down the stairs, backpack on, already running late for school.
 
“Hurry up Pete. Happy will leave without you.” Tony said, patting his son on the back and he quickly rushed into the kitchen and grabbed a piece of toast from his other father.
 
“Lunch?” Steve reminded his son.
 
“Right.” Peter nodded, turning quickly without looking and running directly into Bucky Barnes and his steaming cup of coffee. Peter, being much smaller, fell to the floor, pulled down by his book bag.
 
“Damn it!” Bucky glowered, the dark liquid in his cup splashing up and staining his shirt. “Watch where you’re going!”
 
“S-sorry!” Peter said, blushing frantically as he scrambled to his feet. Unfortunately for him, he grabbed onto the nearest thing which happened to be a pot of freezing cold water sitting on the counter. He grabbed the handle for support on instinct causing it to fling the water into the air, drenching both Bucky and Peter.
 
The whole room was silent, watching the obviously building fury in Bucky and the look of absolute mortification on the teenager’s face.
 
“I’m s-sorry.” Peter whimpered out, clearly afraid.
 
“Jesus Christ! How can you be so fucking stupid!” Bucky shouted, grabbing the nearest towel and using it to try and dry himself.
 
“I’m s-sorry Mr. B-Barnes-”
 
“Great! You’re sorry. That really helps.” Bucky shook his head.
 
“Why don’t you get changed Pete.” Steve stepped it, ushering his son out of the kitchen. Peter looked close to tears at that point more from the embarrassment of spilling water on his crush than anything else.
 
“You could try to be nicer to him.” Steve said once the rest of the team had gone back to what they were doing. He was glad Tony had disappeared into the lab before Bucky had shouted at Peter because his husband would not have been happy. He was perhaps more protective of Peter than anyone else in the house.
 
“The little shit spilled my coffee and a pot of water on me.” Bucky grunted, folding the towel he had used and setting it on the counter.
 
“Well, he clearly has a little crush on you. Just try to be nice.” Steve said to his friend. He hadn’t been thrilled when Peter’s feelings had become obvious. Peter was only 17 and Bucky was technically in his late twenties if you don’t count the time, he was frozen. He did think it was a bit adorable the way Peter’s eyes would light up with Bucky entered a room, but it always hurt him a bit that his friend couldn’t even pretend to be nice. Maybe it was for the best. Peter just needed to outgrow this crush.
 
“I’m going to the gym.” Bucky said, choosing not to reply to his friend, instead turning and making his way down the stairs. He didn’t know why everyone cared so much about how he treated Peter. The kid was nothing, but an issue and Bucky wasn’t going to pretend otherwise.
---
“You spilled his coffee?!” Ned practically shouted.
 
“I didn’t mean to!” Peter groaned. “And talk quieter. I don’t want people to hear about my love life.”
 
“It doesn’t sound like much of a love life.” MJ remarked from where she was drawing in her sketch book across the lunch table. Neither Ned nor Peter had thought she was listening.
 
“Dude, why does he hate you so much?”
 
“I have no idea.” Peter replied, poking at his lunch, not feeling very hungry after retelling the events of that morning. “I mean it’s not like I expect him to like me back or anything but does he really have to be so…”
 
“Hot? Dark? Muscular?” MJ asked. Peter blushed, recognizing the words that he had used to describe Bucky in the past.
 
“Mean?” Ned supplied.
 
“Yeah I guess.” Peter nodded. “I know I can be annoying and all that but still.”
 
“Have you managed to speak a sentence to him?” Ned chuckled.
 
“Almost!” Peter said. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me through. It’s like my brain falls apart when I get within a few feet of him. I can’t think straight let alone talk.”
 
“Trust me, nothing you are describin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Lovers
Angst
Fluff
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Steve Rogers Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hurt/Comfort
Romance
Jealousy
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Bullying
Pining
One-Sided Attraction
Violence
Injury
Kidnapping
Near Death Experiences

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

