Chapter 1: Home Movies
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
May is pretty proud of herself for bringing the photo albums. She hadn’t given it a lot of thought, in the moment. She’d gone to her room to change before Captain America and the Winter Soldier took her to meet Iron Man, who is apparently Peter’s father  –  crazy!  – and spotted the photo she keeps on the dresser of Peter, Ben, and Rick that was taken at the Stark Expo in 2010. They’re in front of the unisphere, posed and smiling brightly. Peter is around five or six years old and dressed like one of the merchandise booths exploded onto him. Rick’s holding Peter propped on one hip while Ben leans over to give his brother bunny ears.Looking at it, the thought had hit her that Tony Stark missed twelve years of his child’s life, and she can’t give those back to him. All she can give him are the photos and videos. Answer any questions he asks.Give him back the child she raised.Tony seems fascinated by them. Peter is chagrined. Either way, they’ve been a good ice breaker after yesterday, which had vasicilitated wildly between being overwhelming and awkward.“Oh god, May.” Peter groans. “I thought we agreed to burn this one.”She peers over his shoulder. The photo in question is from a play in elementary school about the founding fathers. Peter had just gotten glasses and they hadn’t had time to switch out the first, cheap set of frames, so the round shape makes his eyes look huge. His wig is sitting askew and his costume is too big. He’s slumped on the steps outside the school, next to another boy, both of them glowering at the camera.“Who are you supposed to be?” Tony asks.“I honestly don’t remember,” Peter says.Pepper comes back in the room, Morgan resting on one hip. She leans over Tony’s shoulder. “Oh, that’s adorable,” she says.“He’s Benjamin Franklin,” May says. “You forgot all your lines,” she adds. “You got up there and just stared at the crowd like a little deer in the headlights. The teacher had to step in and save you.” She grins at Tony. “I’m sure I have video.”“No,” Peter says.“I absolutely need to see that,” Tony tells her.Pepper laughs. “Tony never sticks to his lines either. Every press conference is an adventure.”“You like when I go off script,” Tony says. “I proposed to her at a press conference,” he explains to Peter.“Occasionally it works out,” Pepper acknowledges.May watches them, bemused. It hits her again that she’s talking to  Tony Stark and Pepper Potts.  This weekend has been completely surreal, and if not for the results of the DNA test she’s seen with her own eyes, and the resemblance she can see now that Tony and Peter are sitting next to each other, she’s not sure she’d believe any of it is real.May’s digging through the box to see if that play is on one of the disks she brought. Ben used to have a fancy camera he recorded everything on before burning it to DVD so there are a handful of SD cards too, and she’d just grabbed the box he kept everything in when they’d headed up here. There’s a single VHS tape that May hadn’t noticed before, and she pulls it out, curious. The sticker is peeling and the writing is in cyrillic.“I think this might be from the orphanage,” she says. “I can’t read it.”Tony takes the tape from her, turning it over in his hands with a frown. “VHS, Jesus. Okay, be right back.” He sets the tape down on the coffee table. “Wanna see the garage?” he asks Peter, a little too casual. Like he hasn’t spent the past day and a half barely looking away from him.“Uh, sure,” Peter says, trailing after Tony out of the room.Pepper settles onto the couch, adjusting the baby on her lap. “They’ll be awhile if he’s gonna build a VCR from scratch.”May leans in for a closer look at Morgan, who’s been napping the past hour. “Hello, darling,” she coos. Morgan smiles at her. She has the same eyes as Peter.May wonders, suddenly, how this is going to work. Is she supposed to leave Peter here? Walk away? Or are they going to hash out a schedule like divorced parents? She’s raised him for eight years, she would die for him, and yet her claim on him is suddenly very tenuous.It only takes Tony and Peter an hour to come back with a VCR. It also plays DVDs and reads all the various memory card sizes. May watches as they hook it up to the television. “Where did you even get the parts?” she asks.“Probably dismantled our toaster,” Pepper says.“It’s a video player, it's not like it was hard,” Tony says. “Kid did most of it. Your toaster’s fine.” He sticks the tape in, then stops. “Oh, we forgot a remote.”May laughs.“In my defense, we don’t have remotes for anything. FRIDAY controls it all.”“You mean you didn’t put an A.I. in the custom VCR?” Pepper asks, feigning shock.“Gimme another fifteen minutes and I will.”“Just use the buttons.”“Buttons,” Tony says, as if offended by the very concept.Pepper grabs Tony’s hand, pulling him down to sit on the couch. She hands Morgan to him. Tony boun
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Kidnapping
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark are Siblings (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Family Drama
Not a lot of superhero antics
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
POV Outsider
in one or two chapters
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Lots of minor appearances from other characters

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

