Chapter 1





Chapter Text

And when the sun comes


Try not to hate the light


Someday we'll try to walk upright

 

Crawl Till Dawn


- Damn These Vampires, The Mountain Goats 

 

 Missions were never simple. Plans were never decided upon in terms of how to keep the most soldiers alive, let alone civilians. The goal was always to complete the mission objective, nothing less, rarely anything more.
Of course, HYDRA had the best. Experiments and projects were trained for the field at the time of their creation, and it was to no one’s surprise that the two strongest soldiers to come out of HYDRA were made in the labs.
The Winter Soldier and the Spider, also called Pauk were an unlikely duo, but the deadliest that HYDRA has produced. They were unlikely in looks: a manky older man with a metal arm, and a younger boy, no older than 13 who resembled more of a stick than any type of creature with strength. Still, their combined job success rate was near 100%. They both knew what lengths had to be gone to for the job to be finished.
Those who worked with the assets knew that the strange bond that the two had could be dangerous if used against HYDRA. Many had speculated that if one died, that the other may not be as efficient. The spider was young, and fully in their grasp, but the soldier required regular torture and memory wiping to work as the machine that he is. It was obvious that the soldier felt the desire to protect the younger boy, which was a weakness that they could not seem to wipe. But why not use their greatest weakness to HYDRA’s own advantage, before someone else could?
In 2016, many branches of HYDRA fell. The Winter Soldier fell with them, going missing in action. He was quickly declared a traitor of HYDRA’s cause, and one of their top enemies. They knew that now; the little Spider would never leave them. How could the young boy leave the only life he had ever known now that his only friend was not only a top public enemy of HYDRA, but of the world?
It was clear that the Spider was the only one for the next mission: Kill the Winter Soldier, formerly known as James Barnes.
A commander droned, “Pauk. The Asset automatically took the backpack from the outstretched hands, reaching in to slide the gun into his boot holster.
“Your objective is simple. Do not make this any harder than it needs to be. Resources are limited, and we cannot waste them on you.”
The Asset gave a curt nod. “Target is James Buchanan Barnes. As a traitor of HYDRA, he is now a carrier of secrets and a weapon that is not to get out.”
A quick buzz behind the Asset made him tense up, which only made the coming pain of the electric baton worse. “You are to kill Barnes. Extracting him is not an option- he is affiliated with the Avengers now, who we do not need at this moment.”
The shocking electricity only seemed to ramp up as the projector was rolled out in front of him. This used to be something that he had to be seated for, but since the Soldier’s betrayal, the Asset knew his true place. His pain was only temporary, and it was to make sure he never strayed.
Pictures of the Winter Soldier started flicking on the wall in front of them, mixed with clips of war, death, and pain.
The voice that the Asset wasn’t sure if he feared or revered started speaking: “Shest, Ottsy, khranilishche, ukushennyy,” Another electric baton struck the Asset, in the ribs. He had to grit his teeth, tasting metal in his mouth, but he was at least still on his feet. He could not be taken down.
Video from before Barnes had become the Soldier started to play, a Barnes that was unfamiliar to the Asset, but it only fueled his hatred even more. “Oruzhive, beskonechnost,”
The pain started to dull as the Asset only could hear the words.
The blankness of the mind was accepted readily. He may have been screaming, he may have started bleeding from the nose, but he did not fall. “Motor, nizhniydragotsennyy, poteryannyy.”
When the Asset came back to, there was no one in the room. The exit was open, and a file lay open on the table. KILL BARNES, it read in red ink. The Asset took it and left the base, nothing more than a weapon, on his way to complete a mission.
 
There was to be an attack on the public of New York. It was detailed out in the file: nothing intense, or forceful, just enough to get the Avengers downtown. From there, it was the Asset’s mission to kill Barnes while everyone else just had to make sure that the Pauk could complete his mission. The Pauk wouldn’t fail- he never had before. He had grown up in multiple HYDRA bases, being trained by the best of the best. The Asset had even been given mutations, his DNA merged with the DNA of a spider, giving him powers that not even HYDRA had expected. His communication device in his ear buzzed.
“Pauk, metallicheskiy chelovek zamechen.” Spider, metal man spotted. That was the Asset’s cue. Moving with incredibly agility, the Asset run and jumped off of the roof he was perched on.
That was when he flicked his wrist, a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Team Bonding
Team as Family
Precious Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Peter Needs a Hug
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Hydra Peter Parker
Past Abuse
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Bucky Barnes
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Can't Thermoregulate
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

