Work Text:
It was a commonly held belief that Steve Rogers had gotten smarter after he'd been injected with the serum, and technically that was true. Steve had been no slouch before the serum, however, and more importantly, he had been adaptable before the serum. All the brains and planning in the world meant no difference if they couldn't be applied to the task at hand. Adaptability was key. Thankfully, you couldn't be a scrawny little runt on the streets of Brooklyn, struggling to scrape together enough money to attend art school and provide for an ailing mother—or, in the end, enough money to attend art school and half the recruiting offices in the northeastern United States—and be anything but adaptable. Now, that adaptability paired with intelligence, strategy, and lightning-quick reflexes made Steve a true force to be reckoned with.Adaptability had carried him through the shock of waking up seventy years in the future, alone but never, not even almost, forgotten. Adaptability had helped him learn to live with his new teammates, even when Storm accidentally knocked the power out of the entire tower or Tony Stark's coffee maker talked to him. Adaptability had helped him lead the team to victory over countless opponents. And now, he was sure, adaptability would get him through this.The thing of it was, in his day, he was relatively sure that the rules of this dating thing were different. He hadn't exactly had a lot of experience with dating back then, but still. Things had made sense then. When he looked at Tony Stark now, his heart started to beat madly and his face felt hot and nothing made sense.Steve didn't know what to do with this information. He knew that this was the future now, or at least a very different present, and you couldn't just ask a guy if he'd like to get a malt sometime maybe. And even in a world where everything was different, Tony Stark was unique. It was as if someone had taken everything new and foreign and fast-paced and slightly intimidating and rolled them up into one very idiosyncratic man, who also happened to be smart and interesting and handsome and very, very experienced. No, a plan of action was required.The key to adaptability, Steve had learned, was gathering and interpreting information. The first step to any strategy was getting intelligence. What he needed was a good how-to on modern romance. This, unfortunately, was easier said than done. His first inclination had been to observe modern romances to see how things should be done, but he had learned very quickly through watching television on Tony's ridiculously large television that he did not want a relationship like most of those. He didn't want to play games, and get into love triangles, or fight and break up every other week. If he was being entirely honest with himself, he wanted something much more resembling “forever”, and he wanted Tony to want that, too. The relationships he saw like that, however, were frankly even more frightening, and seemed to include blood pacts and stalking and far too much sparkling.It occurred to him, after a week or so of watching daytime tv, that he should possibly try looking at less sensationalistic relationships. Abandoning the tv (but not quickly enough to avoid the inevitable teasing when Jan looked through the recently watched shows list and saw Twilight), he took to the internet. When Tony had first given Steve a worryingly small box called a laptop and introduced him to the internet, he'd told him that he could find anything he needed to know on it, and more besides.Steve quickly learned that this was a bit of an understatement. As soon as he hesitatingly typed in “how to date” in the search bar, he was bombarded with a torrent of information.Finally, Steve was forced to conclude that, as embarrassing as the concept seemed, he was probably going to need to ask someone for advice. He needed to find someone who was familiar enough with the modern world to know how to operate in situations like this, and someone who was familiar enough with him to know how to explain it—hopefully without laughing. It was with some startlement that he realized that he just so happened to know an expert. ~~~ “You want to know what?” Tony asked him, eyes wide over the rim of his coffee cup. Steve had caught him (or, well, ambushed him, really) during one of his irregular trips up to the kitchen for sustenance, and once Tony was settled at the table with a sandwich and a mugful of steaming hot battery acid, had explained his predicament.Steve swallowed and forced himself to hold Tony's gaze even as his cheeks began to heat. “I want to know—um, how do people woo each other nowadays?” He was stumbling over his words now, which was unlike him, but it was difficult to concentrate when Tony was still looking at him like that with eyes wide and dark and hazed with exhaustion and something else that Steve couldn't quite name. Tony had never looked at him like that when he'd asked any of his other questio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Cap_Ironman Fic Exchange Challenge
Seduction

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

