Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You’re telling me that the group of you couldn’t bring in one inexperienced vigilante?” Fury asked unimpressed as he looked over the report from the latest mission. He tossed the folder on the table and glanced around the room.“Kid’s slippery,” Tony finally said with a shrug.“Kid?” Steve asked from his spot across the table. “Why do you keep referring to him as a kid?” Steve said, eyebrows furrowed.“You’ve seen him, right?” Tony asked after a beat, “Tiny, built like a child still, voice is also a dead giveaway,” Tony pointed out, “Maybe be a little more perceptive, Cap.”“Enough,” Fury said and the rest of the room turned their attention back to him as well. “Bring Spider-Man in. End of discussion.”0~0~0“FRI,” Tony said as he entered his lab, “Where are we with that tracking?” He asked.“Spider-Man appears to reside in Queens. He disappears quickly after fights or patrol,” The AI informed him, “He’s never out during school hours,” Tony nodded, that helped with the child theory. “He’s also never out past midnight or so,” The AI continued. Tony took that information in. It made sense. Kid needed at least some sleep or time to do homework and whatever.“Anything else?” Tony asked.“He doesn’t appear to go back to the same place for very long at a time,” The AI said. Tony had been attempting to track the kid for a couple months now. He was a slippery little shit. Tony looked at the map of Queens that was displayed for him. The kid used to disappear back to a certain apartment building. Then he’d started heading for some house in the not-so-nice part of town. Recently, he’d been heading for a different apartment building.“Any closer to identifying the kid?” Tony asked as he studied the map. He knew he could go pull the kid pretty easily. He could end this whole mission tonight if he really wanted to. But he didn’t really understand why Fury wanted Spider-Man so badly. So he wasn’t going to help him out too much until he did.“Based on bone structure that I can gather and mannerisms,” FRIDAY started, “I would wager somewhere around a seventeen-year-old teenager,” The AI finished.“Younger than I thought,” Tony said as he rotated the map on the hologram in front of him, “What about that web fluid we got off of my suit? Anything on that?”“It appears to be man-made, sir,” The AI informed him.Tony’s eyes went wide. He’d assumed it was part of the kid’s spidey-physiology. “He made that?” He asked in wonder. “That shit’s impressive,” He said.“Yes, sir. It seems to have been manufactured by Spider-Man himself.”“Well, I’ll be damned,” Tony said.0~0~0Tony suited up and followed the rest of the team. They’d gotten a tip that Spider-Man was out on patrol early today. It was Friday. That made sense. The kid wouldn’t have homework tonight most likely.“So, what’s the plan if we catch this kid?” Tony said into his comms.“I’d also like to know that information,” Natasha said in agreement with him.“Fury thinks he could be a possible threat,” Steve answered.“He’s a child who’s been stopping robberies and muggings. Hell, last week he saved a kitten in a tree,” Tony pointed out, “Seems really threatening to me.”“Yeah, Cap,” Came Clint’s voice across the channel now, “Is this like a routine question him thing or are they going to keep him?”“Keep him?” Tony cut off any reply Steve had, “They wouldn’t have any right to keep him. He’s a child.”“We don’t exactly know that,” Steve said in reply, “And, as far as I know, SHIELD just wants to talk to him.”Tony zeroed in on the hero who was currently sitting on the ledge of a building, legs dangling over the side. He landed easily behind the kid and lifted the face plate as he muted his comms.“Kid,” Tony said and the vigilante shifted to sit cross-legged, “Look, I don’t pretend to know what’s going on. But-” He was cut off as Steve ran out onto the roof. Clint and Natasha followed quickly after. Sam landed not far behind them. “Avengers,” Spider-Man said as he stood and stood up on the ledge, “It’s super nice to see you all again,” He said sarcastically, “But I’m really getting tired of these little meetings. You’re not my types,” He said and cocked his head to the side.Tony snorted and could have sworn he heard Natasha let out a snicker as well.“You could end all of these meetings now and just come with us,” Steve said in that reasonable tone he had perfected.“As fun as that sounds,” Spider-Man responded, “I just don’t want to,” He gave a short wave and back flipped off of the building. They saw him swing between buildings and Tony sighed. “Alright, let’s follow,” Steve said and the rest of them set off again. They never caught him. Tony didn’t know why they were still bothering with the chase.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Peter Parker
Foster Care
Foster Kid Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Aunt Natasha Romanov
Awesome Pepper Potts
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

