Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
 
IRON MAN 2


Chapter 1
“Let’s begin…” Vision states as he inserts the disk in. All of them settle back down, as Tony interjects, “Fair warning, I think I know what this one is, just remember I was dying- “
He’s interrupted by Steve and some of the others exclaiming, “Dying!?”

Tony rolls his eyes, “I’ve done that plenty of times, don’t look so surprised. Anyways, as I was saying, during this time I was dying and was acting like even more of an asshole than usual, so please don’t judge me on that.”

There’s a short silence following the speech until, finally, Wanda breaks it quietly saying, “I’m not going to judge you again. Seeing this, told me enough to know that you’re very different from what people say.”

Tony looks taken aback, then after a moment says, “Thank you. I appreciate it.”

Natasha nods in approval then looks at Clint, who sighs and says, “I’ll try not to comment as much, but I can’t say that I won’t judge you.”

Tony nods, at least he’d be spared the harsh comments. Steve says nothing, just like Tony expects and he doesn’t ask further.

The movie begins on its own.

[00:00:00 to 00:01:00]

There’s a sprawling shot of a city shown as text reading Moscow, appears at the bottom of the screen as a voice over narrates the final events of the previous film. Screen cuts to focus on an outdated TV replaying Tony’s iconic press conference, as the camera slowly zooms out to reveal a cluttered room in a clearly poor area before panning out to an old man lying in a bed. The man weakly calls out, the camera pivots to a middle-aged man with long salt and pepper hair.

“Who’s that?” Bruce asks Tony.

Tony answers, “That’s Ivan Vanko, son of Anton Vanko. You’ll see soon.”

“Wait… I’ve seen him, or read about him somewhere,” Clint frowns trying to remember.

Natasha solves his confusion, “He was in SHIELD files until Tony deleted it.”

Tony smirks, “You’ll only see what I want you to see. I don’t need people prying into my life.”

Steve interrupts, “So that’s why there was practically nothing in your file except Nat’s report, and something about the Arc Reactor?”

Tony nods.

Natasha winces at the mention of the report then says to the room, “The report was wrong, I’ll admit I assessed him when he was dying, and it wasn’t accurate at all. I’m sorry for that Tony.”

Tony shakes his head, “It’s too late for that.”

Natasha simply lowers her head.

[00:01:01 to 00:01:59]

Ivan goes to his father’s bedside following his weak calls for him, attempting to make Anton more comfortable in his position.

“He’s going to die,” Thor says, his voice slightly rough.

[00:02:00 to 00:02:34]

Anton gives another cough, apologizing before his eyes close. Ivan looks distraught, there are tears in his eyes. He cradles his father’s head for a moment, before taking a swig from a bottle of Vodka.

“Bad move,” Steve says.

Tony shakes his head, “Alcohol isn’t the answer, but it helps you forget the grief. It isn’t the best, and you shouldn’t do it, but sometimes you can’t help it.”

Steve frowns in disapproval.

Tony says, “I’m not going to explain myself to you. My parents died in a car crash when I was teen. I couldn’t cope.”

Steve looked down ashamed at the mention of the car crash, as Tony continues, “I almost drank myself to death, Peggy was the one who stopped me.”

Steve finally asks, “How did you know Peggy?”

Tony is silent for a moment before answering, “She was my godmother.”

Steve, and the others who knew her, are shocked, “Why-why didn’t you- “

Tony interrupts, knowing what Steve is going to ask, “I don’t want to talk about her.” He turns away showing the conversation is over, leaving the rest of them with questions, but the subject is clearly dropped.

[00:02:35 to 00:02:57]

Ivan yells out in grief, the scene cuts to him rolling out blueprints of the arc reactor bearing the names Anton Vanko, and Howard Stark.

“Hold up, hold up. I thought the Arc Reactor was only created by you.” Sam asks, confused.

Tony explains, “No, the original Arc Reactor was designed by Howard, but he didn’t have the tech to advance it further, so he saved everything for me. Anton Vanko and Howard created it together, they were good friends, but they found out that Vanko was selling weapons to Russia, so he was removed. Howard did give him his credit as due, but over time Anton Vanko was erased from people’s minds.”

James then asks, “Let me guess, now his son will take revenge on you?”

Tony bitterly says, “Yeah, my father’s past was coming to haunt me. Nothing new in that.”

Nobody knew how to react. Steve especially kept quiet, though he wanted to say something, he knew it wouldn’t be appreciated by anyone right now.

[00:02:58 to 00:03:24]

Vanko works wearing thick goggles, and sparks fly around him. The camera pans to reveal a wall covered with articles of Tony’s life starting from his years at MIT to the announcement of Iron Man.

“That’s creepy.” Bruce remarks.

Vision adds, “Ivan Vanko w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Everyone Needs A Hug
Steve is still an ass
But he's getting better baby step by baby step
It's gonna take long tho
Clint is no good either
Sam Wilson is now a good bro
James "Bucky" Barnes is now a good bro
Wanda Maximoff is good now
She understands Tony
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Uncle Nick Fury
Tho he is still manipulative

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson

