Work Text:
“Bucky,” a voice says, and the asset’s spine prickles all the way up like there are needles in it, small and strange and blossoming out sharp. “You know me,” he says mechanically. “‘Course I know you,” the voice answers warily. The asset turns towards it, because it is the voice and what else can he do? He’s not the asset. Not really. It’s so much easier to be the asset. “Bucky,” the voice says again, and a hand touches the asset’s face. The asset goes with it, lets it tilt his head down for inspection, and Steve Rogers stares up at him, fragile and skinny as hell and twenty years old if he’s a day. The asset would’ve estimated younger, but there’s a scar on his jaw that he didn’t get until the tail end of nineteen and he lost that jacket the spring before twenty-one; twenty’s the safest bet, statistically. “I thought you were bigger,” the asset says, head half-lolling on his neck and tone entirely humorless. “I think I’m gonna have to hurt some people,” Steve Rogers says, voice tight with rage. The asset assumes that will be him, then laughs at himself for the thought. He’s not people. Steve Rogers grips the asset’s arm and pulls, and the asset follows. The asset would follow Steve Rogers barefoot over barbed wire, guiltless over the bodies of the fallen, across the slopes of Hell on broken legs; following him at arm’s length is nothing. “You know me,” he says. “I know you.” “No shit. Keep walkin’,” Steve Rogers orders, and the asset smiles beatifically and obeys his orders. He was right. It is so much easier. Steve Rogers pulls him off the street and takes him to a tenement apartment that the asset does not remember and could find his way around blind. Steve Rogers fills the bath and makes him strip out of his clothes, and only stares a little at the armor underneath them. Then he makes him strip out of that, too, and doesn’t stare at the arm at all. “Get in the bath,” he says with his eyes on the floor, tight-shouldered and white-lipped. The asset does. Steve Rogers runs it lukewarm and pours hot water from the stove over his head and it is almost, almost like being warm. And if he cried with his face all wet like this it wouldn’t show--not that it matters, obviously, because the asset doesn’t cry, that is weakness and mission-compromising and a concept completely foreign to him. But if he did. Steve Rogers pours water over the asset’s head again and he bursts into tears. “Bucky, hey, Buck, I’m here, it’s me, it’s okay,” Steve Rogers says roughly, leaning against the side of the tub and grabbing him in close. The asset buries his face in hard against that skinny, concave stomach, soaks through the white shirt and the undershirt underneath it and fists his human hand hard in the back of them. “It’s all right, Barnes, I got you. I ain’t going nowhere, you’re fine. I got you.” “I’m so sorry,” the asset chokes, and Steve Rogers just tightens his grip on him, his bony fingers all bunched up in the asset’s hair and digging in between his mismatched shoulder blades. “Bucky,” he says again, and the asset sobs harder. And harder. Until it hurts. Steve Rogers lets him cry until he can’t anymore, until he’s close to numb with it, and then scrubs him down with a harsh soap and rough cloth and the gentlest hands the asset has ever felt, although really they are not gentle at all. Not gentle--but not trying to hurt him, either. He finds it in him to cry a little more, and Steve Rogers puts a hand under his chin and tips his head back with a straight razor in his hand. The asset waits for his throat to be slit, and Steve Rogers does not slit the asset’s throat. He drags the razor over the thin skin in neat, even lines and only nicks him twice. It is the best and worst feeling in the world and so much more than the asset was prepared to handle. Has ever been prepared to handle. Steve Rogers washes off the soap and lather and touches his raw and naked face and it is terrible and dangerous and everything the asset has ever wanted, everything the asset would sooner eat a bullet than ever experience again. “Bucky,” Steve Rogers says, quiet and even. “Tell me who did it.” Never, the asset thinks, looking up at a man he knows would smash himself to pieces trying to make right things that never can be. That never could’ve been. It might be the only direct order he’s ever ignored, except for how it’s only one of a thousand, ten thousand, ten times ten thousand. It feels good, and it hurts, and it makes something inside him feel like broken glass, but also maybe like it should be broken. “Don’t ask me,” the asset says, and Steve Rogers's face twists up. “You--” “Don’t ask me,” the asset says, and doesn’t know what his face looks like but knows what it makes Steve Rogers's face look like in return. “Yeah. Okay,” Steve Rogers says, still holding the wet razor and wearing an expression like he wants to stick it in somebody, even though there are much more efficient ways to kill somebody with a razor. The asset thinks it’l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Bucky Barnes
Cognitive Dissonance
Internalized Dehumanization
Time Travel
Pre-CATFA
post-CATWS
Ambiguous Set-Up
shrinkyclinks
Dubious Consent Due To Identity Issues
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
but the Winter Soldier kind of is

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

