Work Text:
Tony Stark had the strangest eyes Steve had ever seen, and he'd fought vampires, so that was saying something.Not that they were unpleasant, not at all. They were just such an unusual color -- Iron Man's were blue of course, lit from inside, but Tony's were anywhere from bright gold, in the right light, to deep burnished copper. Nobody had eyes like Tony, not even Hawkeye.For a while, Steve wondered if Tony had done something to himself -- he was such a tinkerer, it wasn't out of the question -- but it became evident soon enough that it was just a part of him."It's a rare genetic mutation," Tony said one day, over lunch. Steve had been absently pushing his appetizer around on his plate, trying to put his finger on just why Tony's eyes were so peculiar, and he startled."What is?" he asked, semi-guiltily.Tony gestured to his face. "You stare. It's easier to explain than to wait for people to ask.""Oh, I -- I didn't -- I mean -- ""It's fine, I'm used to it.""I wouldn't ask, though, that's rude," Steve said. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to stare.""Like I said, it's fine," Tony said, with a twitch of his lips. "It's from my mother's side. Not exactly as useful as telepathy or laser eyes or any of those neat X-Men mutations, but then again, less likely to get me attacked by an angry mob of bigots.""Is it actually an X-gene mutation?" Steve asked. Tony shrugged."I've never been tested. If it is, it probably explains a few things, but it hardly matters at this point.""What would it explain?"Tony pointed to his temple with his chopsticks. "You know my old man wasn't dumb, you met him, but -- ""You're miles out ahead of him.""Not to brag, but yes. Could be my intellect is an X-gene mutation. I prefer to think my mother's side just enjoyed having a unique look. She was always very fashionable." Tony lifted a takoyaki ball to his mouth, chewed, and grinned again. "Do you like them?""I've never seen anything like them.""Huh, figures I fish for a compliment and Cap shuts me down," Tony said, offering him the last takoyaki. Steve took it, nibbling on the crust."No, I do like them, but...that seems like the wrong word," Steve said. "They're like the rest of you.""Dashing and witty?"Steve smiled. "Unique.""Well, that's more like it," Tony said. His eyes themselves darkened, from polished gold to a richer, deeper patina. "You're staring again.""Art's like that," Steve said. Tony cocked his head. "A painting's always better when you know the source."Tony flushed a little, but Steve put it down to the heat of the ramen the waiter had put in front of him.Steve didn't think much about it, at least, not about their conversation, after that. He thought about Tony's eyes as much as he ever did -- maybe a little more, sometimes. Like after a battle when he was checking Tony subtly for injuries, or when everyone was assembled for something more fun than battle, like a movie night.Tony was arrogant and funny, irritably intolerant of magic despite knowing several magical beings, a little too capable of finding and poking tender places, fiercely defensive of his friends, painfully generous, obsessed with the future, and a workaholic. He had remarkably poor social skills at times, and the longer Steve spent with the Avengers, the more he had to struggle to act exactly the same towards him as the way he did to everyone else. It was hard not to show favoritism, not to back Tony in arguments or try to protect him more than the others in combat.Sometimes he had dreams about Tony's eyes, dark as antique copper, fixed on his."You should talk to him, you know," Jan said to him one day, tiny and hovering over him like an angel (maybe a devil) on his shoulder. Steve startled and slammed his sketchbook shut; he'd been trying to mix colored pencils to get the exact shade of Tony's eyes in bright sunlight."About what?" he asked, as she landed on the table and perched on the edge of his pencil cup."You know what," she said with an impish smile. "Your crush on Tony.""I don't know what you're talking about.""You love his eyyyyyes," Jan crooned, laughing. "They're unique, that's all," he said weakly."Steve. Captain America shouldn't lie, especially to himself.""I'm not lying to myself," he said, flipping the book open to a new page, picking up the black pencil and beginning to sketch her. She leaned over, preened, and then went back to posing for him."Tony likes you. And you know he's bisexual, right?" she asked. Steve nearly snapped his pencil."No, I didn't," he said, concentrating on the sketch. "And even I know it's wrong of you to out people like that.""He's out. I mean, he doesn't talk about it much, but he came out years ago. Press conference and everything. Way before Iron Man, even.""Oh," Steve said. "He likes you a lot, Steve.""We're friends, Jan. And it's better for the team if it stays that way."She sniffed. "I don't agree, but I promise to drop it if you draw me looking especially pretty.""I always draw you looking especially pretty," 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pining
Eyes

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

