Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The sound of fingers madly pecking at corporate-issued keyboards filled the lab. Darcy and Jane had been locked in a data-entry battle for the past two hours – at least in Darcy’s mind. She wasn’t really sure if beating her own words per minute record had a subliminal effect on Jane’s, but the thought of poking her boss like that made for a small bit of entertainment. The prospect of reaching the end of the day’s workload and going home early was also a heck of a perk.Darcy stopped to shake and massage out a hand cramp. The sudden loss of half the busy noise echoing off all the shiny surfaces was a weird change. God, maybe she’d had too much coffee. Sensitivity to noise was a side effect right?“Darce, can you—”“Coffee?” she interrupted, and was already out of her seat. “Definitely.”Jane spared a glance from her screen, her mouth quirked but her eyes distracted. “Actually, I need you to check in on the Analytics people and see what the hold up on that report is.”Darcy’s enthusiasm self-destructed. “Not to be a dick and all, but isn’t that what email is for?”Jane stuck the remnants of that morning’s cherry Poptart into her mouth and responded around it.“You know Loki never checks his email. Or his phone.”“Oh, he definitely does. He just ignores everything.” Darcy scowled and rifled through her purse for her cell phone and mini pocket taser. The first was for calling help, and the second was for the obvious. Loki hadn’t tried anything in the past six months, but who knew when that would change.“Need anything else while I’m running around?”“Coffee!”Darcy grinned. “Well, yeah. Because I am the best underling in the world, I already knew that. Of course if you really loved me, you wouldn’t throw me at the big green crazy guy. Err, the other big green crazy guy. I actually like the first one.”Jane smiled at her screen and lifted her chin in her favorite intern’s direction. “Thank you!”Armed with her gadgets, Darcy made her way through the maze that was Level 6, as Stark so affectionately called their floor, and up to Level 8. She wasn’t certain she would make a bet out of it, but she was pretty sure Stark was on something awesome when he designed the research labs of the new and “improved” Stark Tower. Learning the layout of the place took about three months. She hadn’t discovered the women’s bathroom until six weeks in. Even now she commandeered the men’s room rather than hike all the way to the other end of the floor.Level 8 had windows which was the only good thing about running these special types of errands to the Analytics lab – or as Darcy liked to call it, “The Department of I Have No Idea What I’m Doing So Let’s Poke Things With Sticks.” Personally, she thought this particular departmental assignment a hell of a light punishment for He Who Remains A Douchebag, but that was none of her business.Darcy pushed the glass door to the Analytics lab open with her hip and arm. The Douchebag in question was leaning over something mechanical and complicated looking. From the look of intense annoyance creasing his pale face, Darcy guessed the puzzle of the day was winning. Good.And yet she did not approach the worktable. Playing doorstop was a much better occupation as science was never worth her life.“Jane needs that report you were supposed to send her like an hour ago.”Loki frowned at the puzzle and didn’t visually acknowledge her. “I am quite busy enough without doing Dr. Foster’s work as well.”Oh, here we go, Darcy thought and suppressed a sigh.“Bullcrap. You probably had it done yesterday. Just hand it to me and I’ll be out of your hair. Better yet, just tell me where you put it, and I’ll get it myself.”The corner of his mouth ticked up and Darcy already wanted to punch him.“Say please.”“No friggin’ way.”Loki straightened and regarded her with a full on smirk. “Come now, Darlene, are there no manners to spare?”“Darcy,” she bit out. “My name is Darcy, which you totally know.”He waved the indiscretion away like an annoying gnat.Darcy simply stared at him. He stared back with that little self-satisfied smirk. While she entertained herself with typing games and coffee runs, Loki found her as an abundant source of fun when tortured with petty power games. She pushed her slipping glasses back up with her middle finger.“Uhh, am I interrupting something?”“Dr. Banner!” Darcy turned on her Kiss Ass Smile mixed with a little Fucking Frustrated on him, making the careful man eye her with caution. “I didn't know you were back. How was Sydney?”Bruce shifted his weight to his other foot and grabbed a long pointy tool to fiddle with. “Hot. Did Dr. Foster need something?”“Yeah, I was just discussing with frosty the snow giant here how much she needs that report he was supposed to give her forever ago.”“Oh, I just finished adding my notes and sent it over.” Bruce poked the alien puzzle thing with the pointy tool.Darcy narrowed her eyes at him. The return of Loki's grin was not helping the twitch in her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Darcy Has Had Enough Of Your Shit
Loki Does What He Wants
BAMF Loki
Girls with Guns
Stark Tower
Coffee Addict Tony Stark
Darcy Feels
Kitchen Sex
Hate Sex

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

