Work Text:
Tony lands on the pad outside the penthouse when Steve’s just finishing with the shower, and Steve wanders out to greet him without even a towel -- not quite out onto the landing pad itself, which is freezing, but through the living room and up to the door.
His lack of body modesty startled Tony when they first began sleeping together -- actually before, when Steve would walk around the gym locker room naked -- but he supposes if he’d gone through what Steve had gone through to get what Steve's got, he’d show off too. Besides, nobody else can see, this high up, except Tony, for whose benefit Steve is always obligingly willing to be naked. 
The removal units don't work well with the latest model of suit, so Tony is distinctly not naked. Lately, getting out of the suit has required five to ten minutes and a torque wrench. Still, Steve is clean and undamaged, and the new suit's first trial by fire went well, so all in all, a good day. Combat was light, just a little spatial distortion and a few land-walking sharks from another dimension, nothing the Avengers couldn't handle blindfolded (Clint will be making "candygram" jokes until the end of time). Tony stuck around after to do PR and give the others a chance to escape.
Coming home to wet, naked Steve doesn't hurt. 
He pops his facemask and says, "Miss me?" as Steve leans up against the cold outer surface of the armor and kisses him. In the armor, he’s actually an inch taller than Steve. Steve seems to like that sometimes. 
"The others are having dinner on the communal floor," Steve says. 
"Good, then they won't bug us," Tony replies. Steve leans more weight against the suit, nothing it can't handle, and kisses him again. Steve's usually either so exhausted after a battle he can barely stand, or he wants enough sex to wear them both out; apparently today it's the latter. Tony pins his head in place with a gauntleted hand, kissing deep, and then playfully holding him there when he leans back. Steve tugs a little against the hand holding his head, then stops, eyes darkening.
"Do you suppose you could pin me, with the suit?" he asks, and really, Tony had been expecting a conversation about restraints, but not in a bedroom setting, nor so soon. Not that they're in the bedroom yet, but metaphorically speaking. 
"Wanna find out?" Tony asks, matching his grin. Steve presses back, away from him, body arching, and Tony's servos whirr and compress. The whole Iron Man suit shifts a little, but the arm doesn't move. "Might be a close thing. Have to rethink some of my math."
"Not right now," Steve says, pushing back into the armor, mouthing along Tony's neckplates. He doesn't have sensation in the armor, but he can feel pressure, and just knowing Steve is sucking a hickey onto his armor right now --  
"Yeah, no, so many more fun things to be doing than math," Tony agrees fervently. "Grab the wrench, let's -- " 
"But...you could push me around like this," Steve points out. It's getting a little uncomfortable not being naked, in the codplate anyway, but Tony cocks his head, curious. Steve is practically rubbing up on the armor, and Tony knew he liked it -- the armor is wonderful, everyone likes it -- but this is...different. 
He does love an experiment, so he puts one hand on Steve's chest and shoves, gently. Steve staggers back and Tony catches him by the back of his neck with his other hand, holding him in place, like a kitten caught by the scruff. Steve's eyes are deep, deep blue. 
It is rare that anyone pushes Steve around anymore, and certainly never someone he knows very well or likes at all. Maybe he wants to give up a little command, or in some way he misses being the little guy. Either way, Tony has absolutely no problem with dominance, and the idea of pinning Steve down has its appeal. 
He draws Steve in close until their foreheads are touching, and murmurs, "If you say stop, we stop, no questions, no recrimination."
Steve nods, then when Tony tightens his hand on the back of his neck, says, "I understand. If I say stop, we stop."
"Good boy."
"You too," Steve says carefully, and Tony's heart skips for a second -- Steve's not calling him good, Steve's saying Tony can stop this too, and as much as Tony has enjoyed almost all of the copious sex in his life, very rarely do people give him that permission so explicitly. 
"Okay," he agrees, and then guides Steve back a few inches and presses down on the top of his shoulder. Steve resists, straining a little, so Tony lifts his other hand and presses on both shoulders, and Steve drops to his knees. Tony moves one hand to his hair, which is an effective way of controlling Steve much of the time anyway, and Steve fights against it a little to lean forward, face pressed to the codplate. Tony can feel him breathing heavily against the armor for a few seconds. 
Subvocally, Tony says, JARVIS, disable all weapons systems in the armor, override code T-Alpha-3577-markham.
Steve doesn't have to know, but Tony does. 
Steve 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Light Bondage
Clothed Sex
Armor Kink
Orgasm Delay/Denial
(only delay I promise)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

