Chapter 1: Frank And a Passage to Midgard
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Loki froze. He didn’t know where he was, though he did have a vague idea how he got there.He’d been out adventuring with Thor and his friends. They weren’t supposed to leave the gardens without asking a guard to come with them, but they had gone anyways. Loki had always been really good at sneaking around the guards when he and Thor wanted to do something they weren’t supposed to. Sometimes they got caught, but that’s only because Thor was always too loud.They had run off from the gardens, through the city and straight to the forest. Mother said they shouldn’t go in there by themselves because of the bilgesnipe.“Thor, the Allmother said not to.” Sif said, crossing her arms indignantly, her blonde hair shoulder length and well groomed. Loki stayed sitting on one of the benches with a baby snake he’d found. It seemed to like him, slithering over his hand and through his fingers. He was currently trying to make it invisible.“But Loki is with us! He could find a way around anything! Right Loki?” Thor encouraged.He looked up from his now invisible pet, shocked that Thor had asked him anything in the presence of his friends. Usually he was only there because his mother told him he should stay by Thor to protect him. “I—““Thor! Sif!” shouted three boys, hurdling towards their corner in the gardens, clutching two bags.Loki quieted again, turning the snake visible. Its slim pink tongue liked his thumb almost in comfort. Thor laughed, taking the bags. “What have we got Fandrall?”The shorter boy with wispy blonde hair smiled. “Some food for our journey, though Volstagg has eaten most of it, some ropes, and two spare blades.”“Excellent.” He said, a grin spreading over his face. His gaze shifted to the third boy, the shorter one with dark hair. “But who is this?”Fandral’s excitement seemed to heighten. “This is Hogun. His parents are the Vanir nobles. I saw him training out on the fields. He’s really good and I figured he might want to come along.”Thor began to approach the new Vanir boy when Sif protested. “We can’t just bring along everybody! First Loki, now this child!”“Sif, if you don’t want to go then stay at the palace and be a lady.” Thor said the word like it was a grave insult.“Take it back!” she yelled, balling her small fists.“Sif is a lady! Sif is a lady!” Thor sang, running in circles as his friend chased him. Loki smiled a little, offering his snake a small ant that had been crawling on his seat. The little creature accepted it, opening his toothless mouth for the bug.Eventually, Volstagg came between the two, pulling them apart. “Enough! Are we going or not?”Thor brushed himself off, turning to Sif. “Of course we are! We’re going to kill a bligesnipe and bring it back to my father.” He pronounced proudly, his smile lighting up the gardens. Loki sometimes thought that Thor could be a little conceded sometimes, but he had reason to be. He was so strong even for a child. Often he wondered why his mother said he should accompany Thor to protect him. His older brother was much better at fighting.“Loki, can you help us get around the guards?” Thor asked, taking one of the swords from the bag and strapping it on his waist like father had shown them.He stood, setting the little snake down. “I can. But—““Fantastic!” he turned to the Vanir boy. “You, Hogun, how well can you fight?”The quiet boy responded by pulling out a smallish mace, twisting it expertly in hand. “Well enough.”Loki could tell Thor was starting to get ahead of himself. “What do we do, Loki?”Fiddling with his fingers, Loki reviewed his options. Most of them meant he had to use illusions he had not quite mastered. But if he could make them, perhaps Thor and all his friends would be happy to have him go. Maybe Sif would tell him that he was a worthy warrior if he helped Thor.The thoughts made his heart beat excitedly. “We will sneak through the gardens to the front gate, then I will create an illusion to distract the guards. Once they’re distracted, we can sneak by.”Thor nodded in approval but Fandral scoffed. “Could you not simply transport us to the other side of the gate?”Loki swallowed hard. Was he to disappoint them again? He could hardly move himself from his bed magically without losing consciousness. To move all of them…. “I do not have enough magic.”“What do you mean?”Sif sneered, coming out of her pout. “Fandral, you are dull. Even really good sorcerers can’t move many people great distances without trouble. “Loki’s heart swelled with gratitude. Sif was standing up for him. She must like him more than Fandral.“Does that mean you’re coming, Sif?” Thor asked, a hand on his sword.She sighed, looking from Loki to Hogun. “Fine. I’ll come. But if anyone asks, I only went to keep you from getting killed by a beast.” She drew her own sword. “Let’s go.”Thor lead the way with Loki in his wake with the small snake slit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis & Loki
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
Eventual Romance
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Loki Friendship
Jörmungandr thinks he's a dog
Fenrir thinks he's a snake
Loki Needs a Hug
Breaking all the rules
kid!loki
kid!Darcy Lewis
Odin's A+ Parenting
sponsored by F forFluffy

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis & Loki
Darcy Lewis/Loki

