Chapter 1: The Arrest
    




Chapter Text
It had happened so suddenly.They’d just been relaxing in the common room, talking about how they were going to get the others to listen in the upcoming meeting.And then that woman who was always glaring at her was suddenly bursting through the door, striding into the room like she owned it. Steve got up to get in her way, protecting them like he always did. He demanded to know what she was doing and she yelled something back.While they were distracted with the woman, Stark darted into the room, ignoring all of them. Wanda turned her head in time to see him disappear down a hallway past Bucky.That was towards their rooms…A crash dragged her attention back to the scene in front of her and she was shocked to see that the woman had punched Steve hard enough to send him crashing into the coffee table.“And stay down you bastard!” she snarled. “The rest of you stay where you are or you won’t like what happens.”It took a lot of effort to keep her magic under control but Wanda managed it. They hadn’t done anything and this woman and Stark had attacked them and intruded on their privacy.Everyone would see how dangerous he was now. They would see that she was right.That confidence wavered when Stark reappeared with an ill-looking Clint.What was going on?“What did you do Stark?” Natasha demanded and now Wanda felt her magic warming her hands. Stark had hurt Clint! Clint was hers! How dare he!?Before she could do anything though, he spoke.“Take her down Jess. Stephen’s on his way.”Wanda didn’t even get a moment to figure out what he meant. That crazy woman was on her in seconds. Her magic seemed to practically bounce off her mind, only enraging her further. Her telekinetic attacks did nothing as the woman simply walked through it like it was a strong breeze.Then she was on top of Wanda, holding her down.“Let go!”Her magic lashed out in her panic. She heard the others shouting. They’d save her! Steve had protected her from Stark before.“What are you doing?!”“What we should have from the start you mind-raping bitch,” the woman snarled.No matter how much she struggled, the woman held Wanda down like it was nothing, her magic never managing to get a hold of her.She didn’t even do anything!“Hold her still Jessica,” Loki’s voice caught her attention.“Gladly,” she tightened her hold on Wanda making the younger girl wail. “You sure I can’t just knock her out?”“I believe that would be considered excessive force,” he sounded amused.“I’d take the disciplinary. It would be worth it.”“Perhaps. But Anthony would be quite distressed if you were to get in trouble.”Wanda became aware of a pressure on her magic that was filling the room. What was that?Jessica sighed. “Damn.”The pressure pushed inwards, starting to force Wanda’s magic back to her body. What was happening?Wanda dragged panicked breaths into her lungs. She felt helpless. She wasn’t supposed to be helpless again! She had her magic!She tried to push back but the force didn’t budge, closing in on her gradually.“What are you doing?!” she demanded again.“Binding your magic,” Loki answered airily, like he was talking about the weather. “We can’t have you lashing out in court now can we?”Wanda’s blood turned to ice as she realised it was Loki’s magic surrounding her, forcing her magic back into her and sealing it there.“No!”“You’re finally getting what you deserve,” Jessica spat darkly.“I didn’t do anything!”“We’ll see if that’s true after the little hawk has been scanned for your mental manipulation,” Loki said almost pleasantly.It felt like Wanda was choking as her magic was locked up in her body without a way out. But her breathing stuttered even further at his words.No.It was impossible that they knew.She was careful.Just a little… a little tweak and nudge here and there. To keep Clint safe. That was all.They couldn’t know.“You make me sick,” Jessica snarled, jerking Wanda upright so she could see the room again.Stark and Clint were gone. Bucky had plastered himself against the furthest wall and was staring at her in horror. He’d always been scared of her… Why didn’t he like her? She hadn’t had a chance to fix that. He'd always been busy in Wakanda and here her magic was monitored.The others were scattered around in various states of shock. A short man stood in front of Steve, one hand firmly pushing at his chest. That Daredevil guy was standing menacingly in front of Natasha.“Steve!” Wanda cried out as Jessica started to pull her away towards the door. “Steve! Help me!”His expression set in determination and she felt her hopes rise. He’d save her!Those hopes were shattered when the man in front of Steve caught his punch like it was nothing and threw his own. The punch knocked Steve flat on his back and he didn’t get back up.Natasha’s eyes widened in shock while Sam and Scott cried out in alarm.“Let’s go little witch,” Jessica sneered. “Your cell is waiting.”“What are you doing?” Natasha demanded, standing still so that they didn’t ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

