Work Text:
Aberrant. Corrupt. Deviant. 
There were many words to describe the thoughts and desires that took up residence in the depths of Tony’s psyche. The actions he took in response to those things could be described differently. 
Depraved. Immoral. Wicked.
The sound of shallow breaths filled his senses, the small arms winding around his neck a balm to his soul.
His child.
Placing the boy down and fastening the straps was a form of catharsis. He always looked so sweet when he was bound. 
“Daddy?” 
The little voice was sweet, high, unsure.
Trailing a finger down his rounded cheek, he smiled at his son.
“Yes, sweet darling?”
He hiccuped softly, heart thrumming fast now. 
“You will stay?”
Tony’s heart clenched within his chest. Yes, he had one.
“Until the end of time, you know that, baby. I will never leave you.”
The words were a promise and his tone was dark, deep, layered with meaning the boy would not understand for some time.
His words set the boy at ease and he smiled softly, breathing slowing. Tilting his face up into his father’s hand for more of that gentle affection which Tony gave readily, easily, constantly.
Tony would do anything for his son. 
Kneeling down Tony took his boy's face in his large hands, leaning in to brush his lips over his nose, his cheeks and finally, his lips. If you looked beyond the leather harness and straps it would appear to be a sweet show of love between father and son.
It was the boy, not the man, who slipped a small pink tongue out to lick at his father’s lips. Whining, straining, attempting to have more, more, more.
Tony groaned. It was always like this. His child was, at heart, greedy, and the man would never refuse him. Not even when the child’s desires were for him, his very father.
“Peter.”
A prayer of devotion and a promise all wrapped into one.
It mattered not that this was a vile sin, a great wickedness that would damn them both, but especially Tony. He may care if death were something that could claim him. As it was, it could not and there was no reason to not live out every darkness that swirled inside.
“My perfect boy, made perfectly from my body, how could you be anything other than mine.”
Peter preened, deeply pleased.
“Forever yours, Daddy,” he whispered, eyes reverent, adoring. And he wasn’t even drugged.
Leaning in once more, Tony tangled his tongue with his son’s for a last kiss, pulling away after a moment, the pair of them dark-eyed with desire.
“I have a treat for you, sweetheart,” the man murmured, caressing a hand down the lithe pubescent body. Peter perked up as a shiver ran down his spine. 
Though the boy was twelve he was still so small, puberty only having caused his dick to wake up. No body hair, no voice change, no growth spurt. It was as though Peter was still a child and Tony thanked his luck at the gift of his son.
He was flawless.
Clicking his tongue twice, nails on the marble floor could be heard followed by a soft chuffing.
“Bi Bi!” Peter sang. Tony smiled. Leave it to the boy to find a cute nickname for their dog. He simply called her Bitch.
“Feeling better, Bi?” Peter inquired as the dog came forward and nuzzled at Peter’s stomach before rearing back on her hind legs to settle her paws on his shoulders to lick at his neck and jaw.
Peter having been placed on his knees made this easier and he laughed as his childhood pet gave him affection.
A moment passed and he looked up. 
“What’s my treat, Daddy?”
“Her,” Tony said simply as he corralled her, shifting her back down to all fours while lowering Peter’s boxers.
Peter froze. 
“Bitch, lick,” he said quietly, the well-trained canine chuffing softly before lowering her head to lap eagerly at the tiny length and small pair of balls. Her tail rose high and Tony noted the wet, swollen, pink hole that was revealed. Needy. In heat.
“D-dadd-,” Peter began, choking on a moan. “Daddy?”
Tony bit his plush bottom lip for a moment as he felt his dick twitch at the sight.
“Yeah, baby?”
“She, why? What?”
Tony had considered how to explain and no matter how he worded it Peter would see through the carefully crafted words. So he decided to go with the truth. They kept no secrets.
“You are growing up. Better to have your first time with someone you know would never hurt you. I would allow you to fuck me but then I wouldn’t be able to see, now would I, love?”
It was a delicate art, the manipulation of this child. He raised a smart, deep-thinking boy and he knew he needed to be careful and respect that of his son.
“Daddy, please no. She’s a dog, she’s not a human,” Peter whimpered, fat tears already pooling in his eyes. “And she’s my friend, she trusts me, I can’t do this, Daddy.”
Tony tilted his head.
“And what did humans ever do for us, hmm, Pete?”
That stopped Peter in his tracks.
Long moments passed. The boy nodded to show he understood.
“Very good, baby boy, good. Let it happen, give her what she needs, hmm? You asked how she was feeling? Well, would you like to see?”
A scientist at heart, the pair of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Tony
Omega Peter Parker
Omega Peter
Bestiality
Dom/sub
Dom Tony Stark
Sub Peter Parker
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
Knotting
References to Knotting
Size Difference
Size Kink
Innocent Peter Parker
Corruption
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Emotional Manipulation
Manipulation
First Time Topping
Scenting
Bondage
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Precious Peter Parker
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Don't Like Don't Read
read the tags
Crying
Kinky
Underage Sex
Extremely Underage

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

