Work Text:
Steve likes Tony. He really likes Tony. He likes being with Tony. He likes spending his free time with Tony. He doesn't like it when Tony spends time with other people, and if they're not people he approves of, he'll cut them out -- he's good at that, does it with such grace that people go away feeling like something nice has happened to them; hey, Captain America noticed them specifically! Captain America has something special he needs done that only they can do!
Meanwhile, Steve gets to spend a lot more time with Tony. Because Steve likes Tony.
Steve likes it when Tony does engineering, because that's a worthwhile use of time. He invents amazing things like the armor and the arc reactor and an entire new element, plus once he fiddled with Steve's alarm clock so that no matter what Steve did to it, it was better balanced on its feet than face down. It's also very interesting to watch, with the ghostly documents flying through the air and the things that Steve can only guess at the purpose of.
Steve likes it when Tony is Iron Man, too, because he's a better fighter than you'd think, and can take off and land in the middle of a crowded parking lot without the slightest damage to any of the cars, and that corny one-knee-down landing position makes Steve smile every time.
He likes it when Tony takes him flying, which is too amazing for words.
He likes it, though he shouldn't, when Tony teases Fury. He'd feel worse about liking that if he didn't suspect that under the gruff exterior Fury might be kind of amused by it, too.
He doesn't mind when Tony teases the rest of the team, because all of them have their own ways of dealing with it, and if Natasha sometimes tosses something that grazes a line down Tony's cheek by way of warning, well, how can anyone expect him to learn if they don't let him make mistakes and bear the consequences?
He only grudgingly accepts Tony's public persona, and he doesn't like it when Tony drinks, and he really doesn't like it when Tony goes to those kinds of parties where people are doing drugs in the bathrooms and having sex in the coatrooms. When these things come up, he separates Tony from them as quickly as he can.
And it's not as if Tony really puts up much of a fight. If he really wanted to stay, he'd say so, and Steve would go away and not sulk. Because he doesn't sulk. And anyway, the prospect of your friend sulking is not a serious enough threat to make somebody abandon something unless they weren't enjoying it very much in the first place.
But what it all comes down to is that Steve likes Tony.
But sometimes this thing will happen that he can't quite make sense of. Like, say it's a Saturday afternoon, and he and Tony have sparred a little, and then he's watched Tony build a twice-life-sized lobster out of aluminum (because you never know when you might need something like that), and then they've played catch, and then they've washed one of Tony's cars and taken it out someplace for burgers, and in the elevator up from the parking level, Steve puts his hand on Tony's shoulder and squeezes and says, "This was a great day," and ...
See, this is when it gets confusing. Because Tony smiles back at him and says, "The greatest," and his eyelids go a little heavy, and he leans into Steve's hand on his shoulder and turns a little, raising his chin ...
And then Steve takes a big step backwards and gulps in a big breath and says, "All right! See ya!" and high-tails it up to the gym, because it was almost like Tony was going to kiss him, and it was almost like he was going to kiss Tony back, and one of them is very confused.
And the next day they steer clear of each other, and maybe the day after that, but soon enough there'll be a ransom note or something mysterious in the water system or just a night too nice not to have a cookout, and Steve wouldn't want to have a cookout without Tony, because Steve likes Tony.Steve tries not to think about sex too much. Young men of his generation still considered sublimation to be a positive goal, and Steve has had a lot of practice.
Besides, who's he going to think about?
He used to imagine making love to Peggy, undoing the tiny buttons of her wedding gown one by one. Peggy probably would want (probably would have wanted) to get married in her uniform, but she had a linen handkerchief with handmade lace around the edges, when he knew her, and he likes (liked) to think about giving her pretty things.
He doesn't think about that now, though, because it would be too sad to contemplate.
If he tries to make up a girl who isn't real, though, no matter how carefully he constructs her beforehand, she always turns into Peggy as soon as things get interesting.
He could think about girls -- women -- he actually knows. Pepper, Natasha, Jane. But it seems so disrespectful. It would be different if he were in love with one of them, or even had a special liking for one of them beyond appreciating their skills and their wits and thinking that all of the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
First Time
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

