Work Text:


-0-
Erik considered the possibility that he might have been a bit desperate. Two years spent in a mechanic shop saving up for college did not, actually, add up to the sort of money it took to live in New York, no matter how decent the scholarships were. His college loans - which were rapidly growing well out of his comfort zone - were stacking up and did little to allow him to eat anything but ramen, more ramen, and if he was particularly daring a cup o' noodles.It left him with little time or money to actually enjoy living in a big city. And so, with dreams of a part time job floating in his head, he ended up instead browsing the m4m section of craigslist. It was a bit of a cesspool, to be honest, but he also found an advertisement for some sort of 'sugar daddies' website.If he were being completely honest with himself, he'd admit that at least then he would know what he was getting into, maybe. He'd slapped up a profile with a decent picture, a three line bio - that included that he was an engineering major - and figured that he was unlikely to get much attention from some high status males looking to pamper some simpering waif, not an engineer who had the body of a mechanic.He was wrong, but apparently well over three-quarters of the attention revolved around the 'daddy' party wanting to tie him up and spank him. Not interested.Erik received exactly one message from a man who inquired after his studies, asked after his interest in the arts, music, and politics, and then asked his preferences when it came to bed. He answered honestly, and received a request from 'Charles' that they actually meet and decide if they could come to some sort of mutually beneficial arrangement.He definitely thought better of it, but with strict instructions that Emma was to call him at 9pm and then call the cops if he didn't answer, he headed over to an address on the upper east side, steeled and prepared to meet some sort of CEO-type who looked like his father and maybe had bad teeth or some sort of power kink because who else actually signed up for that sort of website, really.Instead, a young man in a cardigan answered the door. Maybe Charles' son... which was kinky, but maybe he could deal with that..."Oh, hello, Erik. Charles." He held out his hand and Erik shook it mechanically. "Please come in. Would you like some tea or coffee? Perhaps some lemonade?""Lemonade would be... fine."And that was how he ended up staring into a brownstone that looked like it could have been featured in some sort of 'awesome pads that you're too poor to afford' spread in some swanky magazine, and then sitting across from Charles, who couldn't have been twenty-five years old, drinking lemonade while the other man drank iced tea.It seemed he had absolutely no idea what he was getting into.

-1-
Erik watched Charles as he puttered around, slightly, before finally sitting, relaxed in his chair. He was... well he was hot, boyish, cute, his smile was nice, and Erik was desperately wondering what was wrong with him, because something had to be wrong with him."So," Charles said. "What do you hope to get from this relationship, Erik?"He considered the many ways that he could answer that, unfortunately most of them revolved around 'I think we go on dates and have sex and you pay enough of my bills that I can eat a chicken every once and a while, that would be great'."No." Charles said a moment later. "That's backwards, obviously you would hardly feel comfortable answering the question. For my own part, what I am interested in is an independent and intelligent man to attend a variety of evening social functions with me, proficiency with racquetball and tennis are a plus; I largely attend shareholder meetings, gallery and museum fundraisers, the occasional political banquet, and that sort of thing."Erik nodded, still unsure of how he was supposed to answer, still without a real cue of what the hell Charles was doing getting someone two steps up from an escort when he could just smile and say 'hey, let me buy you a drink' and, bam, done.Charles seemed to notice his awkward discomfort and pinpoint at least part of the cause. "I appreciate candor, humor, and even wry sarcasm, Erik. Feel free to say what is on your mind, as I am very rarely offended."He decided to go for broke. "There's some sort of 'and sex' in there, right?""I do very much enjoy sex, and sexual incompatibility would be a deal breaker." Charles didn't even look slightly abashed when he said it, either. "I prefer to top, enjoy bottoming from time to time, and would demand sexual exclusivity, no one on the side. I honestly don't have the time to put in to a relationship that most people seem to require and I am very busy with my work. My PA, Alex, will generally be responsible for reminding me of things like birthdays, holidays, that sort of thing, and I'm afraid you may find yourself wanting for affection."Erik blinked. His potential-future-sugar-daddy had a PA who kept after him 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Fluff
Angst
College
sugar daddy relationship
Pittsburgh
Columbia University
New York City
Romance
Charles is a Cuddle Slut

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

