Chapter 1: Voyeurism
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The humiliation kink began when Loki was six hundred and fifty, as far as Mobius can tell.He was only a junior enforcer when he came across it, working through his preliminary courses so he could apply for handler training one day.It was all the trickster’s fault, really. Mobius never had an untoward thought until he watched that tape. He’d been a normal student, listless and unsure; doing the usual things and working toward the usual goals purely because he didn’t have any better ideas.The class assignment had been simple. Choose a prominent figure and analyze their character. Examine what motivated them, demotivated them, and what their automated responses were to fight, flight, seizure.He’d chosen the prince because he saw the name in a textbook and he liked the way it felt on his tongue. Lo-ki. Lo-ki. Short and punchy like the name on a soda can.That night he reserved the chrono theater—after hours, because only handlers and detectives could use them during the day.The office had been dark except for the occasional orange glow of a desk lamp, the bullpens creepy in their uncharacteristic emptiness. He thought he’d be in and out in no time, but Loki kept him there all night.Mystery. That's what the prince meant to him in the beginning. A tangled knot of an individual who resisted definition.It was maddening, particularly because this was supposed to be an easy assignment and Mobius knew without a doubt that he'd have finished in twenty minutes if he'd just picked a normal subject. But he hadn't, he'd picked Loki, and from that moment he was hooked. He needed to understand this guy, to pick his wild brain apart and make it make sense.The mystery became an obsession, and before he knew it he was spending every night in the theaters reviewing every tape he could find. It was a lot. Jotnar lived a long time, and Asgardians weren't known for sitting still. The abridged version was eight hundred thousand logs long, and even that missed a lot of the highlights—his first confidence scheme, his first adventure outside of Asgard, that one time with the stuffed otter.It was during one of those late night sessions that he discovered it. Loki's dirty secret.The young god had been in school at the time, cloistered in a hot room with other noble sons. Golden daylight streamed through the archways and highlighted dust motes in the air while an older man lectured at a podium.Bored, sweaty, and sleepy, Loki had started to play with the dust motes, moving the air around and manipulating the particles to make silly pictures and rude words in the air. The other boys snorted behind their hands."Loki, stop that, pay attention," the teacher scolded, but Loki didn't listen. He made a caricature of the man in dust, and puppeted him through the air, his robes billowing and arms waving as he pranced around whacking the students with his illusory baton.Snorts turned to all out laughter in the boys, and Loki preened.Then it happened, the big moment. The first iteration of a repeating motif.Loki's teacher stomped through the aisles to stand tall and looming over the boy. He looked down his nose, the image of indignant authority, and put the baton under Loki's chin."You think the Dökkálfar Rebellion is funny, boy?"Young Loki froze, his mouth parting slightly."A—" he stuttered, "A little, yes." His eyes took on a peculiar intensity and his hands gripped the edge of the desk."Just because you are an Odinson, do not think you can get away with mocking me and disrupting my class. You all owe twenty more lines on today's assignment, thanks to your prince's foolishness.""But sir-" Loki started.The ire of the class turned on him, and the boy shrunk inward. The teacher's baton moved to press at his lower back."And sit up straight, Norns, it's as if you were raised in a barn."Mobius slowed the playback, leaning close to catch every detail.Young Loki's face flushed, and his eyes turned upward to gaze at the older man’s stern frown. His tongue wetted his lips, a nervous tick he'd later trained himself out of. His heart rate spiked, and his breathing turned uneven."S-Sorry, sir," he whispered, his lip twisting in a hard to read expression. To the passing observer it probably looked like shame, like the humiliation one might expect following a well-earned rebuke.With the benefit of hindsight Mobius knows it isn’t. Or rather, it isn’t just shame.Time returned to normal speed when Mobius clicked the button again, and the teacher continued lecturing. The other students went back to sleeping.Loki waited ten minutes with his back a perfect vertical and his fingertips white on the desk. Stiffly he raised his hand and asked to go to the privy. Once given permission he darted for the exit, and spent the next five and a half minutes masturbating furiously in a broom closet.Mobius watched with a hand on his face, and fought the flickers of intere
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius
Loki/Hunter B-15
Loki/Sylvie

freeform: 
Voyeurism
Sexual Fantasy
Masturbation
Exhibitionism
Nipple Clamps
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Humiliation
Dom Mobius
Sub Loki (Marvel)
Time Variance Authority (Marvel)
Variant Loki (Marvel)
Improper use of magic
Dom/sub
Mild Painplay
Developing Relationship
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Self-Esteem Issues
Kink Exploration
Warning: Loki (Marvel)
FrozenTime
Public Blow Jobs
Loki's Clones - Freeform
Group Sex
Drunk Sex
Undernegotiated Kink
Praise Kink
Light Bondage
Bisexual Loki (Marvel)
IS CANON BBY FUCK YEAH
Switch Loki (Marvel)
Spanking
Dubious Consent
Time Collars
Orgasm Control
Slow Motion Orgasms
Anal Fingering
Biting
Car Sex
Feelsy sex
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hopeful Ending
Enemies to Lovers

fandom: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius
Loki/Hunter B-15
Loki/Sylvie

