Work Text:
Logan didn’t much like Erik Lehnsherr when he first met him in a bar about a year ago.  Logan likes him a lot less after he dumps Logan’s tranquilized carcass on Charles Xavier’s doorstep like a dog presenting its owner with a stunned rabbit.  Logan’s not sure which annoys him more -- that he has Lehnsherr to thank for rescuing him from that hellpit of a lab, or that Charles spends a lot of time smiling softly at Logan, as though he were particularly touched to have three hundred pounds of adamantium and angry Canadian detoxing at an accelerated rate in his school for mutant kiddies.Logan has every intention of fucking right off as soon as he can walk without experiencing the worst vertigo of his life (that he can remember, at any rate).  But even though Charles puts on a good front, Logan thinks the wheelchair thing is pretty recent -- and Logan’s seen war and death and the aftermath, men trying to find their way as best they can, and he knows Charles Xavier has a ways to go, yet.  He finds himself trailing Charles around the mansion, wrinkling his nose in disapproval more and more.  “You have fuck all for security around here,” Logan grumbles at him.  “You can’t tell me Lehnsherr okayed this.”“No, I can’t,” Charles agrees easily enough.  “I imagine that’s rather why he brought you here.”  He looks entirely too pleased at that, like having his household defenses found wanting is something to smile fondly over.“For Christ’s sake,” Logan says, and stomps down to Hank’s lab to have a serious fucking discussion about perimeter alarms.***Logan hears a metric shit-ton of contradictory stories about what happened in Cuba, but everybody agrees on two points -- Charles’ injury was an accident, and Lehnsherr sat with him in a hospital for weeks afterward until they had some sort of blowup and Lehnsherr took off.“He’s an asshole,” Alex says vehemently when Logan asks why.  “Who just leaves somebody like that?”  Alex is a punk, but a punk with protective streak a mile long.“There was a lot of yelling,” Hank recounts later, leaning over some kind of engine prototype and carefully adjusting wiring.  “I think the Professor actually asked him to leave.”“I don’t think he wanted to go.  Not really,” is Sean’s opinion.  “He just has shit to do, you know?”Logan actually agrees with that last bit, and can maybe even muster a little bit of gratitude that on Lehnsherr’s list of shit to do, Exhibit A is “break mutants out of secret government facilities.”  But clearly, Exhibit B is “make up with Charles Xavier without actually saying I’m sorry for whatever may or may not have happened.”This is what Logan deduces, anyway, when Lehnsherr shows up on the doorstep again with a briefcase.  Logan lets him into the mansion, and Lehnsherr looks -- well, he doesn’t look certain of his welcome, but he does at least take that godawful helmet off indoors, which is just basic manners as far as Logan is concerned.And without Logan going to fetch him, Charles wheels down the hallway and comes to a stop, looking at Lehnsherr like he’s not entirely sure how he feels either, but he’s willing to let it ride.  “Erik,” he says.Lehnsherr looks at him for a long moment, and then seems to remember that he didn’t come empty-handed.  “This is for you,” he says, and presents Charles with the briefcase.“It’s -- very nice, thank you,” Charles says politely, looking a little baffled.“Charles,” Lehnsherr growls.  “Look inside.”Charles obediently flips the locks up and pulls out -- Jesus, a whole stack of blueprints.“What the hell is that?” Logan asks, curiosity getting the better of him.“I think it’s -- Erik, are these the blueprints for Cerebro?  Where did you get them?” Charles says, breathy like Lehnsherr had given him diamonds.Lehnsherr looks shifty and doesn’t answer.“Did you steal them?” Charles demands, but doesn’t quite succeed in sounding disapproving.  He sure as hell doesn’t smell like he disapproves.“They were yours in the first place,” Lehnsherr says shortly, making with the intense crazy-eyes.  “They had no right to take them from you.”Logan rolls his eyes, because -- way to be subtle, Lehnsherr.Not that Charles is doing any better, with the wide eyes and biting his lower lip and generally not looking like someone who might have told Erik Lehnsherr not to let the door hit him on the ass on the way out.“You’ll need -- materials, equipment, to rebuild it,” Lehnsherr says haltingly, after he and Charles spend an embarrassing amount of time just looking at each other.  Well, for all Logan knows, Charles is rattling around in Lehnsherr’s head, but somehow, he doubts it.  “I can bring them to you.”Logan seriously can’t take another second of this, and clears his throat to get their attention.  “Talk to McCoy, show him those.  I bet he’ll know what you need, and where you can get it.”Both Charles and Lehnsherr look a little startled, like they’ve completely forgotten he was there, which Logan would find offensive or just downright foolhardy if
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
POV Outsider
Alternate Universe - Canon
Logan's life is hard

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

