Chapter 1: may 29: tony's birthday
    




Chapter Text

Tony was woken up just like any other morning: with a kiss from his beloved. He smiled when he felt Steve’s lips on his cheek and he peeked his eyes open.

Usually, on this day every year, he woke up to a little more than a kiss, but he understood it was different now. Not that Tony minded that they had to worry about a kiddo running in and interrupting them at any moment. Tony would give up blow jobs for the rest of his life for his kids. 

"Good morning, my love," Steve whispered when he noticed he was awake. 

Tony smiled up at him lazily. "Good morning, sweetheart. He smelt like his shampoo and his hair was still damp, Tony noticed. "Already go for your run this morning?" 

"Yup. I've got breakfast too in the kitchen." Steve straightened up. "Boys are still asleep." 

Tony tried not to frown. He knew that today didn't 

have 

to be special, but usually, Steve brought breakfast in bed for him. 

Steve didn't seem to notice. "Want me to go wake 'em up?" 

"No," Tony said quickly. "Do you mind if I do it?" 

Steve smiled warmly. "Not at all. I'll get breakfast ready." 

He left the room without another word, leaving Tony feeling utterly lost. He grabbed his phone off of his bedside table and checked to see if maybe he had the date wrong.


May 29. 


It was his 33rd birthday, and for the first time in 26 years, Steve forgot. 
 
 
Tony snuck into Peter's room quietly, smiling at the bundle of blankets on his bed. He walked over to the window and opened the blinds so that the sunlight leaked in through the room. 

Peter stirred slightly but didn't wake. Tony loved watching him gain consciousness in the morning, as he went from sleepy to awake. 

Leaning over him, he brushed some curls off of his forehead. Peter turned his head into his hand, wanting his comfort even when asleep. 

"Hey, lovebug. Morning time." Tony continued to brush his fingers through his hair until his eyes started to move under his eyelids. 

"I see you're awake, baby boy," Tony whispered, kissing his forehead loudly. 

Peter took another few seconds before his eyes fluttered open and he took his time, stretching his arms over his head. 

"Big stretch," Tony said as if Peter were a baby, but he didn't mind. Peter probably didn't even know that it was a baby thing to do. Tony doubted that anyone ever said 

"big stretch!" 

to Peter when he was a baby.

Peter deserved to have everything any other child had. 

When he was still stretching, Tony rubbed his little belly peeking out from his pajama shirt, causing him to let out a burst of giggles. Just hearing his boy so happy was enough of a birthday present. 

Even if nobody remembered the day to get him an actual present. 

"Morning, Daddy!" Peter said, rubbing the sleepies from his eyes. 

"Good morning, my love." Tony gave him a big smile because he wanted every day of the rest of Peter's life to start happily. "Are you ready to start your day?" 

"It's a new day!" Peter gasped before covering his mouth. 

Tony eyed him, wondering what his strange behavior was about. "It sure is...did you think you woke before morning?" 

"Uh…” Peter glanced around the room nervously like he usually did when trying to hide something. It had only been barely three months since they officially adopted Peter and Harley, but he knew most of their tells. It was one of his jobs as their father. 

“What’re you hiding from me, pipsqueak?” Tony asked, raising his eyebrows. “You know you can tell Daddy anything.” 

“No secrets!” Peter said before hurrying from under the blankets and jumping off the bed. 

“Where are you going?” Tony furrowed his brow, watching him run out of his room. He stood up and followed towards Harley’s bedroom. “You know your brother likes his privacy, Pete.” 

Peter ignored the warning and threw open his bedroom door. He ran across the floor and jumped into Harley’s bed. He started shaking him and Harley only grumbled, shoving him away. 

“Careful,” Tony said from the doorway. “Don’t push your brother off the bed.” 

“I’m sleeping!” Harley grunted, blindly whacking Peter with one of his pillows before covering his head. 

“Wake up! It’s daytime!” Peter shook him harder, sounding like he was on edge. Tony wondered why. He hoped his boy was okay. 

Harley must have sensed the same thing because he sat up, turning to Peter with a focused look. “Good morning, Peter…” 

“Sorry, Harls,” Tony said, taking a step inside his room. “I tried to stop him.” 

“It’s fine,” Harley said, pushing Peter away. “He’s a little gremlin when he wants something. I’m up. Happy?” 

Tony watched the two begin to wrestle playfully in bed and felt torn. He loved seeing his boys happy and behaving like normal siblings. He should be over the moon, but he couldn’t help but feel disappointed because it was his birthday, and three out of three of the family living in his house had no idea.

“Boys!” He heard Steve yell from the kitchen. “Breakfast is ready!” 

Usuall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Steve Rogers
Domestic
Fluff
Holidays
Kid Peter Parker
Birthday
Surprise Party
Past Child Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
Father's Day
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Temper Tantrums
Nightmares
Bed-Wetting
Beaches
Avengers Family
Fourth of July
Aquariums
First Day of School
Crushes
Halloween
High School
Sexual Themes
Thanksgiving
Christmas
New Year's Eve
New Year's Kiss
Valentine's Day
Implied/Referenced Cheating
Implied Sexual Content
Post-Break Up
Anniversary
Wedding Night

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

