Chapter 1: We'll Figure It Out As We Go
    




Chapter Text
“Agent Romanoff.” A female voice caused Natasha to jolt out of her thoughts as elevator doors silently slid open on the medical level in the tower. She looked up to see Dr. Helen Cho standing in the open frame with worry lines between her brows.“Dr. Cho.” The agent said evenly and waited for her to continue.“Do you have a moment? There is something we should discuss.” The doctor held her arm across the elevator to prevent it from closing. Natasha had been on her way up to the living quarters of the Avengers Tower. It had been three days since the team had defeated Ultron, three days since Bruce had flown off in one of the jets, three days since an entire city fell down from the sky nearly obliterating the planet earth as they knew it. And while technically they had won, the events had left all of their consciouses shaken. Natasha had taken the liberty of skipping out of the debrief and disappearing for few days to get her head on straight. The battle had been death-defyingly hard but for the superspy being in mortal peril was becoming her norm. The memories that had been dredged up by the red wisps from Wanda Maximoff on the other hand had been something she’d been entirely unprepared for.The flashes from her past and the nightmares that she had long sequestered to the corner of her mind were pulled into the light once more. So as soon as the helicarrier landed and docked, Natasha ignored the PA system requesting she join the other Avengers on the tarmac to take a quinjet back to the tower in New York City and she helped herself to a motorcycle, letting herself off the vessel like a bat out of hell. She drove down New England country roads at blistering speeds, scarcely noticing the scenic foliage as she blazed through before settling at a safehouse. She turned off her cell phone knowing Clint and probably Steve would try calling her in then stayed a couple days, sleeping with a pair of handcuffs secured to the headboard. She didn’t attach the other end to her wrist, she promised herself she never would again, but she held it tightly with the metal biting into her fingers. On the third day when she woke up without images of ballerinas with bloody feet or shooting a bound faceless man or riding on a metal table down a grim, dank hallway, Natasha set back out on the road to rejoin her team.She still felt on edge, but it was manageable now, everything slowly falling back into the compartment she had made for it. Now she just wanted to be in her rooms, take a long, hot shower and find Steve and Clint if he had not gone back to the farm yet. However, the tension in the doctor’s shoulder, the concern in her expression gave her pause, “Yes, I have some time.”As she stepped off the elevator Dr. Cho fell in line with her, “If you could follow me please, I think it would be best if I showed you.”After a moment of silence as they walked down the hall, Natasha commented, “I’m surprised to still see you’re here and not back in Seoul.”“I stayed on to see if I could help the boy.” She clarified. “His sister helped me break out of Ultron’s trance. I wanted to see if there was anything I could do.”“And could you do anything?She shook her head, “He is being preserved in the Cradle but that’s all I can do for them now.”“Is that what this is about?” Natasha asked evenly.“Yes,” Dr. Cho confirmed and went into more detail. “The girl hasn’t left her brother’s side since they arrived here. Agent Barton has been checking in on her, I was actually going to find him before I ran into you.”“He would be better suited to help.” Her blasé demeanor never faltered but a part of Natasha squirmed uncomfortably, not liking walking into a situation she was not prepared for, especially if Wanda Maximoff was involved. She realized that in the end the woman had helped defeat Ultron and even understood better than most that she should have a chance for redemption however, forgiving her for messing with her head was a different matter entirely.“Let me just show you first.” Helen ignored her reluctance and stopped them in from of a large observation window of a recovery room. The standard hospital bed had been removed and in its place Dr. Cho’s Cradle had been set up, glowing the eerie turquoise color. Then half sitting in a chair, half draped over top the machine was- Natasha blinked.“Who am I looking at here?”“Wanda Maximoff.”“That’s not Wanda Maximoff.” Natasha said confidently and yet at the same time she knew it was her, however her appearance had changed drastically since she had seen her last. Wanda who had appeared to be a young woman in her early 20’s now looked to be a slumbering, young teenager. She had shrunken in stature, becoming thin and gaunt, but remained recognizable from her apple cheekbones and bow-shaped lips, the mass of dark waves spilling messily around her head and the last remnants of black eyeliner smeared around her eyes. The red leather jacket the girl had borr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Vision
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Kid Wanda Maximoff
Parent Natasha Romanov
Mother-Daughter Relationship
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Natasha Romanov
Teen Wanda
Grief/Mourning
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Parent Steve Rogers
Comfort
mama nat
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Vision
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers

