Chapter 1: in which Darcy is kidnapped
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
They took her in transit from the Greyhound station to her parents’ house.  She didn’t know who ‘They’ were, precisely, but she knew they weren’t good guys.  Good guys wouldn’t kidnap her.  Good guys wouldn’t schlep her to a disturbingly nondescript facility, strip her down, toss a fricking hospital gown at her, and shove her into a box.  That was not an exaggeration, they had literally shoved her into a fricking metal box - complete with airholes!  It was maybe six feet by three, and padded on the bottom so at least she was somewhat comfortable during the second leg of whatever journey they were sending her on.Comfortable, but terrified out of her mind.There were only a few reasons Darcy could think of for someone, anyone to kidnap her, and almost all of them involved her association with Dr. Jane Foster, Dr. Erik Selvig, and/or Thor of Asgard.  She supposed that her mysterious ‘they’ might be one of the underground Omega-trafficking rings you heard about on the news from time to time, but she thought the odds were pretty slim.  It was far more likely that her kidnapping had everything to do with Thor’s decision to bide a while on Earth, and nothing to do with her gender.Darcy had nothing to do for several hours while the crate was transported, first by some sort of motor vehicle, then by some sort of aircraft, but think of all of the people who might want to use her to get to them.  She also spent time wondering how long it would take for somebody to realize she’d gone missing.  Her trip home had been intended as a surprise: her family hadn’t been expecting her.  Jane and Thor didn’t expect her back until a little after St. Patrick’s Day and so, Darcy realized with a sinking sensation, it was entirely possible that she wouldn’t be missed for over a week.A lot could happen in a week.  More than she wanted to think about.Instead, she focused on how pissed Thor would be when he realized what had happened to her, that she was missing.  He would tear through the nameless, faceless goons to get to her, she was sure.  He might even get his superhero buddies to come help.  Who knew?  Of course, there was no telling what would be left of her by then…but that didn’t bear thinking about.Time passed.She didn’t know how much.By the time they landed and her box was transported (vehicle again) to whatever destination, she had exhausted all possible Firefly and Dr. Who-related jokes in her head, thought up a thousand ways the mysterious ‘they’ could hurt her and resigned herself to dying an ignominious death.  Which, ultimately, meant that when she was, at last, released, she was in fine form as far as sarcastic wit and give-a-fucks went.  Darcy was somewhere around 99% sure she wasn’t going to make it out of the situation alive and that was…freeing, in an odd sort of way.  There probably wasn’t anything she could reasonably do to ensure her own survival, really.  She was doomed.She blinked at the bright lights that flooded the box as it was unlatched and opened.  Hands reached in and grabbed her unresisting form, lifting her none-too-gently and then setting her down beside it.  They were kind enough to keep a grip on her until she was somewhat steady on her feet.  Darcy slowly adjusted to the light, looking around and finding herself in a medium-sized room that looked a lot like a patient examining room in a doctor’s office.  Her stomach immediately flipped over and made a bid for her throat, forcing her to swallow heavily to stifle the urge to gag and, possibly, throw up.Darcy had seen this movie before and it did not tend to end well for the gal in the hospital gown.There were two goons, probably Betas judging by the smell, stationed on either side of the one door that she could see.  Both were dressed in dark gray fatigues with no visible insignia.  These guys, whoever they were, were organized – and disciplined, too, she noted: neither of the dudes had attempted to cop a feel and neither of them were looking at her, and she knew she probably made quite a sight in her paper-thin (because it was literally paper) hospital gown.  Conversely, this actually made her more scared: if these guys were well disciplined, then this was a well-planned kidnapping, which meant that they had, well, plans for her.  Plans that had been thought-out very carefully…she added to her mental tally for ‘fastest possible rescue time.’  If these guys were good at being bad, then it might take Jane and Thor more than a week to realize something had happened.She fidgeted a little, looking around more carefully.  There was a hospital bed in one corner of the room, a sink opposite it, and a small cloth partition that could be extended to block a toilet and a showerhead from view, and now that she was looking more carefully, she could see a dip in the floor and a small drain.  There were no visible light switches, and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
background Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Background Thor/Jane - Relationship
background Bruce/Betty

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Polyamory
Kidnapping
Dubious Consent
Extremely Dubious Consent
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Mutual Non-Con
Psychological Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Forced Bonding
Bonding
Super Soldier Serum
omega Darcy
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Blood and Torture
Rape
Rape Aftermath
Sex while Under the Influence
Berserker Steve Rogers
Berserker Bucky Barnes
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Crack Treated Seriously
Discussion of Abortion
On the Run
Id Fic
Feels
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Unreliable Narrator
Hopeful Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
background Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Background Thor/Jane - Relationship
background Bruce/Betty

