Work Text:
Steve placed his laptop on the kitchen table, poured himself a cup of coffee and sat down to check his email.When Tony had first shown him a computer and the Internet he had thought he would never be able to master it, but it turned out to be pretty easy when you had someone on hand 24 hours a day who loved to show off how much he knew about technology.He clicked on his email and started to read the first one. It was from his aunt's great-great grand-daughter, a lovely little girl, just 8 years old, who regularly sent him photos and stories she had written.He loved that even all these years later, while everyone he had known was either old or dead, he still had family, a connection, in this world. ‘Dear uncle Steve,’ the email began, ‘I wrote you a story in class. It is about how much I love you and how you are my hero. My second favorite person is Iron Man. I think you should kiss him.’Steve thought that was a slightly strange thing for an 8 year old to be saying, but carried on reading.
‘I think you and Iron Man should get married and when you do, on the wedding night you should let him fuck you all night long with his hard weeping cock over and over till you beg for more. 

Lots of love, Annie.

PS. Are you still a virgin?'
Steve slammed the laptop lid down and ran to Tony's lab.  *  “So they don't have virus on their end… The IP address checks out, this is definitely the email they sent, but the text has changed?” Tony asked, as Steve put the phone down.“Yes, Annie's mom said the start of the email is the same, right up until the part she says I am her hero, it's just the rest that is different,” Steve replied.“So she didn't write the part about me being her second favorite? Well, quite frankly I'm upset.”“Tony, can we concentrate on this?”“OK, OK… Are your other emails normal?”“I haven't checked them yet,” Steve said and opened the first mail. “This one is changed too, it says I should enlarge my... you know what... by 2 to 3 inches and there's a link. Should I click on it?”“God no, and please if anyone asks you if they can pay a million dollars into your bank account, DON'T send them your details. What's next?”“Newsletter off a company I bought a CD from.”“Open that one.”Steve clicked the email and said, “It all looks fine. Latest offers, company news and… Oh.”“What?”Steve turned the laptop round pointed at the bottom half of the email, which said:
‘OUR LATEST BLU-RAY DEALS: Get 50% off The 90 Year Old Virgin. The heart-warming tale of how Steve Rogers is tenderly relieved of his virginity by playboy Tony Stark. Get 50% off The Incredibly Well Endowed Hulk…’
Tony hit the back button, opened the next email and read the first line.
‘”Harder, Tony, harder,” Steve moaned, his legs bent up to his chest as…’
“OK, I've seen enough,” Tony said.“It's all of them?” Steve asked and Tony nodded. “Then how the hell is this happening?”“Someone has to be intercepting the mail somewhere along the route and changing the contents somehow,” Tony said, opening his own laptop and tapping on the keys. “All the emails came across different mail servers and the only one they all have in common is our server.”“What are you doing?” Steve asked.“I am sending you an email,” Tony replied, opening Steve's laptop again and clearing the inbox. “It should only go to our server. If someone's hacked into it, there should be a delay as they change the document.”Tony hit send and within milliseconds the email appeared in Steve's inbox. They both gathered round the laptop as Steve clicked on the email and their mouths dropped open.The email said:
Subject: Test
Body:
     ___
  /   /    7
(_ , _   /
   \        \
    \        \
     \         \
      \          \__
   (       \          )
    \ ___ \ ___ /“That's impossible,” Tony said. “No one could alter it that quickly.”“Impossible?” Steve asked. “Or just inhumanly impossible?”“Are you suggesting we have an alien in our mail server?”“Maybe not an alien,” Steve said. “Maybe a Norse god we know who likes to play tricks?”“That little green bastard! I'm going to kill him.”“Stark!” Thor said, as he entered the room. “I have received a strange communication.”“Not you as well?” Steve asked.“You have also received it? I hope you did not read it, it is most personal.”Tony took the laptop from Thor and opened the lid.“Fury has sent me a message,” Thor explained. “Do you know where he is? I would like an explanation for this smut.” 
‘Subject: Memo to Thor Odinson.

Body: Thor kissed Loki greedily as he rubbed his finger against the Trickster's entrance, slowly pushing inside him…’

 
“Oh my god,” Tony said, and turned the laptop away. “Steve don't read that. It's not from Fury. Someone has been tampering with the real messages and changing what they say.”“The only person we can think of is Loki,” Steve said.“You are suggesting my brother would send me a communication about how I ravish his body?” Thor asked, menacingly.“Well…” Steve tried to back peddle. “Pulling a trick like this, it's 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humor

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

