Chapter 1



Notes:
Hello everyone!First of all, I'd like to say thanks for clicking on his story and reading :)This story will the the sequel to "Close", which you have perhaps read. If not, this can be read as a stand alone story too.Basically I kind of missed writing that version of Steve & Nat, and was tempted by the idea of revisiting them. After someone (I'm looking at you, Yvonne!) mentioned in the comments on another story that they would also like to see more of them too, I decided to just go for it. :) After all, Close started out as a one shot and that tuned out okay!I'm aiming for the format to be the same as Close, several interconnecting oneshots to allow for some kind of continuity and maybe a larger story. As I haven't written any other chapters yet, we'll just have to see what happens! :)So let's check up on Steve & Nat!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Natasha has always thought Steve seems impossibly large in his uniform.Not quite as physically big as Thor, but somehow his presence seems to radiate and surround her. He doesn’t even have to touch her, doesn’t always have to be close by. Sometimes it feels like all he has to do is be in the same room and it feels like heavy weight pressing down on her.She kind of likes it.Okay, more than just likes it.Secretly at least.She keeps it secret, because she would never let anyone know that the Black Widow’s heart flutters when Steve pulls her into an embrace, or when they duck behind his shield, all that strength wrapped around her. Or that she feels light headed when they spar, when she lets the bulk of him pin her down on the matt – he’s never bested Natasha without her letting him do so – his solid weight settled between her thighs. That when they’re alone in the back of a jet on the way to a drop point, she’ll curl herself under his arm and brush her lips against that gap between his suit and his jaw, letting his warmth envelop her completely.But she likes it best when they’re lying in bed together, because if she thought he was big in the uniform then it’s nothing compared to how he feels out of it.Like now.The man is like a mountain range, the dips and curves of his muscles like ridges and valleys, half cast into shadow as pale sunlight spills through the window. She’s still not used to waking up like this; opening her eyes seeing him before anything else, but she doesn’t think she’ll ever bore of it. It still feels new, stills feels exciting and unfamiliar and it's a little bit alarming that she finds herself wanting to get used to it. Natasha has never been one to settle into routine (thank god), but there's something about the way he looks at her when he wakes that's always the same, unchanging like the ground beneath her feet and recently she's noticed that Clint calls her grumpy on the days when she's forced to wake without Steve's arms wrapped around her.But today isn't one of those days. She reaches out to him, pushes his hair back from his forehead and he stirs slightly, the movement pulling him from slumber. He rolls onto his back with a grumble and throws an arm over his eyes, and it’s like a landslide, the way his muscles roll and stretch.“Morning,” he mumbles sleepily, voice a little gruff. A swathe of stubble is starting to darken his jaw slightly and his blonde hair is still a bit of a mess, but she likes it that way. His arm flops down to rest over his stomach and she can’t stop the swell in her chest when he gives her one of those dopey half smiles of his.“Morning,” she replies, and he smiles wider.He leans over to bracket her in against the pillows, dips his head down to kiss her. There’s just so much of him, heavy and dense and acres of skin and muscle above her. Natasha’s head spins.Those large hands of his move over the skin of her hips, her ribcage, softly, but there’s a gentle firmness to his touch that makes her ache for more at the thought of all that strength under the surface. His lips ghost over her neck and she shivers, arching against him as teeth scrape against flesh.“You always taste so good,” he hums, pulling back to look at her with something like wonderment in his eyes. He brings one hand up to her neck, thumb resting against her jaw and kisses her again, deep this time, coaxing her mouth open so he can taste her moans too.“So do you,” she murmurs, swinging one leg over his hips. It’s somewhat satisfying to have him roll onto his back for her with just a small push on his shoulder, that the weight of him, so solid and unyielding in the field, moves so easily for her. She takes her time mapping out the expanse of his skin with her lips and hands, working her way down his body from neck to navel, tasting every inch until his chest is heaving. A broken groan rumbles through him, an earthquake which she feels more than hears as she traces the v of his hips lightly with her nails.It’s perfect, everything is perfect, until a shrill siren cuts through the plea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Drabble
Fluff
FWP
Fluff without Plot
Established Relationship
Size Kink
Artist!Steve
body painting
Confessions
Protective!Steve
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
figuring out feelings
all the feels
battle trauma
Natasha's sexuality is Steve on a bike
bike porn
Unplanned Pregnancy
discussion of possible abortion
Bucky Barnes Feels
Graphic Violence
mental relapse
couples who don't know how to communicate
Pregnancy complications
Babies
Feels
author is a sap

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

