Work Text:
i.It doesn't take much to get Steve drunk; he occasionally goes shot for shot with Bucky, but Bucky's hard-headed and outweighs him by a good forty pounds. Which is a good thing, because on those nights, he usually has to carry Steve home and pour him into bed.But after Mary Margaret O'Reilly tells him she'd rather kiss a frog than kiss him, Steve just wants to get polluted and forget, nothing fun about it. He gets into a fight with some palooka from Sheepshead Bay who thinks he's funny when he asks if Steve's even out of grade school yet, and goes home with a black eye and a split lip for his troubles."Forget Mary Margaret O'Reilly," Bucky says, pouring him a glass of water and handing him an icepack for his eye, muttering under his breath about stuck-up, lace-curtain Irish girls. "That one's never gonna kiss anybody.""Who cares about that?" Steve says, slumping over the kitchen table. The rush of the fight's worn off and now he just feels tired and sad. Tears burn behind his eyes, but he can't let them fall, not even in front of Bucky. Not over this. "No one's ever gonna kiss me.""Now you're talking crazy," Bucky says. "You're a great guy. Dames who've passed you by are kicking themselves now."Usually, he lets Bucky's encouragement and his own optimistic nature cheer him up, but the whisky's made him maudlin and angry and tired. "Don't lie to me, Bucky, and don't patronize me. I know what dames like and I know it's not skinny, asthmatic guys like me.""They're just dumb," Bucky says. "We'll find some independent college girls from the Village and--""Stop it, okay? Just stop it. We both know that's not true, so just quit it."He stares down at his hands, so tangled up inside his own head that he misses it when Bucky moves closer. He puts a hand under Steve's chin and tips it up, and before Steve can even ask what he's doing, Bucky presses his mouth against his. Bucky's lips are warm and soft and Steve feels a hot flash of humiliation and something else, something worse, because if Bucky knew how much he'd dreamed about this, wanted it--well, that'd be the end of their friendship, and Steve couldn't handle that.Bucky licks at his mouth and it stings where Steve's lip is split, and he desperately wants to open his mouth and let Bucky in, but he can't, not like this.He shoves Bucky away with all the strength he's got, and anger must give him something extra, because Bucky stumbles back against the cabinet, confused, his eyes dark and his lips bright with Steve's blood."I said, don't patronize me." Steve jumps up from the table and weaves his way into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.In the morning, he pretends to have been too drunk to remember, and Bucky doesn't mention it again.*ii.Bad weather and dodgy intel strand the Howling Commandos somewhere in the Alps for a few cold, snowy days, huddled together in some abandoned ski lodge.Jones keeps trying the radio but they've been cut off for eighteen hours and Steve doesn't expect that to change, not with the way the wind's howling and the clouds look low enough to touch if he just reaches up a hand.He doesn't feel the cold the way he used to, but the others are miserable with it, and the need to get out and do something is making them all snappish and mean.On the second night, Dernier finds a jug of peppermint schnapps and they pass it around, not even bothering with the tin cups from their mess kits."Happy bloody New Year," Falsworth says, raising the jug in a toast, and they all stare at each other in surprise."Really?" Dugan asks. "I thought it wasn't for a couple of days yet.""That's because you can't count," Morita says, and they all laugh.Steve drinks along with them, enjoying the burn of the alcohol without any of the fun side effects, until, one by one, they fall asleep around the fireplace.Besides Steve, Bucky's the last one still awake, and he gives Steve a rueful grin. "Sorry we couldn't get you back to London in time to kiss Agent Carter at midnight.""Even you can't control the weather," Steve answers."Gimme some time," Bucky says. "I'll work something out." He pushes himself to his feet and crosses the few steps to where Steve is sitting. "In the meantime, this'll have to do." He leans in and presses his mouth to Steve's.Steve opens his mouth in surprise and Bucky's tongue slips inside. He tastes of peppermint, and for a moment, Steve lets the kiss go on, feeling that same flash of hot desire he remembers from the first time Bucky did this, and a little of the old heady buzz that booze no longer gives him.Bucky pulls back, small smile still playing around his lips and shining in his eyes. "Happy New Year, Steve." Then he curls up in his bedroll and goes to sleep.Steve murmurs, "Happy New Year, Bucky," with his fingers pressed to his still tingling lips.This time, Steve lets Bucky pretend he was too drunk to remember, and he forces himself to forget.*iii.When Falsworth said it was a special sort of private club for men, Steve had k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
5 Things
Kissing
Undercover As Gay
Homophobic Language
Bullying
Pining
Friends to Lovers
Oblivious!Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

