Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky’s always loved Steve more. That’s been his world for as long as he can remember - since the first time he laid eyes on Steve. He’d been sketching on the stoop of his old apartment building in Brooklyn, face drawn in concentration, and Bucky hadn’t been able to look away. Hasn’t been able to look away since, at least not when he’s had any choice in the matter.It’s the same fucking thing now. Seventy years of blood and ice between them and he still can’t look away from Steve Rogers.  As soon as Steve started to fall, Bucky started to remember. The longer he’s been awake, the more he has recovered of himself. Of Steve. The ice was what did it, what really kept him down. There was torture, sure. Torture paired with very brutal, very effective brainwashing. There were injections, there was pain and sometimes, even worse, there was pleasure. He did terrible things after worse were done to him. But he remembers. As soon as he gets the chance, as soon as he sees Steve, he remembers.The serum is in him, too, even if it’s not the same one Steve has, not really. They’re not the same, and even Erskine’s formula would have affected Bucky differently. It’s not the differences that matter. It’s the strength the serum has given both of them, the twisted ways it has allowed them to find each other again. It’s the serum that helps him remember, too. That repairs the damage done to him, beat by beat, the longer he’s away from the ice, the longer he’s with Steve instead of under Hydra’s thumb.It’d taken him as long as the museum, two weeks of hiding and remembering, before he let Steve find him. He’d stood in front of his own monument, and waited. After two days of waiting, Steve came up behind him, put his hand on Bucky’s shoulder, and whispered his name.Bucky had waited long enough, and when he turned around, he remembered enough to be able to smile, and most importantly, to nod in answer to the desperate hope buried in Steve’s voice when he said Bucky’s name like it was the most important question he’d ever asked. Steve had started to cry right then and there, and Bucky had already remembered enough to be able to hold him while he did.Now, almost six months later, they’re still stuck in basically the same moment. They do occasionally have to separate, accomplish other things, but even so, Bucky spends as much of his time as possible with his arms around Steve as tight as they can go, and Steve spends as much time as he’ll allow himself breaking down. It’s a shockingly large amount of the time, given that it’s Steve, and he’s never gone easy on himself for a second, at least until now, but that’s okay. Bucky happens to think Steve’s entitled. For himself, he’d rather focus on Steve, too. That’s what helps him, that’s what’s always grounded him, given him a reason. He hasn’t forgotten what happened to him, what he’s done. He’s not right, not better, but he’s not different, either. Or if he is, it isn’t enough to change things. Not where they matter. He’s still himself. He knows because he still loves Steve.Steve loves him, too. Bucky knows that, has always known. There’s nothing new about that, except everything Steve is suddenly willing to do about it. It’s not Bucky that’s different, not about this. It’s Steve who suddenly won’t let go, who catches Bucky looking at him because he is always already looking back. Bucky’s not the one who’s changed, not really. It’s Steve who he doesn’t recognize anymore.***Bucky tries to let himself off the hook for not noticing sooner, for not properly processing how Steve’s been acting and what it has to mean. How badly he’s really doing, despite the front he’s clearly been fighting tooth and nail to keep up. Letting himself off easy for failing to be what Steve needs has never been Bucky’s strong suit, but raking himself over the coals won’t help Steve any either, so he focuses on damage control here and now. Focuses on getting them to the kind of future he’s always wanted for them - something safer and better than they’ve ever known before, something that starts with the two of them together, unequivocal, and builds up from there. Nobody else has noticed either, how far off the edge Steve has really gone, but Bucky doesn’t find that particularly comforting, doesn’t let it ease any of his own guilt about not being there when Steve needed him. It’s his job to notice, to know, and to give what Steve needs, no matter what that is. Nobody else noticed, because nobody else knows what to look for. They’ve never seen Steve happy, not properly, never seen him brazen and cracking jokes and blazing with passion - not just for justice or America or freedom, fuck, but for art and their city, for color and taste, all the little ways Steve always sucked everything he could out of life, trying to stand on his own even while he was leaning on Bucky the whole time. Nobody knows how badly Steve’s doing because nobody can tell the difference, they all assume this is just how S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Grooming
Possessive Behavior
Sharing Clothes
Codependency
Light Dom/sub
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

