Chapter 1: Once more into the breach, my friends, once more
    




Chapter Text
“I choose…” Harry looked at all the paths offered to him while biting his lip. He knew what he wanted to do but was worried that they would be upset with him.“Which do you want to choose love?” Lily walked over and brushed his hair from his forehead a soft smile on her face. “We’ll support you no matter what you choose.”“Yeah pup…even if you want to move on without any choice that’s your right.” Sirius stated coming up and wrapping an arm around Harry’s shoulder. “You need to make a choice for your happiness.”“Lord Fate…” Harry took a deep breath as he turned to the only male Being that was with them.“Yes, child…” Lord Fate looked up from his conversation with his sisters letting the child have the time he needed to make the choice that was best for him.“If I went back to my Hogwarts days either in the middle path or the one beside it, would I be able to change things enough by going when I would be a fourth year? And would I keep my memories of what happened, so I’d know what I need to change?” Harry asked straightening slightly as he looked over the paths, still biting his lip in his nerves.“Why your fourth year?” Lord Fate asked, he had a good idea why but would like to hear the reasonings from the boy himself.“That is the year that Dumbledore forced me to compete in the Tournament and I was emancipated. I found out when I snuck out with Bill while Hermione was recovering, and Ron was able to cover for us.” Harry explained looking over everything and at those that had joined him at the blanket. “If I let myself get entered again, I’ll be able to get to Gringotts and get all the things done to me removed by the Goblins as well as use my title to remove the seal on Mum and Dad’s wills so that Sirius can be cleared enough to get a trial. Once that happens we can work together to work against Dumbledore.”“That is a sound reason but why not just wait until your fourth year but have the journey be longer?” Lady Magic asked.“Because if I make the friends that I’d want to before it happens Dumbledore’ll likely do something that would affect the future even worse leading to the destruction of the Wizarding World before it’s time.” Harry responded looking over at Lady Magic. “If I did that I think I’d need to stay male, not because of Dumbledore but because it’s what I know and am most comfortable with.”Lady Magic nodded in response to that and removed the image of the female Harry from the field.“You want to go to the new one don’t you pup.” Remus stated having noticed where Harry’s eyes kept focusing on when he wasn’t looking at the others.“I know that I’m gay, I checked out Cedric’s ass to many times not to be, but I still want children.” Harry responded simply with a sheepish shrug.“No judgement here, I was only with Tonks due to Sirius dying and potions that she used on the ‘advice’ of Dumbledore.” Remus replied shrugging his shoulders as he knelt in front of Harry while his parents wrapped around him.Lord Fate looked through the paths if Harry followed what he was saying and saw that it would be better for the Wizarding world to do it that way. He’d be able to work better as an emancipated minor at 14 than having Dumbledore as his magical guardian at 11.“That is a good path for you to take.” Lord Fate finally stated looking at the child who seemed to hold himself in preparation for blows. “It’ll also keep you from being in the care of your ‘relatives’ any longer.”Harry looked up in shock at that realizing what Lord Fate was saying, he’d be able to truly escape the Dursley’s this time.“Just because she was adopted didn’t give her the right to be such a bitch to you.” Lily stated snarling at the thought of the treatment her ‘sister’ subjected her boy to. “Wherever you go…whichever path you take…don’t let them escape justice for how they treated you.”“Your emancipation would lead to your secondary state to emerge early as well as any possible creature inheritance you might receive. Most only receive their secondary status at 17 in the middle path. If you desire children you’ll be an Omega Carrier. Many’ll try to control you because of that. But the Severus of that path has created a way to hide the truth.” Lord Fate stated looking at the Potion Master who blushed at the implication that in that world he was an Omega himself. “The soulmate words are given at birth if both are alive, and at the birth of the youngest if they are not.”“I want that…I want to be able to carry my own children and find the love that you spoke about.” Harry stated softly looking again at the middle path and chewing his lip. “That is my choice.”“Very well child.” Lord Fate approached and pressed a kiss upon Harry’s forehead right over where the Horcrux had resided for 17 years of his life.“You will be blessed.” Lady Magic walked forward and copied her brother in kissing Harry’s forehead. “Remember you can call on our judgement if you need to for things that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Regulus Black/Severus Snape
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin
James Potter/Lily Evans Potter
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Harry Potter & Pepper Potts
Clint Barton/Harry Potter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Manipulative Albus Dumbledore
Hermione Granger Bashing
Molly Weasley Bashing
Ginny Weasley Bashing
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Genius Harry Potter
Mpreg
Implied Mind Rape
Implied Childhood Sexual Abuse
Good Malfoy Family (Harry Potter)
Good Severus Snape
Good Ron Weasley
Ron Weasley is a Good Friend
George Weasley is a Good Friend
adults actually doing their job
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Harry Potter Has a Different Name
Cedric Diggory Lives
Bottom Harry Potter
Bisexual George Weasley
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Harry Potter and Tony Stark act like brothers
Harry Potter Epilogue What Epilogue | EWE
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Not Canon Compliant - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Not Canon Compliant - Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Not Canon Compliant - Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Not Canon Compliant - Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics

fandom: 
Regulus Black/Severus Snape
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin
James Potter/Lily Evans Potter
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Harry Potter & Pepper Potts
Clint Barton/Harry Potter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

