Chapter 1: Prolouge
    




Chapter Text
It had been a year and a half since Tony almost fucking died. He remembered the feeling of dread, that death was coming for him. At the hands of fucking Steve Rogers of all people. A man he used to think of as a friend, but now knows what he truly is. A liar and a selfish person that only cares for himself, or for Bucky Barnes. However, it seemed life didn't think it was his time yet. Because the moment he closed his eyes, and thought it was over. He actually opened them again, in a hospital room, with Vision at his side. "How are you feeling Mr. Stark ?" "Vis...where I am ?" "You are in New York sir. On the hospital." "New York...but how did I get here from Siberia ?" "King T'Challa had followed you to get Barnes and offer back up. After he apprehended Zemo, he came back looking for you, and found you in time." Vision shook his head. "We were very lucky. The King actually encountered Rogers and he told him you were just cooling off. The King however knew better to believe Mr. Rogers, and still went looking." Oh shit. Thank god. He didn't know what to think of T'Challa before. He let his grief consume him, but Tony understood the sudden pressure he must have felt. Now he owns the man his life. "He delivered you to Moscow hospital where you were stabilized. Afterwards you were taken to New York where Doctors, Helen Cho and Christine Palmer managed to fully safe you. You've been in a coma for 4 weeks sir. I...We were all very worried." "Wait...what happened to Rhodey ?" "Colonel Rhodes is still healing from his fall." Vision said guilty. "He hasn't been able to come. But he has been monitoring your progress from there. Ms. Potts was actually here an hour ago, but she had to leave for a meeting. I should mention to you that Mr. Parker also visited you under the Spiderman suit." "I see....So they are all well ?" "Yes they are." "What about Rogers, do we know where he is." Tony was healing, but once he did, the bastard was gonna pay. "He broke his teammates out of the Raft with Ms. Romanoff's help, after that, we got no leads on any of them." "Hm, so now I assume the world thinks I am the bad guy. For hurting the great Captain America." Vision smirked. "Actually, I think you should see what the world thinks yourself." Vision turned the TV on, and....Tony was greatly surprised. There were protests, AGAINST Rogers. All calling for him to face justice, and condemning him and his team. At the same time, people were laying flowers on the tower, and he had a lot of get better cards. "I believe the world has chosen a side." Vision said. "And it's not Rogers's sir. It's yours."        Tony was discharged a week later by Dr. Palmer. Pepper and Happy were waiting for him and took him to the tower. To home. Vision, Rhodes, and Peter waited for him there, and they all had a great reunion. "I bet Ross wants my ass for not being there for the Raft break out." "Not really. The man is in a lot of trouble after all." Rhodey smiled. "What...what the hell did you all do." "Pep worked with T'Challa to expose all of his corrupt ways and his anti enchanced agenda while you were gone. We even discovered he was the one that actually gave Rogers and Wilson their gear back. Having an agent use a face mask to look like Sharon Carter so that Rogers would take the bait. Speaking of you should call her. She's been nuts when she learned of what happened." "Of course. The real Sharon was hurt when the Winter Soldier was triggered in Berlin." "Anyway." Pepper continued. "Ross wanted, incited the fight on the airport, so super heroes were looked even more badly, and he would gain enough power to get control of all of you, or capture you. Now he is on a jail cell, waiting for trial for all of his questionable actions, staring for his actions against Bruce, to the accords issue." Good, finally justice for Bruce. Wherever he is, Tony hopes Bruce can finally know it. "Say Tony. I got a call from the Director of SHIELD some days ago." Pepper said. "Hum. I don't want to do anything with Fury again. I am done with him, Hill, or those bastards." "Of course, and we will bring them down again. However, this wasn't Fury. He wants to meet with you, and I think you should do. Something tell me SHIELD is now lead by an actual good man. One that those care about others more than power." "Well, if you say so Pep. I'll meet with this new guy. Do you know his name ?" "I'm gonna leave it as a surprise." Afterwards, Rhodey explained what happened with the accords. "After you....well you know. The accords gained a lot of momentum both from governments, and the public. 154 countries have signed them already, and there are more coming. Of course, with Romanoff breaking the contract, only you, Vis, T'Challa, and I are the only signees at the moment. The question is what to do about the Avengers now ?" "Simple. We do what I do when an experiment fails. We rebuild. Take the working parts and put them back, and replace the broken o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Carol Danvers/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Brunnhilde | Valkyrie
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange
Ruby Hale/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Carol Danvers/Yelena Belova/Tony Stark
Laura Barton/Sharon Carter

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Natasha Romanov Friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Consequences
BAMF Tony Stark
Awesome Carol Danvers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Thor is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Vision is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Threesome - F/F/M
Sam is sorry
So is Wanda
Wanda is actually kinda nice here
Semi Wanda redemption

fandom: 
Carol Danvers/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Brunnhilde | Valkyrie
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange
Ruby Hale/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Carol Danvers/Yelena Belova/Tony Stark
Laura Barton/Sharon Carter

