Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
Tony blinks.
He blinks and his entire world changes.
In one moment, he’s hunched over on Titan, watching as Thanos annihilates them one by one.
The next, his eyes are blinking open to the inside of a plane.
 
He closes his eyes and reopens them; once, twice. Breaths gasping to keep up as pain and confusion hit him in equal parts. He’s bruised, injured, dehydrated, a whole slew of issues he catalogs in the moment he comes awake. It’s an army plane of some kind, outdated though, all open and utilitarian, made for air-bound missions. He’s in a jump seat but cushioned by something soft, a blanket wrapped between him and the harness.
There are soldiers on board and... Tony fights back a gasp as he catches sight of Rhodey strapped in next to him. Rhodey, looking so young and different, in full dress uniform. Whole, uninjured Rhodey. And his mind won’t compute that, even as his heart soars as he stares at his legs.
His eyes track to his own body. Even without the visual confirmation, he can feel the differences. Despite all the pain something feels different, deep down in his bones. His musculature isn’t what he remembers and his chest aches in a way he hasn’t felt in years. A glance down confirms it. There is an arc reactor in his chest. His original build from Afghanistan. And this plane, this trip, comes back to him. He can’t hold back the gasp and Rhodey turns to him with worried eyes. He shakes his head to wave him off. This is a moment he needs to himself. He slows his breath, tries to clear his mind. It doesn’t work as his thoughts zip by him.
Nothing makes sense as he glances around, seemingly nine years in the past. He remembers this moment, has already lived it. The fear, the relief, the pain, the determination. And yet it’s all here again, mixed in with the knowledge of the future. His eyes track to Rhodey. Tears clench at the edge of his eyes. It hits him then, so suddenly; if this is real and actually happening, what this could mean. What he now knows and what he can aim to stop.
It’s too much to compute in this moment. He is unused to the reactor now and this version even more so. It pulls and aches in a way he’s long forgotten. His mind races a hundred miles an hour, but his body is on autopilot as Rhodey helps him into the wheelchair. He’s lived this and he waves off the stretcher again, just as he remembers doing before.
And there is Pepper. His dear Pepper, looking so young and, even despite the red-rimmed eyes, so much lighter and unburdened. His eyes can’t, won’t, leave her as he takes in the differences so visible to him now in a way they hadn’t been over the years. She had changed, right along with him. And not all of it was good. And Happy, steady as always. He makes some jokes, tries to get the words right as his eyes dart around and his mind continues to work.
He’s hungry. And he remembers his demand for a cheeseburger all those years ago. How it seemed to the most important thing after getting free. It isn’t, he knows that now. But he pesters Pepper about it, keeps her and Happy distracted as his mind plots. Resists all her attempts to get him to the hospital. He knows more about his condition now than anyone else could ever. No doctor, no hospital, can help him more than he can help himself.
Holding the press conference is what is important now. Stopping the weapons manufacturing was still one of the greatest accomplishments of Tony’s life, one of his best decisions. He knows he isn’t changing that part of history.
They pull up at the Stark Industries Headquarters and Tony almost has his first moment of breaking character. Stane. How could he have forgotten about this, about him? He shudders through the hug and brushes him off as quickly as he can. The crowd is enormous, and everyone wants to greet him, welcome him back. Smile firmly planted on his face, he makes his way toward the podium, towards Stane, even as his mind is plotting murder and revenge.
“I never got to say goodbye to my father.” It slips out of his mouth before Tony can stop it. God. Seeing Obadiah and knowing what happened to his father, its overwhelming in a way he hadn’t expected. It hurts, looking at this man and knowing so much more of the truth. Part of him can’t believe he didn’t see it the first time, see his actions and the looks he’s sending Tony’s way. But he shakes it off. He can’t get off topic here. This press conference is already a circus. He can’t believe he’s getting away with it; got away with it once already.
He starts his speech. Tries to remember what he’d said the first time around. The passion, the reasoning is still in there, but its subdued, washed away by years of tucking away his memories of Afghanistan, burying them. He still gets his lines in, still gets his point across, even amid the shouting and clamoring from not only the press but Stane as well. Calls off the weapons, talks about accountability, dreams and ideas for a better future, a safer future. He thinks 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark-centric
Civil War Team Iron Man
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Coulson Lives
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Civil War Fix-It
infinity war fix-it
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark deserves nice things
BAMF Tony Stark
POV Tony Stark
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
kind of anti-steve
kind of anti-wanda
iron man rewrite
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Business Man Tony Stark
Stark Industries
Slow Burn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

