Chapter 1: iron man I
    




Chapter Text



🕷⎊🕷

2006
He got the call at a party. It was one of his crazy ones, the lavish ones that he threw to distract himself from his thoughts.He almost didn't take it, but something had him stumbling out onto the balcony of his Malibu penthouse, sliding the glass door shut behind him, and drowning out the noise of the party."Go for Stark.""...Is-is this Anthony Edward Stark?"Tony scoffed at the voice. He'd heard that admiration before, could practically see the woman on the other line reading the name off of a piece of paper in astonishment.He groaned, trying to disguise the slur of his voice."Who's this?""I'm calling from New York-Presbyterian Hospital on behalf of Mary Parker."Tony frowned. He'd heard that name before, but he couldn't place his finger where, especially not in his inebriated state."I don't know who that is. How did you get this number?""Mary Parker was among the victims of the 707 crash in Pennsylvania. She didn't survive. She listed you as a secondary emergency contact for Peter Parker. Did you know this?""...I'm not following."A shuffle on the other line. Tony swallowed a deep sense of foreboding, gripping the railing of the balcony."...Mister Stark, Peter Parker is your son."
...Shit.
He'd always expected to get this call someday, sometime. It didn't make the gravity of it any less real, any less heartstopping and terrifying and...Howard. All he could think of at those words was Howard. "...Sir, we need you to come pick him up from New York-Presbyterian as soon as possible. Otherwise, we need the name of any other immediate family that can take him, or we have a foster family on call that would be happy to take him in.""I..." he rubbed the bridge of his nose with his pointer finger and thumb, a shell-shocked and shaky sigh escaping him. "I...how long?""Sorry?""How long did I...I mean, I...how-how old is...?"He didn't want a child. The very idea made him want to vomit over the balcony, made him want to drink his way into a nice eternal slumber.And yet, his eyes were suddenly filmed over with tears, picturing a little boy with his eyes and this Mary's curls sitting alone in a hospital, raised without a father, and Tony's heart ached longingly to get to a kid he'd never met.
How long did I not know?
"...Five, sir."Five.Five years.He wanted to be angry. He wanted to be furious.But he was just heartbroken.
Howard, Howard, Howard.
He couldn't be like Howard."I...I'm on my way," his voice cracked. "I'm coming. Can-can you tell the kid that I'm...?""A nurse has been sitting with him. I'll tell him you're on your way, Mister Stark."Tony paused, pursing his lips.He didn't know what to say."...I'm sorry for your loss, sir."He looked up at the stars, recalibrating himself."Me, too."🕷⎊🕷Rhodey rode with him the hour-long plane ride to New York."A kid, Tony? Are you serious?"Rhodey towered over Tony as he sat in his plane seat, looking out the window."He has no one.""Tony, I say this with love, but that might be better than you, man. It's not like you have a great example to follow."I know, he thought, rubbing his temples with his fingers."Look, why don't you just let that foster family take him? The one the nurse told you about?""I'm not letting someone else raise my kid," Tony snapped, looking up at Rhodey with bloodshot eyes. "My kid. I'm not letting someone else raise him for another second.""She was his mom.""And I am his dad."The very sentence brought another wave of nausea shooting through his head. He swallowed thickly."I'm his dad, and she didn't...she didn't even..."He took a recalibrating breath, looking up at Rhodey briefly."I would've been part of his life. If I knew.""Well, you didn't. And it was probably for the best that she didn't tell you, Tones. You know more than anyone that weapon developers and parenting don't mix.""I'm not Howard."Rhodey sighed, a scoff of disbelief escaping him."So, what? You gonna trade in your nuclear weapons for some baby gates and pacifiers?""He's five.""Five years old is a baby, Tony. A baby that requires full-time attention that you don't have.""That's fine."Rhodey's mouth rested in a thin line. He collapsed next to Tony with a sigh, glancing at him for one moment before he was running a hand down his face and taking Tony's hand in his other."You'll need help."Tony said nothing. He squeezed his hand."Yeah."🕷⎊🕷He placed two sweaty hands on the hospital's front desk. The woman behind it had eyes the size of dinner plates."I, uh...I'm here for, uh..."
My son. My son that I found out existed only two hours ago.
"Yes sir," she said, jumping to her feet. "Yes, w-we've been expecting you, sir. We spoke on the phone, I-just-just follow me this way."He nodded numbly, making brief, reassuring eye contact with Rhodey in the waiting room.He trekked forward and every step was heavier than the next, as if he was walking toward his impending doom. Five years. He had missed five years of the life of his son.First steps. First words
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Tony Stark Lives
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker Angst
Peter Parker has PTSD
Peter Parker Has Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Protective Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Pepper Potts
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Humor
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Christmas Fluff
Family Fluff
Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Comfort/Angst
Angst and Tragedy
Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

