Chapter 1: My dad isn't the mean man
    




Chapter Text

December 1995 – Stark Industries Headquarters in Los Angeles, laboratories
 Darcy was smart, everyone told her so, but she also knew the value of discretion. She managed to sneak into the SI labs with just a bit of patience, thanks to a distracted technician who didn't bother to close the door behind him.After that, it was really easy. Tony Stark’s private lab was obviously the biggest one, and his name was on the door. The little light on the lock was green. To open it, Darcy just had to push it slowly to avoid noise. She slipped inside and looked around wide-eyed, curious and excited, taking everything in. She couldn’t see Mr Stark, although she knew he was around: his assistant had said so to her step-father. She pouted. A noise came from under a big machine looking somewhat like a rocket. Her smile returned, and she stepped forward.“Elise? Hand me the pincers.”Darcy blinked. He was confusing her with his assistant. She heard him sigh, and he started to say “It looks like pli–”. Wishing to prove herself (she knew what tools looked like!), she quickly grabbed the pincers left on the workbench and kneeled to give it to him. Her small hand brushed his calloused fingers.Startled, Mr Stark turned his head and barely restrained himself from standing and hitting his head on the booster. “What the– what are you doing here?”Darcy tensed, fearing he’d be really mad at her. She gnawed on her bottom lip. “I wanted to see you work,” she admitted in a small voice.“What? Wait… you’re Obadiah’s daughter, right? Darcy? Is that it?”“Step-daughter,” she quickly corrected but nodded all the same.“What are you doing here, kid? The labs are restricted access. There’s dangerous stuff here, it’s not for children.”She wrinkled her noise. “I’m not stupid. I don’t touch stuff. I just slipped in…”“You just slipped in? What the fuck?”She made herself as small as possible. Bad words meant bad things. “I just wanted to see you work,” she repeated, mouth wavering, truly upset at the idea he’d throw her out.“What– Hey, no, kid, don’t cry!” He slid his mechanics dolly to get away from the rocket and be able to sit up. “Ok? Just, don’t cry…”“I’m not crying,” she answered, sniffling a little to keep the tears at bay. She adjusted her glasses on her nose. “Can I stay, please? Just a bit? Pretty please? I’ll be really quiet and not bother you, and I can give you the tools you need! I know them all!”“Jesus, kid… Isn’t Obi going to look for you? How old are you, anyway?”“I’m seven! And he’s on a meeting for at least one hour! He said to stay in his office, but I already did all my homework and there’s nothing to do there, it’s boring…”“Yeah, I know. I told him his office is the most boring place ever…” Tony answered with a compassionate nod. He stared at her sideways for a few seconds before sighing. “Alright, fine, you can stay if you’re quiet, but you have to go back before Obi's done. I’m not getting in trouble for you, kid.”Darcy nodded fervently and beamed at him. Tony grumbled and went back to his work, ignoring her except to ask for a few tools here and there. Darcy lay down on the ground, her face between her hands as she watched, swinging her feet and smiling. Tony swore a lot and grumbled but not at her. It was okay. After twenty minutes, Tony paused and sighed, looking at her dubiously.“Seriously, kid? I was sure you’d ask questions eons ago. What the hell is so interesting in watching me work for a little thing your age? You can’t tell me you understand anything I’m doing.”“Well, I think you’re trying to lighten the rocket, even if I don’t really get how you’re going to do that without making it blow up with everything you stripped from it… Apart from that, no, I don’t know what you’re doing, but I like watching you work.”There was a lot Tony wanted to say in answer to that but the first thing out of his mouth was: “It’s not a rocket.”“What is it, then?”He was going to describe his new weapon to the little girl when he thought better of it. “Whatever… it’s probably best you don’t know…” he grumbled. He went back to work. Silence settled in.Darcy was a bit cold from lying on the floor in her tights and skirt, but it was worth it. She was looking at the clock frequently and sighed when it was finally time. “I have to go. Can I come back later, please?”“Whatever kid, it’s your ass on the line if Obi learns about it,” he answered without looking at her. Good enough, Darcy decided. She walked away. “And don’t you ever dare to touch anything in the labs, or I’ll have your hide!” He shouted as she opened the door.“Yes Mr Stark!” She shouted back before running away. 
July 1998 – SI Headquarters in LA, CEO’s office
 Darcy heard his familiar footsteps. He was alone. She crawled from under the assistant’s desk and rose her head above it. Mr Stark stopped right in front of her and shifted his sunglasses down his nose to stare at her. He walked away to the office door without acknowled
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Child Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Hurt/Comfort
Cuddling & Snuggling
Touch-Starved
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Agent Betty Carver is a TV series
Anxiety
Panic Attacks

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

