Work Text:
 Standing at the foot of one of two beds in a room he wasn't supposed to be in, fighting out an internal battle between morals and desires, the last Black could only watch helplessly as he felt the former rapidly losing. Sirius knew it was wrong. So very, very wrong. Sick. Insane. But looking at the sleeping face of his godson he couldn’t help himself.“Dormio,” he whispered, putting all his power behind the charm to ensure Harry wouldn’t wake. He might be insane, but he never wanted Harry to find out how much.Lovingly cradling the sleeping boy he wondered whether he’d been doing this if he hadn’t been sent to Azkaban. He wasn’t sure he wanted to know the answer. At least this way he could blame some of it on his imprisonment.Without a sound he carried Harry to his own room, gently placing the dormant teen on his bed before locking the door with a complex set of spells and erecting a few small scale wards to ensure no one would notice what he’d be doing.That done, he returned to the bed. The big bed he’d always hated when he was a teen now cradled Harry with its soft pillows and downy blankets. He spend a long moment staring at the slumbering boy before he sat down on the edge and gingerly ran his fingers over his godson’s face.Slowly he traced a path over the pale skin, down the warm throat to the wide neckline of the way too big shirt. A shiver of excitement ran down his spine. Before he would have never guessed himself to be someone that got off on helplessness, but his rapidly forming erection was proof enough. Having the teen utterly at his mercy was deliciously gratifying, his guilt only amplifying his excitement to the point of wanting to defile the boy beyond any hope of redemption.Not that it would be Harry needing the redemption, he thought sardonically. Sirius knew that his actions would guarantee him his own special little spot in Hell, but even that knowledge was not enough to deter his desires.Climbing on the bed he spread Harry’s legs and appreciatively ran his hands over cloth covered thighs before settling between them. The old sweatpants felt soft beneath his fingers and in his sleep Harry sighed almost inaudibly as Sirius teased the skin close to his groin, deft fingers brushing against the forbidden flesh.Breath quickening in anticipation, Sirius grabbed the shirt and pulled it off to reveal his godson’s upper body. Licking his lips he took in the sight, while grinding the tent in his trousers between Harry's legs to relieve some of the tension.Curious, he ran his callused fingers over the sensitive skin of the boy’s abdomen, smirking to feel the muscles twitch at the touch. Not able to resist any longer he started placing open mouthed kisses over the smooth expanses of skin, paying extra attention to lick and suck at the places that caused Harry to let out more tiny sighs. His hands freely explored the unresponsive body while his lips found Harry's nipples and started sucking, tongue laving the hardening nubs till they glistened with saliva, teeth nibbling until the skin was dusky red and swollen.A small sound that could have been a moan reached Sirius’ ears. Fingers tangling in black strands, he grabbed the teen’s head an took possession of his mouth, roughly plundering the wet cavern. Again the boy whimpered, but Sirius knew his sleeping spell wouldn’t allow the boy to wake. Eagerly he deepened his kiss, sucking on a limp tongue and nibbling at rapidly reddening lips. He groaned at the feeling of power that rushed though him, igniting hot flames in his insides. Grabbing the teen’s hips he ground his hard manhood against Harry’s, breath hitching at the sensation.Merlin, he was one sick bastard for getting off on molesting his godson, but heavens, he couldn’t stop. The boy tasted delicious.Growling under his breath he covered the sleeping form with his own, letting his full weight rest upon Harry's smaller frame, pressing the boy deep into the mattress. Burying his fingers in messy hair Sirius ravaged Harry’s mouth once more, leaving not a single place untouched by his tongue.Panting, Sirius sat up and flicked his wand. The sleeping boy making a nondescript noise as the spell positioned him on his hands and knees. Hands shaking, Sirius knelt in front of him and loosened his trousers, freeing his throbbing arousal from its confines. Groaning softly he ran the angry red head over his godson’s lips, reveling in the sight of seeing them glistering with his pre-cum.He tapped Harry’s throat with his wand to ensure he wouldn’t choke the teen, before he pushed the tip of his erection into the unresisting mouth. He groaned at the wet heat enveloping him and buried his fingers in Harry’s hair for more leverage. Slowly he pulled back, before snapping his hips forward and driving his member deep into the spasming throat. Had the boy been awake he surely would have choked and struggled against the intrusion. Asleep he just made a noise of protest as Sirius grounded his pelvis against his fa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sirius Black/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
agalmatophilia
mild biastophilia
Ephebophilia
Raptophilia
nefarious use of magic
Self-Hatred
Animagus Bestiality
Stomach Bulge
Come Inflation
Anal Sex
Blowjobs
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Sleepy/Unconscious Sex
this is so fucked up
so many wrongs
Why Did I Write This?
Smut
Shameless Smut
Kink
Size Kink
Age Difference
Older Man/Younger Man
NSFW
Dark
Filthy
sinful
Dark Magic
Sex Magic
Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
filthiest kind of trash
Non-Consensual Touching
Not Suitable/Safe For Work
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
IF I'M MISSING TAGS PLEASE TELL ME

fandom: 
Sirius Black/Harry Potter

