Chapter 1: No Strings on Me
    




Chapter Text

2nd May 2015
Bleary-eyed, Harry awoke to the sound of his phone ringing. For a moment he questioned where he was; unfamiliar bed sheets, in a vaguely familiar room.But then he remembered, eyeing Peter’s silhouette next to him in the dark. For all that the other teen had sensitive senses, the ringing of Harry’s phone wasn’t enough to drag him from sleep.Harry leaned over the other – careful not to elbow Peter – and retrieved his phone, an incoming call from his dad.“ ‘ello?” Harry said, voice coarse from awaking suddenly.“Harry? You need to come back to the tower. Now.” His Dad said tone broking no argument.Harry had rarely ever heard his father speak in such a way, and as such, he felt himself awaken fully.“Understood,” Harry said, the line going dead the next second.Harry frowned at his phone, but gently shook Peter awake…well, into a form of awareness.“Wot?” Peter said, slowly bringing his duvet over his head.“I’ve got to go, but I’ll text you later?”“uh huh, sure…night Harry,” Peter said, once again falling into sleep. Harry rolled his eyes – the teen used up energy much faster than a normal human, so Peter really needed his beauty sleep.Swapping his sleep clothes for his red robes and breastplate from the tower (with his invisibility cloak appearing and settling on his shoulders), Harry created a portal and stepped through, coming face-to-face with, well, a lot of people, all stood around the centre of the lab.All of the Avengers, plus Rhodey, Sam, Agent Hill, and Doctor Cho. And they looked beat up.Tony was sat on some stairs nearby, looking rather pale.“Er, what’s going on?”“You’ll wanna sit down, kid,” Tony said, shuffling a little on his step. Harry frowned but nodded, sitting next to his father.“What happened?”“That’s what I’d like to know too, Tony?” Steve said – he’d been at the tower for months now, and whilst Harry was still a bit peeved at the guy for his attitude, the team had bonded a little over the course of hunting Hydra bases, enough for Harry to mentally call him ‘Steve’ at least.But Harry wasn’t there for those, so he still regarded the guy with a cold air and a look that said ‘say something mean and I’ll destroy you’.Tony sighed, rubbing his eyes with one hand before pinching the bridge of his nose.“Ultron is, well, was meant to be a global peace-keeping program, created to help us in battles or to help defend the world if anything like Loki happens again-““Not this again Tony,” Steve said with a sigh whilst rubbing his temples.Harry frowned – clearly, this had been a conversation that had been had before, although he must not have been around for it.“We only dented their forces Cap, we needed something to help protect the Earth…Ultron was to be that.”“Can someone just summarise the events for me? We’ll talk about that later.” Harry said, a promise in his words. He didn’t know enough about either side of this conversation to form an opinion, bar wanting to stand against the Captain on principle.“Stark’s pet project turned into a murder-bot, tried to kill us, and has escaped with Loki’s sceptre…oh, and promised to kill us all later too,” Natasha said, earning a few dry looks from the others. No one disagreed though.“Right…ok…wouldn’t Jarvis have tried to stop him though? Assuming Ultron tried to use Stark technology-““He did kid,” Tony said, gesturing to the floor with a hologram-device.The ruined remains of Jarvis’ holographic form floated between them, chunks of orange light broken and scattered around a damaged central core.Incomprehension rooted in Harry’s mind for a precious few moments before succumbing to grief. He stood slowly, mindful of his father next to him, who looked rather small in the room – a sharp contrast to his usual character – and approached the hologram. It flickered on occasion, as if only just hanging onto the image.There was no heat to it, only a slight glow against Harry’s skin as he outstretched a hand…but it hurt.Harry had never really thought about what it would be like to lose someone if he were honest with himself. He’d never known his parents and hadn’t really gotten close to anyone in his old world – not like here…but his dad always made it through, and he guessed…he just thought everyone would.In hindsight, it was a naïve way of thinking.Harry felt his jaw tense and his fingers curl into his palm, the fist made in anger lowering to his side.It was then Thor chose to walk into the room, wearing a glare that would likely halt an army. But Harry was no army, and when Thor saw Tony on the steps and aimed to head in his direction, Harry stood in the way.“Move aside, young Harry.”“No.”The temperature in the room seemed to plummet with that singular word. Harry stared down the god before him as the others looked on; it must have been a truly strange sight to see a fourteen-year-old face off against the god of thunder.But Thor had seen Harry in action back on Asgard, and wisely backed off – albeit it only afte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Found Family
BAMF Harry Potter
BAMF Tony Stark
Fluff
Angst
Parental Tony Stark
Harry Learns Marvel Magic
MCU compliant
Mental Health Aware

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

