Work Text:
If there was one thing that the public misunderstood most about Spiderman, it was that he was the NYPD's public enemy number one.Truth was, Spider-man had been a common fixture in the precinct since he started his superhero gig. To the higher ups of Peter's most frequented precinct, they knew his real name.Peter Parker had been old Ben's little genius, toting him along to bring your kid to work day or allowing him to just hang out by the lobby when his and May's workload were piled too high to be able to stay with him at home.As a child, Peter loved detective shows, preferring them over the usual tom and jerry because of the interesting plot twists that he chanced on. After a few years, he grew to be fond of them because he liked to investigate along with the characters on the screen, taking joy in catching the right person almost every time.The first time Peter Parker really put his skills to good use, it was during one of the times he was staying over at the precinct.They had been investigating a kidnapping case with little to no leads. The kid in question, Tamara, didn't come home from school one day. The parents, two lovely people, Mary and John, had immediately went to the precinct exactly 24 hours later to report her missing and worried sick.Everyone didn't know what to do about it. The only lead they had was the picture Tamara's friend had sent the last time she saw her. They didn't like it but it looked like the case was going to go cold one way or another.At least, that was what they thought until Peter Parker walked in.Peter walked in holding his usual smushed up sandwich from Delmar's and a little soda can, took one look at the distraught face of his uncle, asked about the case and then, looked up at them weirdly, as if they were all idiots.Hesitating for a second, Peter opened his mouth and said. "Her parents are abusive. The picture sent the day she went missing showed she was wearing independence day colors. Her parents reported her missing 'immediately' but independence day was two weeks ago. Either she was really patriotic or her parents just didn't notice her missing for a week. Plus, there's some blue peeking out of her long sleeves. She probably ran away."Then, as if he didn't drop a bomb on the detectives in charge, he blinked innocently at them. "Why are you staring? Did you want me to get everyone a sandwich from Delmar's too?"Needless to say, Peter had become a common fixture in the precinct ever since. He was their little honorary detective. Around the police, they all called him Ace.Why?Well, somehow, he always found a way to connect the dots and got the criminals every. Single. Time.
When Peter first went out as Spider-man, Officer Martin felt that he was vaguely familiar. Like the feeling of déjà vu, familiar but unrecognizable all the same.For a while, the police chased Spider-man down, wanting to know his motives. They quickly learned, however, that Spider-man was probably the most precious and smartest person in the world.At first, he started small. Stopping an occasional mugging and probably a burglary if he got serious. Then he started finding kidnapped children and bringing them to the precinct. After that, he took down the occasional drug ring around the area with other vigilantes.The first time anyone talked to Spider-man for real, face to face, it was their Chief.Chief Brown had been one of Ben's closest friends and, a few months after Ben's death, had risen to Chief position. Obviously, the very moment he met Spider-man, he recognized his honorary nephew's voice behind the mask.It shocked him silly that he couldn't get a word in conversation wise, simply standing there like a limp puppet.It wasn't until the following morning that he really realized the implications of his revelation. The precinct's ace, Peter Parker, was Spider-man. A child. A child!He knew Peter well, having seen him grow up through the years. He knew that if he made Peter stop his night job, he'd somehow find a way to ignore his advice altogether and keep going but without any supervision.So, he had discretely asked for a meeting with Peter and laid down his terms.Spider-man was going to be able to help the police with cases and arrests, essentially functioning as a hero partner of the precinct. In return, he wanted Peter to have a set schedule, a patrol if you will. If he was going to go out late at night, he wanted the kid to at least have some semblance of a schedule.As such, the precinct entered Peter Parker, vigilante extraordinaire, as their hidden ace. No one but the team that handled Spider-man's cases knew about his identity, keeping the numbers as low as possible at 3 people.It worked for them.Recently, they all knew that Peter had taken up an internship at Stark Industries and, as such, had cut back on the hours he'd visit at the precinct. Instead, he started to function as an on-call consultant, investigating from the tower and sending in his analysis online via the Police Report 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & NYPD
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Oblivious Peter Parker
Genius Peter Parker
detective Peter Parker
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & NYPD
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

