Work Text:
Bucky kept his hands in his pockets, fingers stirring restlessly through the collection of quarters and dimes, while the eighth man finished with Steve. Steve had gotten pretty quiet while the last couple of guys took their turns; Bucky doubted he was getting any actual pleasure out of this at all anymore. By now it was only stubbornness keeping him from collapsing completely under the assault. 
Bucky leaned to the side a little, watching the last few hammering thrusts of that cock into the mess of Steve's ass, all stretched and red and wet with the last seven guys' loads. Steve's whole body shook with every blow, and as he watched the guy push home and shake as he came, Bucky thought he should probably call a halt after this one.
He could make another handful of dimes off the last few guys hanging around. He could push this all the way, until Steve ran out of even stubbornness and just fell apart. The guys still waiting were sad sacks, though, too timid to work their way up to the front of the line any sooner. They didn't deserve to be what pushed Steve to the breaking point. 
Bucky gave his best coolly quelling look to the guys still watching; one of them peeled off and slunk away without Bucky having to even say anything. Bucky figured he hadn't been planning to pony up for a fuck anyhow. That just left two, plus the guy still leaning over Steve, huffing and puffing as he came down. He wasn't gonna be any trouble now, and Bucky already had his money.
The guy on Steve moved, and Bucky watched him pull out, one more limp dick slipping from Steve's ass, come dripping after it. He could see the wet, red inside of Steve's hole gaping open a little, and he forced himself to look away. Bucky gave the guy a stone-faced nod as he pushed to his feet and tucked himself back into his pants.
One of the last two waiting stepped forward a little as the eighth one headed out of the alley. Bucky shook his head, stepping between him and Steve. "Shop's closed, pal."
The one who'd been making to step up deflated at that and followed number eight, but the last one lingered. He still didn't come closer, and Bucky risked taking a look down at Steve. He hadn't relaxed at all, still holding himself up on all fours--maybe he knew there was still a possible customer waiting, maybe he was just showing resolve as much in Bucky's direction as anyone else's. Steve could be alone in a room with no one to impress but himself and he'd still find something to be stubborn about until it killed him. 
"I'll pay a full dollar," the man still lingering offered. He wasn't speaking loudly, but his voice carried in the silence of Steve not being fucked right now. "Same as the fella who went first."
Bucky looked him over. The bulge of his cock was visible through his pants, though he hadn't gone so far as to take it out already, which some of the guys in the middle of the line had. He didn't look like he was big enough to give Steve any trouble now, and Steve wasn't--Bucky glanced down again, checking--wasn't really bleeding or anything. He wasn't really hurt, even if this wasn't fun anymore. Fun wasn't the point of this. 
Bucky stepped back to stand by Steve's head, giving the last man a stern look to indicate that he hadn't agreed to anything just yet. Bucky didn't bother saying anything to Steve, just got a grip on his sweaty hair and tugged his head up so Bucky could see his face.
Steve was flushed fever red, and his blue eyes were that same kind of glassy, but he met Bucky's gaze promptly, blinking up at him. 
"Whaddya think?" Bucky said gruffly. "This fella's gonna make it worth my while to let him have you, you gonna beg me to stop him?"
Steve's gaze sharpened at that, enough that Bucky was sure Steve was really there. That made his decision for him even before Steve pursed his red, bitten lips and spat in the general direction of Bucky's shoe. 
Bucky snorted and let go of Steve's hair; he didn't drop his head when Bucky released him, because of course he wouldn't. Bucky tapped his knuckles against Steve's cheek in a quick double-rap, the same way he'd knocked on Mrs. Rogers' door or Steve's window when they were kids. "You're gonna be like that, I'll let him have you for a nickel."
Bucky took his hand away from Steve's cheek before he could give in to the temptation to keep touching him, stepped clear of him and beckoned the last one forward. The stranger reached into his pocket, and Bucky gave him a skeptical look. Bucky would say what he wanted to Steve; this guy wasn't actually getting Steve's ass for a nickel after Bucky had told him once to scram. He didn't argue, though, just handed over the dollar like he'd offered. Bucky nodded judiciously and pocketed it, tucking his hands back in while he was at it. 
The fella knelt down on the rag Bucky had dropped there to protect the knees of his customers' pants, and only unzipped when he was right there between Steve's skinny, shaky thighs. Bucky kept a sharp eye on him, but his co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Under-negotiated Kink
Gangbang
Overstimulation
Possessive Behavior
HYDRA Trash Compactor Challenge
Public Sex
Public Use

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)

