Chapter 1: Loki: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
As usual, it started because Loki was bored.
He’d come with Thor and the other refugee Asgardians back to Midgard since he didn’t really have much of another choice. He’d been surprised when Thor, and even Banner, defended him against the Avengers until it was agreed that he wouldn’t be arrested as long as he behaved and stayed within the Compound.
Hence, why he was bored.
It was so… dull here, as everyone prepared for the battle against Thanos. Thor was caught up in actually being a decent king to Loki’s surprise and Banner was tentatively stepping into a relationship with the Valkyrie, Brunnhilde.
That was a couple even Loki didn’t see coming.
It was very entertaining to see the little Spider react every time she saw them together though. 
And hadn’t that been a surprise to see when they arrived. The Avengers team shattered and forming two distinct sides. Some siding with the Captain who seemed to constantly be reaching out to Stark who radiated hostility around the group of pardoned heroes. His side closed ranks around the genius anytime that the others tried to approach.
Thor didn’t know what to do with the fractured nature of the team but Banner immediately chose Stark, understanding the need for the documents the team had shattered over and also infuriated by the way the Captain had included the little red witch into the team.
There was almost an appearance from the Hulk when he saw her for the first time.
That was about the most interesting thing happening though. Besides the little Hawk’s outbursts every time he saw the trickster.
So Loki was bored.
Which led to all the new drama naturally.
To be fair, it also started with Stark. Although the man was less to blame since he was oblivious to the fact that the Captain was clearly attracted to him and seemed to believe himself in love with the inventor.
Everyone else in the Compound could tell except the genius himself.
The Rogues, as they were dubbed, had taken to trying to give the Captain chances to speak with Stark, to act on these feelings. The rest of the building had taken it upon themselves to prevent this from happening.
Especially Colonel Rhodes. He was the most vicious when it came to protecting his friend.
Loki was impressed with some of the tricks he pulled to keep his friend out of their grasp.
But unfortunately, he couldn’t always be around so Loki wasn’t surprised to walk into the kitchen to find Stark alone and practically cornered by the Rogues.
Now, that wouldn’t do. Stark was one of the more entertaining people to talk to in this building. He was full of spirit and sarcasm and was all too willing to turn around and bite back if Loki started an argument with him.
The Captain, on the other hand, was positively boring and he seemed to infect all those on his side with the same self-righteousness that he carried like a shield.
“Oh what have I walked in on?” he allowed a smirk to stretch his lips, noting with some surprise that Stark lost a minute amount of tension when he spotted Loki.
What did that say about the Captain that Stark felt more at ease in the presence of the alien who had attacked their planet than with the so-called heroes?
“Loki!” Barton spat venomously but Loki ignored him and kept his focus on Stark. The little Hawk had already been warned that one more unprovoked attack on the trickster would result in him being kicked out. The Spider was already reaching out to calm him, watching Loki with sharp, angry eyes.
Loki only watched Stark though. He was standing behind the counter, the only thing between him and the Captain. The others had been very obviously blocking the exits, Loki having given Lang quite a fright when he spoke from behind him.
“An ambush? Among allies? What a thing to see,” Loki let his eyes run over the group, delighting in the way they shifted uncomfortably before returning to look at Stark who had one eyebrow raised questioningly.
That was another thing, Stark didn’t grow uncomfortable under his gaze. In fact, he seemed to take it as a challenge and met Loki’s eyes head-on.
“This isn’t an ambush,” Rogers argued immediately. “We’re just talking.”
“Talking,” Loki drawled. “While preventing Stark from leaving? Quite harmless I see.”
Stark’s lips twitched up into an amused smirk briefly before dropping again as he glared at Rogers when the man continued speaking.
“We wouldn’t have to do this if Tony wouldn’t stop avoiding us-”
“I’ve got a damn good reason for that Rogers,” the inventor snarled, hands gripping the counter tightly.
The Captain sighed like he was dealing with an unruly child and something about that made Loki bristle. When they were younger, Thor would do the same, tired from dealing with Loki’s ‘clinginess’ or ‘oversensitivity’. Thor was better now but the Captain was bringing those memories up again.
“I would certainly say so. Betrayal is never to be taken lightly. I would be surprised if any of the people I betrayed were so keen to put themselve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Loki Does What Loki Wants (Marvel)
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Oblivious Tony Stark
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

