Work Text:
"Hey, Bucky!" Clint yelled into the kitchen. "What the hell are you doing in there? Introducing your left arm to the microwave?""They're having a death match. Winner fights the coffee machine," Bucky yelled back."Maybe he got attacked by the fridge magnets," Tony muttered, still staring at the television. "Seriously, why do we let Thor pick the movies? Ever?""Because he has better taste than you do," Natasha said, and Thor gave her one of his typically blinding grins and threw his arm around her, pulling her closer against his side."You say that now, Nat, but just wait until they use Windows 95 to take down a whole—""We've all seen the movie before, Tony," Bruce said with his typical mildness."Shh. I'm trying to watch," Steve said, though he immediately turned his head to shout into the kitchen. "Though it'd be really nice to have some more popcorn!""Fuck off," Bucky responded pleasantly. Steve grinned, then heard the beep of the microwave buttons and the hum as it started working. "And I would'a made the popcorn already, but Thor managed to put his hammer right in front of the microwave.""My apologies, Bucky," Thor said, gently dislodging Natasha. "I didn't intend to set Mjölnir down so carelessly. I'll come move it." He stood up."Naw, it's fine. I got it," Bucky said."Very well," Thor said, smiling contritely. "I hope you didn't have to move the microwave overly much.""Nope." Steve heard the grin in Bucky's voice. "Your hammer's lighter than I thought it'd be, though—I put my back into it and almost smashed the damn cupboard. Seriously, Thor, you should warn a guy."Everyone stopped dead, so the only sounds came from the TV and the popping corn in the microwave. Then everyone turned to look at the kitchen."J, kill the TV," Tony ordered, and the screen went dark. He looked at Steve, his eyes very wide. "Did Vanilla Ice in there say what I think he said?""I think so," Steve said roughly. "Bucky," he called to him, then had to clear his throat. "Did you just say you picked up Mjölnir?""Sure," Bucky said, sounding confused. He walked back into the living room with Thor's hammer in his right hand. He was flipping it casually, like a baton. He blinked at how everyone was staring at him. "What?""This is a prank, right?" Tony stood up. His eyes were still huge and he kept swiveling his head between Bucky and Thor. "It's a fake, isn't it? You're punking us."If anything Thor looked more shocked than Tony. "I assure you, that is Mjölnir. I brought no other.""What the hell's going on?" Bucky was getting anxious, Steve could tell—his eyes were darting among the other Avengers like he was assessing threats, and he stopped spinning the hammer, changed his grip so he was holding it like the weapon it was."Easy, Bucky. It's okay," Steve said. He stood as well and went to him. Steve was trying to smile, but he was feeling so many things at once that he had no idea what really showed on his face: amazement; satisfaction; wonder; pride; joy… And yeah, there was a bit of jealousy there too. Steve couldn't do more than budge the hammer an inch or so; he'd never lifted it. "It's just…" He shook his head helplessly, then gave up on trying to explain and hugged him instead. "I'm so proud of you, Bucky," he finally managed."Why?" Bucky asked, obviously bewildered now. He automatically hugged Steve with his left arm, still holding the hammer in his other hand. "So I can pick up Thor's hammer. What's the big deal?""You don't know? Seriously?" Clint asked."Know what?" Bucky stepped away from Steve. He didn't look like he was expecting a fight anymore, but he'd re-started nervously spinning the hammer around and around in his hand."None of us can pick up Mjölnir, other than Thor," Bruce said. He smiled self-consciously. "Steve and I have been able to move it, once or twice, but that's all."Bucky frowned at him, then down at Mjölnir. "That doesn't make any sense. It's just a big hammer. I've carried rifles heavier than this.""It's not the weight," Natasha said."Indeed it is not." Thor strode forward and clapped his big hands on Bucky's shoulders, beaming at him. "I never imagined I would see anyone of Midgard lift Mjölnir. This is truly wondrous!" He grappled Bucky into a bear hug, laughing over his surprised yelp. Bucky almost dropped the hammer, then looked like he was thinking of fending Thor off with it before finally just submitting to his rib-creaking enthusiasm. Thor was shamelessly teary when he let Bucky go.Bucky stumbled back a step, then looked around at everyone, a little wild-eyed. "What the hell's going on?""Great question, freeze pop." Tony was standing with his arms crossed, glaring at Thor. "Supposedly ren faire's hammer is a special snowflake that can only be lifted by people it—""She," Thor corrected.Tony rolled his eyes. "She deems worthy. Which has been a grand total of no one except Thor. Until now."Bucky transferred his wild-eyed stare to Tony. "Worthy of what?""Well, that's the sixty-four thousand dolla
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Self-Worth Issues
Friendship
Avengers Movie Night
Mjolnir - Freeform
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
So Does Steve Rogers
But They're Still Worthy
Tony Being Tony
Thor Is a Good Bro
Mjölnir Is a Good Sis
Bucky Barnes' Ridiculous Moose Hoodie

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

