Chapter 1: Berserkr & Mate
    




Chapter Text

 Loki POV 
Loki woke with a gasp.Pain wracked through him, but it was chased away almost immediately by a warm flare of  seidr . He shuddered at the feeling, green eyes blinking sightlessly up his as vision blurred, tears sliding down his face.“Your highness.” Came a muted voice through the fog that was slowly receding from his mind. “Prince Loki, please lie still; you have been injured.” Obviously  . Was his first cognizant thought, as he worked his way fully back to consciousness. His own  seidr  was nearly drained, so the healing magic being pumped through him was sucked down eagerly by the void inside of him.Loki was careful not to move, knowing well enough without the Healer’s admonishment that he had been close to death. He should have  been dead.“Thor.” He gritted out, his breath a gasp around the familiar word. “Is he-”“Hush.” The admonishment made Loki clench his teeth tighter, frustration winning out over the pain. “You must focus on healing. We were perilously close to losing you, my prince.”Loki tried to aim a glare at the woman, but didn’t dare move his head. His collarbone was still shattered, and his left shoulder had just been completely reknit from where it had been torn apart. His arm had almost been completely shorn from his body.His head would have been taken from his shoulders had Thor not gotten to him in time.
 Thor. 
Seething, Loki settled, turning his focus inward as he willed himself to heal  faster . He dropped into a meditative trance, trying to push out the worry that threatened to consume him.The Healer would have answered him properly had Thor been well. The fact that she had avoided his question could only mean ill tidings for his brother.He needed to get  out. Back onto the battlefield, or wherever Thor had ended up.Loki let his consciousness slip again as he allowed his body to focus purely on healing itself, a state that, to a casual observer, appeared to be sleep, but was instead something much closer to being in a coma. He reached down deep within himself, to a reserve of  seidr  he scarcely knew he had, and  pulled.*** “Where is he?” Loki demanded.Volstagg looked up at him from his own cot in the Healer’s tent, his face a mess of bruises, his leg in a splint. His red hair was so matted with dried blood that it had turned brown.The older man’s eyes spoke for him as they cut away from Loki’s guiltily.“Where.” Loki hissed, leaning down, his own hair falling freely around his face, black tendrils wild. “ Is he .” “You should be resting, my prince.” Volstagg stated, moving to sit up. “Let others look after Thor -” “What others might those be?” Loki demanded. “Seeing as you can barely walk, and Fandral, Hogun, and Sif are still unconscious? Is he out there, alone, on the battlefield, with none of his shieldbrothers to support him?”Odin had only recently begun to trust the command of a full contingent of the army to Thor alone, as the older brother was now in his 1,300th year, so they didn’t have their father and the greater part of Asgard’s forces to fall back on if Thor had fallen.Volstagg looked guilty again, and stopped trying to sit up. He looked defeated, worry etched across his face. The fear in Loki’s breast doubled, and he leaned closer, eyes desperate.“At least tell me what happened!” He demanded of the other man. “No one will tell me what has become of him!”“They do not wish to worry you, Loki.” Volstagg hedged. “We don’t want you to do anything rash-““Tell me!” Loki demanded, voice low and threatening. “As your prince, I command you to  tell me!” Breathing out a sigh of defeat, the older man finally answered. “Prince Thor saw you fall during the battle, and he thought you dead. He... well, he just seemed to snap.”Loki watched him, eyebrows raised in confusion, waiting for further clarification. “He-he appears... to be in a  Berserkr  rage, my prince  .” “That’s-” Loki blinked, stepping back in disbelief. “There hasn’t been a berserkr in nearly a millennia.”Volstagg looked grim. “It was... There could be no question of it. I’ve never seen the like, not on any battlefield before now. The last  Berserkr  were active during my youth, before I’d even been allowed out of the training yards. But the stories... they couldn’t have done it justice. He was... It was like he’d gone mad. Attacking friend, foe... We tried to stop him, but...”Loki’s worry only increased  as the older man trailed off, gaze lost. “Where was he last seen? Has anyone been taking note of his movements?”“Prince Loki, you cannot be thinking of going after him!” Volstagg cried. “He was the one who felled Sif, Hogan, and Fandral. I was only able to escape most of his wrath because I recognized the signs and rallied our troops to retreat, but the others still tried to stop him. He  could not recognize them! He might kill you!”“I am his brother.” Loki replied, a sense of surety in his voice that he almost didn’t feel. “And we cannot simply let him alone. You 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Pre-Thor (2011)
Canon Divergence - Pre-Thor (2011)
Porn With Plot
Pseudo-Incest
Blood and Violence
Berserker Thor (Marvel)
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Jotunn Thor (Marvel)
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Jotunn Biology (Marvel)
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Sort Of
Top Thor (Marvel)
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Hung!Thor
Virgin Loki (Marvel)
Virginity or Celibacy Kink
Obsession
controlling thor
(relating to Loki's virginity)
Possessive Thor (Marvel)
Manipulative Loki (Marvel)
Loki/OMC (brief)
Idiots in Love
Hardcore
Explicit Sexual Content
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Dubious Consent
Vaginal Fingering
Rough Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Squirting
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Facials
Mates
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dom Thor (Marvel)
Sub Loki (Marvel)
Sadist Thor
Masochist Loki
Pregnancy Kink
Deepthroating
Saliva/Spit
Cock Warming
Cameltoe Riding
BDSM
Under-negotiated Kink
Cock Rings
Spreader Bars
Choking
Spanking
Anal Plug
Paddling
Caning
Lady Loki
Domme Lady Loki
non con
Being Walked In On
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Sub Thor (Marvel)
(brief) - Freeform
spitting
Titty Fucking
Face-Sitting
Face-Fucking
Blindfolds
Pussy Spanking
Extremely Rough Sex
Rut
Chastity Device
Spit As Lube
Thor/OFCs (brief)
Urethral Sounding
Fisting
Double Penetration
Erotic Electrostimulation
Cervix Penetration
Knotting
Breeding
Come Inflation
belly bulge
Consensual Somnophilia
Cock Cages
Piercings
Nipple Piercings
Genital Piercing

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

