Chapter 1: You Need To Trust Me
    




Chapter Text
 I’m going to die. I don’t want to die. Jemma huddled on the floor of the van, arms wrapped around her head, flinching away from contact with the boots of the men seated at the sides.She’d been in town picking up supplies, had intended to cook a nice dinner for the team to celebrate Hunter and Bobbi’s second engagement. And then, outside the market putting the groceries in the car, a sweet-smelling cloth was suddenly clamped to her face and the world went black.She woke up on the floor of a moving vehicle, her hands zip-tied together in front of her. And since they hadn’t bothered to hood or blindfold her, and the men in there with her hadn’t got their faces covered, they clearly had no intention of letting her live. She huddled into a tighter ball and tried not to sob.“It’s the wrong fucking one!” the man they dragged her before shouted at his men in a thick German accent. “You got the wrong woman – you incompetent idiots!” He gestured to someone across the room, and another man came striding towards them. Jemma’s eyes widened with terror. She knew that face, the black hair and even darker eyes, the swarthy good looks. She’d seen Brock Rumlow around S.H.I.E.L.D. before HYDRAgate. The handsome STRIKE commander had even caught her looking once and winked at her flirtatiously before she blushed and fled.“Crossbones, they got the wrong one. Dispose of her.”“Sir,” Rumlow nodded, and his massive hand clamped around Jemma’s upper arm, yanking her to her feet.“Please, at least kill me quickly,” was all Jemma could make herself whimper as he hauled her towards the door.He froze for the barest instant, looking down at her. Then he turned his head and spoke to the German. “She’s pretty enough to suit my tastes, sir. Mind if I have a little fun with her first?”The German laughed. “Take your time.”Jemma almost hyperventilated as Rumlow dragged her out of the room, down a seemingly endless series of corridors and finally shoved her into a small room, kicking the door shut behind them. There was a bed there, and he pushed her down on it, coming down on top of her to cover her with his body. His lips closed over hers before she could scream. She fought, trying to bite him, but it was utterly hopeless; he was far stronger than her, pinning her down, grabbing both her wrists in one big hand and dragging them over her head.And then, much to her everlasting astonishment, he pulled back and whispered in her ear; “Shh. You need to trust me. I’ll get you out of here.” Brock watched as his soulmate’s tear-filled eyes went wide with shock. He’d hated frightening her like that, but he knew only too well that every inch of this place outside his own quarters was under tight surveillance. What a fucking awful time to meet her; but considering the words that had been written on his ass for twenty-seven years, since he was a green military recruit, he’d known it wouldn’t exactly be under ideal circumstances.“I don’t want you. You’re a traitor,” she hissed back softly, obviously taking her cue from his quietness.“I’m Fury’s top man in HYDRA,” he breathed in her ear, stroking her hair back from her tear-damp cheeks. “Or I was. You just trashed that, sweetheart, because I’m gonna have to blow my cover to get you to safety.”Jemma hardly dared to breathe. Could it be true? But – what choice did she have but to trust him? She looked up into his midnight eyes. He was older than her, mid-forties at the least, but still extraordinarily good-looking. And her soulmate. Surely he couldn’t be all bad. “What do you need me to do?” she whispered at last.“I’m sorry. But we need to make it sound and look good. I’m not going to rape you, but I’m going to tear your clothes up and put a bruise or two on you. Here,” he lifted her hand, pressed her nails into his stubbled cheek. “See if you can raise some blood.”He didn’t hit her, but instead used pressure and pinches of his rough fingers to put a few strategic bruises on her pale skin, his eyes agonised, gently kissing each mark after it formed and whispering how sorry he was, that he’d never hurt her again. He asked her to hit him instead, use the flat of her hand to create the sound of heavy blows striking flesh, told her to scream and beg and cry while he growled obscenities.It was ugly and awful and insanely arousing. In the middle of it all Jemma couldn’t quite help herself from fisting her hands in his dark hair and dragging him down for a proper kiss, deep and hungry.The smile she got when he lifted his head was breathtaking. “Later, beautiful,” he whispered, before ripping her blouse half-off with a loud snarl. His breath stuttered as he looked at her breasts, and their eyes met in silent acknowledgement that next time he did this, the outcome would be very different.Brock opened a small wound in his own leg and smeared blood over her, whispering apologies, promising that he was clean, before bandaging the wound and covering it. An hour or so aft
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Brock Rumlow/Jemma Simmons
James "Bucky" Barnes/Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Rumlow redemption fic
just because he's too sexy IMHO
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Rough Sex
Light Dom/sub
Dom Rumlow
Sort of Sub Jemma
But she's still lippy with it
She just likes her bit of rough trade
Kidnapping
threatened rape
Rumlow porn
because Rumlow porn needs to be a tag
if anyone writes any please tag it Rumlow porn
I had to write this because there wasn't any!
not het anyway

fandom: 
Brock Rumlow/Jemma Simmons
James "Bucky" Barnes/Skye | Daisy Johnson

