Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Sansa felt her shoulders loosen for perhaps the first time in years. She stared at her brother, he was cradling a bowl of warm soup in his hands. “I wasn’t sure you would come.” 
“You are my sister. Where else would I go the moment I was free to come?” Jon’s eyes were the familiar wells of quiet sorrow from childhood, only it was deeper now. But then they’d all faced horror since then. “I would have come sooner if I could.” 
Sansa looked at her brother. “How is it that you are free to come?” 
“I am no longer a member of the Night’s Watch.” He looked at her, weighing his words. “I died, and I was brought back.” 
She wished she didn’t know exactly why she believed him instantly. “I see, will they call for your return?” 
“No?” Jon seemed to frown ever so slightly, clearly not expecting the easy acceptance of his apparent death and resurrection. 
That was good. “What do you plan on doing?” 
“You mean what are we planning. Father’s ghost would come back to kill me if I didn’t protect you.” He gave a look at the walls of the Lord’s solar of Winterfell they were currently sitting in. “Though I’m not sure you need my help.” 
Her lips twitched ever so slightly. “It’s been an interesting month.” She turned solemn as her eyes went back to the fire. “Do you remember when we were children? When father let us roast nuts and sit on the rug in here.” 
“Aye, and Old Nan would send up hot cider and he’d tell us tales of our ancestors.” Jon’s face was wistful. 
Sansa had always been more interested in mother’s tales of the south. How foolish she’d been, in so many ways. “We were happy then.”
“We never should have left.” Jon’s voice was rough, a deep timber so similar to their father’s. 
Sansa felt the same emotion. The ache of past regrets. “Don’t you wish we could go back to the day we left. I want to scream at myself, don’t go, you idiot.”
“How could we have known?” Jon asked, the sorrow still in his voice. It was as good as saying he thought the same as well.
Which she regretted more than her stupidity in wanting to go south. “I spent a lot of time thinking about what an ass I was to you. I wish I could change everything.”
“We were children.” He protested, an easy defence of her. 
Sansa huffed, warmth suffusing her bones as she sat here besides her brother. “I was awful, just admit it.”
“You were occasionally awful. But I’m sure I couldn’t have been grateful, always sulking in the corner while the rest of you played.” Jon gently joked, his eyes crinkling as he smiled. 
She felt soft as she felt the freedom to tease, yet needing the answer all the same. “Can you forgive me?”
“Nothing to forgive.” He replied so easily as if childhood hurts and insults had been nothing. 
Sansa let her voice firm ever so slightly, her affection and love for her brother suffusing it. “Forgive me.” And this time she insisted. 
“Alright, alright I forgive you.” He smiled then, and it was like the years fell away. Even if for a few moments. 
She held out her hand, taking his and squeezing gently. “Thank you.” Sansa swallowed as she considered the situation she was in. The precarious knife’s edge she sat on, death and ruin on either side should she fall. 
Jon clearly saw the change in mood. "How do you plan to hold Winterfell?"
"Don't you mean we?" His news of White Walkers and terrors beyond the wall seemed far away from the warmth and safety of the room.
He gave her a kind look of understanding. "Aye, how do you think we can hold Winterfell?"
Sansa looked at the fire. "We need the Lords of the North to acknowledge House Stark as Wardens once more. And we have no great victory to rally support from." She tipped her head up. "But we will not lose our home again. It is ours, yours, mine, Arya’s, Rickon's and Bran's wherever they are."
"Do you have an army? Support? I only know the rumors that a god turned House Bolton to ash." Jon looked at her clearly hoping for some sort of explanation. 
She stood, still facing the fire. The heat licking at her. "The side of the heart tree exploded, a woman and a man fell out. Roose thought them old gods come as blessings on the eve of his victory." How to describe what happened after? "The woman regained consciousness rapidly. She was worried for the man. She feared their travel from the realm of gods had damaged him. Roose ordered Maester Wolkan to attend to them, he also ordered for a feast to be prepared. The woman was quiet….when she was not with her male companion she asked questions, but was polite. On her third day Roose took her personally on a tour of the grounds. Something happened in the courtyard."
Jon didn't interrupt, just silently listened. His brow furrowed in a deep frown.
"I believe Roose had begun to doubt whether she was god or merely a charlatan. She wasn't, she is one of the old gods. Whatever was said she took insult. The guards in the yard, their heads snapped where they stood without being touched." Sansa had been looking down from the window when it had started
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jon Snow & Sansa Stark & Arya Stark & Rickon Stark
Leo Fitz & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Sansa Stark/Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
Accidental Portals
Family Bonding
The Boltons Are Very Dead
Women In Power
Northern politics
There must always be a Stark in Winterfell
Old Gods
Daisy Cause's a Religious Crisis
Court Politics
Logistics of Country Building and Winter Preparations
Fitz and Daisy Have a Pack of Issues
s6 Agents of SHIELD
s6 Game of Thrones
Jon Snow Needs a Hug
Sansa Stark Needs a Hug
Weird Mix of Book and Show
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Skye | Daisy Johnson is Bi
How To Build a Cult
Slow Burn
So Slow the Ice Age Might Happen First

fandom: 
Jon Snow & Sansa Stark & Arya Stark & Rickon Stark
Leo Fitz & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Sansa Stark/Skye | Daisy Johnson

