Chapter 1: a star across my sky
    




Chapter Text
—X— “Aunt Cass, honestly, I’m fine!”The woman who had been his everything for the past 18 years turned and gave him a glare that made him glad to be in the hospital.“Fine?” She hissed, eyes narrowing, “Do you know how much blood was in the garage?”Hiro blinked, shrinking down before shrugging. “I don’t know.”“Too much,” she snapped, “if the garage looks like a murder scene, I refuse to believe that you’re ‘fine’. No young man, you’re going to get those stitches and then we’re going to go home and you’re going to clean up all that blood from the walls.”Hiro opened his mouth to protest before thinking better and shutting it with a sigh. He sat back in the uncomfortable plastic chairs in the waiting room and awaited his fate.They were in the emergency room of the hospital Cass had always taken him to ever since he was a baby: San Fransokyo General. The place was (sadly too) familiar but, all familiarity aside, Hiro still hated coming here.Of course, no sane person really liked to come to the hospital, but usually their fears varied from the whole blood, death, and sickness thing. Hiro had a different reason for hating the place and it had more to do with the people themselves who frequented the hospital rather than their injuries, sickness, or what have you. There were always people around and Hiro absolutely hated it. He would’ve preferred staying at home with his robots and Mochi who would always be happy to cuddle, hell, even working in the café was tolerable. At least he knew the good majority of the people who came there. Dealing with people would always be stressful for Hiro, but in places where he considered home it was like being stuck in an uncomfortable conversation with an acquaintance—awkward, but manageable; at the hospital however…He slumped further down into the hard plastic chair and wished as hard as he could for the whole situation to whiz on by.  Every time he came here, he always somehow got stuck with the grumpiest doctors who would make less than nice comments about his aunt’s care and the many ‘accidents’ they have on file for him. Hiro absolutely hated it. Maybe he should look into some online classes and try to get a nursing degree or something—it didn’t sound all that interesting to him if he was honest, but if it got him to not step foot in a hospital again he’d be happy to learn.He was working on getting his phone out of his pants pocket when his name was called."Hamada Hiro?"The smooth voice caught his attention, and, just like that, all thoughts of hospitals being the worst place on Earth was swept out of his mind because—oh God, was that his doctor?His face was– mmrgh, and wow he had to be the fittest doctor, look at the way those muscles rippled under that white coat. Around him, Hiro could see other patients in waiting blushing when Hot Doctor’s gaze swept over on them and he honestly couldn’t blame them. The doctor was Hot with a burning capital H with broad shoulders that seemed to go on for miles, and a face that sort of made Hiro want to whimper aloud; Hiro had never wanted to offer someone his virgin body as hard as he did right then."Is there a Hamada Hiro?" Hot Doctor said again, and wow, he went from smoking hot to adorable puppy with a little eyebrow action, what even.Wow, Hiro never wanted to just watch someone for a whole day before. He was prepared to just sit back too, watch him look around some more, maybe hear him say his name again, but before he could set his plan into motion a sharp pinch made him jump from his seat with a loud yelp. All eyes swiveled to him and he blushed furiously when he realized that Hot Doctor was part of the group."Hamada Hiro?" Hot Doctor asked, a kind smile on his lips."Uh y-yeah," he stuttered, "that’s me." He raised a hand and waved, belatedly noticing the disgusted looks people gave him before he realized that the hand he had raised was currently sloppily wrapped in bloody bandages. Riiight, injured, that was still a thing.He dropped it and clutched the arm to himself as he made his way over, but unlike the other people in the waiting room, Hot Doctor had this look on his face that was a perfect blend between amused and worried. And oh God, please don’t let him be one of those doctors who actually genuinely cared. He was already ridiculously hot and probably disgustingly smart, he couldn’t be genuinely kind either.“Please be an asshole,” Hiro whispered as he followed the man through the halls.Hot Doctor turned to look over his shoulder, one eyebrow raised, “Did you say something?”“Nope, no, n-nothing!” He flailed his arm before forcing himself to stop, laughing nervously.Hot Doctor, instead of calling him a freak of nature or anything in that line, let out a chuckle that had the little hairs on the back of Hiro’s neck rising and his heart stuttering awkwardly in his chest. He mentally groaned because, oh this was so unfair. . “You’ll need stitches,” Hot Doctor said offhandedly whe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

freeform: 
Hot Doctor!Tadashi
Flustered/Recluse!Hiro
Hiro Hamada & Tadashi Hamada are Not Related
Aged-Up Character(s)
yes hello the hot doctor is here
hiro gets hurt a lot bc he's a klutz
aunt cass is hama-done with hiro's shit
Graphic Description of Injuries
Alternate Universe
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Bullying
genius!Tadashi
bc no one can ever tell me otherwise ok i will fight you on this
aunt cass is amazing
dumpsters
bc this ship is trash haha get it
Slow Burn
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
but from minor characters
Minor Gogo Tomago/Honey Lemon

fandom: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

