Work Text:

“You should let me go.”

You groaned, rolling your eyes. “And you should stop talking.”

“Talking is the only liberty you and your 

immaculate organization

 have granted me. I will continue to take advantage of it.”

“Take too much advantage of it and we’ll take it away,” you countered.

You weren’t looking at the prisoner behind you, but you could hear his cocky chuckle and envision the conniving look on his face when he whispered, “I’d like to see you try.”

The prisoner in question, was none other than Loki Odinson, or Loki Laufeyson, depending on which part of his timeline he was on and frankly what kind of mood he was in that day. You were pretty sure right now he was going by Laufeyson, but when Maxwell from the BR department - Being Relations, to be more specific - tried asking him, Loki just growled.

Fitting.

After a swift escape with the Tesseract, Loki practically landed in the lap of the TVA. He was well known, of course, since the TVA had labelled him a Being of High Value. He was powerful, intelligent, gifted with magic, and born of one race and raised by another, both of which being some of the strongest in existence. It made Loki a vital prisoner, a person that perhaps was worth more than a jumpsuit, handcuffs, and a few thousand years behind bars. Due to his impressive capabilities, the TVA were now considering actually adding him to the organization - under deep surveillance of course.

That was where you came in.

Since Loki was a Being of High Value, you had spent a long time studying him. Every interaction he had, every event he participated in, every scornful look and sarcastic smile - you knew it all. Your partner, Mobius, also knew all of these things, but he was a bit more favorable with the all seeing eyes of the TVA masters, so while he bargained for Loki’s somewhat freedom, you were left guarding Loki until he returned with good news, bad news, or a death sentence. 

But really, watching Loki wouldn’t be such a difficult task if he wasn’t such a difficult person. For hours now, he was pestering you and trying to crack your resolve. Granted, you should have expected that, considering how much you knew about him, but 

shit

, if he didn’t make you go crazy before Mobius got back, you might just kick the guy out into the void between space and time yourself. 

Your one salvation in all of this was that he was handcuffed and collared with gadgets to suppress his magic. At least 

he

 couldn’t kick 

you

 out into the void between space and time.

Hopefully.

“So...how long have you been with the almighty glorious TVA?” Loki asked.

“Long enough,” you answered blandly. “You know, you really shouldn’t be talking this much.”

“Is talking to my captor not allowed?” Loki deadpanned, the clink of his handcuffs indicating that he was shuffling around. 

“It isn’t encouraged,” you responded.

“Then I’d like to do it even more,” he chuckled. There was more rustling, more clinking. You glanced over your shoulder at him, but Loki was still sitting at the little metal table passively. He smiled at you and you huffed, turning back around. 

You didn’t have to not look at him, but after so long of studying Loki and watching him, you became somewhat fascinated by him. You empathized with him, knowing the struggles and pain he had felt for so long. There was a desire to tell him that in all of these great, grand universes, he wasn’t alone. And through all of that, buried deep inside of you, there was an attraction to him. It was hard not to be attracted to Loki. He was charming, smart, beautiful, and all of those things mixed together created the perfect concoction of a man worth wanting. You couldn’t let Loki figure that out, however. Any indication that you might have a softness towards him would offer room for him to break you open and figure out how to manipulate you and let him escape.

“Why won’t you look at me?” Loki questioned - 

clink, clink, clink

. You growled and looked at him again, though nothing suspicious seemed to be happening. He was just...sitting there, looking at you, curious. You took a deep breath, a sudden chill running through your body. 

“Is that better?” you asked, trying not to feel your heart race in your chest at the wicked glimmer in his admittedly really pretty eyes - eyes you never thought you’d actually look into in person. 

“Much.” Loki smirked, eyeing your face up and down. “You are quite easy to look at. Soft features. Nice eyes. Lips that -”

“Enough.” You turned back around, swallowing thickly. 

Loki chuckled behind you - 

clink, clink

. “Fine then. You’ll make this easier for me.”

You furrowed your brows at his words. “What -” But as you spoke, you noticed your breath coming out in a chilled cloud. Frost was slowly climbing up the walls, increasing the shake of your cold bones. Ice began creeping up your left boot, locking you to the floor. You turned before your right boot and legs became encased in ice, and your eyes widened at what 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
loki (marvel) & you

freeform: 
Smut
Shameless Smut
Table Sex
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Prison Sex
Prisoner Loki (Marvel)
Dom/sub
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Praise Kink
Dirty Talk
Cunnilingus
Vaginal Fingering
Fingerfucking
Finger Sucking
Hair-pulling
Handcuffs
Doggy Style
Spanking
POV Second Person
no y/n
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Bondage

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
loki (marvel) & you

