Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The morning was cold, even by the standards of Jotunheim. Prince Loki stood among the greeting party, all in full court regalia, waiting for the guests to arrive. Loki refused to quail as King Laufey glared in his direction. Obviously his sire was trying to figure out if his youngest son was in fact properly present, or if a cloned image stood instead in his place. Loki was not so daring as to duck his responsibilities today, and not simply because of the risk of provoking his sire's anger. The stakes were higher than even that. He had made every effort to present himself well, too, beyond his usual vanity. His horned silver circlet was polished to near-glowing, as were his vambraces; his kilt was pressed beautifully, and his furs soft and sleek to the touch. Simple, but elegant.Also, in truth, he was curious about these visitors, what they might look like, sound like. He wanted to get a glimpse of the crown prince of Asgard more than he wanted to please his sire. Laufey had warned everyone present, each one a noble or a general, that the smallest mistake could cost them the return of the Casket, after so many years waiting for this moment to come.For the first time in a generation, the roof of the palace of Utgard blossomed with the colours of the Bifrost. A gasp went up from the greeting party as the ground trembled, despite Laufey’s prior warnings to all present to hold onto their dignity. Loki had to admit it was an astonishing sight, and more than worthy of those sounds of awe. The kaleidoscope beam pulsed with power for a moment, and then withdrew, revealing a sight just as astonishing and rare to Jotunn eyes...Prince Thor of Asgard. Loki hated him immediately. This wasn’t entirely true, of course. Loki could not quite claim to hate Thor Odinson on sight. He had hated him, or the idea of him, from the time he had been old enough to understand the history shared by their two realms, but never more so than in the weeks leading up to this. So, finally, after much anticipation, the Asgardian visiting party had arrived. Loki could not help thinking of them as an Asgardian raiding party, however. The Odinson and his companions were invited and honoured guests, true, but their purpose was to take what they could from Jotunheim, as far as Loki could see.Thor was as golden and beautiful as the sparse rumours that reached Utgard had suggested, with broad shoulders and yellow sunshine in his mane of hair. Loki was somewhat disappointed to see that Thor was also likely slightly larger than he.  Blast it. I am not even as tall or as broad as an Aes warrior. However, Thor’s companions were of diverse shapes and sizes. Perhaps Loki might seem of a relatively typical size to them. It would be a novelty to be able to look at someone on his level while conversing.If they bothered conversing. No-one in Utgard knew quite what to expect from their Asgardian visitors, not even Laufey, though none would say that aloud, of course. Everyone accepted that this two day visit would be entirely on the visitors’ terms. Jotunheim had petitioned for this visit, and was therefore a supplicant, not an equal in any sense. Loki felt bile rise as he thought of how humiliating this visit by the Asgardians was likely to be, and suspected he was not the only one. But they may decide to return the Casket of Winters to us, was the unspoken hope held by all around him, and indeed all in the palace from the meanest kitchen boy right up the king himself. No matter that there were no guarantees, and that the Jotunn could not realistically refuse any request from their Asgardian guests for fear of further enraging the so-called Protector of the Nine Realms, Odin Borson. So, his son, Prince Thor, was to be afforded all the courtesies and privileges that he could expect or demand.Loki therefore already despised him. Nevertheless, it was incumbent upon him too to be courteous and warm to these reavers, and facilitate their whims, give whatever they asked for. They would find little to take in Jotunheim, in any case. Jotunheim had nothing left to give, except perhaps her dignity. It would be worth it,  was the dark unspoken thought of all in the palace.  If they return to us the Casket, and Jotunheim can live again. Laufey inclined his head a fraction and spoke words of welcome to the Asgardians. He got a terse nod in return from the blond prince. As the royal family and the royal council of Jotunheim was introduced one by one to Thor and his companions, Thor did not bother to hide a shudder, and acknowledged each Jotunn with a jerk of his head, moving on to the next person before Laufey had quite finished introducing them. Until he came to Loki. Thor stared at Loki for long seconds, and near enough looked him up and down, taking all of him in. Loki tried not to scowl. He was accustomed to being stared at by new arrivals to the palace, small as he was, but he did not wish to be scrutinised and found wanting by this arrogant 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Angst
Loki and Thor Are Not Related (Marvel)
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Intersex Jotunn (Marvel)
Top Thor (Marvel)
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Forced Marriage
Arranged Marriage
Dubious Consent
Thor is smitten
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
First Kiss
Loss of Virginity
Romance
Misunderstandings
Cultural Differences
Minor Character Death
Mpreg
Light BDSM

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

