Work Text:
"You need to create healthy boundaries for yourself, Mr. Stark."Looking at the spider kid who was carefully rewrapping his wounds, Tony sighed ruefully. For some weird reason, - no, Rhodey, it ISN'T fatherly instincts - Tony had gotten himself attached to the kid.Quite frankly, Peter Parker was brilliant.The boy's mind was as quick as a whip, easily understanding the ins and outs of whatever he was reading. This was something he found out when, one day, Peter had gotten lost in the tower. Tony had been patiently waiting for the kid in his lab. Sue him, he was excited. It wasn't every day that he had someone who was equally interested in robotics and literally anything that moved as himself.When he realized that Peter had kept him waiting for around an hour already, Tony suddenly remembered the vow he told himself in the confines of the lonely Stark mansion when he was a child.
People hurt you.
Except, Tony really didn't expect this out of the resident angelic being, Peter Parker.It hurt more than he'd care to admit.Perhaps it was because he had gone through betrayal after betrayal, but Tony didn't really think there would be other situations that came into play. It was only after he asked FRIDAY whether she thought Peter would actually come did he found out the real situation.Peter had arrived 10 minutes before the meeting time and had promptly gotten himself lost. After that, he wandered around the tower until, finally, he arrived at the R&D department.Finding interest in the writings on the black board, Peter had taken to erasing the department's mistakes and solved the problem in 10 minutes flat.Then, Peter couldn't leave because the interns were asking for advice which, now that Tony looked closely at the CCTV, looked like borderline harassment.In the end, Tony had made his way to the R&D department and visited the lab the kid was in and found one Peter Parker solving the one problem the department had had for the past 3 months. Took one look at his the kid and awarded him with an internship.(If that allowed Peter to go in and work with Tony in his lab as much as he wanted which, in the process, made the lab feel just that little bit less lonely, then that was just a plus.)Still, Tony knew his the kid was brilliant. Hell, he saw his brilliance nearly every day since he woke up from his coma. That, however, doesn't explain why his the kid was currently telling him to create boundaries.Tilting his head questioningly, Tony asked, "What exactly do you mean by that, kiddo?"Staring at him with a deadpan tone, Peter gave it to him in black and white, seeing as telling him indirectly didn't work at all, "It means stop taking everyone's bullshit."Startled by the kid's use of profanity, Tony opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted when Pepper walked into the room, closing the door behind herself. "I couldn't agree more, Peter." Moving closer, she kissed Tony on the forehead as a greeting and continued, "In fact, I came here to talk about that, except Peter beat me to it. You need to distance yourself from the Avengers, Tony. I took a look at the financial records we had this past week. It didn't add up at all. Naturally, I had FRIDAY hack into their private servers and found the real records."Sighing tiredly, Pepper took a seat beside Peter who had finished applying the bandage and displayed a hologram from her starkpad. "They've been using your money, your resources for years now. I don't know how it slipped through but literally everything - from the gear to the mission to collateral, hell, even Roger's diet - has been put under your name." Spitting out the words contemptuously, Pepper said, "they've been using us, Tony."Hearing her words, Tony vaguely remembered wondering why he kept making the team new gear on nearly every mission, the only exception being Wilson, who was, surprisingly, careful with the gear Tony provided him. At the time, he had brushed it off, telling himself he was thinking too much of it.Now, he realizes he should have looked into it further.Still, Tony had been relying on those people for years now. He knew it wasn't good for him but he didn't know what else to do. Sighing, he replied, "I know but I just… don't know how to go about it."Putting in his two cents, Peter suggested, "Well, you can ditch your phone, for one. If you really were their source of money, which you are, I'd say Fury would call to try to get you to come back."Staring at the kid weirdly, Tony replied. "You know that I can't help myself when its tech, Pete." He really couldn't. Tony was a curious person, technology was interesting. How could Tony just not if it was right there?!Looking between the two, Pepper made a suggestion. "Why don't you give your phone to Peter for the time being. You won't be using FRIDAY as communication too much because you're still injured and could still work at the lab but communication, especially to the outside world, would be cut off. Rhodey moved into the tower recently 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Insecure Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Blunt Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

