Work Text:


The  first time he sees Gotham relatively sober he vows never to try that  again. He is young enough to find it vaguely amusing in the way  seeing a large predator rend some fluffy creature to pieces can be  amusing the first time. Every time after the first is just cruel and  so, so sad.Then he realises he can't possibly wear his  designer shades in that kind of gloom and is no longer amused.  Gotham, Tony decides, is other people's problem. No matter how many  up-and-coming new talents, possible ventures, bla, bla, bla, you can  find there—there are such things as personal ethics.Let's  face it, he's already so ridiculously rich that another few million  here and there just aren't worth the aggravation."Fuck  this," he says decisively, "back to civilisation,  please."…Years and several experiences  later, he is still unimpressed.It isn't his turf and if he  has his way—and he would— it never would be. Did a drearier place  even exist anywhere on the face of this planet? No, they could keep  Gotham with its dark, cold, and dreary forevermore.Any place  without at least a dozen days of sunshine a year is unnatural and  unconstitutional as far as he's concerned.For once he is on  the right side of midnight but that doesn't mean he can't enjoy it  just the same. If Pepper's expression is anything to go by he's doing  a fabulous job of it so far. The last time she'd looked that  constipated he'd demolished part of his house after putting a sizable  dent in his collection of fine cognacs. He smiles at the memory. Good  times.He isn't sure what it is they are celebrating—some  technological discovery or other, it wasn't his so he doesn't feel  the need to keep track. It had been short notice and so they'd merely  invaded the nearest overpriced restaurant where it had taken Tony all  of five minutes to order up a dozen or so models—and he kept  telling Pepper they weren't strippers, what did she take him for, a common lecher—as  to not expire of boredom. It maybe wasn't his turf but that didn't  mean he had to go native. There were limits to what one could be  reasonably expected to endure and Tony wasn't really interested in  finding out what they were, exactly. There is nothing more boring  than a party made up of suits, except, maybe, a party made up of  nerds in suits."Sir, I must insist—"  Unfortunately it isn't only Pepper's disapproval he has to deal with,  that walking moustache looks close to bursting a vessel. It couldn't  be helped. They don't really know him here, but he's the fucking Iron  Man and that should cross the Ts and dot the Is.Tony waves  him away. "Must, nothing. It's a party and parties aren't  supposed to put me to sleep."One of the models is  climbing up on the table, and oh, hello! That certainly explains the  lack of pantylines."But sir, this is a respectable  establishment, we, we can't have ladies taking their clothes  off!""Mmmhm." It's a most wonderful  development. "Miss Potts, my chequebook, please." He says  this to be dramatic because the whole sign-with-a-flourish makes a  statement that 'put it on my card' just doesn't."Mr.  Stark!""Yep,  that's the name on it," he says absently. He is far too busy  thinking of where exactly to stick a twenty considering the pantyline  revelation.Pepper doesn't so much hand him his chequebook as  whoops him over the head with it."Thank you Miss Potts. Now," he says turning to Mr. Moustache and  plucking a pen out of the man's breast pocket. "Let's pretend I  care and tell me that this place isn't for sale. Come on, I want to  hear you lie to my face." And get back to the important things,  but that much is obvious. He'd already written down something  preposterous and signed it while Moustache was spluttering something  about not being authorised, yadda, yadda. He tears the cheque out and  sticks it in the man's breast pocket along with the borrowed pen.He  then turns to the people staring at him with his arms spread wide and  smiles winningly. "Now! Let's get some proper music in  here!"Gotham doesn't know Tony Stark, but he would  introduce himself with his own personal brand of charm. It takes him  all of three seconds to hack the restaurant's system and upload his  own playlist. The girls really do a lot better when they have a beat  to grind to and Pepper looks two seconds away from Armageddon so it  is a win all around. He is having a wonderful, if overcast,  day."Tony, come dance with us!"A wonderful  day that is only getting better and better.…It  is now officially a party. The beat is thumping, the liquor flowing  and the girls are either topless or close to it. The younger  generation of customers has seen fit to join them and any stick in  the mud had long retreated to quieter pastures."Mr.  Stark, there's a couple of gentlemen who'd like to speak to you,"  his assistant warns him.Uh-oh, a group that official-looking  never predicted anything good and Sonja—Sandra? Selma? Sarah?—was this close  to achieving an Olympic-
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

