Chapter 1



Notes:
Please read the tags especially since this one includes Bucky as a sex worker and I know that can make people uncomfortable, but I do try to handle that as non-offensively as possible, so if that’s going to bother or trigger anyone please read at your own risk.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Steve doesn’t know what he’s doing here. The bar hasn’t changed much and yet it feels foreign. Like he’s never set foot in it. He shouldn’t have, of course, since he hasn’t been here since he was eighteen and not even legal to set foot in the place then. Didn’t stop him and his buddies from coming though. There’s still music pumping through the place, loud and blaring, but now it’s coming out of shiny, digital machines from the DJ in the corner rather than a band. Stage is still there. Like maybe they have some sort of oldies throwback day with live music. People are pushed up together on the dancefloor. Sweat and breaths mixing as bodies rub and grind together in rhythm with the house music. Steve watches from the bar. Watches hot hands running over silky, sweaty skin. There’s an ache between his legs. A longing in his stomach. It’s been months since someone’s touched him like that. Even longer since it’s actually meant something.Steve sighs again. Wonders once more what he’s doing here. Back in Brooklyn after all these years. After escaping almost a full decade ago to California. To shorelines and sunshine, hot summers and warm winters. Tried to make a name for himself in the art industry. A world full of a lot more politics than Steve could have ever realized. Ass kissing and the who you know over what you know. Didn’t do so bad for himself. Had a few gallery openings. People do know his name. But… well…“I’m sorry, Mr. Rogers,” Said too many countless curators for Steve to remember their names. “It’s not that your work is bad, but your lack of credentials and education is just… well…”Holding you back. We’re looking for someone with a more formal background. Or some other variation of the same. It was Sam’s idea to come back. Sam, one of the few pieces of his life he just couldn’t leave behind for good. No matter how hard Steve tried, wanted to forget this world and move on to another, there’s just some of it he needed to keep with him. And Sam’s one he’ll never regret. “I can’t believe I’m doing this,” Steve mutters into his drink. “I feel like an idiot.” Sam pats him on the back. “You’re not the first person to go back to school, Steve.”“I’m twenty-eight.” He sighs. “I’m gonna be with a bunch of kids. I should be going to night school.”“You’re not even gonna be the oldest one there, Steve. But s’not too late,” Sam reminds him. “Can always do night classes. But…”“Gonna take twice as long,” he mumbles. “I know, I know.” Steve finishes off his beer. Raises his glass to the bartender to ask for another. “I just can’t believe I’m giving lectures. How did I get roped into that?”“Good way to make some extra money, right?” Sam shrugs. “You made some decent money out west, but no one ever complains about extra dough in their pocket.”In that, Sam’s completely right. Steve did make a decent chunk of cash from selling some of his work. But that was just online sales. Craigslist and Ebay and Etsy. Helped get a nice savings account, but didn’t help make the name for himself he was hoping for.“And anyway,” Sam goes on, “You do got the hands on experience. Know what it’s like out there unlike some of these professors that’ve been teaching for years.” He gives Steve a laugh. “Besides, what’re old folk like us for these days?”Steve laughs. “You got me there.”“And you know…” Sam pauses, twirling the bottom of the beer bottom around in circles along the top of the bar. It makes a rattling sort of noise that Steve make out even over the pounding bass of the house music.“Yeah?”“For what it’s worth… I…” He sucks in a deep breath and gives Steve an awkward grin. “I’m glad you’re back, Steve. Missed you, y’know?”Steve can feel the glands in his throat swell several sizes. Ten years they’ve managed to avoid talking about this. Really it was only a matter of time. Eventually it was going to come out. The stool under him feels wobbly and unsteady. No longer offering its full support under its now judgemental opinion. “Yeah, I…” Steve rubs his eyes. Looks at the guy he’s been friends with since preschool and hasn’t seen since for more than a few days at a time since they graduated high school. Unlike the stool under him, Sam doesn’t hold any judgment. That doesn’t mean Steve doesn’t feel guilty. “Sam, I’m so fucking sorry.”“What?” He sounds genuinely confused. “Steve, what’re you…”“I shouldn’t have left. Not… I mean. I just…” Face in his hands, Steve rests his elbows up on the bar. There’s a hand on his back. Soft and reassuring, rubbing up and down. “Hey, hey, Steve,” Sam comforts. “It’s okay, buddy. You did what you had to do. You don’t have to apologize. No one hold
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Sex Work
Sex Worker Bucky Barnes
Alcohol
Bottom Bucky
Top Steve
Mild S&M
Angst
Fluff
Aftercare
Age Difference
Kink Negotiation
switch steve and bucky
Unreliable Narrator
Blow Jobs
Nipple Play
Hand Jobs
Light Bondage
Blindfolds
Marks
Smoking
Embarrassment
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Dom/sub Undertones
Forced Orgasm
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Dom/sub Play
Sub Bucky Barnes
Dom Steve Rogers
Awkward Sexual Situations
Awkwardness
Collars
Dirty Talk
Guilt
Spanking
Light BDSM
light punishment
Hand Feeding
Falling In Love
Eventual Happy Ending
Semi-Public Sex
Rimming
Impact Play
Subspace
Drunkenness
Drunken Confessions
Drunken Flirting
Emotional Manipulation
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
crygasm
Pining
Praise Kink
authority kink
Orgasm Control
Past Abuse
Pet Names
Kitty!Bucky
pet play during chapter 8

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow

