Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“As you all know,” Nick Fury began, “Agent Barton discovered a small child in the rubble during your last rescue mission. The child's-”“Parents been found yet?” Tony asked, fiddling absently with his phone. “I've been looking for the obligatory SHIELD photo-op with the happy family as agents unite them with their beloved baby. Nothing yet.”Fury's eye narrowed. “No, the parents have not been found. And put that damn thing away.” Steve kicked Tony under the table and shot him a look. With a heavy sigh, Tony shoved the phone back in his pocket.“As I was saying,” Fury continued, giving Tony a dark look, “the child's parents have not been located yet, but we are working on it as we speak. In the meantime, SHIELD's medical staff has recommended that the baby leave the facility and stay with a volunteer caregiver.”“Ooh, me, me, me!” Tony waved a hand wildly. “Pick me.”Steve rolled his eyes, tempted to kick him again.Fury's face remained impassive. “Anybody else?”“Oh, come on. I'm the only omega on the team. It totally makes sense for me to take care of this kid.”Natasha rolled her eyes. “You have no experience raising a child. You don't even know how to take care of a pet.”“Not true,” Tony objected. “Dummy, Butterfingers, and You are my babies. They were just tiny heaps of metal when they were first born and look at them now.”“And yet, you still named them Dummy, Butterfingers, and You,” Natasha muttered under her breath.Tony scowled and crossed his arms over his chest. “You don't want me to give the kid a nickname? Fine, be that way.”“Tony, robots don't require the same level of care as a human child,” Bruce said gently. “Your bots manage just fine on their own most of the day, but a baby needs constant attention.”“I know what babies need. Food, toys, clothes, diapers. I can have Jarvis put in an order for everything the baby needs and it'll be at the Tower by the time this boring meeting is over. And, really, I am the best person to handle this baby. I can afford anything and everything it'll ever need.”Fury sighed and massaged his temple. “There's no reasoning with you, is there? Fine. But when you decide this baby isn't the fun little project you thought it was, it's coming right back to SHIELD.” He leveled the other Avengers with a stern look. “Make sure he doesn't fuck this up. The last thing we need is a dead baby on our hands.”“Yes, sir,” Steve said. He didn't know why Tony was so bound and determined to take on the responsibility, but even Fury had learned by now it was easier to just let Tony do what he wanted to do and take care of the fallout afterward.Tony would probably get bored with the baby in a few days, but there were usually six other people in the Tower. If Tony started to forget to feed it, one of the others could step up and help out. Steve had a suspicion that that person was going to be him.Oh well. It might be fun to play parent for a little bit. It was probably the closest Steve would ever come to having a child of his own.Tony grinned and gave Fury a thumbs up.“You've made the right choice, my friend. You won't regret it.”“I'm already regretting it,” Fury growled. “That baby is probably more mature than you'll ever be. Now,  we have more pressing matters to discuss. We still have an entire street closed off because of all the rubble from that damn goat man.”“He called himself Battering Ram,” Clint added helpfully.“I don't give a damn what he calls himself. We just have to clean up the motherfucking mess he left behind.”“Yep,” Tony said disinterestedly. “Sounds like fun.”Steve frowned at him. He was already back to fiddling with his phone again. Steve nudged him warningly with his foot, but Tony continued to tap buttons.“Tony,” Steve hissed. “Fury's going to-”“Off the phone, Stark,” Fury snapped. “Don't make me tell you again.”Natasha leaned over to whisper to Steve, “Look at that. Already moved on to something else.”“I'm ordering things for the baby,” Tony said indignantly. “Boy or girl?”Fury glowered at him.“Girl.”“Excellent. And would you say closer to four months or six months? Because there is this really awesome shirt that says 'Troublemaker' and one that says 'Little Rebel' and I want-”“Off the phone now,” Fury said in a tone that warned dire consequences for any disobedience.Tony huffed and slipped the phone back into his pocket. “Fine. The kid'll just have to go topless for a couple hours.”Fury shook his head. “This is just another distraction for you, isn't it? Just another thing you can be doing instead of focusing on the meeting.”“Right,” Tony said with a dramatic eye roll. “Because everything I do is to avoid listening to your debriefings. And people think I'm the narcissist.”“Tony,” Steve said gently. “You already have a lot of commitments. You have your work for Stark Industries, Avengers calls, and your consulting work for SHIELD. If this baby is going to eat into all your time and cause you to neglect the rest of your duties-”Tony straightened 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Fluff and Angst
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Torture
Tony Stark Has Issues
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Steve
Male Lactation
Community: avengerkink
Attempted Rape/Non-Con

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

