Chapter 1: The First Week...
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 “Unadulterated Smut” Uncle Loki x Niece OC ~ Chapter 1
**
Grace didn’t know why, but of late her mind continually returned to the uncle she had never met.  Just after she was born he was sentenced to twenty years in the dungeon for - - something... and at the request of her father, her grandfather, Odin, ordered the reason to be kept from her.  When she was younger it didn’t bother her as much, but now she was grown – now that she was nearly a full grown woman – she was unable to quell her curiosity about this ‘uncle’. 
She used the term ‘uncle’ lightly.  She may not have known a great deal about him, such as what he actually looked like, but after a night of sneaking into her grandmother’s private study, and reading one of the many thousand journals she kept, Grace had learnt that he wasn’t her uncle by blood, and that he had once tried to take over New York.  The teenage girl was forced to supress a sigh.  It had been nearly five years since she was on Midga – Earth.  Damn it.  She really hoped she wouldn’t pick up on Asgardian jargon, but she had apparently failed... She took another deep breath and calmed her mind.  There were times her heart would ache for her homeland.  The people, her friends, the technology... The Asgardian’s were an advanced race, but she missed television, music and, more importantly, the internet. 
Slowly Grace made her way up the lavish staircase, the heels her mother had forced on her clicking against the marble top with every step.  She knew she was late.  Her Grandfather had requested her presence almost thirty minutes ago; but she thought it would be better in the long run to turn up late and presentable than it would be to turn up on time, dressed in ‘commoner’ clothing and covered in mud.  So there she was, trotting awkwardly up to the entrance way to the throne room in a deep blue and gold dress that was slightly too long for her legs, but too tight for her waist.  She would make sure to retrieve all of her shoes from her parent’s room later that night.  Heels were too fiddly, and came with the added bonus of tripping over every other second. 
Her breathing had become uneven as her pace quickened, but she was nearly there... Just one more step - - Finally! She had made it to the top of the stairs, now all she had to do was – Her mind trailed off at the sight of a raven haired man, adorned in green, gold and black armour.  Grace brushed her golden brown hair behind her ear as her bright blue eyes lingered on the unknown stranger.  That was when she noticed the guards standing, not to close but not too far away, from him, and the gleaming handcuffs secured tightly around his wrists.  The brunette girl stepped closer to the criminal,
“What did you do...?” Grace asked with a smirk.  The man’s stunningly green eyes locked onto her and trailed over her shapely form.  She was dressed too nicely to be a maid; and yet her attitude and bad demeanour would allude to a lower social ranking than him.
“Be gone child.  I have no interest in wasting my patience on you.” Grace crossed her arms and shifted all of her weight onto one leg, making her hips more pronounced.
“Who do you intent to waste your patience on then?” she asked with a unique cross between a scowl and pout.  The longer Loki looked on the teenage girl, the more he wanted to force those perfectly plump lips around his manhood.  Girls such as this were difficult all through their teenage lives and, would more than often than not, end up on their knees anyway.  He immediately scolded himself.  If her words and tone weren’t enough to clue him onto her age, her not quite full curves did.  She was a child, and, even though not everyone would believe him, Loki had morals. 
“My father,” the raven haired man growled bitterly. 
“What?” she laughed, “Get you hand caught in the cookie jar too many times?”  Grace said with a superior smirk.  Loki tilted his head to one side and returned the smirk.  She was interesting... She didn’t fear him; or even seem to know who he was!
“Something like that...” he replied with a laugh, “Now little girl,” Her pouted scowl deepened and a faint red coloured her smooth cheeks, “why don’t you run along and let the adults - -,”
“Grace!” Jane called. Grace’s head quickly snapped to her mother, who was sticking her head out of the expertly sculpted door. “Odin sent for you ages ago; you’ve kept everyone waiting.” Jane’s deep blue eyes found Loki who had moved to lazily lean against a pillar near the grand entrance, “I’m guessing this was partially your fault,” she spat viciously, wrapping an arm around her daughter.  Loki raised his hands defensively.
“My dear sister-in-law,” Loki growled back, “I’ve been waiting just as long as everyone else.  This would be all her fault, not mine.” He said eyeing his intriguing ‘niece’. 
Grace couldn’t believe it... This was the elusive and unknown 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Characters
Loki/Reader
Jane/Thor
Frigga/Odin
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
Underage Sex
Underage Masturbation
Consensual Underage Sex
Masturbation
Lemon
Developing Relationship
Incest
Uncle/Niece Incest
Shameless Smut
Fluff and Smut
Incest Kink
Eventual Romance
Not Suitable/Safe For Work
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Loki-centric
Outdoor Sex
Blow Jobs
Public Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
Vaginal Fingering
Love/Hate
Falling In Love
Forbidden Love
Love at First Sight
Flirting
Innuendo
Sexual Tension
Sexual Content
Explicit Sexual Content
Sex Toys
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Romance
Teen Romance
Drama & Romance
Parent-Child Relationship
Pregnancy
Teen Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
Becoming Parents
Parenthood
Loki Month
Running Away
Hiding
Growing Up
Futanari

fandom: 
Loki/Original Characters
Loki/Reader
Jane/Thor
Frigga/Odin
Darcy Lewis/Loki

