Work Text:
Bucky groaned and scrubbed his face hard with his hands. His insomnia was the worst it had been for a while; he was running on three hours of sleep across four nights and he wasn't sure how much more he could take. He didn't even bother with sleeping pills any more - his body seemed hell bent on rejecting any kind of medication designed to help him. Herbal remedies were useless, changing his diet and exercise routine had done little to help his sleep patterns and he'd even tried Cognitive Behavioural Therapy, at his wit's end and willing to try anything just to get some fucking sleep. The CBT had kind of helped and he went through good patches of sleep, which were anywhere between three to five hours a night and bad patches, which could mean little to no sleep for several nights. This was a bad patch.It was 3:15am and after having watched several hours worth of terrible infomercials with no sign of his body wanting to shut down and his head pounding (and now also with the overwhelming need to own a juicer), Bucky threw on some jeans, swallowed a couple of Advil dry, attempted to put his sneakers on the right feet and grabbed his wallet and keys.He often went out in the early hours if he couldn't sleep; it was like being in a different world, wandering through the deserted streets, envying those who could sleep a full eight hours every night. Usually the only people he ever came across at this hour were policemen, watchful of scruffy looking men wandering about at this hour, or students, drunk and noisy, heading home to no doubt sleep most of the next day away. But tonight the streets were eerily empty. Bucky walked along in the middle of the road - he would see a car if it approached - and pretended he was the last man on Earth. Everyone else had been wiped out by a mysterious plague and only he had been immune, destined to spend the rest of his life alone. It wasn't too far from the truth - the spending his life alone part - and he suddenly didn't want to play this game anymore. He shoved his hands into his jacket pockets and continued to walk.He was lucky at least that he worked from home; there was always plenty of proofreading and editing to be done and because his brain was a treacherous, confusing piece of goddamned shit, no matter how delirious he was, how close to tears with frustration that he just couldn't even sleep for one fucking hour, his work never suffered. His brain automatically slipped into the zone and he could practically eat his way through three manuscripts in one night. Surely it wasn't much to ask that once he finished, he could just crawl into bed and get some shut-eye, but no; more often than not he would just lie there staring at the wall or ceiling for a few hours before sighing and heaving himself out of bed to do something useful.He walked a few blocks before he decided to head over to the 24-hour supermarket and pick up a few things. Maybe Clint would be working; he was a student and took a lot of the night shifts so he could study and he and Bucky had struck up a weird kind-of friendship when Clint had finally realised that he was an insomniac and not just some jacked-up weirdo. They would chat for a while before Bucky would leave him to his studying and head back to his apartment to not have any human contact again for an unspecified amount of time.When he walked into the store, the harsh fluorescent lights not doing his aching head any good, he saw that Clint wasn't in tonight. He was slightly disappointed; it would have been nice to talk and feel halfway like a normal human being, even if it was only for fifteen minutes or so. He grabbed a basket and started to stroll down the aisles with nothing particular in mind to buy. He headed over to the produce section to see if they had any apples. There was a guy stood staring down at the vegetables and Bucky stopped short and blinked, wondering if he had started to hallucinate again from lack of sleep (that had been a terrifying experience he never wanted to go through again) because he was the most beautiful man he had ever seen: He had to be 6'2 at least and he definitely worked out; he had soft blond hair, a jaw line that looked like it could split rocks and the bluest fucking eyes. He looked a little bleary and...well, out of it, kind of like he wasn't sure where he was, which would explain why he was looking down at the zucchinis like he had no idea what they were.Bucky snapped out of his slack-jawed stare and grabbed a bag of apples before making a hasty retreat to the candy aisle. He had no intention of talking to the guy but he didn't want him to see him in this state; he couldn't remember when he had washed his hair last and it hung limp and greasy to just below his chin. The permanent dark smudges under his eyes were particularly bad tonight and he glanced down at his jeans, tattered at the knees, and his old ratty grey hoodie and winced. Typical that he would stumble across the hottest guy in Brooklyn looki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Insomnia
Fluff
Meet-Cute

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

