Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Mobius was difficult to get a read on. Loki kept thinking he had him figured out then backtracking to recalibrate, something as simple as a single glance a cause for suspicion. He'd pegged him as just another yes-man for the Time-Keepers, at first, someone who was essentially programmed to uphold their arbitrations while still behaving as though they were operating under their own free will, but he wasn't so sure of that anymore. It was immediately clear to him that at the TVA free will only existed insofar as the Time-Keepers felt it served them, yes, but there was still something more substantive about Mobius than that, more solid. It didn't aid him in understanding anything about this place, though---in fact, it made matters more confusing. Why the Time-Keepers had chosen this strange, sprawling corporate playground as the means through which they operated he didn't know. It was all so foreign, particularly the hub of humming activity outside of the window, an electric metropolis that he found hard to believe existed without any sort of magic base woven throughout. As alien as it all seemed compared to the rest of Midgard, there was still something strangely familiar about it all, something that reminded him of the old illustrations he would see on staticky television programs that he'd seen on Midgard once upon a time, back when he'd been young and foolish enough to visit for things like bets with his brother. Mobius was another story entirely. There was nothing familiar about him, not compared to all of the other humans that Loki had met. Loki wondered how human he actually was, if he was susceptible to manipulation in the same ways that humans were. He was no stranger to ingratiating himself to those in power, and everyone had a soft spot that he could prod at until he'd had his way. Mobius didn't have any immediate tells. He seemed to lack any weak spots to poke at, but not because of any unbreakable walls he had up; on the contrary, he came across as far too real compared to the others, too settled into himself and his way of doing things to be operating underneath any sort of hard outer shell. It was analogous to their use of Infinity Stones as paperweights—when one wielded power that absolute, was there any need for pretense? Mobius was self-assured enough that Loki doubted his air of self-possession was fake. It was well-worn and comfortable, not nearly showy enough to be false. Loki would know. He was loath to admit that he found Mobius's strange blend of authentic interest and detached assuredness strangely comforting but, well, he'd already shown as much when he'd spilled his guts to him, told him something close to the truth. A cruel, elaborate trick indeed. He tried to tell himself that it was simply a manipulation, a small victory that he'd lent to Mobius to make him feel as though he had gotten through to to him in some way, but deep down it had felt good to be honest for once. He wondered if Mobius had been the one manipulating him despite already knowing the answer. Why would he show him those glimpses of a life-not-yet-led if not to get him where he knew he was weak? It had probably been easy for him. It seemed as though he'd had experience in the area, confident from all of his time hunting variants that he clearly considered far more dangerous and important than Loki. He bristled at the memory of being called a pussycat, of a things. Hardly. Though, if Mobius expected that from him...He'd test the waters first, of course, but he wasn't opposed to attempting to smooth over his aggression with something more appealing, something that Mobius might respond well to if he was anything like most of the pencil-pushing mortals he'd met. He had seemed impressed by his brief stint as D.B. Cooper; maybe a little charm was something he'd respond to. It was as good of an approach as any until he regained his footing in this unusual place and deciphered what version of him this time-variant was. It was his best option, certainly better than the plans that the TVA's other authorities had had for him. He couldn't go back now, not knowing what he knew. He heard the sickening crunch of his neck snapping, saw Thor hunched over his broken form. He raised a hand to his throat, felt the delicate pulse beating steadily through his icy skin. He refused to meet that end.  ▲▼▲▼▲▼ The next time he saw Mobius had been after a serviceable night's sleep in a room as blank as he'd expected, nothing but a bed and a screen that only showed the same cartoon video explaining time-variants. They had let him keep the Tesseract, which he'd fiddled with for a little while longer, but it had ultimately been useless. It had to have been, otherwise they wouldn't have left it in his possession to begin with. They'd returned that loathsome collar to his neck and there had been a guard outside his door for the entirety of the night 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius

freeform: 
Banter
mentions of loki/the grandmaster
dialogue-heavy
loki is used to flirting to get his way
and mobius thinks it's hilarious
Sort of a character study
loki is not as good at scheming as he thinks
Innuendo
Sexual Tension
Flirting
mobius is basically his therapist at least half of the time
Humor
listen I'm aiming for sexual tension levels rivaling season 2 of fleabag
so much tie pulling
earns rating in chapter 3
Fix-It
Happy Ending
unbearable levels of banter
Earth
these bitches are soft! good for them
Getting Together

fandom: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius

