Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
All in all, Harry can’t say this is one of his best days. Not the worst either, mind, but definitely not up there with finding out he was a wizard, or joining the Quidditch team, or winning the war. Far, far from it, in fact.
 
Draco is yelling at him, calling him all kinds of unsavory names as they both chase down the rogue Unspeakable that had the brilliant idea to try to rebuild a Time Turner in order to go back and make sure Voldemort won the war. Honestly, so unoriginal. 
 
Harry, absently, with that part of his brain that goes places even in the middle of a chase, finds it particularly unfair that Draco’s insults aren’t as equally distributed towards their suspect’s lackluster plan as to Harry’s reckless streak. But then again, that’s Draco for you. Always up for telling Harry just how much of an idiot he is.
 
Harry runs, lungs burning with the strain, the air tasting stale the deeper they delve into the Department of Mysteries. The little Hermione-voice in his head is pointing out with all its entitled superiority that the air tastes just the same as it does five floors up seeing as it’s all magically ventilated and purified, but Harry is the one who’s running into the bowels of the Ministry, footsteps echoing deafeningly on the floor, breaths coming out in harsh pants as his body twists and turns and tries not to lose sight of the fucking asshole who has no rights to be as fast as he/she is.
 
“Just fucking— Dammit, Potter, wait! I’ve called for backup, you absolute pillock!”
 
Despite his incessant yelling, Draco is following behind, running just as hard, spells aimed just as true. Too bad their suspect dodges better than Ron whenever their boss tosses paperwork at him.
 
The rogue Unspeakable keeps running, firing off curses blindly over their shoulder, ducking into door after room after door. Harry has flashes back to his last foray this deep into the Department of Mysteries and none of them bring back happy memories.
 
The Unspeakable fires another curse, a sickly yellow one vicious enough that Harry feels the heat of it even after he dodged it. He has a moment to spare a thought for Draco’s benefit, worry crossing his mind as it always does for his partner. There’s a loud bang and then a string of heavy curses. Harry allows himself just a peek to be sure and breathes out in relief when he finds Draco fuming and with the hint of a limp but otherwise unharmed.
 
He keeps running, chasing, hunting. Draco lags behind, but Harry is glad for his partner’s steady presence as he always is, for the comfort of having someone he trusts absolutely having his back even when he throws protocol out the window. 
 
When they turn yet another corner, Harry’s brain takes a while to process what his body is already loudly screaming at him. His breathing turns ragged, faster — and it has nothing to do with his sudden loss of stamina. His heart hammers away in his chest, hands going clammy, shivers running down his spine. 
 
Then it clicks, as loudly as the echoes of their footsteps in the room. The Chamber of Death.
 
Harry falters, for just a moment, but enough for his suspect to gain an advantage. Swearing heavily, Harry fires a heavy-powered Petrificus Totalus at them which misses for just an inch but explodes the stone step the Unspeakable had just abandoned. He fires spell after spell, barely bothering to duck the returning fire.
 
Finally, his aim hits true. The Unspeakable falls to the floor, stumbling headfirst into the cold stone, arms jerking forward to break the fall.
 
Harry stalks closer, jogging down the steps. 
 
“Toss your wand over to me.” His voice sounds winded but strong, and the suspect’s hand tightens on the wand, fingers clenching and unclenching as if they’re deciding what the best course of action for their continued uninjured state will be. “Now.”
 
Harry makes it down all the steps and the Unspeakable’s hand drops to the floor, wand still held tight. Harry’s prepared to fire another Petrificus Totalus, determined to take the choice away from them, when the absolutely unmitigated bastard speaks.
 
“Fiendfyre.”
 
Harry doesn’t have time to do a thing before green flames erupt from the tip of the wand, indistinctly-shaped flames turning into animals of all kinds, spreading across the room at a frightening pace.
 
Harry freezes for a moment, watching in horror as the fire consumes the Unspeakable. Their screams have an unhinged, gleeful quality to them that chills Harry to the bone. The air grows unbearably hot, the smell of burning flesh and fabric drifting over with the advance of the army of fire demons. The screaming continues.
 
Snapping out of his shock after what must have only been seconds but felt like a horror-filled eternity, Harry runs.
 
Adrenaline courses through him, primal and instinctive as fear takes over his rage at the complete idiotic, suicidal action of a madman. The fire spreads, animals galloping across the room and consuming everything, c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Loki/Stephen Strange
Sirius Black/Maria Hill

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Harry Potter Epilogue What Epilogue | EWE
The Avengers (2012) Compliant
mostly - Freeform
playing fast and loose with canon after that
Slow Burn
Bisexual Harry Potter
Bisexual Tony Stark
Wandless Magic (Harry Potter)
Shopkeeper Harry

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Loki/Stephen Strange
Sirius Black/Maria Hill

