Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Doc. The voice was far away, but it wasn't stopping, much to the annoyance of Darcy's pounding head. Doc, hey, you with me?Darcy batted at the noise, trying to make it go away and let her sleep, but even in her not-at-all-with-it state, she knew that a)  she was being feeble and idiotic; and b) the person associated with that voice wasn't ever going to give up, so c) she might as well concede and open her eyes.This took waaaay longer than it should, which was sufficiently alarming enough that Darcy got her contrary stubbornness on and really fought her way back awake. Things were sucking hard enough that she mostly expected a glaring light as soon as she pried her eyes open (which wasn't going to do jack-all for whatever was drilling into her head), but instead, the light was muted and much less horrible than she'd been expected. She blinked again and realized that was because the head that belonged to the voice was angled to block the glare. "Doc," Barnes said (because yeah, even mostly unconscious, Darcy's brain wasn't about to let her forget about that snack of deadly grumpiness packed into custom-fit denim and leather. She had to hand it to her subconscious, because once it declared something thirst-worthy—and it had definitely decided that about one tall, dark and broody Sergeant James Barnes in a fucking nanosecond—it did not let go, no matter what the provocation. Thus: voice recognition even when mostly unconscious and not at all wanting to wake up.) He sounded almost relieved, which Darcy was attributing to professional pride. You couldn't be the stone-cold badass if you lost the person you were supposed to be protecting in the first week of the detail."Barnes," Darcy mumbled in answer. It wasn't very snappy, but she was going to give herself a break given the circumstances. "Wha' happen'?""Flash-bang through the window," Barnes said. Darcy tried to remember anything like that, but all she was coming up with was him crashing into her, taking her down to the floor as things got loud. Which, her brain pointed out, tracked with what he was saying. "Rocket-launcher. Enough gas to knock me out for a good hour; I was starting to get worried this--" he tugged on the scarf Darcy'd noticed him wearing when he'd arrived at her office earlier, when she'd been a normal, not-kidnapped person, but which had apparently had a second life as a gas mask, thanks to a certain quick-thinking grumpster with impeccable dealing-with-mayhem credentials-- "hadn't been enough to filter out some of the bad shit."That at least explained the giant spike of pain in her head. Darcy put her mind to sitting up, which shouldn't have been as ridiculously hard as it was, but, clearly, she was not in control of her life at the moment. In the end, Barnes practically sat her up, as though she was a baby just figuring out how bodies bodied. If she hadn't had to fight to keep from throwing up on him, being that incapacitated in front of the guy she was trying to convince of her adult responsibility and accurate assessment of what was going on in it would have been humiliating. As it was, she went ahead and celebrated keeping all of her insides inside where they belonged."Seriously," she finally managed to say. "What the fuck?"Even those four words wore her out and made her head spin, so she closed her eyes hastily before all progress could be undone. Maybe because of not being distracted by the eyes and the jaw and the rest of the exterior package Barnes sported, she swore she could hear the slightest bit of amusement in his voice when he said, "That about sums it up, Doc."Cautiously, she breathed out a tiny huff of a laugh, and when it (happily!) didn't further the vomit-agenda, said, "It was kind of a request for info, too.""I don't know much," Barnes said, and Darcy appreciated him taking her seriously still. "Right before I blacked out, I heard enough to know they were verifying it was you but other than that, I've got nothing.""Okay, the good news is that I wasn't paranoid; there really were people out to get me," Darcy said, thinking of the weeks of creepy-crawly feelings dancing along the edge of her consciousness, always feeling that there was someone slightly outside the range of her vision watching her. "The bad news is--""You really weren't paranoid and people were out to get you," Barnes finished for her, his voice not unkind even if he wasn't pulling any punches about the situation."Ugh." Darcy closed her eyes as though that might be enough to hide from the nasty real world. Her bodyguard-cum-co-kidnappee was nice enough to let her pretend it might work for long enough that she didn't burst into tears (from sheer fury, but nobody in astrophysics ever believed women cried for any reason other than being weak and girly so she'd mostly stopped trying to explain) and further humiliate herself. All in all, it wasn't a bad deal, but if
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Jimmy Woo
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Slow Burn
Bodyguard
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-WandaVision
Past Abuse
Past Torture
POV Female Character
On the Run
Rescue
talking about feelings
First Kiss
Developing Relationship
New Asgard
Wakanda (Marvel)
Caretaking
Cuddling & Snuggling
Movie Night
Phone Sex
Long-Distance Relationship
Dirty Talk
Relationship Negotiation
Misunderstandings
Shower Sex
First Time
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma Recovery
Falling In Love
Female Friendship
Male Friendship
Couch Cuddles
Sarcasm
Banter
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Jimmy Woo
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Darcy Lewis

