Chapter 1: Thor: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
Thor’s heart clenched when he walked in on a familiar sight. Tony was facedown on the couch with Bruce making him coffee.
“Friend Tony?” he called, trying to remain enthusiastic but it was hard when Tony turned his head to reveal red-rimmed eyes.
“Hey Thor,” he mumbled. “Didn’t know you were back from Asgard.”
“I returned this morning,” Thor came to crouch down next to him. “You seem upset my friend.” He longed to wipe the tears from his friend’s cheeks but held himself back. Tony was in a relationship and Thor would not overstep his boundaries. No matter his feelings toward the genius.
To his horror, tears welled up in Tony’s eyes. Had the fight been that bad this time? Tony had long been in love with Captain Rogers but they fought often despite being in a romantic relationship. Personally Thor thought that the Captain took Tony and his love for granted, often neglecting him and getting annoyed with him.
Tony loved the man though. It was clear and while Thor was jealous that Rogers had gained that affection, he would always remain Tony’s friend and tried to be supportive.
“Friend Tony?” Thor asked in concern before suddenly finding himself with an armful of sobbing genius.
“He dumped me Thor,” Tony choked out.
Thor’s body went cold and a glance at Bruce showed the same anger that was starting to burn in his chest in the scientist’s eyes.
“What happened?” Thor kept his temper under control and cradled the small mortal. He’d wanted to do this countless times but never under these circumstances.
Tony shuddered. “We were having a fight. Over Steve’s constant trips to find Bucky. He was barely in the tower anymore. He-He yelled at me, saying I was selfish and that he couldn’t deal with me anymore. That he was done. I think he means it this time…”
With how rocky and volatile their relationship was, Tony and Steve had broken up a few times, always initiated by Steve. And then he’d come back a month or so later and expect things to just go back to normal. And Tony was so happy and relieved to see him, to ‘be given another chance’ that he let it.
Thor met Bruce’s eyes again. They both wanted this cycle of their friend’s heart breaking to end.
“I think, we need a vacation,” Bruce piped up. “How about a trip to Malibu?” 
Tony gave some vague agreement, probably wanting out of the tower and away from it’s memories. Steve had hated Tony’s mansion in Malibu.
“Then a grand holiday we shall have!” Thor declared, sweeping Tony up into a bridal carry and making him yelp. He paused long enough for Bruce to give Tony his mug of coffee which silenced his protests before rushing from the room to help Tony pack and hopefully get his mind off his heartbreak.
 
"Wow, I never thought Captain America could be such a crappy boyfriend," Darcy whistled.
Thor had come to visit his friends while Tony and Bruce had some science time in the lab. Thor had ended up speaking to Darcy about everything, hoping the woman would have some advice for him.
"Yes," he sighed heavily. "I fear that this will only continue happening.
Darcy studied him with sharp, intelligent eyes.
"You like him, don't you? Tony Stark."
Thor flushed but didn't deny it.
"Do they know?"
He shook his head. "I would never stand in the way of my friend's happiness."
"But does Steve actually make Tony happy?" She asked and the question made Thor pause.
His automatic response was that yes, Tony was happy with Steve. But those were very rare moments between the depression when Steve left the tower and the fights when he returned.
"I believe that Tony loves the Captain. But I do not believe that their relationship makes him happy."
"Do you think you could make Tony happy?"
"I would certainly try my best," Thor admitted. If he had gained the honour of receiving Tony's affection, he would have treated the man like the courted of a Prince deserved to be. "But Tony does not love me. He loves Steve."
"Then woo him," Darcy suggested, sipping at her coffee.
"What?" He blinked in surprise.
"Woo him, court him, win him over," she waved a hand in the air to emphasise her points. "You're a prince Thor. You can beat Captain America. Show Tony you're the better option."
"I don't believe my attempts to court Midgardians are destined for success," he winced as he remembered his disastrous relationship with Jane. He was glad she still remained his friend.
"Well now you know what NOT to do," Darcy pointed out cheerfully. "This is your chance Thor. Show Tony that you're the better option."
"I will not force my affections on him," Thor told her sternly.
"If he says no then back off. But he hasn't said no yet since you haven't tried."
Thor fell into a thoughtful silence. He knew that Midgard didn't court in the same way as Asgard did, but perhaps… it would give Tony the attention he deserved at the very least.
He squared his shoulders and nodded. Darcy gave him some more encouragement before sending him on his way with a cheerful wave and a "good luck".
 

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

