Chapter 1: Natasha Settles Back In and "Meets" Peter and MJ
    




Chapter Text
The only thought going through Natasha’s head as she made her way through the Tower for the first time in years was how badly she wanted to sleep in her old bed again. When she finally walked back into her old apartment, she found her things exactly in place as she left them all those years ago, but there was no dust on anything and all the old food she had left in the fridge had been cleared away. Her old Widow Bites were even still sitting on her desk, things she hadn’t had access to in the intervening years. She wasn’t sure if that was Stark’s doing or one of his many robots, but either way she was grateful. Wandering into her bedroom, she saw the bed she had been dreaming of and realized how exhausted she was, and truly let herself feel it for the first time in the last 5 years.Though everyone had been brought back and Captain Marvel had snapped away Thanos 5 years ago, there was a lot to do after that. There was clean up after the battle of course, but there also was the fact that nearly 4 billion people had reappeared out of nowhere to find that they no longer had jobs, their apartments had been filled with other families, and in some cases their significant others who had not been snapped had moved on, leaving them with no one in what seemed to them to be a blink of an eye. There were shelters and food banks to be established, loved ones to try to find, and problems to solve, and these problems existed all over the world, not just in New York. The formerly Rogue Avengers were more than happy to help with the restoration of normalcy, but to put it shortly, there was a lot of work to do, and it took them five years to finish it.So, on seeing her own bed after years of hard work, Natasha let the wave of exhaustion hit her, and deciding to give in to it, she walked over, got into bed, and fell into a deep, dreamless sleep for 12 hours, more than double the most amount of sleep she’d gotten in one night since she was 6 years old.--------------------------------When she finally awoke, Natasha decided that first things first, she needed to thank Stark. To thank him for bankrolling their resettlement work, for fighting Thanos on Titan, for inventing time travel, and many other things, but right now she most needed to thank him for keeping her bed. Glancing at the clock next to her, which read nearly 8:00 p.m., she rolled out of bed and took a quick shower before changing into a pair of jeans and a t shirt, and headed out of her apartment and into an elevator to find Stark.“Hey Friday?” she asked out loud.“Yes Ms. Romanov?” came the AI’s answer.“Can you tell me where Tony is? I want to talk to him.”“Boss is in his lab right now, would you like me to take you there?”Just as Natasha was about to say yes, her stomach began to growl. “Actually, can you take me to the Common floor so that I can get something to eat first?” “Of course,” came the reply as the elevator began to move. “Boss wanted you all to know to help yourselves to any food in the Avengers Common floor kitchen, and to let me know if there is something that you want to add to the grocery list.”The elevator stopped and Natasha gave a “Thanks Friday, will do,” before the doors opened and she stepped out onto the floor.The first thing she saw, however, was something she had not at all expected. Over on the couch in front of the TV, was a young man and woman, the young woman sitting on the man’s lap facing him, oblivious to all in the world but each other and kissing like it would be the last time they would see each other. In front of them on the coffee table sat two containers of take out and 2 half drank glasses of wine, and Natasha very quickly got the feeling that she was interrupting date night. So she stepped back into the elevator whose doors hadn’t shut yet, and quietly said, “Never mind Friday, take me to the lab.”While Friday took her to the right floor, she was trying desperately to hold back an awkward laugh, thinking about what she had just walked in on when the doors opened again and put her face to face with Stark. “Tony,” she said, “it is genuinely good to see you again.”“Hah, why does that sound kind of like an insult?” came Stark’s reply, but the sparkle she saw in his eye told her that he wasn’t actually insulted. “Come in and come here, I haven’t seen you in years.”Natasha walked over to give the man a brief hug before letting out the laugh that had been threatening to burst out of her.Tony gave her an odd look, and in response she said, “So, any idea who the two young people are on your couch downstairs who are sucking face so hard I’m a little concerned they might suffocate each other?” “Oh god damn it,” came the reply. “I’ve told them so many times, hang on. Friday, show me what’s happening on the Common floor.” They were shown a projection of the room below, where the two people in question were in exactly the same position as Natasha had seen them 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Avengers Team & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Domestic Avengers
Fluff and Angst
Established Relationship
College Student Peter Parker
Identity Reveal
not team Cap friendly
Sassy Peter
BAMF Michelle Jones
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Irondad
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Michelle Jones is a Little Shit
Peter and MJ like each other a lot
And they aren't afraid to show it
Much to the dismay of everyone else

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Avengers Team & Peter Parker

