Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony sipped his drink, still lingering in the lounge even though the sun was coming up, the bartender long since gone. He’d slipped the man some bills to leave him with a bottle as the clean-up crew started their early morning routine.He really should go back to his room, but he didn’t want to be alone. Sometimes he hated his job for making him hop between airports and conferences. It was only days ago that he was in Bern, Switzerland, giving a New Year’s speech.His head felt a little clouded as he sipped his drink. Absently, he thought he should probably call it a night or morning. He’d spent the night partying, an itch under his skin. He was days from his heat and probably shouldn’t be out, but Tony wasn’t known for taking the safe road. Much to Rhodey and Happy’s dismay, he tended to be a little reckless.Honestly, he felt kind of annoyed that no one had seemed compatible with him at the party. Everyone had smelled off and a little burnt, not appealing at all, though from the way alphas had been rubbing against him, he must have smelt as sweet as honey.It was only around his heats that he grew picky about partners—fucking biology telling him to find a fertile mate, someone who was just right for him for whatever reason. He found the whole thing irritating, but he just couldn’t stomach any alpha when his heat was close. In fact, he hadn’t found one yet that worked for him, really. At best, he’d been with a few alphas who smelled like burnt rubber or charred wood, not great, but tolerable.Tony downed the last of his drink, not really paying attention around him as the cleaning crew vacuumed and wiped things down. He should just suck it up and get going. Maybe he’d take the bottle with him and drown the last of his sorrows in his room.Just as he was about to get up to leave, he felt someone watching him, and he looked to the left, toward the doors to see a man built like a brick shithouse standing there, eyes fixed on Tony.Maybe it was the whiskey, but Tony found himself patting the spot beside him and winking.The man’s nose twitched as he scented the air, then after a moment where Tony started to lose hope, the man stepped forward and crossed the room to him.Tony wondered if he could smell his pre-heat lingering in the air.Once he was closer, Tony could really see his eyes, momentarily getting lost in them, and how defined his jaw was, the slight dimple to his chin. His face had a scruff from days without shaving, and his hair looked clean but not styled, hanging down past his ears.The man sat beside Tony, looking a little hesitant, and then, shocking the shit out of Tony, he leaned and dragged his nose over Tony’s throat, sucking in a breath as he did. It was the most brazen scenting Tony had ever had from a stranger—hell, only lovers did things like that and in private, but that didn’t mean it didn’t make Tony start to slick up on the spot.Because not only did the man seem to like Tony’s scent, Tony liked his. He smelled woodsy and with a bit of sharpness, like something spicey. He clearly wasn’t using suppressants or blockers with the way his scent rolled off him.Honestly, Tony wasn’t either. Somewhere between Bern and there, he’d lost his blockers and been too lazy to get new ones, not that it would have taken much. He’d only need to ask JARVIS or Happy, but that seemed like one too many steps already, so he’d just gone without.Which maybe wasn’t a bad thing, as the alpha—because there was no doubt about that—was nearly panting against Tony’s neck as he breathed him in.And Tony knew he should probably push him away, but he smelled right; he smelled perfect, his scent settling deep in Tony’s bones. So instead of being the responsible adult, Tony pushed his glass away and twined his fingers in the alpha’s hair, baring his neck. Because what was life if you didn’t live on the edge a little.Things quickly progressed, and soon Tony found himself uncomfortably wet and ready to take things back to his room. Grabbing the alpha’s gloved hand, he started tugging him along toward anywhere they could fuck. His room would be nice, but he was willing to bend over the table if it meant the alpha knotted him soon. The alpha growled but still hadn’t spoken, and in his defense, Tony hadn’t either. They didn’t need words. They had instincts, and it was clear they were both on the same page. Tony started leading the alpha toward his room, but the alpha gripped Tony’s hand tighter, then pulled him into the stairwell. What followed could only be called some kind of religious experience. Tony had never come so hard in his life, wrapped in the comforting scent of alpha. He didn’t even know the man, but he wanted forever with him, but it was after they’d parted, the alpha’s knot going down, that Tony had caught a glimpse of a mating scar on the man’s neck. 
So that’s how it was. 
“Thanks, for—” Tony waved vaguely as he fixed his pants. They hadn’t even gotten undressed fully, just fucking against the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega/Omega Relationship
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Bucky Barnes's Biological Child
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Mpreg
Polyamory
Kid Fic
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Misunderstandings
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Though no rape has happened
Steve just makes an assumption
It gets cleared up later
Kidnapping
Hydra (Marvel)
lactose intolerant Peter parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Slow Burn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

