Work Text:



It’s beginning to look a lot like… Steve Rogers focusing too much on the mission


 He was running late, Steve realized, jamming his arms into his jacket sleeves as he heard the door to the stairwell open, a loud scraping sound of the heavy metal door against the wood floor beneath it.  Steve grabbed his keys and hurried out his front door, already turning to face the hallway as he moved through the familiar steps of locking up behind him. The way Steve peered down the hallway to make sure that it was Bucky he heard on the stairway was neither subtle nor unobtrusive, but if it wasn’t Bucky, then Steve should probably go back inside and take the time to turn off the lights he’d neglected in his rush.  There were only two people on their floor who regularly used the stairway, and Steve was one of them. Bucky was the other. Only, Steve hadn’t really seen Bucky in months except for in fleeting passes.  He hadn’t even seen him on Halloween, and that was practically a tradition between the two of them.  Steve was starting to get concerned that he’d blink and Bucky would disappear from the apartment across the hall entirely, that one day he’d just pack up and leave, and Steve would never know what happened to him.  He was becoming concerned that it already happened. The chance paid off, because it was definitely Bucky heading towards him.  He was carrying an unfamiliar work uniform and his hand sloped so low, the vibrant material of the vest threatened to drag along the hallway floor.  Steve started to frown at the sight, not used to Bucky not being impeccably dressed in a business suit or a stylish pair of jeans that moulded to the slope of his thighs.   He certainly wasn't used to the sight of Bucky scowling, at least in a heavier way than the good-natured frown Bucky treated minor inconveniences like rain and a deluge of flyers in his mailbox.  There was an actual glower on Bucky’s face, as though he just couldn’t hide his discontent in those final steps to the door of his apartment. Now that Steve was watching, he wasn't sure if he could remember Bucky smiling in the last few months.  Steve had been so busy going in and out of a book tour and locking down the contract for his next three titles that his time at home had been punctuated by a near-frazzled urgency, the kind Steve thrived under but also the kind that limited his ability to see outside of what he was currently focusing on. Like the man across the hall with the gorgeous smile and quick wit that Steve had been hopelessly taken with for ages.  Now, there was a line between his eyebrows that had seemingly appeared overnight and there were bags beneath his eyes that made him look older than his mid-twenties. It made Steve actually stop and observe him, his keys dangling in his fingers. Bucky looked up and saw him, a smile curling his lips and softening his eyes into a less-severe expression.  For a moment he looked like the carefree man Steve had met when he first moved in.  Then Bucky’s eyes spanned to the left and Steve followed his attention thoughtlessly. Both of them noticed the paper on Bucky’s front door with the big, bold printed EVICTION NOTICE plastered across the top at the same time. Steve honestly hadn’t noticed the paper before he stepped out of his apartment.  If he’d known what faced Bucky at his door, Steve would have allowed him his privacy instead of rushing his exit in the hope of running into him. Bucky already looked so exhausted and dejected that Steve wanted to leap across the hallway and protect him from what was about to happen, but hiding it would probably just hurt Bucky in the long run, and tearing it down in front of him was a useless gesture.  Bucky’s expression tightened, lines forming at the corners of his mouth as he stomped over and tore the sheet down. He took a moment to look at Steve, words half-formed in his mind and his mouth parted to let them out.  Then he blinked, his lips turning down in a grimace and his whole body shuddering with a loud exhale. “Bu…” Steve started to say, but Bucky was already turning his back on him and storming into his apartment.  The door slammed behind him. Dammit.  Steve felt like the world’s hugest idiot, but that probably didn’t even come close to touching how Bucky felt right now.  He stood in the hallway staring at the closed door across the way from him, and his heart felt heavy.  He didn’t know what to do – there was nothing he could do, short of offering Bucky money, and he knew that Bucky not only wouldn’t accept the offer, he’d be deeply insulted by it. Steve stood in the hallway for a moment, concerned and feeling entirely helpless for it.  There was a reluctance in his step when he carried on with his day, because there was absolutely nothing he could think of to fix things – and, of less concern, he wasn’t sure it was even his place to try. Steve had butted his nose into things for worse reasons. x.x.x. Steve tried.  He slid an envelope with enough money for re
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Christmas Fluff
author Steve Rogers
Artist Steve Rogers
coffee addict Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

