Work Text:
“What do you think, doll?” the asset asks, peering out from underneath the heavy drape of fringed curtain hanging over the mouth of the half-constructed den that is currently taking up most of the walk-in closet.
“Looks good, Buck,” his mission says from his seat on the stripped bed, leaned back against the headboard and taking a sip of the caramel-smelling drink in his coffee mug. The scent of it makes the asset a little dreamy even from across the room, although his mission--Steve--smells nothing like heat at all. 
The asset still doesn’t actually answer to “Bucky”, although he understands people mean him when they say the name. He understood that on the helicarrier, though, so it’s probably less progress than his mission--Steve--would’ve hoped for. He tries to think of it like it’s a pet name, like “alpha” or “doll”, which helps him respond when it’s Steve saying it but not really the rest of the time. 
Then again, the asset doesn’t actually care about the rest of the time, so it’s not like that matters. 
“You said that about the last three,” the asset says, disapproving. He’s made several dens in several places over the course of the day, although he does think this one is the most promising so far. The bedroom itself and living room were too big, the kitchen and laundry room too high-traffic, the studio too cluttered, the vents too small, and he doesn’t even want to talk about the balcony and Tony Stark’s misguided attempts to help. 
The robots were actually very useful--they like the asset, they get along well with his arm--but Stark himself was not. The asset had to use Colonel Rhodes’ emergency frequency to get him to come take him away. Rhodes had been angry that he’d used it when there wasn’t a national emergency until his mission--Steve--explained, after which he’d understood and had dragged Stark out by the ear. He’d left the robots, which the asset had appreciated. 
“I’d like any den you made, Bucky,” Steve says, which makes the asset’s chest clutch up and is grossly unfair. Also, not objectively helpful at all. 
“It needs to be right,” he insists, grabbing the closest stack of cushions and retreating back into the den with them. 
“Of course it will be,” Steve says, easy and earnest. “You’re making it.” 
The asset has to pause in arranging the cushions to deal with the overwhelming amount of everything swelling up in his chest, then scowls indignantly and goes back to it. Again, that is grossly unfair and not helpful behavior. 
“You’re a terrible handler,” he says. 
“Thank you,” Steve replies mildly. It takes a second for that to register, and then the asset blinks and reorients in the world. His mission--Steve--takes those slip-ups in stride, even when the asset doesn’t even notice making them. It’s not something he ever would’ve said to an actual handler either, which he assumes helps. 
Sometimes it’s still a little jarring, though. 
“Alpha,” he says quietly, digging his fingers into one of the cushions. He hears Steve sit up on the bed, although he doesn’t get up altogether. The asset wishes he would, a little bit, but just as much is glad he hasn’t. Old programming is telling him to put his face in the cushions and present for his mission, and he thinks if Steve were any closer he already would be. He wouldn’t mind, but he doesn’t think Steve would like it. 
Steve will accept anything that the asset does simply to do, but never likes anything he does because of the old programming. If he were aroused and presented because of that Steve would kiss his neck and work him open and it would be fine, but if he did it because of defunct programming, it wouldn’t be and he wouldn’t touch him. 
He understands, technically. He just also doesn’t always understand. 
“What do you need?” Steve asks from the bed. The asset curls up around the cushion he’s holding, pinning it in place against his stomach. 
“I don’t know,” he says. He slips the cushion under his shirt without quite thinking about it, although obviously some part of him is thinking about it. It’d have to be. 
“Bucky,” his mission--Steve--says, voice going soft. 
“I can’t give you pups,” the asset mutters, pressing into the back corner of the closet to keep out of Steve’s line of sight. He pulls his legs under himself and puts his right hand to the pillow under his shirt. It’s soft and squishy and feels nothing like a pregnant stomach would. He hears Steve slide off the bed and walk over, and he drags one of the blankets over himself in embarrassment to hide his pillow-stretched shirt. The asset knows he’s not an omega. 
But Steve’s his alpha. 
“You did give me pups,” Steve reminds him quietly, settling in next to him. The asset’s eyes flick down to the soft, just-started swell of the other’s stomach and he bites his lip to the blood. That’s his job. He was supposed to do that. But he’s a bad omega. 
“I didn’t,” he says, shaking his head. “I can’t get anyone pregnant.” 
“You were with me the whole heat, Buck,” Steve reminds him with 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Gender Confusion
Role Reversal
post-CATWS
Robots Love Cyborgs
Cognitive Dissonance
Dissociation
Badly-Timed Flashbacks
Dubious Consent Due To Identity Issues
references to past rape
references to forced conversion therapy
Red Room references
Bondage
Dirty Talk
Praise Kink
Mpreg
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
but the asset's having some trouble remembering that

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

