Work Text:
Tony does not immediately panic when Steve disappears.He doesn’t immediately panic because he’s got a tracking device in the phone he gave Steve for Christmas, it’s the gift that keeps on giving, and Steve has been at SHIELD headquarters the entire time.He decides to worry just the smallest bit when Steve has been gone for three days because Tony has no idea what he could have been doing that whole time. He starts to be concerned when he gets the idea into his head that maybe SHIELD has decided to try to extract the super soldier serum from Steve’s body. Squeeze him in a press like getting cider out of an apple until the serum leaks out. Steve’s useful, sure, but maybe SHIELD has decided the chance for a whole mass of super-soldiers is worth risking just the one they have in hand.These are the things Tony thinks about when he hasn’t had enough sleep and too much coffee.At least he’s not panicking.“I’m sure he’s not being squeezed in a cider press, sir,” JARVIS intones and Tony startles a little, hadn’t realized he’d been muttering that out loud. “For one thing, he is quite powerful and I’m sure they could not hope to press him against his will.”“That would be the kind of thing he’d volunteer for though,” Tony complains. “The guy has no sense of self-preservation. Not if someone tells him he’s doing it for the good of orphans or puppies or something.”“You really should eat something, sir,” JARVIS says. “I worry about you.”“Is it telling about my life choices that the only person who worries about me isn’t even a person at all?”“There are plenty of people who worry about you,” Tony hears Pepper's voice behind him.“Worrying about me and worrying what I’ll do at any given moment are different things,” Tony grumbles, eyeing the covered plate Pepper has in hand.“You’ve been sulking-”“Working.”“You’ve been working down here ever since Mr. Rogers went into SHIELD,” Pepper says, setting the plate down by Tony’s elbow. She takes the lid off with a flourish and Tony sees it’s an omelet.“Did Clint make it?” he asks, because Clint’s omelets are epic. They’re kind of a food group all on their own, could feed starving millions. Anything made by Pepper on the other hand has to be viewed with a small measure of skepticism and intestinal fortitude.“Yes,” Pepper confirms and smiles when Tony plucks the fork out of her hand and digs in.“Did you just bring me food or did you also bring me information?” Tony asks, hopeful. When she glances away and to the right, it confirms she knows something but wasn't planning to tell him. “Spill it,” Tony demands.“I don’t know much,” Pepper finally allows. “Just that SHIELD had a walk-in that’s got everyone ruffled.”“A walk-in?” Tony muses, tapping his chin with his fork. “Must be major if they need Steve for the debrief.”“Agent Coulson sounded excited,” Pepper says with a grin.“Isn’t there a reason I desperately need to go to SHIELD HQ?” Tony says, hopping up and Pepper rolls her eyes.“I’m sure you’ll come up with something,” she says. “I could tell you not to go but you won't listen to me, will you?”"Nope.""I just need to say it anyway to feel better."“Whatever you need,” Tony says, leans across his table so he can drop a kiss on her cheek.*“Are you supposed to have access to this floor?”Of all the people Tony could run into while trying to sneak around SHIELD, it has to be Fury himself.“Wait, let me rephrase that. You’re not supposed to have access to this floor.”“Your entire security system is Stark tech,” Tony says, waving a dismissive hand.“I wanted to have a proper tender process,” Fury complains and Tony gives him a sunny grin.“All other systems would have been inferior, therefore I would’ve been able to bypass them.”“So you’re saying this is a screwed if I do, screwed if I don’t kind of situation?” Fury asks, his good eye glaring and Tony shrugs. “Are you skulking around for a reason or is it just to increase my blood pressure?”“I wouldn’t think you’d have blood pressure,” Tony says, makes a open claw with his hand and pumps it a few times. “I think you're lacking the required organ.”“Says the guy with the light bulb  in his chest,” Fury says and Tony huffs, rolling his eyes.“Just proves the presence of my heart. I’d have to see some kind of medical documentation to believe in the existence of yours.”“Don’t change the subject.”“I wasn’t skulking.”“Do you honestly have nothing better to do than stalk Captain Rogers?”“Who said I was here for him?” Tony asks, defensive.“It continues to puzzle me what it is about you that appeals to him.”“It’s one of the mysteries for the ages,” Tony says, half grinning, hiding the uncomfortable uncertainty he's been hiding about that very subject himself. He’s constantly waiting for the other red, shiny boot to drop and Steve to realize that he’d be better off without someone like Tony dragging him down.“Tony?”Tony turns when he hears his name. Fury makes an impatient noise and a gesture Tony would think was rude if Fury actually did things l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Jealousy
Presumed Dead

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

