Work Text:
Tony had spent the last night being double teamed by a nice couple from Philadelphia. It was good. Satisfying. She had fucked him with her strap-on and he had forced himself down his throat. After, they laid marks down his back with the riding crop. It had left Tony oozy, fucked out and soft, and he still feels the marks now as he lies on the cushions.Yeah. Those were good marks. Raised slightly above his skin, he can remember his own little whimpers when they had laid them down, Becca stroking his hair and Charles straddling his ass. He hadn't gotten home until about six o'clock this morning and had promptly fallen asleep on the couch in his living room.Now, he's lying there, the sun setting outside the window. He aches, all over, his back, his ass, his shoulders. It's not a pleasant ache, not any more. It's not the stretched out low throb of being well fucked. It's more like the twinge of running a lap without stretching.He feels disgusting. Last night's alcohol is sticky in his mouth, among other things. He draws a hand over his lips, through his hair. He needs to get up. He needs to shower.But he can't. Instead, he pushes his face into the pillow, shivers. It's cold. It's really fucking cold. "J'vis," he slurs "heating up, please."The temperature begins to adjust itself accordingly. Tony forces himself to sit up, slumping onto the couch. He rubs a hand over his face, grunts. His hair is greasy, sticking to his forehead, and he -- yeah, it really smells. Last night was fun, but it was active. The stink of dried sweat hangs around him like a cloud and it makes him want to just climb into the shower and wash it all off, as if that'll make it all better, and Tony will be cured.Instead, he goes to the coffee machine, puts water on to boil. Waits, and then pours himself a cup. It's cheap stuff, and it leaves a bitter taste in his mouth, not going down smooth. He adds some vodka. It doesn't help, but it does wake him up. His bare feet slap against the cool tiles and he resists the urge to drop to the floor and groan like a whale.He's hungover, yes. Dirty. He looks like he went six rounds with a squid and only just came out victorious. But there's something else, too. He sits back on the couch and asks Jarvis to flick through his messages.Nothing. The nice couple haven't left a reply. That's okay. That's not -- did he do good? Fuck, maybe he wasn't what they wanted. End of. It's a bit embarrassing, though. Giving yourself over to people who are making faces behind your back.Don't think about it. It's not worth it. He always gets like this after a scene, so mushy. It's fine. He doesn't need their praise, that's just, no. There are loads of other things he can do to make him happy. First of all, eat some chocolate. Then, watch a film. Bundle up with some blankets, some cocoa. A nice meal. That's all he needs. It's all he ever needs. Yes, most subs like aftercare, but it's never really been a big deal for Tony. He's not like that. He's not as wea -- well, not weak, that suggests that other subs are weak. But he's not as needy, which is fine. Great. He really wishes they had left a message, though. Just a little 'well done'. Or a 'hope you got home safely.' Maybe even a 'good boy'? It's only polite.Tony resists the urge to curl up in a ball and cry his eyes out. Christ, he hates this, it's like puberty all over again. He could call someone. Pepper, maybe. She wouldn't mind just sitting with him, stroking his hair. Or -- It's stupid. Ugh. He doesn't need that, and he doesn't need to ask anyone for it. God, imagine that. Tony hates imposing, he hates it. The last thing he needs to do is shuffle over to Bruce or Clint and ask them if they'd be willing to take care of him. He can almost picture Clint's smirk, or Bruce's pity. No, he doesn't have anyone, but what are they going to do about it? He knows they would help, he knows that. But that doesn't stop him from stubbornly drawing his blanket around his shoulders and heading for the elevator in search of company. Company, not someone to stroke his hair and tell him what a pathetically good boy he is. Actual people, to talk to. That normally helps bring him up, if only slightly.He's in luck. Clint, Steve and Natasha are all seated around the island in the kitchen, drinking, talking. There are cards, too. Perfect. The best excuse for Tony to just sit there and do nothing and maybe fall asleep. If he's lucky, Steve will carry him to his room. It'll be okay. Yeah. It'll be okay. He's okay. Everything's good.He puts on a brave smile, shuffling forward, blanket still wrapped around his shoulders. "Hey," he croaks.Clint looks up. "The wanderer returns." He says, with a half-smile. "You come to rejoin civilisation?"Tony smiles tiredly. "Something like that." he says, settling down at the table, folding his arms and resting his head.He can tell from the brief silence that the group is sharing looks with each other but he doesn't care. Let them. He's too tired, too wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Tony Stark
Touch-Starved
Sub-Drop
Fluff
Angst
Aftercare

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

