Work Text:
Steve pushes open the door to his apartment and rolls his shoulders, trying to loosen the knots after a long few days of fighting and worrying. He knows he should probably eat but mostly what he wants to do is sleep. He's not sure how long he's been awake, and it's been even longer since he's seen his bed, and he's looking forward to the reunion.He doesn't expect it to be occupied when he gets to it, so it's kind of a shock to find Bucky there, naked and touching himself, slick fingers slipping  down between his legs, brushing over his hard cock and then moving lower so he can circle his hole before pushing them inside. His body is a long, sweat-sheened jumble of curves and lines as he fucks himself on his hand, skin glimmering pale gold in the light of the bedside lamp. His mouth is bitten red and glistening, lips parted slightly on a gasp as his hips move.Steve's exhaustion drains away, all the nerves in his body sparking like live wires in the rain, and he has to fight to get a breath past the sudden tightness in his throat."Jesus, Bucky." His voice is rough and already needy.Bucky's eyes flutter open and his mouth curves in a knowing, wicked grin. "Was just thinking about you." He doesn't stop what he's doing, though. He just curls his other hand around his cock, the metal looking dangerous against such vulnerable skin, and strokes, letting out a soft little moan."Yeah?"Bucky's eyes close again and he bites down hard on his lower lip, teeth white and even in the swollen red flesh. "Mmm hmm."Steve shucks his boots as quickly as he can and climbs onto the bed, his hands itching for the feel of Bucky's skin beneath them. He slides his hands up Bucky's thighs, muscles firm and hair tickling his palms, and bites at his mouth. Bucky gasps into the kiss, spreading his legs wide as Steve wraps a hand around his cock and pulls. Bucky arches up into it, fucking Steve's fist, making desperate, wordless noises."Jesus, Bucky, look at you," Steve says, still a little awed by what they do, and how Bucky looks and feels and sounds while they're doing it."I want you to do more than look," Bucky answers."I know you do." Steve slips two fingers into Bucky's mouth then, and Bucky wraps his tongue around them, slicks them up good and wet so Steve can push them inside him, along with the three fingers he's already got inside him. "Is that okay? Is it too much?""Not enough," Bucky answers, fucking himself back onto their fingers and then up into Steve's fist. "I want your cock inside me. I want everything.""I know," Steve says again, his cock hard and aching at the thought of fucking Bucky through the mattress, "but you're gonna have to wait, because I don't think I can stop touching you right now." Steve thinks he could come just from the fierce heat of Bucky's body clenching around his fingers, the velvet weight of Bucky's cock in his hand. Bucky reaches in and fumbles Steve's belt and fly open so he can pull out Steve's dick. Steve rubs against Bucky's hip, painting his skin with precome, and Bucky's whole body goes taut."Come on," Steve says. "Come for me now."And Bucky does, warm and wet and sticky over his belly and thighs, his voice a hoarse shout that might be Steve's name. Steve strokes him through it, knowing exactly when too much is enough, and rains kisses on his face and neck.He scoots down the bed, starts licking Bucky clean, the taste salty and familiar on his tongue, sweat and sex and Bucky in a way that's forever imprinted on Steve's memory. Bucky lets out a helpless little noise, dropping his hand into Steve's hair. The metal fingertips scritch against his scalp and Steve pushes up into it, loving how controlled and gentle Bucky can be with it, even now."Get up here," Bucky says, tugging on his hair and Steve lets himself be dragged up Bucky's body for a messy wet kiss that leaves him panting into Bucky's mouth.Bucky reaches down with the metal hand and jerks him hard, little twist on the upstroke like he knows Steve likes, and Steve thrusts into it, the metal warm against his skin. Heat bursts under his skin, the tension rising to the breaking point. He hovers there for an endless second, holding his breath before he lets it break over him, pleasure pulsing through him in waves. He sinks his teeth into Bucky's collarbone as he comes, and Bucky arches up into it with another one of those low, helpless moans Steve finds so hotly satisfying.He lies with his face pressed to Bucky's chest, panting against his skin, until the metal teeth of his zipper makes things uncomfortable. He shucks his clothes quickly, gets a couple of warm washcloths to clean up, and then gets back into bed.Bucky nuzzles into his neck, and Steve can feel the curve of his smile, the sharp glance of his teeth."You ready for round two?" he asks, his voice all low come-on, like they haven't just gotten off. "I'm still waiting for you to fuck me."Steve's dick is certainly ready, and Bucky knows it, grabs the lube from the nightstand 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Plot What Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

