Chapter 1: walk walk fashion baby
    




Chapter Text
It started off rather innocently at first. Mobius dropping compliments here and there. Nothing he hadn’t heard before really, just small things woven casually into conversation. He didn’t think much of it at first when Mobius offhandedly admitted he was a fan, that his metaphors that people always rolled their eyes at, made him sound smart. He was a god, after all, it was his birthright to be admired, for his power, his intelligence, to have people falling at his feet. But it was the way he said it. A jovial warmth in his eyes as his lips formed the words with a smile. Loki didn’t understand what he got out of complimenting him. Sure, he needed his help in bringing in the alternate version of himself. But he didn’t have much of a choice, he saw the way they turned the man in the ticket area to nothing but a quick spark of fleeting light. But it wasn’t until they started investigating that it became a problem. Loki’s tightly coiled resolve withering away with every touch, every praise until he was left a blushing mess.#The uncut grass of the Oklahoman field squidges as they walk side by side, practical boots leaving soggy prints behind them. The two men were going back where the minute men were killed. So far, they had found nothing, the alternate version of Loki leaving no clues behind. Part of him was smug that his doppelganger was so skilled, but mostly he was just frustrated. Loki watches as Mobius’s gait slowed, stopping to turn and look at him. His gaze drifted lazily over Loki’s form, taking in the ill-fitting uniform the TVA had given him. Mobius’s powder blue eyes meet his own, crinkling in amusement before speaking. “You know I kinda miss the whole Prince of Asgard look you had going on before. Really suited you.” Loki’s already sour mood from a day of trudging in bad weather worsened at the comment. He wasn’t a stranger to people laughing at his dramatic fashion choices, but he wasn’t expecting it from someone dressed like a Midgardian used car salesman. “Yes, yes, laugh it up,” Loki said snarkily.  “There aren’t any horn jokes I haven’t heard before.”“Ha yeah, I can imagine the puns,” Mobius said chuckling to himself.He watched as the other man started to wander around again, looking fruitlessly for clues. Loki stayed in place, watching the stray rays of the sun turn the other man’s rain-damp hair a shining silver. It wasn’t fair that the man could look so warm and attractive despite his soggy clothes and the mud caking his shoes.Snapping out of his thoughts, Loki began to begrudgingly catch up to him until they were once again shoulder to shoulder.“Regardless of your bad taste, surely you would agree this monstrosity the TVA gave me is a downgrade?” he said gesturing wildly at his person almost accidentally smacking Mobius in his effort. A frustrated noise left his mouth as he remembered his Asgardian leather armor being destroyed.  “For a place boasting its almightiness, you would assume they had a decent tailor.”Mobius eyes lit up with mirth at Loki’s show of frustration. “Yeah, we’re not really known for our style around here.” “Evidently.” “I was being serious though. It was a good look on you. I gotta say I’m also quite a fan of the long coat. Strikes an imposing figure,” Mobius said, his voice a shade more sincere than before. “Which I guess you were going for.”As he spoke, he patted Loki’s shoulder good-naturedly. Loki tensed at the contact, expecting pain. The tension leaked out of his body quickly, his shoulders tingling pleasantly at the contact. Mobius’s big hands leached warmth in past his clothes and onto his touch starved skin during the quick contact. Loki’s belatedly processing the comment, too caught up in the contact. His ears blazing red as a blush burned through him, the touch doing nothing but stoking the fire. A mirage of racing thoughts flew; half delighted at the compliment, the other suspicious of Mobius’s motive. Loki quickly schooled his expression into a look of practiced indifference, but pride shone through as he said, “It did work after all.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius

freeform: 
Praise Kink
Touch-Starved
5+1
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
not for any logical reason I just think blue Loki is neat
Competence Kink
Loki Needs a Hug (Marvel)
loki is suspicious of anyone being nice to him
Hurt/Comfort
Light Angst
the inherent homoeroticism of tending to wounds
flustered Loki
mobius is nice
not beta read we die like Loki in the sacred timeline
mobius wasn't lying when he said he was a fan
mainly fluff
written before episode 2 so no spoilers after ep 1
Insecure Loki (Marvel)
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
an unnecessary amount of hair playing
bi and pan solidarity
target audience: me
protective mobius
Just Kiss Already!
Mutual Pining
Russian Translation Available

fandom: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius

