Work Text:
"So, that could have gone better," Cap observed to no one in particular."Do you think this is still a training exercise, or did we just get our asses handed to us by actual bad guys?" asked Clint."If this is training I'm going to find Fury and hurt him," Tony declared from the floor, where he was laying on his back, hands folded on his stomach. It was the least painful position he could manage.  "And by 'hurt him' I mean 'locate his bank accounts and make them disappear'.""I don't know if that would slow him down at all," Clint said, tone speculative."I'll hide all his spare eye patches.""Don't," Clint said with feeling. "He'd assign me to kill your ass out of spite and I don't want that on my conscience.""Aw, Barton. You say the sweetest things!""Sweet, nothing. It'd be way too easy. I have a reputation to maintain.""Gentlemen," Cap said reprovingly. Tony tilted his head to get a better look, but the angle was wrong. It sounded like Cap was standing closer to the bars of their cell, looking out and, probably, doing responsible, sensible things like formulating escape plans."Christ, it's cold," Tony declared after a space of silence, watching his breath cloud the air above his head.They'd been attacked by frost giants. One moment, The Avengers had been running a mock battle simulation and the next there had been six inches of ice on everything and monsters had been pouring out of what looked like a black rip in the world, rimmed in a hazy rainbow. Okay, the rainbow hadn't been very frightening, but the rest of it had been crazy. Tony's armor was fortified against everything imaginable, except, apparently a magically induced snow storm.He'd lost visual contact, then his communicator had become nothing but static and then the ice had started to latch on like a living thing, searching out the seams in his armor, weighing it down and breaking it apart mid-flight.He'd crashed, he thought, maybe. The memories were scattered at best. When he'd woken up, he'd been stripped down to threadbare jeans and t-shirt and slumped haphazardly on the floor of a very cold cell constructed out of what appeared to be stone and snow, like he'd been tossed in carelessly and left where he fell. Everything had hurt and sparks kept appearing at the edge of his vision, followed by dark blotches that indicated probable concussion. Cap and Clint had already been awake, on their feet and mobile. Tony would join them in a minute. Just give him a little while longer of laying as still as possible, at least until he felt he could move without throwing up.Cap's snazzy red boots stepped into his vision, and then Cap leaned into Tony's line of sight with a worried expression, or possibly it was annoyance. Difficult to tell with the cowl up."You might do better if you got off the floor," Cap said. "It's colder than the air.""Nah, I'm good. Last time I was in a situation like this, it was three months in the desert. This is way better." Tony saw the frown that meant Cap was going to ask for elaboration and pushed on hastily. "Anyway, have you come up with how we're getting out of here, yet?"Sometimes he mentioned the desert just to prove to himself that he could, that he could work it casually into a sentence and not feel the tremors start somewhere behind his breastbone, not taste blood and sand, but that didn't mean he wanted to talk about it.Cap was duly distracted. "I'm not even sure where we are. It's just ice caverns out there.""The torches are glowing blue," Clint reported, having taken point, up near the bars of their cell. "We may not even be in Kansas anymore, Dorothy.""Does that make you Toto?" Cap asked with a quirked grin that looked gorgeous even from Tony's awkward angle."Which makes Stark the Tin Man."It was rare that Cap bantered, especially when they were still technically on a mission, and one part of Tony wanted to join in. On the other hand, he was freezing and couldn't feel his toes anymore, and that was the only part of him that didn't hurt."I hate magic," Tony said. He was pretty sure it was an opinion he'd stated before, but it bore repeating."Do we know where Dr. Banner is?" Steve asked."No," Clint answered, "I haven't--hold on." There was a scraping sound as Clint straightened from his slump against the wall. "I see something. They're bringing someone around."The ice giants sounded like what Tony assumed glaciers would sound like if they could grow legs and walk--the creak of dense, shifting snow and the crunch of ice. Clint backed away from the front of the cell until Tony could see him again and then, suddenly, Cap was crouched over him, wrapping ridiculously strong arms around Tony's torso and shoulder blades and lifting."Up you go," Cap said. "Come on."Tony sucked in a breath and had to clench his teeth against a yelp of pain as Cap pulled him to his feet and pushed him toward the back of the cell, leaning him up against up against the wall and taking a defensive position in front of him. The well-meaning
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Someone hug Tony!
Hurt/Comfort
Team Dynamics
Mentions of PTSD
Bruce and Clint are BFFs!
Bruce and Clint touch each other a lot.
But I wouldn't really call it slash (even if it sort of is in my head)
Banter
Community: cap_ironman

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

