Chapter 1: the beginning of the beginning
    




Chapter Text
This is not how you thought your week would go.No, this was a little much.You started your Monday with Loki, God of Mischief, crash landing through the lab you’d been completing your summer placement at, brainwashing your boss (and the nice agent guy who watched over the glowing nuclear cube), and, finally, stealing the one thing you’d been studying for the entirety of summer 2012 for your first official research journal outside of undergrad while pursuing your doctorate.By Thursday, Midtown had been reduced to debris, aliens were confirmed real, the Avengers were a household name, and you were desperately trying to wrangle a stir-crazy Erik Selvig off the rooftop terrace of Stark Tower in the aftermath.“Erik, where are your pants?!”“They were burnt.”His eyes aren’t a milky blue anymore, so you suppose that’s a good thing — he is, however, off his metaphysical shits and you’re really trying to get him to calm down in the Stark Tower lobby when the aforementioned Avengers pull a glorified perp walk for the reporters clamoring outside.You try not to stare — but it is a little bit hard when he stalks by.It’s not because you’re aware of the future implications your friendship and, in turn, relationship will have on the proper flow of time. No, it’s because you’re lucky enough to say your previous encounter in the week with him left you unscathed (if not a bit traumatized), which seems to be the exact opposite case for the majority of Downtown.As someone who knew Thor — and decently well at that — you found it difficult to see the two Gods being related at all. It’s as if one was born by the sun, and the other the moon, and while everything about Thor seemed like a thunderstorm in July, his brother clearly lacked the warmth and gilded personality of his Avenging counterpart.You suppose that, maybe, that’s the whole point.Y’know, age-old storytelling and all that.Swathed in the colorful team of superheroes, the infamous Loki towers over them all. His cape, emerald and tattered, follows him like a shadow and you have to fight the urge to snarl. He’s tall, a little bit like a shade, and regal in a way that’s totally different from the other Asgardian royalty you’re familiar with. He’s imposing and even when he’s muzzled, you can see the cunning flash of a smirk when he spots your manic, half-dressed boss by the lobby’s main desk.Loki looks less sickly since you last saw him – he’s all sharp angles and split lip now, though.It’s funny that, in about an hour’s time, everything about this moment will be different.It’ll hold different weight, different context.The God is smug.Erik notices.Annoyance bites at your nerves as Erik begins to slip into a Norwegian diatribe directed at the fallen Silvertongue. You groan, deciding right then and there that you’re exhausted beyond comprehension and that today has been all too long. You move quickly. You let out a curse as you push yourself between the now stopped group of Avengers and the angry, pants-less astrophysicist.“Erik, c’mon, why don’t we go for a walk—”“Yep, go ahead, pal,” Tony Stark, clearly just as exasperated as you are, chirps, “Walk it out. Half a’ New York has a bone to pick with Hot Topic over here.”“He is a disgrace! A-A cosmic buffoon!”You’re pressed between Tony and Erik, feeling the eyes of the God bore into your skull as you try to save him from the delirious verbal smackdown your boss was looking to serve. You can pretty much confirm that Erik definitely has a head injury. Or… You dunno, he’s always been weird. But, in the last hour you’ve heard a little bit too much about Ufology to call this Erik’s normal baseline.You plant a hand on his tattered dress shirt, pleading quietly with a mildly horrified look at the realization that people are staring, Erik.“Can’t we do this somewhere else?” you grit out with a sense of urgency.It’s at that moment that you do a double-take at the doors of the lobby. There’s a bustle. You note the sudden appearance of Alex Pierce – the resident member of the World Security Council who, no doubt, had a bone to pick with Stark. Judging by the tightening of Tony’s grip on the briefcase in his hands, he’s aware. The man is parading through the doors of the lobby, surrounded by agents in crisp suits.This is a nightmare. The clowns are running the show.Right now, you could go for a glass of wine.And ice cream.And maybe some more wine on top of that. It’s a whole bottle kinda day.You blink around Erik, deciding no, no fucking way, this is so above your pay grade, before exasperatedly groaning, “Why don’t we go get Starbucks — you like those frappuccino things they have, right, Erik?”At this point, you’re just desperately trying to not discredit you and Erik’s research journal with his antics being broadcast by the Newsweek and CNN cameras lurking outside alike. All in front of the World Security Council. And S.H.I.E.L.D.…This is bad.Meanwhile, Loki can’t help but think 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Soulmates
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
In the Sacred Timeline
they're in love
But here? They hate one another
Time Travel
Lady Loki
Established Relationship
Fluff and Angst
Eventual Smut
Slow Burn
lots of feelings
Sylvie has a relationship with a Variant of the reader
Reader Variants
Loki is in love

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

