Chapter 1: Vanaheim
    


Notes:
As usual, thank you so much to my beta mareebird, whom I really couldn’t do without at this point!A note on canon compliance: I wrote this fic between April 2020 and December 2020. I expect that sometime within my posting timeframe, this fic verse will get jossed, if not by "Loki" then certainly by "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" and/or "Thor: Love and Thunder." I'll strive for canon compliance where I can, but know that this will, at a certain point, definitely only be canon compliant through "Wandavision."Banner by nonexistenz!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


It was a mistake to keep this single knife in my heart so long, but it is my knife, and my heart, too.
Richard Jackson, “Basic Algebra”
 
 A full day felt like a long time to go without nearly being brained by a falling object—and yet, here Loki was. He hadn’t had to duck out of the way, he hadn’t had to shield his head, he hadn’t had to dive for cover. That was how he knew it was time to go.

 Alright, so it was a bit of an unorthodox portent, but there had been so much building and rebuilding, so much construction in Vanaheim’s new capital city. Thor and Loki had been so involved in it over the past year that for a day to go by without a near accident—well, it was because they hadn’t been at a construction site. And the reason they weren’t was because the Vanir had it well in hand. No one had asked for their help. And when Loki had inquired whether their advice would be needed today, the response had come back in the negative.

 Leaves, dry and silvery, curled into rolls, crunched under Loki’s boots as he made his way up the hill, following Thor. Dappled sunlight filtered through the branches high above them, the tall trees of Vanaheim quiet and stately. Asgard had always felt ancient to Loki. Vanaheim was something else entirely. The Vanir had been old when the Aesir had laid the first stones of Asgard. Before the Bifrost, before the Nine Realms, before all of it, the Vanir had been here.

 They reached the top of the rise and stopped, standing side by side as the hill fell steeply away at their feet. Gray rocks stuck out, covered in lichen, and tufts of grass blew in a gentle breeze. The forest had been cleared eons ago from the valley below them, where a village had stood for probably almost as long. A brook tumbled down the hill off to their right, sparkling in the sun, wending its way down into the valley, its path seemingly unchanged over the millennia. It wasn’t, obviously. Loki knew enough geology to know that. But everything on Vanaheim seemed static. Unmoving. Unchanging.

 Perhaps it wasn’t so much that he knew it was time to go as that he was itching to leave.

 Thor was staring at the village, a thoughtful expression on his face. Loki watched him out of the corner of his eyes. ‘Thoughtful’ wasn’t quite right. His brother looked…peaceful? Oh, gods. He had to stifle an eye roll. That was the last thing he needed. Thor finding himself on Vanaheim, falling in love with this planet and its people, its ancient tradition and rhythms, unchanged for thousands upon thousands of years, stretching so far back into the past that even the two of them, with over a millennium each of living under their belts, couldn’t conceive of the amount of time. The idea of it made Loki faintly queasy. Loki could leave Vanaheim without Thor, but it wasn’t what he wanted. They’d come here a year ago together, and the plan had always been to leave together, too.

 “You look like you’re in pain,” Loki said. “That must mean you’re thinking about something.”

 Thor smirked at him. “You’re being insulting. That must mean you’re feeling emotional about something.”

 “Don’t be absurd,” Loki sniffed. “I’m being insulting because it’s what I do.”

 With a chuckle, Thor shook his head and looked over the valley again. Smoke rose from homes in the distance and chimes sounded faintly on the wind, even from so far away. The wind caught Loki’s hair and blew it across his face. He pushed it back behind his ear. The previous year, while they’d been adventuring around the galaxy, it had all been hacked off. Even worse than being pressed into military service on an alien planet was having your hair chopped down to nothing. He ran a hand through it. Not quite back to the length it had been before Preccat, but it was close.

 “Thor,” Loki said. Then, he paused. How to phrase this? The last thing he wanted was to put an idea in his brother’s head that hadn’t been there before. But that peaceful expression had returned to Thor’s face. A dreaminess, almost. Loki couldn’t let this go on. “Thor,” he said again, his tone more careful this time. “How long were you thinking of staying here?”

 Thor turned to him. Loki raised his eyebrows. “Up here?” Thor asked. “Are you bored of the view already?”

 Loki sighed huffily. “You know that’s not what I meant. Here. On Vanaheim.” Gesturing, he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange & Thor

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon-Typical Behavior
Sexual Content
Body Horror
Outer Space
The Nine Realms
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Unreliable Narrator
Complicated Relationships
Brothers
Original Character(s)
Loki Has Issues (Marvel)
Loki is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Thor is a Good Bro (Marvel)
canon typical levels of poor decision making
Loki Needs a Hug (Marvel)
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Language
POV Loki (Marvel)
Space Battles
Emotional Constipation
Bisexual Loki (Marvel)
hints of Loki/Stephen Strange
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Álfheimr | Alfheim
War Bear
Frenemies
IN SPACE!
Queer Characters

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange & Thor

