Work Text:
As usual, losing his temper with Stark doesn’t actually manage to fix anything. He’s still wound up and angry by evening. Nat spends dinner pressing her knee against his when she sits down beside him on the couch, which he recognizes as code: we’ll drink Clint’s good stuff all night if you want to. But he doesn’t do it. Instead he goes back to one of the spare bedrooms and sits on the bed and looks at his hands. He takes his phone out and rereads his last conversation with Sam — is something going down? — sit tight eyes open — and thinks about calling, but ultimately decides not to. He brushes his teeth with his index finger in the bathroom. He shuts the light off and walks back to the room he’s bunking down in, ready for a sleepless night.Stupidly, the first thing that he notices is the open window.“Don’t move.” “Buck.”“Stay where you are.” His voice is rough and disused. He looks terrible — stubble so thick it’s nearly a beard, and unwashed long hair, and a baseball cap. Steve’s heart is in his throat. He couldn’t move even if he wanted to. He realizes dimly that he’s shaking all over his body.“You can put the gun down.” Steve doesn’t even know what he’s saying: all he can hear is the deafening rush of blood in his head. “I ain’t gonna do anything. I ain’t gonna hurt you. Bucky, please. I —“Bucky throws down the pistol. Just drops it out of his hand and onto the floor. He takes a step closer, and another, and another. “Steve,” he says. He sounds like his heart is breaking, and his eyes are big, and his mouth is twisted. “Stevie.”Steve can’t help it. He fists a hand in Bucky’s ratty green jacket and pulls him close. Their bodies are suddenly touching everywhere, hips, shoulders, chests, arms, heads. Steve sucks in a breath without meaning to, a deep, shuddering noise. And Bucky clings to him like he’s dying, or drowning, or falling, shoving his face into Steve’s hair. He cups the back of Steve’s head with his metal hand. It clicks and revs, quietly, while he shakes.“I’m here,” Steve gasps, and clutches at him. “Oh, God. I’m here. I’m right here.” “Stevie,” Bucky’s murmuring, “I saw on the television. You hurt? Steve? Answer me. Answer me.” “No, I’m not hurt, I’m not — Jesus Christ, Buck, are you alright?” And then before he really processes what he’s doing he’s patting him down, touching his face, and the hair on his face, and his hard, huge shoulders, checking for injuries. “Are you alright?”His throat is closing up on him and his vision is blurring. He shoves it down and blinks hard so  he can really look him over. Buck seems better, even though his eyes are little wild, and his whole body is held tight. Suddenly Steve is hyperaware of the fact that he’s in a little cabin with a team of trained spies and a god and Tony fucking Stark. “Did anybody see you come in?” he demands, in a whisper. “Buck —““No, nobody saw — whaddaya think, huh? Jesus, no, nobody…” Bucky says. He’s so shaken. He grabs Steve’s face in his hands, and at least his right hand is familiar: strong, sturdy, with calloused square fingers. He stares at Steve, and searches his eyes. Steve lets him. “It’s you,” Steve says.“Sorry,” Buck replies, almost nonsensically, his voice low. He’s still staring at him, his eyes darting over Steve’s face, cataloging — memorizing, Steve realizes, and it makes his insides twist. “I’ll go in a minute. I just gotta…I had to look at you.” Steve might as well be back in Brooklyn in 1930 when Bucky talks that way. He feels like he’s been kicked in the chest.“Bucky,” says Steve helplessly. “I don’t remember a lot,” Bucky murmurs, “But I remember this.” And he smashes their mouths together. Steve makes a noise in his throat he doesn’t recognize, something like a sob, and knocks Bucky’s hat off to fist both hands in his dirty hair. Bucky hauls him closer. Their teeth click. It hurts. It hurts so goddamn bad. Bucky grabs Steve around the waist, and then wraps him up in his arms. Steve is hard faster than he’s ever been in his life: Bucky’s hands, Bucky’s big hands — he’s missed this, he’s missed sex, missed it desperately, horribly — he’s missed Bucky’s thigh pushing his legs apart, he’s missed the way Bucky kisses; the way he holds him down; the way it is to be wanted, the way it is to please someone. There’s a whir and a click in the quiet. His left arm around Steve’s back is strong and hard. Steve doesn’t care.“Come here,” Bucky’s muttering, hot, a growl in his voice. “Come here, c’mere…” They can’t get close enough. Bucky starts pulling on Steve’s shirt and roughly he gets it over his head. He makes a hungry sound in his throat when he kisses Steve again. Steve doesn’t know what he’s allowed to touch. He pushes Bucky’s shirt up between them and scratches his blunt nails down Bucky’s torso, hard and flat with muscle. It still makes Bucky crazy. “Baby,” Bucky rasps, quiet, into Steve’s mouth. Steve feels his heart stop dead in his chest. “Baby…”“God,” Steve manages. “Oh, Buck. God —“ “I was supposed to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

