Chapter 1: To-may-to To-mah-to, Po-tay-to Vodka
    




Chapter Text
Peter was excited, it was the first time in a long time that he had experienced the feeling. Six months ago his Aunt May had died. A drug addict had been admitted to the hospital she was a nurse at and there had been a struggle to get him down so they could take a look at him. May had gotten pushed and hit her head on the corner of a table in the fall. It was a freak accident but  that made it no less devastating. The twenty year old college student had been an absolute mess. Mr. Stark had really stepped up by taking him in. Mr. Stark had been putting money into an account for him for years, because he didn’t believe in unpaid internships like other companies. “There is no reason you young people can’t learn as you go, pay your dues and all that jazz AND get paid while you’re at it.” he huffed at Peter’s protest over the money.Peter felt a little weird because while he certainly learned a lot from Mr. Stark he most certainly was not paying his dues….whatever that meant. He did go down to lower floors to help out. Ms. Potts had suggested it years ago. She said it was great to play around with Mr. Stark but he should get to know the other interns and some of the workers of S.I. After actually going down to talk to people he realized that her suggestion had to do with the air of mystery that had surrounded him that he had never been aware of. Everyone was aware of Mr. Stark’s personal intern but no one knew anything about him. Which made Peter feel a little bad when it seemed like a lot of the older employees thought he was some spoiled brat nephew or something. Which he supposed was better than them thinking he was Mr. Stark’s illegitimate son.Mr. Stark  had decided to take him in so he wouldn’t have to be alone. Peter had protested but in the end admitted it was nice. Plus he did have a bedroom at the Avenger’s compound so he could still patrol easily. Though after  Mr. Stark found out he was running himself into the ground by trying to patrol when ever he wasn’t in  class he had been benched for awhile. Assignments had been thrown together at the last minute, he forgot to eat,and sleep did not matter. All he could think about was that if he had been patrolling maybe he could have done something different. Right now his patrol schedule is very limited which was better. Karen did monitor him and let Me. Stark know if he wasn't okay.He had started to visit Dr. Strange at his inner sanctum. Mr. Stark hadn’t been thrilled at first but it was hard to argue after visiting with Dr. Strange Peter had started to pick up the pieces of his life. Slowly the two men started to talk and went from reluctant friends to more than that. Peter felt a little bad about that because he had been planning something for a few months. It was funny how alike Dr. Strange and Mr. Stark were. He was misleading them both. They thought he was getting better but he had been pretending. He needed people to stop worrying about him so much.Peter was putting the finishing touches on the machine he was working on. It was going to take him back in time so he could save May. Mr. Stark says there was nothing he could have done and even if he had happened to be out as Spider-man at that time it wouldn’t have changed anything. But Mr. Stark was wrong. With this machine and the spell he had snuck out of the sanctum he would be able to go back and Spider-man could do his damn job. “Peter, when was the last time you slept?” FRIDAY asked. “You have the certain….cagey air about you that Boss gets as well.”Peter thought. “I don’t know….what day is it FRI?”“It is Tuesday the 15th.” “Then two days. It’s fine, I’m on spring break.” he answered, trying to focus on setting up the spell.“I’m afraid I must initiate the Time For Bed protocol set up by Ms. Potts.” the AI warned.“No need Fri. I’ll sleep when I get back.” he said before pushing the start button. The machine started to hum to life and the keyboard lit up. Though when the machine started to spark and smoke Peter’s eyes widened. There was a flash of light and everything went black.When his eyes open Peter gives a groan of pain.He blinks a few times and frowns, the sky above him is dark. Nighttime? It had been the middle of the afternoon when he had been in the lab.“Ohmigod you’re alive!”Peter opened his eyes after closing them for a few moments and saw there was a blonde woman with pigtails now leaning over him.“Geeze I thought I had found a dead body….again.” the woman complained.“Again?” he croaked out as he tried to sit up.The woman just shrugged. “Hey it’s Gotham.”“Gotham? Peter repeated as he looked around. He was laying in what looked like a dirty alley. Gross.“Yeah it ain't pretty but hey….it’s home.” the woman shrugged with a smile.“I don’t know where that is.” Peter replied. “Aren’t we in New York?” Now it was the blonde that looked confused. “New York? Where’s that?”“You have a Brooklyn accent. It’s in New York!” Peter’s head
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Jason Todd
Tim Drake/Peter Parker
Selina Kyle/Bruce Wayne
Peter Parker&Aunty Sirens
Pamela Isley/Harleen Quinzel
Jonathan Kent/Damian Wayne
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
I will add tags as I think of them
Lost spider child
If found please return to Tony Stark and or Stephen Strange
Aunty Sirens
Sorry Aunt May
Batman is not amused by the new hero in town
Red Hood is
Peter doing his best
Don't post my work to other sites
Protective Pamela Isley
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Stephen Strange Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Jason Todd
Tim Drake is Bad at Feelings
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Jason Todd Needs A Hug
Protective Selina Kyle
Found Family
IronStrange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Dorks in Love
Idiots in Love
I often write instead of sleeping

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Jason Todd
Tim Drake/Peter Parker
Selina Kyle/Bruce Wayne
Peter Parker&Aunty Sirens
Pamela Isley/Harleen Quinzel
Jonathan Kent/Damian Wayne
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

