Chapter 1: one mississippi, you're here (loving me with your whole heart)
    


Summary:

Stephen Strange and Toni Stark.1991-2000



Notes:
recapitulando: Toni came back on 16.12.91. Maria Stark is still alive (born in 1941, 69 years old); Howard Stark (1991), Ana and Edwin Jarvis (1995) are all dead. As of February 2010, Toni (35) has already built JARVIS, is CEO of SI, who no longer produces weapons, and is Iron Queen. They live together in Malibu still.Her close friends are:James "Rhodey" Rhodes (06.10.1972, 37, military, married to Hope), Bruce Banner (18.12.1972, 37, technically unemployed, helps in India and global south mostly), Hope Van Dyne (03.08.1975, 34, Board Member at Pym Tech, head of New York branch), Sharon Carter (28.02.1975, 35, SWORD agent) Happy Hogan (19.10.1969, driver and bodyguard), Pepper Potts (13.02.1976, 33, COO at SI - training for CEO), Loki (... ancient? 1000+, Prince of Asgard).She broke up with Stephen Strange (11.11.1973, 36, neurosurgeon @ metro hospital) in November of 2000.They have a child together Peter Parker Stark (12.08.2001, 8, homeschooled).She is close friends with Evelyn Keener (26.09.1980, 30, works at a diner in Tennessee), and Aunt Toni to Harley Keener (08.03.2002) and Ashley Keener (28.12.2005).Inner circle but not as close are: Peggy Carter (retired from SHIELD), Maria Rambeau (director of SWORD) and Monica Rambeau (university student).Speaks to but aren't actually friends: Ancient One.She has not spoken to Carol or Fury ever since the day she met them.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


 
Earth-200207: January 1992
The first time Stephen Strange met Toni Stark, they were at an aptly named ‘geniuses gala’ in New York, organised to sponsor the brightest - and youngest - minds in America. It was not the first time he had heard of her, of course. Stephen would bet that there were very few individuals left in America who did not know who Toni Stark was, no matter their age. Daughter of  the Howard Stark, child genius who made a circuit board at age 4 and who started MIT at 14?She was probably the number one example parents used against their children when they did not study hard enough.Not Stephen’s parents, of course. Stephen was just as smart as she was, if not more. The only thing he did not have was the money Stark was always surrounded by, money that probably convinced her teachers and lecturers to let her skip as many grades/classes as she had.Stephen did not doubt that she was incredibly smart. But no one other than the daughter of Howard Stark could get away with bypassing so many grades: Stephen would know, he had tried very hard, and gotten rebuffed at every turn, even when he proved himself smarter than everyone in his classes (including the teachers, at times).He had heard of her father passing away, so he had not expected her to attend such an event. Then again, she was a socialite as well as a genius. Image was everything to those rich types.She did look slightly upset, though. Not enough to tip off everyone, but there was an almost lost expression on her face as she stood near the food table, a chalice twirling between her fingers.Stephen had not really planned on speaking to her - he found her interesting and she was famous, but he wasn’t going to go after her like all those other guys at the ball thirsting over a still underage girl - but then he had gone to get some food for himself, and she had called out to him.“Hey.”Stephen had been a little surprised. The girl had avoided every man at the event like the plague, and had only offered smiles that she did not mean to the women who approached her, so it was a little odd for her to be speaking to him.“Miss Stark,” he said, offering her his hand, because he did have manners. “A pleasure to meet you. My name is Stephen Strange.”“Mr Strange,” she answered, accepting it, and frowning slightly. “I have heard of you.”This time Stephen was not that surprised, though he was very pleased. He might not have the fame and exposure Antoinette Stark had, but he had been making the rounds already. Youngest student to enrol at Hopkins. “All good things, I presume?”Again she looked at him a little oddly, like she was debating whether or not to bring something up. “Apparently you are some sort of genius in your field,” she said after a second. “Something to do with medicine, right?” Uh. Stephen hadn’t known his area of study had been leaked already. Though he was not surprised that someone like her kept up with the gossip. “Yes. All I heard about you is questions on who you will be taking home tonight...” he trailed off, a little condescendingly, and internally winced. He had been trying to sound polite and questioning, but he felt like he had missed the mark, considering how quickly Stark’s expression switched to irritation and then to blank again.She was speaking before he could apologise. “Ah, yes. I already got two degrees in the bag, engineering and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Hope Van Dyne

freeform: 
Time Travel
Do-Over
Sister Reality
Reincarnation
Kinda
Female Tony Stark
Soul travel
Maria Stark's A+ Parenting
Maria Stark Lives
POV Multiple
Sentient Infinity Stones (Marvel)
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Civil War Team Iron Man
Mother-Son Relationship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
sharon carter and tony stark are cousins
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne Friendship
Platonic Soulmates
Male-Female Friendship
Unreliable Narrator
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Jealousy
Loki Does What Loki Wants (Marvel)
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Stephen Strange's Biological Child
Major Character Injury
Hurt Stephen Strange
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Stephen Strange Needs a Hug
Toni gives him one
Mutual Pining
Recovered Memories
Soul Magic
Infinity Stones Shenanigans
Loki was mindcontrolled in the Avengers
Odin's Bad Parenting (Marvel)
Frigga's C+ Parenting
Miscommunication
Father-Son Relationship
Protective Hulk (Marvel)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Hope Van Dyne

