Work Text:
Check your watch. Two o'clock in the morning, almost to the second. He checked again. Two o'clock. Checked the slim, silver digital clock mounted over the door of the shooting range. Two o'clock. Probably time he put away the bow and got some sleep.
You sure?
Checked the clock again. Two-oh-one. His watch agreed, and he paused for a moment, eyes flicking between the two, watching the seconds count off. Perfectly in sync.The watch had been a gift from Phil. Well, from Tony, but Phil was the one who had asked Tony to put it together, citing something about needing Clint's timekeeping to match up with everyone else's even when he was stationed far from the rest of the team. It had been a good line, and Tony had nodded, and now Clint had a watch with a tiny maser in it, spontaneously oscillating to keep time, a miniature atomic clock for his wrist.His time was never wrong. When they went into the field, everybody else synchronized their chronographs with his watch. Hell, JARVIS was synchronized with his watch.Clint couldn't explain why it mattered. But it did.Okay. Two-oh-four in the morning. He'd been locked in here practising for the better part of six hours now, and it was working, like it always did, steady rhythms of nock-draw-release letting his mind blank itself out, letting him forget for a little while. If he didn't think about anything, he didn't have to worry about anything. If he didn't think about anything, he could let go.Slowly, he disassembled the bow, coiling the string around four fingers of his right hand and tucking it into its sleeve. The smooth curves of the bow arms felt good in his hands; he tested them gently, once, twice, then put them away as well, fitting the riser into its slot between them, settling it securely. Normally, he practised with the compound bow, because it was what he took into the field most often. But his first love had been recurve, and on rough days, it was what he went back to when he needed to tune out for a while.Today had been a recurve day.He closed the lid of the bow case, paused, opened it again, checked that everything was in place. One finger ran gently along the servings of the bowstring. A little bit of wax collected there, he noticed… and the serving at the nocking point was getting kind of worn anyway…Dammit.He knew better than to look so closely at something like that this late at night.Okay. All right. He should be in bed, he knew that, but it wasn't going to work, just telling himself that. There was wear on the serving; he needed to fix that, wouldn't be able to sleep if he didn't. So instead of dwelling on the time (later and later, as his watch quietly hummed past two-thirty), he fumbled in a drawer in the armoury until his fingers closed around a reel of purple 62XS. There, okay, and the jig was already set up, and the serving tool…… was at his shoulder, firmly gripped in Phil's hand.He looked up. Silence, for a moment, and then he gestured to the bowstring he was holding, already looped around one end of the jig. "Little bit of wear on the nocking point, thought I'd take care of it before…""It's two-thirty-nine in the morning."Automatically, Clint checked his watch, the clock, his watch, the clock. "Only take a minute."Phil looked at him as though he wanted to say something, but in the end he just surrendered the serving tool and took a seat next to the bowstring jig, careful to sit so that he was in line with Clint's peripheral vision while he worked. Having people hovering behind him, where he couldn't see, made Clint uncomfortable. Phil knew that.Clint checked his watch again. Phil knew a lot of things.It was true, though, about the serving; the whole job really did take less than five minutes and then the string was back in its sleeve, the bow case closed, checked (Phil held it open, letting him look, but not handing over the case), closed again and put away."Done?" Phil asked him.Clint stepped through the doors into the range again, flipped on the harsh lights and did a last visual scan before locking the door, closing it and testing the handle. "Done."Phil trailed him all the way to his quarters, ten steps behind and off to the side where Clint could see him, waiting until Clint tipped his head enquiringly, inviting Phil inside. They were long past the point where either of them needed that kind of invitation, but sometimes, when Phil found Clint in the armoury in the middle of the night with his recurve bow, he waited for Clint's lead anyway.Sitting on the edge of the bed, stripping down to boxer shorts and crew-neck, he listened to the sounds from the bathroom. Phil knew the routine well by now; wash hands, brush teeth, wash hands again. Clint did things twice. That was just how he worked. Of course there were advantages and disadvantages to it, and Phil had catalogued them all, but they were irrelevant, because Clint did things twice and that wasn't going to change.Feeling Clint's weight settle on the other side of the bed, ro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

