Work Text:
Steve doesn't bother denying it. That probably makes Bucky's blood boil more than the thing itself. Because who the hell trusts the word of the guys on the block anyway? Rumors trickle out of mouths and into ears all the time; they don't necessarily hold a grain of truth. So—drinking buddies be damned—Bucky'd popped that guy from down the block right in his fat nose and told him to quit flapping his trap. He figured Steve would be glad and agree that it was all a bunch of horseshit. "Didn't you hear me?" Bucky tries to meet Steve's eyes. Steve lifts his newspaper higher. (The rag's a day old, gets 'em from their neighbor when she's through with it.) "He was dragging your name through the mud.""I don't care what people say about me," Steve says mildly. He folds over Sports and examines the type with care. All it would take is Steve's tacit agreement that the guy was in the wrong, and Bucky wouldn't be bothered anymore. And there goes Steve, giving him nothing but who cares. Bucky doesn't press the issue, but he watches more closely. And as the weeks go by, he feels a fool for not seeing what's been plain as the nose on his face. Steve staying out late till all hours. Steve hissing over his scabbed knees, dabbing them with iodine while crouched on the edge of the bathtub. Steve buttoning up his shirt all the way to his throat even in the high heat of midday. So maybe the rumors are true. Except they can't be, Bucky's sure of it. Little Stevie? One of the fairies that—? Bucky can't say the words out loud. But having one guy right after the other, it's not right. It's dangerous, is what it is. Bucky waits up one of the late nights. Is sitting right there at the kitchen table when Steve drags himself in just ahead of the sun. "Aw Jesus," Steve mutters at the sight of him.Bucky can't even eke out a curse. Steve's a ruin: hair mussed and stringy, face streaked with grime, stains on the front of his trousers, a shirt tail waving. He smells of it. All those guys. Reeks with layers of sweat and jizz and spittle."It's true?" Bucky's mouth is desert-dry. "The stuff they were saying about you?""That's nobody's business but mine," Steve says, and sweeps past Bucky before he can even stand. There's not a lot of space in this apartment to run or hide, so Bucky just follows him into their tiny shared bedroom while Steve unbuttons his cuffs."Steve, why didn't you tell me you're hurting for cash? Christ, I can lend you what you need, you don't have to—"Steve turns to stare at him, brow furrowed. "You think this is about money?" He shakes his head. "I don't take money from anyone, Buck.""Then why do it?" Bucky begs. Could be blackmail, he thinks. Could be lots of things."Because," Steve says, tired, "I like it."Bucky hadn't thought it could be that. Hadn't even entered his brain. And now that it has, the idea takes root in the dirt. Pictures of Steve laid out for a whole row of guys, panting for it, crying out for more, spread wide and filthy like a— Whores get paid, so he's not sure what you'd call this."But it's against the law," Bucky says instead, and it sounds so very weak on his tongue. A shrug. "So's living in this flop." The whole building was supposed to be up-to-code three years ago. But where's a guy like Steve (and by extension, his best pal) supposed to live if not in the cheapest of the cheap? Which brings Buck back to the issue of money, and why a body would do this if not for payment. Steve looks at him—him—with pity. "You don't understand, do you?"He doesn't. He can't. The excuses he comes up with are varied and hollow: Steve's lack of self-preservation; Steve's absent father; Steve's bad luck with girls. It's all pushed Steve to this, right? Why else. "I like it," Steve repeats, turning and stripping his shirt over his head, for once unconcerned about Bucky's eyes on his bruises, the scratch marks. "And I'm going to keep doing it when I feel like doing it. And if you don't like it?" He kicks off his shoes and crawls into bed. "Go to hell," muffled sleepily into his pillow. At least take a bath, Bucky wants to say. At least tell me why. Tell me anything that'll make sense of this. But he doesn't say anything. And in the morning, Steve makes them oatmeal for breakfast and chats about the chances of rain like it's a normal Sunday, and Bucky feels like he must be going insane. Steve is still somehow Steve and Bucky doesn't see how that's possible. So he follows. The very next time Steve takes off after dark, shrugging into his light jacket and saying he's going to get bread for tomorrow when they both know damn well the grocer's closed and the bakery's empty. Bucky waits a few minutes, and then he follows. He loses Steve a few times around corners or cutting through alleys. Ends up wandering around empty streets for nearly twenty minutes, just him and his shadow and the buzz of the street lamps. But then he catches some movement in the dark and he walks toward it.Turns out to be a man smoking a hand-rol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Gangbang
Unresolved Emotional Tension
Period Typical Attitudes
Public Sex
Anonymous Sex
Wet & Messy
Comeplay
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Brooklyn
dubcon
Bittersweet Ending
Bottom Steve Rogers
POV Bucky Barnes
HYDRA Trash Compactor Challenge

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

