Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The big dumb ape her boss calls cook stubs his toe and just goes “splat” right into the griddle. His hand gets burned so bad the other waitress says she’s gonna be sick and the boss kicks all the customers out with an apology and a weak smile and Angie gets clean up duty and closing duty because the other girl is as green as their uniforms and the boss wears a tie and no fella in a tie is gonna sack up the trash or wipe down the griddle. No siree. Angie glances at the entrance more than she maybe should while she cleans up. She hadn’t seen Peggy at breakfast that morning and was kind of hoping—as stupid as it maybe was—that she’d stop by for a slice of pie after work. Angie’s even left the slice out and the boss has already left for the night so she could let Peggy in and everything.She gets all these pictures of how it’d be. Her cleaning and gabbing and Peggy sitting on the stool by the window, framed in the light of the city, legs crossed at the knee and lips pursed in thought as she considers the slice of pie and whether or not it “really is too large for just one person Angie.”Then maybe Peggy’d smile at her.Gosh golly Peggy has a nice smile. The kind that just warms a girl up from toe to top.Angie doubles down on scrubbing the griddle because, let’s face it, girls aren’t supposed to get all warm thinking about other girls’ smiles. Maybe when they’re still, you know, girls, and their ma does their hair in braids and kisses them on the top of the head and tells ‘em they’re beautiful.But not when they’re firmly in adulthood and living on their own with all those apron strings long ago snipped and the close bosom buddy girlfriend feelings reserved for doing each other’s nails before a date with a big galunk of a guy.She cleans the griddle until she can almost see her face in it and Peggy still doesn’t show. Same after she mops. And after she wipes down every countertop. She leaves the pie alone while she sacks up the trash. So Peggy isn’t gonna darken her door and split a piece of cherry pie with her. Who cares! She’ll finish her work and finish her pie and still be home by curfew.Unlike some ladies who can’t even bother to talk to their friends on a regular basis.Outside the city’s cold but muggy. The fog’s rolled in and everything is damp, but not wet enough that she’ll be able to use her umbrella on her walk to the train. It’s clingy like a bed date and makes Angie shiver.There’s enough water to make nasty little puddles that she has to side step to keep from ruining her company issues shoes.  She’s busy eyeing the alley way puddles on her way to the trash so she almost misses the figure lurking in the shadows like a creep.Almost.Only Angie’s no fool. She was raised up wise and when she realizes there’s somebody just standing there she hefts her bag of trash over her shoulder like a weapon and tells ‘em to “come on out” in what she hopes to hell is a forceful sounding way.But the figure, instead of stepping out, just kind of slumps. Sliding down the wall and hiting the ground like a sack of potatoes.The light catches ‘em once they hit the ground and Angie squints trying to figure out if she can— “English?”The nickname she saddled Peggy with just slips out. Not her actual name, which Angie has used on more than one occasion, but the nickname she likes to lay out when she’s thinking too much about Peggy’s smile and needs to put up a little distance.Peggy doesn’t smile. Probably because she’s white as a sheet and only about half conscious. Angie creeps closer and watches the shifty way Peggy breathes. Kind of like when her little sister got the flu back in ’28 and her last breath just rattled out.She drops the trash on the other side of Peggy, shielding the both of them a little from the street, and she reaches out to touch her face.Cool. Clammy. But warm enough to be alive still. “Peggy,” she whispers curiously.Dark eyes flutter open, but they’re cloudy with confusion. “Angie,” she finally whispers. Peggy’s voice is thick.She cups Peggy’s face like her own cold hands can transfer a little warmth. “Hey,” she says, and she manages to stop herself from adding a “kiddo,” because she’s pretty sure Peggy’s older and smarter and usually wiser than her. “You know the last guy who used the backdoor got hit upside his backdoor with a broom.” Peggy sort of smiles and laughs, but then it goes into a little bit of a wheeze. So Angie leans back on her heels so the light over her shoulder can better illuminate Peggy. She almost misses it. It’s so damp out that at first glance it just looks like Peggy got to close to a taxi when it ran through a puddle.But it’s so wet. Carefully Angie reaches out and touches the wet spot on the back of Peggy’s ear and recoils when her fingers touch something red, tack and unmistakably bloody.She hunches down and carefully tilts Peggy’s head and— “You’re hurt!”Peggy pats her hand. “I bumped my head at work. I think…” she sighs, “it might be more severe than I or
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
Misunderstandings
loyal idiots
peggy punching things
Femslash

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

