Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Wanda turned around in her chair by the sound of a door opening behind her. She had ended up sitting with a book by the fireplace tonight. And with it being almost three in the morning she was not expecting anyone to be up and awake. Still, she was not surprised when she saw a familiar redhead look around the corner.
 
Natasha was wearing a loose top that was way too big on her, almost falling off her shoulders, parried with some pyjama pants. Wanda would never get over the sight of the world's most feared woman in plaid pants and a messy bun on top of her head. It wasn't a usual sight; in fact, it was quite rare seeing her so laid back. Even when they had movie nights and stuff with the team Natasha always seemed to be more on edge than the rest of them for some reason.
 
“I thought you said you were going to bed early today?” Natasha said casually leaning up against the wall. She smiled at her softly before blowing some loose hair away from her face.
 
“Guess I changed my mind?” Wanda replied carefully. She made it sound more like a question than a statement, but she could already feel her head drift. The redheads present had that effect on her.
 
It was something about her smile. And her kind but awake eyes. Her beautiful light green eyes. They had this small brown ring right around the pupil making this stunning, mesmerizing, contrast in her iris.
 
Mesmerising…
 
“Did you hear what I said Wanda?” Natasha asked louder looking at her with a firm look making Wanda shake her head trying to snap out of her daydream.
 
“Sorry… I- what?” Wanda stuttered looking at Natasha’s face which melted into a small smirk raising her right eyebrow slightly.
 
“I said I'm going out on a mission tomorrow. And I wanted to tell you, so you didn’t just find me gone tomorrow.” Natasha said as she sat down on the armrest on the other side of the couch Wanda was on.
 
“Oh,” Wanda whispered. She didn’t know why but she almost felt disappointed. Which was stupid because this was their job. This was Natasha's job. This was what she was doing.
 
“Yeah. That means Steve will train with you instead of me. But I'm sure that’s fine with you, right?” Natasha said looking at her seriously. She could feel Natasha read her now. She could feel her analyse her. And if she wasn't careful now Natasha would know how not okay Wanda really was with this.
 
It wasn't that she didn’t trust the guys, because of course, she did, but part of her still felt like they didn’t trust her. She knew it wasn't true. But she had done some bad things. And while out of everyone Natasha should have been the angriest one with her, she still felt safer around Natasha than both Tony, Bruce, and Steve
 
Natasha had told her straight out at the beginning that she didn’t trust her powers. If she were to work with her Wanda had to accept the deal where she never used her powers around the redhead if Natasha didn’t order it. In a way, agreeing to that deal had felt very scary and almost unfair to Wanda. It meant that Natasha stripped her down from all her known defences from the start while Natasha herself could keep all her strengths. Sure, she didn’t have magical powers like her, but still, that was the one thing Wanda felt she had and the one thing she really felt she had going for her.
 
But at the end of the day, she was happy she had agreed to it. It had made them closer, forcing Wanda to have to vocally tell Natasha every time if anything was out of her comfort zone. And in return, Natasha always listened.
 
Natasha was a great listener. She could listen to you talk for hours and she never made you feel bad for ranting. She also never made you feel dumb for feeling, well, feelings. She always took Wanda's small outburst of frustration or annoyance steadily, not giving in nor making her feel bad about them either. She was kind and so wise. Wanda knew she had had a dark awful past, but she had never got to see any side of that reflect in Natasha's behaviour which had to be incredibly hard. She never seems to let anything drag her down. Or at least Wanda had never seen anything drag Natasha down. Unlike herself who always got dragged down with whatever happened around her.
 
Natasha was what Wanda wished she was. She was everything Wanda looked for in a human. She was everything Wanda imagined the perfect person would ever be.
 
Natasha was perfect.
 
“How long are you going to be gone?” Wanda turned to Natasha and looked her in the eyes trying to seem somewhat confident even though her whole inside was screaming. As if that would change Natasha's mind. As if she, her, the nothing she was, would stop Natasha from going on this mission.
 
“I'm not sure to be completely honest with you,” Natasha replied clearly seeing the concerned face Wanda immediately gave her. She didn’t like that sound of that. She really didn’t.
 
“It's not a hard mission, but we don't know exactly what to expect, that’s all,” Natasha added with a soft tone smiling at he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Laura Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Awkward Crush
Flirting
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Awkward Wanda Maximoff
Natasha is too good for her
Or so Wanda thinks
Laura does not agree
Not Beta Read
as always
How Do I Tag
good luck to me
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
Wanda Maximoff is a Mess
Wanda Maximoff Feels
Sick Natasha Romanov
Fluff and Angst
Protective Wanda Maximoff
RedBatons Angst

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Laura Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

