Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He had confusing thoughts, flashes from a time he didn’t quite remember. It was like being in a dream, seeing moving pictures behind his eyes of someone who looked like him, but also not like him, that person was heavier, had shorter hair, and two arms. He had two arms, but one of them was metal and it hurt. Well the arm didn’t hurt as such, but his shoulder ached constantly and moving the limb sent lightning bolts of pain through the joint. It also weighed too much, it was heavier than his flesh arm, he had to actively pull himself to the right to avoid slumping over the left. His handlers didn’t care. They didn’t care if he was in pain, if he was hungry, tired, or confused. To them he was not a man, he was a machine, a tool for them to use and if he tried to fight them they punished him. He hated the punishments, hated the chair, having his brain scrambled. He hated that more than being in the ice, more than the ache of his shoulder, more than his constant hunger.
They never gave him enough food, just threw some tasteless bars at him which he ate. They hardly sated his hunger for more than an hour, but he ate them anyway because it was better than nothing and the fuelled him enough for his missions. His missions always ended in blood and death, that was always what he was used for. Killing. He didn’t enjoy it, the sound of bones crunching, the smell of blood, the screams, the gargling and choking noises from crushed throats, the rasping final breath. He couldn’t forget the faces, they would appear to him as he hunted his latest targets, would remember how they looked as they lay in their own blood, their eyes staring at him. He didn’t tell his handlers that he had these memories of his past missions, his targets, it would just give them another excuse to put him in the chair and he would avoid that at all costs. Part of avoiding the chair was to not argue over being given his next mission, he let his handlers suit him up, received the information, then took his bike out to where he would meet his targets car. It was bitterly cold and there was snow and ice on the road making it dangerous to be speeding, his target didn’t seem to care though, they were going over the limit well over as they drove the dark icy roads. The asset followed them for miles until they were well away from any witnesses, then he sped up his bike, pushing faster than the car, over taking them and driving them off the road. The car smashed into a tree, the front end bending around the truck with grinding and shrieking metal, smoke and flashes of fire immediately erupted from under the smashed hood as the car shook and shuddered with the force of the impact. As the asset turned his bike around and drove back to the car, his target got out of the stumbling to the ground, he had blood on his face and had laboured breathing, he was clearly in pain as well as disoriented. “Howard, Howard!” The passenger, a female called out. “Maria,” The target said, struggling to get to his feet, trying to support himself on the side of the car, again he slid down to his knees and began to walk on his hands and knees, panting and wincing with every movement.The asset stopped his bike, taking off his helmet he made his way to his target, grabbing his white hair he pulled the target’s head up so he could see his face, and then the funniest thing happened. The fear he expected to see, all of his kills looked like that, shock too was very normal, but the target looked like something else, like he was remembering something. “Sergeant Barnes?”The asset paused, Barnes. Why did that sound familiar? He had been in plenty of barns over the years, had killed in them, slept in them, why would they mean something? “Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes.” The target said gripping at the assets arm, “Do you understand me?” The asset frowned, an image formed in his mind of a young man, the man he sometimes dreamed about, in an old fashioned uniform. He was standing with another man, a tall blonde in a stupid outfit, and several other man all in uniforms like himself. “Howard!” The woman cried again. “Maria.” The target pushed his hand away and the asset let him, standing very still and watching as the target staggered around to the passenger side of the car and opened the door. “Oh God Maria.” “Help me Howard, get me out of here!” the woman sobbed clearly in agony. “I can’t, your legs…,” The target, Howard, she was calling him Howard ran a shaking bloody hand through his thin white hair, “Sergeant, my wife is trapped, her legs are stuck, I can’t get her out…”Sergeant, was that him, that was him wasn’t it? “107th, Sergeant James Barnes shipping out for England.” He could remember saying it, could remember speaking to a skinny blonde in an alley. “Sergeant you need to go for help, my wife needs help!” Howard cried. “Till the end of the line.” The tall blonde said. “Scrub him, we need him to forget everything.” A man with a foreign accent said. “Bucky Ba
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Family
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Harley Keener & Peter Parker are Siblings
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Harley Keener
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Torture
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Post-Mpreg
Post-Natal-Depression
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Substance Abuse
Slow Burn
Not Steve Rogers freindly
Not Natasha Romanov Friendly
Not Howard Stark Friendly
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

