Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Whoever left me the coffee this morning, I will have your children,” Darcy announced as she walked off the elevator and into the media room in Avengers Tower, and took in the scene. Tony and Clint were playing video games. Bruce was reading in a recliner by the window. Steve was sitting on the oversized chair sketching, and Natasha? Darcy didn’t have eyes on her, but she was willing to bet she was somewhere in the vicinity. The media room took up half an entire floor. The other portion of the room was divided between the kitchen and dining area.  And, oh man. What a kitchen. Made her hands twitch to start cooking something. Sometimes, she really didn’t know how she ended up here. Wait, never mind. She was the only person Jane listened to. Sometimes. Occasionally. Okay, she was the only one Jane let randomly shove food into her mouth without looking. Same thing.Darcy and Jane were a packaged deal, apparently. When Jane was offered epic lab space and residence in the tower, one of the stipulations was Darcy. Somewhere along the way from that seemingly random internship in New Mexico, they became close. Closer than close. So close that Darcy sometimes wondered that if everyone on multiple planets didn’t know Thor and Jane were a Thing (yes, it needed to be capitalized), that her and Jane would be mistaken for married. Well, she has seen Jane naked. For a woman who would spend every waking moment in the lab, she had a bangin’ body. Darcy wasn’t blind.“It was Nat,” Clint answered from his spot on the couch, before going back to concentrating closely on the Mario Kart battle he was waging against Tony. “Son of a bitch! Stop red shelling me!”Darcy cocked her head. “We’d make cute babies.”“We would, дорогой,” Natasha agreed as she breezed by Darcy to sit on the couch next to Clint. Somehow in the last few weeks, Darcy had made it from Natasha’s list of People She Did Not Actively Try to Kill, to People She Spent Time With. It was a short list. Darcy was proud. She didn’t know what she did, exactly, but she was still proud. It also made sleeping at night a little easier.“You did look rough this morning, Lewis.” Tony. Grumble. She was hoping he’d be too fixated on the game to really say anything. She rolled her eyes as she walked over the fridge in the bar area to grab a water. “Well, if someone hadn’t kept Jane up with SCIENCE,” she may have used jazz hands, “then the lackey could have gone to bed before the sun came up. Even Bruce went to bed! It couldn’t have been that interesting.”“We like to send Brucey to bed before he starts looking green around the gills.”Nearly everyone rolled their eyes. Really, the green jokes started to get old. “Be that as it may, I have been trying to get Jane to go to bed at a decent hour. But every time I start winning that battle, you come up with some new idea. Every time! And they’re always bad ideas! I swear to God, you are doing it on purpose.”Tony scoffed and turned to look at her. “They are not bad –“ there was an explosion on the screen. “What the fuck Barton! Again. We are playing again! Don’t you dare put that down…thank you. They are not bad ideas, Lewis. They’re genius. ‘Cause I’m a genius. SWEAR TO GOD BARTON.”She held up a finger. “Panini press.”Tony paused, whether he was trying to think of a way to justify that horror show or was too busy trying to catch up to Wario, she had no clue. To be honest, she didn’t care. The panini press tried to kill Steve. It was evil. And unpatriotic. “Yes, Tony. Not exactly your most shining moment,” Bruce agreed from his spot on the chair, not even looking up from his, not science, book.Darcy saw the rebuttal forming in Tony’s brain and then fizzle when he slipped on a banana peel. “Katniss! I hate you so much right now!”Watching them play video games was probably one of the greatest things to do in the tower. Actually, watching Tony play video games against anyone was funny. He did not lose graciously. Or win graciously. Tony Stark really did not do anything graciously.“Well, ladies, if you’ll excuse me. This little worker bee is going to go unwind with those other Starks and the Lannisters. Peace.”“You’re going to unwind with Game of Thrones? Probably one of the most violent television shows, ever?” Clint asked, eyes firmly focused on winning yet another race.She raised an eyebrow. “Really? Do we want to explore the types of things you watch?”He should his head and emphatically said, “No. No we do not.”The man watched Honey Boo Boo. He was not one to judge. She stopped on her way back to the elevator. “Nat. Your turn. Pick your poison.”Not the strangest thing she’s ever said to the Black Widow. Thank God Darcy switched lists. The female Russian took a moment to think. Then smiled. Some would call it creepy, but it just made Darcy smile in response. “The peanut butter cookies.”“YES!”Everyone looked at Tony as Darcy asked, “What, you finally win?”He shook his head and answered, “No. I love just those cookies. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
OT3
Eventual Romance
insecure darcy
she needs a hug
Protective Steve
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Being Tony
Suspected Eating Disorder
body dismorphic disorder
Slow Build

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

