Work Text:
Mjölnir was in the middle of the fucking living room on the Tower's common floor. Again.
Tony found this out when he tried to get more coffee and tripped over it—again. Steve had once testily observed that Thor tended to treat his hammer like other people treated their cell phones or loose change, and Tony completely agreed with him. More than likely the God of Blond Jokes had found his favorite teeny scientist and just dropped Mew-Mew on the floor and then forgot about her. Rude.
Once he was finally able to stop swearing and limping in a circle, Tony stood flexing his abused toes and contemplating the hammer and what, exactly, he should do about her other than trying to pick her up. He'd been present both times Winter Thaw had proven that all you needed to woo Thor's BFF of weaponry was good intentions and a lot of external distraction; but while right now Tony was reasonably distracted with exhaustion, he was pretty damn focused on his smashed piggies. And, well, he'd tried before and hadn't been able to lift her. And then Ultron happened, which was entirely his fault.
So, yeah. Maybe not the best night to retry that whole 'worthiness' thing.
"J.A.R.V.I.S.," Tony said on a very long breath, "please tell me that our favorite defrosted cyborg is awake and available to move Thor's lady hammer, so I don’t have to interrupt Thor and Jane's reunion sex."
"Sergeant Barnes is on the balcony, sir. I believe he is awake."
"Balcony?" Tony turned around and stared at the sliding glass doors. They were closed, which was only surprising because he knew it'd be damn cold without any heat from the building. Hell, it wasn't warm outside even in the middle of summer, this high up. Tony was pretty sure it'd be freezing out there at—huh—1:40 am on a fall morning. 
Of course, it was way more surprising that Bucky would be out there at all, let alone at 1:40 am. Bucky hated the cold. Hated it so much he made Steve's rabid aversion to it look like a mild lack of interest. Bucky would happily wear a parka in a steam room, but he couldn't stand in front of the open refrigerator for more than ten seconds at a time without getting all pinched and miserable.
(Not that Tony had noticed, or anything. Or built a fridge from scratch for the common floor's kitchen that had a screen detailing the contents and location, so someone—like Bucky, just as a pure, random example—didn't have to open the door for longer than it took to grab what he wanted.
Well, Tony had built the fridge. But he would've totally done that anyway. It was convenient.)
"Seriously? Bucky's on the balcony? Is he all right? Should you get Steve? Why the hell didn't you say anything?" Tony demanded, but he was already opening the doors and ignored J.A.R.V.I.S.' answer anyway. He was relieved and more than a little shocked when the doors actually opened, since he'd expected them to be locked from the outside. Generally when the Buck stopped and went to ground, it wasn't where anyone could get to him.
"Hey, Southclaw, what the hell are you doing out here?" Tony said as soon as he poked his head through the gap he'd made. The outside floods weren't on and Tony hadn't turned the lights on inside either, but that hardly made a difference when they were up high enough to catch light pollution from nearly the entire city. And of course Bucky had Super Soldier vision, which meant it was probably as bright as daylight out there for him.
It wasn't quite that bright out for Tony, but he could see okay, between the ambient glow of everywhere and how he'd been wandering around in the dark before Mjölnir had broken his foot. So he could tell that Bucky was sitting in the corner where the railing met the building, cross-legged and hunched and of course in the ridiculous moose hoodie plus a quilt around his shoulders. It was the quilt Tony had ordered with vintage Howling Commandos and SSR symbols all over it—score—but the overall effect of Bucky sitting alone and all bundled up like that was just tragic. And adorable. But mostly tragic.
"You look incredibly tragic out here all by yourself like this. Just saying." Tony decided he wasn't going to have to holler for help or call one of his suits, so he fully committed to stepping out onto the balcony. It was, as he'd surmised, fucking cold. Maybe less so if one was wrapped in an awesome quilt and a ridiculous moose hoodie, but still. Tony tightly folded his arms, wishing he'd had the foresight to grab a hoodie himself—or a quilt—instead of just coming out here in his Sisters of Mercy tee-shirt. "Really, you're like, a lost kitten. A lost kitten with antlers. You do know we can afford light and heat and stuff, right?"
Bucky didn't answer. Didn't look like he'd even moved in fact, despite Tony being purposely about as discrete as a rhino when he opened the door. "Bucky? You're not sleeping sitting up like that, are you? Because that's just terrifying." Tony edged closer, pulled uncomfortably between worry for the young man and for
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Background James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
But He Still Belongs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Background James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

