Chapter 1: Intro
    




Chapter Text
Despite having reviewed most of Loki's life, and generally knowing what made Loki tick, Mobius was surprised at how quickly the trickster had come to trust him.It had really only taken some kindness and patience, a few well placed compliments and forgiveness for minor transgressions. Mobius supposed that made sense, though. Aside from Frigga and sometimes Thor, most of those in Loki's life tended to shun or insult him.That trust, coupled with sternness and care, had led to Loki viewing him in almost a paternal sense. Because, despite Loki's objections, Mobius knew that Loki really was a scared little boy, secretly in search of acceptance, love and guidance.

00
Mobius' superiors had wanted Loki kept in a cell, but he had convinced them to let Loki stay with him in his home. He had a guest room and Loki was a low flight risk. Even if he wanted to get out, he couldn't, and Mobius was far less gullible than some of the prison guards the TVA employed. He would quickly see through any schemes.He had set up his guest room for Loki, which he now stood in the doorway of. Loki was asleep, had been for a few hours, but was currently tossing and turning.Mobius frowned. He really did pity Loki. The ex-god (since he no longer had powers at the TVA, that was what Mobius considered him) had been looking tired lately, even falling asleep at his desk a few times. This explained why.Not wanting to leave Loki to suffer, Mobius made his way towards the bed. He gently rubbed Loki's shoulder in an attempt to wake him, but there was no response. Loki continued to squirm and mumble to himself, though Mobius couldn't make out what he was saying. He sounded very upset, though. "Loki," he tried, shaking the younger man a little harder. "Loki, you need to wake up!"With that, Loki's eyes shot open. He sat up, looking around the room frantically. "Hey, you're okay," Mobius told him. "It was just a bad dream."Loki looked up at him, teary eyed, and Mobius felt terrible. "Sorry," Loki muttered, clearly doing his best not to cry. "No need to be." Mobius sat on the edge of the bed. "Do you want to talk about it?"Loki sniffled. "Mother…" he trailed off, sniffling again. “I saw her death again.”"I see." Loki stared down at his hands and sat quietly until Mobius spoke again."There's a new episode of that cat cartoon you like. Want to come out and watch it? Might take your mind off of your dream."Loki glanced up at him again, a tear now running down his cheek. Mobius wiped it away and smiled at him."Come on. It'll be a good distraction.""Okay," Loki agreed. He stood up, wrapped the blanket around his shoulders and followed Mobius out of the bedroom.

00
At first, Loki watched the show intently. He was a huge fan of Chi's Sweet Home, which Mobius found funny, considering how tough Loki often acted. But as the show wore on, Mobius noticed that Loki’s eyes kept closing. He seemed to be fighting sleep, forcing himself to stay awake.“Here,” Mobius said, grabbing a throw pillow. He placed it on his lap and tapped it. “Put your head down. Maybe you won’t have nightmares if someone’s with you.”Loki stared at him for a moment, as if silently asking if he was for real, if he truly expected Loki to agree to such a thing. “Come on,” Mobius said. “I won’t hurt you.”“I know,” Loki eventually replied. It just felt strange to rest in such a way. The last time he’d curled up with anyone had been as a boy, with Frigga. Perhaps Mobius was right, though. He might actually get some sleep if someone else was nearby.He spared one more glance at Mobius, who was looking at him with half a smile on his face, before lying down. He rested his head on the pillow and sighed as he felt Mobius pull the blanket further around him, covering him up. Mobius’ began to card through Loki’s hair, but said nothing else. It only took a few minutes for him to fall into a peaceful sleep.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Daddy Issues
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Non-Sexual Age Play
Trust Issues
Nightmares
Bathing/Washing
Loki Needs a Hug (Marvel)
Crying
Men Crying
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Thumb-sucking
Temper Tantrums
Bed-Wetting
Diapers
Vomiting
Whump
Sick Loki (Marvel)
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Original Character(s)

fandom: 
None
