Chapter 1: That's Captain Rogers, To You
    




Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes gets along with everyone.It's not very hard, since most people are drawn to his boyish smile, his infectious laugh, and his happy-go-lucky attitude. His friends love his sarcasm, his coworkers love his brain, and men love the way he looks up at them through dark eyelashes when he's trying to get their attention in crowded bars.Since he started working for Stark Industries, his popularity rate has improved significantly, and he makes sure to greet everyone he sees with a polite hello. Bucky likes making friends and talking to people with more life experience than him, especially now that he's working for one of the most famous people in the world. He collaborates pretty heavily with the Avengers, sitting in on their meetings, analyzing footage of them in action to spot any potential weaknesses, having private chats to talk about potential upgrades for their gear. He likes his job, and all the heroes warmed up to him really quickly, excited about the prospect of a fresh pair of eyes being in charge of creating weapons for the team.In the two short months since he's been on board, Bucky has charmed everybody he's come across with just a few simple words.That is, everyone except Steve Rogers.Bucky isn't sure why the Captain doesn't like him, since he's treated Steve with the same levels of respect he treats everyone, Avenger or not. Truth be told, Bucky was a little disappointed the first time he met him and recieved nothing but a curt nod, with a brief "Steve Rogers" to follow. He didn't even get a goddamn handshake. Bucky has admired Captain Rogers since he was in high school, assuming that the charming persona he puts on for the cameras and the rest of the world is what he was like behind closed doors. Not all of it was a lie, he's very friendly with the rest of his teammates, but it appears as if Steve doesn't have time for the little people working behind the scenes, like Bucky. It stung at first, but the rest of the Avengers assured Bucky that Steve just needs some time to get used to having another person be so intimately involved with their private affairsFor a while, Bucky was hopeful that things would change. It's been weeks and Steve still hasn't taken an interest in him, so now the only time they communicate is when they're butting heads. Steve drives Bucky absolutely mad, and he hates the way his face creases into a scowl, any time they're within ten feet of each other. Bucky's observed Steve laughing with Sam, giving comfort to Wanda, and having genuine fun while sparring with Natasha. As far as Bucky can tell, he's the only guy in the world that makes Steve's blood boil.Instead of playing nice, Bucky has decided to start fighting fire with fire."I though I told you I didn't want the upgrade," Steve said, bursting into Bucky's office."I know you said you didn't want it, but you need it," Bucky said. "I talked it over with Tony, he agrees it's a good idea.""How many times do I need to remind you that when it comes to business, you speak to me, not Tony?""Well, Tony's the one who signs my paychecks and he's the one who goes into the field with you.I get paid to help build weapons for the Avengers. That's what Tony hired me for. I take his ideas and mix them with my own, so he can focus on saving the world. You can't get pissed at me for doing what I'm supposed to do.""You're supposed to follow orders," Steve said. "When I told you I didn't want the suit, you shouldn't have made it. It was a waste of time and resources. You're not in charge here, Barnes.""And you are?" Bucky asked. "You miss that part where I said Tony signs my paychecks? Once you start forking over the cash, I'll be more than happy to do whatever you want. But until then, I work for Tony. Plus, you can't really save lives if you're dead, so maybe upgrading the suit could keep that thick skull of yours attached to the rest of your damn body.""Stop trying to change my way of doing things and keep your ideas to yourself in the future. If Tony thought it was necessary to upgrade my gear, he would've proposed the idea himself," Steve said"He didn't say nothin' because he knew your stubborn ass would react like this!" Bucky shouted.Steve's jaw twitched. For a moment, Bucky wanted to apologize for taking on such a stern tone. Then he realized that Steve kinda deserved it, and probably doesn't get yelled at by regular folks like Bucky very often. So, he stuck to his guns and smirked when he saw Steve's fingers clenching and unclenching at his sides."What are you gonna do, Rogers? Gonna hit me?" Bucky challenged, looking down at Steve's fists.Steve threw the new suit prototype at Bucky's feet and spoke through gritted teeth. "Get this thing outta of my sight, and tell Tony I'm on my way down to see him. Immediately."He left without another word and slammed the door on his way out. Bucky reached for the phone.
"This better be an emergency. I'm busy." 
"Yeah, well you'r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt Bucky Barnes
bucky is an avenger (kind of)
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Lovers
Enemies to Friends
Hate Sex
Rough Sex
Oral Sex
Oral Fixation
Making Out
Jealous Steve
Bucky is a little shit
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Hydra (Marvel)
Light Angst
Happy Ending
Dom/sub
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Resolved Sexual Tension
authority kink
Light Bondage
Multiple Orgasms
Bearded Steve Rogers
Slow Burn
Bratty Bucky Barnes
Past Abuse
(I will give a warning in the notes before discussing abuse)
Anal Sex
Anal
Anal Fingering
the avengers want Steve and bucky to fuck
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Shrunkyclunks
POV Bucky Barnes
brief POV Steve Rogers
brief Bucky Barnes/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers is an asshole
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Dirty Talking Steve Rogers
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Rimming
Beard Burn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

