Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Payton can see someone talking to Dr. Mobius in his office. The thin, grey window doesn’t give way to any details to who it could be, but she supposes she’ll see once the person walks out. She’s generally the only one who goes to these things, so that’s what’s really intriguing to her—Dr. Mobius isn’t the most warm and fuzzy of the professors before you get to really know him, and frankly, she wouldn’t be meeting with him if it weren’t for her senior honor’s thesis. He’s the only professor in her department who would have a keen, unbiased eye when giving her critiques on her research. His brand of nice is one that’s confusing to someone who doesn’t particularly take a shining to it right away. Over her four years she appreciated the focus he brought with him to the topic, his weird, “I know more than you” take to the entirety of human history, and then some. Most people don’t bother pushing back on his very specific brand of questioning.

The door swings open and Payton nearly jumps out of her seat trying to tear her eyes away and cast her gaze on the ground. She tries to listen in on the parting words between the two people in the room, but she’s too frazzled. One footstep, two, and then a voice chimes out.

“Oh, my apologies if I made you late.”

Payton looks up and looks at what she can only assume is another professor. He’s young-looking. His dark green shirt is unbuttoned at the top and for some reason that’s what catches Payton’s eye first. She’s never seen this professor in her life, so it’s fair to assume that he’s from a different department, and if she was being honest, she’s not even completely convinced that he’s a proper professor and not just someone who broke in and hasn’t figured out how to leave. She remembers that she has to have manners, and smiles.

“It’s alright. No worries.”

The professor gives a polite smile, a curt nod, and continues on his way down the hall and away from the offices, heels clicking gently on the floor as he does. She casts a quick glance over her shoulder, to maybe track him down or get a clue as to who he is, because sure as hell Dr. Mobius isn’t going to tell her. The door to the office is still open and right, she has a class after this meeting, and she really needs to talk about her research.

Dr. Mobius is already watching the door as she comes in, because somehow he knows everything, and he gestures a hand towards the chair that she knows well. “Please, sit. Sorry to keep you waiting.”

She bites her tongue to keep from prying and shuts the door behind herself.


James isn’t paying attention. He hasn’t paid a lick of attention since the start of class today. It’s just that Valkyrie’s invited one of the English professors, Professor Laufeyson (who had 

immediately

 insisted they call him Loki) to sit in and talk about whatever book they were supposed to have read last night, and he is incredibly attractive. There’s nothing wrong with ogling him as long as he does it in the privacy of his own mind, right? It’s not very progressive to be checking someone out while they talk about gender equality in young adult literature. But Steph has definitely noticed and she kicks the back of his chair yet again, effectively jolting him out of it.

“What?” he hisses over his shoulder, and he can feel the glare against his back. Right. Right, okay, focus.

He tries to narrow in on the man’s hand, and as soon as Loki gestures grandly, he catches the glint of gold flash in the light. There it is. James feels like he can breathe again. Somehow it makes it feel less wrong. Now he can ogle in peace.

“The purpose of this book is to make you think about how gender is presented in young adult literature,” is the first sentence he catches, Loki’s accent smoothing out whatever nonsense he says, “as opposed to taking it all at face value. That is the one thing you should never do—never accept anything in literature for what it seems, for better or worse.”

He makes it through the rest of the class unscathed. And he 

does 

actually have a question for Valkyrie regarding their next assignment, but it seems like a couple others caught the drift and are standing around the two of them. So, James takes a step back and watches. Loki’s got one hand propped on the table, leaning against it, left ankle propped on top of his right heel. He’s close to Valkyrie’s side, watching her fondly as she talks with a few classmates about something James can’t hear. They can’t be together, she’s too insistent to go by her first name or “Miss” that if she did have a partner, James would be offended on their behalf.

Before he can step forward to ask his question, Steph grabs his shoulder bag and yanks him back towards the door. He stumbles, but this is a game he’s used to with her, and he laughs quietly.

“You’re an asshole,” he grumbles, and Steph doesn’t let go of his bag. “I’m trying to figure out those
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius

freeform: 
Professors
thats right fuckers its the professor loki au
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Established Relationship
But also
Secret Relationship
a poorly conceived whodunnit amongst the students

fandom: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius

