Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The door nearly slams as they stumble into their apartment, frustrated and battle weary.  Steve’s still got a smudge of ash on his face, and Bucky is gonna have to get his suit dry cleaned if he ever wants to get the alien blood out of it.  It’s been a long day, and Steve is still beating himself up over shit he had no control over. “We could have gotten the whole hive.”“We stopped them,” Bucky reminds his partner, stripping off his gauntlets and vest, leaving them in a pile by the door, “Nobody got hurt.  That’s good enough for me.”Steve’s still scowling, buzzing with anxious energy.  “Tell that to Natasha.”“She’s not dead,” Bucky points out, “She sprained her wrist.  That’s like a paper cut to people like us.  You need to let it go.”“I know I could have done more,” Steve grumbles, “I could’ve been better.  Next time…”Bucky takes Steve’s hand, stopping his words with a look.  They learned to read signals from each other long ago.“Will you cook tonight?” Bucky asks, and Steve’s face goes blank, his furrowed brow easing instantly.“You askin’, Buck?” “I think you should.”Bucky traces the pad of his thumb over Steve’s pulse point as his partner wars with himself, still struggling with what he feels are his own inadequacies.  He feels the exact moment Steve capitulates, and his heart rate picks up.“Okay,” Steve agrees, “If you pick what we’re having.”  Another signal.Bucky straightens, officially taking the weight of authority off Steve’s shoulders for the night.  Steve’s frame droops in relief.“Are you gonna be good for me tonight?” Bucky asks.“Yes, sir,” Steve answers, and it says something about how much he needs this that there’s not a hint of defiance in his voice.  Bucky releases Steve’s hand to offer his embrace.Steve drops his shield and folds himself into Bucky’s waiting arms.  Despite still wearing his body armor from the day’s mission he’s totally pliant in Bucky’s hold.“You did good today, Steve,” Bucky murmurs, stroking Steve’s hair for a moment before pulling back, keeping his hand firm on the nape of Steve’s neck, “You did real good.  Now we’re gonna focus on us for a little while.  Go get cleaned up, and I’ll have everything ready for you when you come back.”“Thank you,” Steve says, and he accepts Bucky’s kiss before making his way down the hall to their bedroom.Bucky waits until he hears the shower start before moving into the kitchen.  “Cooking” isn’t just a euphemism.Bucky had given Steve their first cookbook for his birthday.  It was an impulse buy at Barnes and Noble but given this new game they were playing it had seemed appropriate.  Steve had never blushed so red in front of the team but the long and private ‘thank you’ Bucky got later told him it was a good idea.They’ve got a neat little row of them on their countertop now, from Julia Child to Alton Brown to Ming Sai.  Sometimes on stressful days Bucky catches Steve tracing the spines with his fingers, a smile curling the edges of his full pink mouth, and it puts a little blossom of warmth in his belly.So Bucky flips through a few books, looking for something new, but not too adventurous, and gathers the ingredients, lining them up on the counter for Steve to prepare.  Luckily Stark Tower grocery service keeps their pantry well stocked. Steak.  Red Wine.  Asparagus and sweet potatoes, to be sliced up and roasted in the oven with sea salt and olive oil.  Good food after a long mission that will leave both men warm and full.  But not too full.  Steve needs more than dinner to help him let go of the day’s difficult decisions, and Bucky is here to provide.Steve emerges a few minutes later, peeking over Bucky’s shoulder at the items waiting for him.  He’s barefoot, in soft sleep pants and a white tank top.  Bucky would have him bare, showing off his gorgeous body in their kitchen but that will have to wait until after dinner.  Bucky can be patient, too. Bucky points Steve to the open cook book on the counter, ready to take his own shower while Steve works.“Set the table when you’re done,” Bucky instructs, dropping a kiss on Steve’s shoulder, “Just one plate.”“Okay,” Steve responds, already studying the recipe intently.  The instructions aren’t difficult, but each step will need focus and skill.  Slicing, measuring, cooking to a certain temperature, Bucky chose a meal that will occupy Steve’s mind and keep him moving without too much pressure.  Steve is meant to succeed at the tasks Bucky places before him. Bucky pulls a small oven timer from the junk drawer, setting the dial for thirty minutes.“I’ll be back when this goes off,” Bucky promises, setting the timer on the counter in front of Steve.  He strokes once up and down Steve’s back before heading for the master bathroom, stripping out of his filthy uniform with a sigh of relief.Bucky scrubs off the sweat and grime of the day’s mission, letting the hot water ease his muscles and settle his m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Dom/sub
Light Dom/sub
Light Bondage
Sub Steve Rogers
Sub Steve
Dom Bucky Barnes
Light BDSM
Food Porn
Cooking
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Praise Kink
Subspace
Aftercare
gentle dom Bucky
Safewords
Spanking
Mild Painplay
Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Cock Warming
Temperature Play
Anal Fingering
Hand Feeding
Did I Mention Praise Kink?
Service Submission

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

