Work Text:

Bucky is so pissed. He’s fucking furious. He’s livid. Beyond that – he’s vibrating with rage. Fucking asshole dickwipe of an ex-boyfriend had ‘dropped off’ his key when Bucky was at work, and had decided that the laptop that had all his fucking ideas, plans, and rough drafts on it, was somehow his.
Bucky paid for that fucking thing with his tips, his name was on the insurance policy and it was his fucking laptop. Brock could suck a million dicks if he thought Bucky was just gonna roll the fuck over and let him steal it.So he was stealing it back.Brock and his new fuck buddy were out. Bucky had cased the house for a good couple of hours, watched them leave, saw Brocks tweet about the movie they were going to see – and then made his move. He didn’t have a key – which made sense now he looked back, why Brock never wanted Bucky at his place. Cause the cheating asshole would have been caught with his pants down if Bucky had shown up out of the blue.However, Bucky had a sealed juvie record and a grudge – and Brocks window had an old fashion lock that was easily jimmied open. Perfect.The apartment was on the third floor, and he didn’t want to risk turning on the lights, so he tried to remember the layout of the place from memory. Considering he’d only been inside about three times, it was harder than he expected. Seriously, he was such a fucking idiot. Why hadn’t he noticed how Brock had two phones and never wanted Bucky to stay the night? Bucky, too fucking trusting by half, had just assumed that his boyfriend needed it for his job. That he worked long hours and Bucky was trying to make it work. He wanted to go back in time and punch himself in the face for that. Make it work. Ha.He crept through the apartment as stealthily as he could (not pretty stealthily, to be honest) and tried to see in the half-light that was cast through the windows. His laptop was a dark grey, which made it pretty well camouflaged in the darkness, where everything looked like it could be what he was trying to find. After picking up yet another coffee table book, he let out a sigh and threw it on the couch.“Oft!” the couch said, before sucking in a breath and obviously holding it.Bucky froze. There was someone else in the apartment. Someone who was sitting in the darkness. Who’d probably seen him arrive through the window. Shit.“Oh, this isn’t what it looks like.” He whispered. He wasn’t sure why he was fucking whispering – it wasn’t like the couch wasn’t super fucking aware that Bucky was robbing the apartment.“Okay.” The voice whispered back. Deeper than he was expecting. Male. Small though, small enough to hide quite effectively on the couch without Bucky even being aware of it. “Uh, just ignore me.”“Yeah, okay.” Bucky agreed. “Uh, don’t suppose you’ve seen my laptop?” He asked, still whispering. “It’s grey.”“Um, I think it might be in the bedroom.” The couch said, before a rather delicate cough. “If you can find my tablet I’d really appreciate it.”“Yeah?” Bucky said, quietly. A few things were twisting together in his mind, and he certainly didn’t like where it was going. “You Peirce?” He asked, dreading the reply. Peirce was the fucker that Brock had been screwing around with when he’d been dating Bucky. Asshole.“Uh, I thought you were Georges.” The couch said, sounding… well… kinda pissed. “Who the fuck is Peirce?”“Who the hell is Georges?” Bucky managed, getting the serious feeling he’d fucked up somewhere. Had he broken into the wrong apartment?“Uh, he’s Brocks new boyfriend.” The couch said, bitterly. “The asshole who dumped me via text.”“Oh screw this.” Bucky snapped, and reached for the table lamp, turning it on by the little switch on the base. “Who the hell are…” He didn’t get much else out, because the guy on the couch was… well he was…Super fucking hot, is what he was.Tiny, Jesus, so tiny Bucky could probably lift him up and carry him without even trying, lucky if he made it over 5’3 from what Bucky could make out. He was laying flat along the couch, pressed into the cushions, obviously trying to hide. Blond hair that looked a little mussed (probably from trying to hide in the couch) and a face that looked like it was carved from fucking marble. Pale enough to look like he was marble. Bucky didn’t even know that Brock had liked super twinky guys. This guy was the twinkiest twink that ever twinked. Bucky wanted to put him in his pocket. He was blinking a little in the sudden light, and Bucky noticed that he had a pair of glasses tucked in his hand. He’d taken them off when he’d tried to stuff his face into the couch to avoid being noticed. Shit, Bucky wasn’t even aware he was into nerds. He was super into this nerd.“Uh,” The little nerd said, and Bucky was trying not to stare at the jaw, the mouth (oh, god, his fucking mouth) or the shockingly blue eyes that were peering at him. “Hi.” He said, blinking a few times before putting his glasses on. Yup, Bucky admitted. That was a thing. 27 years old and only just figu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
past Bucky / Brock
past Steve / Brock
Hipster Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Meet-Cute
First Meetings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

