Work Text:
            “Ugh,” Bucky groans, fiddling with the knobs on one of the washers in his apartment complex’s basement. He smells like puke and beer and more puke, none of it his own. It was Dugan’s 21st, so he couldn’t really blame the guy for wanting to have some fun. But it’s past 2 a.m. on a Friday night – Saturday morning? – and Bucky’s stone cold sober and really can’t deal with this shit right now.            He unties the flannel around his waist tossing it in the slowly filling wash. There’s no way anyone else in their apartment complex would decide to do laundry at this time on a Friday, so Bucky deems it safe to strip right there in the basement. He brought sweats for the trek back upstairs cause he may be bold, but he’s not that bold.            He kicks off his boots and socks (his boots are a little sticky but that can be easily fixed) and grumbles as he shimmies out of his ripped black skinny jeans. He thinks he hears movement outside the door, but it’s probably just people coming in from their night out.            “Ugh,” he repeats throwing his shirt and pants in with probably a little too much force.            “Geez, what did those clothes ever do to you?” says a voice behind him, and Bucky honest to god jumps (but he does not yelp) and turns around, immediately wishing he could be swallowed up by the floor.            The fact that there’s a little over six feet of a muscled, blond haired, blue-eyed, beautiful man in the doorway is what strikes Bucky first. The second is that he’s covered in what looks like…blood.            Okay so Bucky stares a little. Or a lot. He’s going through every possible scenario in his mind that could lead to this dude (whose easy grin is now faltering) standing in the basement-laundry room covered in blood. He’s going through lots of safe and or clever things to ask this guy in the doorway. If he’s some crazy killer, Bucky wants to charm his way out of this. If he’s just some hot, innocent guy Bucky wants to charm himself into hot guy’s pants.            “Are you going to kill me?” is what comes out. Jesus Christ Barnes, really?            The guy looks at Bucky, shocked for a moment, before he glances down at his white (very, very tight) t-shirt splattered with dark red and laughs. It’s a full body laugh, head thrown back and hand clutching at his chest.            Bucky could watch him laugh forever.            “It’s paint,” the guy explains smiling. “I was in studio until about thirty minutes ago, painting. My first project of the semester is due next week so I wanted to finish it tonight.”            “Art major?” Bucky asks.            “Minor, actually. I’m majoring in Graphic Design but I love art so I wanted to be able to do both.”            “Hm, so how exactly did you end up looking like you just hacked someone to pieces?”            “I dropped the can of paint and it splattered all over my shirt,” the guy says sheepishly, blushing. “Thought I’d wash it while I could still get the red out.” He motioned to the basket under his right arm. “Plus I have plenty of other paint splattered clothes I needed to wash. What’s got you so angry at your skinny jeans?”            That’s definitely a smirk and Bucky realizes he’s still standing there in his boxers like a total dumbass. He grabs his sweats, pulling them on as he explains.            “One of my oldest friends turned 21 tonight,” Bucky says, and once he’s got the sweats on he moves to turn the machine on. “My clothes suffered the worst of the casualties. Mostly his vomit and spilled beer, but he had a good night so I can’t really be mad. I just figured I should wash these sooner than later.”            The guy’s face softens at that, “That’s sweet of you. I know all too well being the sober friend isn’t always fun. I’m Steve by the way,” he puts his basket on a machine and sticks his hand out. “I live on the 4th floor in one of the 4 bedrooms with some of my buddies.”            “Bucky,” He says taking the offered hand. “I’m on the 3rd, but I’ve only got one roommate, thankfully. I don’t know how you deal with three others.”            “Well,” Steve shrugs with an easy smile. “It can get hectic sometimes but in the end we work well together.”            A thought occurs to Bucky.            “Wait was it you guys who were playing Latin music on blast for a week straight when we first moved in? I thought Nat, my roommate, was gonna kill someone but it stopped and we haven’t heard it since. I’m just curious as to where it went.”            Steve laughs again and Bucky’s stomach flutters.            “No that wasn’t us by any means,” Steve says as he starts to set one of the washers up for his load. “My roommate Clint said he was going to talk to them and get it to stop. Except I’m pretty sure it was less ‘talking’ and more ‘scaring the shit out of.’ But hey, he stopped the noise, I can’t complain.”            That name rings a bell, “Wait a minute, Clint? Blonde hair, nice arms, on the archery team?” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Virgin Steve
Fluff
Mutual Pining
but mostly fluff cause i'm trash and can't write anything else
Friends to Lovers
College
First Kiss
First Time
honestly this is just fluff from start to finish
but canon is so angsty they deserve some gross fluff ok?

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

