Chapter 1



Notes:
**EDIT JULY 15th, 2018**HiIf you're new here please note this is a very old fic and a lot of events have gone down in the Marvel Cinematic Universe since I began writing this some odd 3 years ago. I have not seen any recent Marvel movies with Loki in them, but I assume his character has developed. The Loki in my story is very circa Thor and the first Avengers, and will remain that way. Also my writing gets very different as you continue to read. Hopefully it translates as "better" to you. There are mistakes, for I never had a beta reader and although I did my best to edit them myself, I realized I still missed things. Thanks, hope you stick around and enjoy.




Chapter Text
Nighttime, the university was dark with only the nearby buildings and street lamps lighting the partly brick sidewalk as you made your way across campus. The sky was void of any blue and patches of stars were placed about, for not a single cloud was out tonight. The trees were black; silhouetted against the night sky and only the sound of their leaves, rustling calmly in this late fall air was heard. Every once in a while, small groups of students, couples chattering amongst themselves, people walking dogs or the occasional jogger would pass by, but you walked about alone. Only having the music from your headphones to keep you company.
You were heading towards the hall where you attended your European History lecture. However, you weren't going to sit in on class at this hour of the day. No, you were making your way to this particular building because it also happened to be the same place where the professor of your lecture course had his office. The end of the semester was here and you were exhausted. Between the three hour studio classes, homework, and trying to balance what little you had of a social life, this history class was taking the back seat. It was quite depressing really, out of any class you were enrolled in, this was by far your favorite. 	It mostly covered Europe's beginnings; the early Paleolithic era to Greece, Vikings, the fall of Rome, and then ended with The Medieval Ages. You would have to admit that the course wouldn't be as great as it was without Professor Laufeyson; the man definitely knew his stuff. He had an insatiable love for literature and would always edit the syllabus to squeeze in famous books or works pertaining to the unit or lesson. The added bonus of listening to him read aloud in his charming British-like accent was quite nice as well. Crushing on a teacher was not something you associated with, but you would be a liar if you thought Professor Laufeyson wasn't an attractive guy.
He was a fairly tall, slim built man with strong facial features. His hair was slate black and fell just below his ears when he wore it in his usual slicked back style. God forbid you forget those eyes…his eyes were a gorgeous, dark green that stood out against his milky complexion. You grew embarrassed with how much you were thinking about him, but it was hard not to. You were quite shocked too, seeing as how you roused some courage to ask him to meet with you this evening. With all the days you've missed and the excessive amounts of times you have been late, you were lucky he was allowing you to come in and discuss make up work. You'd even say that it was a somewhat strange as to how he was pretty avid about you making a stop by his office on the matter. You assumed that he would have told you it wasn't his problem, based on how he's dealt with other students who slack.	You made it to the end of campus where the hall was located. It was your typical college building that resembled one of Greek influence, pillars and everything. You suppose it was fitting, based on the kind of classes that were taught here. You entered and stopped for a moment to grab a piece of paper from your purse that you wrote his office number on. ‘217’ was the room, but you had never been passed the lobby of the building since your lecture hall was the main grand room that stemmed right off from the entrance. You looked around to see if there was a teacher or a janitor who had stayed late to direct you, but not a soul was to be seen. You looked at your watch and saw that you were ten minutes early, so you did have a little time to figure out where Professor Laufeyson’s office was. You made your way across the lobby towards the large staircase listening to the sound of your tall riding boots clicking and echoing off the marble floor and high ceilings.	As you walked down the second floor hallway you scanned the plaques that lined the tops and sides of doors looking for the correct number or his name. You were going to try again at finding a professor or teacher’s aid to ask for help, but not a single person was around here either. Every door on the floor was shut and dark. You hoped you had the correct day to meet him. You sighed as you walked farther down the hallway but perked when you saw a single light seeping from the window of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Teacher-Student Relationship
Mildly Dubious Consent
Spanking
Teacher Loki
Loki in a suit
Dirty Talk
Dom Loki
sub Reader
Alternate Universe - College/University
Teasing
Explicit Sexual Content
Orgasm Denial
Light Hair Pulling
Sex Toys
Rough Sex
Aftercare
Dom/sub

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

