Chapter 1: Siberia
    




Chapter Text

*TW for CACW Siberia style angst and Tony’s canon typical terrible coping*

*Also, please try to remember that in this fic specifically, there are no bad guys. Steve isn’t at fault, WS!Bucky isn’t at fault, Tony isn’t at fault. No bad guys or malicious intent,  just broken hearts, regret, and soulmates trying to figure this whole crazy thing out* 
***********Tony Stark was a broken soul. No one ever came right out and said it, but every one certainly knew it and eventually, Tony knew it too. Most people met their soulmate by college age, everyone else by the time they were thirty with plenty of time to settle down, raise a family of brats and retire into the golden years together. Hell some people met their soulmate in Kindergarten and were blessed enough to be blissfully in love for the next eighty something years but not Tony. Most Soul Marks were beautiful intricate things, one half of a unique design that would be perfectly matched and completed by the touch of a soulmate. It was described as a rush of warmth, a skitter of sparks, like bells ringing and angels singing and a burn over their heart as a Soul Mark filled in and sealed two hearts together for eternity and there were thousands-- millions--billions of stories of that exact, breathtaking moment, but none of those stories belonged to Tony. Tony’s Soul Mark was nothing more than a circle in the middle of his chest, plain and uninspiring and empty, an outline waiting to be filled but never ever filled no matter how many people Tony kissed and touched and tried to hold tight. It used to feel like a target when Howard would yell and scream, it felt like a bruise the night his Mama died, it felt like a curse when Tony woke up in Afghanistan with a battery at his side and a hole in his chest that almost perfectly matched the outline of his worthless Mark. The night Obadiah held Tony down and ripped his metaphorical heart out, Tony knew. With tears in his eyes and a body too paralyzed to properly cry, with cold settling into his bones and black at the edges of his vision, Tony knew. ‘Proof That Tony Stark Has a Heart’ the box read and Tony sobbed into the empty lab as he covered up the barest edge of his Soul Mark with the glowing blue of the arc reactor because that night, he knew. When the sky tore apart and aliens poured through and he fought side by side with a team who eventually called him family and the world finally called him a hero and Rhodey was so so proud, Tony knew. When Captain Steven Rogers somehow switched from being ‘that guy in the khakis’ and started waking up in Tony’s bed, started falling asleep holding him tight, and woke pinning him to the pillows and kissing him breathless, when Steve whispered love into Tony’s ear and Tony’s Mark burned and blurred and ached like it was ready to be completed but stayed empty, when Sergeant Barnes’s star shaped Soul Mark stayed boldly silver at Steve’s heart no matter the two years they spent together, Tony knew. When Pepper was infected with Extremis and Tony swore to give up being Iron Man just to focus on her healing, when he had the reactor yanked from his chest and the empty circle of his Soul Mark filled in with scars that only mangled it further, when the Winter Soldier made an appearance  and Steve cried as he asked permission to leave and Tony pressed his palm to a Soul Mark that didn’t match Steve’s and only nodded and told him to go----Tony knew. He had a scarred empty mark and a broken, damaged soul, and nobody would ever want him. There wasn’t much to do about it besides sit by himself and try and drink the pain away. ***********Almost dying was a horrifying sort of normal for Captain Steven Grant Rogers. Steve had been sure he’d die of heartbreak when Bucky fell, he thought he’d die of cold when he put the Valkyrie into the ice, he thought he’d die of shock over waking up in a new century and being thrust into a new war with aliens, he thought he’d die of want the first time Tony kissed him and Steve tasted whiskey and sadness and soulmate in the press of those sweet, soft lips. Bucky had been Steve’s soulmate, brash and bold and every inch the perfect match for Steve whether he’d been barely five feet tall or towering somewhere over six. Their Soul Marks were entwined gorgeous, multiple points of Bucky’s silver star woven through Steve’s red tinted triskelion styled design. It meant forever, it meant infinity, it meant stars to guide them back together and life, death, eternity wrapped up into one. Bucky had been Steve’s soulmate and though Soul Marks were meant to fade black when one soul passed on, the star still glowed silver on Steve’s skin and he didn’t know what that meant. He knew he loved Tony though, Steve knew he adored every breath the often cranky but always brilliant man took, he knew the moments in Tony’s arms and basking in the sunlight of Tony’s smile and the way his entire soul settled when Tony laughed meant forever just 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
stuckony - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Heavy Angst
CACW Typical Aftermath
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
established stucky
Established Stony
Developing Winteriron
Developing Stuckony
post thor ragnarok
Hulk and Bruce Need a Damn Hug
Heartbreak
Relationship Negotiations
Steve Rogers Feels
Thor is Not Stupid (Marvel)
Valkyrie is a Good Bro
Alcoholism
Terrible coping skills
Eventual Healing
No Bad Guys Here Just Broken Hearts
Falling In Love
Soulmates Gotta Do what Soulmates Gotta Do
Soulmarks
Eventual Romance
First Kisses
Much Needed Apologies
Moving On Together
resolved angst
eventual happily ever after

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Thor (Marvel)

