Work Text:
“Daddy, could you pass the potatoes, please?” Your words were spoken so carelessly that it didn’t even occur to you how badly you messed up until the unthinkable occurred. Two sets of hands reaching out for the same bowl. The moment their hands appeared on the object the room went eerily still and uncomfortable. Your heart stopped beating as your body went completely rigid alongside the rest of the room. This couldn’t be happening.
The moment you realized it wasn’t a horrible dream, the pace of your heart started picking up quickly. Palms sweating as heat rushed throughout your body in horror at what had just escaped your lips. Your nerves feeling as if something was coming alive under your skin, everything inside you screaming at you to run and escape this dangerous situation.
Once the initial shock had cleared, your eyes darted to your boyfriends momentarily, noticing the way they widened and the immediate fear that encompassed his face. There was a moment where all you wanted was to curse him for being so stupid, but your attention was quickly ensnared by your father as he stood up so fast that his force knocked the chair back. Peter just froze as your father stared him down. You caught the angry glimmer in his eyes, clear as day, and knew he was seeing red. His eyebrows were furrowed, jaw tightly clenched, seconds from snarling. Not even conscious of how hateful his expression had turned nor the intimidating energy that radiated off of him that just screamed murder.
He had never looked so deadly before, always making a special effort to show you nothing but love and acceptance, instead of his darker side. The rage that he was allowing you to see was pretty much an admission of how serious the situation was going to get. He had always been ridiculously overprotective of you, not liking anyone near you, to such a degree that he had scared off several potential relationships in the past. Even then, he had never looked at any of them the way he looked at Peter right then, at least not that you knew of. A part of you worried that he might lunge out and kill him, but there was a larger part of you that couldn’t help but be severely turned on. Panties beginning to dampen at the thought, leaving you squirming in your seat.
Peter was physically trembling at the sight of your father, Steve. He was always slightly apprehensive towards him but now he was downright shaking with fear. You couldn’t exactly blame him either, even if you were feeling something completely different towards your father at the moment.
“Daddy I –” you try to calm him down, finally able to snap out of the tense energy that had filtrated the air. Though you did it more for Peter’s sake than anything else, knowing for a fact that your dad would never hurt you, but not knowing if the same could be said for Peter’s safety. A deep growl resonated from somewhere within his chest the second it left your lips, the words apparently the wrong thing to say at the moment. His eyes narrowing further, his anger almost tangible to the point that you could physically see the steam radiating off of him. The growl he released was a sound he had never made before, but it sent pangs of need to your clit. Struggling to tamper down the urge to do something further than squeeze your thighs under the table.



Your father hadn’t even looked your way once since the somewhat pleasant, if not quiet and awkward, Father’s Day dinner had been ruined. He had all his concentration on Peter, looking very much a predator about to lunge at his prey, even taking a step forward appearing to be about to strike. Peter’s self-preservation finally kicked in, scattering back and jumping out of his seat, almost toppling over alongside the chair as it hit the floor with a resounding smack. It had barely been tipped for long before he was making a run for the front door. Never once looking back as he ran for his life. Dad didn’t make a further move besides watching as the coward ran. Hearing the slamming shut of a car door and an engine turn on, proceeded by squelching of tires on the road, signaling he was gone.
Your father’s attention and the anger that had not left his face finally focused on you. Taking a step in your direction. The way he was looking at you, you understood why Peter ran, even if he was a little bitch in your opinion because of it. It was hard to be stared at in such an intense manner by such an imposing figure, even you were stepping back involuntarily because of it, basically stumbling to keep a distance. He didn’t let that stop him and only kept advancing. For every step he took, you took one back, until he had you cornered against a wall. Eyes wide and staring at him as he stood there in front of you. Your legs feeling unstable from how much you craved him. Though a voice in the back of your head kept trying to tell you that you shouldn’t feel anything remotely close to the deep-seated desire that you were currently feeling for him. You should feel mo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers and Y/n
Steve Rogers/Daughter!Reader
Steve Rogers/Daughter
Steve Rogers/Original Rogers Character

freeform: 
NSFW
NSFW GIF
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Incest Kink
Father-Daughter Relationship
Father/Daughter Incest
Daddy Kink
daddy Steve Rogers
Daughter Reader
Parent Steve Rogers
Y/n Rogers - Freeform
Reader-Insert
Father's Day
Happy Father's Day
Rough Sex
Vaginal Sex
Wall Sex
Shameless Smut
sex gif
porn gif
Erotic Gif
Animated GIFs
Hair-pulling
Spanking
Face-Fucking
thigh riding
Come Swallowing
Praise Kink
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
Dirty Talking Steve Rogers
Punishment
Orgasm Control
Used like a fleshlight
Anger
Possessive Sex
Cock Slut
Overstimulation
Crying
black out during sex
Half-Dressed Sex
peter parker briefly
Adult Peter Parker
boyfriend peter parker
Crack
No sex with Peter Parker
Dom Steve Rogers
Peter makes a run for it and never looks back
standing still while pleasures you
Taboo
Biting
Implied/Referenced Cheating

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers and Y/n
Steve Rogers/Daughter!Reader
Steve Rogers/Daughter
Steve Rogers/Original Rogers Character

