Chapter 1: A Visit From A Dead Man
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark was tired.Currently, he was entering hour 27 of lab time. Hunched over a table, focused on the scraps sitting on the smooth metal. His eyesight was a little blurry, but he could still work. It was fine.He had slept a little bit, cheek pressed against the workbench, a few hours ago. Better than usual, actually. Nightmares had woken him up, and he went straight to work. And hasn't stopped since.(Rogers slamming the shield down into his sternum. Again, again, again. He didn't stop. Tony could feel something cracking, breaking, snapping---)“Fri,” he called out to the ceiling. “Turn it up a little?” His eyes didn't budge from the wires in front of him.“Boss…” The AI began. “You have been down here for more than 24 hours. Ms. Potts’ protocols do not allow this. It would be detrimental to your health for you to continue.” Tony frowned and put the pliers down. “My own AI,” he grumbled. “Betraying me.” FRIDAY stopped the music completely. “Boss, I'm afraid I must insist. You have not eaten in over 8 hours.”Tony let out a deep sigh, and leaned back in his chair, face turned up towards the ceiling. He let his eyes slip shut. He knew that if he didnt get out of the lab, FRIDAY would call Pepper. And that was...not preferred. Ever since Siberia, he had been avoiding her. And Rhodey. And Happy. Hell, he wasn't even talking to the Spider-kid. But Happy could handle that. Tony had important things to do. Rhodey's braces, to start. This was the third version he was working on in as many weeks. They weren't perfect, but he was getting close.Rhodey was going to be fine.Just fine.He could still see him falling, remember powering his suit full throttle to try and catch him, but it didn't work, and he hit the ground so hard Tony thought-“Boss.”His eyes snapped open. “What, Fri?”“You...seem to have a visitor.”The engineer frowned. If it was Pepper or Rhodey, FRIDAY wouldn't announce them like that. Happy never came to the lab.“I'm sure whatever it is, someone else can handle it. I'm busy. Pepper is CEO for a reason. Direct whatever it is to her phone.”He could hear the hesitation in her voice. “You are being asked for specifically.”Tony threw a hand up. “Unless it is an alien, zombie, or self aware robot with a penchant for murder, I don't care. Get someone else.” There was a moment of silence.“Actually, Boss---” she trailed off.Tony looked up, eyes wide. “You're shitting me.”He stood up, wiping oil off his hands and onto the sides of his pants. “Please tell me nobody is dead. I can't deal with this shit.” He muttered, saving the half-constructed prosthetic design.“Nick Fury is currently waiting in your lobby. He wishes to speak with you.” There was a pause, and then she added “In private.”Tony took a deep breath. “I'll be damned. A zombie.” Fury was alive. Of course he was. Did he come back to life, or did he never actually die? Was it a decoy Fury? A stunt double? Or was the whole accident faked, for whatever shady reason?“Let him up, but make him wait a few minutes. Give him the runaround. I want him to sweat a little longer.” he ordered. FRIDAY sounded amused when she answered. “Sure thing, Boss.”Tony stepped into the elevator. What the hell could Fury want with him? SHIELD was in complete shambles, but he wouldn't put it past the man to have a secret organization inside a secret organization.The billionaire took his time changing and brushing his teeth, washing the grease off his face, and hoping he didn't look too bad. He sat down on one of the couches in the lounge, a bottle of water in hand. Waiting.“Incoming!” FRIDAY warned.Nick Fury stepped out of the elevator in all his eyepatch glory. He certainly didn't look dead. “Stark.” He greeted.Tony rolled his eyes. God, and people thought he was dramatic? “Pirate.” He returned. “You seem to be missing a tombstone. You're dead, didn't you hear the news?”Fury tipped his head a little. “News tends to exaggerate.” Tony scoffed, but gestured with a loose hand for him to sit. The ex-director (current director? Of a secret, other, organization?) sat across from him, looking very out of place. “How have you been doing?” he inquired.“Don't act like you don't know.” was the flat reply.Fury shrugged. Fair enough.“What the hell do you want, Nicky?”The nickname made his eye twitch, as it always did. “I have...an offer of sorts.” Tony stiffened. “Yeah, no. Your last offer? Didn't go too great. You guys got anywhere on catching those pesky war criminals yet?” Fury's jaw tightened, but he didn't say anything. “Didn't think so.” he muttered, looking down at his water bottle.“It's in your best interest.” Fury tried.“Yeah, because you know all about that. Again, I point you to the last time we had this discussion. Say what you actually mean, or get the hell out.”The spy worked his jaw for a minute. His eye was focused on Tony, narrowed a little in thought. Then, he let out a slow breath. “Fine.” he leaned back on the sofa. “You'r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Percy Jackson and Tony Stark
Tony Stark and Pepper Potts
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Percy Jackson & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Tartarus (Percy Jackson)
Past Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
anyways mrs oleary is a good dog
just want to point that out
BAMF Percy Jackson
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Brazilian Percy Jackson
Hawaiian Percy Jackson
Bisexual Percy Jackson
Light Angst
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
BAMF Pepper Potts
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Trans Peter Parker
Character Death

fandom: 
Percy Jackson and Tony Stark
Tony Stark and Pepper Potts
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Percy Jackson & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

