Work Text:


 "All right, I have a question for you. Oh, but you don’t have to answer it.   I feel like if you don't answer it though, you're kind of answering it, you know…"

1.“Was that your first kiss since 1945?"“No,” Rogers had said, looking away from the road to glare at her. “I’m 95, I’m not dead,” but if he thought that was the end of it; well, he didn’t know her at all. She found that the best time to ask Rogers personal questions was when he was deeply engrossed in something else. Missions were good (if he wasn’t actually in mortal danger), and driving (though he sometimes looked like he wanted to dive out onto the road), but the best time, she found, was when they were sparring or playing sports: climbing, kendo, squash.Rogers was a pretty good squash player and she had just smashed the ball above the service line when she turned to him and said, ambushing him, “So who’ve you been kissing, Rogers?” He looked at her, startled, and nearly got hit in the face by the ball, which flew past him. “5-4,” she said, smiling.He jogged distractedly after the ball, bounced it up on his racquet, and glared at her. “None of your business,” he said, and then lobbed the ball high and sent her racing to the back wall for it, and then they were panting and dodging past each other, racquets swinging. The thing was, Rogers wasn’t a liar – if he said he’d kissed someone, then he had, but SHIELD had been watching Rogers pretty closely since he'd come out of the ice and he'd never been sexually, romantically, or even socially linked with anyone—in fact, Rogers's lack of a life was so total that his surveillance detail was considered a plum assignment: easy work. Natasha'd been determined to facilitate an introduction or two—to women Rogers might really like, or women who'd at least push him down and fuck him, which wouldn't be the worst thing for him. Meaningless sex wasn't nothing, she thought; he shouldn't knock it till he tried it.But that didn't solve the mystery of who Rogers had been kissing—and then she remembered Tony's last Christmas party, which had started in festive, almost hysterical, merriment (Christmas music blasting, pine boughs and mistletoe everywhere, heaping piles of oysters and a 20-foot tree covered in tiny Avengers figurines) and ended in a bacchanal of drunkenness, gluttony and techno dancing. Some people had fallen, shrieking and laughing, into the champagne fountain—that was when Natasha herself had decided to call it a night—but Steve had been there, too. She thought he'd left early; the place had been teeming with people, and she couldn't imagine that it was his scene. But the mistletoe; there had been lots and lots of it—and lots of playful kissing and groping as a consequence.She stopped, letting the ball fly past her, and said, a little breathlessly, "Was it at Christmas?"Rogers stared at her, face flushed from the exercise, and then looked down and spun his racquet around and around in his hand. "I—when I was in the USO, there were lots of girls," he said. "Showgirls—though you had to be careful there—but also girls in every town we visited, crowds of them: huge numbers. All the men..." Rogers tightened his hand on the racquet. "All the men had gone overseas already."She raised her eyebrow. "So you were the most eligible guy in the country."Rogers shot her a narrow look. "That's what Bucky said. Yeah. I was the last eligible guy in New York. And then they put me on tour.  Millions and millions of women—and me.""Pretty good odds." Natasha smirked; she'd never considered this. "You sly dog. So did you—""I didn't do anything," Rogers said sharply. "Mostly I was done to. I mean, it was exciting, at first," he admitted. "All these dames reaching for you, trying to kiss you and touch you and—other things," he added awkwardly. "Especially when—I mean, no girl had ever looked at me twice." Rogers laughed, a little harshly. "Actually, no girl ever looked at me once. So I mean, I—I let a couple," he said, and Natasha felt her smile dying on her face; this wasn't turning out to be the happy story she'd hoped for. "It wasn't...." He frowned. "I mean, it was fun and all, but. I don't know. It wasn't me. I wasn't there.""Anyway." Rogers turned, fetched the ball, and bounced it up into his hand. "Tony's party was like that. Crowds of people, strangers, all wanting to be close to you because—I don't know. They don't know themselves, probably. A couple of dames kissed me—the mistletoe, I guess—and then I ended up in a quiet corner with one of them, let things go a little further. I'd been in my skin longer, I thought it would maybe be different. But it wasn't. She was nice, though," Rogers said, and bounced the ball on the glossy wood floor a couple of times. "And real nice about it when I said I had to go."He made as if to serve, and then darted a glance at her. "Anything else you'd like to know?" he asked, and she could feel the hostility steaming off him; he'd answered her question, but he'd resented i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
5 Things
Find Bucky
Natasha likes to know things
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Rude is culturally relative

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

