Work Text:
The trouble with Tony Stark was not that he was entirely too fucking clever for his own good. It was, in Darcy Lewis's opinion, that he knew it.She found the closet by accident.Well, that wasn't entirely true. She'd been looking for something closet-like; that was, she'd been looking, very specifically, for something small and dark and warm that could be easily lined with pillows and soft blankets, and closed off from the rest of the apartment if necessary. The fact that he'd built exactly that sort of thing into their living room with a hidden door that slid into the floor for added security was the kind of thing that made her simultaneously want to hug him and punch him in the face.The fact that it was a nesting closet was immediately obvious the moment Darcy peered into the open space: the walls were lined with something soft, the floor was covered in velvety cushions, and the lighting was indirect enough to be easy on a newborn's eyes while still bright enough to read by. When she stepped inside, she found a dropdown television screen suspended from the ceiling, and that the walls opened to reveal several empty shelves that would be perfect for books and supplies as well as a mini-fridge. The only thing the space lacked was its own private bathr--Nope. A small section opened in the wall that was shared with the downstairs half-bath, which could be locked from the inside. It was the most secure and perfect nesting spot any Omega could have possibly wanted."JARVIS," Darcy said, "where did this come from, and why did it just open now?""All of the family quarters in the tower are equipped with similar features," the AI assured her. "The doors respond to reproductive hormone levels.""So if I never got pregnant, the door would never open?""That is correct.""Huh." Darcy stared into the space for a long moment before saying, "Well, I guess I ought to make use of it, huh?""As you wish, Miss Lewis."And she did – very much. The nesting closet was perfect – exactly the kind of small, safe space she needed to bring her pups into the world. Omegas had been giving birth for millennia, with very little trouble. The process was as instinctive as anything else in life, generally painless or next to, and accomplished best with minimal fuss. She recalled from her history studies that there had been, on occasion, movements to medicalize the birth process, including a recent push by some doctors just after World War II to standardize birthing in hospitals, of all places. They were, of course, sometimes needed - if an Omega was having a particularly large litter, for example, or was in medical danger for some other reason - but most Omegas preferred the close, quiet safety of nesting closets and the idea of having a standard birth in a bright, cold hospital room full of medical personnel had just never really caught on.Darcy wasn't having a particularly large litter; in fact, according to her ultrasounds, she wasn't having a litter at all - just the one pup. And she was perfectly healthy, as was the baby. So she didn't worry about a thing. She just set about prepping the space as she liked it – which started with packing the mini-fridge with protein shakes and bottles of water and juice. She tucked her Kindle and her StarkPad into one of the shelves behind the wall, along with several favorite paperbacks. Another set of shelves took what she liked to call the Baby Starter Kit: a package of disposable diapers, several sets of newborn clothing, wipes, powder, and other essential supplies for a newborn baby - hopefully enough to see her through the nesting period and into the aftermath, when she would be willing and able to bring the pup out of the closet and into the bigger world.Once that was accomplished, she started collecting blankets. There were several of them in the apartment, and she'd want them, even with all the cushions already on the floor of the nest, for warmth and for scent. Bucky came into the apartment just as she brought the last of them: the actual coverlet off the bed that the three of them shared. He stood in the middle of the living room and watched as she fought with the king-sized comforter, struggling to get it through the door of the nesting closet.He knew better than to help her; Omegas at the tail end of their reproductive cycle tended to be snappish - literally. Instead, he waited until she'd gotten it in and the sounds from inside the closet indicated that she was getting it settled the way she wanted it, and he approached the door carefully. "Hey," he greeted her."Hey," she replied. "Come in, it's okay.""You sure?""Yeah. It's nice, but it still smells sterile."He kicked his shoes off and entered the small closet in his sock feet; she was curled up toward the back, one arm over her rounded belly, the other extended toward him. Thus invited, he joined her, lying down on the thick cushions and cuddling her close. "So, nesting closet," he said."Yeah," she replied, laughing softly. "JARVIS sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Baby Fic
Childbirth
Nesting
Animal Instincts
Fluff and Smut
Domestic Fluff
Dom/sub Undertones

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

