Chapter 1: The Ambition of the Ice King
    




Chapter Text
Jotunheim… Realm of Ice and Snow… but it isn’t frozen everywhere or all the time. There are great forests of pine and rivers flow here. There are great oceans with giant ice bergs floating like islands across the deep blue. The Fire Mountains are always crowned with columns of smoke and ash as they erupt and cloud the skies to the far west of the Jotun capital of YmirsKeep where the palace of Winter-dwell resides. The greatest city in all of Jotundom lies nestled in the wide flat valley of the Snowy Spine, the tallest mountains in the Realm of Giants.The city is sheltered from the frigid winds that race from the north during the winter. The mighty fortress/palace of Winter-dwell is at the back of the valley and climbs up in layers against the vertical cliffs of the high mountains. It faces south towards the mouth of the valley in the distance where the mighty gate known as Ymir’s Maw is set. The capital sprawls along the valley floor and up the steep sides if the Snowy Spine in fractal patterns of sharp angles… squares, triangles, pentagons, hexagons, and polygons of varying points are displayed in the lay out below the dwelling of the Jotun Kings.The eldest… and smallest… Jotun Prince, Loki, looks down upon the blue and white lights that illuminate the edges of buildings and patterns etched upon them as well as on the various straight pathways both narrow and wide that fan out below giving the snowy city of stone, crystal, and silvered metal a ghostly glow in the twilight of dawn. It is a sight Loki finds soothing… though he feels a yearning in his heart for something more… an adventure to see the greater world beyond the palace and the capital. He daydreams of what the other Realms look like as he absently pets the large head of his snow white direwolf, Fen.“Come away from the balcony, my son.” Comes a lilted effeminate male voice. Loki turns his head and his waist-length raven waves move to spill over his right shoulder as he looks at his dame, King Farbausti’s Consort and Jotunheim’s second King… Laufey.Laufey is short for a Jotun, standing just over eight feet tall. Loki looks just like his dame only smaller, standing just over six feet in height. They look very much alike… lithe yet toned musculature that is on full display for the Jotuns wear loincloths and wraps around their waists… maybe a vest or a tunic during formal occasions as well as the occasional fur coat in the coldest parts of the long winter season… but they typically wear just enough to cover their groin and little else.Jotuns are of a single gender, unlike most of the Races in the Nine Realms (save the Trolls who are also of a single gender) and those that are more feminine tend to have hair upon their heads whilst the more masculine Jotuns tend to be bald. The effeminate Jotuns tend to adorn their necks, arms, legs, and waists with metal jewelry that showcases their station… Slaves (typically those who are criminals) wear lead (which isn’t poisonous to Jotuns) while paid servants wear tin, whores wear polished copper, warriors wear brass and bronze depending on their rank, nobles wear silver, and only the two Kings and their children wear gold. The more masculine Jotuns will wear arm bands or bracelets to denote their station but adorn themselves with a crust of frost and ice shards to give a sense of individualism.“Your father will be making an important announcement today… so you must look your best.” Laufey says with a brilliant white smile as he sits out the small and elaborate gold jewelry for Loki to wear. Laufey adores his eldest son who is the only one of his three boys to be effeminate like himself.“Must I attend?” Loki says with a bored sigh having no love for his father’s droll meetings or angry critiquing of his ‘runt’ child. He knows his father has been building up the ranks of the army these last few years and they are gearing for invasion into a Realm that Jotuns have continuously been pushed out of… Midgard.“Yes… as Crowned Prince one day you will sit the Throne of Ever-Winter and the command will fall to you, my precious treasure.” Laufey says as he picks out the gold and gem encrusted jewelry for his little boy.“You mean to say that my ‘Husband’ will be King whilst I am confined to my bed as I birth his children…” Loki then sighs as he moves his wavy mane fully over his right shoulder to clasp his shoulder adornments and breastplate into place. The golden breastplate covers his chest from just under his collarbones to just above his indigo nipples of his flat chest which will develop into small teats when he does conceive. Little dangling pieces of gold and teardrop-shaped emeralds edge the bottom of the plate. Thin golden chains with emerald studded babbles fall down his upper arms and bracers of gold over soft leather lined with the softest furs of Snow Hares cover his forearms.“Only whilst you are heavy with child, my son. Otherwise you will rule as equa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Malekith
Lorelei/Sif
Helblindi/Jarnsaxa
Loki/Lorelei
Loki/Lorelei/Thor/Sif

freeform: 
Jotun Culture
War Prize!Loki
Thor seems like a real dick in the begin... but that's cause he hates Jotuns
Loki is more compassionate and caring
Smut
Single Gender Jotuns
Discussion of Jotun anatomy
Malekith looks like Thrandruil :P
Eventual mpreg
Anal Sex
Loss of Virginity
some bdsm elements
Misunderstandings and Culture Shock in beginning
Thor seems like a villain in the beginning
Game of Thrones style political intrigue will ensue as this goes on
There is an eventual foursome
There is a kidnapping so be warned
DON'T LIKE... THEN DON'T READ

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Malekith
Lorelei/Sif
Helblindi/Jarnsaxa
Loki/Lorelei
Loki/Lorelei/Thor/Sif

