Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It seems ridiculous to say it now, but truthfully - my mom always warned me not to go out alone, especially in the woods. As a kid, I felt this weird, almost mystical calling towards nature, and so most afternoons would find me running around the trees in our backyard - our little cottage luckily placed right before the beginning of our town’s forest.
Or so I felt about it, of course. As I grew older and became accustomed to hear her constant sermons about wandering too far off into the green embrace of mother nature, I eventually came to understand where her worries came from.
Our forest was inhabited by strange men, so was whispered in bonfires, gossiped around the streets when the town gathered together to distract themselves at some carnival that rolled around overnight. They had been born amongst the trees, where they were raised, and where they lived until now. They were wild and dangerous, more animal than men, and it wasn’t unusual for unsolved crimes in the neighboring villages to be attributed to them.
And still, no officer was brave enough to wander into the woods and bring these vile men to justice. They just allowed them to remain there, living like beasts, until the day they were caught dirtying their souls for the crimes their hands committed.
As a child, I’d heard of such tales, of course - but only the tame version that was repeated night after night when my mom tucked me in for the evening and tried to get through to me so I wouldn’t venture into the forest anymore.
“It’s dangerous,” so was the moral of every fable she had ever told me. “And you should always do as your mother said.” As the only family I had ever had, I hated to be confronted with the knowledge that I was hurting her in any way, but still, I couldn’t avoid it. My feet would always take me towards the edge of the forest, and the only conclusion I was ever able to draw from her retelling of the animal-men was how great it must have been to grow up amongst the trees.
It was only once she fell ill that she was finally able to get a promise out of me. “Yes, mama,” I still remember repeating, sitting on the edge of her bed and holding her fragile and trembling hand between my own. “I won’t wander off into the woods anymore. I have to take care of you.”
And so I did. For a month I didn’t venture into the unknown, and I didn’t even have the time to miss it, too worried about my mother to consider escaping towards the trees. But then came her funeral. For another month, I just stared out into the woods, trying to decide if I should honor her memory or follow my heart. There was no one waiting for me at home anymore, no one to miss me.
No one to worry about me.
I ended up in the forest one month and a day after my mother’s death. To make it even worse, it was night and I ventured into it deeper than I had ever been before. I didn’t mind if I didn’t come back, there was nothing left for me at the house I grew up in, or in the town where I was born.
I didn’t even have any tears left to cry.
Looking up at the full moon, I took a moment to close my eyes and breathe in the smell of pine and wood, paying special attention to the gentle sounds of the animals getting ready to sleep. How I wished I was one of them, able to hide inside the trunk of a tree and make a room for me there, live forever surrounded by the green that I loved.
Suddenly, the sound of leaves crinkling underneath a footstep pierced through the calmness of the night. I turned around in surprise, trying to see if it was coming from behind me, but couldn’t see far into the shadows to figure out if it was a large animal or a squirrel.
I remained frozen for a few seconds, but no other sounds disturbed the gentle chirping of the crickets. Sighing in relief, I turned back once more, only to find a man right before me, head tilted as he took in my presence like I did to him.
Perhaps I should have started to tremble in fear right then and there, but the truth was - I didn’t. Even though his frame was significantly larger than mine, even though his biceps bulged as we stared at one another, even though he could easily kill me without any repercussions whatsoever… All I could do was admire how handsome he was, with his blond hair and blue eyes. For a few seconds, I considered if I had run into some sort of angel or mystical creature.
“Hello?” I risked greeting, and he just blinked at me, almost as if he hadn’t heard me. Then, all at once, he crossed the distance between us, taking my face between his hands and pulling me to stand on my tiptoes so when he leaned down, our lips could connect.
My eyes widened before I told myself to close them, for whatever reason not feeling like shoving him away as he forced his tongue into my mouth. It’s not like I’d be able to do that, anyway - he was easily much stronger than me. When he finally let me go, after I became dizzy from the lack of oxygen, I observed that he actually towered over my height, the difference in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Andy Barber/You
Ari Levinson (Red Sea Diving Resort) & Reader
Ransom Drysdale/Reader
Frank Adler/Reader

freeform: 
Smut
Minor Angst
multiple sex partners
Gangbang
poly!relationship
a/b/o dynamics
Reverse Harem?
shared omega
Outdoor Sex
Size Kink
Knotting
Housewife Kink
innocence kink
sound kink
Rimming
Anal Play
Anal Sex
Triple Penetration
Free Use
Voyeurism
Hate fucking
Exhibitionism
Orgy
Uniform Kink
primal play
Humiliation kink
degradation kink
Spanking
Dacryphilia
Praise Kink
Scenting
Possessiveness
ruts
Begging
Edging
Somnophilia
Sensory Deprivation
Asphyxiation
Hair-pulling
throatfucking
spitting kink
biting kink
deprivation
Denial
Toys
Overstimulation
Choking
Breeding Kink
Cumplay
Cum Marking
Creampie
Unprotected Sex
Heats
Nesting
lactation play
brothers all having sex with the same person at the same time
but no actual sexual relations between them
so I guess no incest?

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Andy Barber/You
Ari Levinson (Red Sea Diving Resort) & Reader
Ransom Drysdale/Reader
Frank Adler/Reader

