Chapter 1: Where We Are Now
    




Chapter Text
There was no faint whirring noise, no rattle and clank of machinery. No – Stark Industries did better work than that, and Tony Stark did the very best. His latest piece came alive with smooth, flawless silence, metal digits twitching to life and curling into a fist.Triumphantly he lifted his hands in mock exultation. “It's alive.”“Ha ha.” The recipient of his present lifted the prosthetic, turning the mechanical hand and flexing the fingers experimentally. “He always this funny, Steve, or am I just special?”Steve Rogers, sitting backwards on a swivel chair with his arms crossed loosely over the back-rest, snickered. “How's it feel, Buck?”Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes shrugged. He repeated the motion more slowly, testing the feel of the metal joint. “Like an arm. Which, frankly, is a step up from my last one.”“Ugh, don't even talk to me about that monstrosity.” Tony sniffed disdainfully. “I did better work on my eighth grade science project. That wasn't a prosthetic arm, it was a metal club welded to your shoulder.” He threw his hands up for emphasis. “For an underground organization that's secretly been infiltrating another underground organization for decades, they have absolutely no finesse.”“I don't need finesse.” Barnes shrugged again, still inspecting his new limb. “I just need something that isn't theirs.”Steve hummed in response. Tony stayed out of that one – he hadn't had an awful lot to do with Hydra before the discovery of its presence had all but dissolved SHIELD. And even then, that was just to yank his funding like a rug under their feet and liquidate all their Stark-affiliated assets, as well as a few non-Stark-affiliated ones he could get his hands on. There was no history there for him – maybe there had been for Dad, but Dad hadn't exactly been forthcoming about it. But Steve was Good People, same as Coulson had been Good People, so when Steve had wandered in with a freshly-rehabilitated ice fossil assassin and a request, Tony had been happy to oblige.That, along with the upcoming Stark Expo and certain recent revelations on the other side of the country, had made for a rather busy few months.There was a knock at the doorway, and Pepper walked in with a clipboard in her arms and strands of hair rapidly escaping her ponytail. “You have a minute, Tony?”Tony whipped around. “For you, I have all the minutes. How's prep going for the Expo?”Pepper sighed, brushing one of the flyaway strands behind her ear. “Exactly how it always goes – hectic and a nightmare.”“Fair enough. By the way-” He turned back to the two ninety-year-olds in the room. “Both of you are invited. VIP and everything.”“Really,” Barnes said flatly. “You're inviting me.”Tony spread his hands. “Hey, might as well bring you two relics into the twenty-first century, in style. Steve, what do you say? Got a space in your busy schedule?”“I'll think about it,” Steve replied, in a tone of voice that suggested that he did, in fact, mean to think about it. “We're still rooting out Hydra hideouts.”“I haven't a thing to wear,” Barnes said dryly.“Tick-tock, Capsicle, it's happening in a couple months.” Steve turned back to Pepper not a moment too soon – she was beginning to look impatient. “You were saying?”
 “It's about the special invitations, actually. I wanted to go over the list with you.” Pepper's face added, 
privately
, and Tony followed her out of the lab with a quick wave to Steve and Barnes. Once they were outside, Pepper cut right to the chase. “So, first off, this is the first year we're not inviting Robert Callaghan.”
Tony winced inwardly. Robert Callaghan, once upon a time, had been Good People too. The man was a genius, a pioneer, and an absolute gift to the robotics field. If Robert had ever gone corporate, Tony would have had a proper rival on his hands. As it was he had gone the academic route, and instead of a competitor, Tony had an on-off drinking buddy and a pool named after him on the SFIT campus. Not the worst thing to bear the Stark name, to be sure.Of course, then Robert had to go and commit arson and attempted murder.Not that Tony blamed him much – Krei was a smarmy little upstart that warranted extra security detail at the Expo to make sure he didn't pinch anything. But the end result was one dead undergrad, one hell of a lot of property damage, and one robotics innovator behind bars for good.Tony buried his discomfort under another quip. “Yup, can't invite him. The orange jumpsuit would clash with the overall aesthetic.” He crossed his arms, looking thoughtful. “Think it'd be in poor taste to invite Abigail without him?” If there was one good thing to come out of that whole mess on the west coast, then it was Abigail Callaghan's rescue. Nice girl, smart too – he had to wonder if she was back on Krei's payroll, though.“I sent her invitation this morning. I did have someone else in mind, though.” From the clipboard she took a newspaper clipping and held it out to him.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hydra (Marvel)
Tadashi is there in spirit
Sam's gonna run out of orange juice by the time this is over

fandom: 
None
