Work Text:
When Tony sat back against the dresser along the wall and pulled Steve between his legs, his hands busy pushing Steve's sweatpants over his hips, Steve tried his hardest not to be disappointed.They'd been doing this for exactly one week now, ever since the night everyone had been gassed with the pheremones Bruce had accidentally unleashed upon the mansion. After everyone had gotten over the initial embarrassment of having sex with and in front of their other teammates, it'd taken only a few hours and half a tumbler of scotch before Tony and Steve did it again. And again, and again, and in seven days they'd somehow managed to do it a grand total of twenty-four times.And every time, it'd ended nearly the same way; with Tony on his back with his legs wrapped around Steve's waist. Not that Steve was complaining, oh no. Tony and he had sparked immediately when they first met. Their personalities had clashed and they rubbed each other the wrong way, but somehow they couldn't quite get out of each others orbit. The chemistry they had was explosive, whether they were standing across the room trying to ignore each other or nose-to-nose, glaring each other down.Granted, their fights had usually ended up with the both of them shouting themselves hoarse instead of the both of them naked and sweaty on a flat surface, but even back then Steve knew there was something about the other man that he was inexplicably drawn to. When their lips first made contact, when he first felt the crinkle of Tony's beard rasping around his mouth and his calloused fingers sliding up the front of Steve's shirt, something had clicked inside of him that had nothing to do with chemical reaction and everything to do with the way Tony always seemed to make his blood boil.It wasn't that it was bad. Hell, Steve thought the sex was fantastic. Of course he had no other references to go by, but the way Tony would end up a purring puddle of goo must've said something about his lovemaking. It was just..."Mmm," Tony hummed against his neck when his hand closed around Steve's cock. "Hello there, soldier."Exasperated as he was, Steve couldn't hold back a breathless laugh even as he rolled his hips into Tony's hand. He just wasn't sure what he was doing wrong.Steve had spent the better part of the night bending over in front of Tony, taking every opportunity to pick things up off the floor in the hopes of Tony getting an eyeful of his ass and ending up with ideas. But it seemed the only ideas in Tony's mind had to do with getting himself a piece of what was down the front of Steve's pants."God, yeah, you're so hard for me," Tony mumbled against Steve's neck, and yeah, Steve definitely wasn't going to complain. Not when Tony's nimble fingers were doing such glorious things to his dick and his voice got all low and growly. "Can't wait to get you inside me. Yeah, Steve, want you to fuck me. Right here. Right on the dresser.""Don't you ever want to fuck me?"Yeah, okay. Maybe he was going to complain just a little bit.It had been one week and the furthest they'd been on that end had been two nights ago, when Tony had gone down on Steve in his workshop. Steve had been reclining on a couch, three of Tony's long fingers up his ass, when Tony had gotten greedy about the noises coming from Steve's throat and crawled up his body to kiss him. Steve had been too busy sucking the flavor of his cock out of Tony's mouth to realize Tony had been lubing him up, and before he could do anything else, like articulate how badly he wanted to feel Tony's prick in him, Tony had slid down on him and began riding him hard. Steve's eyes were rolling back in his head too quickly for him to realize he'd missed his chance.The next morning Steve tried not to feel pissed, because of things like Tony and sex and finally, but he couldn't help the disappointment that coursed through his veins.Then yesterday Tony had him bent over a bench in the gym, his asscheeks spread and his face buried between them, and it had been magnificent. The contrast between the burn of Tony's facial hair against his skin (and jesus did Steve love when Tony rubbed his face against him, loved the rasp of it that let him know it was Tony he was doing this with, as though he could forget) and the slick smoothness of his tongue in all the right places had Steve's entire body alight. He remembered yelling a lot about god and saying something embarrassing about how grateful he was at one point, and Tony had just chuckled and cupped his balls and waited a total of eight seconds after Steve came in a shuddering mess to stripe his back with his come.It had been hot and messy and the only thing that could've made it better was if Tony had been inside him."Yeah, I'll fuck you. I'll fuck you so good, baby." Tony's free hand shot out behind himself to fumble blindly at a drawer, looking for lubricant. Steve moaned when Tony's tongue did something sinful to his ear and his dick jumped in Tony's hand at the thought. Fin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Porn with some plot
although it's not a lot of plot
Steve is the toppiest top who ever bottomed
Snarky sex
not actually military porn
this was all Bruce's fault

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

