Chapter 1: Classroom
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Loki paced the length of the abandoned classroom, hands balled into fists in his trouser pockets. Every few steps he shot a glance towards the back of the room, where a figure sat, immobile.‘Would you stop circling?’ Sylvie asked from behind him. ‘You’re making me ill.’ She leaned against the chalkboard, smudging the final scrawls written there.Loki muttered an apology. He slid backwards onto a child-sized chair and drummed his fingers on the matching desk. ‘So what’s your plan? We sit here until the planet eventually explodes?’Sylvie didn’t answer. From the back of the room came a low, pained groan. Loki swallowed. ‘And what about him?’Slumped against the back wall was Mobius. The agent was unconscious, his head lolling to one side. A thin trickle of blood ran from a cut on his cheek to his shirt collar, staining it pink. The image made Loki dizzy. ‘He’s hurt. We should do something.’Sylvie launched herself from the chalkboard and crossed to where Mobius sat. Grasping a tuft of his silver hair, she tilted his slack face towards hers. ‘It’s a papercut,’ she said. ‘He’ll live.’ She let go, roughly, and Mobius went limp again.Loki looked away. He considered doing some light magic, just to heal the cut on Mobius’s face, but knew the act would be impossible to explain to Sylvie. It was difficult to explain to himself, this desire to protect Mobius. The man was a TVA agent, for gods’ sake. He had almost certainly arrived as a trap.But as another low moan escaped Mobius, Loki’s stomach clenched. TVA or no, he didn’t like seeing Mobius like this. Explanation be damned.‘...And because this TVA fascist didn’t come alone to fight two Lokis himself,’ Sylvie was saying, gesturing to Mobius with her knife, ‘His friends and their pruning sticks must not be far behind. We find out when they’re coming, ambush the minutemen, steal their power source.’ ‘And how do we find that out?’ Loki raised his eyebrow. ‘You’ve rendered our informant unconscious. I told you, brute force is rarely productive.’‘No?’ Sylvie asked. In one swift movement, she swung out her leg and kicked Mobius, hard. ‘Wake up!’Loki was out of his seat before he could think. He watched, mute, as Sylvie struck Mobius again. The agent didn’t wake, but fell to one side, his face slack.‘Sylvie,’ Loki said, trying to keep his voice level. ‘That’s not achieving anything.’‘Maybe not,’ Sylvie landed another kick to the man’s shin. ‘Feels good though. Want a turn?’‘No. Stop!’ Loki held up his hand, and just like that, Sylvie froze.Sylvie glared daggers. Even as she glowered at Loki, her foot remained suspended, a few inches from Mobius. ‘Let me go, dickhead!’Loki shook his head. ‘Only if you stop hurting him.’Sylvie’s eyes grew large, incredulous. She broke free from Loki’s spell with her own burst of magic, stomping her foot down on the ground. Loki shielded himself, braced for whatever weapon she was about to hurl at him.But instead of magic, all Loki heard was a snort.Loki dared to look up. The rage that had been on Sylvie’s face a moment before had been replaced by something else: amusement. ‘You’re joking,’ she said.‘What?’ Loki asked, genuinely confused now. He spread his hands out in front of him, unsure if he’d need to restrain Sylvie once more.Sylvie didn’t respond. She squatted next to Mobius.‘Don’t–’ Loki began, but Sylvie didn’t touch him. She just sat there, studying Mobius’s face. The silence made Loki uneasy.‘Him?’ She asked, finally. ‘Really?’‘Him what?’‘I’d understand some of those hunters,’ Sylvie continued. ‘They’re hot. But this guy…’ She slid her dagger under Mobius's necktie, lifting it from his stained shirt with a grimace. ‘Talk about daddy issues. I’m almost embarrassed for us.’Loki felt his face grow hot. He crossed his arms over his chest. ‘I have no idea what you’re on about. I worked with him at the TVA, that’s all.’Suddenly, Sylvie raised the blade of the dagger to Mobius’s neck. Instinctively Loki jumped forward, and she laughed.‘You like him.’ Her eyes sparkled. ‘He’s one of your would-be princes, then?’The question caught Loki off-guard, so much he almost let out a laugh. Is that what she thought this was about? ‘Don’t be absurd,’ Loki said. He was careful to keep one eye on the dagger that Sylvie held flush against Mobius’s skin. ‘We were colleagues. Friends, maybe. Nothing more.’‘But you don’t want me to kill him?’ Sylvie ran the blade over Mobius’s collarbone.‘No!’ Loki leapt forward again, aware he was playing right into Sylvie’s hand but unable to stop himself. He breathed a sigh of relief when Sylvie pocketed the dagger, grinning all the while. She was enjoying this far too much.Loki stopped. Considered. Selected a matching grin. He unfolded his arms in surrender. ‘Yes. I’d rather you not slit the man’s throat. If that means I’m in love with him, so be it.’‘Interesting. Love.’ But still Sylvie didn’t stand. She contin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius
Loki & Sylvie Laufeydottir
The platonic chaos trio
except for Loki and Mobius

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Sylvie Loki Mobius dynamic trio rise up
Loki is oblivious but protective idiot
chaotic bi sibling energy
general chaos from everyone involved
Light Angst
First Kiss
Happy Ending
Minor Violence
Found Family

fandom: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius
Loki & Sylvie Laufeydottir
The platonic chaos trio
except for Loki and Mobius

