Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
     It is said that Ragnar Lothbrok was one of Odin’s first sons. Before Thor, before Loki, and after Hela. Ragnar sprung forth from Odin’s mind with bravery, wit, kindness, and rage. Ragnar often left Asgard in favor of journeying to the other realms, which Odin rarely approved of. Ragnar, like his father, thirsted for knowledge. But unlike Odin, Ragnar saw knowledge not as something to be gained for knowledge’s sake but something to be earned and passed down. Knowledge was something to help shape the realms, something to help farmers on Midgaird grow their crops, it was for elves to chart their stars and for the Valkyrie, to make stronger weapons.Because Ragnar’s mind was often wandering and his path far from his father, it is no surprise that Odin and Ragnar fought very few battles together. But when Ragnar did join Odin in battles, he proved ruthless and fierce. Ragnar fought with a cunning blade and angry magic that didn't kill his enemies; it destroyed them. One such battle Ragnar fought with his father brought him to the shores of Kattegat on Midgard. They were pushing the Frost Giants' back and close to victory. Ragnar could not say that he desired victory, not when his father seemingly didn't care if the Midgairdian's lived or died. Ragnar just wanted peace. And Kattegat was it. Ragnar took one look at this town nestled in a valley, the long-twisted mountains stretching on either side, the ocean dark and deep sweeping Kattegat’s green flowery shore - and its people, small, few, strong, proud-and found he could not leave. These people, Odin argued, were not like them. Yes, Ragnar argued, they are good.For Ragnar saw Rollo, a fierce man till the land with a kind hand. Ragnar saw Floki make boats from weeping willow trees. And Lagertha, a fair shield maiden who fought harder than the Einherjar. Ragnar found not only friends and brothers but a group of people whose heart lay in the purity of the land, whose restlessness in battle proved their measure, and above all, their craving for knowledge was endless. These people had earned their knowledge, had respected the land, each other, and were worthy of being defended, protected. Not cast aside because they were less than. It took less than a moment to decide; Ragnar knew in his heart he didn’t want to go back to Asgard. For what beauty was there in Asgard where everything was perfect, perfected - the imperfections of Kattegat showed the strength of innovation and learning. For what good was it to wander the halls of Odin’s library reading everything his father had collected, Ragnar had not earned that right. And what good was it to spend time with people who thought only of themselves, who locked what they had away, who spent days catering to each other’s needs and not the true needs to the other realms? No, Ragnar knew; he could not go back to Asgard and abandoned the people he had come to love.Odin’s fury knew no bounds at his first son. How dare Ragnar refuse his place in Asgard, how dare he forget who he is and think these people worthy. But Ragnar pressed on.         “Power is dangerous,” Ragnar said to his father, “this I have always known. Look at what power has given me. Magic I can use to hurt and deceive. Strength, yes, but for what. Whom shall I defend? Since I’ve come here, I have found myself thinking, what use is power? You see, the problem with power is that the more you have, the more others want it. And I no longer want it. In your world, father, power can only truly be built with knowledge and blood. Blood that is not yours and knowledge you earned, but I did not. I will stay and earn my knowledge and earn these people blood.”  Odin looked upon his son, his first, and knew his heart and mind, and relented. Ragnar could stay; he would be blessed with sons to carry out his legacy, ambitions, and search for such knowledge. Odin would bless Ragnar of line worthy of him: son’s strong, smart, and brave that would last a thousand years. But one day, the line would end, and Ragnar’s legacy would return home to Asgard to fulfill the birthright of being a son of Odin. But the line would end with the bravest warrior, the cleverest man, an heir worthy not only of his father’s line but worthy of an Asgardian line. And Ragnar agreed. So, Odin removed from Ragnar the gift of long life, his strength, and left him the smallest bit of magic. And for years, Ragnar lived a good life. He built boats with Floki, he turned soil with Rollo. He married Lagertha and together they have Bjorn, and then a daughter Gya. Ragnar found a group of men to explore and raid. Kattegat grew. Ragnar conquered and earned the right to rule. And the legends of who he was, what Ragnar could do grew.          But for all Ragnar began to learn and know, he also learned of struggle and pain. For the more Ragnar learned and his fame spread, the more jealous Rollo became. And the more Ragnar pushed Floki to build and create, and try, the more 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Sif/Thor (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Not Canon Compliant
Eventual Smut
Tony is lowkey mean
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Dom/sub
Blow Jobs
Fingerfucking
Vaginal Sex
Restraints
Masturbation
Enemies to Lovers
Dirty Talk
Rough Sex
Spanking
Blood
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Eventual Happy Ending
Hurt No Comfort
slight arranged marriage AU if you squint
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Avengers be sus
Violence
Magic-Users
sex will be like every other chapter once we get there
Sub Loki (Marvel)
Face Slapping
Touch-Starved
Flirting
Reader-Insert
no y/n
Politics
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
No Thanos
Svar is the darkling from shadow and bone sorry I wanted more hot men in this world
Arranged Marriage
Giving it the full tag because might as well
emotional burn
Knifeplay
Mutual Masturbation
Love Bites

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Sif/Thor (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

