Work Text:
Erik watches the Brotherhood's van drive away, lips curling in a snarl to bare pointed teeth, and plots to kill every last one of those traitors.He doesn't remember why he thought democracy was such a great idea. Next time, it will be a dictatorship, and all of the new members (because of course the old membership will all be dead) will quiver under his boot heel.Assuming he ever wears boots again.They didn't bother telling him how long this would last; merely that they've voted him out in addition to voting to transform him into a dog.The reason given for the former: they've tired of his 'insane Magneto logic.'The reason given for the latter: none, but the hysterical laughter said enough.*When Erik beds down in an alley that night, he reflects that at least he's not a poodle, a sheltie or some other completely inane or poofy breed of dog.At least as a doberman he still gives off that air of danger that's clung to him all of his life; and if he smiles that manic smile, it's liable to be even more frightening than usual.That this is a comforting thought says something about how far he's fallen.*The next day, Erik wanders down the street sniffing some things - who knew there were so many interesting smells in the world - and marking a good number of them, when he hears a very familiar sound from several streets over.Can it be?Erik bolts across intersections, causing two collisions on the way (please; he's not going to be the kind of dog that gets hit by a car).The sound, the creaking rasp of plastic spokes that have always made Erik's hackles rise, gets louder, and -It is, it is, it's Charles.Erik's usual meetings with Charles tend to be tense, over-formal; but for some reason, he now finds himself wiggling all over before he's even reached him, and rather than keeping the necessary distance between them he finds himself -Whining, wagging his stub of a tail, and for some reason he can't stop himself from jumping up, planting his front feet onto Charles' unfeeling lap, licking his face frantically, crying and whining all the while."...Er. Hello there?" Charles says with a startled laugh.He raises his hands, possibly to push Erik off; so Erik licks at his hands too, continuing to whine and thinking Charles Charles Charles oh yes Charles Charles Charles -
What. The. Fuck.*Several minutes later, Erik's superior mutant mind has managed to override his inferior dog mind long enough to stop licking Charles.However, he is still standing with his front feet in Charles' lap, now nose-to-nose with him.Charles looks nothing if not confused, which makes two of them.Erik considers his options for a moment before sliding off Charles in order to sit casually down on the sidewalk. He also yawns, to make the point that Charles is really very boring. This point is somewhat undermined by the insanely strong urge to lift his leg to mark Charles' wheelchair, which urge he resists by sheer magnetic force of will."Aren't you a sweet girl," Charles says, reaching down to scratch behind Erik's ear - which feels obscenely good. "Where's your owner, I wonder? Someone must be missing you."...Girl. Really, Charles.Erik is just about to go ahead and piss on the damned wheelchair when a policeman and an animal control officer with a noose on a stick approach them."This your dog?" the policeman asks.Charles glances back and forth between the two other men, then back down at Erik; and then he says, "Ah, yes. She's my, ah, service dog."The policeman looks skeptical, as well he might, but still proceeds to cite Charles for a number of offenses including Erik not having a dog license, not being leashed, and since there are a number of witnesses to the accidents Erik caused he's cited for those too, which is going to be expensive since Charles won't have kept an auto insurance policy in his own name for obvious reasons.Erik could feel bad about it, but doesn't, reasoning that Charles can easily afford it, the rich fuck.Once they've gone, Erik waits until Charles is looking at him again, then lifts his leg pointedly on the wheelchair."Oh, so you're a boy dog, are you?" Charles says, sighing. "I really wish you hadn't done that."Too bad.*When Raven finds them to drive Charles home, Erik can't help but growl at her.All the trouble with the Brotherhood started with her, after all; post-Cuba, five years ago now, she lasted three and a half days exactly before losing her resolve and running home to Charles ("Don't you dare try to stop me, Erik! Charles is my brother. Yes, I know I was mad at him, but now that I've had the time to think about it I'm not convinced he even knows what we were fighting about. So I'm going to go enlighten him, we're going to fight about it, and then we're going to make up because that's what brothers and sisters do."). Once everyone else saw that there were no consequences for her defection, they decided they could do whatever the fuck they wanted to.Erik has never forgiven her, and so yes, he growls."Bad dog!" Cha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Animal Transformation
Kidfic
Kink Meme
Totally Reliable Narrator
Fix-It
Canon Disabled Character
Dobermans

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

