Chapter 1: The Argument
    




Chapter Text
2012Nick Fury strode into the lab. ‘What are you doing, Mr. Stark?’
‘Uhhh, kind of been wondering the same thing about you,’ Tony responded glibly.
‘You’re supposed to be locating the Tesseract,’ Fury said.
‘We are,’ Bruce said. ‘The model’s locked and we’re searching for the signature now. When we hit,’ he pointed, ‘we’ll have the location within half a mile.’
Fury turned around.
Tony smiled. He’d been dealing with people like Fury, officially, since he was 21. But, even as a child, his father would take him on “excursions” At the end of the day, though, those trips were designed to teach Tony how to deal with assholes who thought they owned the world. And, let’s just say, Fury wasn’t aware he had an audience.
When he’d returned to Afghanistan, Tony had wanted to shut down weapons production. But, on the way home, his genius had gone into overdrive. He’d realised what would happen, and all the complications it would cause. So, instead, he notified the relevant parties and temporarily halted weapons production until Stane and his cronies were all weeded out.
When Fury showed up, suddenly all those “relevant authorities” had opened up their books to Tony about this shady-as-fuck organisation. They didn’t know much, because S.H.I.E.L.D. was so secretive. What they did know was that any “assets” they had that S.H.I.E.L.D. found out about were either appropriate by the latter, or died or disappeared under mysterious circumstances – always after S.H.I.E.L.D. found out about said assets.
There were about a dozen contingency plans in case Tony became one of those “assets”, but he was also a foot in the door. They’d already gotten the information Tony had learned during the palladium issue – of which he was still taking treatments to ensure all of the palladium was flushed out of his system. And now JARVIS was routing all the data he was getting to the other intelligence systems.
As well as sending a live feed to a conference room occupied by the heads of the CIA, the FBI, some reps from Interpol, and several generals from each branch of the military.
No one was happy having a civilian do this, but he was the one they wanted.
‘We’ll get your cube back. No muss, no fuss.’ Tony looked over as his monitor beeped. He read the data. ‘What is Phase 2?’
There was a bang on a desk and Tony looked over. Cap had returned to the lab. He had a very advanced piece of weaponry (that looked vaguely familiar) that he had just slammed on the workbench nearest to him. ‘Phase 2 is S.H.I.E.L.D. uses the cube to make weapons. Sorry. Computer was moving a little slow for me.’
Tony noted that it didn’t seem appropriate for Captain America, of all people, to be against building weapons. In his earpiece, he heard murmuring to the effect that he wasn’t the only one that thought that. He also heard some of the generals murmuring about how he would have had to go into restricted areas to get that. One general, Tony heard, ordered his aide to go and get Rogers’ service record.
‘Rogers.’ Fury walked over and tried to placate him. ‘We gathered everything related to the Tesseract. This does not mean that—’
Tony cut him off as he pulled the file up. ‘I’m sorry, Nick.’
Fury and Rogers both turned.
Tony turned the screen around. ‘What were you lying?’
Rogers gave Fury a disapproving look that would’ve looked more in place directed at a child. ‘I was wrong, Director. The world hasn’t changed a bit.’
At that moment, Thor and Natasha walked in.
‘Did you know about this?’ Bruce asked Natasha as he walked over to look at the file.
Natasha, of course, ignored the question. ‘You wanna think about removing yourself from this environment, doctor?’
Bruce gave a bitter laugh. ‘When I was in Calcutta, I was pretty well removed.’
‘Loki is manipulating you.’ Natasha took a few steps in his direction.
‘And you’ve been doing what exactly?’ Bruce fired back. Maybe he wouldn’t need to see the file on Black Widows, but Tony was of a mind to show him anyway.
‘You didn’t come here because I batted my eyelashes at you,’ Natasha said.
‘Yes, and I’m not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy.’ Bruce grabbed the screen and angled it. ‘I’d like to know why S.H.I.E.L.D. is using the Tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction.’
There was a tense silence in the room.
‘Because of him.’ Fury pointed to Thor.
Thor, for his part, looked understandably stunned. ‘Me?’
‘Last year Earth had a visitor from another planet who had a grunge match that levelled a small town,’ Fury said. ‘We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly, hilariously outgunned.’
Even as he heard the obvious being suggested on the other end of his earpiece, as well as a crack about S.H.I.E.L.D.’s policy with the enhanced, Tony turned equations and designs over in his head. Obviously the first thing to do was put up some satellites facing away from the Earth: early warning system.
‘My people want nothing but peace with your planet,’ Tho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Team Tony
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Moderated

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Original Character(s)

