Work Text:
It was supposed to be a nice evening with the team, with friends. But of course, Tony Stark had to open his huge mouth, as always. They were enjoying a few drinks and their main meals, when he had brought up the topic of Steve's past. Or more so about his past bedroom experience which remained at an all time low. Steve was halfway through chewing on chicken when he started choking on it, having to have Clint whack him on the back. Loki and Bucky of course were the ones to laugh hysterically at the other end of the table. Steve was fuming by then, embarrassed even. Everyone else around the table had some experience, even Thor and Loki admitted to some. Loki was a dead giveaway though. He was after all having secret liaisons with Bucky, thinking no one knew about him and the super soldier. But they did, the walls were pretty paper thin at Stark Tower. Natasha tried to stop the pair from laughing and Clint started scolding Tony.
Bruce on the other hand remained quiet and reserved as usual, giving Steve a sympathetic look. Thor simply slapped Steve roughly on the shoulder and gave it a squeeze. The blonde was near imploding on himself when Tony proceeded to go on about it. If they weren't in a public place he would have punched the billionaire. He had thought about doing it when they got back to Stark Tower, maybe he'd challenge him to a sparring match, beat him to a pulp then. But Steve was never one for violence, at least not against team mates, that was a harsh thing. The thing that hurt the most was seeing his best friend Bucky laughing about it, he did think the brunette always had his back. But it was typical for Loki and Bucky to connect on that level, to be a bit immature and mean spirited. They were ordering desserts when Steve excused himself, making a trip to the bathroom, before deciding to hang around outside waiting for everyone to finish. He didn't exactly want to be there anymore.
Steve had always hated the topic, he was always cringing around it. He'd only had three kisses in his life...Peggy back in the day, which was unexpected, Natasha when they were hiding from Rumlow, which was also unexpected, and finally Bucky during a game of truth or dare with the others a few months ago, also unexpected. All of them were unexpected really, the strangest was Bucky's because that's what made Steve want to try both men and women. Oddly enough he had now settled on men but wasn't looking...apparently. That's why he had no experience, he held himself back, kept himself reserved. Even when he stood outside he could still hear Tony bragging about how many times he'd been in bed with women, and some men. It strangely made jealousy rip through Steve, it bothered him. No one would have really known he was slightly keen on Tony, except for Natasha, she always damn well knew.

"You need to approach him Steve, see if he's interested, I'm sure he is,"

Natasha's words swam in his head, repeating itself time and time again. The blonde knew he had to at least try. But he couldn't when he was so angry with Tony. He couldn't muster up the confidence. He may be Captain America, but he was still shy as hell.
Hours later the others had finally gotten home. Steve left early and spent some time down in the training room throwing punches at a punching bag. Of course because of all his anger towards Tony, he sent it flying across the room and burst the seam. He could hear laughter up above and sighed as he took the wraps off his hands and packed them away. All he wanted to do was grab some water and then retreat to his room to do some drawing. Steve didn't want to talk to anyone, especially not to Tony because he would most likely punch him.
"Anyone know where Cap is?" Tony asked.

The blonde rolled his eyes as he walked down the hallway to the elevator. He stepped inside and pressed the button for the floor above, tapping his fingers on his arms when he crossed them over his chest. As the elevator stopped he could hear more laughing, and Tony's loud voice as usual.

"He's probably in his room doing research on everything sexual so he knows what to do when the time comes," the brunette spoke.
Steve's eyes widened, jaw dropping as he gawked at Tony. Only Natasha noticed him and she went a little pale, her lips pulled into a thin line. When everyone else fell silent, Tony turned around, his stupid smirk still on his face.
"Hey Cap," he chimed.
The blonde scowled, jaw clenching.
"Well, I am rather tired, I'll be off to bed, Bucky, come darling," Loki mused.
"Oh I'll definitely come," Bucky teased, with a purr.
"Bucky!" Loki yelled, chuckling slightly as headed for the elevator.
"I'm following those guys," Clint mused, making a quick exit.
"Same, Thor, Bruce you with us?" Natasha asked.
The god and Bruce nodded, passing by Tony and Steve, who had veins of anger showing on his neck. When the room fell silent, Steve looked away from Tony, his hands clenched into fists.
"You alright Cap? You look a little tense," Tony issu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

freeform: 
Arguing
Angry Steve
Tony Being Tony
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Angry Sex
Blow Jobs
Dirty Talk
Rough Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Deepthroating
Wall Sex
Floor Sex
Verbal Tony
Hair-pulling
Biting
Spanking
date proposal
Teasing
Steve Shows Tony How Good He Can Be
Bucky And Loki Know What They Got Up To

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

