Chapter 1: Through The Early Years
    




Chapter Text
Age 4-Darcy squealed as she ran into the Malibu house’s living room looking for her dad. Her brunette curls bounced as she stopped by the couch and looked around. She pouted when she saw that he wasn’t there. He’d said he’d wait for her in the living room so they could play together. Daddy had been really busy lately, and Mommy- wait no Pepper, Daddy always scolded her for calling Pepper Mommy- was out at the office for the rest of the day. This lead to her current predicament, her missing father.“Jarfis, where’s Daddy?” She said her lip quivering, big fat tears threatening to fall from her baby blue eyes.“Miss Stark, Sir left approximately seven minutes ago after receiving a call from Miss Potts to come to the office. Do you wish for me to call him on his cellphone to tell him you are looking for him?” The disembodied AI answered her in as soothing a voice he could. The young three your-old couldn’t believe she’d been left behind. Daddy had promised he’d cleared his entire day, so they could spend the day together.“It’s fine Jarfis. I’ll just go play in my room and wait for Daddy to get back.” The little brunette walked slowly back to her room, tears dropping from her eyes as she lowered her head so Jarvis’s cameras couldn’t see.“Miss Stark?” Darcy turned back around and looked up at the ceiling to listen to Jarvis. “If it isn’t too much of a hassle, would you like to have lunch with me? We could eat something and then wait for Sir to get back?”“But, Jarfis you don’t eat food.”“No Miss Stark I do not. But I could offer lunch conversation.”“Ok Jarfis.” Darcy walked towards the kitchen and Jarvis turned the lights on and Darcy grabbed one of the apples juice boxes, and one of Daddy’s bots came out of a cabinet, directed by Jarvis, and started making her a grilled cheese. Darcy climbed up one of the chairs at the breakfast nook and sat down watching as the bot flipped the grilled cheese. Jarvis turned on some soft classical music in the background as they waited for the grilled cheese to finish. It did this quickly as the bot put the sandwich on a plate and brought it to Darcy.“Thank you.” She murmured quietly as the bot went back to the cabinet. Darcy and Jarvis chatted quietly as she ate. Once she was finished she walked to the sink and pulled a stool. She turned the water on and began washing her plate. When this was finished, she placed left the plate in the sink and walked towards the living room again.“Jarfis… thank you for lunch.” Darcy said quietly as she sat down on the carpet.“You’re welcome Miss Stark. I believe that Sir is heading back here. Would like me to I could ask him if he would to take you to the zoo?” Darcy shook her head as she got up from the carpet.“No thank you Jarfis, I’ll just go play in my room. Tell me when it’s dinner time okay?” Darcy walked towards her room. Age 10-Darcy grunted as she pushed the engine into the correct place. She wiped the back of her hand against her forehead, streaking oil from the engine onto her face as she did.Darcy stepped back and surveyed her work. She spent weeks working on the helper robot, and while it wasn’t the prettiest, most sophisticated thing in the world, she was proud of it. She’d affectionately named it DUM-E over the long weeks. Darcy grinned as she walked to the tool table and deposited her tools neatly in their cases. She couldn’t wait to show her Dad and Pepper. Maybe if they were impressed by her efforts on DUM-E, they would pay more attention to her, and her Dad would invite her to work on some of his projects with him.Darcy eagerly ran upstairs to where Pepper and her dad were doing some work. Maybe if she caught them before they left for the office, they’d go look at her work. Darcy doubled her speed as she came upon the stairs. She thought she heard voices come from the office.“Mr. Stark, what are your plans for the future?” Darcy heard an unknown voice ask when she came around the corner near the office.Darcy heard her dad laugh before he said “I plan on making Stark Industries the best in advanced weaponry.” Her father’s rueful tone brought a laugh from the other person.“So, no plans for settling down to have a family any time soon?” Darcy figured that the voice belonged to an interviewer. She waited for her father to answer. To tell the interviewer that he already had a daughter, and she was here. But instead her father laughed, and she heard the clinking of ice as he took a drink of something, probably whiskey knowing her father, before he replied.“Oh no. Far too busy to be tied down with something like that. Not ready for a tiny Stark to be running around breaking things. Kids just ruin everything. So no, no, no. I’m not getting the old ball and chain, you know?” The interviewer laughed slightly at her dad’s answer and asked another question about Stark Industries, but Darcy didn’t hear it. She was in shock at what her father had said. How could he say that? Is this why h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis-centric
WinterShock - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe- TIme Line Mix Up
Darcy Runs Away
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Hacker Darcy Lewis
Engineer Darcy Lewis
Genius Darcy Lewis
Tony Stark was a Bad Dad But He's Trying to Fix It
Darcy Lewis Needs a Hug
Jarvis is a psuedo-dad to Darcy
Runaway Darcy Lewis
Coulson Tries To Be A Father To Darcy
Big Brother Clint Barton
Protective Jane Foster
Protective Thor
Clint has Horrible Safe Houses
Natasha Knows Things
Darcy Didn't Do Emotions As a Troubled Youngster

fandom: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Darcy Lewis

