Work Text:

it's all in the timing and misdirection

The thing about Peter Parker is that unless you explicitly ask him, he'd never tell you a thing. It's not that he was a secretive person per se, though he'd concede that he had a lot of secrets (read: Spider-man). It's just Peter didn't have the habit of sharing information randomly.He just didn’t know how to insert the information into the conversation.He preferred being lowkey; just another kid on the block. In Peter's mind, he wasn't anyone particularly interesting, just plain, old Peter Parker.This backfired.Spectacularly.Case in point, his internet fame and growing instagram account, his very flashy part-time job as Spider-man, his even flashier internship, and finally, and probably most telling, the press conference he was currently leading.One thing you should know about Peter Parker is that he knew how to deflect the conversation, changing topics like a pro.He was practically a master at it.Deflection was his forte, as such, one of the first things people found at about him, via his internship, was that he was a god at PR.The New Avengers had had another mission yesterday. Normally, they'd have a mission debrief and a press conference for the major battles to update the public. This particular mission was one of the deadlier ones, injuring most of the heroes and leaving the rest too busy with mission reports to handle the scheduled press conference.Enter: Peter Parker.Peter had had big exams lined up back-to-back nearly every day for the past week. As such, he had opted out of the mission, choosing to study and then, later, go on patrol. Essentially, holding down the fort.This particular mission was the eradication of the final HYDRA base. If this one went well, they'd be able to completely eradicate HYDRA, or at least, suppress them for the foreseeable future. As such, most of the New Avengers went on the mission to make sure of its success.It went surprisingly well until the HYDRA operatives made a last-ditch effort and threw out multiple bombs. It didn't kill anyone but there were some that went off prematurely in the air, causing some to receive some second-degree burns from the distance.So here he was, bouncing on the balls of his feet from the nerves. The other Avengers were recuperating from the mission while the rest who didn't have too many bruises went to deal with the filing of the mission reports and arrests and whatnot. Honestly, Peter wasn't really too worried, he had sent his spiders army to watch over them.What he was nervous about was this blasted press conference. And this itchy suit. And tie. And the amount of people. And the exam he had tomorrow. And a lot of things that just decided to appear in his brain on the very moment he stepped up to the podium, damn his idiotic genius brain.Taking a deep breath, Peter calmed himself down and started to talk."Good morning, for those of you who aren't aware, my name is Peter Parker and I will be the acting representative for the Avengers today. Before I turn to today's meeting, I'd like to talk about our most recent recruits into the New Avengers Initiative. Recently, we have reinstated Mr. Sam Wilson and Mr. Scott Lang, otherwise known as the Falcon and Ant-man respectively, into our fold. In the coming month, we would also be welcoming some well-known vigilantes into the initiative. This would include Deadpool, Daredevil and Venom, among others. We will also be welcoming other international heroes which will be based in other NAI bases. This includes the wizards of Kamar Taj and Japanese superhero team, Big Hero 6, in our East Asia division."Pausing after releasing the massive influx of new information, Peter waited for a few seconds to give the reporters time to take note. This would be very important information for the future.Continuing to the main topic, he said, "Now, to the main topic of the morning. As per the norm when I’m handling the press conference, I'll be keeping this short and sweet; if you have any questions, please save them for later. Thank you." Flicking his hand, Peter presented the recent stats and results of the mission using a hologram. "The Avengers' most recent mission was located here," gesturing a point of the hologram displaying a map beside him, Peter continued, "It was to capture the last and one of the bigger HYDRA bases in the country. After this mission, HYDRA as a whole would be completely eradicated and if not, severely suppressed for the foreseeable future. The superheroes mainly comprised of the X-Men, Iron Man, Ant-Man, Wasp, Falcon, War Machine, and the Fantastic Four. Though some had received injuries with second degree burns at worst, there were thankfully no casualties on either side. All HYDRA acting operatives have been properly arrested and will be interrogated in the next few days. There has been little to no damage to properties outside of the HYDRA base, as well as zero counts of injuries among civilians. This concludes my report, are ther
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Sam Wilson & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Genius Peter Parker
Peter has hidden talents
Peter can do Pr
Identity Reveal
or is it???
Athlete Peter Parker
there's a bit of
School Shootings
but it's not too graphic
Still
please beware!!
BAMF Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker is a Mess
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Pool & Billiards
if there's no angst
is that fluff?
is this fluff??
i'll add it in anyway
Fluff
Winner Peter Parker
Bucky is there for like one second
Peter and Sam have chaotic sibling energy
and you will never convince me otherwise

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Sam Wilson & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Peter Parker

