Work Text:

There was not a sound in Professor Loki Laufeyson’s office when you entered. 

He had asked you to meet him after class. It was about your grades, he said. They were slipping, he said. You weren’t doing well, he said. You two had to talk, he said. So, you came. You stood in his office, watching him carefully.

You were a good student, but recently, your grades had not reflected that. You were distracted in class, you were falling behind, and he said he was concerned.

He should be concerned. It was his fault.

Professor Laufeyson was far too distracting for you. He was too attractive, too charming, too charismatic for you to properly pay attention. You tried, truly you did, but there was little you could do when he would wear those clean cut suits, tight dress shirts, and sharp formal shoes that clicked when he paced the room - something you noticed he did often. Fourteen steps to the right. Sixteen steps to the left. 

You wondered if he liked even numbers. You wondered it as you stood in his office. Because it took eight failed tests, two failed quizzes, and four failed papers for him to finally bring you to his office - room 244 in building 12. 

The two of you. Alone. In his office. Quiet.

There was not a single odd number in this equation.

“Please, close the door,” Professor Laufeyson said, flipping a page over on his desk. His eyes did not meet yours yet, but his brows were scrunched together as he focused on the work in front of him. 

“Yes, Professor Laufeyson,” you said softly, turning and closing the door. You turned back to Professor Laufeyson and he waved you over to his desk. You approached him, standing politely in front of his desk. The only sound was the scratching of Professor Laufeyson’s pen on the papers in front of him. He remained silent for a few moments, before writing a large red 88 on the top of the paper, circling it twice.

Two circles. A grade of 88. Even.

“Your grades are slipping,” he said. Again. He sighed and finally looked up at you. His eyes were hard, as they always were, but you could see the genuine care for your scores in them. “I’m concerned.”

“I’m sorry, Professor Laufeyson,” you answered, frowning.

He waved a lazy hand. “Call me Loki. Professor Laufeyson is so...long.” You giggled and he raised a brow. “What’s so funny?”

“Your name is Loki. Four letters. I’m noticing a trend here,” you laughed lightly with a shrug. “You like even numbers, don’t you?” 

Loki’s lips quirked up into a grin before he cleared his throat. He reached into his computer bag and pulled out a grade book. Pristine, despite it being so filled. He opened it up and let his long index finger slide down the page until it rested just below your name. 

“I do like even numbers, which is why it is so disappointing that you are averaging a 53 in my class. Sincerely, I do not know how that is possible when you were at a 96 at the beginning of the year,” Loki sighed and closed the book, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I’m disappointed in you.”

You looked down, ashamed and embarrassed, his words leaving a harsh sting. You folded your hands and bowed your head. “I’m sorry, Professor Laufeyson.”

“I told you to call me Loki.”

“I’m sorry, Loki.”

Loki traced his finger across his lower lip. “Good girl.”

You shivered. You tried not to let it show how much those two simple words had just affected you. You almost felt yourself smirk. Good girl - two words. Apparently though, your efforts to conceal how badly his words affected you were futile, because Loki did, in fact, notice. He very much noticed.

“You’re shivering,” he whispered, his finger moving down to brush his chin. 

“I’m cold,” you lied.

“No, you’re not,” he corrected you. “I think you like what I just called you. A good girl.”

You shivered again. Dammit. 

“Mmm, I think my theory is correct,” Loki chuckled. He stood from his seat and began rolling up his sleeves to his elbows as he walked around to the front of his desk. You kept your eyes low, your body still trembling slightly. You were not afraid. You were not scared. You were excited, almost happy that he discovered your little secret as to how much you enjoyed being called a good girl. When Loki stopped in front of you, he tilted his head and lifted a dark brow. “Look at me.”

You did. “Yes, Loki?”

“Good girl,” he purred. You bit the inside of your lip, trying to hold in a weakened whimper. His finger caught under your chin and lifted your face so your eyes met his. They were dark, his pupils blown wide. His voice was quiet, sensual when he spoke. “Good girls don’t receive failing marks. Isn’t that true?”

“Yes, Loki,” you said softly, nodding with his finger still under your chin.

“And you want to be a good girl, don’t you?” Loki asked, his face almost sympathetic, almost kind. But when you looked closer, you could see something in him. Something mischievous, perhaps even a little dark. It made you curious, excited, and most of all, wet. Loki had always been fascinating
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
loki (marvel) & you
Loki (Marvel) & Reader

freeform: 
Smut
Shameless Smut
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Office Sex
Desk Sex
Chair Sex
Riding
Face-Fucking
Blow Jobs
Hair-pulling
Vaginal Fingering
Fingerfucking
Finger Sucking
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Praise Kink
Dom/sub
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Professors
Alternate Universe - Professors
Professor Loki (Marvel)
POV Second Person
no y/n

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You
loki (marvel) & you
Loki (Marvel) & Reader

