Chapter 1: chapter 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
They’re kissing now, but this isn’t the first time.The first time was last week. It was after a long day of…well, what they seemed to be doing every day. Work. But it felt different. More romantic, Loki dimly acknowledges. They had worked together, Mobius dragging his chair into Loki’s cubicle so they could talk and laugh as they did so. Then they’d spent a few quiet hours in the TVA library, reading next to each other, breaking the peace only a few times to relay any important information they had learned, but otherwise content to sit silently in each other’s presence. They’d had lunch in the cafeteria at a table with two chairs and a pale mushroom-shaped lamp, and the harsh lighting didn’t exactly add to the mood, but it didn’t retract from it, either.It wasn’t a date. None of the things they did together was a date.That doesn’t mean it didn’t feel like one.By the end of the day, Loki had to be dropped off in that gods-forsaken cell that the TVA made him sleep in - wasn’t my call, Loki, you are a variant, after all - and Mobius offered to walk him there. Loki agreed.The pair lingered outside of it, though, and they chatted for a few more minutes - about the case, about the non-existent weather, about jet skis, whatever it took to bide more time. Now more than ever, Loki felt like a teenager being dropped off at home after a first date, swinging his arms and bouncing on the balls of his feet and dawdling at the door like he’s ignoring a curfew. Not that Loki had ever been taken on a date, in his teenaged years or otherwise. That isn’t happening anyway, though, he reminded himself. We just work together. It’s normal that we’d feel close to each other. He couldn’t help but notice Mobius’s soft eyes and gentle smile, however, and wonder if he was the only one reading into things.Why was Loki so nervous? He’s a god, for goodness sake.He decided to joke about it, carefully, cautiously, when a lull in the conversation arose.“It’s getting late,” he began, looking at his watch. “Lovely date today. Are you going to kiss me goodnight?” He smiled easily, waiting for Mobius’s quip back. Instead, Mobius paused, met Loki’s eyes, and said this: “Do you want me to?” Loki laughed, because that was the obvious response, and Mobius was probably joking, anyway. That’s what they do; they joke. Mobius didn’t laugh. He just stood there expectantly. Loki coughed, looked again at his watch.Mobius put his hands in his pockets, rocked back and forth on his feet. “Uh,” Loki said. Mobius raised his eyebrows: Well?“Sure,” Loki said then, because yes would sound too much like a confession and no would have been a lie. “Okay,” Mobius responded, and he took a hand from his pocket and put it on Loki’s chin. They met in the middle, and it was very chaste, Loki thought. First-date appropriate, perhaps. Mobius’s lips were soft and polite. He pulled back after just a few moments - Loki craned his neck to follow him, but it was no use. Mobius stared at Loki’s face for an extra second or two, though, thoughtful. “Goodnight, Loki.”Loki opened his mouth to speak before closing it again. Mobius shut the door and Loki spent another cold night on the metal cell bed.~They didn’t talk about it the next day, or the day after that, or the day after that - in fact, they didn’t speak a word about it until one week later. It was Mobius who brought it up, because of course it was. (Loki was a little lost, to be honest. He wasn’t used to this. He was used to sex, but not the nerves, the unspoken questions. His past relationships had all been simple, and Loki had always been the pursued, not the pursuer. It was easier that way, operating without the fear of refusal.)“Hey,” Mobius had said, softly over their lunch trays. “How are you?” Loki faltered, confused at the sudden conversation shift - they had been discussing the nature of Nexus events, after all - and answered simply: “I’m fine. Of course. Why do you ask?” “I’m just wondering,” Mobius said, pushing food around with his fork. “Because we haven’t really talked about—”“Ah,” Loki interrupted quickly. “I’m sorry about that. I don’t know what came over me. I’m not sure why I even...asked. We don’t actually have to talk about it if—”“Don’t apologize. You asked, I obliged. Now, I’m asking you.” Loki blinked, wondering if this was real. Mobius cleared his throat. “Do you want to come back to my room tonight?” “Do I—“ the words caught in Loki’s throat. “Figured you might be getting tired of the cell.”Loki stirred in his chair. “Is that even…allowed?” “No.” Mobius smiled. “But you are the god of mischief, so I didn’t anticipate that would be a problem.” Loki subconsciously bit his thumbnail as he kept eye contact with Mobius, considering his options. “You don’t have to if you don’t want to,” Mobius continued. “And if you want to come over, we don’t have to—well, we could just talk. Hang out.” “Y—sure
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius

freeform: 
Porn with Feelings
Workplace Relationship
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Sex
Dorks in Love
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
First Time
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Top Mobius
Consent is Sexy
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Fluff and Smut
First Kiss
Amnesia
post Season 1 finale
First Time Bottoming
post episode 6
Flashbacks
Sad and Happy
but mostly sad
lots of flashback shenanigans

fandom: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius

