Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was the second day of the summer holidays, and Loki and his supervisor Carol were taking advantage of the absence of students to give the school and its grounds a really thorough cleaning. They did their best to keep on top of things during the term, but it had to be faced: a hundred children were more than a match for two custodians, even if one was frequently referred to as the God of Mischief. (Loki was, strictly speaking, not actually a god at all, but he did not object to the nickname.)Indeed, it also had to be admitted that Loki's personal proclivities did not make him naturally suited to the position in the first place. He had taken it shortly after his arrival in Bristol, when he was in no position to be picky and saw the wisdom of following his housemates' injunctions to maintain a low profile. While admittedly not the most methodical creature in the Nine Realms, and also not generally much opposed to making a mess, Loki found his interactions with the children enjoyable enough to make the job worth keeping. When local supernatural activity became threatening some months back, he had appointed himself guardian of the school and its inmates and so was bound to stay.Because of this, and because he liked his supervisor, an older mortal lady who called him "pet," Loki did his best to fulfill his duties to an acceptable standard, with minimal use of magic for fear of calling attention to himself. But truly, by the end of term he sometimes found himself so rushed that, for instance, rather than scrubbing graffiti off the stalls in the boys' lavatory, he sometimes resorted to casting a quick spell to replace any obscenities with the limericks of Edward Lear, or an adjuration to consume adequate daily portions of vegetables, while he went on to something more pressing.By this time of year a thorough turning-out was definitely in order. The day being sunny and warm, Loki volunteered to work outside for the morning while Carol ran the polishing machine up and down the corridors. He spent some time raking up little bits of detritus-- the remains of squashed food wrappers and the like-- from the playground. He checked to ensure the ants relocated from their old abode near the steps were still safely residing on the far side of the fence, and had a brief chat with a couple of scouting worker ants to remind them of the wisdom of remaining at a distance from humans with poison.And then he settled down to weeding the flower beds at the front of the school, and incidentally planting certain herbs known for their protective magical qualities. There were already enchantments guarding the property from evil supernatural forces, but Loki believed in playing it safe.And, of course, when he settled down to a quiet task like that, he found himself once more troubled by the story he had read the night before, just before going to sleep.Loki frequently ended his day by reading from a book intended for children: the librarian employed at the school had very kindly extended him borrowing privileges, after he presented himself as the offspring of "hippies" who believed in neither fiction nor television, which conveniently explained the numerous gaps in his knowledge of Midgardian popular culture. (After his disappearance earlier in the spring, to assist some of the Avengers with a problem involving a figure from British mythology, most of the inhabitants of the school were aware his history was perhaps a little more complicated than he had given out. Being English, however, they politely allowed his original cover to stand.)By now he was entranced with the stories, had read his way through a variety of delightful and intermittently upsetting tales (he was extremely wary of any book containing animals, particularly dogs, although the one with the literate spider was the most beautiful and therefore worst of the lot.) It had only recently occurred to him, remembering a conversation with Tony Stark about Norse mythology, that perhaps he would like to find out exactly what stories the primitive mortals had told about his family all those years ago.There was an appropriate book of myths in the reference area, and Loki had taken it home just before the end of term. Parts of it were enlightening: for instance, he now knew the details behind the story that had amused Stark so much, the one that claimed Loki was the mother of his father's eight-legged horse, Sleipnir. (Of course! He had been a horse himself at the time! Now it all made sense!) Loki being in truth a shapeshifter, that story was a great deal more plausible than most of them, particularly the one in which Thor, for reasons that made no sense to Loki even when he was reading it, had disguised himself as a bride. This tale reduced his entire household to tears of laughter; in fact it was all Loki could do to restrain himself from telephoning Jane Foster on the spot to read the whole thing to her. Had his brother possessed a communication device
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Crossover
Action/Adventure
Family
Friendship
Redemption
Forgiveness
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Character Interpretation
Brother Feels
Community: norsekink

fandom: 
None
