Chapter 1



Notes:
New Year, new fandom, everybody! I'm playing this for both tears and giggles, so please prepare your heart for both. 5/24/16 EDIT: Also, I made a Spotify playlist for this fic. Oh, and tags have been updated! Those warnings are for everything that shows up in the story, even if it hasn't been posted yet, so that you can make an informed decision about whether or not this is really something that you want to read right now. If you have any questions or think that I should tag something else, please don't hesitate to let me know!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 The longer he is out of cryostasis, the more confusing things appear to be. It was never confusing before the man on the bridge started calling the asset strange names, before he failed his mission and started malfunctioning. And he is malfunctioning now, he must be. His head hurts and there is a tight, painful feeling in his throat and abdomen despite him being uninjured. The metal arm, which is normally silent, is beginning to make clicking, whirring noises when the asset moves, alerting him to some mechanical malfunction.He needs to go in for maintenance and debriefing, but he does not know where the extraction point was supposed to be. The drop site and laboratory where he woke up this time were empty when he made his way back to the bunker in Arlington. The room with his cryo-tank had been blown out and the rest of the equipment stripped. His radio and tracker were damaged when he jumped off the helicarrier into the Potomac, so he cannot call for his own extraction. He does not know how to access the Hydra communications network any other way.Normally, his commander —(his handler, his superior officer, the battle captain in charge of the mission; they keep changing the word for it every time he wakes up, but he likes ‘captain’ best)— would take care of this. His commander is supposed to make sure that they return to Hydra according to the time table. The handler can do basic maintenance and keep the asset combat ready for up to two weeks. A superior officer can give him orders to obey and missions to carry out. The captain makes everything simple and clear.Which is why the asset ends up at the Smithsonian. There was a poster with a picture of the man on the bridge on it beneath a promise of answers.He is standing in front of a picture of a small man who looks like the man on the bridge but is not the man on the bridge. This man is frail and familiar in a hazy, indistinct sort of way. The asset stands in front of this picture for thirty-seven minutes, memorizing the angle of his bony shoulders and the defiant, proud way his chin is lifted in the photograph. This man makes him think of things that the asset has no reason to know, like the smooth feel of chalk smudged on his wrists when slender fingers pull him back —
(from what?)
— the smell of buttered popcorn and the salty tang of the Lower Bay off the south pier —
(was there a mission set in Coney Island? When was he there?)
— the gasping sound a man makes when he is dying of asphyxiation. That is the only memory he does not question.He moves on to another part of the exhibit. There is a wall of photographs of a man who looks like the asset. He pauses, brows furrowing in confusion. No, it is not a man who looks like him. He does not know how he knows this but he knows that those are pictures of himself, which means that he is not looking at a man at all. It is a weapon, an asset, smiling charmingly out of the frames. The text beside the display name the asset as ‘Sgt. James Buchanan Barnes.’ It says that he went by ‘Bucky’ —
(“Bucky?”)

(“Who the hell is 'Bucky?'”)
— and that he served under someone named Captain America.His last target. The man on the bridge —
(“But I knew him.”)
Of course. Things are clicking into place finally, and the smoke is clearing. He knew that the last mission had been a captain, but had not been able to place its importance before now. The asset relaxes, his features smoothing back out. Of course. In the ‘40s, Hydra was still calling them battle captains. They were not called handlers until the ‘60s and the ‘70s. The captain is making things simple again. The Howling Commandos had been an elite team, according to the exhibit. He has worked in teams many times. The text beside the display says that he was Captain America’s sniper. One of his assets. His weapon.The man on the bridge was his handler before the current commander. That was why it was so difficult to eliminate him.He goes back to the wall dedicated to Sgt. Barnes.The asset in the pictures looks. . . He does not know the word for it. The asset is smiling in these, and he does not remember smiling before. He is different in the older pictures, and in one, he spots the small man with him. Was this his handler before Captain America?He leans in and checks the number next to the photograph with the text below. It tells him that the small
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Compliant
Agent Carter (TV) Compliant
Comic References
Hydra (Marvel)
Unreliable Narrator
Implied/Referenced Brainwashing
Memory Loss
Flashbacks
Misunderstandings
Mistaken Identity
Past Torture
Past Abuse
Red Room Feels
Explicit Language
Military Jargon
Hurt/Comfort
Accidental Torture
Accidental Stimulation
Dirty Thoughts
Objectification
Gun Kink
Touch-Starved
Internalized Homophobia
Communication Failure
Consent Issues
Extremely Dubious Consent
Explicit Sexual Content
Ambiguous/Open Ending
This isn't abandoned you faithless cowards
quit telling people I'm dead
I TOLD Y'ALL I WOULD FINISH IT

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

