Chapter 1: For a Man Out of Time
    




Chapter Text
Steve was always a very focused person, back in the forties. He could pay attention to little details for hours; he was an artist, and he observed the smallest, most insignificant details, only to draw them out later. It was good, that way of thinking, of observing--slow and gentle and all-consuming.
Unfortunately, these days, he couldn't really think like that anymore. The world had changed around him, faster than he could even comprehend--it had been almost eighty years at this point, and there was so much to learn and see and observe that he figured even if he had eighty thousand hands he could never get it all down on paper.

To prevent him from having some kind of future-related freak out, S.H.I.E.L.D. had pretty much confined him to the base. That was okay with Steve; the sparse architectural design wasn't like anything he had ever drawn before, but it was plenty of new material, in a very boxy, angular sort of way.

So at least he had something to do, aside from sit in his room and listen to old Ella Fitzgerald records, (which Agent Coulson had helpfully supplied; Steve quite liked him. The man was a huge jazz buff, and even though it did perturb him slightly that it was now filed under "classical," he ignored that in favor of hours-long conversations with the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent and unduly-elected superhero nanny about the merits of Louis Armstrong.)
The thing was, the other Avengers were beginning to, well...assemble. Steve was never a very outgoing man in the first place--Bucky had been his only true friend he had known before the war, and that had been enough for him--but as he met these Avengers, he realized that the people had changed just as much as the world had.
Clint and Natasha had been the first two Avengers he had met. They were S.H.I.E.L.D. operatives, after all; they were in the building more often. Clint had offered to play cards with him, and Steve had happily accepted, memories of midnight games of War with the Commandos flooding his thoughts.
Card games with Clint and Natasha were a little...different, of course, but card games themselves didn't really change. Steve still lost more hands than he won, but he didn't begrudge Natasha and her glorious poker face for any of this. (Honestly, sometimes Steve wondered if all the science fiction novels were right, and she was part android in some way.)
He liked Clint; brash, loud, brave Clint, who loved the Avengers so fully and completely that Steve recognized almost immediately that this group had become Clint's life. He respected a man that dedicated to his cause, and he didn't hesitate to tell Clint so. Clint had just stared at him for a minute before laughing and shaking his head.
"Cap, you gotta know something; to be told you're a good man by Captain America is like having Santa show up to your house to personally inform you you're on the nice list for life. That...means a lot." He confessed, and there was no trace of his normal snappish wit in the last sentence--he meant what he said, and Steve just grinned, glad that he was working with someone like Clint. He was simple, and honest, and clever; to a degree, he reminded him of Bucky. They had the same swagger in their step.
Natasha was a bit harder to figure out. He had never been very good with women anyway, but she seemed to regard his politeness as a shock. This annoyed him; if a man wasn't pulling out a chair and opening doors for a lady, there was a problem. He would have to talk to Fury about how he trained the agents.

Still, he was always polite as he could be, even though she was one of the prettiest women he had ever met in his life, and it made it incredibly awkward to talk to her, sometimes--the only pretty woman he had ever talked to in his life, (aside from his mother, of course!), was Peggy, and...well...
Actually, it took her a bit longer than Clint, but she warmed up to him. Steve noticed her laughing more around him, and smiling when he cracked a joke. (He still didn't entirely understand modern humor, but Clint informed him that was "part of his charm" and that he should keep doing what he was doing. He was just going to listen to Clint on this one.)
Natasha was strange, but Steve liked her, and respected her as an ally and powerful soldier in her own right. She had overpowered Clint easily in one of their training sessions, and Steve hadn't even bothered volunteering to spar against her; he knew he would pull all his punches, and she would decimate him, completely and utterly.
But that was all right, because he figured she knew, from the teasing grins she would send his way when they trained, and how he instinctively reached out to help her whenever Clint got a shot in.
Natasha was genuinely an enigma, but Steve liked the parts of her that she dared to show him, letting her guard down for the legend that was Captain America, and that was enough for him. Her smile became more and more human the more time she spen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
#romance
#first impressions
#avengers
#wip

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

