Chapter 1: Duties
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 
They're kings, now, and every king needs a queen. It's always been that way. Alliances, progeny, private counsel: since the dawn of history every great leader has been supported by a great wife.Loki knows it's only a matter of time. He knows that Thor doesn't realise it, but that Asgard – despite the incredible flexibility it has shown so far – is waiting for it. He knows that the great families of the Nine Realms are educating and dolling their daughters up as if they were already queens, waiting for the opening of the auction. And trying to play dirty at parties, maybe. (Little morsels on display everywhere, buzzing around like flies.)The very thought makes him bare his teeth. He looks at Thor and condensing frost spills from his lungs. He thinks of their nights together and the floor freezes under his feet, breaking the soles of his boots. He envisions what he could give Thor, he and he alone, and he wants to scream. It's not fair.
But he keeps quiet and calm, because Thor is not the only one who has grown. Kings possess many things. They need to give up just as many, if they want to honor their commitments.Therefore, it will be Loki son of Laufey the one who will plan their weddings; Loki, who will find the right bride for Thor–and prepare the nuptial bed.Not their bed, though. Never theirs. (The nest he has chosen, padded and shaped hour after hour, desire after desire, like some poor dumb Jötun in heat). Those cows will die before puttingfootinit-Calm down, he tells himself, rubbing his forehead. You won't grow apart because of this.No one can overcome as many difficulties as they did, love each other in spite of everything like they do, and be separated by a wife of convenience, a walking womb. He just has to make sure that the bride isn't too beautiful; that she doesn't have too strong-willed a character, doesn't possess high-level magic and culture ‒ better if she completely lacks magic, yes. That she is unable to entertain her husband with witty remarks. And maybe unable to conceive, too...Oh, Norns.Loki closes his eyes. He takes a deep breath.He has more discipline than this, he tells himself; he's been able to triumph over circumstances that were much more dramatic, he has managed Thor and Odin and Heimdall and even a bit Frigga daughter of Fyörgynn. He can do this, because he has to. Asgard would never accept a Jötun queen, although, incredibly, it tolerates a Jötun ally.And if it's not nuances always ruining his life... 




Notes:

'Walking belly womb'* is a quote from Napoleone Bonaparte. After Joséphine, he wanted just a political wife - a woman who'd give him an heir, influent connections and nothing more. *Thanks to Syginthefaithful for the correction!Chapters will get longer, I swear!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
past Jarnsaxa/Thor
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Duty
Loki Has Issues
Loki Feels
Thor Feels
Smart Thor
Intrigue
Post Avengers Asgard
Politics
Established Relationship
Requited Love
Jealousy
Warning: Loki
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Jotun Biology
Mythological Beasts
Marriage Proposal
Hermaphrodites
Jötunn Loki
Loki is mostly blue here
Kilts
Mating Rituals
Body Paint
Shapeshifter Loki
Parent Frigga
Mpreg
Kind of since we're talking about hermaphrodites
Mating Cycles/In Heat
again kind of
Reincarnation themes
Wordcount: 30.000-50.000
Eventual Smut
Explicit Sexual Content
Pseudo-Incest
Mention of twins incest
questionable decisions

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
past Jarnsaxa/Thor
Loki/Thor

