Chapter 1: A new beginning
    




Chapter Text
Peter was a happy boy, despite the family he was born into.  
He didn’t think his family liked him very much. They didn’t include him in family game nights and often left him home alone while they went out to dinner or to the movies. He tried not to care or pretended like he didn’t notice but he did notice and he did care and it hurt his feelings. 
 
Not that they cared enough to stop. 
 
He hoped that moving to Hawaii would stop them from being so cruel to him and actually include him in their family. He didn’t want to feel like a burden and an outsider anymore. 
 
Peter was sitting in his car seat and leaned his head against the car window, watching the waves roll in from the ocean down below the cliff. 
 
It was his first time seeing an ocean before, he’s only ever seen lakes and swimming pools so it was breathtaking to look out at the deep waters, wondering what kind of sea creatures lived in there. 
 
He giggled and kicked his feet in his car seat, turning to look over at his older sister who seemed to be more interested in watching some YouTube video than actually looking out at the view. 
 
“Morgan. Look! I can see the ocean.” Peter tried to get her attention but he couldn’t reach her so he tried again. “Morgan, look! Look, Morgan!” 
 
Morgan snapped her head up, glaring at her little brother. “Shut up. You’re so annoying. I’m trying to watch my YouTube video.” 
 
Peter looked down at his lap, deciding to keep quiet for the rest of the drive. He didn’t want to annoy his sister, knowing his parents always chose her side and he didn’t want to get yelled at. He went back to quietly looking out the window. 
 
He knew how car trips went so it wasn’t hard for him to keep his mouth shut and bite his tongue every time he saw something cool and wanted to point it out to someone so they could see it as well. 
 
By the time they arrived at their new house, everyone rushed out of the car, leaving Peter to unbuckle himself and slide out. He landed hard on his feet and looked around at their new neighborhood. 
 
There weren't many houses around and it made him feel so isolated. Well, they were. They moved to Hawaii so there was no escape now. 
 
He spotted a few kids about his age kicking a soccer ball so he waved to them but then his arm was being roughly grabbed and he was being yanked inside. “Ow, my arm.” 
 
“Hey!” Peter’s father yelled at the kids who were kicking their ball too close to his property. “Watch where you rodents kick that ball or it’s mine!” 
 
“Don’t scare them, daddy. I want to make friends with them.” Peter tried to keep up with his fathers long legs but failed and almost face planted if it wasn’t for the man having such a strong grip on him. 
 
“Friends?” His father laughed. “May? Do you hear this? Peter wants to make 

friends 

with the boys next door.” 
 
Both his mom and his sister started laughing at him, making him feel like he wanted to cry but he’s gotten really good at holding it in. His dad let go of his arm so he crossed them over his chest. 
 
“I’m allowed making friends. Morgan has friends.” Peter said, feeling himself getting angry. 
 
His mom laughed harder, grabbing a box and putting it on the kitchen counter. “Morgan has friends. plural. You have 

a 

friend and he doesn’t even like you.” 
 
“Not true.” The seven year old huffed and went to go walk to his bedroom but he didn’t even have one anymore. “Why did we even have to move into this stupid house? I miss our old house.” 
 
“Ben, do something about his attitude.” May had said, looking to her husband. 
 
Ben narrowed his eyes at Peter and that was all it took for Peter to look down and try to close in on himself, making him appear impossibly smaller. “Watch it, Peter, or I will wash your mouth out with soap. Go with your sister and pick a room out. She gets first pick because she’s older.” 
 
Peter didn’t see how that was fair. She always got first everything but it wasn’t like he asked to be born second. Or to be born at all. 
 
Morgan tugged him by the arm, purposely making him bump into the walls and door frames. “I get the bigger and better room.” 
 
Peter didn’t say anything. He didn’t want her to tell on him and he get in trouble. 
 
The twelve year old barreled past Peter and walked into a room. “This one's mine. You can get the small one at the end of the hallway.” 
 
Once again, Peter was separated from everyone. 
 
He walked into his new bedroom and looked around. It wasn’t anything like his bedroom back at home, not that his old bedroom was of any greatness. 
 
Peter walked into the hallway and over to his dad, tugging on his hand. “Daddy, where’s my toys? I want to unpack too.” 
 
Ben waved Peter off to finish with his phone call but his mom heard and walked past him to grab some more boxes. “I had to send some of your toys to charity. You’re too old for teddy bears and legos anyways. Pick up a ball and do some sports.” 
 
Peter’s eyes watered and tears immediat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
eventually
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Manipulation
Child Abandonment
Child Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Abusive Relationships
Awesome Pepper Potts
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Dark May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark are Siblings (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Teacher Tony Stark
Thumb-sucking
Wetting
Platonic Cuddling
Peter is 7
Child Neglect
Broken Bones
Drunkenness
Drinking
Unhealthy Relationships
Adoption

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker & Peter Parker

