Work Text:
It was safe to say that Peter Parker hated his life right now all because of Flash Thompson (surprise, surprise) and a field trip to Stark Towers. Peter's day at school had gone great, for a Monday any way, until his teacher announced that on Wednesday they would all be going to Stark Towers on a field trip- everyone bar Peter was beyond excited. Peter simply sat and prayed for another building to collapse on him. "Well I cannot wait to see all your lies exposed, Penis." Flash sneered, Peter didn't have to energy nor did he care enough to reply- he was telling the truth.Wednesday rolled around far too quickly for his liking. The whole time on the bus Flash was taunting him about how much trouble he was going to get in when people who actually work there find out he's been lying about having an internship there and about how much of a liar he was. Peter couldn't wait for the day to be over. "Hi everyone, I'm Alice and I'm your tour guide today." She announced cheerfully. "Now does anyone have any questions before we begin?" She asked. Flash instantly put his hand up, sending a smirk over to Peter who rolled his eyes, he knew exactly where this was going. "Do you know of any intern called Peter Parker?" He asked, trying to sound all innocent in asking. "I can't recall ever meeting a Peter Parker, but there's a lot of people who work here- I'm probably not the best person to ask." She replied, sounding confused as she had expected questions about the tour and not some random intern. "Okay, thanks you." Is all Flash said in response, he huffed victoriously, sending a glare to Peter- 'just kill me now' Peter thought. The tour began as Alice gave a brief summary of the history of Stark industries before taking them up to one of many labs. They were allowed to look around for around ten minutes before moving on to the next section. As the day went on everything got worse for Peter, of all the people they met and spoke to none of them knew Peter- he tried to say that it was because he worked in different areas, but soon no-one believed him about the internship. They figured that if they did have on then someone would have known him. Peter really wished he had stayed off that day, he knew that school was going to be even worse now. Throughout lunch, Peter barely ate anything, only taking a couple of bites of pizza. He'd completely lost his appetite, despite his increased metabolism. He felt completely defeated and humiliated. After lunch they went to one of the r&d labs. One of the lab technicians was giving a demonstration when Harley Keener burst into the lab."Peter Benjamin Parker why have I just had a notification from FIRDAY that you didn't eat anything for lunch? And why did you not tell me you were here early, I haven't see you in two months!" Harley exclaimed as he entered the lab, seemingly not noticing or choosing to ignore all of Peter's classmates as they stared in shock and mainly confusion at the teenager who had just walked in.  God Peter had missed Harley, it felt great to actually hear his voice in person rather that over the phone. Peter didn't care what the reaction of his classmates would be, he'd missed his boyfriend so much. He practically sprinted over to where he stood and launched himself at Harley, wrapping his arms around him. Harley instantly embraced Peter in return. "I've missed you so much Harls." Peter said, barely holding back his tears, partially because he was so happy to see Harley and partially because of how crap a day he'd had so far. "Is everything okay darlin'?" Harley asked in concern as they pulled out of their hug, although he maintaining contact with Peter by holding his hands as they faced each other."Can't I just hug my boyfriend who I haven't seen in months?" Peter shrugged off, failing to hide the tears in his eyes that threatened to fall. Before Harley could response, Peter's teacher cleared his throat, attracting the attention of the two teens. "What is the meaning of this Peter?" His teacher barked, showing  complete lack of respect and almost disdain for Peter. If looks could kill Harley would have killed Peter's teacher on the spot. "Oh hi there." Harley said with fake happiness, something he'd learnt from Tony- how to master pretending to be polite to people. "I'm Harley Keener, I'm one of two personal interns for Tony Stark and one of the heirs to Stark industries. The meaning of this is me coming to check on my boyfriend, who I haven't seen in two months and was informed by FRIDAY that they haven't eaten properly today so I was coming to check on him." Harley said, still maintaining his image of politeness, whilst also being curt towards the teacher. "Oi Penis, I thought you said that you were Tony Stark's personal intern, looks like you were wrong on that." Flash proclaimed. "Did you not listen to what I just said, I said I was one of two interns to Tony Stark." Harley snapped in defense of Peter. This must be this 'Flash' kid Peter had mentioned. "
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Fluff
Angst
Light Angst
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Protective Harley Keener
BAMF Harley Keener
Bisexual Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Parent Tony Stark

fandom: 
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

