Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Her  Majesty,  Sarah  Rogers,  the  Queen  Mother,  stormed  through  the  palace  that  she’d  spent  nearly  all of  her  adult  life  while  her  late  husband  ruled  with  what  the  world  had  called  an  iron  fist,  in  a  manner  that  some  may  call,  hell  on  wheels.
She  spared  no  looks  to  anyone  in  her  path.
Officials  and  staff  hurried  aside.  Not  even  daring  speak  to  the  ruling  kings  mother  in  a  courteous  greeting,  as  they  had  obviously  seen  what  she’d  seen  and  wanted  no  part  of  that.  Or,  quite  worse,  perhaps  she  may  turn  that  fury  on  them  and  blame  them  because  without  a  doubt,  someone  would  pay  for  what  their  nation  had  woken  up  to.
Scandal.
For  all  the  rocky  history  and  turbulence  that  their  nation  had  endured,  a  scandal  such  as  this  was  new.  Unprecedented.
An  unstable  government  under  a  tyrant  king?  
Check.  That  had  been  Sarah’s  late  husband.
A  history  full  of  revolts,  protests,  starvation,  wars,  suffering  and  even  darker  days  under  previous  iron  fisted  power-hungry  rulers  that  had  slaughtered  anyone  who  stood  in  their  way.
Check.  
It  was  heartbreaking  but  true.
Her  land  had  paid  over  and  over  with  the  blood  of  its  people  for  the  greedy  desires  of  men.
Her  son  would  be  different,  she  had  been  convinced.  She  had  made  sure  to  raise  her  Steven  different.  He  would  not  be  like  his  father  or  ancestors  and  he  had  not  been.  
Since  becoming  king  at  the  tender  age  of  nineteen,  he  had  been  absolutely  everything  she  could  have  ever  hoped  for.
Well,  almost  everything.
Her  Majesty  hadn’t  even  had  a  chance  to  dress.
She’d  arrived  late  last  night  after  a  visit  to  the  United  Kingdom  and  still  battling  jet  lag,  stumbled  upon  this  while  checking  local  news  in  bed.
Now  her  laptop  was  in  pieces  from  where  she’d  thrown  it  at  the  sight  of  what  she’d  seen.  In  the  centuries  old  palace  wall  was  a  dent  too.  She  had  on  no  slippers.  A  silk  robe  trailed  behind  her  like  a  cape.
Her  son  may  have  been  thirty-one,  ruler  of  a  country  with  founding  roots  back  to  the  dark  ages  but  he  would  always  be  her  son.  Plus,  he  had  lied  to  her.  Lied!
Sarah  was  not  about  to  let  that  go  unanswered.  
She’d  tolerated  more  than  any  person  should  from  Steve’s  father.  She  wasn’t  about  to  endure  the  same  indignity  from  her  son.
Up  ahead  was  the  office  where  her  son  worked  and  judging  on  the  way  people  would  look  away  upon  noticing  her,  or  hurry  into  open  doorways,  she  knew  that  they  knew.  Because  staff  and  officials  had  acted  the  same  way  when  she  had  worn  bruises  unable  to  be  covered  from  Steven’s  father.  People  still  wanted  to  avoid  any  hint  of  unpleasantness.  
The  desk  in  the  office  that  led  into  her  sons  office  was  empty.  Which  was  fine  by  her,  she  wasn’t  in  the  mood  to  deal  with  being  greeted  and  addressed  appropriately  at  that  point,  it  would  simply  take  too  long  and  she  had  a  son  to  deal  with.
Never  once  had  she  ever  been  so  outraged,  so  furious,  so  out  of  her  goddamn  mind  at  Steven.
The  fact  that  she  was  storming  into  the  official  office  of  the  king  in  her  nightgown,  a  silk  robe,  bare  feet  and  not  a  bit  of  makeup,  her  usually  swept  up  silky  hair  hanging  free  all  should  have  been  an  indication  to  her  state.
Blue  eyes  that  she  had  given  her  son  blazed  at  him  where  he  sat.  On  the  phone  with  someone.  Looking  every  bit  a  modern  world  leader  behind  a  big  desk.  He  wore  a  suit.  Full  bookcases  lined  the  walls  where  maps  and  photos  or  art  didn’t  hang.  He  appeared  more  like  a  young  prime  minister  or  president  than  a  king.  
Whereas  his  father  made  sure  it  was  the  opposite.
Sarah’s  late  husband  had  ruled  his  country  and  people,  his  household  and  family  with  an  iron  fist.  Steve’s  father  had  been  a  dictator  in  every  sense  of  the  word.  Nearly  the  first  five  years  of  Steve’s  reign  had  been  dedicated  to  reversing  much  of  what  his  father  had  done,  leading  his  nation  into  a  modern  place  in  the  world  and  out  of  its  turbulent  past.
And  now…this.  This!
Sarah  made  sure  to  slam  the  door  behind  her.  Should  Steve  be  unable  to  determine  how  angry  she  was,  how  upset,  on  his  own.
Needless  to  say,  Sarah  watched  her  son  end  his  phone  call  quickly,  telling  whoever  was  on  the  other  end  that  he  would  call  them  right  back.  
It  could  have  been  anyone.
It  could  have  been  a  member  of  his  cabinet  that  he  had  appointed  to  run  his  country  with  him,  a  r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Modern Royalty
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Scandal
Sex Tapes
Power Dynamics
Power Imbalance
Rough Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
king!steve
Mildly Dubious Consent
Dark Steve Rogers
mentions of past domestic abuse
Possessive Steve Rogers
Inappropriate Behavior
Secret Relationship
Restraints
Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Consensual Somnophilia
Virginity Kink
explicit dirty talk
Loss of virginity dirty talk
Nonconsensual voyerism
Vaginal Fingering
Issues around virginity
Mercurial!SteveRogers
Loss of Virginity
Blood
Bodily Fluids
Manipulation
Tampering with Birth Control
Vague mention of killing
Throat Holding
Fertility Issues
Closeted Character
Mention of outing a closeted character
Surprise Sex
Masturbation
Verbal Fighting
Biting
Marking
Cumplay
Breastplay
Previous mentioned sexual assault
Blindfolds
Character comes out
Pregnancy

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

