Work Text:
”Oh, shit... You're joking, right?” The inmate who had been given the task of showing Tony to his cell – because apparently that's the way it was done here – stopped in his tracks and stared at him with wide eyes, which seemed to almost fill his boyish face. ”They put you with the Lyesmith?””The what?” Tony frowned at the man. What was his name again? Yeah, Barton, that was it. Then he turned the frown on the paper in his hand. ”This says Laufeyson.””Yeah, no-one calls him that.” Barton said it in a way that clearly meant 'no-one who wants so stay alive and in possession of all their teeth', while slowly shaking his head. ”It's Lyesmith in here. And that's L-Y-E, by the way. Not L-I-E. There's a story behind that name and trust me”, Barton leaned in closer as he put emphasis on every word, ”you don't want to hear it.”Staring, Tony nodded and swallowed. He was notoriously curious, but he somehow felt that it might be a really good idea to listen to this particular piece of advice.Chuckling in a way that gave Tony shivers, Barton turned and started walking again. ”Fresh meat with the Lyesmith... Damn... The warden must hate you.” He glanced over his shoulder with an eyebrow raised.The dark face of the warden – leather patch covering one eye, the one still there staring at him as if he was something the cat had eaten and then thrown up on the best rug right in front of the dinner guests – passed by Tony's inner eye. He cleared his throat. ”I'm pretty sure he's not a fan.””No shit.” Barton shook his head, but kept talking as they walked through bare, gray hallways, rooms and corridors, just as gray daylight falling in through barred windows here and there. ”The Lyesmith used to be with the Asgardians. You must know about them?”He looked over and waited for Tony to nod before he continued, even though it was just a formality. Of course he did. Maybe he was new to this prison thing, but he hadn't been blind and deaf his whole life before he ended up here. He knew the name of the gang that more or less ran the dark, underground, outlawed part of the world. And that was on the outside. Here, on the inside? Here they were basically gods.”When he came here, something happened – don't ask me what because no-one knows – and he broke it off, completely. Which should have been, you know...” Barton turned enough to show Tony when he made a face and dragged a finger over his throat.”Suicide”, Tony supplied. Yeah, obviously.”But he's still kicking.” With a shrug, the inmate faced forward again. ”Some say Thor's still got his back, no matter what.” He didn't have to explain who the leader of the whole group of merry criminals was. ”Others say he's working for Thanos these days, though.” Another name in no need of explanation – just the drug lord to end all drug lords. ”But I kind of doubt it. One of Thanos' guys traded the Lyesmith some really nasty stuff a while back, and the dude got it bad. I mean bad.” Barton turned his head again to glance at Tony, to show how serious he was. ”They found him tied to the bed with his own sheets, and someone had force fed him his entire stash. All of it. It was a mess. The whole corridor reeked of the guy for a week.”Tony blinked. ”And he did that?” It felt wrong to use the nickname Barton applied to the man, like it was some fucked up sort of title.”Well, obviously no-one knows for sure.” Even from behind, Barton's shrug was clear, and also his meaning; no-one knew for sure, but everyone still knew. ”Well, there you are.” He stopped so suddenly that Tony almost walked into him, and pointed at the open door of a cell a few yards away. ”Home sweet home.” The smirk he gave Tony was sharp, but also a tiny bit compassionate.And fuck if that wasn't really worrying.”Yeah, well, thanks. I guess.” Tony hugged the bundle of sheets he was carrying closer to his chest, and eyed the door. ”See you around, Barton.”The inmate with the sandy hair just slapped a hand to the back of his shoulder, turned, and walked away with steps even quicker than the ones that had led Tony there.When he was out of sight, Tony turned back to the open door down the corridor, swallowed, and made himself stand up straight, shoulders back, chest out, chin up. He pulled in a slow breath and started walking again. Maybe there was some sort of monster waiting for him in there, all claws and fangs and ready to pounce, but damnit, he was Tony Stark! He wasn't going to cower and bow and scrape. Fuck no! So he was considered 'fresh meat' in here, but he wasn't some helpless little weakling, and he'd make sure anyone who didn't already know it learned, and fast too.He didn't stop outside the doorway to knock or wait or even to glance inside to get a look at what was waiting for him. No, Tony just stepped into the cell like he owned it, and came to a halt in the middle of the small, open space it offered. Across from the door was a window, letting in some light through thick glass and heavy metal bars, and below it stood a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Human
Alternate Universe - Prison
Tony isn't Iron Man
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Violence
Blood
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Loki
Reading
Literature
Tony-centric
Prison
Prison Sex

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

