Chapter 1: Clint Barton: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
Clint sighed wistfully as Tony left the room, trailed by Rogers who was fumbling through an attempt to ask the talkative genius out. Again.
“You need to stop doing this to yourself Clint,” Natasha said gently and Clint stubbornly didn’t look at her.
She’d made her opinion of his crush on Tony pretty clear.
“I know him. You’re not his type and Steve is. He’s just playing hard to get with Steve because he likes the attention,” she continued.
Yes, she’d said this before. Multiple times. He got it. That didn’t change anything though…
Clint had been screwed pretty early on.
After the debriefing over the whole invasion thing, Tony had invited Clint to stay at the Tower. He’d seen how the rest of the SHIELD Agents were treating him after being mind-controlled by Loki and he’d offered Clint a way out. The archer had eagerly taken it, beaten down by the whispers and glares on top of his nightmares.
Tony had promptly gotten Clint a therapist and given him space to recover on his own floor of the Tower (which included a state-of-the-art archery range, he never wanted to leave).
At some point, Tony had pitched up on his floor in the middle of the night when Clint couldn’t sleep and the two had gotten drunk and talked about nightmares and how much the invasion had screwed them both up.
Loki for Clint and the portal for Tony.
Clint whispered about what it was like to be unmade and Tony mumbled about darkness and the vast emptiness of space. The next day they didn’t mention that night beyond a complaint about the hangover.
Tony had become a friend, a good one who laughed at his jokes and joined in on his pranks and banter.
And somewhere along the line, Clint had developed a crush.
Who could really blame him? Tony was one of the hottest men on the planet, most of the population agreed on that. And Clint had grown to know him and found the genius to be funny, sarcastic and just as messed up in the head as he was.
He never stood a chance though. 
A month after he’d moved in (and refused to move back to SHIELD headquarters multiples times) Natasha had moved in as well followed by Steve. Bruce was already in the Tower although he spent most of his time in the labs doing science stuff with Tony.
And Steve fell for the genius just as quickly as Clint did. It started with lingering looks and then the Captain started hanging out with Tony more and that's when Clint knew he didn’t have a snowball’s chance in hell with Tony.
Who would choose the archer from the circus over Captain America?
Nat had been ruthless in pointing that out. She said she didn’t want him hurt but he would have appreciated her pretending to be on his side for even a short time.
But no, she was fully backing Steve’s attempts to get Tony, giving him advice and helping him every step of the way.
Clint sighed as Nat stood up to follow Steve and see if Tony said yes this time. The genius was surprisingly oblivious to everything that was going on and kept misunderstanding Steve’s invitations to dates as team bonding activities.
He dreaded the day that Tony finally got it and he was subjected to watching them become a happy couple.
Maybe he should move back to SHIELD…
The alarm blared and Clint jumped on the chance to distract himself from his romance troubles.
 
“What the hell is wrong with people?!” Tony demanded as they all gathered for their debrief. “Giant snails attacking the city?!”
“Snails with wings,” Clint added. “Don’t forget the wings.”
“Or the spewing acid part,” Bruce mumbled.
Villains were weird.
Tony threw himself into the chair between Bruce and Clint.
“How’d the new exploding arrows work?” he asked eagerly.
Clint grinned, leaning closer. He was always drawn towards Tony’s enthusiasm like a moth to a flame.
“Like a dream. Flew perfect and the explosions were fantastic.”
Tony smirked smugly. “Am I good or what?”
He was gorgeous like this, flushed with pleasure over his inventions and smugly proud. Clint wanted to kiss those smirking lips so badly.
But then Steve started talking and they both looked away and focused on the meeting.
“You need to stop being so reckless Tony,” Steve lectured and the genius only rolled his eyes.
This was an old argument. Nat said it was because Steve worried over Tony more than the rest of them because of his feelings.
Clint thought it was more because Steve didn’t trust Tony’s judgment. What looked like a snap decision to the rest of them was actually carefully thought out by Tony. His mind just worked that quickly.
When the meeting came to a close, Steve called Tony over and Clint felt his stomach drop. He tried not to listen to Steve hopefully ask Tony if he’d like to go out for dinner that night.
Next to him Bruce snorted when Tony eagerly agreed that a team dinner would be great and that he knew just the restaurant.
Before Steve could correct him, he was off talking to JARVIS and making plans.
“Just keep trying Steve. He’s being difficult because he likes the attent
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Oblivious Tony Stark
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Natasha Romanoff Friendly
Natasha Romanoff is not a good bro
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
not wanda maximoff friendly
Mind Manipulation
Possessive Steve Rogers
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
BAMF Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

