Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony stood at the floor to ceiling windows overlooking the city, scotch long forgotten in his hand. He let his eyes follow the movements of lights and people, so far below that they didn’t seem real. All around him was the perfect silence of his empty apartment atop the empty tower that he called home. For years Tony had been content, but recently something had changed. The instincts that he had suppressed for so long had come roaring to the surface. It was time for him to find a mate.
 
Turning his back on the city below, Tony settled on the sofa, idly sipping his drink. His eye glowed a vibrant electric blue as he used Extremis to access the internet. It took seconds to navigate to the Omega Commission website. A little longer to find what he was looking for. It wasn’t a well known fact, but there was a quiet offshoot of the OC that specialized in supplying matches for unique individuals. Those who bore a mutation or enhancement of some form that would make a baseline human unsuitable as a match. Which was exactly what Tony needed.
 
Tony scheduled a meeting with the local handler for the Enhanced Program before leaning back and staring up at the ceiling. He had tried looking for a mate when he was younger, just like everyone else. He’d gone to the presentations and galas and shows. Been surrounded by hundreds of attractive omegas who were eager to be claimed by a wealthy influential man. But it had all been too easy. Boring. Tony needed a challenge to keep himself engaged. Maybe this time he’d be able to find one.
 
Earlier than he normally cared to be up and awake, Tony was readying himself for the day. If he was going to meet potential omegas, he wanted to get it over with sooner rather than later. If they all proved to be a disappointment, it allowed him time to plan his next move. If there was an interesting specimen in the bunch, then he’d want the bulk of the day to prepare. He drove to the location he’d been provided and schooled his features before he stepped inside.
 
Tony had been expecting to be overwhelmed by the scent of multiple omegas. As opposed to other facilities he’d been in, the air was neutral. Most likely owing to an efficient filtration system. It was pleasant. He wouldn’t have to attempt to filter scents if he found an intriguing option. A slim man in a well tailored suit was waiting in the foyer. “Mr. Stark?”
 
“Doctor, actually. And yes.”
 
“It’s an honor, Sir. I’m Phil Coulson, we spoke via the system last night. You mentioned you needed a more durable omega to fulfill your needs?”
 
“Yes. If you have something with increased fortitude perhaps?”
 
“There are currently a few options available. Right this way.”
 
Tony was led down a corridor, glass windows on either side showing various rooms as they walked past. Phil explained the unique qualities of the different specimens they passed, the omegas becoming less docile the deeper into the facility they went. When they reached the end of the hallway, Tony froze in his tracks.
 
The man in the holding room was breathtaking. Golden hair gleamed under the lights. Smooth, lightly tanned skin was on display, as the omega hadn’t been allowed the privilege of clothing. As Tony’s eyes ran over the well muscled chest and thighs, he thought it might be a shame to ever allow that body to be covered. The omega had taken no notice of the two men standing in the hall, continuing his attempts to force the door open and secure his release.
 
Tony spoke to Phil, eyes never leaving the man before him. “Tell me about this one.”
 
“His name is Steve Rogers. He was recently taken into custody. He’s spent years as an omega-rights activist, trying to recruit support to the cause.”
 
Tony snorted. “Good luck with that.”
 
“Exactly. When he was apprehended it was discovered that he is in fact an omega. He used illegal suppressants to disguise his nature. Never been claimed, bonded, or trained. Extremely volatile, difficult. Recommended only for high level alphas. He’s also a mutant with enhanced senses, strength, and healing.”
 
Tony stared into the room for a long moment. “I want him.”
 
“Of course, Dr. Stark.”
 
“I’ll need to get things ready for him at the tower. Shouldn’t take long. Have him readied for mounting by this evening. I’ll bring him home after.”
 
“Yes Dr. Stark. Would six o’clock be acceptable?”
 
“Perfect.” Tony took one last long look before turning away. He had things to do.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Dark
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Breeding
Restraints
Bondage
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Consensual Touching
Non-Consensual Bondage
Knotting
Sexism
Forced Bonding
Forced Orgasm
Shameless Smut
Medical Procedures
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Dom/sub Undertones
Anal Plug
Extremis Tony Stark
Mutant Steve Rogers
Non-consensual Medical Procedures
hand wavey science
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Sex Toys
Objectification
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Steve Rogers Cries
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Mentions of cancer (in the past)
Overwhelmed Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Punishment
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Electricity
E-stim
Cock Cages
Fucking Machines
Implied/Referenced Brainwashing
Medical Inaccuracies
Omega-centric medical conditions (referenced or implied)
Bad parenting practices
Minor panic attacks
Enemas
after a fashion
Gags
Humiliation
Loss of Control
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Past Rape/Non-con
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Come Inflation
Mpreg

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes

