Work Text:
After the whole Mandarin fiasco and him destroying his suits, Tony wasn’t having a good time with the press. Some of them had little to no trouble with him. Others named him reckless and irresponsible. Of course, Tony had no issues with that, but Pepper kept telling him that they had to fix this as soon as possible. Because of that, she set him up to volunteer in different places. One of them -the one that changed his life forever- was set in an orphanage. Happy had been driving him to the orphanage when traffic stopped them. It was so bad that they hadn’t been moving a single centimeter for the past fifteen minutes. He was getting frustrated, so he did what any other genius, billionaire, (ex) playboy, philanthropist, and superhero would do: get out of the car with sunglasses and a cap. Happy called after him, but Tony just waved him off and started his path to the orphanage.  When he was missing one mile till his destination, he almost tripped as something latched on his legs and hid behind them. Before Tony could figure out what it was, two kids -who looked to be about ten years old- came running towards him, anger clear on their faces.  “Move,” one of the boys demanded him, his gaze on Tony’s legs. Curiously, Tony turned to whoever had hidden behind him and was surprised when he saw a small boy holding onto dear life at his pants, shaking like a leaf. Tony took pity on the boy and placed his hand on his back, trying to offer comfort to the boy. “You know, hurting someone younger and smaller than you is low. Especially when it’s two versus one,” Tony told the kids, lowering his glasses and blinking when they looked up at him. The kids seemed to recognize him immediately as they ran away. “You okay, buddy?” Tony asked the boy. “Yes. Thank you, sir,” the boy replied, with a small voice, not meeting his eyes.  “No problem, buddy. Where are your parents?” The boy pointed upwards. Tony was confused until the boy spoke again, his voice sounding somber. “They went to the sky forever, sir.” Tony’s heart clenched at the admission. The kid looked no older than five, and to have his parents die at such a young age must’ve been world-wreaking.  Tony then saw tears forming in the boy’s eyes, and a sudden parental feeling kicked in as he kneeled in front of the boy and gently wiped the stray tear that managed to escape his eyes. “Hey, it’s okay. You know, my parents also went to the sky forever years ago. I know it hurts right now, but I promise it will get better.” The boy sniffed and brushed his hand against his cheeks just before he moved forward and hugged Tony. The latter, both surprised and a little startled as he was not used to hugs, wrapped his arms around the boy’s chest a second later, confused.  “I’m sorry your parents went to the sky too, sir,” the boy whispered against Tony’s ear just before letting go and taking a step back. “So,” Tony coughed to get rid of the emotions gathering on his throat. “What’s your name, buddy?” “Peter. Peter Benjamin Parker,” the boy, no,  Peter replied. “Well, Peter Benjamin Parker, where do you live? I bet they are looking for you.”  “An o’fanash.” Tony chuckled at Peter’s pronunciation and repeated the word, slow and clear for the boy. In return, Peter repeated it as well, just as slow until he got it. “An or-pha-na-ge. It’s called Santa Clarita.” “Good job, buddy,” Tony praised, smiling when Peter smiled at him. “You know, I was actually going there right now. You don’t mind if I go with you, do you?” Peter shook his head and extended his hand towards Tony, who accepted it -surprising himself. They walked to the orphanage in silence -well, as much silence as you could have in Queens. It was because of them holding hands that Tony realized Peter had a limp. He turned to the boy as they walked a few more steps and watched how the boy grimaced every time he took a step with his right foot.  “You okay, Pete? Does your leg hurt?” Peter looked up to him, back to his leg, and back at him before giving a tiny nod. “You know, it will be a while till we get to the orphanage. How about I carry you, and you tell me why those boys were chasing you?”  Without a word, Peter lifted his hands in the universal “pick me up” motion children did and wrapped his arms and legs around Tony when the latter picked him up. “Tell me, kid, why were those two kids trying to get you?” “Aunt May -she’s the nice lady from the orphanage, told us to call her ‘Aunt May’ 'cause ‘Miss May’ made her feel old- told Chris and Tom to do their homework.” Peter had been mostly quiet since they met, so Tony expected the boy to tell him the short version and then stay quiet the rest of the way. So when Peter began rambling, moving his hands to emphasize his story, Tony’s face strangely morphed into a smile as he listened to Peter. “School is important, you know. They are both in fifth grade, while I've just started kindergarten, but it's boooooring. My classmates just count to ten and sing the ABCs.  “So I wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Avengers Team & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Hulk & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Baby Peter Parker
Genius Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Post-Iron Man 3
Not Canon Compliant
Orphan Peter Parker
May is alive but isn't Peter's aunt
Nightmares
Kid Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker likes to talk
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Clint Barton IS A DAD
Bruce Banner Has Issues
Hulk Needs a Hug
Hulk Gets a Hug
Steve Rogers likes to bake
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Uncle Happy Hogan
Uncle James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Uncle Clint Barton
Uncle Bruce Banner
Uncle Steve Rogers
Aunt Natasha Romanov
Mentions of Tony Stark's Childhood
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Not Beta Read
I edited it with free grammarly
so that's as much editing as it has
This shit isn't beta-ed
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Hurt/Comfort
Rated teen for language
Peter is 4-5 here

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Avengers Team & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Hulk & Peter Parker

