Work Text:





1989


“I’m bored,” the Captain announces some way into the third hour of their stakeout. “Trade you a fact if you’ve got one.”

Killing people is ninety percent waiting. They are lounging on the roof of an abandoned warehouse, bodies cushioning each other from the jutting concrete of the wall at their backs and the uncomfortable press of concealed weaponry into the vulnerable hollows of belly and hip. The Soldier shifts to curl his cold metal arm into the warm space between them, his lips itching for a cigarette. He says, “I think I used to smoke.”

“Yeah? How’d you know?”

“Pretty sure you can’t crave something you’ve never had,” says the Soldier. He watches, content, as the Captain takes his metal wrist and rubs it with his fingers, making sure it doesn’t get so cold the servomotors stop functioning. His gears hum in a satisfied sort of way. It is a good day: the Captain remembers him this time, and even called him by name, once, far out of earshot of their handlers. “Go on. Your turn.”

The Captain says, “I think I was an artist before. You remember the map I drew for Lukin?”

“I didn’t see it.”

“No, you did, you got wiped after because you wouldn’t shut up. Dumbass. It looked nice. I bet I was an artist.”

The Soldier picks up one of the Captain’s hands and studies it. The long, capable fingers are grey with dustings of soot and bumpy with calluses; the nails, chipped and unkempt, have dirt and dried blood caught beneath the tips. If he squints he can imagine that the blood is ink, the stains charcoal; can see the hand, with its delicate bone structure, gripping a pencil instead of a pistol.

“Yeah,” he says. They have lapsed into English, as they so often do when alone together. “I think you were.”

The Captain smiles, looking pleased, his eyes lazy and half-lidded above the arrogant sprawl of his long limbs. “Your move.”

The Soldier hesitates, sifting through the jumbled pieces of his memory. The more time he spends out of cryo—and they spend a lot of time out now, because things are changing, and there is unrest everywhere, and it is easier for their handlers to move them when they’re awake—the more confusing it is to be inside his head. He finds a likely fragment, examines it, and tries, tentatively, to fit it into their jigsaw. “Natalia went over.”

“What?”

“To the Americans,” the Soldier confirms. “I heard them talking about it. She escaped.”

The Captain sits up straight, studying him through flinty blue eyes as if to assess the verity of this statement. The Captain likes collecting facts, picking them up from here and there and filing them away in the untidy, shoreless storehouses of his mind. The Soldier helps hold on to them when he goes to the Chair, so he can get them back afterwards. “She did it,” he says, awestruck. He never talks like this, with real emotion, where their handlers can hear. “She really did it. Did you help her?”

“No,” says the Soldier. “Did you?”

“I don’t remember.”

The Captain fiddles with the edge of his shield, painted in black and shades of grey with a red star gleaming in the centre, twin to the one on the Soldier’s arm. He looks pensive. When he has been silent a long while, the Soldier prods him gently in the side. “It’s your turn.”

The Captain sighs, and says, “I don’t think I can come up with anything to top that.”
   




1990


He is in a cool, dim office, somewhere underground. A fan blows erratic currents of musty air across the room, stirring his hair against the nape of his neck. There is a laugh, coarse and monosyllabic, and a voice saying, “We can’t do that. Tell them they come as a matched set.”

The Winter Soldier oils his guns at a rickety table, waiting for his handler to hang up the phone so she can brief him on his next mission. He is good at waiting. Docility, however feigned, has its uses; nowadays no one thinks twice about discussing important things where he can hear them. His handler laughs again, and waves a ringed hand in the air. “Inadvisable, my friend. They get cranky if we separate them for too long. And when a supersoldier gets cranky it is a matter of life and death for anyone who has to work with them. Tell those misers at HYDRA they’d best dip deep in their pockets and buy them both, or not at all.”

HYDRA. It is a name that strikes something deep inside the Soldier’s being and sets it resonating at a dreadful, rumbling pitch. The cogs of his mind, obstreperous as always, begin to turn. They come as a matched set. They. The self, and another. The Captain, of course; besides him there is no other. HYDRA wants to buy them. No. No. The Captain must be told.

His arm is whirring in distress by the time his handler lets out a closing burst of profanities at the caller and hangs up. Except for the slightest grimace, she pays the noise no heed. A thick dossier materialises on the table before him, between the dismantled pieces of his favourite rifle; some diplomat or other needs killing. His handler’s lips part to favou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
winter!Steve
Car Accidents
Implied/Referenced Torture
Pining
Blowjobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

