Chapter 1: Moving along in a pace unknown to man
    




Chapter Text


June 30th, 2017


Looking out the window, Tony tries to stop the blurring of the trees by focusing on just one until it disappears from view. The trees here are different, two hours away from where the journey had started, taller and more leafy than the spiky branches he had gotten used to. Soon enough, though, the constant back and forth of his eyes becomes tiring. but there isn’t much else to do. He wishes he could nap, take advantage of the quiet atmosphere in Ms. Hill’s car and make up for all of the sleep he didn’t get last night, but of course he can’t. 

Won’t. 

Not after the last time he’d fallen asleep in the car. 

Ms. Hill is quiet in the front seat, but Tony can see her eyes in the rearview mirror every five minutes. Just a quick glance, but sometimes it lingers. Making sure he still looks okay. Ms. Hill has always been nice to him, always has a smile when she comes to see him and talks to him all nice and soft like Jarvis used to do at home. 

Last night Ms. Hill’s smile was wrong. She smiled with her mouth but her eyes looked so sad. Tony knew it when he saw her. Sad eyes meant he was going away again. Sad eyes meant 

disappointment

. Disappointed that he couldn’t behave again, that he said something disrespectful or touched something he wasn’t supposed to or wasn’t paying attention like he always did even though he tried, 

I swear I tried this time

. Sad eyes meant his foster parents didn’t want him anymore, and he had to pack up his things into a hand-me-down backpack and a sad, black garbage bag, and go to meet new strangers and 

be on his best behavior

 so that maybe someone would keep him this time. 

Tony didn’t really want to leave this last house. It wasn’t that bad compared to the other ones. Mr. and Mrs. Leahy didn’t lock the fridge like his second foster home did, and they weren’t tired and stressed and snippy from too many kids in the house. He had to do chores in the house and they watched him while he did his homework and he was only allowed one hour of TV a day and the computer was only for schoolwork and he shared a room with another boy because the apartment was just a touch too small, but Tony didn’t mind all of that. 

But they had their own kids, their 

real

 kids, so Tony should have known not to get his hopes up. Especially after all the 

incidents

 in the four short months he’d been there. 

Tony looks down at his hands at the thought. He wishes he knew why he was like this. Why he is such a 

problem child

, like his second foster mom, the really really mean one, had said to him all the time. None of the other foster parents had said that, but Tony knew they must have thought it too. Why else would all the families he had stayed with end up sending him back? Why would anyone want a troubled kid like him?


Nothing but a waste of my time and efforts

, Mrs. Walsh used to say, as she sent him to bed without dinner, more often than not. 

The Leahy’s were Tony’s fourth foster home, and his shortest stay yet. The first one, with old Mrs. Hendricks, was easily the nicest foster home he’d stayed in. Tony had his own room there, just like at he used to at his real home, and Mrs. Hendricks would cook a huge dinner every night. She only had one other foster kid, Beth, so it was always quiet and calm there. Beth was a lot older than him, but she was nice and played with him sometimes. She shared her colored pencils with him whenever he wanted, and helped him learn how to write the alphabet in huge, wonky letters. 

But then Mrs. Hendricks fell one day and Beth had to call 911 and they had to go to the hospital in the ambulance with all the lights and loud noises and Beth was crying and Tony was so so scared of hospitals because bad bad 

bad 

things happened in hospitals, people get hurt and sick and 

die 

there. Ms. Hill and another social worker had come to get Beth and Tony that night to pack their stuff and go to new homes. He was sad to leave Mrs. Hendricks’ house then, but he was happy when Ms. Hill said she hadn’t died. He didn’t want another dead parent. 

There are two parents in this home, Ms. Hill had said when she picked him up this morning at the Leahy’s house. They’re both men, though. Tony doesn’t know how that really works in the new home, and he isn’t really sure he wants to. Dads, real ones or foster ones, have never worked out that well for Tony. 

He can’t stop picking at his cuticles in his lap. Everyone says it’s a bad habit but he can’t stop himself. Sometimes, Tony just needs to 

move

, even if it’s just his fingers. Mrs. Walsh would dole out punishments if Tony couldn’t sit perfectly still. It made him feel like he was going to burst right out of his skin, and it would only get worse when he was scared. 

Ms. Hill and he are well away from Manhattan now, Tony can tell. They had passed over a second bridge 20 minutes ago and it’s been nothing but trees and highway ever
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Foster Care
Alternate Universe - Foster Family
Childhood Trauma
Past Child Abuse
mentions of self harm
Angst with a Happy Ending
Found Family Manifestations
New Chapters Posted on Wednesdays
Kid!Fic
Kid Avengers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

