Chapter 1: Juniper
    




Chapter Text

Chapter One: Juniper
Clutching the letter of acceptance in a shaking hand, Charles told himself it was from the cold. That fib didn't hold up particularly well as the butterflies in his stomach were whipped into frenzy at the sight of the puttering tugboat cutting through the water towards him. It looked like it was going to fall apart at any second. A rancid cloud of black smoke was coughed up into the clean night air, obscuring the stars. At the prow stood a stout woman, her face slowly coming into clearer view as the boat edged closer to the end of the dock, jarring the wood as the tires lining the edge bounced. Her teeth gleamed in a crooked grin, one eye covered by a patch.Charles scratched the back of his head, waving awkwardly. He picked up his sole piece of luggage and hurried forward, leading his steps with the letter. The woman snatched it out of his hands, her one eye scanning the text at lightning speed while he ambled up the gangplank. Murky green water lapped hungrily at the sides of the boat as if pulling it from the dock back into its dark embrace. Swallowing audibly, Charles realized he could see floating razor wire just beneath the surface, and more layers of it further down if the metallic glinting was anything to go by. His first concern was for the fish, but one look at the putrid water--never mind the smell--clued him into the fact that there was no life in this water. Stumbling back from the railing as the boat jerked into motion, Charles held on to the mast, impressed with the speed of the boat. Then he noticed the lack of shipmates and glanced back at the woman. She was still reading the letter, but no one was at the helm. Opening his mouth to inquire about it, she cut him off.“Young, aren’t you?” the captain said, maneuvering the words around a thick, unlit cigar she'd popped into her mouth, handing the letter back. Her voice was permanently loud, and Charles had no trouble hearing her over the harsh sound of the sputtering engine. Cupping her hands around match, she lit the cigar, throwing the match over the side of the boat while she waited for his answer.“Um, I-I'm from the Academy,” he replied unconvincingly by way of explanation, switching his suitcase to his other hand in order to stuff the letter back into his breast pocket.“Oh well, this place’ll take anyone that knows how to shoot a gun and can handle himself.” She uttered a sharp, barking laugh that actually made Charles flinch. “And you don’t look like you can handle yourself, English boy.”This caused a spark of defiance in his eyes. “Like to try me?”The woman stared openmouthed at him before bursting into deafening peals of laughter. “Son,” she shouted over the sputtering and coughing of the boat, “You’re alright!”His answer was drowned out by the huge wail of a foghorn guiding them into a port nearly bleached white with barnacles. That was uncannily fast. Casting a look of suspicion at the captain, who was waving at something behind him, Charles looked up as a stream of men crowded another long dock. Above them, haphazardly exploding from the gnarled mass of stone and dead plant life like a mammoth fortress was the Juniper Mutant Correctional Facility. Charles half expected lightning and thunder, but all he got was a callused hand to pull him onto the dock a little too roughly and a hearty handshake that nearly crushed his entire arm.A large face bombarded his vision and he staggered back, kept from falling only by that death grip on his hand. Then a sharp New England accent, mismatching the face, trumpeted, “Thanks, Louise--let’s hope this one doesn’t make the return trip in a body bag!” The surrounding laughter was raucous. Charles looked almost mournfully back at the tugboat.Louise waved from the prow, winking at him. “Maybe another time I’ll take you on, cutie,” she roared. The men around Charles hooted and hollered like banshees and another man--one with a chest like an oilrig and arms like cedars, pulled Charles into a bone-crushing embrace. He was quickly noticing that all of the other men were roughly three times his size. Lovely.“Xavier,” he said as sternly at he could, hand barely freeing itself from the crushing hug to make a more proper gesture of introduction. “Charles Xavier,” he finished, somewhat lamely now that they all stepped back to look him up and down. Snapping his hand back to his side, he shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot as the silence stretched. Not only were they all three times his size but they all must be at least twenty years his senior.“Well, Xavier,” the oilrig-chested man boomed, “Welcome to Juniper."The man, named Oliver, went through each of their names and Charles barely grasped a single one. He was amused by the fact that they were all one syllable, though. They began to walk up the stairs leading from the dock, sloping stone things that barely registered as lumps beneath his feet. Yet everyone one of the men glided up them and Charles
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Cherik

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con References
Rape Recovery
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Dubious Consent
dubcon
Cherik - Freeform

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Cherik

