Chapter 1





Chapter Text
No one REALLY knew Tony Stark.
They thought they did.
Pepper Potts believed she did.
The media liked to claim everything under the sun about him.
But no one, not even his bodyguard Harold "Happy" Hogan really KNEW who Tony Stark was.
Well... that's a lie now isn't it?
Someone, somewhere, had to know the truth about Tony Stark, other than the man himself that is.
And that someone lived in an otherwise simple, ordinary house with an ordinary door and front garden. In fact, there were two someones who lived there, on Privet Drive, who knew the kind of man Tony Stark really was.
"Mary, darling, you'd best hurry down here before we miss the train!"
"Coming da!" came the reply to the man standing at the bottom of the stairs, waiting with a rather elegant looking steamer trunk. Soon the girl was hurrying down the stairs, a messenger bag slung over her shoulder as she absently sorted through the books and things she had hastily gathered to keep herself busy on her train ride to school. The girl looked around at the bottom of the stairs, frowning. "He's not coming is he?"
"You know he's very busy, especially these days. He'd be here if he could."
"We rarely see him anymore!"
"That doesn't mean he's forgotten or doesn't care. You know how dangerous-"
"I know... I know..."
The man smiled tiredly. He understood her frustration very well. "Come on then," he said after a moment. "Lets get you to London and off to school. I expect a letter by tomorrow morning to tell me about your sorting. And if any of those Weasley brood give you any problems-"
"Remind them that I'm a Grim and like my Black cousins I'm crazy enough to put muggle laxatives in their morning pumpkin juice... but only because you won't let me kill them."
He grinned. "Exactly."
The two left the small home that looked just like all the other small homes on the block by way of a curious method indeed. Despite there being a car out front they need not travel by it if they didn't want to. Instead the man had grabbed a handful of powder from a snuff box on the mantle and threw it into the fireplace causing first green, then purple flames to appear. Calling the name for the destination, he picked up the trunk and stepped in. Only to disappear in a whirl of flame and ash. The girl took a handful of powder and did the same.
Within moments of her stepping through the fire in the fireplace died and the house was still for a time.
When the man returned around an hour later, he sighed, brushed himself off, and went upstairs to get ready for work.

o0o

Tony Stark was not in a good mood all day and no one could really understand why.
He was in meetings – all of which were unavoidable – nearly all day. Constantly checking the time and impatient as hell. His mood was, frankly, abominable to the point even Pepper Potts couldn't sort out what was wrong.
Finally when the meetings were over and the sun was setting, Tony holed himself up in his workshop. Going so far as to ensure the glass walls were tinted so dark no one could see through them. He wanted to be left alone and it had taken everything he had in him not to just start yelling at everyone demanding his time today of all days.
Eventually he tired of tinkering and was about to head up to his private suite when JARVIS notified him of a call on his PRIVATE number. The one that JARVIS had no control over other than to monitor when it would become active. Like a shot, Tony left his private lab and went upstairs to his penthouse suite, ordering JARVIS to lock it down tight as he passed by his spacious sitting space and the floor to ceiling windows that gave him a most stunning view of the city at night. He was practically running for the luxurious bedroom with the far too large for a single person bed in the center of the wall opposite the door.
Where was Tony Stark off to in such a hurry?
Why to his very large walk-in closet of course. Then to the back of it. Then, putting his hand to the smooth, honey brown wood behind his rack of expensive three piece suits, he gave a slight push and stepped into the hidden room to be found there.
It was... much different compared to the rest of the tower – hell different to the rest of everything in Tony's life. The only touch of the modern world was the glassware on some shelves, composition books, ballpoint pens scattered about, and of course a camera just above the door for JARVIS to observe the hidden room. The hidden door was closed and on the far wall was a sight for sore eyes. Tired, but smiling softly.
"I'm sorry I couldn't make it-"
"You never could have come to the platform anyway," said the man on the other end. "Not with your condition."
"I could have at least come to the house and seen her off." He scrubbed a hand down his face as the angle of the view changed. Presumably because the other, smaller device had been moved about as the other man got more comfortable on a rather familiar bed. "God," Tony continued. "She must hate me by now."
"Disappo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Alternate Universe Harry Potter & Harry Potter
Perenelle Flamel & Harry Potter
Background Alt!Harry Potter/Neville Longbottom
Draco Malfoy/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Various MCU characters - Freeform
Time Travelling Harry Potter
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
BAMF!Harry Potter
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Angst
Fluff
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Found Family
Secret Relationship
Secret Children
Royal Harry Potter
Fix-It of Sorts
Omega Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Alpha Harry Potter
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Unplanned Pregnancy
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
not wanda maximoff friendly
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Alternate Universe Harry Potter & Harry Potter
Perenelle Flamel & Harry Potter
Background Alt!Harry Potter/Neville Longbottom
Draco Malfoy/Steve Rogers

