Work Text:
 A technician sets a box of disassembled metal parts in front of him. He takes one careful look, matching the pieces in his head."Identify," Baron Strucker says."This is a STARK Special, M19A1. Forty-five millimeter."He knows the answer is correct when there is no punishment. Instead, Baron Strucker nods."Assemble it," Strucker says.He does.Next, they give him a basic circuit board. The soldering had been clumsily done, leaving the power source disconnected. Obediently, he names the parts and pieces."Fix it," Strucker says.He does.When that is complete, he is given more tasks; an equation he already knows the answer to before the technician has finished writing. A half assembled computer system with its ancient flash memory burned out, that he must identify and fix. A theory on thermonuclear fusion. All simple tasks, all completed flawlessly.Occasionally, Strucker peels off to murmur with the technician who stands in the corner, recording all results on a clipboard. His hearing is keen, and he catches phrases like, "Sustained cognitive ability" and "selective memory erasure".But he has stopped listening because a technician has set a new task in font of him -- an acid test to determine the alloy of a metal plate. The plate itself is shiny, with a reflective quality.He stares down at it, and an unfamiliar face stares back.There is something... wrong with the man in the reflection. Something about the young, taunt skin. There is no hint of gray in his stubble. His brown eyes are blank and dead. Like... like...... like when Steve first brought Bucky back to the tower. The Mechanic stares at the unfamiliar reflection of himself, and he remembers. 
 Tony's far from an alarmist, but he doesn't like what JARVIS has flashed up on the screen -- an image from a rooftop security camera of Barnes leaning on the railing, looking like he's considering that one fatal step.JARVIS shoots the elevator up to the top post-haste and Tony strolls out, the brisk spring wind whipping at his hair. Some people would be decent about it, he supposes. Sensitive. He's just pissed off. "If you jump," he says, "you're just going to make me jump after you, Rose."Barnes turns. His face is that same creepy blank mask that only comes from HYDRA's special kind of attention. His eyes are devoid of life. "Rose?""Titanic? No? You'd think they would have shown that to you -- it's it's own brand of torture."Barnes actually rolls his eyes at him (but hey, there's some life in there at least) and returns to look out over the stunning (very high, and so very deadly) vista. "I like watching the traffic.""The... traffic. Okay? Whatever floats your boat." Tony comes to his side and watches. He gives it a good thirty, maybe forty seconds. "Boring. Bored already. Tell you what. How about you come down to my workshop and let me poke around your arm for a bit."Barnes' voice is dry. "I don't let strange men take apart my arm on the first date."Tony is delighted. It had taken him months to get Steve to unwind enough to tease him back. Then again, from Steve's stories, Bucky Barnes pre-train had always been a smooth talker. (The sun practically rises and sets on Bucky in Steve's opinion, but that's too painful for Tony to think about.)Instead, Tony affects a grin. "Then you've  never been in a workshop with a Stark." Then he thinks about it for a second too long. "You haven't, right? My Dad never--""Careful, Stark. One of us is about to go over this balcony, and it's not me."But when he turns to face him, Bucky's face is more relaxed than it had been before. There's even a hint of a smile as he claps his metal hand, hard and sorta painful, on Tony's shoulder. "Thanks.""What for?""Not treating me like I'm gonna fly apart if you look at me funny," Bucky says, then walks back to the door. Tony looks after him for a moment. Then, "So is that a yes? You, me, your arm?.... Barnes?" 
 A sharp slap across the face brings him back to the present. Baron Strucker is sitting across the table, and his voice is deceptively mild as he says, "Are you well, Mechanic?"No. Who was that man in his memories? Who was he in them? But the Mechanic does not dare pause to search for the answers in his head because Strucker would know. He always knows when something is amiss. "Yes."Strucker must have his doubts because he stares at the Mechanic for a long, long moment. Then, quite deliberately he says, "They are not coming for you."Rage, hot and immediate, boils up in him. It tastes familiar on his tongue. Bitter, like an argument -- a denial screamed over and over until his throat blisteres. You're lying. You're lying. They wouldn't leave me here. I just--The Mechanic swallows it down. Shoves that brash, so-very-alive man who he'd been in his memories away. "Who?" he asks blankly.He knows he has given the right answer when Strucker nods."You are the coming of a new age, Arnim Zola reborn in mind and genius. Your technological advancements for HYDRA will usher us into a new wor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Brainwashing
Mind Control
Memory Loss
Self-Sacrifice
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Hydra are dicks
Pre-Relationship
Threesome - M/M/M
In Media Res

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

