Chapter 1: Should have knocked
    




Chapter Text
Oh fuck.
The first thought to enter your mind as you barged into Natasha’s room without any warning. When you decided you had to show the trained assassin how you had just learnt how to do the very impressive knife flip she was teaching you, you certainly didn’t expect to see what you were seeing. Natasha pinned to the bed, hands tied to the headboard with red tendrils of magic and a young sokavian witch riding the older woman’s strap on.
Oh fuck indeed.
A soft moan snapped you back to reality making you realise you had literally walked in on them having sex and were now currently starring at them. Two sets of piercing eyes met yours and you flushed with embarrassment.
“I..uhh..sorry I willbegoingnownbye!” you blurted out as quick as you possible could and then started to dash to the door. God you wish you had knocked.
“Wait Y/n” groaned one of the women causing you to freeze with your hand on the door handle. Did on one of them say your name or are you hearing things? Yeah you definitely had a crush on both on the women in the room, I mean how could you not? They were both extremely smart, strong, caring and god they were sexy. But was now really the time for your mind to be playing tricks on you?
“Y/n come here” whined Wanda as she continued to grind and roll her hips on Natasha.
Hesitantly you made your way towards the bed, obeying Wanda’s command. Not meeting the eyes of either woman you stumbled over an item of clothing and looked down at it. Ok so it was bad enough to have walked in on them having insanely hot sex but to fall over parts of lingerie scattered on the floor made you groan quietly. This however was not missed by Natasha as her face pulled that signature smirk as she mumbled something into Wanda’s ear causing her make a loud guttural moan. You finally reached the end of the bed still not looking at either women as you were already embarrassed and still had some sense of respect.
“So Y/n how long did you think you could hide it from us?” taunted Wanda a sly smirk plastering her face. Confusion flashed across your face at the question until Natasha  continued,”The lingering looks? The squeezing of your thighs every time one of us would pin you in training? The look of want in your eyes as you practically undressed us with your eyes? “She said her face expressionless causing you to immediately panic.
“I’m sorry I shouldn’t have I didn’t mean to be disrespect-“ a finger placed itself on your lips as you muffled the end of your rambling apology.
“Hush my little one, we haven’t got to the best bit yet,” teased Wanda as you starred at her with a small frown. This would be the death of you.
“There’s something Natasha missed in that little list and that would be your little dirty fantasies about two rather sexy women you work with,” purred Wanda now at your side instead of Natasha’s lap, her fingers gliding up and down your arms.
Whimpering softly at her words, you leaned into her touch and glanced at Natasha, who was now at your other side peeling off your clothes.
Oh. So they’re definitely not mad. You thought as you were now in your underwear in front of the women who both had a hungry gaze in their eyes.
“We want to make those fantasies real Y/n. Is that ok with you?”
“Oh god yes,” you practically moaned, “please”
God you didn’t regret not knocking.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Reader

freeform: 
Lesbian Sex
Strap-Ons
Smut
Teasing
my first more adult fanfic
Light Bondage
Sex Magic
Restraints
Threesome - F/F/F
Tags Are Hard
Sexual Tension
Bondage
Safewords
Consensual Sex
Rough Sex
Hot Sex
Punishment
Praise Kink
Shameless Smut
Gay
Dom/sub Undertones
Reader-Insert
Vaginal Fingering
Fingering
Bratting
reader is a brat
thigh riding
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Orgasm Denial
Orgasm Delay
Face-Sitting
Dom Wanda Maximoff
Dom/sub
Dom Natasha Romanov
Semi-Public Sex
Choking
Kinda
its light
natasha is protective of her food
First Time
Jealousy
Jealous Natasha Romanov
Degrading kink
Car Sex
Spanking
Oral Sex
Sex Toys
Vibrators
Desk Sex
Fluff and Smut
Fluff
In some chapters
Soft Natasha Romanov
Soft Wanda Maximoff

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov/Reader

