Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“It feels like we’re getting a puppy” Peter said excitedly, skipping along the sidewalk. Beside him, Steve rolled his eyes and adopted a more serious tone, which he thought was more fitting for the occasion.“More like getting a grown wolf” he responded, to which Peter promptly stuck his tongue out. The two omegas walked briskly down the street in the lovely spring weather, having run a little late from their collective. The tempting smell of coffee floated from a café they passed, and Steve had to chew his cheek to resist the urge to get a quick espresso.“Jeez Stevie, lighten up will ya? We’re finally picking out our very own alpha. You really should be smiling more” Peter pointed out and gave an exaggerated toothy grin to demonstrate. It had effect however; Steve couldn’t help but laugh. Their collective contained five omegas, and they’d been nesting together for years now. There was their youngest, Peter, who hadn’t passed high school yet but whose beta Aunt thought he might thrive better joining an omega collective early on. And then Steve, of course, functioning as a sort of ‘head of the household’. They had been selected by the others to go and run todays errand. This was partly because Loki had a bit of a problem around alphas and it would be calmer to keep him home for now, and Tony wasn’t much better. They knew full well how their behaviour could piss alphas off, but seeing as they were never near anyone out of their leash, they’d convinced themselves they were invincible or something. It was idiotic. The last member of the collective was Quill, who honestly could be a handful. But mostly, the cheeky omega just came off as cute. Usually they all got by fine on their own. The house they had was a nice one, with a garden and a hammock Tony had built for them, and since all of them were so young still (none past the age of 23), their heats had been manageable. By that, Steve meant that they had gotten by as a group, taking turns helping the omega in need until the worst had passed. Now, however, they had finally saved up a tidy sum to get themselves an alpha. That’s why Steve and Peter were going to the pound today – they had booked an appointment to see what assortment was available, and hopefully leave with the newest addition to the collective. “Loki said we should check his teeth” Peter said as he got distracted by a flower on the sidewalk and bent down to poke at it. Steve tried to resist rolling his eyes again – Loki would say something like that. The sole thing everyone fully agreed on was that they wanted a male, but other than that, the two friends pretty much had free range in pickings.“Why – does he want them extra sharp or something? There might not be an awful lot to choose from” Steve pointed out. They turned a corner and spotted the sign further up saying ‘Alpha Pound’, indicating the government-run establishment. It might seem a strange thing, but for a while now alpha births had been declining. Actually, it had been like this since World War II, and it caused some troubles for omegas who still remained the same. That’s why the collectives had started forming, making it so that an omega could nest with a bunch of others as a safer, healthier way of living after having left their parental homes. Steve had been told in school about how horrible life could be before the 40’s – alphas roamed free, with little to no regulation on how much they could act on their aggressive natures. When bonded with an omega, they practically owned that person by law, and there was no way for an omega to get a divorce to break a bond should their alpha be abusive. Pups were so often mistreated that for a while, it looked as if omegas were the ones declining in numbers since those pups are smaller and weaker than their alpha or beta siblings. So when the last great war ended, a domino effect of political reforms started. A large part of the alpha population in America had been drafted and died as soldiers in both World War I and World War II, and as their status was weakened, the very first beta president was able to be elected. He started the process of diminishing alpha rights and soon after, the first alpha pups were left by their parents to be raised in the pounds. Their violent, aggressive nature became less of a problem when they began being institutionalized from a young age, and it also helped keeping a closer look on the declining birth rates. As a result, the 21st century saw a small but steady population of alphas raised apart from the rest of society, which meant domestic violence on omegas and pups had dropped to an almost non-existing level. Still though…there was no denying omegas needed alphas. Steve was no exception. His last heat had been excruciating – despite Peter licking his bonding gland and Loki keeping one of the fake knotted dildos they had going steadily in and out of him, all the scrawny omega wanted was an alpha to make it stop hurting so much. Therefore 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Peter Quill/Loki
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
a/o/b
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha!Bucky Barnes
Omega!Steve Rogers
omega!Peter Parker
omega!Tony Stark
omega!Loki
Omega!Peter Quill
Heats
Anal Sex
Knotting
Knotting Dildos
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Rimming
Skinny!Steve
Master/Slave
Dominant Bottom
submissive top
Punishment
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Scenting
Collars
Breeding
Bondage and Discipline
Pack Orgies
Pack Dynamics
Past Rape/Non-con
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Dubious Consent
Size Difference
Felching
Past Abuse
Incontinence
Bed-Wetting
Mpreg
Power Bottom
Milking
Male Lactation
Breastfeeding
Watersports (not much but it's there)
Queer Characters
Feminization

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Peter Quill/Loki
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

