Chapter 1: Meeting Your Fate
    




Chapter Text
 Peter knew he shouldn’t have been working. He had so much homework to do, but rent was due and the unexpected cold so close to spring made heating prices skyrocket. May was working all she could, double shifts and all, but New York living was expensive.He took care to shield the pizza box as he sludged through the slop. His shoes were wet and if not for the aforementioned lucky spider-bite, he would have succumbed to illness by this time, both from cold, seasonal viruses, and lack of sleep.Ben’s life insurance hadn’t arrived, and a single income was hard to live on. If it weren’t for his admission to Midtown Tech on a scholarship, they would have moved somewhere cheaper. It would have been painful as they were both New Yorkers at heart. New clothes when he was growing in every direction wasn’t cheap either and he did not want to bother May about it. He was a wiz at thrift shopping. “Got pizza for-” Peter checked the receipt. “Joseph Stalin.” He gave the bouncer a flat look. “Superman is hungry tonight?” The bouncer returned his flat look. Peter sighed. “Stalin, Man of Steel, Superman -” he recited, hoping the guy would get the joke. “Look man, I just want to deliver this?” “Office is up the stairs, above the bar,” the bouncer grunted and moved the rope. Peter gave the man a short salute and headed into the damp club. The heat hit him in the face like the steam from a sauna. Smelly steam. He didn’t have much trouble pushing through the crowd. People were drunk and he was strong enough to protect the pizza adequately. He did not, however, have enough hands to protect both the pizza and himself from hungry people. He knocked on the door, but knew better than to think whoever was in there could hear him. He pushed the door open and saw the club owner being sucked off. Peter cringed awkwardly but came in anyhow. It might be his last delivery, it was nearly two am and he wanted to go home. “Sir-” he announced himself. The man looked up at him with bleary and lazy eyes. He gestured to his desk and tossed over some coupons. “Have a few drinks on the house.” Then promptly ignored, Peter grabbed the coupons from the sticky table and turned on his heel. He smacked the door closed behind him and stood gazing out on the pulsing crowd. He hesitated as he considered which way to go. The music was very loud, and the smell wasn’t great either. The prospect of going back out into the cold wasn’t very appealing, especially as he was wet. An attempt for a beer and an hour to warm up wouldn’t kill him tomorrow. He’d gotten by on less sleep. He’d call it a mental health break.Slipping past people, he made his way down to the bar. He held up the coupon to the bartender. “Yeah?” The bartender leaned forward to hear better. “Surprise me,” Peter replied. The bartender barely managed to refrain from rolling his eyes, but the clench of his jaw made it obvious that Peter was not the first to ask for a drink that required thinking on his behalf. “Cocktail or beer?” “Beer,” Peter replied. With a relieved sigh, the bartender ducked into a fridge and picked out a bottle with a fancy-looking label. “Thanks,” he nodded and released his spot to the next customer. The man was older, wore a sleek red shirt, and he smelled divine. The man turned and briefly stumbled as someone pushed him, resulting in a probably unintentional full body rub that was only prevented a full face plant by Peter’s enhanced stability.Thank you spider. “Hey - what are you drinking?” The man shouted in his ear.  Peter turned and saw a face that was vaguely familiar. It was dark, and the man had beautiful dark features. Peter held his bottle up and let the man take a sip. The glass slid against red lips, condensation from the bottle rubbed on sweaty skin. His eyes flickered to his mouth, lips releasing the glass, tongue slipping out to catch a drop. Peter could hear his own heartbeat in his head as he surged forward to catch it instead. The man grunted in surprise but willingly opened his mouth to let Peter lick into his mouth. “You took the first sip,” he explained breathlessly, hardly believing where his own impulse had taken him. #Tony couldn’t quite believe himself, but here he was. Bumping into a guy, tripping over his own damned feet and the guy had seemed quite welcoming to Tony rubbing upon him. It wasn’t really something a lot of guys appreciated. Not that it was something Tony made a habit of. Ever. But as he’d been saved from falling on his ass, it was only courtesy to buy the guy a drink, but instead of getting a desired order, he got a bottle to his lips. The beer tasted like Malibu, like beach and pineapple, sun and summer. Some dripped down his lip, and then a foreign pair of lips were on his own. “Kiss was better than the beer,” he replied and dove in for another. Peter didn’t appreciate the angle and pushed back. He cupped Tony’s neck, took his beer back, and yanked him in more comfortably. With a squeak 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Top Peter Parker
Bottom Tony Stark
dacrylagnia
Mild S&M
Aged-Up Peter Parker
Break Up
Marriage
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Heartache
Underage Sex
tony doesn't know
Pre-Iron Man 1
Implied/Referenced Cheating
Cockwarming
Sleepy/Unconscious Sex
Sex Toys Under Clothing
Daddy Kink
ddlb
Subspace
Secret Relationship
Semi-secret relationship
Semi-Public Sex
primal kink
Praise Kink
Fisting
First Time
Peter Parker is good at evading the truth

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

