Chapter 1: The Tri-Wizard Tournament
    




Chapter Text

Steve Rogers.
The mere mention of him prompts wistful sighs from the highest peak of Ravenclaw Tower to the lowest pits of the Slytherin dungeons. Gryffindors love him for his nerve. No one else can talk Professor Phillips into a corner quite like Rogers can, and he won’t stop until Phillips admits that the injustices which wizards claim against the Muggles are the exact same which wizards continue to perpetuate against other magical creatures. “The House Elves in the kitchen, for example, Professor Phillips? The giants in Romania? Or how about the Centaurs in the Forbidden Forest, sir?” Oh yeah, Rogers will go red in the face over just about anything.Hufflepuffs admire his loyalty to his friends and his dedication to creating safe outlets for wizarding students within the walls of Hogwarts. His Muggle Born and Pure Blood Relations club has been a resounding success and his influence is the sole reason why you’re likely to catch the sons and daughters of prestigious Pure Blood families donning t-shirts boasting everything from One Direction to Mountain Dew. Ravenclaws admire his quiet intelligence. His grades aren’t quite as gilded as his reputation, but there isn’t a Ravenclaw alive that can call Steve dim witted. Sometimes, on a particularly rainy Sunday morning, Steve can be found in a battle of riddles with The Grey Lady over breakfast. Rarely does he ever win, but that’s more a testament to The Grey Lady’s brilliance than to Steve’s limitations, though every once in a while he’ll stump her and she’ll smile a slow, awed smile before rising from the table and drifting away. But of all the houses, it is perhaps Slytherin house who most reveres Steve Rogers. Their head of house, Professor Darkhölme, watches him with her haunting yellow eyes and often wonders how it could have been that Steve didn’t end up in her house. At least once a week there’s a student in Madame Temples’s office with some small injury claiming it to be the work of Steve Rogers. More often than not it’s a series of heinous warts protruding from their forehead, labeling them ‘MISOGYNIST’ or ‘PURIST’ or ‘RACIST’ in painful looking blemishes, though Rogers has never been too good for a classic right hook, either. Steve is practically a Slytherin hero, seeing as how he’s lost Gryffindor more house points than any other student combined for the past six years running.When asked about his reputation as Hogwarts’ resident vigilante, Steve will blush from his cheeks to his chest and deny it, never one to toot his own horn. He leaves all the tooting to Sam, who’s always more than happy to gloat about how his best friend tore all the assigned gender signs off the bathroom doors in a sign of support for non-binary students.Steve prides himself not on his actions, which he believes are a sign of humanity more than heroism, but on the fact that most everyone in Hogwarts considers him a friend. There’s not a person who wanders the halls of Hogwarts who doesn’t know Steve Rogers: the boy with the righteous streak, hot temper, and massive crush on the Romanian Longhorns’ star Chaser, James “Bucky” Barnes. Steve didn’t let that last part slip himself. That was the work of Clint and his big fucking mouth. And it’s not a crush, its admiration! As Keeper and Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team himself, he can certainly appreciate Barnes’s technique and control of his broom and his…ball handling…Alright, so it’s a crush. One that Steve’s had since his fifth year when Barnes first joined the Longhorns roster and shot to immediate stardom after scoring 570 points his rookie year. To say Steve is enamored would be an understatement, especially after the stunt Barnes pulled at the Quidditch World Cup when he’d charmed his uniform to proudly boast the colors of the bisexual flag following a rather nasty disagreement with his management about the nature of his relationships. Barnes scored 170 points that night, a poignant middle finger to anyone who thought his sexuality had anything to do with his ability to perform. Steve dropped ten galleons on a Barnes jersey the next day.But it didn’t stop there. Following the World Cup, Barnes went on to campaign for the ethical treatment of the dragons from which his team drew their namesake. It has since become unlawful for Longhorns to be poached or placed in captivity, due in no small part to Barnes’s advocacy. Then there was the march on The Ministry that Barnes had organized in an effort to bring attention towards the lack of proper education allotted to non-Wizard folk. He made headlines when he dropped nearly 20,000 galleons of his own money to found the first ever school for House Elves looking to improve both their magic and their minds.It’s easy to forget sometimes that Barnes is older than Steve only by a couple of months. When he’s not on the Quidditch pitch or saving kittens from trees, Barnes attends Durmstrang Institute. He, too, will be return
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Hogwarts
Romantic Comedy
Tropes
Celebrity Crush
Crush at First Sight
Matchmaking
Flirting
Mutual Pining
References to MCU
Marvel Cameos
X-Men Cameos
Social Justice Warrior Steve Rogers
Social Justice Warrior Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers

