Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It comes with the territory, really: three baby sisters, with a mother as indulgent as theirs is—sometimes—so yeah. Bucky knows the story. Bucky could tell the story himself, if he had to—and he’d pause in all the right places, too; he’d lower his voice, and flutter his eyelashes at the goopy-sugar parts, and Becca’d sigh and Margey would giggle and Betsy’d throw herself back onto the bed with a grin and wriggle her toes beneath the blankets because they’d all be just so taken with the romance of it all: so, yeah.It’s not that Bucky cares much for it, really, on his own. For himself. Because he doesn’t. It’s all just hearts-and-flowers mumbo-jumbo. And it’s not like everyone’s even got one to worry about, so it’s stupid to sit around thinkin’ on it so hard only to have it be a wash, in the end. Stupid. That’s what it is, mostly. Fairytales.He’s got three baby sisters, though. And girls, y’know. They ask after that kinda stuff constantly. Can’t get enough of it, eat it up like nothing else. So yeah; he knows the story.But it ain’t like he’d had a choice in the matter. So, there.Right.“But momma,” and Bucky’s eyes almost fall right out their sockets with the way he rolls ‘em, sticks out his tongue to nobody when he hears Margey whining through thin walls, when he flattens his hand onto the book on his lap and mouths exaggeratedly along with the familiar script: “How do ya know?”And Bucky don’t make fun at the way his momma laughs, ‘cause that’s rude, but he could do it. The point is that he’s heard it just like this, after just that question and before just what’s gonna come so many times that he could copy it with just the same basics, if not the same magic.‘Cause it’s his momma, after all.“Well,” and Bucky knows exactly how his mother’s voice will drop before it does: conspiratorial, and Bucky knows how she leans in like she’s telling her babies a secret, and Bucky doesn’t smile when he thinks about it, when he thinks about the wonder in his baby sisters’ eyes. No, he absolutely does not smile to think of that sort of sappiness. He’s just got something in his teeth from dinner. Just, y’know. Baring his teeth, so he can work it out.“The biggest mistake people make is going about thinking like it’s a thing that you know you’re missing, when that’s not the case at all, really.” And Bucky likes that Momma starts it that way—Bucky likes that she gives all the dumb people what-for, because he doesn’t think nobody’s missing nothing, just ‘cause they’ve got a soulmate they haven’t found yet, or maybe they don’t got a soulmate at all. He hasn’t found his soulmate yet, if one’s out there for him, and Bucky don’t like his life any worse or better for that fact. And Steve ain’t got one yet, either, s’far as Bucky knows—and Bucky’d know, if Stevie found his soulmate. He’d definitely know. They’re best friends, they’d tell each other. They tell each other everything.And Stevie, well. Stevie’s not half of anything. Stevie is all of the good things. All of ‘em. None of ‘em halved, neither.So he likes that his momma starts the story like that.Or else, he would like it. If he cared at all about a stupid story about stupid soulmates.Which he doesn’t. Not really.Don’t matter to him one bit.“You never know it’s not there, so there’s no use at all trying to figure out where the little hole you’ve got is, trying to tease out where you’ll feel all warm and full and right all of a sudden, when you meet ‘em.” And Bucky, well—he’s a curious type, you understand. Thinks all the time. Real intelligent-like, if he’s honest. So the fact that he’s never tried to figure out where he’s got an empty-space where his soulmate’s gonna slot in some day, that’s kind of a given.Steve asked him, though. Once. Asked if Bucky thought maybe his soulmate could slot in somewhere that’d prop up his lungs, or straighten his spine, or steady his heart. Steve’d been only just getting his breath back after the asthma came and took it from him, so Bucky figures that’s why he said it. Steve’s real smart, see. But Bucky’d told Steve he didn’t need no soulmate to be better’n just about anybody, weak insides or strong ones. Told Steve he’d be holding up and straightening out and steadying whoever was lucky enough to be his match. Bucky’d said as much, and Steve never said another word about it, just worked at breathing slower, more even.Bucky didn’t leave his side, didn’t take his hand away from Steve’s shoulder ‘til his face wasn’t quite so red; ‘til his chest didn’t heave quite so fast. And in the end, Steve was fine. Steve didn’t need a soulmate to be just fine.“Some people used to swear the world was brighter, that they could see colors better, or that a new freckle’d show up on their skin, that matched their mate’s,” Momma says, and Bucky knows she’s shaking her head as she does. “But that’s all just conjecture, just silly nonsense, it’s not like that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Bioresonant Soulmates
Bioresonance
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Miscommunication
Angst
Mutual Pining
Which Neither of These Idiots Notices
True Love
Schmoop
Angsty Schmoop
Eventual Happy Ending
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Heartbeats
Soul Bond
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

