Work Text:
Debriefings were one of the things that Tony hated the most about being an Avenger. Most of the time he managed to avoid having to sit through the mind numbing boredom - it was pretty hard for someone to stop him from getting away when he was in the suit - but this time, the thrusters in the left leg had been blown to bits by a lucky hit. He wouldn't be able to fly anywhere until he got the chance to fix it. Which was why he was stuck sitting at the huge oval table with the rest of the team, waiting for the moment when Fury would decide to grace them all with his presence. So far that hadn't happened, probably because Fury was an asshole who liked to flaunt his power in increasingly annoying ways, and Tony was rapidly passing the point of tired and headed full steam towards passing out on the table unless he got some coffee in the next ten minutes.Actual coffee, that is. Not the sludge that SHIELD claimed passed as coffee."You know," he commented to no one in particular, "I could bill SHIELD a lot of money for the past hour alone. My time is expensive.""No one is happy to be here," Steve said, shooting him a look of disapproval. "But this is important.""I don't see why," Tony muttered. "I was there for the whole battle. I know what happened already."Steve's look intensified into a Look, but the door opened before he could respond. Fury strode inside, coat billowing dramatically. Coulson and Hill were right behind him. All three of them sat in the last remaining seats."Talk," Fury ordered."It was a standard fight," Natasha said after a beat of silence."There's nothing standard about a 50 feet ant, Agent Romanov.""We first became aware of the problem when Jarvis alerted us at 21:00," Steve began. What followed was a rundown of the past six hours that somehow managed to make a battle with a 50 foot ant that spewed acid sound boring. It was quite the gift that Captain Rogers possessed, really. Fury listened carefully. Hill was jotting down notes. Coulson had been there for the whole thing, even though you'd never know it from his impeccable suit, but he was listening too. The other Avengers chimed in from time to time, but Tony remained quiet.Right up until Steve got to the end of the story. "And then Iron Man -""And then Thor threw his hammer through the ant's head, the end," Tony cut in. "Are we done yet?""Stark," Coulson said warningly."I'm just saying, the ant's dead. SHIELD gets to do clean-up. I get to foot the bill for the hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of damage. Everybody wins." Tony stood up. "I'm outta here."Clint, Bruce and Thor all got up at the same time. Natasha and Steve were slower to follow. Fury scowled, but didn't protest as the six of them trooped out of the room. No doubt he'd planned to spend several more hours hashing out what had happened, what had been done right vs. what hadn't, and why, but Tony just wasn't cut out for that. He needed to get back to the workshop to fix the suit a.s.a.p. and then crash for a while.On the way back to the jet, Steve caught up and stopped him with a hand to his shoulder. "Stark.""Yeah, Cap?""Why didn't you let me finish?""Because you'd already been talking for like an hour?" Tony said warily, glad that he couldn't feel Steve's hand through the armor. "If you want to tell stories, by all means go ahead, just don't expect me to sit there while you do it.""But I left out what you did," Steve said, and he looked so fucking earnest about it. Tony almost laughed."Don't let it keep you up all night. It's not like it would matter.""What do you mean?"Tony almost, almost walked away. With anyone else, he wouldn't have had to bother explaining. But there was something about Steve's blue eyes that kept him rooted in place, and slowly the words began to spill out."No one cares what I do, Cap," he said, spreading his arms for emphasis. "I'm the guy that people love to hate. Merchant of death, most famous mass murderer in the history of America, liar, butcher, guilty, narcissistic, compulsive, volatile, self-obsessed. I've been called just about every name in the book, and a few that people have invented just for me. So don't waste your breath telling them about me or what you think I did. It's not going to change a damned thing.""But..." Steve trailed off, his eyebrows pulling together in bewilderment. "You saved a whole block of people. They would be dead right now if it weren't for you.""Yeah, well, when you got as much red in your ledger as I do, that doesn't really matter, Cap. Unless it's something bad that people can jump all over me for, no one gives a shit. It's just the way it is." He stepped backwards, letting Steve's hand slide from his shoulder. "Like I said. Don't waste your breath."Steve opened his mouth and then closed it. Tony figured that meant the conversation was done. Maybe now Steve would actually stop trying to drag him to debriefings. He turned around and headed down the hall to catch the plane before Clint decided to leave wit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Angst
Fluff
Praise Kink
compliments
compliment kink
Tony's bad reputation
Protective Steve Rogers
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Wake Up Call
Self-Esteem Issues
self hatred
praise sex
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Fingering
handjob
Blowjobs
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
flustered Tony
ALL THE FLUFF
hard conversations
Emotional Discomfort
see notes for details

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

