Chapter 1: I
    


Summary:

In which Ben and May Parker end up with two boys to raise.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
April 2005
     May Parker opens the door surprised by the late-night visit, “Richard, Mary, what are you doing here?” She asks.
     “Quick, we don’t have much time,” Richard Parker says entering the house followed by his wife and son Peter.
     “What’s going on?” Ben Parker asks walking into the foyer.
     “We have a last-minute business trip, and we don’t have enough time to call the sitter.  Can we leave Peter here, please keep him safe for us,” Richard replies quickly not looking for an answer.
     “Bye sweetie be good for your Aunt and Uncle, okay,” Mary Parker says kneeling in front of Peter.  She kisses him on the forehead and stands up, “We’ll see you soon.”
     “Bye May, bye Ben, take good care of Peter,” Richard says before walking out the door.
     “Stay safe,” May replies trying to be positive.
     The next person who came to their door was an unnamed man in a suit who told them Richard and Mary Parker had died in a plane crash.  They attended a small funeral the next day, and everything went back to normal.
August 2005
     That summer, the Parkers gained another member.  Ben Parker opens the door to their apartment to find a man in a wheelchair next to a boy with wavy black hair.
     “Hello, I’m Mr. Brunner from the social services, this is Perseus Parker, your nephew.  His mother was killed in a car crash last week.  Since you are his only living relative, we were hoping you could take him in,” the man in the wheelchair explains.
     “Of course,” Ben replies looking over the boy, he didn’t even know Sally had any children, much less was living in the city.
     “We have all his information here,” Mr. Brunner says handing Ben a folder, “since he was expelled from his last school, I suggest enrolling him in Meriwether College Prep.  It’s a progressive school, good for kids with ADHD like Percy here.  Also, he attends Camp at Delphi Strawberry Services which is a camp for kids with ADHD on Montauk.  I was told you could reach them here for more details.”  The man then hands Ben a business card with a phone number and address on it.
     “Ok, thank you for all that information,” Ben says a little overwhelmed.
    “You’re welcome, okay Percy be good for your Aunt and Uncle, and have fun,” Mr. Brunner says before leaving a confused uncle and his nephew alone on the doorstep.
     They attended the even smaller funeral of Sally Parker the next day and May and Ben Parker went on with life never knowing the strange turns their life would take.




Notes:

If this story seems familiar, that's because this is a rewrite of my fic Brothers.  There will be more changes further on so enjoy!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Annabeth Chase & Percy Jackson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Magnus Chase/Alex Fierro
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Percy Jackson & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Percy Jackson & Tony Stark
Percy Jackson & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crossover
Alternate Universe
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Camp Half-Blood (Percy Jackson)
Avengers Tower
Battle of New York (Marvel)
Battle of Manhattan (Percy Jackson)
Sokovia Accords
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Civil War (Marvel)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie) Spoilers
The Tower of Nero (Trials of Apollo) Spoilers
The Burning Maze (Trials of Apollo) Spoilers
Big Brother Percy Jackson
Percy jackson is an AVENGER

fandom: 
Annabeth Chase & Percy Jackson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Magnus Chase/Alex Fierro
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Percy Jackson & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Percy Jackson & Tony Stark
Percy Jackson & Steve Rogers

