Work Text:
Steve face-plants into bed beside Bucky at 3:47 am.  He’s only managed to get half out of his uniform, and there’s dried blood caked in his hair.  Bucky feels around on his head, just to make sure the blood’s nothing serious, and then settles back down, letting Steve snuggle into his neck.
“Alright?” Bucky whispers.
Steve grunts.  “Lost my phone earlier today.”
“Hmm.  Stark tracking it?”
“Not my SHIELD phone.  Just my personal phone.”  Steve burrows further into Bucky, yawning.  “I can track it on the laptop.”
“Tomorrow,” Bucky murmurs, already slipping back into sleep now that Steve’s warm and heavy beside him.
“Tomorrow,” Steve agrees.
 
“I turned on the GPS tracking and it’s not showing anything,” Steve explains to Tony.  “Does that mean it’s turned off?”
“Turned off, dead, yeah.” Tony shrugs.  “I’ll set up an alert, in case it comes back on.  But it’s probably gone forever.  Most likely the person who took it’s going to jail-break it and use it, so all the data’s going to be wiped once they do—you’re welcome, world, for protecting your identities from phone thieves—but there was nothing classified on there, right?”
Steve shakes his head.  “Just my personal phone.  Had all my music and pictures on it, though,” he adds, chagrined.
“Well, you backed it up to your internet storage, didn’t you?”  Tony’s voice is already laced with judgment.
“Yes,” Steve rolls his eyes.  “But I had some new stuff on there I hadn’t backed up yet.”
“Oh, come on, how many pictures of the American flag do you really need?”
Steve flips Tony off as he leaves the lab and Tony blows him a kiss in return.  Not even half an hour later, a Stark Industries intern brings Steve a new phone for personal use, without all the thumbprint scanners and encryption security devices they use on their Avengers phones, and he thanks her and mostly forgets about losing his old one, except when he can’t remember the name or any of the lyrics to that new song he found and wants to listen to again.
Two weeks later, he remembers about his old phone.  Oh, does he ever.
“Our top story tonight is the anonymous data uploaded to the social media site reddit claiming to be from one of the Avengers’ phones,” the newscaster tells the camera with a raised eyebrow.  “So far it’s not entirely clear which Avenger the phone belongs to, but from the content of the phone it seems pretty plausible it’s really one of the heroes.”
“Ah, man,” Steve groans.  Bucky turns up the volume and shoots Steve a sympathetic glance as pictures Steve recognizes—because he took them—start popping up on the screen.
Everyone gathered around in party hats for Sam’s birthday.  Tony and Pepper slow dancing in the lab.  Bruce in the lotus pose, balancing a glass of water on his head, eyes closed but smile wide.  Clint and Natasha doing some kind of acrobat move that involves Natasha balancing effortlessly on one leg on one of Clint’s outstretched arms.  Thor playing whiffle ball with Mjolnir as a bat, his head tipped back as he laughs.  Rhodey and Darcy swing dancing.  Sam, Bucky, and Natasha, their faces pressed together and their tongues out from a time they’d stolen Steve’s phone and taken about fourteen selfies.  Clint and Bucky having a shooting competition down at the range, and then Bucky triumphantly grinning and holding up his score sheet with Clint mock-glaring in the background.  Peggy and Sharon making the exact same face, the only difference the wrinkles lining Peggy's.  Jane and Tony arguing over something, both in lab coats, with Bruce edging out the door.
“Speculation is heavy that this is Captain America’s phone,” the host goes on.  “For one, most people believe none of the other Avengers would lose their phone—”
“Excuse you,” Bucky mutters, offended on Steve’s behalf.
“But mostly because of all the pictures of Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes.”
They slide up one by one.  Steve and Bucky frowning grumpily at a Yankees sign.  Bucky walking on a wooded path, looking over his shoulder to smile softly at the camera.  Steve and Bucky wearing goofy 2016 glasses on New Year’s Eve.  Steve and Bucky posing in front of the Howling Commandos monument.  Bucky sticking his finger up statue-Morita’s nose.  Steve and Bucky playing with a puppy, laughing as it licks Bucky’s face.  Steve and Bucky arm-wrestling.  Steve and Bucky wearing matching Disneyland mouse ears, pressing their faces close together.
“There are already websites devoted to memorializing the pictures, as well as the songs on the phone.  The playlists have been made available on multiple song-sharing sites.”
“Well, at least those artists will get some more exposure,” Steve tries to see the bright side.
“Most shocking, however, are the text message conversations on the phone.”
Steve feels his whole body freeze.  His private photos are one thing; he uploads a lot of them to his official Instagram account, anyway, and they’re all harmless.  But everyone reading his texts?
“What the fuck,” Bucky spits.  “I want to fin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Past Torture
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Dick Pics

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

