Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Bucky wakes up, Lorraine is already pulling her shoes onto her feet. He must make a noise or a sudden movement, because she looks up through her curtains of blonde hair and announces, “Last night was incredible,” in her low, husky voice. She’s smart enough not to continue and say something like ‘Can I see you again?’, and Bucky appreciates her for it.Possibly because he’s just woken up, and also possibly because he knows what tomorrow is, he follows her progress to the bedroom door and says, “You wanna do this again tonight?” Waking up alone on Christmas is a bit of a bummer, and he’s done it often enough in the last fifteen years to know it. It’s been a very long time since any of his romantic liaisons could be considered anything but a hookup, but having another warm body to wake up to on Christmas is a luxury that he’ll allow himself. James Barnes isn’t in the habit if denying himself luxuries.Lorraine stops in the doorway, turns half around and favors him with a bemused smirk. “It’s Christmas Eve, James.”Bucky sits up in bed and raises an eyebrow. “All the more reason. ‘Tis the season to be jolly.”She chuckles. It’s reminiscent of a cat. “I have to visit my parents. In Boston. I’m heading to the train station now.” She rakes a hand through her hair, which bounces right back into its elegant, cascading waves down her chest and back. Sometimes Bucky still wonders how women do that, how they go to bed after sex looking taken apart and debauched, and wake up the next morning without a hair out of place. “I’ll be back in New York on the 27th, if you want to do something for New Year’s.”With a smile to signal no hard feelings kept, Bucky says, “Yeah, sounds great. I’ll call you.” He hasn’t given his number to someone on a personal basis in about ten years. If he changes his mind, he has the option of just not calling.Lorraine’s mouth curls at the corners, like she’s aware of exactly what he’s up to (and he wouldn’t be surprised; she’s a professional woman as well, has probably told her fair handful of guys the exact same thing) but she still blows him a kiss on her way out the door. Part of him is tempted to perform some antic, catch it out of the air and hold it to his chest, but he hasn’t done anything like that since college, when he was still Bucky Barnes to others and not just his own internal monologue.He doesn’t dwell on this thought. It’s just not something he does. Instead, he gets out of bed and makes himself a cup of coffee (An underling gave him a Keurig for his birthday two years ago, no doubt trying to suck up without any regard for subtlety, but it’s been a godsend all the same) and eats a breakfast bar in two bites. It wakes him up, makes him feel a bit more alive and helps to clear the residual fuzziness that two glasses of campaign and one of cognac left him with last night. For the next hour, he jogs on the treadmill set in front of his living room windows, smart phone on some special holster that clips to the display (another bribe) so that he can scroll through the relevant websites.Halfway through this morning ritual of scroll-jog-scroll, a call comes through on a number he doesn’t recognize. It’s local, but then so are a lot of wrong numbers. He refuses it with barely a thought, barely a pause in his gait, and pants, “If it’s important, you’ll leave a message.” He can almost hear his mother saying it even as it comes out his own mouth, years of her yelling at the phone when it rang during dinner time, Bucky giggling around a mouthful of tuna casserole.He finishes his jog without further interruptions, grabs a towel and lumbers into the bathroom. As he showers, the lyrics to Have a Holly Jolly Christmas leave his lips without his strict permission, but it’s one of those songs that you can’t help but listen to four times a day between November 1st and December 31st. He turns his head towards the spray of water, like a turkey in the rain, to drown out the sound of his own singing.His closet is a walk-in, roughly twelve by fourteen feet; probably about the size of the living room in the house where he grew up. One entire wall is just suits in varying shades of black, dark grey and navy. This morning, he selects a dark grey number, because the grey matches his winter coat better, and carries it with him back into the bedroom, drapes at the end of his bed. In the mirror, he shaves and styles his hair (Checking for grays which he doesn’t have, but it’s a habit; his mother started going grey at thirty and he’s thirty-six) into the slicked-back look he prefers. He spends a moment posturing into the mirror because Bucky Barnes will admit to being a lot of things, and his vanity is…admittedly not one of them, but it’s something that he has inwardly come to terms with.Strangely, he hasn’t always been this way. There was a time before all of this, before becoming junior vice president and then senior vice president and then president of the company, when he would roll
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peggy Carter/Gabe Jones
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Domestic
Kid Fic
Alternate Timelines
Married Couple
Catholic Characters
Inspired by a Movie
Christmas
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peggy Carter/Gabe Jones
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

