Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He is a dear man and Peggy loves--loves--her children, and their home is very nice and the neighborhood is very beautiful.But she is positively, irritatingly, bored.Daniel sits across from her reading the paper and he must sense her eyes on him because he looks up. Smiles. Sips his juice. Peggy is completely bored."Exciting day," he asks. Work discussions can be…trying sometimes. She's the director of the largest intelligence organization in the western world. He's an analyst for the newly formed CIA. Their jobs aren't comparable. At his dinner parties everyone assumes she's retired and raising their children (with the aid of a lovely nanny). At her dinner parties people talk to Daniel slowly. As if he were simple.So in addition to being bored Peggy is also, perhaps, wrapped up in a marriage full of contentiousness. They do sleep in seperate bedrooms afterall.She smiles at her husband and sips her tea. "Lovely I hope."He nods. Tilts his head. Continues drinking his juice as he stares at his paper. "Hey, didn't you used to live next to her?"He turns the newspaper around so she can see a picture of a stunning woman who was always rather addictively ordinary but never ever boring. Angie.Now Angela. Because she's changed. She's not the girl working late at the automat and beating on Peggy's door for late night sessions of "gab."Now she's Angela--Angela Carter.Her new film is premiering in New York and according to the headline people are anticipating the announcement of a proposal. "COULD IT BE LOVE" is splayed over the top of the photo. Apparently much of the United States wants Angie marrying some idiot actor named Tab.Oh. She squints. There is actually a bland looking skinny boy in a tux standing by Angie.It makes something unexpected clinch up inside of Peggy.Which isn't fair. Angie is free to live her life however she chooses. Peggy's given up any right to comment when she left her sleeping on a couch in front of a grand fire place at Howard Stark's Long Island estate."You remember her," Peggy is surprised by Daniel's question. She didn't think he'd had even met Angie-- "I remember telling her you died back before SHIELD. She was broken up about it."Of course.That would be natural. They'd just spent a night together that still makes Peggy blush.She dips her ridged spoon into the flesh of the grapefruit in front of her. Eats sans sugar. The tartness claws at her tongue and tries to draw her cheeks together.She says simply, "We used to drink schnapps together and chat about our day." She takes the paper from him and studies Angie. She's done away with the girlish curls she wore when Peggy knew her. Her hair is now sleek and styled. In the photo it's in a twist. No doubt to show off the expensive earrings and necklace she's wearing.But.But Angie doesn't look happy. Peggy can see that. She's a spy. Her training--her very life--has been devoted to reading other people. So she can look at this innoncent picture of Angie Martinelli and know beyond any shadow of a doubt that Angie's not happy."I was very fond of her."Daniel looks sympathetic, "She still think you're…"She nods. "A necessity. Leviathan and all that."They can't talk more about it. Daniel doesn't have the clearance to discuss Leviathan further and their nanny is walking in with the twins on each hip, and she still thinks Peggy and Daniel work for the State Department.She snaps the newspaper into a fold and hands it back. She kisses her children goodbye, gives her husband a peck on the cheek and meets her driver outside.For half the day she stares out the window tapping the tip of her pen against her chin and trying not to think of Angie Martinelli.Normally it isn't hard. She has children she cares a great deal for and a job that often consumes her and a husband who…well, they're fond of one another."How 'bout friends," he once said when she confessed that she'd had enough great loves in her life and wasn't about to add him to the list.Sometimes she pities her husband. It must be hard living in the shadow of Captain America and sharing a home with a woman very much in love with another woman.One whom she hasn't spoken to since 1946.They've a new president now. And Peggy's director of SHIELD. And Angie has an Oscar.And a Tony.And fans. Whole legions of them.She certainly doesn't need one more.Peggy has a whole cadre of televisions on one wall. They play broadcasts from all over the country. Piping them in and displaying them in fuzzy black and white.A swath of grayscale passes along one screen and Peggy has to stand. Come closer. Sometimes, from her desk, it's too hard to make out who's on screen.She looms over the TV sets and her hands are wrapped around her middle and her fingers are digging into her side.Because there's Angie again. This time it's a movie. That dreadful domestic drama that won her her Academy Award."Janet," Peggy calls. Her protege, still in school but too clever to be there long, hurries into the room. "Ye
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
international women of mystery
Cold War
Femslash
rampaaaaaaaaaage

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

