Work Text:
Captain America was just where Director Fury had said he would be; viciously attacking a punch bag in the gym, which was surprisingly low-tech and lacking in efficient purpose for a SHIELD establishment. Pepper paused on the threshold for a moment, to admire the flexing muscles of back and shoulder. He'd been at it long enough to work up a sweat, and his t-shirt clung as if he'd been vacuum-packed into it. The moment stretched, only the impact of fists on bag, and his sneakers squeaking on the floor breaking the silence. Pepper might have carried on watching for a long time, but a hiccup escaped her throat; he spun round, balanced on the balls of his toes, and Pepper exchanged appreciative look for bright introductory smile. He took a step back, and Pepper dimmed the brightness a few levels. Possibly she should have refused that last drink, but Director Fury had been so politely insistent."Good afternoon, Captain," she said in a happily-steady tone. "I'm Mr Stark's - " she almost said personal assistant out of years of habit, almost corrected to girlfriend, decided technical boss would lead to confusion, and settled on " - friend." Captain America favoured her with a confused glower that really wasn't very intimidating, with the pouty mouth and big, confused eyes. She had a vague urge to pinch his cheek, although that might have been the espresso Martini talking."Did he send you?""Well, no," she admitted, and he turned to glare at the punch bag again. "Director Fury suggested I might want to try getting you two to re-open diplomatic relations." Director Fury had taken her out to a very nice lunch, been far more charming than Tony's descriptions of him had led her to believe possible, and then benevolently invited her to do exactly what she'd been wanting to do for a fortnight.She'd have a word with JARVIS about moving his calls up the priority list. He clearly had their best interests at heart, after all.    She stepped into the room and walked round the Captain in a wide circle so she could see his expression, which was dubious. Seeing his chest outlined by damp white cotton was just a bonus."Well, maybe I don't want to," Captain America poked at the gym floor with his toe, scowling. "He said I was - ""I think we can all agree that things were said that shouldn't have been," Pepper gave him a stern look, and he drooped. Technically, he'd taken the step to out-and-out aggression, but Tony had been deliberately needling him for an hour. Still, if he couldn't handle Tony, he was never going to survive being on a superhero team. He'd be all over the gutter press the first time he lost his temper with a reporter. "I was thinking that you, being the better man and all, might want to take the first step - ""No," he interrupted. Pepper glared. He scowled. That was unhelpful. Tony had been sulking steadily since the blowup; he'd apparently not expected Captain America to have quite such an instinct for weak points. The crack about Howard had been wounding.The odds of getting him to make the first move were slim to none."Would it really hurt?" she tried, and he shrugged and looked down at his feet."I tried already," he admitted when Pepper didn't  speak. "Called three times, got an automated message. I persuaded someone to take me over, got the same message from the intercom, and a robot blew a raspberry at me through the window."Tony hadn't shared those little details. She gritted her teeth."Well. So if I can get you access, you'll apologise?" Shuffle, shuffle, she hadn't expected him to fidget, somehow. She'd had a vague image of him striking heroic poses, and holding them. Like a statue."I guess," he fixed her with a very sincere gaze. "I am sorry.""All right." She waited. He looked at her in puzzlement. "Take those things off your hands, then." He looked down at the tapes in puzzlement, then his eyebrows shot up. "Now?" He tugged at the hem of his damp shirt doubtfully. "I should clean up.""Yes, now." She looked pointedly up at the clock. By now, Tony could have Not Cared his way to  Hawaii for some performance sulking. It was the time for action, and anyway, she was quite happy to look at him the way he was for the duration of the car ride. "Come on, you can take off the tape in the car.""I'm not supposed to leave - ""Agent Hill is waiting in the car.""Well," he tugged nervously at the tape. "Well, okay." Tony glared up at Captain America, who blinked guileless eyes and tugged his shirt over his head at the nurse's command. She pressed the stethoscope to his chest with what Tony judged as more than necessary fondling.Dummy made a noise like phhhbbbt and Tony looked away from the big screen to see a blond figure lurking on the other side of the soundproofed glass door. Tony sighed, and drummed his fingers on the steering wheel. He was going to have to talk to the guy eventually, after all; Fury would probably welcome the opportunity to bounce him back off the team."JARVIS, lose Cap TV and then let him 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

