Work Text:
In retrospect, Loki probably should have noticed the slighter physiological indicators – tiredness, cramping, a soreness around his nipples - but it took until the third morning in a row that he was violently ill for him to begin to wonder. Flushing the toilet and kneeling on the bathroom floor, he let his hand rest on his lower abdomen, sending querying threads of magic into his own body.That answered that question swiftly enough, and Loki let his head rest against the toilet as another wave of nausea rolled through him. Wonderful. Wonderful, wonderful.“Loki?” Steve’s voice called sleepily from the other room. “Are you sick?”“No,” Loki said, pushing himself upright and making himself walk over to the doorway and smile at Steve, blinking sleepily at him from the bed. “Merely availing myself of the facilities.” Steve subsided back into bed, rolling over.Loki’s thoughts spun. Probably he ought to tell Steve about this development now, rather than waiting. But…Loki laid a hand on his stomach again, reaching out with magic. There it was, hardly even a life yet, embedded within him. Like something foreign, he thought, with a strange squirming feeling.He raised a hand to cast the spell to purge it away, and stopped. He lowered his hand.This had happened before, though then he hadn’t understood why. Now…he supposed perhaps it was something of the Jotnar. Or perhaps just something of him, peculiar creature that he was, not quite Aesir, not truly Jotnar. He’d rid himself of the previous seeds without thought before they grew, but suddenly…he wondered.What would it be like to grow a child within himself? To bear one to term and give birth to a living being. More than that – if it were Steve’s child. The physical embodiment of their union made flesh that he could hold, that they could care for and raise, perhaps.(To condemn a babe to life as a monstrous half-breed.)The life within him was half his progeny and the thought made the nausea return, but it was half Steve as well. Perhaps that was more important. Perhaps…He sat down, cautiously, on his side of the bed, glancing down at his belly as though he could already see it swelling. “Steve,” he said abruptly, and his lover rolled over, sitting up.“Loki? Is something-”“I am pregnant,” Loki said simply. Little need to elaborate beyond that, he thought.Steve stared at him. Blinked. Stared a little more. “What?” He shook his head, and then added, “but you’re…”“Nominally male,” Loki allowed. “But also alien. My apologies. I didn’t think it would come up.” Steve was staring at him, and Loki felt a little prickle down his spine, suddenly realizing that Steve might well react with horror, or disgust. He should have thought of that before saying anything. He had never told his other lovers, after all, for that very reason…Steve rubbed a hand over his face. “Oh,” he said, face a little pale. “I…oh.” His eyes drifted down to Loki’s still flat stomach and then averted, as though embarrassed to be caught looking. “Is this…is this normal, then?” Loki was having difficulty reading his voice, but what use was there in prevaricating now?“For Aesir? I suspect not.” He kept his tone flat, stomach threatening to start protesting again. “It has…happened before, though I never bore it to term.” Loki felt his mouth spasm. Steve sat up a little straighter.“Did you-”Loki’s shoulders drew up, slightly. “No,” he said. “I thought I ought to tell you, and at the least ask for your opinion on the matter. It is at least partly yours.” Steve swallowed, consternation and confusion crossing over his face. He pushed the blankets off and climbed over to sit next to Loki.“That’s – I. Thank you. But it is…” Steve hesitated, then forged ahead. “It is your decision, ultimately. It’s your body.” He paused, and seemed to shake himself again. “You’re really…?”“It is hardly even a life as yet,” Loki said, shrugging one shoulder. “But yes, so it would seem.” He looked down at his hands, interlaced in his lap. “I am aware that it is my decision. Do I not ever do as I will? But I wished to ask…what you thought.”“What I thought about what?” Steve asked. Loki turned his head to look at him.“Would you be angry if I chose to keep the child?” He kept his voice even with an effort. “I will not…be upset if that is the case. It would, of course, be mine to care for, and-”“What are you saying?” Steve said, sounding a little incredulous. Loki felt himself tense. “No, I mean – angry? Why would I be angry? I wouldn’t – I don’t even – and of course I wouldn’t just leave you to do everything on your own, like you said, it’s – this is my responsibility too-” He seemed flustered, overwhelmed, but indeed not angry. Loki’s lips turned cautiously downwards. “I just – Loki, do you want a baby?”Loki took a breath through his nose. “I do not wish to skew your decision-”“Do you?” Steve pressed. “Whatever I say – what you want matters at least as much, if not more.”This creature within me might be a monstrosity, he thought. It 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Mpreg
(sort of)
Alien Biology
Intersex Loki
Loki Has Issues
Established Relationship
Disturbing Themes
Internalized racism
Depression
Self-Esteem Issues
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Pregnancy
Pregnant Loki
pray for the author
Really Serious for a Trope Fic
Protective Steve Rogers
Thor is a good brother
Siblings
I Can't Believe I Wrote This
this fic has an audience of three i feel like
Explicit Sexual Content
Fingerfucking
Vaginal Sex
Discussion of Abortion
Implied/Referenced Suicide
discussion of infanticide

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki & Thor

