Work Text:

 


See, here's the thing. Two things, actually. 



 




One: Stark Industries has school groups come through all the time. Literally all the time. At least three times a week, sometimes more. Of course they do, they're the world's leading tech company, so that plus the fact that Pepper's always talking about snagging the up and coming bright young minds for SI rather than letting them get picked up by other companies means that there's a lot of field trips from schools from all over the country. There's a whole education program that Pepper's set up -- it goes hand in hand with the Junior Program. So there's always tour groups of wide-eyed children roaming around, being shepherded this way or that by one of the third-year interns, and Peter stopped paying attention to them ages ago. 


 


And two -- and this is the key bit here -- thanks to Spiderman and all the duties involved with that, Peter's attendance at school this year has been.... less than stellar. So less than stellar, in fact, that his Coordinator took him aside several months ago and told him he couldn't go on any excursions or camps or extra-curricular outings until his attendance levelled back out. Which, it hasn't. 


 


But that's fine, because on the days where he's supposed to be sitting at home being sad about missing out on field trips and Rethinking His Choices In Life, he instead either goes out patrolling or he hangs out with Tony in his lab, which is way more educational than any field trip would be anyway. All in all, the arrangement hasn't done much to encourage Peter to improve his attendance. 


 


And, look -- what Peter's trying to say is: he didn't know that today's tour group was going to be Midtown High. He knew that there was a field trip today, which is why he didn't bother going to school and instead went straight to Stark Tower, but he didn't know where the field trip was to. It's not even his fault! He doesn't pay attention to these things! Why would he? He doesn't get to go on the trips, so why would he pay attention to discussions about them? 


 


Ned knew where the field trip was to, but he didn't say anything because he's a traitor, and MJ knew, but she didn't say anything because she loves chaos, and look, the point is, Peter did not expect to glance up from the guts of one of Tony's prototypes and come face to face with his entire class, staring at him through the glass. 



Peter doesn't even know why he looks up, exactly. He's so used to the tour groups that he barely even notices them anymore, and anyway, they're on the other side of soundproof glass, so their oohs and aahs don't even bother whoever's inside, so there should have been nothing to catch Peter's attention and make him look up. And yet. 



 



So, ok -- backing up a little: the part of the tour where the school kids get to walk past the outside of Tony's SI lab (his basic lab; the one he uses primarily for SI stock design, the one that the RnD Team Leaders are allowed to access, and the one that Pepper successfully argued would be the most exciting and inspiring part of the tour for children and yet would pose no security threat) is universally regarded as the most exciting part of the tour, and as such, is the last stop before the kids get shuffled off to the merch store and then back onto the buses that will take them back to either their schools or, for the interstate kids, their SI-provided hotel rooms. The kids get to spend half an hour standing outside The Tony Stark's Lab with their faces pressed up against the glass, and the SI janitorial staff have "Mr Stark's lab windows" as a special stop on their daily cleaning routine. 



 



Anyway -- the point is, Peter's been here all day, and there's a half-eaten Italian sub on the table next to him, and Harley's leaning in close on one side as they analyse the interior knee joint on the prosthetic leg they're working on, and Tony's leaning back in his chair on the other side of the desk and throwing pieces of candy up in the air, lazily trying to catch them with his mouth, and Peter notices movement on the other side of the window out the corner of his eye. 



 



He dismisses it without even thinking about it. It's around 2 pm; that's the usual time for the parade of gawking children, and if it were anything other than a bunch of routine school kids, then FRIDAY would have warned them. Whichever school it is today that's doing the tour is in for a treat -- it's not often that Tony's actually in here. He spends most of his time in his private labs -- the ones that only a handful of people (including Peter, which never ceases to amaze him) have access to. 



 



The private labs are where Tony spends most of his time, but
 every single specialist who'd gotten a look at the braces he'd made for Rhodey had frothed at the mouth over how revolutionary they were, so Mr Stark had shrugged and decided to start an official line of SI prosthetics and walking aids. 
The one Harley
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
rocks up two years late with starbucks -- ''hey y'all want a field trip fic?''
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Peter's classmates find out that Peter was NOT lying about the internship
Harley is a little shit
(AFFECTIONATE)
Tony would like to have lab minions All Of The Time please
the whole ''peter's not allowed on field trips'' thing is GREAT in Tony's opinion
he would like it to keep being a thing
Homecoming compliant
NOT endgame compliant
(fuck endgame)
(in this house we don't aknowledge endgame)
also - Harley is 17 and on a gap year in this
he graduated high school a year early and was lined up for MIT
and tony offered him a year's worth of work experience first
ironfam
Irondad
tony's done the ''underage attendance at college'' thing and he doesnt recommend it
so Harley's doing a year of SI interning and then MIT at 18

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

