Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It had been a regular day for Steve.He had woken up early in his tiny apartment to get ready for work. The small man didn't have the most fabulous job; he was currently working at an office while trying to save as much money as he could. Steve had always had dreams of becoming a great artist one day, but that hadn't worked out for him so far. The most he could do was sometimes draw portraits of some wealthy old ladies.Steve had a usual routine: wake up, shower, put on glasses, put hearing aid in left ear, get dressed, eat a small breakfast, leave. His shower didn't always have hot water and his kitchen sometimes had roaches, but he knew it could worse. He always made sure that his door was locked and he had his keys and wallet and inhaler. He would pause to pet the cat that lived a few doors down from him before heading to the bus stop. He would arrive a bit early for work, punch in, get to his cubicle and prepare for another long, boring day.The small group of people he worked with weren't exactly unfriendly, but everyone mostly kept to themselves. Steve didn't mind that too much. Throughout his life, people didn't seem to want to interact with him. Probably didn't even notice him. But it still would be nice to have a friendly chat every so often. He would even settle for pointless water cooler talk.Everything had gone as normal until it was almost closing time. The only people left were Steve, his coworker, Bruce, and the janitor, Phil. Steve didn't know much about either of them. Bruce was usually polite, but quiet and focused on his work. But Phil was always up to talk, especially when Steve was working overtime. The older man was divorced and had two kids. He showed Steve every time he got a new picture of them.“You two almost finished?” Phil asked. “I was going to mop tonight.” He waved the mop for emphasis.“Yeah, almost,” Bruce replied. He stood and picked up a stack of paper. “I just need to staple these and file them.” He left to go to the filing room in the back.Steve began to shut down his computer. “So, Phil, how are the kids?”The older man beamed. “They're doing great. Maria is dating a decent guy for once and Peter is graduating high school.” Steve smiled. “That's good to hear.”“And how about you, Steve? Anyone new in your life? A lady, perhaps?” Steve grimaced and looked down. “'Fraid not. Girls aren't really interested in guys like me.”Phil patted his shoulder. “Don't worry about it. You just need to wait for the right person.”“If you say so.”They were both startled when they heard a loud thump coming from the back room. They waited in silence for a few moments. “Bruce?” Steve called out. “You okay?”More silence.“You wait here,” Phil ordered in a low voice. “I'll go check things out back there.”Steve may have been a small guy, but he had one hell of a temper. He wasn't someone to sit back and do nothing. “Hey, I'm not letting you go back there by yourself. What if something's wrong?”“That's exactly why you are staying here,” Phil said. His paternal instincts were obviously kicking in. “I'm sure he's fine. Just, please, wait here.”Steve wasn't happy, but it would be easier if he just listened. It was probably nothing, anyway. “Fine.” Phil pulled a box cutter out of his pocket and clutched it tightly in his hand. The man slowly walked back to the source of the noise. Steve watched as he disappeared into the room. He stayed quiet and waited for any sort of noise. It was eerily silent until he suddenly heard Phil shout. That was followed by a few bangs and the sound of a heavy weight fitting the floor. Okay, Steve was officially scared now. But he'd be damned if he just sat there and did nothing. Phil was in some sort of trouble and Steve wasn't going to just leave him there.He armed himself with a paperweight and crouched down before creeping to the filing room. Perhaps his size would come in handy for once and would help hide him from whoever or whatever was back there. Or maybe there was nothing and Bruce and Phil were just playing a prank on him. Yeah, that was probably it. Playing a prank on poor old Steve...Unfortunately, that was proved untrue when Steve came across a puddle of dark red liquid. His breath caught in his throat at the sight and his eyes slowly followed it up to the source. It was Bruce. The man was laying on his back with a stapler still in his hand. His throat had been slashed and there appeared to be a few stab wounds to his chest as well. His mouth was hanging open, as if he were still trying to scream for help. But his eyes were blank and his body was still. He was dead.Steve's heart sank to his stomach. What the hell had happened to Bruce? The poor man had just gone to finish his work and now he was laying dead on the floor. This-this sort of thing wasn't supposed to  happen here. They were just a small office in Brooklyn, one of many. It wasn't like they had any money or anything in here.Steve stifled a whimper and went to search for Phil. T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
shrinkyclinks
AU
Death
Blood
Knives
Past Abuse
Kidnapping
Murder
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Control Issues
Arson
Glasses
Hearing aids
Asthma
Dark
bucky has serious issues
Theft
Dubious Consent
Consent Issues
Corporal Punishment
Captivity
Stockholm Syndrome
Lima Syndrome
Alcohol
Drunkenness
Manipulation
Angst
Suspense
Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - Serial Killers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

