Chapter 1: You Can’t Trust and I Can’t be Trusted
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Loki looked at Sylvie, trying to gage her thoughts. Before he could read anything in her expression though, she lunged forwards with a blade drawn, intent on killing He Who Remained before they could even have a chance to discuss the matter. Loki was quick to action, launching to his feet and grabbing her arm, forcing it back from He Who Remained. She rounded on him, pushing the blade close to his chest. Loki’s heart twinged painfully, after everything they had been through together, how could she bear to threaten him? “What’re you doing?” She growled, her face contorting with anger. He swallowed hard before responding as he was backed up, the blade drawing ever nearer. “Hang on a moment.” He wrapped his hand around her wrist, trying desperately to force some space between himself and the blade. “Let’s just talk about it!” She was in no mood to listen and she turned him around, the blade still dangerously near to his skin. “Well, how about we finish what we started and kill him?” She shoved past him, moving towards He Who Remained once more. A part of him knew he should let her get her revenge, let her kill him. He surely deserved it for what he had done to her alone, for what he had done to them both, to everyone who didn’t fit into the confines of the sacred timeline. But the risk was too great. He thrust out a hand and grasped her with his magic, pulling her back, away from He Who Remained and back towards Loki himself. She whirled on him, flinging her sword at him. If not for his reflexes warning him to duck, the blade would have sliced right through his neck, decapitating him instantly. He felt his heart crack a little more. Out of options, Loki conjured his own sword. He wouldn’t hurt her, he couldn't bear to cause her harm, but he didn’t want to die either.  Their swords clashed and they backed apart, at a stand still. “What if he’s telling the truth?” Loki asked. Please listen to me, please understand. He silently begged her. He hated fighting with her like this.  “So what?” She snapped back, but didn’t strike.  Loki raised a hand placatingly and she didn’t immediately slam it away. He took that as progress. “I believe him.” “You believe what?” She shouted and Loki knew there was no hope. She couldn’t be convinced. But he still had to try. “That a million boogie men are going to show up just because  we give people free will?” Was free will really worth the lives of countless people? Loki knew the answer, but he wasn’t sure Sylvie would agree. “He’s a liar, Loki!” “So am I!” Loki retorted. “And I don’t think he was lying. Not about that. Insane? Yes. But maybe he was telling the truth.” “Better hurry. Timeline’s already branching.” He Who Remained said unhelpfully with a gesture towards a monitor that was depicting the sacred timeline. Sure enough, it had already begun to split into half a dozen timelines.  Sylvie glanced in his direction and anger flared in her eyes. Loki was glad to see it dim when her gaze returned to him. There was still hope. Her voice was a little softer when she asked, “So, what are you suggesting?” “That we think about it.” Loki responded. At his words, her voice regained its hardness. “And what precisely is there to think about?” “Weren’t you listening to what he was saying?” Loki asked gently. “That’s the gambit. Remove the dictator and what fills the void?” “Ah.” Sylvie said and Loki’s heart leapt. Understanding dawned on her face and relief flowed through Loki. She finally got it! “You want the throne?” All of that hope, all of that joy, petered out with Sylvie’s question, the insinuation. She really thought so little of him after everything. He quickly defended himself, desperate to make her understand that that wasn’t it at all. “No, that’s not it. No.” “I don’t believe you.” She said and her voice was calm, but it broke Loki’s heart.  Hurt, Loki changed tactics. “Sylvie, the fate of the universe is hanging in the balance; everything we know to be true. Everything. I know the TVA has hurt us both. But what if by taking him out, we risk unleashing something even worse? All I’m suggesting is we just take a minute to think about it. I promise you from my heart this isn’t about a throne.” “What was I thinking trusting you?” Sylvie spat. “Has this whole thing been a con?” Loki didn’t want it to be true, didn’t want this to be real. How could she possibly be asking that right now? “Really? That’s what you think of me… after all this time? Sure, why not? Evil Loki’s master plan comes together. Well, you never trusted me, did you? What was the point?” Loki was breathing hard now, a hand gripped on his chest to keep his heart from tearing clean from his body. It felt like he was dying. “Can’t you see? This is bigger than our experience.” “Why aren’t we seeing this the same way?” Sylvie asked, her voice sounded so very hollow. Loki’s resp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Sylvie (Loki TV)
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel
Multiverse
POV Loki (Marvel)
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Time Variance Authority (Marvel)
Good Loki (Marvel)
Loki Needs a Hug (Marvel)
loki has a heart (marvel)
Time Travel Fix-It
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Found Family
Infinity Gems (Marvel)
Not Canon Compliant
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Everyone Has Issues
Flashbacks
Loki Feels (Marvel)
Loki & Thor Bro Feels (Marvel)
Loki Gets a Hug (Marvel)
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Protective Avengers
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Loki/Sylvie (Loki TV)
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

