Chapter 1: But Tony Never Shares His Jumpers
    




Chapter Text
The night mist cleared. City lights glowed against the glass and steel facades of the skyscrapers.“30 minutes to landing,” the speakers crackled.“And do elephants produce milk?” Clint asked. He swallowed a mouthful of gummy bears before continuing with, “did woolly mammoth’s give milk? Did cave people ever make mammoth’s cheese?”They were close enough to watch the plane’s reflection glide around on the dark patches of the city, broken by the glass into little pieces. “Hell, what is wrong with you, featherhead?” Natasha snorted from her stance by the window.The man giggled. “Can you imagine little cave men milking their woolly mammoths?”“No,” Sam replied, a traumatised note to his voice. “And I never thought I ever would until this conversation.”“I think that’s enough candy for you now.” Steve scooped up the bowl, glanced at it once, and made the wisest decision – which was passing it immediately into the arms of the person sitting to his left.“Hey!” Bucky complained. “How did I end up with custody of the most prized possession on the goddamn plane?”“That baby’s all yours,” Steve grinned, and leaned over to brush his boyfriend’s lips. “Keep it safe.”Rolling his eyes at the couple, Sam put up a sneaky hand. Another few handfuls of (almost) pure sugar disappeared. Bucky scowled protectively, shoved him away, and held the bowl closer. It nestled perfectly in the crook of his metal arm.Natasha had forgotten how large and bright New York could be. The wet black sky surrounding the small jet was the greatest contrast it could be to the golden metropolis sprawled out below. She touched a fingertip to the cold glass window. A quiet voice behind her said, “it will be good to be back.”Bruce watched Natasha as she pictured Tony Stark’s indignant face when the Avengers told him they hadn’t waited for his private jet to pick them up from the airport, instead renting a small charter. The vote had been unanimous – none of the Avengers would choose waiting for a comfortable flight over getting to the Tower sooner. Natasha’s mouth twisted upward. “Yes,” she told Bruce. “It will be good to be back.”“You did tell Tony when we’re due to arrive, didn’t you?” Bucky asked, slightly worried.Steve screwed up his nose. “Yes, and he said he had a project to work on but he’d try crawling out of his lab at some point to say hello.”“His words or yours?” Clint laughed.“It’s almost 3 in the morning.” Bucky sounded surprised. “Does he sleep, like, ever?”The Avengers shook their heads. “Guy runs on coffee,” Bruce explained.“20 minutes to landing,” said the speakers from the corner of the ceiling. “You want me to drop you at the airport?”“Avengers Tower, Stark Industries,” Natasha remedied. “There’ll be a small runway.”“Yes, ma’am,” the pilot replied. Natasha left her seat and casually swiped the bowl of candy from Bucky. “In that case, 5 minutes to landing.”“Look,” Sam supplied, “I can see the Tower.”It glittered silver. Avengers Tower easily dwarfed the rest of the block, smooth sides soaring higher than the boxy apartments and offices surrounding. It was an elegant shape, Natasha mused, crunching on candy. As much as a building could have grace and poise.Hell, she was tired. It was getting to the point where the constant weight of the spare dagger strapped to her leg was an ache rather than a reassurance. Where even her fingerless gloves felt like they were weighing her down.She flicked her gaze to the others. Yeah, they were tired, too. Forget suitcases, those were body-bags under Bruce’s calm eyes. And the rest of the team who weren’t hyped up on sugar (read: just Rhodey) had dull expressions and slumped shoulders. The last five chaotic months had seen mission after mission, only remotely assisted by Tony, taking them far and wide and beyond by never with a chance to break.Natasha couldn’t wait to just collapse in her room and pass out. Not that she’d ever let anybody know that. The Black Widow retained her dignity now matter how exhausted she became, please and thank you.Oh but hell, she was tired.The plane shuddered slightly as they landed. Natasha balanced the bowl of food on her knees with, to her credit, only slightly less agility than as per usual. None of the candies spilled to the floor, so the woman stood and began moving toward the door.“Wow, Nat, slow down,” Clint began. She turned loose a frostily unimpressed look. “I mean,” he stammered, “we haven’t even stopped moving completely yet.”“Hey, I agree with Natasha,” Rhodes said. He shot the low ceiling a dark glance and rubbed the back of his neck. “Get me the hell off this plane.”“Language,” Bucky pointed out with a snort, nudging Steve.Eventually the door was unlocked and the Avengers clambered down the makeshift stairs one at a time. It was relieving to escape the cramped space and suck in deep breaths of cold (and polluted) night air.The pilot unloaded their luggage onto the smooth concrete. There wasn’t much
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Avengers Team & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Stark Tower
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Protective Happy Hogan
Adorable Peter Parker
Sleepy Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Secret Identity
Television Watching
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Peter Parker Has a Bad Day
Peter Parker Gets Stabbed
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Everyone Thinks Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Everyone Thinks Spider-Man is Tony Stark's Biological Child
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Everyone Thinks Peter and Tony are Related
the avengers freak out
POV Outsider

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Avengers Team & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

