Work Text:
“Do you trust me, Tony?” Steve’s voice sounded soft when he asked the question and he lowered his head lightly, searching with his eyes for the contact with Tony’s.
But Tony pressed his lips together and lowered his head too. He did. Goddammit, if there was one person on this planet he trusted, then it was Steve. But it was just so hard to admit it out loud.
They had worked a lot on his trust issues lately and it had gotten a lot better, but he still couldn’t say it out loud. It made him feel so vulnerable. So instead, he just grabbed Steve’s hand and pressed a kiss on his knuckles.
“You know the answer,” he said hoarsely.
“Yes.” Steve laid his hand under Tony’s chin and raised his head, so their eyes met. “But I would like to hear it from you.”
Tony inhaled shakily and bit down on his lower lip. “Steve…”
“I know you can do it,” Steve whispered and kissed Tony softly. “I love you,” he said then, looking him deep in the eyes. “And I trust you, Tony.”
“I-” Tony swallowed dryly. “I love you too. And I… I trust you.” His voice broke and was barely audible, also he couldn’t manage to keep the eye contact, but he had said it. It felt different than he would’ve thought. He didn’t feel anxious or vulnerable. He felt relieved. It felt good.
Steve’s thumb stroke over Tony’s cheek, before he bent down and kissed him again, but this time more passionate. A gasp escaped Tony’s lips when their tongues met and he buried his fingers in Steve’s blond hair and held him close. Pressing himself up against Steve’s body, Tony let his hands glide down Steve’s back until he could grab his ass and pulled him closer. Steve huffed out a rough laugh against Tony’s lips, not stopping to kiss him.
Tony didn’t know how long they stood there, just kissing each other, but it didn’t matter, because he would never get enough of Steve’s kisses. But of course he didn’t protest though when Steve grabbed his thighs and lifted him up, carrying him to the bedroom with the obvious intention of taking this a step further. Or maybe many steps.
Steve’s lips wandered down over Tony’s neck and he sucked and nibbled lightly on the skin there. Tony moaned, not even trying to hold it back, and his hands grabbed Steve’s pants, wanting to open them. But before he could do this, Steve held him back.
“Patience,” he simply said.
Tony growled, but his protest fell instantly silent when Steve bit down right at the spot above his collarbone, before he soothingly licked over the same place. Tony’s eyes fluttered shut and his head fell back, giving Steve better access to his neck. No idea how Steve did this, but he managed to get Tony aching hard in his pants, not going any further than his neck.
“Fuck Steve,” Tony growled and pulled Steve’s face up, so he could kiss him on the lips. “Stop teasing.”
But Steve just grinned mischievously, nibbling on Tony’s lower lip for a moment, before he pulled back again. “Patience,” he repeated. But then he grabbed the hem of Tony’s shirt and pulled it over his head. For a moment, Steve just looked at Tony and Tony was totally caught up in the softness and love in Steve’s eyes. Even though Tony couldn’t understand how a person like Steve could love someone as fucked up as him, it was undeniably there.
“You and your ‘patience’ are gonna kill me some day,” Tony sulked. Steve chuckled, but then lowered his lips to Tony’s chest. When his lips brushed over the scarred skin around Tony’s arc reactor, Tony’s breath hitched in his throat. He would probably never get used to this, no matter how often Steve would do it. It just… most of the times when he looked at the arc reactor, he saw in it the thing that made him a freak. The thing that reminded him every day that he should be dead by now. That he wasn’t normal. But Steve… the way Steve looked at it, talked about it, treated it… it made it seem as if it was okay. As if it wasn’t something bad.
When Steve’s tongue circled around one of Tony’s nipples, the brunet got torn out of his thoughts and a moan escaped his lips, his hand instinctively grabbing Steve’s hair. Steve’s breath felt cold on Tony’s wet skin when the blond chuckled quietly.
“Always so sensitive and receptive,” he murmured. “Oh, how much I love this.” He went over to Tony’s other nipple, teasing it with his tongue and teeth until Tony felt as if he was gonna explode. He could probably come from just this, but as always, Steve picked up the signals before this happened and stopped. Tony’s whole body trembled and he exhaled roughly. He groaned chocked when Steve’s thumbs stroke over his nipples and his jaw clenched.
“Gosh, Steve, just fuck me already.” His hips bucked up from the mattress and he couldn’t have suppressed it, even if he had tried to.
“Not yet.” Steve pressed his lips on Tony’s jaw and smirked when Tony groaned again. “I can only repeat myself.”
“Yeah, patience, I know.”
Steve chuckled at Tony’s grumpy tone of voice and Tony rolled his eyes. It wasn’t that he didn’t enjoy what Steve did to him – beca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Stony

freeform: 
Smut
Stony smut
PWP
NSFW
Kinky
at least i think
Handcuffs
Sex Toys
Cock Ring
Anal Plug
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Denial
Trust
idek
pls read it
IT'S GR9

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Stony

