Chapter 1: So It Begins...
    




Chapter Text

Today was a typical day at school for Peter. He’d completed his work a good half hour before everyone else and had been spending the remainder of the lesson staring out of the window, daydreaming about what exciting adventures awaited him on patrol that night. Stuff had been slow the past few weeks when he’d been out patrolling, the most exciting thing being stopping a bunch of bored teens from vandalising a local store. The teen had been hoping for burglaries, muggers, car thieves etc. Instead, he’d been stuck picking up litter and rescuing cats from trees. He hoped something exciting would come up soon. Maybe a new villain for him to battle. Or another mission with the Avengers. Or maybe…

“Peter!” Ned waved a hand in front of his friend’s face, snapping his fingers a few times to gain his attention. “Dude, you spaced out. I grabbed your permission slip for you.”

“P-permission slip?” Peter replied, still not completely out of daydream mode just yet. “What for?”

Ned scoffed, shaking his head and sliding the piece of paper towards Peter. “Prom, man. We gotta get these signed and handed in by next week. Who’re you gonna ask?”

“To … sign it? Probably Aunt May, I don’t think they’d believe me if I got Mister Stark to-”

“No, man. To go to prom with you.”

“Ahh, okay. I dunno, dude. I mean, I’d have asked Liz but … yeah … and MJ’s probably gonna go with Cindy. And I’m guessing you and Betty are going together?”



“Yeah. J-just as friends though. We’re not in the right place for commitment right now, you know, with studies and stuff. You can just hang out with all of us, you know. We’re all gonna hang out anyway, I’m sure we can take turns switching dance partners.” 

“Thanks, dude, but I think if I show up alone, my life will be over. Flash lives to remind me how much of a loser I am.”

“Screw him, man. Who cares what he thinks?”



“I do. It’s embarrassing enough he’s spreading rumours about the internship, I don't wanna give him anymore ammo.”

“You could always ask Jonathan. Give us a chance to actually meet the mysterious boyfriend.”



“Nah, he’s not big on crowds. Or loud music… Or douchebags like Flash. Plus, I don’t think I’m ready for the entire school to know about me yet.”

Ned made a noise of acknowledgement, giving Peter a comforting pat on the shoulder. The teen almost let himself relax. 


Almost … 


Soon, their sentimental moment was crushed by an all too familiar, mocking voice. 

“Hey, Penis. Who are you gonna be bringing to prom? Someone from your BS internship? Remember 

I’m 

taking Black Widow out. Don’t want you stealing my date, buddy.” Flash reached over to ruffle Peter’s hair condescendingly, glaring when the brunette slapped his hand away. Thankfully, luck appeared to be on Peter’s side today as Mr Harrington reappeared before Flash could react (when the hell had he left????).

“Okay, kids. Remember and get your guardians to sign your permission slips asap and … Flash could you go back to your seat please … and remember to bring them in by next Wednesday at the absolute latest. I don’t want to have to turn people away from prom so please remember to hand them in. We’ll also be going over safety procedures, nothing too difficult, just going over the basics. Fire exits, electrical wires and stuff. I will not have a repeat of 
Maine
.” He paused, saying the last sentence mostly to himself before going back to smiling. “Anyway, we’ll deal with that when the time comes. Have a great rest of your day.” 

With that Mr Harrington scooped up his paperwork and headed out the door, a signal to everyone that they were free to leave.

Peter and Ned were two of the first out of the door, hoping to slip away from Flash and his friends without incident. However, whatever luck had been on his side earlier had quickly run out. 

“Hey, Penis! Where you going?” Peter cringed at the sound of his bully’s voice right behind him. Said bully placed a hand on his shoulder to prevent him from getting any further away.

“Not now, Flash.”

“Oooh, he speaks. What’s wrong, Penis Parker? I just wanna know who you’re bringing to prom. I mean, Liz isn’t here for you to guilt trip her into being your date.”

Ned stepped forward, placing some distance between Peter and Flash. “That’s enough.”

Flash made a face of mock fear, putting his hands up in a defensive stance. 

“Woah, woah, woah. Chill man. Could’ve just said you’re the possessive type.”

“What the hell are you talking about?”



“Well, you do swing both ways right? I mean, no hate man. At least you’re half normal. I don’t think Penis here has that advantage.”

Peter spun around, anger taking over his thoughts. At that moment all he wanted to do was punch Flash through the second story window. Nobody spoke to his best friend like that. However, he froze as soon as he raised his fist. What had Mister Stark told him about bullies?


“Bullies are cowards. They want to make you feel like shit so that they feel 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jonathan Crane/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Prom
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Jonathan Crane
Shapeshifting
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Protective Avengers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Ms Warren may or may not be Gloria from OITNB
cause why not
Protective Happy Hogan
School Dances
Author Is Sleep Deprived

fandom: 
Jonathan Crane/Peter Parker

