Chapter 1





Chapter Text
His Lady Mother brings the tidings, slipping quietly into his sick room. She draws back the heavy velvet drape of the bed curtain, letting in the first light Steve has seen for days.“Steven.” She drops lightly beside him, running a hand through his hair, cool against his fevered brow. Her other hand clutches a letter writ on fine vellum. “Steve, can you wake up for me, my dove?”Steve obliges; he’s stronger than he’s felt in days, the latest attack of pneumonia survived, though barely. This time was close: priests attended his doctors. Still, he came through. He smiles to show her that he’s well now. “Mother?”“Such news,” Lady Sarah exclaims, reaching for his hand and gripping it, transmitting her excitement. “Such news as we have dreamt for in our hardship. Oh, Steve, beyond a dream!” She brandishes the paper. “Lord Barnes has made an offer for you past all hopes. With his generosity we can afford to keep the estate intact, and all our staff with us, and their children, and their children’s children.” Her voice is tight with happy, unshed tears, and she squeezes his hand again.Steve has passed many days in fever and delirium. He stares at his mother, suddenly unsure if the sickness has indeed passed, or if she is another hallucination. He struggles to parse the news, feeling the room start to spin anew. “Lord Barnes?” he manages.“Yes! Such a kind man, a pious goodly one, I always said, and your father agreed with me. Don’t you remember the summer we passed at his house in the city, Steve, when you were a boy?”“Certainly--”“Then you will recall his eldest, James. I know you do! How brilliantly the two of you got on as children. When we separated you, you cried and cried. Why, we flirted with the idea of betrothing you then.”“Mother--”“You seem distressed, my angel. Are you not pleased with the match? The word from court is that Lord James Barnes is an upstanding gentleman, not given to the wild circles around the Prince Regent. And Steve, it was he who asked for you. The young man has kept you in mind all these years -- despite our circumstances.”Steve closes his mouth, now at a total loss for words. His heart is beating fast enough to call for the doctors. He shuts his eyes. “Mother. Lord Barnes’ offer is an honor most pleasing to me, and his son demonstrates a measure of goodwill considering our depleted status that is most endearing.”He swallows thickly; that was hard enough to struggle through. Now his voice is a whisper: “It is I who am deficient. I can make no sort of husband for a Lord in my state. How will I attend him, when I am frail and weak? I cannot serve him in this body.” His thin, deficient limbs feel a greater betrayal than ever. Steve would fly from this shell if he could, he would give anything to be different than he is.Lady Sarah smooths his hair again. “The offer came as a result of correspondence,” she informs him, with a small, soft smile. “It was James himself who responded to the letter I sent back on your condition. He assured me that in no way did this alter his choice or intentions towards you, and that in fact it sped them; and he wished you to be brought to London with all haste, so as to have the attention of the best doctors he can collect.”Wind and speech are knocked from Steve again, but a new, hopeful warmth suffuses him. He opens his eyes.“Here.” From the pocket of her dress Lady Sarah draws out an enameled brooch and hands it over. Her smile has turned sly. “This was sent with the offer of marriage.”A miniature portrait is painted of a young man in profile. He is exceptionally handsome, with dark hair stylishly arrayed, a perfectly square jaw, bold blue eyes, and a smile that blazes forth friendship and heat.Steve’s hand curls around the brooch. “Yes,” he says. “My answer is yes.” * * * One week later a retinue is dispatched to bring Steve and his mother to London for the wedding.Steve is thrilled to be in good health for the trip, good enough to pretend he’s always this rosy-cheeked. He has begun taking greater pains with his appearance, adding shine to his blond hair with oil, and using other oils to soften and scent his skin.Whenever he starts to think about his soon-to-be husband uncovering him, touching him, he flames red all over. Steve at twenty is hardly an innocent intellectually; he’s read many, many books, often during his long periods of convalescence. He knows what to expect, he thinks; that is why he sees red.After an extended, endless, clattering journey in which Steve’s stomach does a repeated cartwheel, they arrive in the oldest square in Knightsbridge -- and the most costly, of course. Lord Barnes’ “secondary estate” is a stately white-brick city mansion, an enormous ancient pile. Steve views it through the glass with growing anxiety; he can see a welcoming party gathered to meet them in the courtyard.When the carriage-door swings open, however, Steve can breathe again -- it is not his intended, but Lord Barnes himself, come w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Regency
Arranged Marriage
British Lords
Fluff
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Tropes
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Early Nineteenth Century Problems
vaguely steampunk
Wedding Night
Sex
Lots of Sex
First Time

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

