Chapter 1: The Bucky Barnes Defense League Strikes Again
    




Chapter Text
Bucky is standing at the mouth of an alley, staring at the graffiti on the wall. It’s a stencil of a man’s face that has been blasted out in an act of vandalism so rapid it left the edges of the stencil blurred and the paint too thick and running in places. There are words framing that face.
It is the same face he saw at the Smithsonian exhibit, and the ads for the same that are plastered on buses and billboards. It is the face that looks at him when he passes a mirror, or checks behind him in the reflection of windows.
The words around this image say, The Bucky Barnes Defense League Reminds You to Protect Bucky Barnes at All Costs. The face in that frame is his own.
“Defense League?” he murmurs, staring at the graffiti. Then he tries the whole thing out. “The Bucky Barnes Defense League.”
He did not know there was such an organization, and he cannot tell if they are what they appear to be. He knows the civilian authorities are looking for him; everyone will be looking for him. Hydra will do what it takes to recover the Asset. What’s not clear is who is Hydra and who is not.
He has memories now, not that they help much. Of memories there are two types: fragments of memory that clung to him like burrs, the things that never got scrubbed out, and the new ones. The old ones are of no use to him. They are memories where everything is too big, taps far out of reach, stairs enormous. Later, a skinny, sickly boy sketching rude comics in a little book balanced on his lap. The same boy, almost grown, maybe grown but still small, doubled over, throwing up while people shriek and something heavy goes whooshing and rumbling behind them. Those memories are of no practical value. The new ones, though, they are. He remembers a well dressed man sitting a cross the table from him issuing a kill order on two level sixes. Afterward, in a bank vault, another man, heavy shoulders, short dark hair, and square jaw, wearing light tactical gear. His expression reading, Better you than me. And the chair-
No.
He shakes his head at the memory, winds forward to where the new memories are as fragmented as the old until some combination of blood, and terror, and his name, and the face under his fist, and the words you’re my friend thunked into place in his mind, the weight of it like a shutdown code. Then the screaming of the mission imperative was suddenly muffled by a thought, the first in God knew how long, which bobbed up out of no where.

What am I doing?

Hesitation. Arm raised, metal hand fisted, but not coming down again. 
Man on the bridge, child drawing, skinny guy throwing up, people laughing and shrieking with delight in the distance, the weight of guilt sorry pal I shouldn’ta made you ride that thing and the warm weight of fondness. Sets of memories colliding with the force of a cybernetic arm driving a fist into the zygomata of a supine opponent.

I’m killing him.

Horror, like the sensation of falling. Oh God. I’m killing him. 
He stopped. Mission abort. Asset AWOL.
He knows that he and Rogers were made to fight, and that, whatever Rogers' orders, the Asset's orders were to kill. It would be easy to believe those orders were because Rogers is a pain in the ass, which is something Bucky knows though he doesn't know how. It would be easy to believe there was a mission of real importance that went pear-shaped two weeks ago. Easy to believe, but possibly untrue. It would not be the first time the Asset has been made to fight for the amusement of others, or to kill someone from his past as a display of the thoroughness of programming. And there had been something wrong with his programming, and so they put him in the chair-

No.

In the intervening weeks, Bucky has learned that Steve Rogers was working with SHIELD, and SHIELD is, was, one of Hydra’s many heads. 
He knows that Steve Rogers has disappeared. That he was summoned to a hearing and did not attend, and this has made the news. People are talking about it.
It did not escape Bucky’s notice that Steve Rogers is a match for him, even with the metal arm. It is not outside the realm of possibility that Rogers is going to try to recover the Asset for Hydra. It may even be that Steve is an Asset himself. 
Until he figures it out, he knows it’s best if he’s not seen. Not visible. A ghost again. The spectre the big guys tell the babies about. A myth.
Which be would a whole hell of a lot easier if the goddamned Bucky Barnes Defense League wasn’t spray-painting his face on every street corner and manhole cover in the neighborhood he was living in.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
No Tentacle Sex
I promise you
But that is literally
my only guarantee
Aftermath of Torture
CA:TWS
CA:TFA
homebrew sign language
HOH!Clint
discussion of porn
Bucky Barnes Feels
Sandwiches
Past Sexual Abuse
Getting grim here
Dark
Torture
Oh god Bucky NO
Oh god Clint NO
Brainwashing
Friends to Lovers
Self-Harm
off-screen sexual abuse
Angst
Fluff
Pure Nonsense
COMPLETE!

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

