Chapter 1: Steve
    




Chapter Text
Steve and Bucky sat on the kitchen table, in front of them was a book with vials. Vials of slick. From omegas.And they had to choose one.As an all alpha couple, they couldn’t get children the natural way. So this was their last resort, an academy of omegas that where for rent as…
Surrogate mothers.
“Here try this one.” Bucky handed Steve a vial. The slick smelled sweet, but it wasn’t doing that much for Steve.“Pass.” He sighed. Bucky nodded in agreement and took another vial to smell. He immediately pulled a face and put the vial back where it came from.Steve was starting to think they’d never find an omega to please them both when Bucky suddenly growled, his eyes turning red as he kept sniffing at a vial.He held out his hand and Bucky hesitantly handed over the vial. Oh, good lord. Steve understood why Bucky reacted that way, hell, he was sure that his own eyes flashed red as well.
They had found their omega.
They sent back their choice seperatly from the book, and were invited to come and see the omega not even a week later. They walked into the academy hand in hand , checking in at the reception. They were asked to wait in a waiting room while the omega was being readied for them.A friendly beta came for the two alphas not much later, leading them towards the room of their chosen omega. Here they’d have the chance to inspect their omega before they’d confirmed their choice.A slender brunet omega was tied up on the bed, blindfolded, ass up.“Golly.” Steve swallowed.“Dear god.” Bucky breathed, because oh, that heavenly smell, and all that tanned skin. The brunet alpha crossed the room in three large strides and put his hands on that ass.Steve walked over to the bed and saw the omega’s lip trembling. It wouldn’t surprise him if the blindfold was wet with tears.“Are you sure he wants this?” He asked the beta.“Why don’t you ask him that yourself?” She smiled sweetly.“Omega. Answer me with the truth, do you want this? Are you willing to give my mate and I a child?” Steve asked. The omega was trembling before a chocked off ‘yes alpha.’ Left his lips.That would have to do for now, and Steve joined his husband at the omega’s rear.“He’s perfect Stevie.” Bucky breathed, making Steve smile again.“Yeah he is, but I don’t know if he really wants this, buck. What if he’s forced?” Steve voiced his worries.“Well he won’t be here for nothing, right? Maybe he needs the money.” Bucky said, but Steve saw the hesitation growing in his husband as well.“Excuse me, are you going to confirm for this omega or would you like to see others?” The beta asked, forcing them to make their decision.“We’ve decided.” Steve said.”we want this one.”“Very well, let’s proceed to the paperwork, then.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Verse
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Tony
Pregnancy
Pregnant Tony Stark
Idiots in Love
Unrequited Love
Friendship/Love
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Afghanistan
Rape/Non-con Elements
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Slow Burn
Slow Romance
Slow Build
OT3
Sexual Assault
Past Sexual Assault
Ass to Mouth
Grinding
Self-Hatred
Self Confidence Issues
Self-Esteem Issues
Self-Worth Issues
Scars
Love

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

