Chapter 1





Chapter Text
  His world has shattered apart. Captain America lied about his parent’s death. Steve Roger’s covered up a Hydra assassination plot. Steve Rogers lied to him. He blinks and he can see that shield swinging down towards his neck. He blinks and feels it impacting his chest.Steve Rogers tried to kill him. The adrenaline is wearing off, and the cold is starting to set in. Tony realizes, that not only did Steve Rogers try to kill him, but the man might still succeed.As his rage dissipates, and the cold sets in it becomes clear that he needs to move. He takes a deep breath to center himself, and his chest spasms with pain, leaving him gasping for air, as his chest is on fire. He needs to get the weight off his chest, he needs to breathe.He reaches for the chest plate, trying to pull it off. The release is warped, and there’s not enough power to force the suit open. He can’t breathe. He can’t breathe. He claws at the release, and manages to grab onto a piece of metal. He pulls, and it comes loose in his hand.He takes it and wedges it underneath the release, forcing it open. The chest plate releases, and he scrambles out of the suit. His chest is screaming in pain, as he breathes in taking stock of his body. He’s bleeding, heavily, he has at least a few broken ribs, his arm is broken, and his entire body is covered in various cuts and contusions.In an ideal scenario he would have stayed in the suit, as it was helping to stop him from bleeding out, but with no help coming he had no choice but to try and call for help.“Fri-“ His voice rattles as he tries to speak, there’s no response from the suit, the arc reactor sits in front of him, dark and he’s becoming increasingly aware that his odd’s of survival are not looking good.“No.” He grumbles, refusing to die in this abandoned Hydra base. He pulls the helmet towards himself, prying pieces apart to access the communications system. He ignores his own shaking hands, ignores the blood he can feel running down his chest, ignores the taste of blood in his mouth.He's going to die here.He blinks, and his vision blurs, as he cuts into the wires in front of him. He blinks, and an eternity passes. He blinks, and the world spins.He’s going to die here.His ears are ringing, and he can’t get his eyes to focus. It’s becoming clear that even if he does manage to call for help, he’s not going to make it to a hospital.He hears a small pop, and a fizzling sound, as the room is bathed in green light. A quick glance around the room reveals a towering Loki dressed in full battle regalia, standing just across the room. Tony takes a moment to look at the supposedly dead god, and comes to the conclusion that this is not his problem.He breathes out, and turns back to the wires in front of him, ignoring the way that his vision whites out whenever he moves his head.“Ahem.” Loki pointedly clears his throat and Tony glance at him out of the corner of his eye. Even that is enough to make his head spin, and for a moment he’s worried he’s going to pass out, the darkness threatening to consume him. He focuses back on the task at hand, and attempts to connect the wires in front of him.  “Hello?” Loki says, annoyance clear in his tone. It’s not the first time Tony’s ignored an annoyed hallucination. He stays focused on calling for help, and suddenly there’s a hand on his shoulder.“Wha?” He isn’t sure how the hallucination is grabbing him. Loki jerks him around, and pain spikes through him his head spinning. “Fuck.” He grunts, and the world disappears. -             -             - Tony wakes up in a familiar room, one he hadn’t expected to see again. He can’t remember leaving Siberia, can’t even remember calling for help, and although his body aches, the pain he felt feels like a distant memory.“So, this is the afterlife then?” He muses, nudging his coffee table with his toe. “I thought it would be less mundane.” Truthfully, he had doubted it’s existence, but last thing he remembered he was dying .“Boss, you aren’t dead.” Friday corrects him. “It is currently 7:32 Am, the weather outside is a balmy 83 degrees.” Tony nods absently, and looks around the room for a sign of how exactly he got here.“How did I get here?” He asks, mostly to avoid the other questions plaguing him. He wants to know why. Why did Steve leave him? Why did Steve lie? Why? Why?“That was my doing?” Loki says, pulling Tony out of his thoughts, as he whirls towards the sound of the voice. Not a hallucination then.“I don’t get it.” Tony looks the self-proclaimed god over. “Why save me? What’s your plan here?” Loki smirks, and Tony rolls his eyes. Loki’s clearly trying to play some kind of game, he brought Tony back here, healed him, he’s after something. “Listen, whatever game you want to play, I’m too old for it. Tell me what you want, or get out.”“Is that any way to speak to someone you owe a debt to?” Loki asks, and he’s every bit a prince, looking down at Tony. Well, Tony has had it up to his ears with assh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Near Death Experiences
Loki's Kids (Marvel)
Odin's Bad Parenting (Marvel)
Parent Loki (Marvel)
Asgardian Culture (Marvel)
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

