Chapter 1: Stop Pretending
    




Chapter Text
You had Natasha pinned against the wall, you were so close that you could both feel each other’s breath across your face. Natasha couldn’t see the look in your eyes as she rasped out jagged breaths from your fighting a moment ago.Her eyes widened when she finally saw the almost feral look in them. It was as if you were fighting for some kind of control she thought as she watched the way you panted slightly above her. She couldn’t quite place it until you hissed out,“Fuck it, I’m done” You breathed in sharply as you felt Natasha do the same.“Done with what?” Her question came out more pointed then she intentionally wanted causing you to narrow your eyes while getting lost in her green ones.“Pretending,” it was barely a whisper as you moved forward, somehow getting even closer without touching her lips.“What the fuck have you got to be pretending about?” the spy asked as she felt herself being pushed even more into the wall.“That I don’t fucking want you.” Your voice now full of desperation as you watched how her eyes widened before a smirk.“Then stop pretending,” she murmured before gripping the collar of your tactical suit and pulling you down for a bruising kiss. You gripped her hips and lodged a knee between her legs causing her to groan into your mouth. You felt like you were on fire as all you could feel was Natasha. Her lips on yours, her grinding on your leg, her hands as they threaded through your hair. It was becoming too much. It felt so wrong but so right at the same time but you couldn’t bring yourself to care.“Fuck,” she panted across your lips as you moved your kisses along her jaw and to the shell of her ear.“Do you know how hard it was to resist you?” you purred into her ear, sending a shiver down Natasha’s spine. “Having to pretend to hate you even though all I wanted to do was fuck you?” you nibbled on her ear lobe, “Being told you were my greatest enemy for all the wrong reasons?” You pressed your leg harder into her core making her grind even harder against it.“Y/n,” she sighed out, “Please.”You pulled back to stare into her eyes just to see them dilated and filled with lust. The sound of her begging you to do something awoke a primal side of you. Without warning you grabbed her behind and lifted her so she could wrap her legs around your waist before turning away from the wall and finding a desk in the room. You gently placed her on the desk, contrasting to your previous actions, then proceeded to rip her iconic Black Widow suit apart. She moaned against your lips as the cool air of the abandoned building made contact with her now exposed body. Your dexterous and skilled yet battered hands from your years as a soldier made their way to her waist, forcing her to the edge of the desk and even closer to your body, before moving upwards. Nails dragged along your back as your fingers reached the underside of her breasts, moving in a tantalisingly slow pace towards her sensitive nipples.“Y/n,” she practically whined while ducking her head to kiss and suck on your neck. It made you laugh how the woman who hated your guts, the woman who tried to kill you many times was now at your mercy and seeking pleasure.“Patience darling,” the nickname rolling off your tongue perfectly as you finally made contact with her nipples. You rolled and pinched them a few times before you moved one hand to grip her chin and move it from your neck. You kissed her with a new urgency as you wanted her so bad but wanted to drag this out as much as possible. Who knows if after this she would go back to trying to kill you so you had to make it last. Neither of you wanted to break the kiss but you both had to as air was becoming necessary. You bent your head down to kiss along her collarbone before moving even further down. You raised your head slightly to look into her eyes to ask for permission until she nodded. Your teeth dragged across the sensitive flesh before taking a mound into your mouth. “God,” she groaned out while lacing her fingers through your hair, nails scratching your scalp. The sensation caused a moan to escape your lips and sent vibrations that went straight to Natasha’s core. After you gave enough attention to one breast you moved to the other until she pulled you by the hair back to her face.“You’re such a tease,” she panted against your lips.“You’re such a sub,” you teased back with a smirk as you kissed her intensely.Then all of a sudden you felt her push you down until you were on your knees, her legs now encasing your shoulders.“Still think so?” she mocked as she had you between her legs.“Come on darling we both know it,” your hands pushed her legs apart even wider while fingers drifted up towards her core. “You crave to have someone else take control,” a kiss to her naked thigh, “You want to be under someone,” a bite on her inner thigh, “You want to be fucked by someone who knows how to do it right.”“And that’s you?” she taunted.“Darling,” you purred
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader
Wanda Maximoff & Reader

freeform: 
Enemies to Lovers
Smut
Shameless Smut
Vaginal Fingering
Lesbian Sex
Dom/sub Undertones
Teasing
Praise Kink
Hot Sex
Rough Sex
Rough Kissing
Dom/sub
Light Dom/sub
Sub Natasha Romanov
dom reader
might turn into a fic depends if people like it
Strap-Ons
Multiple Orgasms
Handcuffs
Restraints
Sex Toys
Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Love/Hate
Hotel Sex
Violence
Torture
Dark Past
Guns
Hydra (Marvel)
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Wanda Maximoff is a Good Bro
So much angst
im sorry
thigh riding
fuck buddies?
Choking
Naked Cuddling
Morning Cuddles
Fluff and Smut
Fluff and Humor
Sexual Humor
Fluff
Past Abuse
Implied/Referenced Torture
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Alcohol
Heavy Drinking
Heavy Angst

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader
Wanda Maximoff & Reader

