Work Text:
Steve thinks it's become Tony's dirty little secret.Dirty, because Tony would never consider it clean. Or real. Dirty, because Tony will approach him at the oddest hours of the night, head bowed and body tense, and say 'take me out of my head.'And Steve will always oblige. He's oblige because Tony's a sub, and he doesn't want to see him suffer. He'll oblige because Tony is beautiful when he's under. He'll oblige because he doesn't think Tony has anyone else.He tries not to feel letdown when Tony does not reciprocate his feelings. When, after having spent the whole night holding him, stroking his hair, listening to him beg for endearments, Tony will wake up and nod. Thank him, and leave.Oh, you're a good boy, Tony. Such a good boy. Yes, you are. Yes, I said that. Tony, you're a good boy, do I have to spell it out? Tony. Yes, Tony, you are. Tony, stop asking. You're a good boy. Such a good boy. Yes, Tony, you are. You are. You want to hear it again? What a surprise.No. That sounds, that sounds harsh. Steve would never be one to mock subs for what they want when they're under. That's cruel. Harsh. Unnecessary. Steve's known subs who like to be told all kinds of things. If Tony wants to be a good boy, well, then, that's that. He can't change it.But after thirteen separate occasions, Steve's staring to wonder what he might be doing wrong. Why else wouldn't Tony be more --You know. Why wouldn't he want to --Take it to the next level?Maybe Steve is being unreasonable. Maybe that's it. He doesn't think what they have is normal; he doesn't like that Tony uses him like a drug, something to stock him up and forget about the next day. He doesn't like feeling that the only reason Tony gives him the time of day is because no one else wants to sleep with him.Fuck, there it is again. That's not what Steve meant. Plenty of people want to sleep with Tony. Tony has, he's admitted that people don't treat him right, they don't give him what he needs. Steve has no right to be pissy about it, no matter how put out he feels.But he broaches the subject, one night. Tony's shivering, a warm ball in his lap, wearing the collar Steve gave him. He wears the same collar for all their transactions, and yet will not let Steve ask about the possibility of a contract. Steve hums. "You know," he says casually "I called a contractor today."Tony freezes; he looks up at Steve with wide, innocent eyes. "You called," Tony blinks "a contractor? Why? Are you -- " he looks away "you have a sub." He mumbles, pulling away. "I'm sorry.""No," Steve says softly, taking his chin in his fingers and tilting up his head "not at all. I called because I was interested, maybe, in having a contract with you."Tony stares at him. "With me?" He whispers. "With -- ""We've been doing this awhile." Steve says. "You... you wear my collar."Tony's hands fumble with the clasp on his neck, shaking. "Take it," he blurts "take it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I thought -- take it.""Tony," Steve soothes "sweetie, you're still under. Relax.""I don't," Tony says, fevered "I don't, if the collar, if it means, I -- I'm sorry. I thought it was, it was -- I didn't realise. Please, take it. I'm sorry. We don't, we don't have to do it. I'll pay you back, I'll," Tony scrambles over the bed, standing, throwing the collar to the bed "no contract. I won't contract with you, I won't. Just -- take it."Steve blinks. "You just threw it away." He says, and even he's struggling to keep the shock from his voice. "Tony! You can't just -- "Tony is trembling, hand braced on the wall. "No contract." He repeats "No. I -- I'm so under, I can't," he rubs his eyes with the heels of his hands "can't think." He mutters.Steve pushes back pillows and stands. "You're under," he says "you're right, it's not fair. I shouldn't ask you things like this when you're not thinking straight. Here," Steve hands him the collar "take it."Tony stares at it, and then at Steve. He shakes his head, sucks in a breath. "No," he breathes "no, no, I can't. No."Steve blinks. "Tony?"He reaches for the door, hand twisting the handle. "Goodnight," he mumbles "or, or good morning. I -- bye, bye Steve.""You're naked." Steve blurts. "Just, hold on, take this -- "Tony snatches the blanket from Steve's hands, wraps it around himself. He tugs at the door, keeps his eyes low. "Bye." He mutters again.Steve almost says 'wait' but then he's gone, and he's left holding the collar he had given Tony all those weeks ago. He stares at the leather in his hand, and then back at the door.Something tells him it didn't go well. Tony approaches him, the next day. Dressed for business, on his way to a meeting. Steve sits at the table, and Tony fixes his coffee at the counter.They don't look at each other, or even fully acknowledge each other's presence. "It has to stop." Tony says lowly, stirring in sugar. "We can't see each other anymore."Steve flicks through the paper. "You're the one who came to me." He reminds him."Yeah well not anymore." The spo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Tony Stark
Sub-Drop
Misunderstandings
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Past Rape/Non-con

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

