Chapter 1: James Barnes: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
Best friends don’t go after their best friend’s ex-fiancé.
They especially don’t go after their ex-fiancé when their best friend was trying to win them back.
Best friends just didn’t do that.
Apparently James wasn’t a very good best friend…
 

“Hey doll, what you up to?”

 
James’ first act when arriving at the Compound with a fresh pardon in hand, was to drop to his knees in front of Tony Stark and apologise.
“I’m sorry about your parents and about Siberia. I shouldn’t have got involved, Stevie deserved that punch. I’m so sorry.”
Stark had blinked down at him in shock for a couple of seconds while Steve protested in the background about it not being his fault.
“Well you don’t seem to have the same problem Rogers did with getting on your knees,” was the first thing out of Stark’s mouth.
Silence fell over the group as they all stared at Stark in disbelief. Meanwhile, James’ brain had glitched out.
I like him. Winter piped up.
And that was the start of it. Since not only did Winter like him, James did too. All that golden skin and sharp brown eyes, silky hair he just wanted to bury his face in.
Oh shit.
Stark stubbornly refused to apologise for his words too and James didn’t really want him to. He only barely bit back his response after all.

“I’d get on my knees anytime for you doll.”

Double shit.
 

“You know a guy could get charmed by all these compliments Barnes.”


“Does that mean I’m doing it right darling?”

 
Tony met Winter in less than ideal circumstances, after tossing Steve across the room into Wanda when they triggered him with comments about helping him with some mind magic.
The genius walked into the room to find the assassin halfway to shooting the pair. James panicked for a moment, not wanting Tony to think worse of them than he already did. But apparently Winter was paying attention to what he told him since he paused in his act of aiming at the shrieking witch and idiot super soldier to turn to Tony, pointedly putting his gun away.
“James should not have apologised for your parents. That was me. I am sorry. And I am sorry for pointing a gun at you in Bucharest.”
Tony blinked at him. 
“Don’t know if I like the Brooklyn or Russian accent better,” he mused. “They’re both kinda hot.”
They stared at each other for a moment.
Then Stark did an about-face and walked out the room. Instead of continuing in his quest to murder the morons in the room, Winter trailed after him like a puppy.
James couldn’t really judge since he didn’t argue the action.
 

“I would kill them if you asked котенок.”


“You say the sweetest things Winter.”

 
James started getting nervous around Stark for a completely new reason. Why did he keep saying these things? And then just walking away?
Sexual frustration might be the thing to do in the Winter Soldier at this rate.
That was the reason he ended up spilling pancake batter all across the kitchen floor while making breakfast when Stark walked in.
There was a beat of silence before Stark opened his mouth.
“Well good for you I like it messy.”
He met James’ eyes for a moment before leaving the room again.
Rhodes snorted and started snickering into his hands.
“I am so confused,” Sam muttered.
Steve sighed. “He’s trying to punish me,” he looked in the direction his ex had gone longingly. James bent down to start cleaning up the mess, trying to convince Winter not to bash Steve's brains in out of jealousy.
Everyone looked to Rhodes when he snorted again.
“Got something to say?” Natasha asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Just that you guys are so off base it’s hilarious,” the soldier sneered. Most of the time he ignored the Rogues but this morning he seemed to have something to say.
“What other reason could he have for doing this then Rhodes?” Steve asked challengingly, crossing his arms over his chest.
“Attraction,” Miss Potts’ voice came from the doorway. They turned to find her sharp eyes raking over them. “Tony has no brain-to-mouth filter when he’s presented with pretty things.”
“What?!” James yelped, smacking his head on the counter as he tried to scramble onto his feet again.
Rhodes smirked and started ticking off on his fingers. “Barnes on his knees. All the blood left Tony’s head and went somewhere else. Winter being all professional assassin. Tony’s got a competence kink. Walking in on Barnes making a mess in the kitchen? He just woke up and his filter is even worse then and he probably had some pretty nice dream last night judging by the first thing out of his mouth.”
Pepper huffed a laugh as everyone gaped at them. Then she pinned Barnes with a look. “If you hurt him I’ll destroy you both, HYDRA assassin or not. Who do you think wrecked Captain America’s reputation and credit score?” 
With that she swept out of the room. Rhodes stood up to follow her. 
“Better go find my genius. He’s probably freaking out somewhere again.”
He shot James a warning glare as he left.
Steve gave a nervous laugh. “They’re really taking this
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Not Natasha Romanoff Friendly
Non-Consensual Drug Use
BAMF Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

