Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
Loki opened his eyes and a gilded golden ceiling greeted him. He jolted up and drew in a sharp breath as his hands came up to his neck.
It wasn’t broken. 
Air rushed past his lips as he took several more gulping breaths. His long fingers felt along his trachea, pressing hard until it threatened to interrupt his breathing. 
It was whole. 
As if the humongous hand of the mad titan had never cradled Loki’s life and ended it in the blink of an eye. 
Vaguely, Loki was aware his hands were shaking. He slowly fell back onto his bed and tried to calm his racing heart. 
Minutes ago, he had run at Thanos with a dagger to give Thor a chance of escape only to be dangled in the air like a slab of meat over a fire in the grasp of a giant. And then his neck was snapped and Loki fell to the hard metal ground of the ship, paralyzed and suffocating.
Now, he was in his bed in a room that had long since been destroyed by the fires of Hela and Surtur. The remains of his life surrounded him in lavish silks and stacks of tomes he’d borrowed from the palace library once upon a time. 
From the corner of his eye, he spotted his armor glistening on its stand without a single scratch or singe anywhere to be seen.
He turned his head towards it and the ceremonial gold gleamed from the horns of his helmet, reflecting the deep emerald green of his cloak. 
Loki hadn’t seen that cloak since Thanos let him out of his cell to lead the invasion of Midgard. He’d been wearing it when he fell from the Bifrost and it survived many rounds of the titan’s hospitality before the fine Asgardian cloth was reduced to nothing more than a ratty blanket. 
He’d left it in the cell once Thanos used the mind stone on him. The green fabric hadn’t been important anymore, only the mission and the tiny little voice in the back of his head fighting for control.
Loki supposed he was in Valhalla now. 
Surprising. 
He’d thought it would be more ethereal. Singing sirens, shimmering air, and peaceful fields. 
More surprising was the fact he’d actually made it to Valhalla. Loki was under no illusion what type of life he’d led, full of trickery and lies. He wasn’t like Thor, who reveled in battle and thirsted for combat, ensuring it very unlikely the golden prince would end up anywhere but the gloried halls of the slain and heroic. 
Loki supposed he did die in battle, as one-sided as it was. And he had sacrificed his life so Thor might escape. Perhaps the Norns finally took pity on him. 
Exhaustion tugged at his bones. Loki was so tired. He was tired of living and struggling and fighting every day just to survive. 
He turned from the golden armor and pulled his blankets over his head. He just wanted to rest. Here in the hallowed halls of his ancestors, maybe he finally could.
——-
The next time Loki woke up, the crust in his eyes and a full bladder took him to his adjoining bath. As he splashed water on his face, several bottles and bowls caught his eye and Loki’s lips quirked up in amusement. 
Vanity was one of the vices he’d never given up, despite how difficult it had been to maintain his appearance ever since he left Asgard. The various poultices, creams, and serum for his skin and hair sat where he’d left them so many years ago. 
“Thank you,” he said to the Norns. It was terribly kind of them to indulge his vices in the afterlife. Perhaps they found his vanity amusing. It never hurt to be polite though. 
Nonetheless, Loki wasn’t one to look a gift horse in the mouth. He selected the blue glass first and set to completing his long disregarded morning skin routine. It took effort to look as good as he did after all. 
The mirror in front of him showed his skin lacked several of the marks of age that had scarred it and his hair was lush and soft. Loki appreciated it, he much preferred this more youthful skin than the one marred by the horrors and scars he’d lived through. 
When he was done, he went to his wardrobe and selected the softest shirt he owed, slipping the emerald silk over his shoulders and pairing it with a well-worn pair of black leather trousers softer than butter. 
With a tome in hand, he went and sat in his chair near the balcony, intending to read and relax and not worry about anything. 
The sight that met his eyes was Asgard as he remembered it from his childhood, golden and grand with rainbows shimmering in the air from the cascading waterfalls and in the distance, the rainbow bridge. 
An odd sort of niggling began to percolate in the back of his head. 
Nothing in Asgardian legends said Valhalla looked like the city. It was all tales of feasting and drinking and endless partying. 
His eyes narrowed on the midday sun setting golden spires aflame in reflecting light. He took in the pale skin on his hands. 
The itching in the back of his mind grew. His thumb idly caressed the spine of the tome in his hand as he settled more in his chair. Whatever it was, whatever was going on, Loki had no desire to deal with it.
He wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Time Travel
Asgard
Politics
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Suicidal Thoughts
Depression
Minor Violence
Family Drama
Dysfunctional Family

fandom: 
None
