Chapter 1: used to fight for (part 1)
    




Chapter Text
The last thing she expects to see is a young girl sitting on the bed across from her target.And it wasn’t even because she was a young girl, no, it’s more than that.It’s her.Natasha falters and the girl notices her. Her eyes are bright green and Natasha’s heart aches inside of her chest.No, it can’t be.Luckily, Clint is on the mission and takes charge, dragging the target out of the way while Natasha’s gun is drawn, frozen in place.“Mama?” The child asks and Natasha nearly drops her gun. Clint is by her side again and he knows better than to talk in this moment.Natasha can’t seem to make the words come out of her mouth for a moment, she instead puts her gun away. Because this isn’t possible.No, Fury had guaranteed this wouldn’t be real. He guaranteed that she’d be safe and out of danger.It’s been five years, but it feels like yesterday when she watched her be dragged away from her in that town outside of Budapest. She remembers those two years with Yelena like they were yesterday. Remembers how she grew up and how much love she had poured into the child, not truly understanding that she’d be taken away. She hadn’t started in the red room. She was a child that she had been given for the mission. But then… having her girl dragged away at five…That had been her moment, the moment she knew she needed out. The moment when she knew the Red Room needed to be dismantled and let herself get sloppy. There was only a few months before Clint found her and offered her a way out.Then Fury had offered her a way to take it down. Make sure that no other girls would suffer the same fate as her ever again. He promised that they’d follow the leads back and save the girls.So no, she wasn’t expecting to see Yelena sitting on the bed across from her.“Yelena?” she asks softly, but the girl’s guard goes back up. The knife that was hidden is now pressed against her own throat.“This isn’t real,” Yelena repeats over again to herself. The pressure on her neck causes a line of blood to drip. “This isn’t real.”“It’s real,” Natasha promises, taking a step forward before Yelena jerks backwards in the bed.“No, no.”Clint puts his bow down and crouches forward.“Put the knife down,” Natasha tells.But Yelena can’t. If she’s caught… no, she can’t be caught. She’d rather die than be taken. They’d come for her again and she’d be punished. She’s confused because it’s mama and that can’t be right.“Nat,” Clint whispers but Natasha shakes her head.She moves slowly forward, her hands out open in front of her. “It’s okay, we aren’t here to hurt you,” she promises as she gets closer and closer to the girl. Yelena is shaking in front of her and she remembers when she was four years old and would shake at thunderstorms so badly that Natasha would have to hold her against her chest for hours on end. All the memories she pushed so far down start to creep back up to the surface.“I’m Clint,” Clint finally speaks, crouching down so he’s at eye level with the girl. “This is Natasha, we’re the good guys.”“There are no good guys,” Yelena hisses back. “Only worse.”Clint isn’t swayed by her words, he instead smiles because Natasha knows he’s had this conversation before. Because he’s had it with her before. “I need you to put your knife down, I don’t want you to hurt yourself.”Yelena falters, keeping the knife against her neck but it drops ever so slightly.“We are going to get out of here and you can come with us, we’ll keep you safe.”“There’s no safe, they’ll just come get me.”Natasha is still silent as she watches the interaction between the two of them. While Clint’s been talking, she’s gotten close enough to the girl to reach out and grab the knife from her hands. She knows if Yelena didn’t want her to, she would have fought harder, but she lets Natasha take it.“When I first met Nat, she told me the same thing, but you know what?” He asks and Yelena’s eyes are still stuck on him. “They never did. We made sure they never could.”“How?” Yelena asks, her eyes flick to Natasha’s.“We’ve got some good friends that can take care of you and make sure they can never touch you again,” Natasha finally adds.Yelena pauses, thinking about her options, thinking about the knife that’s hidden in her back pocket and how she could escape if she wanted to. She could escape and go back and be punished for failing her mission. She was supposed to get that guy to tell her where the bombs were and then to kill him before he touched her. Missions like this were easy, things she had been doing since she was 8.She makes up her mind. This is ma—Natasha and some part deep inside her trusts her.So, she does the only reasonable thing and yanks out the knife before plunging it into her own thigh. Clint gasps and Natasha lurches forward, trying to grab the weapon, but Yelena’s already slit down deep enough to complete her directive. She reaches in past her skin and yanks out the tracking device that was buried within. She barely flinches
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Steve Rogers
tony stark & Yelena Belova
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Protective Natasha Romanov
Parent Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova Needs a Hug
One Shot Collection
Kid Yelena Belova
Mother-Daughter Relationship
Kid Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Red Room (Marvel)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Steve Rogers
tony stark & Yelena Belova
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers

