Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony Stark was one of the most stubborn men that Steve had ever met. Which, considering the sort of people that he had been exposed to both before and after he'd been frozen, was really saying something. In this case, though, he didn't intend for that to be a compliment. He crossed his arms over his chest, watching as Iron Man took one last look around the battlefield. Normally this would be right about the time when Iron Man would take off, flying back to Avengers Tower and subsequently bypassing the medical check and debriefing entirely. Not this time. It just so happened that Steve had been close enough during the battle to watch as a lucky shot caught Iron Man unawares, sending him flying head over heels into the side of an office building. Iron Man had recovered quickly, but chances were high he had sustained some kind of trauma. Steve was tired letting one of his teammates suffer alone, and in a couple of long strides he reached Iron Man's side. There was no immediate reaction to his presence, which led credence to the theory that the man inside the suit was hurt in some way. He reached out and clapped a hand on that red shoulder, the armor strangely warm through the fabric of his gloves. "Good job today, Stark. Now it's time to get checked over by SHIELD.""Why don't you go and tell me all about it later," Iron Man said. "I saw that hit you took," Steve said, working hard to keep his frustration from showing. Stark was just too good at noticing those little weak spots and using them to his advantage. If this had even a chance at working, Steve had to stay calm. "I know that the armor gives you some protection, but there's no way you got through that unscathed. Come on, Stark. It will only take a minute and then you can get back to your workshop. I won't even try to make you stay for the debriefing.""I don't want to.""It's non-negotiable. I would hate to have to bench you for the next two weeks because I wasn't completely certain you were at full fighting strength." Even as Steve said it, he winced internally: it was a low blow. He might not have been friends with Stark, but how seriously Stark took his status as an Avenger was obvious to anyone who bothered to pay attention. And Steve prided himself on paying attention. If this was what it took to get Stark to take care of himself, so be it.There was a long pause and Steve had the feeling that it was probably a good thing that the armor didn't have laser eyes that were activated through the force of a glare, or he would have been nothing more than a smoldering pit on the ground. Finally, Iron Man gave a short nod, then jerked himself out from under Steve's hold. He stomped away towards where Coulson was quietly speaking to Clint. Steve watched him go and sighed. It was a pitifully small win because he'd probably just earned himself another step higher on Stark's list of people he hated, but he had reached the point where he legitimately did not know what else to do anymore."Be patient," a voice said in his ear, and Steve turned quickly to catch Bruce by the arm. Bruce wobbled and then recovered, shooting him a thankful smile. "Tony has a hard time showing weakness to anyone.""We all do," Steve pointed out. "But I'm the team's leader. It's my responsibility to take care of everyone." Whether that meant providing Bruce with pants and food as soon as he transformed back from the Hulk, or making sure that Clint and Coulson saw the other was physically unharmed as soon as possible, or helping Natasha find the weapons she had lost during the fight, or consoling Thor when he was on Earth and battle left him homesick, Steve took care of his team. Everyone except for Stark.Well, that was going to change starting now.He supported Bruce as they walked back towards the others. Coulson directed them all into the plane that would take them to the helicarrier. Clint must have been feeling fine, because he sat right down in the pilot's seat and didn't even wait for everyone to be seated before they were taking off. Steve put a hand against the wall to stabilize himself and kept an eye on Iron Man during the short trip. The suit may have been a technological wonder, but it annoyed him that he couldn't see Tony's face through the mask."Coming in for a landing," Clint called out a few minutes later, skillfully guiding the plane into the depths of the helicarrier. He parked and switched the engine off, then turned to say something to Coulson.Steve watched as the rest of the Avengers disembarked the plane - all of them except for one. Iron Man didn't move until everyone else was gone. When he went to stand he staggered, and Steve lunged across the plane and caught him by the arm."Whoa, careful," Steve said, helping him to straighten. "What's wrong?""Nothing.""Because you always have trouble walking? You're not leaving until you get checked out, Stark, so you might as well tell me."Iron Man sighed so loudly the sound was clearly audible even thro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
Little!Tony
Daddy!Steve
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Adult baby
Fluff
Cuddling
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Diapers
bottles
Bathing
consensual ageplay
Daddy Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Cuddling & Snuggling
Platonic Cuddling
Pacifiers
Wetting
Accidents
Bathing/Washing
No Sex
Self-Esteem Issues
Thumb-sucking
firm Steve
tony feels like he has to do everything alone
but that's not true
Vulnerability
issues with vulnerability
safe words
Infantilism
non sexual infantilism

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

