Work Text:
The last time Hiro was in a bot fight was months ago; after all, he'd promised Tadashi, Aunt Cass, several police officers, three shop owners, six small children, and one particularly concerned fire fighter that he would stop fighting in bot fights as long as he attended SFIT. And he'd planned on following through with his promises. After all, he wasn't so dishonorable that he would break one mass promise to somewhere over twenty-three different people. He had some integrity, after all.Not to mention, for the past few months, Hiro's been far too busy trying to … distract Tadashi. He's snuck past the divider that split their shared room and surprised him under the sheets in the morning, taunted him during lunch and at dinner, cornered him in bathroom stalls, locked them both in his private lab, and on one particularly memorable occasion, had dragged him into a Ferris wheel and had made surprisingly good use of the ten minute ride. For the most part, Tadashi has submitted willingly, letting Hiro push him against walls and swallow him down, had muffled Hiro's cries with a hand as he jerked him off from behind—but not once has he ever put his pretty cock where Hiro wants it most.He was originally willing to wait patiently, but the closest he could come to Tadashi fucking him senseless was letting his brother use the vibrator he had bought all those months ago on him far too gently and sweetly. As much as Hiro adores that vibrator, he wants Tadashi, and he wants him as rough and demanding as physically possible. But after months of waiting, how could anyone blame Hiro for resorting back to sex toys in an attempt to satisfy his increasing sexual frustration? He's a teenager, after all—he has to find some way to get himself off.Not that this fact makes him any less humiliated from his apparent inability to successfully seduce his brother, and he glances over his shoulder in a habitual, guilty manner as he hovers his pointer over the zoom button to enlarge an image of bright purple anal beads. If he adds these to his cart, he will be the owner of these, a shiny silver cock ring, a ball gag, handcuffs, a large assortment of ribbons, and several pairs of crotchless panties.He can picture himself wearing each and every one of them; imagines slipping on the scraps of lace that barely pass as underwear up his legs to cling to his slim hips, pictures himself squirming as he rubs against the rougher fabric of his jeans in all the right ways. He sees himself tied up with shiny silk ribbons, hands bound behind his back or above his head, the thickest of the ribbons wrapped around his straining cock; in handcuffs like a naughty thief, gagged with saliva trailing down his chin, ready to be punished; and shivering and whimpering, draped over his bed and stuffed full, quivering prick locked tight in his cock ring.He flushes as he feels a trickle of drool spill down his chin and wipes his mouth hurriedly.His brother lets out a particularly noisy snore, and Hiro stiffens, glancing at the divider that separates their room, fingers frozen on his mouse until Tadashi's obnoxiously loud snorts die down slightly. He bites his lips and scrolls down, adding it to his cart and clicking to save and exit out of the page before he slips back to his bed and dives beneath the covers.As breathlessly enthusiastic as Hiro is to buy these, the excitement of the situation is dimmed by the fact that he can't quite afford all these. What with his bot-fighting career past him and Tadashi's refusal to let him begin working (“You should be focusing on your schoolwork, and besides, Aunt Cass needs us to help out around the cafe!”), Hiro has no way to fund his particular tastes.There's really only one solution, he tells himself. You have to start bot fighting again. The idea is slightly thrilling—after all, it's been months, so he's a bit out of practice, and he'll have to rework his way into San Fransokyo's underbelly—but he'll have to be careful, what with too many angry ex-competitors recognizing his face and his bot.Not to mention, he couldn't let his brother find out. If he remembers anything about his bot-fighting days, it was his brother's suspicious ability to find him no matter where he battled, be it in the worst slums of San Fransokyo or at some foolish rich kid's house. It would be bad enough with his brother finding out that he'd broken his promise, let alone find out why.Hiro burrows himself deeper under his sheets, trying to calm himself out of his high. He'll be able to work out the logistics of his plan in the morning. No one has to know a thing. And if he feels any guilt prickling the tips of his fingers, well, no one knows anything about that, either.
He gets the idea from Fred.“Don't take this the wrong way, dude, but you have the perfect figure for cosplay,” the youth tells him cheerfully, taking a large bite out of his sandwich. “Seriously!”They're sitting together at lunch with Wasabi, Honey, and Gogo, enjoying the heat of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

freeform: 
Feminization
Praise Kink
Spanking
Punishment
Safewords
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Crying
Bot Fighting
Safe Sane and Consensual
Objectification
Protective Older Brothers
Begging
Multiple Orgasms

fandom: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

