Chapter 1





Chapter Text
James Buchanan Barnes is nineteen years old, and he is about to make what might be the worst decision of his short little life.
But he has no real choice.
He’s broke. He’s been lucky to afford to eat for the last three weeks, he’s about to be evicted from his apartment because he hasn’t been able to pay rent in three months, and he hasn’t been able to hold down a job for longer than a few weeks in ages. If he doesn’t do this, he’ll be out on the street in a matter of days. As someone who has already been through that wringer once, he is not eager to do it again.
He watches Steve sign the papers, both copies. Then, he slides the papers across the table to Bucky. Bucky swallows tightly but picks up the pen.
It’s not a legally binding contract, not at all, but more of an outline of what both parties can expect from this ‘relationship’. Rules, terms and stipulations, limits, safety agreements, and so on.
He lets his eyes run over the open pages. Steve’s signature is large and wide, but controlled, much like the man himself. When Bucky signs as well, his letters are tiny and scratchy and messy, and this feels almost like a perfect representation of how unequal they are as people. He signs both copies. He slides one copy back to Steve, and keeps one for himself.
Steve takes the papers. He stands up from behind his desk and moves over to the wall, where he presses his hand to the palm scanner on the front of the safe installed into the wall. He places the contract in the safe then shuts it.
“As agreed, the main parts’a the contract don’t take effect ‘til Monday,” the man says plainly, eyes stone cold as he looks at Bucky, hands sliding into the pockets of his black slacks. “You’ll have the weekend to move outta your apartment and settle into your room. Got my lawyer contactin’ your landlord about the lease and the owed rent. Jack!”
Bucky tries so hard not to flinch when the man suddenly shouts, but he knows he fails. The door to the office opens behind Bucky. He looks over his shoulder to see, and recognizes the guy who enters; it was the same man who met him at the door and showed him up to Steve’s office.
“This is Jack,” Steve continues. “He’s your personal security. If you leave this house, he goes with you. You don’t go anywhere alone. Jack does not leave your side. Understood?”
Bucky knows he’s already shrunk into his chair. He nods jerkily.

“Answer me.”

“Y-Yes, I understand,” he answers verbally this time.
Steve pops his head to either side, his neck cracking loudly in the quiet room. Bucky is intimidated, as he’s quite certain was the point of the action. Steve saunters across the room and stops next to Bucky, removing his right hand from his pocket and placing it on top of Bucky’s head. It lingers there for a moment, before Steve pats him like a dog.
“Good. Get outta my office.”
Bucky gets up quickly. He snatches up his copy of the contract, then all but runs out of the room with Jack on his heels. Once in the hall, he stops for a moment, catching his breath. Fuck. Steve is…really intimidating. Suppose that’s to be expected, though. If a crime is committed in New York, Steve has a finger in the pie. That’s his business. His dark influence stretches all through the city, through all levels of society. No man is too great, no man is too small, they all fall to Steve’s will in the end.
Jack leads Bucky to his room. He shows Bucky the combination to the small wall-safe hidden behind a painting, where Bucky then places his copy of the contract. He also talks Bucky through changing the combination as per the contract, which states that Bucky’s private room will remain private at all times unless he personally says otherwise. Not even Steve is allowed to be in Bucky’s room without Bucky’s invitation. Once the business with the safe is finished, Jack excuses himself and leaves the room, abiding by the rule of privacy.
His room is quite large. It’s up on the third floor of Steve’s massive house, a modern-style monstrosity of a thing. Bucky has a small walk-in closet, as well as an en suite bathroom which features both a bathtub and a separate shower. When he tries the shower, the water pressure feels amazing even on just the hand he sticks in to test it. In his own apartment, he’d be lucky to get any water in the shower at all, for how awful the pipes are.
He throws himself down on the ridiculously large bed and stares at the ceiling.
This is crazy.
He heard about a job from someone, who heard from someone, who heard from someone, and so on; and after some prodding, he was given a number to call to ‘apply’ for the position, and from there, things just spiraled out of control until he ended up here.
At least the sex stuff isn’t…mandatory. Steve made it clear that while his tastes may run along the unorthodox, he has no interest in a truly unwilling participant. Steve does want sex out of this, that’s the point of this thing, but Bucky is allowed to say no.
Bucky was…hesitant, at first. H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Mob
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Age Difference
Older Man/Younger Man
Dom Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Sugar Daddy Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Little Bucky
Virgin Bucky Barnes
Loss of Virginity
Virginity
Virginity Kink
Total Power Exchange
Mob Boss Steve Rogers
Kink Negotiation
Consensual Kink
Kink Contract
Praise Kink
Daddy Kink
Sugar Daddy
First Time
First Time Blow Jobs
First Time Bottoming
Large Cock
Cock Slut
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Rimming
Kneeling
Hand Jobs
Hand Feeding
Cock Warming
Feminization
starts as feminization but bucky sorta Discovers he's gnc
Humiliation
Verbal Humiliation
Possessive Behavior
Spanking
Unrequited Love
Not Actually Unrequited Love
im That Bitch
Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hopeful Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Love Confessions
Violence
Blood
Mild Gore
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
More tags may come
tell me if i missed anything as we go along
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
Dry Humping
Car Sex
Subspace
Sub Drop
Rough Sex
Face Slapping
Choking
standing in the corner as punishment
Somnophilia
Consensual Somnophilia
Violent Sex
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Dom Drop

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

