Chapter 1: Positive Reinforcement
    




Chapter Text

Baltimore, MD
November, 1996
Brock paces back and forth in front of the holding area. A week in the field has done little to curb his frenetic energy, and his C.O. has taken to assigning him the most bullshit post-mission cleanup tasks, all somehow taking place far away from her office and minimizing any chance of a face-to-face with their higher-ups. He's never going to get promoted, he thinks sourly. "It's not 'New Age-y', it's basic psychology. Like that thing with the dog and the bell.""This is a stupid idea." Jack is very young, but over the past eight months has cultivated the risk aversion of a forty-year veteran. Hydra had tapped him almost as young as they had Rumlow. It's amazing what a little shrapnel to the face will do for your worldview."No, right, it's carrot-and-stick, it makes sense. It's weird that they didn't do it before.""Maybe they did and it went wrong and we're all about to get killed by murder-face back there." He pointedly does not look over his shoulder. The asset is staring at the opposite wall, expressionless. Rollins suppresses a shiver. "It's creepy.""Fuck you. Be a fucking optimist for once, fuck. Jesus."Rollins wants to flip him off, but settles for rolling his eyes. He keeps both hands on his rifle when he's in the same building as the asset. Safety first. "I'm just saying, I wouldn't fucking do it. Twenty bucks says he has a total freak-out."Rumlow scoffs. "It's supposed to be a positive experience, your face--""My face is great, and this is fucking kinky as fuck, whose idea was this. Oh my god was it the new Secretary? It was him wasn't it--""--disqualifies you don't fucking say that oh my God--""Don't pull on your hair like that, you'll ruin it--"*"A reward. For your dedication and loyalty," the dark-haired man says. The asset stares. He is certain this has never happened before, and this sub-handler is merely temporary, deputized in the field by his actual handler. She had shouted a lot of things while the rest of the extraction team pretended not to listen.The sub-handler rolls his eyes at someone outside the cell. "I'm not explaining the birds and bees to him, Jesus Christ. Listen, you'll feel good, you'll like it. It's healthy sometimes, to, y'know. Get release." The asset frowns. Release from what? The man makes some kind of vague hand-wave-y gesture. It explains nothing. The asset completed all three of his mission objectives and performed well within specified parameters, he's sure of it. Better than specified. Fourteen hours ago the bodies had been sunk in the river Dniester, and evidence planted suggesting fringe elements of the national Communist party were responsible. He was not seen, and his extraction went exactly as planned. He's already been debriefed and repaired, normal maintenance procedures completed without incident. Deviations from his normal post-mission routine are never -- are never good. His heart rate starts climbing.The asset drops his eyes to the floor."It's not -- you're not being punished, I swear. Fuck, here--"Don't react. A handler can approach him and that is allowed, that is fine, that is--"--don't freak out, okay? This is just their rules, they said it makes it better for you. You'll like it."He goes rigid as the dark-haired man -- a handler can touch him, that is allowed, that is -- slides something heavy and soft over his hair, over his ears, his eyes. The smell of it is distinct. Sharp. The same material as the heavy belt around his waist, the padded cuffs around his wrists, that allowed the technicians to clean him so thoroughly an hour ago. His leverage is suboptimal with his wrists bound to his sides, and the magnetic action of the restraints makes no sound when he flinches.He is being good. He is not resisting and he is being good. He is obedient. "That's good, good. See, it's nice, you're going to have a good time--"An almost-sob, it doesn't count, he is being so quiet and still. He is hardly shivering at all."--you're going to have a good time, and then I'll come get you when you're done and you can sleep. You'd like that, yeah? You be good and then sleep."The asset wishes that could be true.*The asset is escorted along the hallway and into a room. It is two floors down and 344 feet north-northeast of the Medical holding cell, which is twelve floors down and 632 feet north from the southwest ground-level vehicle entrance the extraction team brought him through five hours ago. The asset has had extensive practice operating  at various levels of sensory deprivation, and he is already familiar with the layout of this compound. If they mean to disorient him spatially, they have not succeeded.The sub-handler's guiding hand on his back pushes him forward into the room and then presses down until he sinks to his knees. He has been successfully delivered to his destination, presumably, because the man then walks out and closes the door behind him, rejoining his armed comrade outs
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
Implied/Referenced Torture
Sex Pollen
Cock & Ball Torture
Fisting
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Forced Orgasm
Prostate Milking
Voyeurism
Bondage

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

