Chapter 1: Prologue: Erik
    




Chapter Text
Erik is sitting on a bench in the park, slightly underdressed for the March chill, with an untouched bag of McDonald's next to him, doing his best not to feel like an idiot.
Erik suspects he has spent more time in the park in the last three weeks – rain, snow, wind or shine – than in the entire twenty years previous. He doesn't have anything against greenery, or nature, particularly; it just doesn't particularly interest him, either. Moira, who likes to go out to out to the country and camp and hike on her vacations (that is, voluntarily sleep uncomfortably on rocks on the ground, and walk around for no reason), has joked to him that it's because there's just not enough metal concentrated in one place to entertain him. Who knows? It might have an element of truth to it.
And yet, pretty much any spare moment he's had in these last few weeks that's not been spent working or sleeping, he's been here, for no real reason stronger than he's got an idea in his head and he doesn't want to let it go.
There have been rumors of the lost Xavier kid floating around every since he disappeared, of course. It's been eight years, and the boy was a telepath. Just because he was last seen in New York is no reason to think he's here now, let alone in the park, of all places. Erik has no proof, no justification for his certainty that the boy is around here. Nothing but a vague itch in the back of his head, and the sense that he's missing something. That, and his stubborn refusal to back down.
He looks down at his watch – 3:53. He blinks, and then goes very still, frowning down at his wrist. The numbers says 3:56 now. In just a split-second, three minutes have passed.
The fast food bag is gone from beside him, too.
* * *
Central Park on Sunday mornings is always precariously quiet, the city recovering from the week, some of it shuffling to church, in the few hours before the day truly begins and the city rouses itself again. Erik has a couple of bagels and the Sunday Times and his usual bench. Every few minutes a jogger huffs or sprints by, sometimes a lady pulled by an over-exuberant dog, but Erik and the pigeons greedily eyeing his breakfast are the only regular tenants.
Although he tries to keep his mind open, unconcerned, just beneath his distraction with the paper he turns over why he's here. The only time anyone in Missing Persons bothers with the Xavier case is around the anniversary every year, when they trot their PR person out to say the case is still open and to remind people about ways to report missing or endangered kids. No one else touches it; it's tainted with sensationalism and conspiracy, JonBenet Ramsey, but with mutants.
Metal drifts by him, carried in wallets and on clothing, propelled on wheels, nailed to the feet of the carriage horses. He idly flips through it all, looking for quarters or metal trinkets moving of their own accord. He's heard that some stores a few blocks east of the park have had things stolen, wool sweaters and socks and a fleece hat. It's cold out, the winter holding on; Erik can't blame whoever did it.
While he pretends to be absorbed in mocking the Lifestyle section, he senses a prickly, curious presence, eyes reading along over his shoulder. The pressure is a real thing, fingers brushing the hair on the back of his neck so it stands on end.
Erik makes himself stay very still until the sensation retreats, a poltergeist drawing back.
When he leaves to stretch cold-stiffened limbs, he leaves behind the Times and the extra bagels, one tub of plain cream cheese, one with honey.
Erik has looked it up a few times, these past few weeks. It's always the same two pictures of the kid, both from within a year of his disappearance: one of him at his father's grave, and another from his mother's engagement party, standing with her and her fiance and his son. Both pictures show a solemn-faced child with large, uncanny eyes. It's tempting to look at those eyes and think he looks older than his age, but Erik knows all too well that's the danger of hindsight. He sees the same thing when he looks at pictures of himself, before Shaw came into his life.
Even before this new focus (Moira would say "obsession"), Erik always had a vague interest in this case, in an angry sort of way. The parents had waited five days before letting the police know the boy was a mutant, afraid that the news would leak to the press, which of course it did. There's no way to ever know now if having all the information on exactly what they were dealing with would have made a difference in those crucial first few days. Erik expects not, based on how long the kid has managed on his own; thinking of how powerful his abilities must be to achieve everything he has leaves Erik briefly stunned.
Tuesday morning, before work, he does the crossword on what he's come to think of as his bench. The air is chilly but no longer cold, the sky is overcast, but still bright. Erik can sense beside him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Age Difference
Size Difference
Running Away
Sharing a Bed
Haircuts
Wet Dream
Loss of Virginity
Social Anxiety

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

