Chapter 1: Three Parts Dead
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tick.Tock.Tick.Tock.This is by far the longest meeting of your life. Okay…perhaps ‘longest’ may be an exaggeration, but time tends to go incredibly slow when you’re eagerly waiting for something else. As much as you respect Maria, lunch with Wanda has gradually become your favourite part of every Wednesday - every week if you're being honest with yourself. You two spend most of your days together anyway, but Wednesday is always Wanda time. Wednesday’s for Wanda...Wanda's Wednesday’s...Wanda...The clock seems to come to an agonising stop as Maria drags on the debriefing as long as she possibly can, going through every little detail, every little problem, every little move you made during your last mission. You barely take her critiques seriously anymore after what happened between the two of you. Maria hates you and she can't deny it; she can’t even pretend that looking at you doesn’t make her insides twist and turn.“Agent, do you have somewhere else to be?” Maria sighs as she stops herself mid-speech when she notices your eyes flickering to the clock on the wall every couple of seconds. “I cannot stress how significant these debriefings are, Agent Y/L/N. It is a great way of analysing and critiquing yourself, and pinpointing your faults and flaws to improve and perfect your roles.” Her perfect grammar and goody-two-shoes nature used to turn you on, even more so when you fucked her so silly she’d turn into a blabbering, grammatically incorrect mess. Your eyes glance over her body for a second or two, knowing what’s under her clothes is just as perfect as her grammar.“I totally respect that, boss, but don’t you think two hours is a little excessive? I’m not that bad of an actress.” The corner of your lips turns upwards into a wicked smirk that she scoffs at. The brunette throws the heavy file on the table, making it shake, and crosses her arms over her chest. You let your eyes linger there, making sure she can see exactly where your attention is at. You know it probably won't happen again, but it never hurts to try - it could get you back on her good side.“I beg to differ considering you can’t hide how bored you are.” Her harsh tone is not one people can argue with, so you simply give her a defeated chuckle, tapping your fingers on the table rhythmically.“Got me there.” You murmur, more to yourself than to her.So...this is where you stand. It’s not like you wanted anything more than just sex; it was good for the both of you. But she was right about you being a terrible actress. The lingering looks, the unnecessary touches, the one time you accidentally let her name slip out of your moaning mouth...Maria figured out pretty soon that she became nothing but a distraction from who you really wanted.You did feel bad about it for a while, but only because she looked so hurt and upset all the time. You don’t necessarily think you did anything wrong; people do this all the time, right? Sex is just that, and you had both agreed that sex was all it was between the two of you. What else could she have expected from you? If you were going to feel something you would have already, way way sooner considering you’ve been fucking for years.“You do realise minor undercover missions will be the only ones you will be assigned until you perfect at least one of your covers, right?” Tick. Tock. You really need to get out of here and as far away as possible. This isn't just a mission critique but a way for Maria to punish you for hurting her. It’s clever, you’ll give her that, wasting your free time by spending hours insulting your skillset - or rather the lack of it, as she’s been moaning about for the past two hours. You’ve been distracted for a couple of months, but before that you’ve had nothing but a perfect record.“Okay, I have a suggestion. How about I take the files and write all about how bad I’ve been? I’ll have it on your desk by tomorrow morning, MiMi.” You flirt with her with dangerously seductive eyes, hoping she’ll fold. You hold eye contact with her until she clenches her jaw and lowers her gaze to the files.“I told you not to call me that.” Gentle tone, holding back a lot, hiding her deep emotions but letting you know she has them. She really is clever. Manipulative, even. Because your chest starts feeling heavy with a little…guilt? No. You? Guilty? You already came to the conclusion that you had nothing to be guilty about. You shake that thought out of your head quickly; you’re not falling for her tricks.“You’ve told me to do a lot of things, Hill, have I ever listened?” You plant your signature smirk back on and she sighs, sliding the file over to you.“Tomorrow morning. No later.” Back to stoic Deputy Director Hill.“So bossy!” You tease before grabbing the files and speed-walking out of the room. She really does know how to get under your skin without even trying. Perhaps she wasn’t actually tr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Wanda Maximoff & Reader
Maria Hill/Reader (past)

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Reader-Insert
Super Soldier Serum (Marvel)
Unrequited Love
Love Triangles
Undercover Missions
Undercover as Married
Undercover as a Couple
Angst
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
Jealousy
Jealous Natasha Romanov
Jealous Wanda Maximoff
Telepathic Wanda Maximoff
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma
Past Torture
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Wanda Maximoff & Reader
Maria Hill/Reader (past)

