Work Text:
Sex with Tony is always quick. It’s that delicious slide of skin on skin, the needy grasp and bite of fingers, the continuous movement of hips and gasp of breath. It’s always over far too quickly for Steve’s liking, but it doesn’t stop him from repeating the steps. Which isn’t a bad thing; no, sex with Tony is fantastic, easy and hot and everything Steve wants in a sexual partner. But there is that niggling desire in the back of his head, that he wants to slow it down, wants to relish the buildup, the back and forth of power, and the eventual fall when everything becomes just that side of too much.It’s difficult because it’s not Tony’s fault. There’s something about how Tony gives everything over to Steve, shuts down the thoughts in his head and the erratic movements of his body and focuses solely on Steve. How he loses it when Steve holds him down, how he becomes submissive and bossy all at once, how he talks and talks and talks until Steve silences him with a controlling kiss or a palm over his mouth.It’s something Steve never thought he would enjoy, but can’t begin to understand how to alter.Tony is all electric movement and brilliant leaps of logic. He’s sound and light and touch; he’s something that shouldn’t need to be contained but enjoys it all the same. He drives Steve crazy, pushes and pulls him as easy as the tide. It’s no wonder when they come together it’s explosive.But Steve wants to change that. Not the explosive bit because that is something Steve never wants to smother, but the speed at which the explosion occurs. He wants to slow it down until Tony is delirious, almost deaf and blind to it all, and then he wants to watch him fall apart.It’s a matter of stopping himself from giving over that will be the issue. But he’s always been good at strategy.--He shoves Tony against the wall, catching his wrists when Tony tries to get his hands under Steve’s shirt. He keeps him there, turning the hungry kisses slow, trying to remember his initial plan. Tony groans against him, all giddy desire, and Steve tightens his fingers in warning. Tony goes slack in front of him with little more than a breathy sigh and Steve shudders with want, with a need to take everything from Tony, to catch those simple noises between his lips and cherish them. He releases Tony’s wrists in order to grab under his thighs, hauling him up until Tony can wrap his legs around Steve’s waist.“Yes, yes, this, want this,” Tony says, reaching down and grabbing at Steve’s pants. He manages to get his belt undone and his fly unzipped before Steve distracts him with another hard kiss. Steve tugs at Tony’s own pants, getting them down around his thighs, freeing his cock and his ass, and Tony groans, entire body shuddering. He pulls back to beg, “Want you inside me, here against the wall, that would be so hot, please, come on, use me, please.”Steve pushes him back, smothers his words with his mouth and slides one hand up until he’s brushing along Tony’s cock, slick with precome and Tony moans, heavy against his lips. Steve tries to remember his plan, go slow go slow slow remember slow, but everything is wiped away when Tony tries to buck his hips, greedy noises escaping him as he shoves against Steve’s slack hand. Steve gasps when he pulls away, catching the base of Tony’s cock and squeezing gently. Tony bites his shoulder.“Fuck, please, please, Steve, I want you. Can’t you feel it?” Tony shudders against him, squirming and fighting for leverage but Steve stands still. He fumbles to get his cock free, knowing this isn’t going how he planned at all. “I’m still open from this morning. You could slide right in. I didn’t have time to shower before the alarm went off so I’m still – ahhh.”Steve closes his eyes tight, shoving into Tony and stopping, and Tony scrambles at his shoulders, thighs shaking from the force of Steve’s entry. He had a plan, damnit. Tony whimpers his name, sucking a bruise into the side of Steve’s neck, and tugging at his hair. Steve grabs under Tony’s thighs, makes sure his grip is tight, and fucks into him, deep, sure strokes, and Tony wails, head cracking against the wall as Steve surges against him.Tony didn’t lie; he was still slick and used from this morning, just two hours prior, and Steve breathes out rough, catching his lips on Tony’s exposed collarbone. Tony scratches up his back, fingers tangling in his hair as he moans out obscene gratitude, pulse a fluttering beat beneath Steve’s lips. Steve shifts, drives Tony up higher, and Tony practically screams, his cock jerking heavy against Steve’s stomach. Tony clenches down hard and Steve groans, shoves in three more times before he comes too. They stay like that, Steve’s fingers digging obvious bruises into Tony’s thighs. He buries his face in Tony’s neck, kissing the bite he left earlier, and Tony sighs, wrapping his arms tight around Steve’s shoulders. Tony squirms when Steve pulls out, legs loose around Steve’s waist, and Steve lowers them to the floor.“
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Lots of Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

