Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Chapter One…You sat watching the Olympic gymnast fly over the vault, twisting in the air wearing a skin-tight leotard. You wondered how they managed to stick so many little plastic diamonds on such thin stretchy material. Despite the sun only just peeking through the curtains, you couldn’t help sway on the sofa all giddy dressed in Red, White and Blue. Not the Russian flag but the American flag. It was a small act of spite after all those years in Russia, knowing how the “Home Land” hated the silver medal so long as the US had gold.  An Italian gymnast approached the beam, she did three flips before she lost her footing, her sudden dismount resulted in a cry, as her face paled and you saw her crumble to the ground. The crowd gasping as she clutched the white bone popping out of her ankle. You smiled, eyes lighting up at the aguish displayed in front of you. Frankly entertainment this rife needed ice cream if you want to capitalise on the dramatics of the young Italians fallout. It had to be a ben and jerry’s peanut butter cups.  For the next 15 minutes, you hit rewind on the TV. Watching the snap of the ankle until you went dull again, and the excitement became nothing more than boredom. You knew the games had probably peaked at that moment, so started to consider what you had to do today.  The flat was … sticky. The champagne bottles from last nights shenanigans, lay scattered across the floor. You had made it your mission to cause as much disarray to the company-owned safe house as possible, inviting a whole clubs worth of strangers in to dine on your experience alcohol and city views. As much fun as that event was, you knew it was a matter of time until they sent a red room soldier to retrieve you.  Using the red rooms own safe house as a hideout was bold, even for you. You supposed it was like hiding right under their nose, but now with all this commotion, you knew they were coming.  Still, you couldn’t help but think about how different things used to be from your life now…—————————————-1 year prior,The sound of screams echoed down the mental corridor, you had just left 16 fellow Widows to perish as they had not made it to the next round of training. The mission was to lull them into the old training room and make it out before they suspected anything off. When you had sealed the door behind you, realisation had dawned upon a few of them and they begged you to help them. The screams blurred with cries of Y/N and you walked away not looking back.When you entered the control room, you saw Elaine - your mother - staring at the screen while the cameras showed the flesh falling from their bodies, and they clawed at the doors. These kills never excited you, they didn’t even bore you, you just… felt tired. Looking at your mother making notes on the effectiveness of the poison made you sneer. Torture was for the enemy, not for other spiders stuck in her little web. You didn’t know if Elaine ever cared for you. You were a project. The only indication of care is the fact you were spared from the mind control program. All the other spiders could have their free will removed with the touch of a button but you, you knew exactly who you were and what you were capable of. Everything just seems to be going slowly, as you watch people scatter around the room. You reached into your pocket and decided to bite into a muffin you kept hidden from a few days prior. It was stale. Everyone seemed insignificant when you were the most capable fighter to come out of the Red Room, well… who hadn’t been modified. You could do hand to hand combat, but the fun came with knives. Nothing could beat burring an axe into something solid. Yet, you seem to be used as nothing more than a glorified exterminator recently and that made you nothing short of animalistic as you wanted to feel something again. Boredom made you act out, and when you acted out chaos shortly followed.  You picked out the small raisins from the muffin and flicked them towards nearby henchmen, laughing to yourself as they looked around with confusion. A soft whisper, “Y/N….Y/N…”Bring drawn out of your thoughts, you look where the shrill voice came from. Peaking out from behind the door frame was Maria. One of the younger widows in the program, whom you were charged with mentoring. She had only turned 7 but seemed fairly capable. Seven seemed like a world away, while you were only 17, no one ever allowed you to be a child.  “What have I said about sulking around the compound,” you snarl. You grit your teeth. Her head falls a little, “everyone is saying something bad has happened, but no one will tell me what?”You glance over at the guards standing against the wall, who appears to be avoiding your gaze but listening.  “Maybe,” you lessen your glare, shuffle your feet to a more comfortable position leaning against a grey desk. You push some strands of your hair away from your face. Looking at her with hooded eyes. You take a large bite out of the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
assassin reader
Blood and Injury
Blood and Gore
Fluff and Smut
Humor
Dom/sub
Dom Natasha Romanov
Slow Burn
Age Difference
Grief/Mourning

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

