Work Text:
The first time they have sex, Tony isn’t really hoping for much. Which is . . . really bad actually, now that he thinks about it, but it’s the truth.The thing is though that Steve is a nice guy.  A really, really nice, upstanding, gentlemanly type of guy who doesn’t curse, especially if a lady is present, doesn’t smoke, rarely drinks (and Tony gets that Steve thinks it’s not worth it considering he can’t get drunk, but that would just make Tony drink more if their positions were reversed), and from what he’s gathered the few times they’ve skirted the issue, Steve doesn’t have much experience dating, let alone having sex.  There’s just no way that Steve is going to be up for any adventurous shenanigans in the bedroom initially.  Maybe not ever.  Hell, he probably thinks people sleeping in a California King bed together versus separately in two twins is the height of debauchery.And Tony’s okay with that.  For the most part.Sure, it’s taken a lot of soul searching on his part to decide to pursue Steve seriously.  He has no problem with monogamy, so that’s not an issue, and he’s willing to wait however long Steve wants before they get down to the actual sex.  If that means months of chaste kisses and handholding, well, he’s got porn, lots and lots of porn, so he thinks he can make do.It’s the actual fucking that he’s worried about.  It’s not like he expects there to be twins and a monkey in his room or anything, but while missionary position is alright, it’s not his favorite, and the thought of having to turn off the light every time he wants to have sex is enough to make him scurry to invest millions in the night vision department of his company, because the suit’s current capabilities aren’t going to cut it.Still, this is Steve.  And that makes up for almost everything. Needless to say, he is pleasantly—deliriously—happy when Steve shoves his hand down Tony’s pants on their second date, grip way too tight so that Tony doesn’t even have time to get undressed, just ruins one of his favorite pairs of slacks.  And when Steve pushes him down on the bed later that night, he’s willing to reevaluate everything he’s ever thought about one Steve Rogers.“Tony, oh, Tony,” Steve gasps, pressing bruising kisses against his lips while he tears at his clothes.Tony only vaguely remembers what it was like his first time, that frantic need to touch and be touched, orgasm building steadily no matter what he did, because it all felt good, all of it, the anxious urge to please and do well, so that his partner would want to come back for more.It’s been a long time since then.  He doesn’t even remember when he lost his virginity (that’s a lie, he remembers the exact date and time as a matter of fact, as well as the seven point three minutes it took before they could go again), but he remembers how proud he’d been when she’d come, when she’d looked at him through her lashes, flushed and content.He can’t give Steve that same proof of his appreciation yet, because while he’s definitely thrilled to be where he is, there’s just no way he’s going to catch up with him in time.  Still, there’s more than one way to show approval, and he’s always liked the sound of his own voice.“Yeah, come on, Steve, come on,” he says, scratching red lines into Steve’s thighs as Steve moans and shivers above him.  “That feels so good, you feel so good, baby.”  Steve is probably going to mock him later for that, but Tony’s always had a thing about pet names (it’s a sickness really), and the more he likes someone, the more affection seems to spew out of him. He likes Steve a lot. Like, a lot a lot, so Steve might as well start getting used to it now.“You’re so ready to come, aren’t you?” he asks and has to bite his lip at Steve’s muffled groan, his hips picking up speed as he rubs against him.  “You just need a little bit more.  Don’t worry, baby, I’ll give it to you.”It’s so easy to slide his fingers between Steve’s legs, to brush against soft, hot skin as Steve’s thrusts turn jerky, his powerful legs starting to tremble.“Shh,” Tony whispers, although the sound Steve makes is less words and more of a whine when he pushes the tip of one finger inside him.  “I’ve got you.”Steve’s head is buried against his neck, so he doesn’t get to see his expression when he comes, but he can feel it in the grip of his hands and the stutter of his hips, hear it in the way Steve moans his name.  And surprise, surprise, it turns out Tony was wrong after all.  Having Steve come undone right on top of him, he catches up with him right away, no problem.-----Later, he can’t get over the shock of, well, how forward Steve is, the brazen hussy, and the next day, he finds himself staring at Steve a trifle suspiciously, wondering what else he’d thought he’d known about him is wrong.It’s just, the Steve in his head has always equaled Captain America, the epitome of the word hero, do-gooder extraordinaire, and, to be honest, blushing virgin.  Not that Tony has a fetish for virgin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
Silly
Humor
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Chinese Translation Available
Russian Translation Available

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

