Chapter 1





Chapter Text

August 18, 2011, 5:15 am, Nahanni National Park Reserve, Northwest Territories, Canada

"Good morning, everyone.  I'm taking advantage of the early hour, right before we break camp and start moving to discuss these lovely fellows."  Charles turned the camera to face the outcrop of rocks they had set up camp next to.  He zoomed in on the spotted grey lichen covering the stone.
"Now, in order to fully appreciate this," Charles said, panning the camera back towards his face.  He smiled brightly.  "You need to know that during the last ice age most of the Artic and Sub-Artic were covered in kilometre-thick sheets of ice. But, during that time most of the Yukon, Alaska, and parts of the Northwest Territories remained ice free in a sub-continent called Beringia. While most of the north had to be recolonized from plants that survived south of the ice sheets, Beringia already had a rich flora. Many of these plants survived and..."
"Charles."
Charles stuttered to a stop.  There was clear warning in Erik's voice.  Charles paused the recording.
"Look," he said as Erik approached, already suited for the day.  The look on Erik's face said business, which meant he expected them to have camp broken before the hour was up.  "There is a good chance some of our viewers might be interested in this.  Lichen is very fascinating.  And it's not like I'm wasting film," Charles tapped the camera.  "Digital."
Erik let out an exasperated sigh.  He considered himself long suffering--though it was Charles who had agreed to give up his teaching position in favour of these expeditions.
"I'm not worried about the recording, though we will end up deleting it.  I'm worried about the fact that you're sitting here, with your back exposed, eating breakfast, completely oblivious to your surroundings."
Charles frowned.  He glanced at the bowl of coarse oatmeal--half eaten--at his side, and then to the mug of coffee--instant, the one luxury Erik had allowed.  It took him several seconds to deduce Erik's concern.
"Ursus arctos horribilis," he announced.  This was hardly the first time they'd trekked inside Grizzly country.  Charles was rather hoping for an encounter--that would make for thrilling television.  In lieu of the excitement he was expecting, Erik merely shook his head.
"Enjoy your coffee.  It'll be your last.  Today we're heading off trail."
Charles frowned.  He took a sip of his coffee and then turned the camera back on.  Into it he said, "Apparently today we're heading off trail, which means no more creature comforts.  You can expect Erik to get a little twitchy at this point.  I think he might actually be convinced that the world's bear population are personally out to get him.  Don't worry, if we are attacked, I have been assured that he knows seventeen ways to kills a Grizzly with nothing more than a butter knife."


He smiled then, as he always did when he ended his recordings--it had earned him the reputation as the nice one--and shut off the camera.  Their audience didn't need to see them breaking camp.  They also didn't need to see the propeller plane Erik had used to fly them out here.  Erik liked the audience to believe they lived out here year round.  The thought always made Charles chuckle, especially when they were tucked away in their stylish, Manhattan penthouse.
"Tent's not going to collapse itself," Erik called.  Charles packed the camera away, finished his oatmeal, and went to do Erik's bidding.
There would be no tents after today.
~*~

August 19, 2011, 10:29 am, Nahanni National Park Reserve, Northwest Territories, Canada

"We're currently sitting on the 61st parallel, which means we have about 16 hours of sunlight.  If we'd come during the height of the summer solstice, we would have had a little more than 19.  Sunlight is useful for travelling, especially when travelling on foot through rocky terrain where any misstep can mean a twisted or broken ankle."
Charles paused in his speech, turning the camera to show Erik--or rather, Erik's back--as he picked their path.  His pack was firmly attached to his back; aside from what they carried, and even that was sparse, they had nothing else.
"If, on the other hand," Charles said, turning the camera so that he could stare into its lens, "we'd done this trek during the winter solstice, we would have had a little over 5 hours of sunlight."  Charles smiled.  It always bolstered his spirits, being able to share his knowledge with the world.  This may not have been his classroom at Columbia, but in many ways it was still a classroom; Nature's classroom, Erik would say.
Because he was staring into the camera, and not watching where he was going, he ended up running smack into the back of Erik, who had stopped in the middle of the trail they were following--wood buffalo, Erik had said, and Charles had no reason to doubt him.
"Something the matter?" Charles asked.
"Well, to start, we couldn't make this trek in the winter; not if we wanted to survive, but
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Crack
no really crack
Erik Vs Bears
butter knives
Logan is a puppy
Erik is a puppy
BAMF!Charles
one sided Logan/Charles
Wilderness Survival
Exhibitionism
Outdoor Sex
Stephen Colbert - Freeform
Erik hates bears
Possessive Behavior
Stalking is a valid form of seduction
We're going to need a bigger barrel of lube
two men one knife
reality television
it's educational damn it
Erik's a little obsessive
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe
non powered

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

