Chapter 1: Heirship and House elves
    


        Chapter by elph13




Chapter Text
  The wrist is probably broken. Harry moves it experimentally, wincing as he bends his fingers back. They lift an inch and then tremble. He releases them with a huff, the sting of the pain too strong. Definitely broken. Again. He sighs and opens the bathroom cabinet in the Dursley bathroom. Aunt Petunia keeps a small supply of first aid in there and never mentions when he shows up to cook breakfast with steri strips on a head wound or a bandage on. Today is no different. She takes one look at the support brace on his wrist and sniffs disdainfully.  “Eggs,” she snaps. “And sausages.”  Harry wordlessly obeys, ignoring the way Dudley smirks behind his orange juice as the evidence of his handiwork.  “What did you do, boy?” Vernon growls, his piggy eyes narrowed over the paper.  “Yeah, what did you do?” Dudley chortles.  Refused to scream whilst your ‘boys’ broke my arm, big D. Harry won’t give him the satisfaction of saying it. It’s no cruciatus, after all.  “Twisted it watering the plants,” he says, raising his eyebrows at Dudley, daring him to say otherwise. Dudley’s face screws up in annoyance, but even he knows that if he admits to having broken Harry’s arm Aunt Petunia will be infuriated. The last time Dudley boasted to Vernon that he had smashed Harry’s head against his bedroom door, she had filled the house with her screeching.  
“Don’t ever say that type of thing, even as a joke! Do you know what his type could do if they found out? The last thing we need is those freaks making a house call!” 
 It would have been too much to ask for Dudley to have been deterred by that. He’d simply moved his boasting, and his torture of Harry, outside the house. Still, this was a small victory. Not complaining. Even if it was a pathetic one.  “Watering the plants,” Vernon snorts into his morning tea. “Damn weakling.”  Harry cooks sausages and tries to listen to the radio. A local station is doing a giveaway of a summer holiday to Crete.  “Why can’t we go on a summer holiday?” Dudley demands. “It’s been ages.”  Harry smirks. It’s been four years, actually, since the Dursley’s last disastrous summer adventure. The miserable trail all over the United Kingdom as Vernon Dursley tried to outrun the Hogwarts post owls.  “We’ll go at Easter, love, like we do every year,” Petunia says.  “Piers is going to Spain at the end of August,” Dudley grumbles. “Just because he’s a bloody weirdo…”  Harry stops listening. The radio announcers have moved on to the news. Strange weather in Kent, odd patches of mist that are quite unseasonable. Nothing useful. Nothing that screams Voldemort.  
Except for me. Every fucking night. 
 “Idiot!” Petunia snaps him out of his reverie, shoving him out of the way to save the eggs from burning. “Completely useless, as always. Go upstairs! Get out of the way.”  Harry is all too happy to oblige. He slips past Petunia as she tips the sausages onto a plate and sneaks one off too quick for her to stop him. She scowls at him and raises the greasy frying pan, but this dance is as familiar to him as ducking a bludger. Besides, she says nothing. That’s Petunia’s way, Harry has realised. She doesn’t feed him or take him to the doctor but she doesn’t say anything when he feeds or heals himself. Vernon’s another matter but Vernon didn’t see, and Harry’s running up the stairs before his uncle has even noticed he’s gone. He pushes open his bedroom door, taking a bite of the sausage and sitting on his bed. Hedwig has her head stuck under her wing but she rustles and looks up at him, orange eyes wistful.  “Proper feast, girl,” he flicks half of the sausage over to her and she catches it in her beak, chomping down happily.  “At least we’re starving together.”  Hedwig would probably roll her eyes if she could, reminding him that they are always starving here. Harry shrugs and watches the sky for signs of an owl. He’s written to everyone he can think of, Sirius, Remus, Ron, Hermione, even Neville and Dumbledore, and heard nothing back. He sends letters every night and every morning Hedwig returns, beak empty. Every day he waits for a sign of Pig, of Hermes, of the beautiful parrots Sirius sent all last summer or even, God help him, a ministry owl, any connection to his world. Then, when nothing comes and he can’t hold his eyes open anymore, he sleeps. He dreams. He screams. Hedwig screeches. Vernon yells. Then he sits up in the dark of the night and writes more frantic, pleading letters.  
What’s going on? Are you even alive, is anyone alive? Are you safe? Is he back? Has he taken over? What’s happening? I’m going mad here. Tell me something. Tell me anything. 
 He sends Hedwig off with a beak full and a reproachful glare. He doesn’t dare to sleep again. Instead, he sits on his bed, quietly snacking on the sweets and biscuits he bought on the train, and watches the dawn. Three days in, Dumbledore sent a letter by phoenix fire that singed H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Theodore Nott/Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Severus Snape
Sirius Black & Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Severus Snape

freeform: 
Severitus | Severus Snape is Harry Potter's Parent
Severus Snape is Lord Prince
Severus Snape Has a Heart
Abused Harry Potter
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Abusive Dursley Family (Harry Potter)
Morally Grey Harry Potter
Harry Potter is So Done
Parselmouths & Parseltongue (Harry Potter)
Slytherin Harry Potter
Gryffindor/Slytherin Inter-House Relationships
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Suicidal Thoughts
Child Abuse
Body Horror
Torture
Canon-Typical Violence
Graphic Description

fandom: 
Theodore Nott/Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Severus Snape
Sirius Black & Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Severus Snape

