Chapter 1: Why’s it sticky?
    




Chapter Text
“Mail for Tony Stark.” Happy rolled his eyes, glancing up from his StarkPad. “What, and you think it’s my job to-“ the words fell dead on his tongue when he looked at the parcel placed on the desk. It already struck Happy as odd that Mail would be delivered so late at night, but the holes - the  breathing holes  - in the sides of the box really made him stop. He blinked, wondering what the hell would need breathing holes. An animal? No, Tony wasn’t a pet person. What if it was rabid? Maybe it was a threat. Alarm bells sounded in his mind, making him shoot his head back up to where the delivery man was standing moments ago, only he was gone. “Hey!” Happy called after the man who had already disappeared. By 10pm the entry to Stark Tower was always an eerie place. Most workers had finished their shifts hours before, only leaving security wandering the dark halls of the bottom floors. Happy cursed. “Friday, scan the package.”“Scanning.” The AI’s voice came.The man nodded, feeling sweat bead on his forehead. Everything about this felt wrong.“Scan complete. Heartbeat detected.” “Heartbeat?” Happy stuttered. “Currently at 150 beats per minute, acceptable for a child of approximately six months, if not on the high side of the range.” Happy choked on his breath. “There’s - oh my god there’s a baby in there?” “Correct, Mr Hogan.”“Shit. Is there anything else in the box?”“Negative.” Happy didn’t waste any time tearing at the sellotape that sealed the top of the box, ripping the cardboard flaps open as soon as he was able. Friday was right. There, wrapped in a white blanket, looking like the epitome of tranquil, was a baby sound asleep. The kid had thick brown curls, almost porcelain, blemishless skin and possibly the cutest button nose Happy had ever seen.  “Holy shit.” The driver breathed, unable to do anything but stare. He didn’t have the first clue what to do with a baby, even picking one up. So many questions fogged his brain. Who was this kid? Why had he been left here, addressed to Tony? Was it a he? It looked like a he. Friday said it was six months old so would surely have more hair if it was a girl? Was that shallow of him to think that way? Girls could have short hair too. “I believe it would benefit the child if you took it out of the box.” Friday suggested.“What? No! I have no idea who this thing belongs to - I can’t go around picking up random babies! This is not part of my job description.”“Perhaps the letter attached to the box could answer some of your questions.”“The wha- oh.”He picked up the letter, amazed the baby still hadn’t roused. His experience of babies were all screaming, eardrum rupturing monsters. This baby seemed nothing short of perfect, lying there silently.  
 ‘Tony, 

 I should start with saying the baby is yours. I’m sure it isn’t a shock that your bad decisions have finally caught up with you. And that’s what you were to me too, a bad decision. A drunk, stupid decision. But when I found out I was pregnant I couldn’t bring myself to get rid of it. So I had him, Peter Benjamin Parker, born August 10th, 2012. I loved him from the moment I laid eyes on him and I’d do anything to make sure he was happy.  

 This is why I’m giving him to you. There’s something wrong with that baby and I can’t provide for him the way I know you can. I’ve taken him to doctors but they don’t know what’s wrong and I can’t afford to keep taking him for tests. He eats abnormal amounts, sleeps excessively and is developing quicker than I can cope with. I can’t give him what he needs. 

 He needs you.  

 I trust that you will do right by our child.’ 
 Oh shit. Not to say he didn’t see something like this coming, but for it to actually happen- This wasn’t ending well. Tony wasn’t a kid person. There was no way he was keeping that baby, Happy was sure of it. The man despised children and things had only just started looking up with Pepper, he wouldn’t do anything to jeopardise that now.And how were they to know it was really Tony’s? There’s been hundreds of claims from gold digging women that they had a child with the billionaire. Happy didn’t trust any of them. “Uh Fri? Can you access the medical files of Peter Parker.” “I can.” “Do you have any blood results? Ones that could possibly be used as a paternity test?” “If you’re asking me to run a paternity test against Mr Parker’s and Mr Stark’s DNA, I have already completed the comparison.” “And?” “It’s a 99.9% match.” Happy’s eyes widened. This really was Tony’s kid. “Holy shit…uh where is Tony right now?”“In the penthouse with Pepper.”Oh no, date night. Happy swallowed the lump in his throat as he travelled up the elevator to the penthouse, box in hands. This was not going to go well. It felt like time stood still as the doors to the elevator opened, cautious of the delicate weight in his hands. Were six months olds meant to be this light? Taking one last breath, he stepped out, finding Tony and Pepper turning thei
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Baby Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
tony and pepper are good parents
Precious Peter Parker
Fluff and Angst
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

