Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
    “Incy wincy spider climbed up the waterspout,” the Spider sang as he crawled up the wall, fingers sticking to the rough bricks easily. His muscles flexed and stretched as he scaled the apartment block, silently numbering off the floors as he passed windows.    {In went grenades to wipe the bad guys out,} Yellow continued gleefully as Peter dropped several grenades into the target’s window.    [You guys suck at singing, you know?] White sighed.    Peter scuttled away from the window before it exploded. “I can sing brilliantly,” he defended himself as he covered his ears. Once the blast was over, he uncovered his ears and crawled towards the smoking window. “I can do everything brilliantly. You’re just jealous!”    {Bitter, bitter, venom spitter!} giggled Yellow.    The boxes fell silent when Peter slipped into the ruined apartment. He whistled quietly. “They really need to update the décor in here, don’t you think?”    He wandered through the apartment, dancing back to avoid the flames that still lingered, burning furniture and bodies alike. The scents of singed flesh made him think of barbecues. Not that he'd ever had one, but wasn't that what barbecues were supposed to smell like?    The tiny body of a child made him pause. “There weren’t supposed to be children here,” he muttered, glaring around the room critically. He’d paid well for the intel he’d requested – he expected the quality of reports to reflect his investment.    {I think we got him,} Yellow announced loudly, interrupting Peter's thoughts.    [We need photo evidence,] White reminded them. [Let’s hope he’s recognizable.]    “Or what? They’ll off us?” Peter snorted, stepping further into the apartment. “Please. They’d have to catch us first.”    Yellow snickered. {Good luck!}    [They wouldn’t pay us,] White pointed out.    Peter froze. “Money is very important to us,” he replied in a business voice. He dropped the tone almost immediately. “Let’s find ourselves a recognizable body!”    Five minutes later, Peter had to admit it wasn’t looking good. None of the bodies in the apartment – and there had been more than he expected, almost ten lumps of cooking flesh – were recognizable, and even the boxes could agree that none of the burned and exploded bodies looked anything like the target.    White was the one who finally admitted it aloud. [He was never here.]    “Someone’s given us bad information, boys,” Peter said, climbing back out the window. Someone had called the cops, because he could hear the sirens already. “Let’s go hunting!”  
       The Spider arrived at an abandoned warehouse some time later, bickering with the boxes in his head. The tingle of his spider senses had him dodging the first bullet aimed at his knee – {That would have hurt!} – and the katana that sliced towards his arm – [How rude.]    Peter jumped into the air, sticking to the ceiling even as he looked down and saw the familiar red and black suit. He felt a grin spread across his face that he doubted the red and black figure would be able to discern.    {Hey it’s the Merc with the Mouth!}    [Not this universe, idiot.]    “Shut up you two. Hey Pooly!” Peter called cheerfully, creating a nice bit of web from which to hang. “Any reason you decided to show up and be all friendly?”    [Since when is shooting and slicing ‘friendly’?]    “Since it’s Deadpool, and he doesn’t aim to kill.” Peter dropped a little closer to the hero, giving him a little wave.    “Spider,” the red and black suited man grumbled, sounding more annoyed than Peter thought he had any right to be. After all, he hadn't done anything wrong. “You blew up an apartment.”    Oh. Right. That. “I did. Turns out, someone gave me bad information. Naughty, naughty children.” He shook his head in a disappointed fashion. Then he grinned. “I was on my way to tell them off, actually. But I’ll make time for you.”    [They won’t get very far anyway.]    {Even if they do, we’ll catch ‘em. Right, Spidey?}    “Right,” Peter giggled. He looked down at Deadpool, realizing he’d been speaking. “My bad! What were you saying, big man? Boxes were distracting me.”    “I said,” Deadpool said after a slight pause, “that you killed ten innocent people.”    Peter began to swing back and forth on his web. “I did?” He shrugged, acting as though that piece of information was new to him. “Like I said, bad intel. Not much I can do about that.”    “Damnit, kid! You can’t just go around doing whatever you want! Those people had families.”    Peter froze, staring down at the hero. The boxes were utterly silent. “Everyone has a family, Deadpool,” Peter hissed. “Some people just have them for longer.” He abruptly laughed, dropping to the floor. “Oh man, you’re lucky we like you,” he said, striding up to Deadpool, who barely flinched. Granted, the hero had height and muscle on Peter, but he was the Spider! Deadpool should be a little bit scared. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
pre-fic Harry Osborn/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Merc!Peter
Hero!Wade
Tags will be updated
And will likely change
read the tags
Violence
Fighting
Slow Build
There will be OC's
Hail fucking Hydra
Warnings for insanity?
Language Kink
Because it can't be Spideypool without a Language Kink
harry osborn - Freeform
Dark!Harry
TeamHarryHate
Flip Side AU
Role Reversal
Probably should have tagged as Alternate Universe a LONG time ago
Sexual Content
mentions of past abusive relationship
Cannibalism
Suicide Attempt

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
pre-fic Harry Osborn/Peter Parker

