Chapter 1: siberia
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Siberia was cold.It shouldn't be particularly surprising. A land of ice and snow, after all, with temperatures that never went higher than 10 degrees, was not going to be warm.Yet, laying on the freezing ground of a the hidden bunker, in an over 85 pound suit, unable to move and slowly bleeding out, he was still shocked by just  how could it could get. How fitting: he became Iron Man after getting hit in the chest with shrapnel, and now his own suit would become his coffin. And wasn’t it poetic? The same man his father had been looking for for years in the lands of ice and snow, would protect his murderer and then leave  his son to die in the lands of ice and snow.Sometime after the first hour of pain and rage, Tony had come to the conclusion that Bucky Barnes and the Winter Soldier were nothing but the weapon used to kill his parents. They were the guns who had been placed against his parents' temple, but HYDRA was the one who took the shot.Blaming either Bucky Barnes or the Winter Soldier - were they the same person? the little he knew about them from Steve made it sound like they weren’t but he couldn’t be sure since the man was a liar - was stupid and made him sound like Wanda Maximoff.Still.Wanda and Pietro could be excused for getting themselves experimented on and joining a terrorist organisation to get their revenge on Tony for a bomb he hadn’t made nor supplied, and they got accepted in the Avengers; Tony dared to lose his mind for a second after watching Howard get punched to death and  his mother get strangled,  and he got left to die.How  fucking typical.So yeah, Bucky Barnes and Winter could be forgiven.But Steve Rogers? Captain  fucking America?Tony welcomed the surge of warm anger that overtook him just thinking about the man. If his body could still produce warmth, then he wasn’t freezing to death quite yet. Someone might still get him in time.Steve fucking Rogers, the paragon of truth and everything holy in America had been nothing but a liar and a hypocrite. Captain America, ultimate soldier, had left a man behind in enemy’s land.And Tony couldn’t even find himself to be bitter.From day one Steve - no, not Steve anymore, never again -  Rogers had made his opinion of Tony loud and clear. That no matter what Tony did, he would never be regarded as Steve’s older companions, as the Howling Commandos. I know men with none of that worth ten of you, he had said, and Tony had thought he had sure showed him when he took that nuke through the wormhole. He had thought a truce had been established, and that Steve had, if not started to like him, started to respect him.He clearly hadn’t.And part of him wasn't even surprised.
Tony came to the conclusion that he would die in that bunker around the third hour.Steve Rogers had broken his Arc Reactor - and if his pained breathing was anything to go by, a bunch of other stuff too - with his shield. That meant there was no energy in the suit - no heat - and considering the man had made sure Tony’s helmet was the first thing to be broken and cut off from him, no FRIDAY.His poor baby girl. She must be so frantic.She was so young,  too young to be going through this. She had sounded so scared when the connection had caught off, and Tony wished on everything that the visual feed had cut off before Rogers had gotten on top of him and brought the shield down.She didn’t need to see that.He missed her so much. If he died, he really hoped she wouldn’t blame herself.
Around the fourth hour, he stopped feeling cold. He knew that it wasn’t a good thing, but he couldn’t quite figure out  why it wasn’t. The cold had been biting till then, not feeling it was obviously an improvement.He wondered about Vision, too. He had been with Rhodey when Tony had left, and Tony had had to rush. He never had time to tell him that Rhodey's fall was not his fault. That he had aimed for Wilson and Wilson had moved - as one did - and therefore was not to be blamed.He hadn't had a chance to console him, to protect him; not from Maximoff, and not from guilt.Maximoff could rot too.She should have never put her filthy hands on his son.
“Harley,” he started, sometimes around the fifth hour. “You take good care of your mom and your sister. And FRIDAY. Cause she is so very young, basically a toddler and you have experience with toddlers. And Vision too. He's a baby.”His mind scattered.Harley's blond curls turned into a strawberry blonde ponytail.He remembered meeting Pepper, that first time. She had been so beautiful, with her hair untied and her expression wary and outraged, a can of pepper spray in one hand and a spreadsheet in the other.“Damn you, Rogers,” he said, a while later. Or he thought? He wasn’t quite sure anymore if he was stuck in his own memories or if he was talking out loud or if he was thinking. “Couldn’t even kill me properly. You just left me here to die, you just-”Wen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne
Carol Danvers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange & Hope Van Dyne
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
blood oath
Underage Drinking
Angst and Humor
Consequences
Reunions
Loki is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Loki is their patron god
Oblivious Stephen Strange
Loki Does What Loki Wants (Marvel)

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne
Carol Danvers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange & Hope Van Dyne
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

