Chapter 1: unintentional - Imhotep/Harry Potter (The Mummy)
    




Chapter Text

Harry had been looking forward to this all summer, after the war, and after going back to Hogwarts to finish his schooling - even though he did get an invitation to join the auror course without him finishing his education.
 
Instead, he’d gone to finish his education, and even made sure to catch up on Ancient Runes. Much to the surprise of many, he had been charmed by the profession that was curse breaker - especially after he’d managed to break into Gringotts (although he did owe the Goblin nation an apology and a rather large fine for that).
 
In their time on the run, and in hiding at Shell Cottage with Bill and Fleur, he got to talking with the eldest Weasley and got to know just what curse breaking entailed. The fact that he was willing to learn from a senior curse breaker, and had one of those in his immediate acquaintances, made that the process of getting started had just been the paperwork, before he was allowed to go with Bill on the field.
 
Today they would start their first dig, in Egypt of all places, and wasn’t Harry amazed at the fact that this job would mean a lot of travelling and exploring, as well as getting to know how people used to think or even went about certain things.
 
Right now, they were in the city that had been known as Hamunaptra, the City of the Death (or so they said), where according to locals terrible curses were placed on the underground halls and passages.
 
There were even rumours of a mummy of all things rising here when a group of Muggle explorers had entered the tunnels. But such things had never happened to any of the curse Breakers before. It was waved off as being something of an old wives tale, to scare people away from the ruins, and make them think that if they entered they’d find themselves of the same fate as those Americans who caught a deadly disease from ages ago.
 
---
 
Harry however had been restless ever since they had arrived the day before, which was odd as he had looked forward to being here. He was in Egypt of all places; about to start the first dig of his life.
 
The morning dawned bright and early, with Harry feeling like he was being watched for a good amount of time, something that became even more obvious as they went below ground.
 
“Bill, is it normal to feel like there are eyes on you?”
 
The Weasley laughed, “That's just the first time, Harry, it’s because you feel bad for the people that might be buried here. After all, in a way this is grave robbing, only we’re doing this to preserve cultural and magical artifacts. Don’t mind it, just watch out so you don’t unintentionally activate an ancient trap or something.”
 
Harry nodded, feeling comforted by the wards Bill had spoken to him, he tried to get the feeling off of him and just explore. The art on the walls was beautiful, even if time had made it fade.
 
It was only when he noticed that he was all alone, that he knew he had to get back to Bill, he didn’t know what could happen here and as the man had said, unintentionally and accidentally triggering a trap would not be a good thing right now.
 
Making his way forward slowly, he began to feel the chill from being down here. He could even see his own breath and didn’t that bring back memories of a whole different kind of encounter.
 
Blinking, he could hear a noise behind him, hoping against hope that it was nothing. Which it was, there was nothing there.
 
When he took a few steps forward however, the ground he was standing on collapsed making him fall through and hit his head on the way down. He never did see the man standing there at the hole he had fallen into, a look of shocked relief on his face at seeing him.
 
“My beloved, Anck-Su-Namun brought you back to me, at last.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Imhotep (The Mummy)/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Xanxus (Katekyou Hitman Reborn!)
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Pitch Black (Guardians of Childhood)/Harry Potter
Clint Barton/Harry Potter
Dino/Harry Potter
Booker | Sebastien le Livre/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Rhaegar Targaryen
Harry Potter/Wade Wilson
Kirigaya Kazuto | Kirito/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Skull (Katekyou Hitman Reborn!)

freeform: 
Curse Breaker Harry Potter
Master of Death Harry Potter
Reincarnation
Iemitsu bashing
Nono bashing
Tsuna isn't Decimo
Hacker Harry
Slow Build Relationships
SHIELD bashing
Female Harry Potter
Hedwig Lives (Harry Potter)
Somebody Lives/Not Everyone Dies
Death is best wing being
unconventional spending of an anniversary
Gamer Harry Potter
Magizoology (Harry Potter)

fandom: 
Imhotep (The Mummy)/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Xanxus (Katekyou Hitman Reborn!)
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Pitch Black (Guardians of Childhood)/Harry Potter
Clint Barton/Harry Potter
Dino/Harry Potter
Booker | Sebastien le Livre/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Rhaegar Targaryen
Harry Potter/Wade Wilson
Kirigaya Kazuto | Kirito/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Skull (Katekyou Hitman Reborn!)

