Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Thor Odinson, Prince of Asgard, God of Thunder, has had many interesting ideas over his thousands of years of life. Not all of them had been good, this he knew; but he also knew the importance of standing by what you believed the right path to be. Thor figured, even if later, it turned out you were wrong, at least you could go to sleep knowing you would never just sit back and let the world happen to you or the ones you love. He was not a man to whom ideas came slowly; they came in a bright flash of glory, or not at all (and heroes such as he were not fond of turning away glory). This made the powerful God a veritable juggernaut of good intentions and (often) terrible ideas. 
So, one particularly fine (but oddly quiet) morning in Avengers’ Tower, he found himself sitting and watching as Tony Stark sketched out some new, most likely brilliant plan for some contraption Thor didn’t understand,when he was reminded of his little brother and the countless schemes he had seen him concoct as children, and lo and behold, he had an idea.
The God repositioned himself to the counter so as to get a better vantage point for observation, smiling what he hoped was a business as usual smile when Tony looked up from his assorted mess of papers. He decided it had been succesful when Tony gave a small half smile back and returned to his sketching.
“I know I’m nice to look at, and all,” Tony quipped, as he ran his eraser rapidly over the plans, “But it’s sort of hard to focus with you staring at me like that. Can’t you go play with your magical hammer or something?”
“Ah. Aye.” Thor stood, too enthralled with his rapidly forming theory to be offended, and began to back away from the counter. “My apologies.” He retreated to the couch, and was only more sure that his instinct was right.
He spent what felt like an appropriate amount of time looking at the large mounted television, before he began to periodically peak back at the billionaire deep in thought behind him. he let his eyes trail the other up and down, trying to study every detail that seemed significant. 
He had been witness to the late night and early morning comings and goings of many attractive women to his friend’s quarters. If his idea were to come to fruition, Tony would surely have to be broken of that promiscuity, but to Thor’s advantage, it also was a clear sign that to those so inclined, the man was considered an immensely appealing bed partner.
Tony eventually looked back over his shoulder, one eye brow cocked in question.
“What?”  he asked, voice a mix of worry and suspicion.
“Hm?” Thor did his best to look innocent, something he had been told by Jane that he was infuriatingly good at doing.
Tony frowned, and continued to look at him, clearly in the midst of an attempt to discern why he was being so intensely watched.
“Why are you staring at me? Oh God, did you go in my workshop? What did you break?!”
“Nothing!” Thor insisted truthfully. The Asgardian had barely recovered from the guilt of destroying one of Tony’s newest proud creations the first time he had wandered down there unsupervised. “I swear it, on my honor. I have not!”
Tony’s expression softened, but he continued to appear unconvinced.
“I shall go. I regret to have disturbed your work so,” Thor continued as he hastily rose and hurried from the room. He stopped by the door to try and give Tony one last reassuring smile before he turned the corner.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Family
Matchmaking
Community: norsekink

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

