Work Text:
Steve didn’t go on a lot of dates. They felt like interviews – gave him sweaty palms and nervous ticks and he either spoke too much or not at all. He was mostly always late, because he’d get ready too soon and try to kill time so he didn’t look too eager or desperate to impress and then would get sucked into whatever he was doing and wind up late. He never knew what to wear, and even though Sam had looked at him like he was a complete loser (“Dude, you’re 240lbs of all American beefsteak! Why are you so worried? You look hot in everything!”) He still couldn’t shake the feeling that he was either under-dressed or over-dressed. He hated dating.So when he sat across from probably the most attractive woman in New York, his feeling of unease was compounded. The restaurant was nicer than he expected from the outside and he’d worn jeans. He’d looked at the menu online and it had things like ‘traditional’ and ‘hearty’ and he’d assumed that jeans would have been appropriate. He was wrong.His date (A friend of a friend of a… general acquaintance, really) was wearing a figure hugging black dress and heels so tall and thin Steve had been a little lost at to how she’d managed to walk in them at all – with her lips painted the exact shade of blood red as her nails. He was sweating under the soft lighting and her expectant look. She’d asked him a question. He couldn’t remember…“I’m sorry.” He smiled, and shifted in his seat a little. He was aware that he’d said that twice already. “I’m not… Just… uh…” He trailed off, for the 2nd time in as many minutes.“Maria said you work for Stark.” She prompted, and Steve couldn’t detect any kind of exasperation in her voice, but he knew he deserved it.“Yes.” He nodded, quickly, glad to have something he could actually talk about. “In testing.” He realised that he couldn’t actually talk to her about his job much though. That was the thing – when you work with cutting edge military tech, you weren’t allowed to talk about it. He’d signed so many disclaimers and non-disclosures that he was sometimes unsure if he was actually allowed to tell people where he worked, never mind what he actually did. “It’s um…” He paused, feeling like a total idiot. “Classified?” He hedged.His date nodded, her red hair swaying on her bared shoulders. “Same here.” She smiled, soft and warm and seemingly perfectly at ease even though Steve was probably the worst date of her life. “I work at Shield, so I understand that.” She said. Her voice was rougher than Steve had expected at first, husky – deeply attractive. It wasn’t helping him feel at ease at all.“Right.” He agreed, before he realised that in a couple of sentences that they’d completely exhausted what could normally be relied upon for a good topic of conversation. He squirmed again.“It’s a nightmare,” She smiled, looking over at him with warmth. “It’s nice to meet someone who understands what it’s like,” She added. “It’s hard to find people with the same security clearance.”Steve nodded. “My last date thought I was lying to him,” Steve said, before realising that he really shouldn’t have brought up a previous date to his current date. She laughed though, so it couldn’t have been so bad.“Oh, I’ve had people assume I’m a spy.” She said, warmly. “Or a stripper.” She added. “That was something.”Steve found himself smiling, a real smile for the first time that night. “Oh god – one guy thought I was a gigolo.” He managed, blushing to the roots of his hair, “And I spent 2 hours once telling a very lovely girl that I wasn’t a member of an international crime fighting ring.” He paused. “I still don’t think she believed me.”“At least she thought you were a good guy.” She smirked. “My best friend once got accused of terrorism, communism and the assassination of JFK,” she paused. “By three different dates.” She let him laugh before she shook her head. “James is hopeless.” She smiled. “He’s been on more first dates than anyone in New York.”“I dunno,” Steve hedged, “I might be the world title holder.”“You get set up a lot?” She guessed, and gave him a commiserating look when he just shrugged hopelessly. “Oh, don’t with the puppy-dog look.” She said, rolling her eyes. “People don’t like it when attractive men are single, and attractive men who are not only single but meaningfully employed are diamonds.” She snorted a little. “I’ve been setting James up since he was 16 years old and he’s still stubbornly single.” She shot Steve a meaningful look. “He does that whole kicked puppy look you’re trying on me right now, ‘But Natasha,’ he complains, ‘you know I can’t date!’.” She rolled her eyes again and took a sip of her wine. “Pathetic.”
 They ate, talked, and laughed. For Steve, it was the single most successful night he’d been on in years – he actually thought that they got along just swell.“Did you just say, ‘swell’ in a real life sentence?” Sam asked, leaning back against the wall. They were painting his new apartment – Sam had moved from DC to Brooklyn and St
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Wrong number
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Meet-Cute
First Meetings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

