Work Text:
The fourth guy leaves the pairing room, looking just as pissed as the last three.  His fly’s still open, and he’s wiping something off his face.  Spit, from the looks of it.  Bucky smirks. The man growls at him.  “Well if you think you’re gonna have better luck with that little bitch,” he zips up his fly, “be my guest.”  He stalks off to wait in the next line.  The men behind Bucky are jacking themselves lazily.  He’s got the flushed head of his dick between his fingers, and they’re nice and wet with pre-come.  He steps forward. Some omegas come to the pairing centers on their own, sick with heat and hoping to find a compatible mate.  They sit and open their mouths for each alpha and beta lined up outside their door, lick the cum from their fingers until one tastes right, till their body recognizes the presence of a compatible partner.  Other omegas get caught out with their heats, putting the public in danger of a mating frenzy.  They get dragged to the pairing center fighting the whole way; even when their body recognizes a compatible mate and goes slick, they have to be strapped down for the knotting.  From the looks of the last four guys that left the room, this omega is going to be one of the latter.  Bucky walks through the door, and shuts it behind him.  He can hear the slick sounds of fucking through the thin walls, the omega next door moaning loudly.  The omega man sitting bound to a chair is a skinny piece of nothing, his boxers already soaked with slick.  Bucky’s surprised, for a moment; then the kid looks up, ridiculous fringe flopping over his forehead.  He sucks in a breath, stunned.The kid is full-on glaring at him, as if daring him to come over.  His eyes are dark and arresting, full of fight, his plush lips pulled into a thin line.  He’s panting and flushed with heat, and he should be well on his way to begging.  His hands are gripping the chair, white-knuckled, and his eyes follow Bucky warily as he moves closer.  Bucky nods to the monitor through the two-way glass.  “Hurry it up,” the monitor’s voice crackles through the rusting speaker system.  “There’re a lot of people waiting.”  Bucky stands about a foot from the omega, takes in a deep breath, inhaling the honey-sweet smell of his slick.  He jacks himself a couple times, root to tip.  The omega’s eyes dart down to Bucky’s full, flushed cock, then he resolutely pulls his gaze back up to meet Bucky’s eyes.  Bold, dominant.  Against every instinct that should be telling him to make himself smaller, avert his gaze.  Bucky extends two fingers, covered in pre cum, and holds them in front of the omega’s lips.  The omega looks at him like he just offered him a rotting piece of meat.  “You gonna bite me too?” Bucky says.   He doesn’t grab the omega, shove his fingers forward.  He’s got manners, mind.  “You gonna say any stupid shit?” the omega growls, and Bucky feels himself shiver a little.  The omega’s voice is deeper than he expected, his vowels rough.  “I dunno,” Bucky says, flashing a wide, charming smile.  “My ma always says I talk too much, that I talk out my ass.  Except she don't say it like that, ‘cause she’s a fine lady and doesn’t stand for cussing.”  The omega is looking at him funny.  “Well.  I expect we should get this over with,” he says, feigning disinterest, and juts his chin forward.  He flicks his tongue out, and the wet pink tip of it darts lightly over Bucky’s fingers.  Bucky stares, entranced.   The omega gasps and leans forward, licking off the rest of the cum hungrily.  He gives a throaty little moan, and Bucky’s dick jumps.  Then the omega flinches, jumps back, his eyes wide. Most omegas go through nights of line-ups without finding a biological match.  If he hadn’t responded tonight, this kid would’ve been released, left to wait out the rest of his heat as long as he didn’t go out into the streets again.  But it was too late.  His body was already prepping itself to receive a mate.  Plastic dicks weren’t going to cut it now, if there was any chance they would before.  Bucky hears the click of the side door, the shuffling of the monitor coming in.  The burly man has a set of leather cuffs, ready to put the omega into breeding position.  The omega raises his chin defiantly, and gives him a little growl.  The monitor isn’t phased.  He strides over to the omega and cuts the bindings securing his ankles to the chair.  The omega kicks out, and the monitor grabs his foot before a bony heel collides with his chin.  The monitor stands, and the omega twists furiously, his feet hitting the chair so hard it starts to topple.  The monitor circles him, moving out of range, only getting caught once on the shin.  Then he clamps a broad hand down on the back of the omega’s neck, hard.  The omega’s body goes passive, his eyes rolling, his biology betraying him as he lets out little discontented grumbles.  The monitor keeps his grip firm as he cuts off the bindings on the omega’s wrist, and hoists him easily onto the padded ta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Bondage
Topping from the Bottom
Skinny!Steve
Omega Steve
alpha bucky
tiny dom steve
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
steve/stoicism
sex is consensual
but i felt it deserved the warning

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

