Chapter 1: You’re special, Steve (I remember everything you told me)
    




Chapter Text
Steve comes to slowly, feeling—at first anyways—like he’s waking up from a really long, really good nap. He yawns without opening his eyes, smiling faintly at how damned rested he feels. God, it’s nice. He actually feels like he’s slept enough for once. After weeks of non-stop term papers and studying for finals, he’s been near constantly sleep deprived. But this? This is nice.
It’s only when he opens his eyes that his heart lurches into his throat.
That’s not the ceiling to his bedroom.
Steve gasps, confusion ripping through him and forcing him awake. The peaceful, well-rested feeling dissolves, replaced instantly by icy cold fear. He’s not in his room. Why isn’t he in his room?! Steve shares an apartment off campus with four other guys, and this isn’t his room. He was in his room before, he’s sure of it. He went to sleep there last night. It should be morning, it should—
When he tries to sit up, he finds that he can’t. 
“What the—” 
Horror blooms in his chest as he realizes that he can barely move at all. He gasps, looking down at himself. “Oh my god,” he whispers. He feels his pulse skyrocket. No, he thinks, horrified. No, no, no. It’s not possible.



He’s immobilized and he’s stripped. There’s a diaper on him. Thick, white medical straps are holding him down to a bed. There’s an IV taped at his inner elbow that leads over to a stand and a bag of something clear colored. Steve jerks against the restraints, but they don’t move. “What the fuck?!” he says, even though there’s no one in the room with him. He wriggles again, helpless.

He’s seen this before. 

The fact that he’s searched out this very thing a thousand times on his computer—

“Forced Orgasm”


“Diaper Punishment”


“Humiliation Wetting”


“Babyboy Daddydom”

—does nothing to quell the fear he feels at finding himself this way. He’s never told anyone, so it’s actually even more terrifying. He whines in distress, panicking even more as he continues to pull against the restraints to no avail. He can’t move enough to do anything about the needle in his arm. Not even close. The restraints are properly and thoroughly applied, hugging gently but firmly across his hips and thighs and shins; harnessed up across his chest and shoulders and at multiple points on both of his skinny arms. Steve glances down to his hands, which are encased in padded mitts. He can barely move his fingers inside them, his wrists restrained to the strapping at his waist. Then there’s the matter of the diaper between his legs. Its thick padding crinkles every time he shifts, pressing against his thighs and mounded beneath his butt. He can feel where it’s taped high around his waist. It’s huge, not the sort of thing that they sell in drugstores (Steve should know). If he weren't so terrified, he might actually enjoy the feel of it.
No! Don't even think that! he scolds himself. He feels his breath starting to become short and tight; the beginnings of a panic attack. He can’t get enough air.
This can’t be happening! This isn’t real. He’s never told anybody about his… about the… This has to be a dream. It’s a dream, it’s a dream. 
He squeezes his eyes shut, like some stereotypical victim in a horror movie. He opens them again and everything’s the same.
It’s not a dream.
It becomes painfully clear the longer Steve lies there. He can hear the whir of the room’s air conditioning. He can see the afternoon sun coming in through the honeycomb shades that are pulled over the windows. The walls are painted a muted blue and there are closed closet doors, a ceiling fan that’s not turned on. It looks like a bedroom in a normal house. The bed and IV are hospital issue and out of place, but everything else is unremarkable. Steve can’t get air into his lungs properly. He can’t move! 
This isn’t some dream. He’s actually lying here, strapped to a bed like this.
It’s the fact that somebody knows enough to have done this to him that truly turns Steve’s lungs to ice, makes it hard to draw a breath. The idea that someone has been spying on him and knows enough to have done this to him is terrifying. This is worse than just being flat out kidnapped. This is elaborate, this is… this is planned out. 
Someone knows. 
Steve lies there and panics, trying desperately to think of who it could be, how anyone could possibly know. He comes up with nothing. It’s impossible. He’s never mentioned this to anyone in real life. Outside of the chatrooms he’s visited he—
His thoughts cut off abruptly and he gasps a shuddering breath just at the thought of it. 

DaddyJB91

Hour upon late night hour spent divulging his fantasies, typing away in the dark, ignoring his erection as he stared at the computer screen. The burn of shame and excitement that flared anew every time he would start typing back…
Holy fucking shit. That has to be it. 
Steve’s wide eyes dart around the room again, irrationally afraid to suddenly see someone there
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Kidnapping
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Diapers
Stockholm Syndrome
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Enemas
Humiliation
No Age Play
Wetting
Omorashi
Medical Kink
Breeding Kink
Beefy Bucky Barnes
Inflation
Conditioning
Loving but Insane Captor Bucky Barnes
Daddy Bucky
Feminization
Falling In Love
Extremely Dubious Consent
Kink Exploration
Enemies to Lovers
Dubious Science
Anal Sex
Rimming
Size Difference
Headspace
diaper play
Breathplay
Cock Cages
Embedded Images
NSFW Art

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

