Work Text:




Their first mission call in a long time came unexpectedly. Fury gave them a debrief in just under an hour, before they had to pack and get into Stark's jet. Tony and Steve were enjoying a sparring match when the call had come through, needless to say they were a bit disappointed. Well, mostly Tony because he had Steve pinned under him and he was being an absolute tease. Steve didn't exactly want to go, but it was his job as Captain America to 'do the right thing' in his line of work. Everybody in the tower knew about Tony and Steve now, the apparent 'hot new couple', which then led to the media finding out. Tony wasn't so bothered by it because he was used to his face being everywhere in the media. Steve on the other hand, was a little pissed off, a little annoyed and felt a bit intimidated.
He didn't hate the media per-say, he just couldn't handle them sometimes, the super soldier still had a bit of shyness about him. Not everybody would be going on the mission, Fury only picked a select few because there wasn't any need for every single one of them to be there. They'd acquired a new Avenger in that time that they never had missions. Sam Wilson, otherwise known as Falcon, a good friend of Steve's, but a friend to everybody once he had settled in. The team consisted of Steve, Tony, Bucky, Thor, Sam and Clint. Leaving Natasha, Loki and Bruce back at the tower. It wasn't that they weren't strong enough for the job, Fury knew they were all strong in their own way.
But Steve, Clint and Tony had been to The Savage Lands once before, which Nick had politely put 'was where they were getting their asses sent to' in his debriefing. And he just really wanted to test how well Thor, Sam and Bucky would work there, because that's what Fury does best, tests people to their limits. Loki was also injured, a small mishap from falling down the stairs, and Bruce had some important lab work to continue on with. Which left Natasha to be the lioness, looking after two little cubs...those were Thor's words, as always. Bucky wasn't pleased that he had to leave Loki there and that Tony got to go, but he somewhat understood. Their relationship was growing even stronger as days went by, and Bucky felt like he'd met the one man he'd been searching for after his recovery. Steve couldn't be happier for his best friend, he always knew he'd find happiness from something or someone.
So as the group stood in the hanger where Stark's jet was, the atmosphere was a mix of emotions. Bucky was soothing Loki in his arms, their arms locked around each other warmly as the god wept a little into the crook of the super soldier's neck. Steve watched them with a bit of sadness in his eyes, his fingers laced with Tony's as the brunette eyed the couple with a sad smile. Natasha was fussing around Clint, who simply rolled his eyes and assured her that he'd be fine. Bruce just stood and talked to Steve and Tony now and again when he felt the need. When Loki and Bucky finally managed to pull apart from each other, there wasn't a dry eye in the hanger, not even from Bruce who tried to hide it as much as he could by pinching the bridge of his nose.
Hell Thor was barely keeping it together. Natasha swiped tears from her eyes quickly as she hugged Clint tight, then moved onto Steve, Tony, Thor, Sam and lastly Bucky. She cared for the men like they were her own brothers, except for Clint because he was a bit of a different story, their relationship was of a more romantic sense, behind closed doors of course. Bucky kissed Loki's hand softly, as Tony and Sam carried their bags into the jet. Steve was at Bucky's side once the brunette made his way over, consoling him and telling him that'd they'd be home sooner than he thinks. Natasha had her arm around Loki's shoulder, giving his arm a gentle squeeze. The god was both worrying for Bucky, worrying for his brother and worrying for his friends who were to venture out to a land that was fairly dangerous. He was never so sensitive, but his time with Bucky had taught him how to love unconditionally.
"All of you be careful please!" Natasha called.
"We'll come back in one piece, promise!" Tony called back.
The door to the jet was starting to close now, slowly, as some of them still stood on the stairs. Bucky's eyes were fixed on Loki as he smiled at him, tears still rolling down his cheeks.
"Loki!' he exclaimed.
His green eyed beauty looked up from the ground, eyes locking with Bucky's.
"What is it now you oaf!" he yelled.
Natasha laughed, covering her mouth with her hand.
"I love you!" Bucky confessed.
There were a few wolf whistles from up above, mostly from Steve and Tony, earning them an eye roll from the brunette. Loki's eyes were pooling with new tears as he smiled widely. That was their first exchange of their true feelings.
"I love you too!" he replied.
More wolf whistles.
"Stop it you punks!" Bucky laughed.
The door shut with a loud 'clang' and Bucky wiped the tears from his stained cheeks. A hand f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

freeform: 
Angry Steve Rogers
Tony Being Tony
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Angry Sex
Fluff
Blow Jobs
Rimming
Spanking
Hair-pulling
Rough Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Dirty Talk
Sexual Content
Explicit Sexual Content
Sex
Verbal Tony
Savage Land
Raptors
Biting
Licking
Lube
Blindfolds
Love
Love Confessions
Tent Sex
Riding
Tony Nearly Gets Killed
Reckless Tony
Swearing
Mario Kart
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Loki Feels
Natasha and Loki Play Chess
Loud Sex
Teasing
Thor Made A Joke
Fondue?
Clint and Sam Don't Like Snakes
Natasha Is Wicked
Couple Tony & Steve
Stark Tower
Stark Jet
Feels
Attempt at Humor
Little bit of angst
Natasha & Loki Friendship
Loki Sass
Tony's On A Table While Steve Teases Him
Barebacking

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

