Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He’s in his workshop when he gets the call.
A quick glance at the nearest holotable informs him it’s nearly 3 a.m. when FRIDAY, using her best “let’s not startle Boss while he’s handling the cold welder” voice announces Mr. Everett Ross on the line, and Tony wonders what he’s done to upset the careful balance they’ve been wobbling along since the Rogues’ return to the Compound. Ross has been downright vigilant in his avoidance of stepping on any toes since the presidential pardons came through – especially when it comes to the toes of a certain billionaire whose financial aid could still cripple the Avengers, should he decide to withdraw it – and middle-of-the-night calls are definitely shattering some of those eggshells he insists on walking around Tony these days.
The sudden, calculated distance makes Tony feel icky and he would very much like to ask the man to tone it down between just the two of them, but he’s also pretty sure his old teammates are planning to use the UN liaison against him at some point or another, so covering their bases by overt professionalism is actually a smart move. It puts both of them above reproach in equal measure, but still, not many people would willingly do something that benefits Tony Stark nowadays, so the gesture is appreciated, if somewhat annoying.
“Mr. Ross, what can I do for you at such an… interesting hour?” he asks with mild humor, but his gut slowly clenches when instead of the expected, half a dozen stammered apologies, Ross starts the call with a heavy beat of silence.
“Um… Mr. Stark.”
Tony waits for a few seconds but his increasing panic makes his throat itch, and the nervous babbling starts up before he can convince his brain that not every silence means potential world threatening danger. He always tries, but he seems to have lost that particular ability somewhere around the time he flew into a portal above New York City with a nuke on his back.
“Okay, you didn’t sound the alarm so it can’t be that bad, right? At least it’s not aliens. Is it aliens? Please tell me it’s not aliens, I can’t deal with another talking raccoon, we just got rid of the last one and I’m busy with—”
“It’s not aliens.”
Tony lets out a relieved breath, but the sight of his trembling hands suddenly makes him staggeringly glad this is not a video call. It’s not that he has anything against the ragtag group that landed on his property a few months ago – and why is it always his property with all the aliens – and proclaimed themselves to be the Guardians Of The Entire Goddamn Galaxy, but the news they brought still haunt his dreams on the rare occasions he dares to attempt getting some shut eye.
“I mean, it is aliens—“
Oh god, Tony can’t breathe, he can’t—
“—but they are… not the… bad kind?” Ross tries to reassure but he sounds dismayingly undecided, and Tony just knows this will be the conversation that leaves him with the aneurism that will drop him dead before Thanos even has a chance to come anywhere near the planet.
At this point, Tony is dismayingly undecided about whether that would really be such a bad thing.
“Okay, see, this is not helping, you can’t just go and say—“
“It’s alright, they are not even here yet, we have time to—“
“Jesus fucking fuck, who—“
“It’s fine, I swear! They seem to be friendly, no need to panic over—“
“I panic when I damn well want to Kenny, I have a heart condition you know—”
“—need to stop spiraling Mr. Stark, you’re—“
“—not twenty anymore, you can’t just—”
“Tony!”
—breath in the stomach, hold, five, six, seven—
“Fine… fine,” Tony says an insanely long minute later even though it really isn’t, but panicking won’t solve anything so he decides to push through. “Just… tell me. Kid gloves off. Rip off the Band-Aid, you know. Cross the Rubicon—”
“Alright, I get it,” Ross cuts him off before he can talk himself into another circle, then proceeds to explain the situation with surprising levity.
“Someone made contact with a UN Councilmember yesterday. They claimed to be from… outer space. Some place called ‘Grilia’. We were skeptic at first because… well, the call came through FaceTime, so—“
Tony nearly chokes on his own breath at that, though the laughter holds just as much hysteria as it does genuine mirth.
“How very caveman of them.”
“Indeed,” Ross agrees easily, even though Tony knows the man is guilty of still using the app himself. Barbarians, the lot of them. “Anyway, we couldn’t trace their location back to anywhere on the surface of Earth, so we started looking upwards and found this, uh… a repeater, I guess. Close enough to us to ensure minimal delay, but too far to be one of ours. It barely even shows up on our imaging – definitely not human made.”
“Debatable, but go on.”
“Right,” the liaison clears his throat. “So long story short, they are apparently expanding their territory – not to Earth,” he adds hastily when he hears Tony’s sharp intake of breath, “but we do fall pretty close to their new borders, so they want to have a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Original Male Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
BAMF Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
Political Alliances
Science Fiction
world building
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Genius Tony Stark
Tony Stark is So Done
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Aliens

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Original Male Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

