Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text


Chapter One
“Wade! You mother-hugging -”
“Hey, Petey! Good to see you! How long has it –?”
Peter struck without thinking. The sheer rage he felt was inconceivable, beyond anything that he felt in his entire lifetime, and the sheer violation he experienced only added to all those negative feelings that strove to break loose. It was enough to make his blood boil, so that every breath he took threatened to turn into a hyperventilating panic. There was a sweat across his body that caused the material beneath his armpits to turn into a dark stain, whilst his lips felt white from how tightly he pursed them, and his hands trembled . . .
He barely felt the moment he struck Wade – almost as if he were outside his body and watching someone else commit the deed – and so it provided no real relief, almost like the time when he beat Wade for his perceived hit on an old friend. It was done solely out of a need to do something, to get some sort of justice, but it couldn’t turn back time and it certainly couldn’t make him any less angry at Wade for any of this! Peter glanced down at his hand and winced when he saw blood. It was dusted across his knuckles, almost beautiful in its pattern, but the fact that he bruised his skin and cut Wade’s jaw . . . it made him feel sick.
“What the fuck, Petey? What’s got into you?”
“Oh, like you don’t frigging know, Wade! Just tell me why. Why?”
“‘Why’ what?” Wade stood up shakily. “What did I do?”
Peter let out an inhuman cry. He marched forward to strike Wade again, but the older man dove behind a kitchen counter and began a childish game of back-and-forth. If Peter would try to step around to the right, Wade would move to his right at his end, meaning that they were simply circling one another pointlessly! Peter paused to grip the counter and looked down with a stern gaze. No, he wouldn’t jump the counter. He couldn’t jump the counter. It was too much of a risk, plus there was no point . . .
It was hard to stay calm, but he managed to draw in a long and slow breath. He knew that if he could do it just once, he could do it again, and so he exhaled and drew in another deep breath. There was an oddly calming effect about simply controlling his breathing, so that he could feel his rapid heartbeat slowing down to a less audible and painful speed, whilst his hands – whitening with the pressure of his grip – began to regain composure, and he closed his eyes for a brief moment to centre himself in the midst of this madness. He opened his eyes slowly, but the light in the kitchen was bright and caused him to wince in pain.
He waited for a few seconds to regain his self-control, as well as to let his blue eyes adjust, and – eventually – he looked upon Wade with morbid curiosity. It seemed that his best friend looked every bit as pissed as Peter felt, which was a joke considering this was his fault, but he stood silently enough so as not to make Peter want to punch him again. The wound on his chin was already healing, whilst the pout to his lips made him look incredibly childish.
“Are you mad that I’m crashing here?” Wade asked.
“Do I look mad that you’re crashing here?” Peter snapped back.
“Actually, yeah, you do! Your hair is all mussed up, but not in that cute Andrew Garfield way. It’s just all . . . messy . . . ha, like bed-head! I wouldn’t mind seeing your bed-head actually, because I bet you’d be so gorgeous in the morning all sweaty and sticky and smelly! Hey, smelly isn’t a bad thing! Like a good smelly! Not that I’d want to smell you, because – duh – morning breath, but you know what I mean, right?”
“Wade, I swear to God -! If this is just because I wouldn’t go out with you on a date -! Oh heck, is that what this is about? Did you do this to get back at me because I wouldn’t date you? I – I told you that I’m straight! You – you can’t do something like this because –”
“Aw, you’re so hot when you’re angry, Petey!”
“You’re so dead!”
Peter forgot his sense of safety. He lifted a leg to climb onto the counter, before he dived across the kitchen in one leap, but – unfortunately – Wade held reflexes just as quick from his almost excessive workout routine. The sudden landing on the tiled floor sent a jolt through his body, which made his muscles ache and his body feel heavier than he liked, but he ignored it to turn and advance on Wade. He felt his legs feel tight and strained, whilst his back felt as if it were being stabbed with needles, and he gave a hissed breath of anger.
“Wrong, I’m so Deadpool,” teased Wade. “Get it right!”
“I let you use my apartment in Stark Tower,” said Peter. “I let you see my face. I told you my identity. I thought -! I thought we were friends of all things! I don’t know how you did this, Wade, but you will fix this right now! Make it go away!”
“Make what go away, baby boy?”
“The – the baby . . .”
Wade was now pressed firmly against a far wall. The hood of his top fell to cast his face in shadow, whilst his t-shirt undern
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Unplanned Pregnancy
Mpreg
Friends to Lovers
Magic
Discussion of Abortion
Male Slash
Family Drama
Arguing
Swearing
Canon-Typical Violence
Sexuality Crisis
Bisexuality
Implied/Referenced miscarriage
Cesarean Section
Parent-Child Relationship
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Foreplay
Sexual Content
Medical Procedures

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

