Work Text:
At age fifteen, Steve Rogers had been in love with Tony Stark.By age twenty, he’d (mostly) gotten over it. And then he promptly became Tony Stark’s fuck buddy. It started one drunken night at a stupid party. Steve was lonely and full of poor judgment. Tony was also there and just as drunk, although certainly not lonely—Steve didn’t think it was built into Tony’s DNA to be lonely, not with the billion and a half friends he had around. Steve bumped into Tony by accident, and when Tony smirked at him and said, “Oh hey there, gorgeous,” obviously having no idea who Steve really was, he thought, Fuck it, and kissed Tony, fast and sloppy on the mouth. It wasn’t the ideal first kiss, but it lead to Tony breaking away and gasping, “Wow, okay, yeah, let’s do more of that,” immediately tugging Steve up the stairs and into the closest empty guest room.Steve lost his virginity on a paisley comforter that reminded him a little too much of his grandma’s house. That was okay, though, because it was with the guy he’d crushed on since freshman year of high school. The same guy who’d taunted and teased him, but still made Steve crazy, the idiot that he was. When it was over, Tony nipped at Steve’s chin lazily, spooned up against his back. He asked, “What’s your name, anyway? Or should I just keep calling you Gorgeous?”“S-Steve,” he whispered, blushing in the dark from both embarrassment and pleasure. No one had ever called him that before, and Tony had said it about a half dozen times in an hour.“Steve what?”“Rogers.”“Mmm,” Tony hummed, nuzzling Steve’s temple. “Knew a Steve Rogers in high school. Real scrawny guy, scrappy.”Steve huffed out a laugh, suddenly a little too aware of how not clothed he was. “Uh, yeah, that’s—that’s me. Or, you know, was me. Sort of.”Tony jerked back and blinked down at Steve, one arm braced over him. “You’re...you’re Rogers? But—you’re so—” He flailed his hand at Steve.“Growth spurt?” Steve replied dumbly. He was still kind of drunk and post-coital and distracted by the fact that Tony smelled so damn good, even with sweat and come clinging to his skin.Tony shook his head, then gave Steve a grin that made his cock twitch. “Something like that, yeah,” he murmured just before licking back into Steve’s mouth, all filthy and slow. Steve melted into the bed again, arching into Tony and ready to go a second round, only someone started pounding on the door to announce that the cops had shown up.“So we should do this again,” Tony said as they scrambled back into their clothes. He pressed up against Steve, mouthing at his neck as he palmed Steve’s ass. Instantly, Steve shuddered, trying desperately to form words, until he realized Tony was fishing for his cell phone.“I’ll call you.” He punched a few numbers in, what Steve guessed was a text to his own phone, then handed it back to Steve with a lopsided grin.He left Steve standing alone in the room, shirtless, blinking owlishly, and hard in his jeans.~Unfortunately, Steve kind of forgot to tell his best friend he’d become fuck buddies with Tony Stark.A couple weeks after the party, Peggy looked at him over the top of her MacBook one day during their afternoon study session and said, “You got laid, didn’t you?”Steve nearly choked on his mouthful of Pepsi. “Um?”“You’re all—relaxed. Smiling all the time. You haven’t freaked about your mid-term project to me once in over a week. That can only mean one thing.” “That I’m dealing with my stress better?”“Could be, but no. I’m thinking that you got some.” She squinted at him, leaned across the library table, then swatted him on the arm.“Ow! What the hell was that for?”“I can’t believe you had sex for the first time and didn’t tell me. What am I, chopped liver?” She sat back and crossed her arms primly, one eyebrow raised. “So? Who was it?”Steve swallowed, glancing around at the empty stacks. “We’re in a library, I’m not gonna—”“Then perhaps you should’ve thought of that before you kept pertinent information from me. Spill it, Rogers.”He took a deep breath and tried not to think about how he’d been naked and on his knees the night before, yelling things he thought only porn stars said out loud. “I, um...it’s someone you know.”Peggy actually smiled. “Yeah? That’s good, what’s his name?”“He went to Southbridge.”Her eyes widened. “Really? I didn’t think there were that many people from high school here, just you, me and—” She stopped. “Oh, no. No, no, no, not—”“Peg, just listen—”“How did this even happen? Tony Stark, are you kidding me?”“It just did, okay?” Steve rubbed a hand over his eyes. He knew Peggy meant well, having seen just how pathetic Steve’s high school crush had been, but damn it, he was twenty years old now. He could handle himself. “That stupid party you dragged me to, I shouldn’t have done those shots—”“Oh my god, you slept with Tony Stark while drunk?”“I wasn’t that drunk! I remember everything, and it was—” He looked away, blushing. “It was really, really...great.” He bit his lip, feeling a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
fuck buddies

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

