Chapter 1: Meeting Tony Stark
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Elleanor could feel several eyes on her as she walked quicky down the hallways she'd known for over a year. And while that had been enough time for her to learn to always look straight ahead to her destination and avoid people's eyes, it hadn't been enough time for people to get used to her presence and just mind their own business.An extra hop to the omega's step as she thought about the lecture she was about to attend, it was somehow easier than usual to ignore the depraved comments from some of her classmates. When an alpha stepped a little too close to her so she'd brush against his chest in the middle of the crowded hallway, all she did was roll her eyes and walk faster, only one goal in her mind.Elle had managed to be one of the hundred students chosen to attend a lecture on artificial intelligence. It wasn't at all in her field of studies, far from it, but she was interested in almost anything that got her brain ticking. Biology was her passion, but she loved knowing a bit of everything.And if the subject itself wasn't enough to get her excited, the lecturer definitely was. What kind of strings the university had to pull to get Tony Stark there, she had no idea. And while most people wanted to listen to him because he was the Iron Man, all she cared about was the tremendous amount of information that must live in his brain. If she could just squeeze her way inside it and gaze into the vast halls of knowledge hidden in it, she'd die a happy omega.A small group of alphas and betas were standing by the entrance to the auditorium when Elle got there. Taking a deep breath and gathering her courage she walked straight ahead, planning to walk right into the auditorium, despite her being ten minutes early. When she felt the pair of squinted eyes following her she tried to walk faster, as if she could outrun his stare. Just as she thought she might make it, the pale, dark haired alpha in front of her, reached out to bar the entrance to the door with his arm."Oh this has to be a joke." He laughed cruelly. "Who exactly did you fuck to get in here?"Quite used to the insinuation, Elleanor didn't even spare him a glance. She had gotten there the same way he did and she knew she deserved it just as much, if not more."You're blocking my way." She said, her voice steady, showing no emotion at all."I asked you a question, omega." The alpha growled out and the way he mentioned her rank made her clench her teeth. She hated when people spit it out at her as if it was some kind of insult. She may not be your typical omega, but she loved who she was and she was proud of her rank."And I chose not to answer it." She replied, proud that none of her emotions were spilling into her voice. She sounded indifferent to the whole exchange, just as she wanted.His eyebrows raised and he growled deeply before starting to walk closer to her. As soon as he did though, the way into the auditorium was free. So Elleanor took advantage of her smaller stature, quickly slipping past the now angry alpha as she squeezed her way into the room.The young alpha followed her and when they'd both stepped into the room, the alpha not half as far behind the omega as she'd hoped, they both felt the imposing presence of an older alpha standing on the platform at the front of the auditorium. What made them both stop in their tracks was the faint trace of anger hidden in his scent.Elle almost felt her excitement dwindle, thinking her presence had caused it, until she remembered that he'd been the one to choose the hundred attendees out of the thousands who had applied. Knowing the university wouldn't have hidden her rank from him, she let herself relax a little and quickly moved to take a seat in the front row.When the younger alpha realised the anger was aimed at him, he lowered his head and as discreetly as possible went to take a seat in one of the middle rows as Elleanor had expected him too.The omega tried not think about the fact that Tony Stark was mad at something the other alpha had said to her, knowing her brain loved imagining things that weren't there. Especially if it involved an alpha. She had accepted that no one would ever think of her like that, she just had to remind herself every once in a while. So she made sure not to look up from her notebook until she was sure the older alpha was definitely not looking at her.For the first time in a while, Tony had no idea what he was feeling. He knew when he'd first seen her application that he had been surprised and impressed. Unfortunately, barely any omegas made it to college and even fewer stayed past the first few months. Not only that, but the young girl was at the top of her class and her resume included several lectures and seminars out of her field.
"What are you looking at?" Natasha asked curiously as she noticed him staring intently at the screen of his computer. The r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor/OC
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Original Female Character(s)
Bruce Banner/Original Female Character(s)
Thor/Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega OFC
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Beta Bucky Barnes
Beta Clint Barton
Omega Bruce Banner
Alpha Thor (Marvel)
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Pack Dynamics
Team as Family
Domestic Discipline
Dom/sub
Sub OFC
Domestic Avengers
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor/OC
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Original Female Character(s)
Bruce Banner/Original Female Character(s)
Thor/Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)

