Work Text:
Clint looks at Coulson through his sights. “Smile, sir, it might never happen.”
He can see Coulson lift his radio. “What have I told you about aiming that thing at me?”
“That it shows my preparedness for the day you inevitably get sick of us all and turn to the dark side?”
“That day may come sooner than you think. No chatter on this frequency please, you’re supposed to have your eyes on the target.”
“They’re not going to be in range for another thirty seconds. What do you want to talk about in the meantime?”
“Hawkeye.”
Clint sighs. “Going quiet, eyes on target, yes sir.”
 
*
 
They practice on the range at SHIELD, because Stark hasn’t finished whatever remodelling he claims to be doing at his mansion. Coulson fires off a few rounds while Clint watches him.
When Coulson turns to look back, Clint sends an arrow flying into the centre of the furthest target, just to show that he’s here for legitimate reasons. Coulson raises his eyebrow.
“Just keeping my hand in, sir,” Clint says. “You don’t need to look so serious all the time.”
“If you had my job, Barton, you would understand. And this is what I don’t understand: everyone else claims you don’t talk. I have difficulty with that notion.”
Clint processes that. “Everyone who?”
Coulson sighs. “Who- your team-mates, Agent Barton.”
“I talk to Natasha.”
“Excepting those team-mates who have carried you across international borders while you were bleeding copiously over each other.”
“I don’t know that I would say ‘copiously’. Or, wait, did you mean oh-six or oh-eight?”
“Oh-six.”
Clint cannot protest the copiously on that one. They had barely known each other back then, but the mission had really brought the two of them together. So: “I still talk to her. I talk to the others too. I’m not all Kumbayah holding hands around the campfire but we talk.”
Coulson reloads. “Apparently they disagree.”
“And they told you?”
“I’m very approachable.” Coulson says this in the kind of deadpan a poker-player would kill for. “People tell me things.”
“Are these people Natasha? Because she’s hardly Miss Congeniality herself.”
“No, but she does manage to see her team-mates in a non-lethal capacity every now and then.” He fires off another two rounds. “Apparently you’ve been missing scheduled team meetings. Captain Rogers worries that it’s something he said.”
“Steve said-?”
Coulson assumes a mock-earnest expression. “Do you resent his leadership, Clint? Seeing as how you’ve been doing this job for so much longer and you do have seniority in terms of experience in the field?”
“Sir-.”
“Stark thinks you don’t want to work with civilians, Banner thinks you would rather not have to work with a team-mate you might have to tranq at a moment’s notice, and Thor seems to think it’s something to do with your opinions of his brother. And no, they didn’t all come out and say this. I inferred.”
“Sir.”
“So in comparison with all that, I must look positively cheery.”
“Sir-.”
“Good night, Agent Barton.”
 
*
He doesn’t actually miss team meetings. Clint turns up at official briefings when Coulson tells him that his presence is required. He drops by when Cap mentions that he needs to talk about something. These things are more informal.
When Clint walks through the doorway into the Mansion’s kitchen, Steve does a double take. “Clint.”
“Hi.”
“You’re- do you want something to eat? I’m making popcorn. We started a bowl already but Thor…” He gestures in a way which actually communicates perfectly clearly that when you work with Norse Gods, sometimes food disappears almost on its own. “And we’ve got the microwave, so it won’t take long.”
“Sure.”
It’s not that Clint doesn’t like his team. They’re all- well they clearly have a variety of different things wrong with them, they’re dangerous to be around and they’re capable of pissing him off on a variety of levels but none of those things are the reason he hasn’t been around much. Clint doesn’t really know what to do with a team. He’s had partners before; of course he trusts Natasha with his life. He has worked as part of the same SHIELD team for a few ops in a row but nothing more sustained than that. And he’s the guy with the weapon at the top of a building - he’s not on the ground back to back with one of these guys. It makes a difference.
Clint forces himself to open his stance, unclench his fists. He sits down at the table and looks at Steve. “Do anything fun today?”
Steve blinks at him and then smiles. “Tony tried to teach me how microwaves work?”
“Yeah, but you already knew-.”
“I knew how the buttons on the machine worked. He wanted me to understand the science.”
“Isn’t that what, I don’t know, Wikipedia is for?” Stark isn’t the most patient teacher.
“Tony doesn’t trust Wikipedia,” Steve says. “Apparently the article about him lacks appropriate citations.”
Steve grins and Clint’s answering smile is just an honest reflex. The microwave beeps and Steve turns to get the popcorn out. Clint steals a handful of it and heads back outside again. He can’t do t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Trust Issues
Team Dynamics

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

