Work Text:
 The first time Tony Stark walked into his tiny coffee shop, Steve thinks it was an accident. Has to have been. The man can afford to have his morning coffee made in Colombia and flown to his penthouse before it gets cold. There’s no reason why he’d prefer Steve’s coffeehouse concoctions.
 More likely he’d been heading for the neighboring laundromat that serviced high income clientele. But why would Tony Stark pick up his own laundry? He must have a personal assistant to do all that for him.
 Eventually Steve realizes Stark is waiting to have his order taken.
 “Hi,” Stark says. “Happens all the time. People are overcome by my presence, don’t worry, totally understandable. Though you’re the first I’ve had gawk at me for a full minute.” He gives Steve a slow smile that makes his pulse jump.
Steve clears his throat. “Sorry about that. What can I get for you?”
 “What do you recommend? I'm breaking my usual schedule, here.”
 Steve thinks for a second. “Well, I’ve been told the café miel is good-”
 “Excellent, I’ll take it, give me that,” Stark says.
 As Steve brews the espresso, steams the milk, and prepares the honey and cinnamon, he watches Stark from the corner of his eye. Stark fidgets with the condiments, bores of that, takes out his phone and lets his fingers skitter across the touchscreen.
 He’s younger than Steve would have imagined, the CEO of Stark Industries. Steve has seen billboards with Stark's face on them, magazines with his face on the cover. Starkphones are the leading smartphone in the world. In fact, any electronic merchandise carrying the Stark Industries label skyrockets on the consumer market.
 Stark Tower looms in front of his coffee shop, all shining metal and glittering glass. He walks past it on the way to work.
 Steve starts to hand Stark his order. Stark pauses with one hand on the cup and gestures with the other. "These drawings on the walls- done by you?"
 "Yeah. I was an art student."
 "They're pretty good," Stark allows. He takes a sip of his drink and his eyes widen slightly. "So is this. Wow. I might just have to come back here- No, you know what, you just got yourself a repeat customer."
 Steve feels a grin spreading across his face. "You'd be my first. Repeat customer, I mean."
 Stark gives a dramatic display of disbelief, flourishing his coffee. "I refuse to believe that. This is too good for-"
 "This is only my second day of business," Steve interjects. "I opened yesterday."
 "Really?" Stark raises his eyebrows. "Well, now that I've tasted your coffee, I have to say I'm glad you did. Plus you're right across the street. Convenience is always good."
 Steve wonders if he should be flattered. Mostly he's just confused.
 "Thanks," he says automatically. If the CEO of Stark Industries prefers his coffee, should he really question it?
 "I'm Tony, by the way," Stark says, even though it’s clear Steve knows who he is.
 "Steve. Rogers," Steve says, and Tony smiles, tips his coffee in a mock salute, and walks out the door.
 
-+-

Tony returns the following morning and Steve looks astonished. Tony can’t imagine why. He'd said he was going to come back, hadn’t he?
 When Tony first heard that a coffee shop was going to be opening across the street from Stark Tower he had been interested in a detached sort of way. A potential supplier for his caffeine-fueled nights in the workshop? Sure, he was all over that. And then Tony had caught a glimpse of its owner.
 Tony can't pinpoint the exact reason why he's taken an interest in the young art-student-gone-barista. Actually, no, that’s a lie. He can. Steve is fucking hot. Tall, built like a comic book superhero. He had those amazing blue eyes and that pouty mouth. Plus he had an air of sweetness and innocence that Tony, being Tony, had a base urge to corrupt.
 Tony steps up to the counter and presents his best smile. Steve’s eyes dance shyly away. That was much cuter than it had a right to be.
 "I said I'd come back, and here I am. And I'm expecting the coffee to be just as amazing as last time, if not better." Tony winks. It doesn't make the confusion fade from Steve’s face. "Kidding, I was kidding, you know that, right? I do have high standards; I realize that, but nothing to be worried about-"
 "I'm not worried," Steve says quickly. "What can I get you?"
 Tony hesitates. "Okay, how about, as much as I enjoyed the last one, how about something a bit sweeter?"
 Steve manages to look surprised and interested at the same time. "Sweeter than café miel?"
 "Yeah. I've got a bit of a sweet tooth. Pep always says I would be about fifty pounds heavier if I didn't spend so much time in the workshop, not eating. Or sleeping, for that matter. And she makes me get off my ass and work out every once and a while, so there's that."
 “Pep?”
 “Pepper, she’s- well she’s pretty much more in control of my life than I am.” When Steve looks confused again Tony clarifies. “She’s my personal assistant, but honestly, she’s much more than that. There’s reall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shop

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

