Work Text:
Peter sat on the couch, munching on apple slices while watching cartoons. He was instructed by his nanny to wait until his father was home, so he sat patiently till a door opening was heard.  Peter jumped off the couch, running with a smile towards his daddy at the door. Tony smiled, picking his son up and kissing his face. “Hey baby boy, were you good for Pepper?”  Peter began nodding then yawning slightly, dropping his head onto his father’s shoulder. Tony rubbed his back before turning off the tv and walking with the little boy up to the bedroom, setting him gently on the bed and picking up his pajama’s that were set out.  “Peter, cmon you have to sit up now.” The boy made an irritated noise, but did as told and lifted up his arms for Tony to take off his t-shirt. “There we go.” The adult mumbled and folded up the shirt, setting it to the side as Peter laid back down. “Up.” 

Peter lifted his hips as best he could, staring at his father with glazed and tired eyes while his little panties were removed. Tony inhaled sharply, trying to stare away from his son’s big brown eyes and spread legs, he busied himself with pulling up a new pair onto Peter’s torso. He was about to put some pants on the boy, but Peter squirmed away with an annoyed look on his face.  “Peter-“  “Don’t wanna! I’m v’ry hot!” Peter whined, mashing his thighs together and turning himself away from his dad. Tony sighed and returned his pants back into his drawer, kissing the boy on his forehead and wishing him goodnight.  “L-Love you, Daddy.” Peter said, before dozing off into sleep. Tony smiled and turned on the boy’s nightlight, before walking to back to his room. 


Why’d his omega son have to be so fucking cute? 
  The next night Peter told his daddy he hadn’t felt well, and Tony couldn’t help but be concerned. He brought up going to Uncle Bruce, but Peter’s cheeks had turned red and he’d run away and into his room. Tony was left standing there concerned and  after giving the boy sometime to wind down, he knocked on Peter’s bedroom door gently.  ”We won’t go ok, Peter? I just wanna know where it hurts, can you show me?” He heard some sobs coming from the room, then the door was opening as Peter came into view.  “I-I can’t Daddy!” Peter pouted, and Tony’s hands began wiping at his son’s tears. “It’s ok, I just want to know that your ok. You can close your eyes, alright?” Tony offered to Peter, who nodded and laid back down on his bed.  Tony let out his hand and Peter’s small thin hand took it, guiding it towards where it hurt. The small omega lead the hand to his abdomen, then lower and onto his princess parts. Tony sucked in a breath while Peter moved it further down, close to his inner thighs and then released his daddy’s hand.  “Baby, can I look? I just want to know your ok, alright?” Tony asked and Peter nodded in return, the alpha turned on the lamp light and slowly settled in between his young son’s legs. He pulled off the boy’s frilly baby blue skirt, watching as his son’s pale thighs pressed together at the scrutiny. Tony rubbed his thigh chub, attempting to calm the boy down, then began caressing his scent glands on the crevice of his legs. The kid visibly calmed, breathing deep while his daddy spread his legs once more. Then the smell finally hit him: slick. It was running down the small omega’s thighs, coating his lower half in the fluid and making the boy look incredibly obscene. Tony inhaled the scent, before realizing that no, no that’s wrong. His cock twitched with interest as he watched his young son who was clearly in heat, toss and turn for a knot. Something he didn’t even know of, yet. But his body sure did.  “Peter, take a deep breath.” The boy looked into his father’s eyes, doing as told. “Good, good boy. Your in heat, do you know what that is?” A slow nod. This may be easier than the alpha had thought.  A cramp struck inside the omega, causing Peter to cry out, clenching his fingers on his daddy’s shoulders. “I-I don’t know what to do!” Peter sobbed, without even realizing he’d began rubbing against his father’s hard on. Tony felt himself getting harder while Peter’s body had started to move his little panty clad pussy over the bulge, the young omega sighing in pleasure as he took what he needed. It was natural to be affected by the pheromones, but Tony couldn’t help but feel dirty at his lust.  “Daddy, p’ease! Pwease help me!”  Tony then, lost control. He grabbed the sides of the boy’s slicked up underwear, pulling down the garnet and tossing it across the room, before his eyes met the beautiful thing under him.  Peter’s cherry red clitty was enlarged and his sweater had ridden up on his pale skin, revealing his small but still growing breasts. Tony further helped the omega take off his sweater. He leaned down, mouthing at his son’s neck. Peter arched into the contact, body crying out for something…anything alpha.  Tony felt his resolve breaking once again, his hand had traveled down to the small omega’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Underage Sex
Parent/Child Incest
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Extremely Dubious Consent
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Virginity Kink
Daddy Kink
Biting
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Knotting
Squirting
Simultaneous Orgasm
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
peter is 10
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Tony Stark
Boypussy
Age Difference
Power Imbalance
Humiliation
Starkercest

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

