Chapter 1: March 27th, 2018, Wakanda - Bucky POV
    


Notes:
BEHOLD! My COVID-19 baby.Proudly brought to you by Rath's poor mental health & procrastination skills ft. Melbourne Lockdown #6 (Extended Edition)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

March 27th, 2018

Bucky's Hut, Wakanda
Bucky stared at the name. He'd never known it.
Dinah Lewinsky.
She was a Polish Jew. She had immigrated to the U.S as a child with both her parents. She and her parents settled in Utah where they then had another daughter, Golda.More things he hadn't known; he'd thought her sister's name was Jane. Maybe it was her English name? Who knows? He hadn't even suspected that she'd been born outside the U.S.Reading on, he saw that all the Lewinskys, except Dinah, had died in a house fire on Christmas Eve 1935. The house was condemned and the property was razed, leaving the girl all alone in the world with nothing but the clothes on her back. It's no wonder his girl was always solemn on Christmas.He had known her family was dead, but seeing their death certificates was a surreal experience, as he was confident not even Darcy had seen them.And no matter what the papers said, she'd always be his Darcy. He didn't know this girl named Dinah. Obviously, Darcy hadn't wanted him to. For a moment, he felt he was being disrespectful to her memory, as delving into her past had always been a hot topic between them. But she was gone. What harm could knowing now do?As his eyes roamed the document, his heart clenched at how clinically her life had been presented. Cold, hard facts were listed in dot points, and not an ounce of her fire and stubbornness bled through.She shouldn't have been reduced to words on paper. She'd been so much more.He flipped the page, and what he saw made him grit his teeth. This part he'd had an idea about. However, as was often the case with Darcy, he'd never been given a name.Jonathan Morris.The scumbag she'd run from.There, between his fingers, was a marriage certificate dated October 12th, 1937, declaring Dinah Lewinsky the wife of Jonathan fucking David fucking Morris. He had half a mind to burn it.Quickly, scanning the other sheets of paper, he noticed that anything else about Jonathan was conveniently absent.Natasha was probably hiding shit from him. He wasn't fazed. Sooner or later, he'd find out what he wanted. If they lived to see another day, that is.He glared at the offensive document. How could a piece of paper be so rage-inducing?A quick mathematical solution later, and Bucky determined they'd been married less than five years before she'd run from him. Darcy probably only married him because she was all alone in the world, and he'd abused it.Fucking scum of the earth.Scum of the earth, fucking scum of the earth, fucking scum of the earth!Bucky doubted he was still alive, but if he was, the Winter Soldier would gladly pay him an enthusiastic visit.Darcy would never speak of her husband - damn near bellowed his ear off the last time he'd demanded answers - but he could only imagine that he'd been pure evil. Darcy saw the good in everyone and was loyal to a fault. Jonathan fucking Morris would have had to have damn near killed her for Darcy to give up her identity and flee the state.Moving on, he'd found the information he'd already known; her residence at a boarding house in New York City and her employment as a secretary at a law firm. These, however, were listed as Darcy Lewis, the name he'd known and loved her as.Nothing, however, following 1945.His gut twitched with a warning, and he sensed someone's approach."Natalia.""Yasha."She was the only one who insisted on calling him that. Really, she was the only one left who knew that pet name. It was not a train of thought he wanted to dwell on. "Steve said you'd started looking into it."He shrugged, shifting in his chair to properly face her, "It seemed like as good a time as any."They were also likely going to die tomorrow in the fight up against Thanos, and honestly, he was sick of not knowing. When he first started to remember his beloved Darcy, he'd dismissed her as a fling of old. Then, when she became more prominent in his memories, he'd thought fondly that perhaps they'd been sweethearts until his draft. However, she was clearly a strong and lingering presence in his old life. As the memories bled through his dreams and haunted his waking thoughts, he knew he'd vastly underestimated her importance. Before long, he could remember just about everything about her. Chocolate malt shakes, baseball games, tumbles in his bed... a love he had never thought he'd experience. Eventually, Bucky had given in and asked Steve about the short, stubborn, fiery brunette that still claimed his heart.The unsure smile Steve sent him had made something coil uncomfortably in his gut."I looked into her when I was first adjusting," he'd admitted."…and?""… I'll have Natasha give you what she found."Which was currently laid out in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Explicit Language
Period Typical Attitudes
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
1940s
World War II
Violence
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Protective Bucky Barnes
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Relationship Problems
Eventual Smut
Sexual Tension
Platonic Relationships
Sassy Darcy Lewis
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers Friendship
Gay Male Character
Original Character(s)
Dirty Talk
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Discussion of Abortion
Abortion
Wrongful Imprisonment
Brainwashing
Falling In Love
Mutual Pining
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Canon-Typical Violence
Gun Violence
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Canonical Character Death
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Drug Addiction
Suicidal Thoughts
Homicidal Thoughts
Torture
Religious Content
Murder of Pregnant Woman
Unreliable Narrator
Autism
Mental Health Issues
Original Character Death(s)
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Found Family
Not Beta Read
Period-Typical Racism

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

