Work Text:
Steve jumps when JARVIS calls his name. He can’t help it; he’s been lying in his bed for at least three hours, trying desperately to think about absolutely nothing, and definitely not what Tony has been up to in the lab.“My apologies,” JARVIS says mildly. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”“It’s fine,” Steve says, sitting up. “Is everything okay?”“I believe so,” JARVIS replies. “Mr. Stark asked me to inform you that he’s ready for you to go down to the lab.”Steve goes from sitting to standing without consciously asking his body to do so. “Tony said he’s ready?”“Well,” JARVIS says, “I did paraphrase, but that’s the essence of the message, yes.”“Thanks,” Steve replies, walking into the hallway. He tries to keep himself to a walking pace, but now there’s no way he can not think about Tony, about what else is in the basement, about what he’s about to see-“Well,” Tony says with a grin when Steve stops in the doorway, “I’ve made a few improvements to the overall design, but the basic idea is the same.” He tugs his shirt up over his head and tosses it to the floor; his eyebrow rises toward the ceiling, and Steve belatedly realizes that it’s something that he usually chastises Tony for.“Um,” Steve says, glancing at the shirt.Tony laughs, and Steve’s eyes flick back to him immediately when Tony’s hand goes for the button on his pants. “So you’re going to watch,” he says conversationally, nodding his head at the cot in the corner. Steve walks to it, never taking his eyes off of Tony. When he sits down and looks around, he can immediately tell that Tony has rearranged the room for the occasion, piling blankets on the floor in front of where Steve is sitting and adjusting the lighting just so.“Tony,” he starts, meaning to ask what or how or, possibly, why, but Tony shakes his head and cuts in.“You’re going to watch,” he repeats, flicking the button, “while I lay down and let this thing fuck me.”“Oh,” Steve replies, blushing at the words, and coloring further when Tony’s eyes drop to the very obvious tent in his pants. Steve grabs at the sheet on the cot to keep from covering himself or reaching out or pushing his hand into his pants.“I’m not going to touch you, and you’re not going to touch me,” Tony continues, “and, well, I probably won’t be touching me, either, given the – well, I’ll let you figure that part out on your own, actually. But you,” he says, smiling the slow smile that never fails to make Steve’s blood burn through his body, “you’re going to touch yourself all you want. Clear?”“Crystal,” Steve mutters. He can’t seem to let go of the sheet, though, not until Tony crosses the room and leans in to kiss him. His hands frame Steve’s face as their lips meet, and it’s hot and sharp and almost playful as Tony nips at his mouth. Steve’s hands move almost automatically to Tony’s waist, pulling him in and holding him steady.“Okay,” Tony says as he pulls back, “now we’re not going to touch each other.”Steve laughs softly as Tony stands back up and walks back towards the tentacle machine. He drops his pants as soon as he’s out of Steve’s reach, tossing a smirk over his shoulder as he runs a hand up the length of the nearest tentacle.“Any requests?” Tony asks, flicking the end of the tentacle with his fingertip. It ripples and moves, curling around Tony’s hand and tugging. He laughs as he stumbles toward it.“Oh,” Steve says, almost involuntarily. Tony glances over and grins.“I think we’ll just see where it takes us this time,” he suggests, and all Steve can do is nod.Steve turns his attention to the tentacle thing. Tony had added more arms to it while Steve was upstairs; instead of the four he’d originally had, there are now eight that Steve can see, each covered in that same synthetic skin material that Tony had talked about earlier. They’re uniform in every way that Steve can see.Tony hums, and Steve’s eyes snap back to him immediately. He tugs the wrist that the tentacle is wrapped around, and the tentacle thing responds by sending another tentacle out to catch his other wrist. Tony tugs harder, clearly straining against the restraint, and Steve wants to call out for a minute, to get up and stop it, but then Tony nods and lets his shoulders slump.“Strong,” he says, satisfied. He glances over at Steve and frowns. Steve has no idea what’s written on his face, but the tentacles immediately slip away from Tony’s wrists and he takes a step towards Steve. “Hey, what, no bondage, got it,” he rattles off. “I didn’t think you’d be – but it doesn’t mater, if you don’t like it I’ll just-”“Tony,” Steve breaks in. “It’s fine, really. It just looked like you couldn’t-”“Ah,” Tony says, eyes lighting in understanding. “No, see, JARVIS is monitoring my respiration and heart rate, and if they go to unacceptable levels, he’ll pull the plug on the whole shebang.” He flashes a smile. “Safe, sane, and consensual, right?”Steve flushes. That had been an interesting conversation, though this seems like it might be just as fun. “Just –
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Tentacles

freeform: 
Tentacles
Fucking Machines

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Tentacles

