Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
When Flash Thompson went around telling everyone at Midtown that Peter didn't have an internship with Stark Industries, he wasn't technically wrong. Peter wasn't an intern- he is in fact the heir to SI and CEO in training, ready to take over for whenever Pepper steps down. He is the future of SI, so Flash is right- just not in the way he thinks he is. "And you're sure you're gonna be okay?" Tony asked for about the fiftieth time that morning."I'll be fine dad, it's only until Friday. I promise I'll not burn the Tower down and I'll not get killed as Spidey." Peter said with a laugh."Okay, but if you need anything, and I mean anything, I'm one phone call away okay." Tony said, he really wished he didn't have to go on this business trip, even if it was only for a few days. He knew everything would be fine and Peter would be just fine without him, but that wasn't going to stop him from worrying.  "I will, I promise, so long as you call me whenever you can." Peter replied- as much as Tony was going to miss Tony- Peter was going to miss him just as much, since the whole Thanos fiasco, the two hated being away from each other, which is fully understandable. "You try and stop me kid." Tony smiled. He hugged Pete and the two said goodbye as Tony left, if they both got incredibly emotional, then that's between them and FRIDAY. Whilst Tony and Pepper were away, Peter was in charge of everything at SI- he is the heir and will become CEO when Pepper steps down, so it's good training for him, besides, Peter gets on  really well with everyone there anyway- so he's confident he'll do just fine. This was on Monday, it was now Friday and Tony was scheduled to be back in the evening, neither of them could wait.By Friday, Peter was anxious for Tony to get back- all he had to deal with was a couple of meetings in the morning, and the owner of another tech company coming to look around for a potential deal and then Tony would be home soon after- he'd done the rest of the week, just a few more hours should be fine. However, what Peter didn't know was that his class was going for a tour of Stark Industries that day..."What a shock Penis Parker didn't turn up, guess he's just a coward who didn't want to get caught out in his lies." Flash laughed as everyone boarded the bus. "Peter's been off all week, so I don't know why you expected to be here today, anyway he's not lying." Ned defended even though he knew his words had zero impact on the bully. "Yeah sure whatever, and I'm best friends with Captain America and I'm going on a date with Black Widow later." Flash mocked. Ned really hopes that they see Peter just so he can prove everyone wrong and that he does have an internship. The group get the the Tower and everyone files out the bus quickly in excitement over the trip. They are warned by their teacher, Mr Harrington, to be on their best behavior and to stay together because he can't afford to lose another student or have another disaster- he really doesn't understand why the school make him go on trips any more with his record. Peter is in his second meeting of that morning when the businessman from the rival tech company arrives, Peer instructs FRIDAY to take him up to one of the upper tech labs to look around and that the employees there will answer any questions or queries until he gets there. When Peter arrives, the man is yelling at one of the employees for their apparent poor work and poor quality of product that they have made, saying that they are trying to deliberately give him bad products to ruin his business deal. "I demand to speak to whoever is in charge, instead of you idiots." The man raged, clearly thinking he was above everyone there. What the man, and Peter, didn't notice was that at this moment the elevator on the opposite side of the room opened at Peter's class stepped out. "And that would be me." Peter spoke up confidently. Peter's class did a double take, that couldn't be Peter, surely? "I said I wanted to speak to who's in charge, not some brat." The man snarled, waving his hand dismissively at Peter. "Peter Parker-Stark, at your service." Peter said with a fake smile. The man seemed unfazed when Peter revealed who he was whereas Peter's class couldn't believe what they were hearing- Peter is a Stark; he's Tony's son. "You really think I'm going to listen to a child, you may be a Stark but you're nothing compared to your father." He belittled, Peter's class expected Peter to just take the insults, like he did with Flash- instead Peter shocked them all. "I may be significantly younger than you, however that does not negate my intelligence, nor the fact I am the heir to this company and the future CEO. You are expected to pay me the same respect you would my father when he is here. As he is away I am in charge and what I say goes, if you have a problem with that I suggest you leave and any thoughts of a business deal is off the table." Peter said flatly, remainin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Sassy Peter Parker
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
It's another field trip fic you know the rules
And so do I
Fluff
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

