Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Omega Contract
 
Bucky and Steve walked into Stark Mansion, confident that they would leave with the contract to guard the Stark heir.  Normally, as the owners of ‘Avengers Security Inc’ they wouldn’t bother dealing personally with negotiating a contract for personal security for a young, rich, spoilt brat.  But when Howard Stark called you himself, and not one of his minions, you took the time to deal with his request for a meeting in person.
 
“Good morning Captain Rogers and Sargent Barnes, please have a seat, thank you for agreeing to meet at such short notice.
 
I require immediate 24-hour Alpha security and discipline for my son Anthony, he has recently presented as an omega, he needs to be kept pure and out of any trouble until l can arrange to mate him off when he reaches legal mating age.
Bucky grinned at Steve.
 
“Mr Stark, if we take the assignment, we will have to take the boy to live with us. It would be impossible for us to reside in another Alpha’s home territory.”
 
Howard nodded.
 
“Yes, that would be the best possible solution as Maria and I are heading to Europe tomorrow morning and will not be returning until September.  I have a lot of important business meetings in various countries and Maria will be staying with her family in Italy for the summer due to her poor health.
 
Here is the contract l have had my lawyers write up, please read it and if you agree to the terms, l will have my lawyer and Jarvis come in and act as witnesses for the signing.”
 
Steve reached for the contract, taking his time to read it make a few notes in the margins on various pages. Once he had finished, he handed it back.
 
“Sir, in monetary terms the contract is acceptable, but for us to have complete autonomy over your son for the period of the contract you will need to give us full guardianship rights.
 
You will be thousands of miles away, in different time zones and immersed in your business negotiations. It would be impossible for us to contact you every time we need your permission to allow your son to visit friends or go out in public as an unbound omega.  Also, with guardianship rights we can chose what forms of discipline and correction will be best suited to your son, and if you want us to start him on some soft omega training whilst we are protecting him this covers anything that we do, as we will be legally classed as family.
 
I have made some notes for your lawyers, we will return this afternoon to sign and collect your son, if you agree to our terms.”
 
Howard frowned; this was unexpected but maybe it would be for the best in the long run.  He wasn’t stupid, he had caught the faint whiff of excited alpha pheromones coming off Barnes and the tiny smile the Captain had on his face when he had caught sight of the photo of Maria and Anthony on the mantle.
 
An omega heir was disappointing and had upset all his plans for the boy, Anthony was incredibly smart, bordering on genius and would have been an asset to the Company.  But omegas were flighty and uncontrollable when unbound, which was why the law stated they had to be bonded within a month of coming of age at 16 or when they had their first heat regardless of age.  
 
It was fortuitous that Maria was once again in a delicate condition and this time he was taking no chances, Maria would be supervised and weaned off her bad habits in a sanitarium and then stay under the watchful eyes of her family, out of the public eye for much of her pregnancy, only returning once the baby’s birth was imminent.  Exclusive new genetic testing had recently become available to those who Could afford the fee, meant that he knew the baby would be an alpha boy, there would be no stress any more of waiting for secondary gender presentation.
 
“I will have my lawyers amend the contract, we will meet at 4 pm for the signing and you can collect Anthony at the same time.  He usually gets home from school by 3.00, he has his final exams this week, but then school is finished.  I would ask he be allowed to finish this part of his education as l dislike wasting money and he would need the minimum of these qualifications to be able to work in any capacity at Stark Industries, if his Alpha allows it.”
 
After shaking hands with Stark, they returned to the waiting limo, ordering Happy to take the back to their offices. 
 
“Steve, this is fucking fantastic, not only do we get a fresh omega to play with but if we plan this right it could lead to adding Stark Industries to our portfolio, the talk is Howard is low on funds and is looking for investors, hence the trip to Europe. 
 
The Company has never risen to the heights it could have after his business partner Stane, was found guilty on all charges of embezzlement.  There is not a lot of faith left in Howard Stark’s judgement amongst American investors.  Having it known he only has an omega heir will further exacerbate his problems, regardless of his wife’s condition.”
 
“Buck, l am going to have C
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Rape/Non-con Elements
Underage Sex
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Male Lactation
Omega Tony
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Pepper Potts
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Forced Feminization
Forced Bonding
Manipulation
Non-Consensual Touching
Non-Consensual
Non-Consensual Spanking
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Explicit Sexual Content
Emotional Manipulation
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Loss of Virginity
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

