Chapter 1: If Given The Chance
    




Chapter Text
In Peter’s professional opinion, the world had gone to shit. When Tony had snapped, bringing back half of all life and stopping Thanos, everyone thought that the world would go back to the way it was. But nothing ever works out so nicely, does it?Tony died, leaving the Starks broken.Natasha died, leaving the avengers without their glue to hold them together, and Clint without his best friend.Steve left, leaving Bucky alone and the avengers without a leader. Were the avengers even a thing anymore?Wanda was having a breakdown someone in Jersey, rightfully so after everything that happened to her.Then there was the whole John walker situation.During all of this no one seemed to step up the same way Tony, Nat or Steve did. The avengers had lost its leaders, and the world had lost its hope. People were rioting about the treatment of the blipped people who had lost everything. People had lost everything, and no one in charge seemed to care. It seemed that bringing everyone back wasn’t the end all to fix the problem the snap had caused, though no one wanted to admit it. No one wanted to believe that everyone still wasn’t okay. Peter had tried to stay happy through out all of this. To stay the same “friendly neighbourhood spider-man”, but all it seemed to do was repress his trauma he wasn’t ready to deal with. If anything he felt… selfish. Like he had no right to be so effected by the snap when other people had lost everything, he still had May and Ned, even MJ. So why did everything hurt so much?The first time he tried to put back on the suit, to go on patrol again his mind took over. Suddenly he was on Titan again, dying in Tony’s arms.Please I don't want to go sir, I don't want to go. Mr stark, sir please. Im sorry.Then he was on the final battle field, carrying the gauntlet across an unknown space to an unknown person to fight a villain he didn’t really understand. Screams filled his ears, calls for help from all direction. And yet Peter didn’t know what to do,Then he was watching Tony snap. His body unable to move, stuck watching his father mentor give his life. And he could only stand a watch.CowardHis breathing picked up, his hands shook and stray tears threatened to stream down his face  as he tried to get a grip on his emotions. In the end it took May 20 minutes to finally calm him down and convince him he wasn’t on Titan, or the battle field anymore. He didn’t go out as Spiderman for weeks after.When he finally did, the people of queens seemed relieved. Peter supposed it brought them a sense of normality back to see him swinging around the neighbourhood again. Then again the people knew also nothing about what had happed with Thanos and the finale battle, they probably didn’t even know which avengers were left. They were almost completely in the dark about the goings on in the world around them, it must have been terrifying.  The world was a shit storm, and half the time it felt like Peter was in the middle of it. He had had almost no break in his life the in last year, going from the Germany fight, to the fight with Toomes, literally dying and then finally being resurrected 5 years later only to fight again against the same person he had died fighting, finally winning only from his mentor to die. Peter needed a break.When Mr Harrington announced the school trip to Europe Peter almost screamed with joy. Finally, he would get his well deserved break. 2 weeks from now Peter would be lounging in the beautiful cities of Italy and France. It would be the perfect holiday, Peter would make sure of it. All he had to do was follow the few rules he had written in his journal, which read:“1) don’t die or fight any bad guys this holidays
2) tell MJ how I feel (don't wimp out)
3) let self relax (don’t bring Spiderman gear)
4) I REPAT NO SPIDER-MAN”It was a simple enough plan. Now all he had to do was get through the next 2 weeks and it would be smooth sailing. But of course, life was never smooth for the Parkers. ————— That night, like every night, nightmares plagued Peter’s mind. All his fears mixed as one. Visions of Ben and Tony dying in his arms played on repeat. A mantra forever repeating all the people he should have saved building up to the terrifying memories he wished to forget. The crushing weight of the building he was once trapped under seemed to sit on his chests once again. The dust filling his lungs, making it impossible to breath. help I’m down here please someone help me I can’t breath help pleaseThe night continued like that, Peter’s fears and gilts mixing together to create a sleepless night. Voices joined together to convince him of his guilt and cowardice.  “You should have saved me, PETER!”                          “You had your powers, you should have saved me!”         “I wanted you to be better!”                                                                                                                  “You let me die Peter!”            
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Angst
Time Travel
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Break
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Intern Peter Parker
Homeless Peter Parker
Protective Avengers
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
But also before endgame
youll see - Freeform
Existential Crisis
I can’t do summaries give it a go please
im so sorry
Time Travel Fix-It
peter goes back in time to stop thanos
Magic
Irondad
Peter Parker Whump
Teen Peter Parker
Protective Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Peter Parker
Swearing
steve I said a bad language word
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes is a big brother

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

