Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Life outside the window of the car was going on like nothing had happened. Like this was not turning into the worst day of his life.His dad had been supposed to pick him up from school today but instead, he was pulled into the principles office. His headmaster's face had been pulled into a sad grimace, pity. Worse had been to see the face of his uncle who hadn't beaten around the bush."You're parents are dead. You're coming with me."It hadn't even registered. Even as Alpha Ben was pulling him along the hallway, even as tears were running down his face. The headmaster had waved, wished him the best, but there was nothing he could do. Alpha Ben would decide what would happen to him now.They drove out of the city until Alpha Ben came to a stop in front of what looked like an ancient mansion. High windows and a large front gate. He pulled the door to the back open. "Let's go."Peter sniffing back tears, hands grasping the seat tightly. It felt like getting out of the car would seal the rest of his life."Out, Omega!" Peter twitched at the sharp tone of the Alpha. His body was seizing up with fear.With a grunt, Alpha Ben grabbed him by the arm and pulled him out of the car."Fucking disgrace," he mumbled. With practiced precision, Alpha Ben grabbed him by the back of the neck, fingers digging into his glands, just hard enough for Peter's body to ease up. "When your Alpha tells you to do something, you do it."His feet were moving as Alpha Ben pulled him into the building and there was nothing Peter could do. The world rushed by him until they stood in front of a large door. After three strong knocks, a voice answered from within."Come in."Alpha Ben pushed him into the room and finally let go of his neck. Pete barely managed to stay on his feet."You know how much I love these kinds of emergencies, Ben." The man had his back turned to them, eyes on the large garden outside. "My apologies, Alpha. Believe me, I wish I didn't have to ask this of you."The alpha grunted as he turned, face pulled into a distasteful grimace as he laid eyes on Peter. "Good lord.""I know, Tony. Like I said. My nephew. Peter. He's already 18. I don't think I have the resources or experience to deal with this."With a deep sigh, the other Alpha pulled out the chair behind his desk and sat, eyes still on Peter. "You know, you can just surrender him to the state. I mean, they'll do a shit job of it but at least you wouldn't have to deal with that mess.""Yeah, well, if he goes to the state, so does his father's money.""Ah," the Alpha laughed. "Well, we can't have that. A fair amount it is then, I assume.""Even more if I can get the ridiculous tuition refunded that Richard caved out for the little bitch," Ben hissed.With a sigh, the Alpha got back to his feet and came around the desk. Just as his hand reached out to touch, Peter flinched back. But the Alpha was faster. He grabbed him by the scruff of his jacket and pulled him closer."Na-uh-uh, little omega. Behave."Peter was shaking as the Alpha pushed his hair out of his face. "Needs a hair cut, hm?" His eyes were on the ground, body stiff with fear. "He's on suppressants," Alpha Ben grunted from behind him. "No chastity. No education at all."No formal omega education was what he meant. His parents had never degraded him like that. Had always believed in him. His mom and dad. With a low sob, another set of tears rolled off his lashes.The Alpha hummed, turning his head up until Peter was forced to look right at him. His face was emotionless, studying him until he let go of Peter altogether. Like an invisible rope holding him upright had been cut, he crumbled to the floor."So what is it you want me to do with that? Full training?" The Alpha still stood in front of him, foot tapping against the floor. "I don't really have any personnel for that right now, Ben. I'd have to neglect my other clients.""I'll take what you can give me. I mean, nobody's gonna buy him off me like that but it'd be a shame to leave the money on the table, you know. I'd make it worth your while, Tony.""Oh yeah?""How about an option to buy or... or first breeding rights if he's too much of a mess to sell for a good price, hm?"The eagerness with that his uncle was trading away Peter's life made him sick to his stomach."Hm," the Alpha hummed. "Let's do a 7-day trial and I'll make you an offer for what I think he's worth then. You take it or leave it from there. If we come to an agreement, I'll waive my fee."They shook hands above his head like he was a rug, bargained away at the market. "I can't thank you enough, Alpha.""Alright, alright," the Alpha waved off Ben's thanks. "Omega." Peter flinched at the sharpness of his tone. "I'm not gonna lie, your parents dealt you a rough hand with their liberal bullshit. This will be a bit of an adjustment for you, but I won't make it hard on you. There is only one rule. What Alpha says goes. You break that rule, there will be consequences. Now, stand." ## The little 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
minor Bucky Barnes/Peter Parker
Minor Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Dark
Rape/Non-con Elements
Loss of Virginity
Breeding
Intersex
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Beta Bruce Banner
Anal Sex
Collars
Cock Cages
Chastity Device
Humiliation
Non-Consensual Spanking
Objectification
Dubious Consent
Knotting
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Coming Untouched
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Forced Bonding
Forced Feminization
Omega Peter Parker
Medical Kink
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Object Insertion
Dirty Talk
Restraints
Dehumanization
Butt Plugs
Gags
Mpreg
Barebacking
Breeding Bench
Blow Jobs
Don't Like Don't Read
Punishment
Training
Male Lactation
Sounding
Prostate Milking
Gaslighting
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Come Swallowing

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

