Chapter 1: James Rhodes: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
James Rhodes was known for his control. He was a Colonel and also regularly around Tony Stark, he needed to be good at controlling his emotions, at keeping up an impassive, unimpressed façade.
Else he wouldn’t have got as far as he did in the military and he would have been a glaring weakness for any of Tony’s enemies.
He needed to be the exasperated, long-suffering friend who put up with the billionaire’s antics. It protected them both from those that would hurt them at the first sign of weakness.
No one could know about the lost and alone kid that nineteen-year-old James found when he arrived at college. No one could know about the nights James bandaged Tony up after he came back from a trip home. No one could know that James soothed him through the vicious hangovers and the aftermath of the drugs he tried after caving to peer pressure.
No one could know.
Because everyone knew that James Rhodes had dragged Tony Stark back to the dorm with exasperation rolling off him, complaining about needing to study and not being a babysitter. Everyone knew the way James rolled his eyes when he refused a girl or guy entry into their room since he lived there too and didn’t want to listen to the sounds of sex for hours.
Everyone knew that somehow James Rhodes was still loyal to Tony Stark despite all the trouble the billionaire brought.
No one understood it but they all knew.
No one knew about the time that Tony had kissed James in the middle of a studying session, eyes shattering when the older boy pushed him back. No one knew about the soft smile James had given him and the whispered words, the ‘how about we wait until you’re legal and then try it again Tones?’ No one knew about the hope that had flared in brown eyes at the ‘wait’ instead of ‘no’.
No one knew that Tony waited.
They graduated, James joined the military and Tony worked on inventing and learning everything he would need to know to take over the company when he turned twenty-one.
No one knew that James showed up at the genius’ door on his eighteenth birthday, having ignored the multiple articles in newspapers and magazines that proclaimed that Tony Stark slept with everything that moved, remembering all too well the boy that hid behind him as he chased pushy flirts away from their door and how he cringed from uninvited touch, as no one believed that Tony Stark deserved personal space.
After all, everyone knew that Tony Stark loved sex, that he slept with anyone and everyone.
No one knew about the shy smile, the hopeful look in Tony’s eyes when he saw his best friend.

“I’m legal now,” he’d pointed out, leaning on the doorframe in a baggy shirt and grease-stained jeans.


James had smiled. “I know.”


“So, can we try that again?”


“I’m on leave for two weeks.”


Tony’s eyes had lit up and he’d grabbed James’ arm and dragged him into the house with a giddy smile.


It was James who’d kissed him this time, finally able to act on the love that had stolen his heart years ago. Tony had been a kid though and James wanted to make sure he was certain, that he wouldn’t regret it when he grew up more and gained a bit of maturity.

Nothing had changed between them in the years they waited though. They were Rhodey and Tones and they were head over heels in love.
No one knew that though.
No one could ever know that.
Because Rhodey’s superiors already saw him as a way to get more weapons from Tony and that was when they were just friends. Because the world would not accept America’s biggest playboy settling down with anyone, not when he wasn’t even twenty yet.

“This won’t stop the magazine articles,” Tony had whispered later that night when they were tangled together in bed.


“I know.”


“They’re lies.”


“I know.”


“Haven’t had sex since before I kissed you.”


“I know. Why do you think I beat the crap out of Stone? You were still a minor.”


Tony had huffed a laugh. “You’re so overprotective Honeybear.”

No one knew about them and they kept it that way. James was just known to the world as Tony’s best friend. Everyone knew that Tony was physically affectionate so no one batted an eye when the genius draped himself over the soldier who only rolled his eyes in return.
No one thought it strange when Tony barely looked at anyone else when Rhodes was around. He didn’t get leave often so it was only natural Tony was excited to see his best friend.
No one knew about the kisses and soft words exchanged behind closed doors. No one knew that the women and men claiming to have slept with Tony were all lies. No one knew that when Tony turned twenty-five, James surprised him with a ring and a question.
No one knew that Tony cried and that he said yes.
Admittedly getting a person to actually marry them without the world immediately finding out took some doing and JARVIS had to make sure the records were buried deep.
But after finding a genuine guy who swore not to tell a soul, they were legally married and nothing could chang
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
a little not Pepper Potts friendly
Not Natasha Romanoff Friendly

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

