Chapter 1: Childhood
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis was born without words.Although girls were usually born already bearing a soulmark, the first words their soulmate would speak to them (since, as it happened, women tended to be paired with older men, and generally people were paired with members of the opposite sex), being born without one wasn't that unusual, so her parents weren't that concerned. When she turned three, they started to worry, but they made an effort to keep their worry from her. By the time she was six and started kindergarten, she knew there was something wrong with her.Soulmarks were the hot topic of conversation during the first several days of school. Of course it's not polite to inquire after a stranger's soulmark, but expecting politeness from a gaggle of six-year-olds is a fool's errand.Where's yours?Can I see it?Ooo, pretty!(Or, alternatively, What funny writing!)Two of her classmates were even joined on the first day of school (it was lucky a teacher was present or else they might not have noticed, given that neither of the children in question could read).The other students saw her as an oddity. What kind of person doesn't have marks, after all? She asked her parents why she didn't have words, when all the other children did. What could they say? They'd heard of people who didn't have soulmarks, but as far as they knew neither of them had met one. And the stories about the unmarked weren't pleasant. What kind of life is it, without someone to love you, and someone for you to love? Depression, drug abuse, even prostitution - this was what was expected of the unmarked. And although this was unfamiliar terrain for David and Sarah Lewis, they decided quickly that they would do whatever they could to keep their daughter from the expected route.Midway through Darcy's kindergarten year her family relocated to another state, and her parents lied and they taught her to lie as well. Her soulmark was in a location that modesty forbid displaying. It was innocuous: "Hello, nice to meet you." Nothing special. The only person who would know the truth was the family doctor, and privacy laws forbid the sharing of any personal information. And Darcy's parents held onto hope that eventually a mark would show up. She might just be six years older than her soulmate.Seven years.Eight years.Twelve years.Eighteen years.Once the initial deceit was decided, Darcy and her parents didn't talk about it again, at least not regularly. Every six months or so her mother would ask, "Has it come?" And the girl would shake her head, and her mother would try not to show her disappointment.It is, perhaps, too bad that David and Sarah Lewis didn't speak more openly with their daughter about her predicament, because if they had, she might have told them about her conversation with Harriet Porter.Harriet (Mrs. Porter to Darcy) had been next-door neighbors to the Lewis family from before Darcy's birth up until they moved. By the time they were packing up the house, the reason for the move was an open secret. Sure, Sarah had a new job - a solid vertical move, a substantial raise, an exciting big city! - but she was poised to make partner at her current job, within the next two years. There was no real reason to leave. But kids talked, and people knew. Including Harriet Porter.Darcy would never forget the morning the moving truck showed up to pack up her familiar, uncomfortable life. She was unhappy, nervous, and excited, and she wanted her stuffed kitty. Unfortunately by the time she realized she wanted it, the movers had packed all her bedclothes and cozies into a box and loaded it on the truck. No matter how hard she whined, it was clear that no one was going to unpack it for her. As she expressed her disappointment in the front yard, loud enough that people on the next street over could hear her, Harriet Porter came over and spoke quietly with Sarah. "I have just mixed up a batch of sugar cookie dough," she said, "and perhaps Darcy would like to come over and help me cut and decorate them?" Sarah was more than happy to send Darcy for a visit, and that's how Darcy ended up spending several hours with the first unmarked person she would meet, and the only one she would knowingly meet for many more years. 




Notes:

So there's chapter one. Making sense so far? My initial thought was to do a one-off but I guess we are looking at multiple chapters after all. I am hoping this will be short and quick (unlike The Palimpsest, which is more like a cruise ship. Speed 2, if you will). And I don't have a beta for this, so all errors are my own.EDIT: so after posting this I spent two hours drafting a kick ass chapter two on my iPad, then I put my kid to bed, and when I got back the browser reset and ate my whole chapter (which of course I hadn't saved). So no chapter two tonight, sorry guys.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Lovecraft
Maybe soulmarks aren't all they are cracked up to be
The Avengers/Lovecraft crossover everyone has been waiting for
Lovecraftian
Native American Character(s)
Trope Subversion
Allspeak doesn't work (for a while)
Shoggoth
mi-go - Freeform
R'lyehian
Platonic Female/Male Relationships
Slow Burn
Like really fucking slow
On Hiatus

fandom: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

