Chapter 1: Pre-Iron Man 1
    




Chapter Text
Working so close with Tony Stark had not been what Pepper Potts had envisioned herself doing when she took the job in the accountancy department at Stark Industries, some years ago.She had come to America at 19, enrolled into a well-respected college and majored in accountancy, with a minor in Law. All paid for by her best friend in England.Soon after ending her education, she had seen a chance in starting at the finance department at Stark Industries, and which just graduated youngster wouldn’t jump on that chance; not only did it pay well, SI was known for their excellent Personnel policy: dental and hospital insurance for one.Now 5 years after accepting her job in SI, and 3 years after becoming Tone Stark Personal assistant, she felt confident in being both the billionaire’s employee but also his friend.
She knew from experience just how difficult it can be to live with such fame, her best friend had the same problem, and she had seen what it did to him, at times.Said best friend was also the reason she was on her way to speak to Tony, she’s made sure his and her schedule were clear for the next week, with only a charity gala to attend at the end of said week. She’d deliberately made it so, for her best friend was coming to stay in America too.Giving in het access code to Tony’s workshop, the first thing she noticed was the loud AC/DC music playing, with a smile she nodded to where she knew one of Jarvis’ cameras were and the AI cut the music.“J, what gives?”Pepper smiled and made her way to where the voice came from; “Tony, I would like to go over something with you.”She found the genius underneath one of his vintage cars, most likely repairing it, again, only to take it for a spin and crash it again.“Pepper, I was sure my schedule was clear for today, and most of the week even. Did you threaten the board members again?”Pepper smiled, “no I didn’t, and your schedule is clear, I need to speak to you about something personal.”Tony rolled out from under the car he was fixing and sat up, looking at her; “you’re not quitting, are you? Because I am not sure I can function without you anymore.”Pepper shook her head with a smile; “no, of course not.”This made her companion sigh in relief.“I just wanted to let you know I’ll be taking some holiday days for this week. I will still be at the charity gala on Friday evening. But my best friend is coming over early next morning and I would like to spend some time with him. It’s the last thing I owe him seeing as he paid for my schooling here in the USA.”Tony looked at her and she could just see his brain whirling at 100 miles a minute. Most likely remembering that she was British born, even if she had done her best to get rid of the accent.“Anything you can tell me of this best friend?”Pepper sighed, she should have expected this, better to get this over with and just tell him, because the man would find out anyway and who knew just how far he’d search after that.“His name is Hadrian Black, you already did mention him once, he’s the Brit who suddenly popped up to take over Marauder Inc. and started investing into small time cooperation.”Tony pinched the bridge of his nose, running a hand into his hair after; only succeeding in smearing the grease that was already on there over the whole of his forehead.“How did you get to know someone like him? I thought I was your first multi-billionaire?”Pepper smiled, a sad look in her eyes; “that’s kind of a long story, but I am willing to share.”Tony nodded and got up, sitting himself on the sofa he kept in his workshop, patting a space next to him as he took a drink DUM-E brought him, pulling a face after he tasted it.Pepper took a seat and took a deep breath.“I assume you heard of the bombing that took place in the UK some years before now. “Tony nodded.“I, together with a lot of schoolmates were involved, most of the terrorists had the opinion that if you weren’t likeminded, like them, you had to be exterminated. Most of my family and friends worked together in stopping them. In doing so I lost one of my older brothers, Percy and my boyfriend, Colin.”Pepper swallowed, this still hurt to talk about, “seeing as going to school wasn’t that good of an idea at the time, I studied online and took my GCSE and A-levels with a small group at the department of education and passed them all with good grades. By now most of this terrorist cell had been caught and made to stand trial, but some still roamed free. This led to my parents keeping their kids extremely close, even though some of them were married already.It made me so feel so suffocated that I sort of ran away, I did tell them I wanted to leave and study here in the USA and build up a new life. But they wouldn’t let me, seeing as I was the only girl after 6 boys, one of whom never came home after a bombing, only my youngest elder brother and his wife understood, they didn’t like it, but they understood. They helped me get to Hadrian
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Remus Lupin/Nymphadora Tonks
Teddy Lupin & the X-men
Death (Marvel)/Wade Wilson
Vanessa Carlysle/Wade Wilson
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Teddy Lupin

freeform: 
Remus Lupin Lives
Nymphadora Tonks Lives
Marauders Inc.
Master of Death Harry Potter
Harry Potter Epilogue What Epilogue | EWE
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Harry Potter
BAMF Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Slight spoiler for Falcon and the Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Dealing with Midtown
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Merchant of Death Tony Stark
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
steve rogers is an idiot

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Remus Lupin/Nymphadora Tonks
Teddy Lupin & the X-men
Death (Marvel)/Wade Wilson
Vanessa Carlysle/Wade Wilson
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Teddy Lupin

