Work Text:
Five Reasons the Avengers Don't Want To Live Together:

1. Because if your job is to be a superhero, you need weekends off.

"Please tell me this is some kind of joke," Tony said.
Fury looked at him steadily over the wreckage of Tony's Super Farmer Breakfast Platter and his own nearly untouched coffee. "Have I, thus far in our acquaintance, struck you as a funny man?"
"No, you know what? No. You're not going to lay claim to my property to use as a heroes' holding pen. You're not going to put us in a big house and make us be our super selves 24/7. Did it ever occur to you that people who save the earth all week might want to spend their off hours with normal people?"
Fury raised one eyebrow.
"OK, granted, I personally don't know any normal people, or at least any that will still associate with me, but the point stands. You have people here with special capabilities -- you might even say special destinies -- and what they need, for their own mental health, is some time off from each other."
"No offense, Stark, but I don't believe I'll be consulting you on the subject of mental health."
Tony took a morose bite of hash browns. He had already heard all this from Pepper, who'd told him firmly that he owed it to the world to let that motheaten monstrosity of a mansion do some good in the world for a change. I can't imagine that it holds very good memories, she'd said, as if that had anything to do with anything. 
"None taken," he said. 

2. Because they have lives.

"Anyway," he went on, dragging a sausage link through a puddle of boysenberry syrup, "we already have places to live. We have lives, Fury. OK, Captain America doesn't have a life, granted, since everybody he knows is dead, and Thor doesn't, since this isn't even his home planet. And I guess Banner doesn't have so much of a life any more, since he's spent so much time hiding out in society hotspots like the Arctic."
He had a cabinet full of real maple syrup at home, but he had a sentimental attachment to the purple stuff; it reminded him of a million midnight dinners going back all the way to middle school. "And Hawkeye, I don't know about Hawkeye. For all I know, he sleeps in the treetops with his eyes open. But the Black Widow, now, she has two separate lives that I'm personally aware of, and I believe her to be capable of having many more. And I myself have a life, too, one that's not compatible with a house full of ego problems that aren't mine." 

3. Because people snoop. 

Fury covered his coffee mug with his hand. The waitress went away with a thwarted look on her face. "If this is about your nude performance of 'Born This Way,' Barton told me it's already dropped off the YouTube Popular page." 
Tony pointed his sticky fork at Fury. "That is another thing. Snoops are gonna snoop, and super snoops are gonna snoop superly. Superiorly? If you put a sniper with x-ray eyes, an enhanced soldier who probably has super hearing, and Miss Subterfuge of 2011 in the same house, nobody will ever get a good night's rest again for fear they might talk in their sleep."
"What do you have to hide? I was under the impression that you liked seeing your pasty ass all over TMZ."
"If you can't see the difference between 'Stark caught in love tryst with Sundance actress' and 'Stark caught on film trimming his toe hair with nail scissors,' I despair of you."

4. Because life is not a slumber party.

"Maybe if you had some real friends," Fury began in an insinuating tone.
"Hey," Tony said. "I've got friends."
"-- then," Fury went on, "you would have something better to do than worry about your toe hair."
"That was an example, not meant to be taken literally. And I have friends. I have many very good friends. I have Pepper -- well, I pay her, but above and beyond that, I consider her a true friend, and I think her willingness to visit me after breaking up with me is proof of her friendly feelings. I have Happy -- well, I pay him, too, but Rhodey is not on my payroll at the moment. And Jarvis, unless you're going to get finicky and require both intelligence and an independent body, which I would consider nothing but pure prejudice." 
He was distracted when his phone, which he was quite sure he'd turned off, vibrated. 
I TRULY APPRECIATE YR REGARD, SIR
& IT IS ENTIRELY MUTUAL
Tony swallowed. "You watch," he said. "This will come up again the next time he takes exception to a perfectly reasonable request involving materials that are almost entirely non-flammable." He had a lump in his throat, which made the coffee in this place even harder to swallow.
"Anyway," he went on when he'd choked it down, "look at what you're proposing as friends. A woman untrustworthy enough she makes lawyers nervous -- a throwback with such a stick up his ass that he can't see merit unless it salutes him -- a guy who's never had to compromise with anyone because, hello, he's a god -- shall I go on?"
Fury rubbed between his eyebrows with his thumb. Somehow he could do that without dislodgi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
First Kiss
Team Dynamics
5 Things
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

