Work Text:
Coming In From The Cold.In an exclusive interview with the New York Times, former Winter Soldier James Buchanan "Bucky" Barnes gives Zenat Patel his untold side of the story Warning: This article contains very frank discussion of torture and rape as well as language some might find offensive.It’s a golden rule among journalists: the more dangerous the interviewee, the more charming they are. While Teen divas and Hollywood brats compete for the most outré acts before a dictaphone, the real scary guys and girls are almost always overwhelmingly nice.“Thank you for agreeing to this,” says the dark haired man sitting quietly in the corner of a casual East Village lunch spot. He gives me an endearingly impish half smile. This is a whole new level of nice.He is on time, He is smiling. He helpfully waved at me as I entered the restaurant in a state of bluster. He waved at me with a hand of solid metal.“Not quite solid,” he smiles again, looking up at me through unfairly lush lashes. “There’s electronics and all sorts of weird gizmos inside. And carbon nanotubes.”We’ll get to the nanotubes later. For now, Sergeant James Buchanan “Bucky” Barnes gives me a flesh-hand handshake “the other one gets staticky and gives people shocks,” then sits patiently while I compose myself. Once I look suitably settled, he hits me full in the face with an open, blue-eyed stare that I’m glad I’m sitting down for. Sergeant Barnes blue eyes have seen things. They are possibly more frightening than the metal arm.“I’ve never done this before, so tell me if I’m doing it right.”You’ve never been interviewed before?“I think I did some puff-stuff with the Howling Commandos, but that was very one-line ‘what do you miss about home,’” he says, a Brooklyn twang poking shyly through his softly-spoken words. “Nothing formal like this.”I express surprise that we are meeting in so open a venue. When I was handed the assignment I expected to be whisked away to an unmarked location by Avengers in full battle dress. Instead, here we are in a bright and breezy restaurant slowly busying up with yummy mommies and business lunchers. Sergeant Barnes swirls the sparkling water in his glass before looking up:“Why hide?”There are many reasons why Sergeant Barnes might want to hide. It was only two weeks ago that the International Court at the Hague made public  their decision to drop sixty-three charges of murder against him: the sixty-three people he remembers dying in the crosshairs of his rifle. There’s probably more, his memory, he admits, “is still pretty frazzled.” Then there is the Court’s report itself; “a catalog of abuses so extreme, protracted and inhuman it beggars belief that the subject has survived it,” available on-line for anyone with an appetite for atrocities to read.“Are you having a starter?”Sergeant Barnes is not having a starter. Pretty soon I find out why he likes this place: he likes the cheesecake. He orders three slices.“It’s kind of the downside of being a super-soldier.  I need about 8,000 calories a day.”That’s a lot of cheesecake.“Well Tony [Stark – head of Stark Industries] cut it down. Before he lightened my arm up, I was needing more than I could eat. The Winter Soldier was kind of inefficient. Because he – it took me a long while to call him a he-, was just active for short periods of time, they built him to use up huge amounts of energy very fast. They didn’t have to worry about feeding him, it all went in his arm or pumped down his nose. So when I first got back to myself I almost didn’t know how to eat and I needed enough fuel to power a suburb.”There’s that smile again, the naughty urchin one.“I used to eat packets of sugar and tubs of margarine just to keep going. It was as you say – gross.”He's doing okay on cheesecake now, although he still gets topped up by IV once a week. He’s starting to feel a lot more like eating.“I had an apple the other day, just for the hell of it. I think a few months ago I would have just seen it as a lot of effort for precious little energy. But I liked it. It tasted apple-y.”He grins again. Sergeant Barnes was the flirt of the Commandos. The one who was a hit with the ladies. That smile goes a long way to explaining it.The problem was that Sergeant Barnes wasn’t into the ladies. As a dock-hand in depression era Brooklyn he could keep it on the down-low, even when the sickly, scrawny artist he fell for morphed into Captain America. But the 21st century was not as forgiving. Inevitability, a paparazzi shot brought “Steve Rogers’ scruff-bag boyfriend” to the attention of the world, and from that point it was six months of over-exposure.“I think a lot of people were pissed Steve likes kissing boys. The people who think because he’s called America they own him.” Is he a good kisser?Sergeant Barnes arches an eyebrow.“I thought we agreed no private questions,” he laughs, “he kisses like he is, big, stupid, full of desire to bring out the good. Then he complains about my stubble scratching 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
james bucky Barnes/original male character

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
Rape
Hurt/Comfort
Sexual Politics
survivor bucky
Suicidal Thoughts
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
complex-post traumatic stress disorder
rape is not sex
Bucky runs his mouth
Violence
frank discussion of torture and rape
Rape Culture
Domestic Violence
aquired brain injury
Bucky has a potty mouth
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
james bucky Barnes/original male character

