Chapter 1: A Long Way From Ohio to Norway
    




Chapter Text

Ohio
11 year old Natasha Romanoff approached the young boy in her backyard cautiously, one hand clenched in a fist just in case while the other held the umbrella over her head. He looked to be around her own age, and he didn't seem to be any more of a threat than the average 10 or 11 year old would be, but she'd been trained on how to appear unthreatening. If he came from a similar background, she'd be ready.He looked up when he heard her approach, and she relaxed a bit when she saw the look on his face. He was far too obviously frightened to be any threat to her. His black hair was wet and stuck to his forehead from the pouring rain, and she didn't even know how he could see through his glasses with them covered in water like they were. He looked like a wet, soggy mess."What's your name?" she asked."Harry," he said quietly. "I'm Harry.""Why are you in our backyard, Harry?" She wasn't ready to introduce herself just yet; not until she knew who he was and whether or not he was a threat to the life she'd found here in Ohio."Because I have nowhere else to go," he said, looking away. "The tree offered some cover from the rain."Not enough cover, by the looks of it. Natasha shook her head. "Aren't your parents looking for you?""My parents died when I was very young," he answered. "I don't really remember them.""Then who do you normally stay with?" His accent sounded British to her ears. Maybe his remaining family was new to the area and he'd gotten lost?"I came here on vacation with my aunt and uncle," he mumbled. "They left me here.""You got separated from them?""No." He shook his head slightly. "They left me behind. I was looking around for somewhere to go, and then it started raining, so I hid here."He looked up when she crouched down and held the umbrella so it covered both of their heads. "Hi, Harry. I'm Natasha. My parents are gone right now, but I can take you inside and get you something to dry off with."--So began the friendship between Natasha and Harry. He truly didn't have anywhere to go; his aunt and uncle had deliberately left him behind, discarded him like trash as they went back to England, and he had nowhere to go back to. He begged her not to tell any adults about him, and always disappeared seemingly instantly whenever Alexei, Melina or any other adults showed up. She didn't know where he stayed or if he moved around to avoid being caught, but no matter what he always came back to play with her and Yelena.He was a strange boy, Harry Potter. But Natasha liked him, and so did Yelena. Natasha would have loved nothing better than if life could have continued on like that in Ohio, living like a family with Yelena, Alexei and Melina and playing with Harry in the yard whenever the adults were gone.But the world did not work like that. Every mission had its completion, and every cover was eventually blown.--
Cuba
Natasha shielded Yelena and glared defiantly as the men surrounded her. They might be able to take her, but she would never let them get to Yelena! Even if she had to fight them off all alone, she would protect her sister.But she didn't have to fight them alone. Just as Harry had always disappeared without her understanding how whenever an adult came near, now he appeared out of nowhere right in front of her. His sudden appearance was even more improbable now since she and her family had run away from their pursuers and were now in Cuba rather than Ohio, but she didn't question how he knew where they were or how he'd gotten there. All that mattered was that she had an ally.That ally was a much greater help than she could have even imagined. She knew that Harry hadn't undergone any sort of training like she had, and aside from his sad life circumstances he seemed rather ordinary. But there was nothing ordinary about the way he knocked two of the men surrounding her down to the ground. She had no idea how he'd done it; there was no weapon in his hands that she could see, and he wasn't close enough to have physically struck either of them. How had he done that?Regardless, there were still too many of them. They couldn't protect themselves from the airborne drugs that took them and knocked them all unconscious.--"Who is that boy?" Dreykov asked."Don't know," Alexei said, frowning. "Never seen him before in my life.""Then it appears you haven't been paying enough attention, because he certainly knows the girls," Dreykov said, shaking his head while continuing to watch from afar. He watched through the monitor as the young trio awoke in the metal container they'd been placed in after their drugging. This boy had somehow snuck in without being noticed by a single one of their men, and equally peculiarly he'd managed to knock two of the men down. Dreykov still wasn't sure how he'd managed to do that, and he'd been watching the entire time. Alexei might not know who he was, but Dreykov was convinced he'd just stumbled onto a very useful po
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Harry Potter/Yelena Belova
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Yelena Belova

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Crossover Pairings
Harry Potter Abandoned by Dursleys
long lost friend
Mind Control
Fight Sex
Rough Sex
Aggression
Kissing
Vaginal Sex
Biting
Scratching
Multiple Orgasms
Creampie
Threesome - F/F/M
Face-Sitting
Anal Sex
Girls Kissing
Shower Sex
Full Nelson

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Harry Potter/Yelena Belova
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Yelena Belova

