Chapter 1: I
    




Chapter Text

I need to make it expressly clear that this is an AU or Alternate Universe based upon PJO and the MCU with elements from many Marvel sources. So there will be things different from the books, comics and movies mostly because anything after The Last Olympian has been altered in some way and even some elements from the first books have changed.

Two things before I end this note. I will be 


attempting


 to keep author notes to a minimum. I feel they detract from the story and bloat word counts. They will be solely reserved for important things that need explaining, otherwise those that leave comments asking for clarification will have them answered whenever I get around to it. I like to think that I can strike a good thread or two in conversation without spoiling anything too major that I have planned.

Regardless, the pairing, as of yet, is undecided. If you have any suggestions feel free to post them!

Welcome and Enjoy!
For all the cheering and exclamations of victory, there was a certain indifference emanating from the Son of Poseidon. An expression of nothing marred his worn, dirtied and bloodied face as he limped his way through the celebrating crowds of demigods, immortals, nature spirits and legacies.It was an almost surreal and ethereal experience for him as he trudged through the Halls of Olympus, the slight creaking of his wooden crutch echoed in his ears more than the shouts of jubilation that pervaded the marble streets of the Immortal City.It felt like he died when he woke up surrounded by bronze shards and silver ash and before he knew it, he was on Olympus walking with the hundreds if not thousands that rejoiced in the victory won.And for all intents and purposes, he did die. Or at least a part of him was wretched from this plane of existence.But that was not what those around him saw.They saw a stoic and slightly smiling Son of Poseidon limping along with all the other injured fighters. They didn’t recognize him yet of course, his armor was near-damaged beyond repair, scratched and dented in a few places and with parts that had melted and seared to his body.From acid or fire, he didn’t know nor did he particularly care.A Drakon had slashed at the side of his abdomen and had gouged a chunk of his armor out and nearly killed him from the poison in its claws. It had to be sewed shut and bandaged via telekinesis given the state of his armor as they didn’t have the time for a lengthy surgery that would be required to peel the armor from his body.He was also covered in a layer of grim. Blood, ichor, golden and silver dust and ash with a touches of mud clung like an perverse infection to his armored body. His heritage did nothing for him as his hair was matted in either a layer of sweat or blood.He didn’t exactly know what it was that called the rat’s nest that was his hair home.To any casual observer, he simply looked as a part of the throng of warriors that were as equally as disheveled and unappealing as he was.However, there were a few that noticed something off about him. The more astute individuals noted that there was a certain distance kept from him. As if he had this invisible barrier that was protecting him and preventing anyone from getting too close.Not that those around him nor he for that matter, seemed to notice. They skirted around him, trailed behind him or had a little more speed in their step. Whether it was done in respect or fear was unknown.If they were around him, they might have gotten an idea as to why. However, like everyone else, they were soon swept up in the celebrations around them.The people that were around him, however, felt it even if it was a subliminal feeling. An ocean of unbridled power teeming within him, a vicious and unrelenting storm awaiting to be unleashed. His steps were done with what seemed to be a confident and stoic resolve. While there was a veritable stampede towards the Throne Hall of the Olympians. His quiet and injured stride seemed to echo over everyone else’s stomps and jumps.Though there were those around him had noted the slight trembling and hesitation in his steps. as if every single one was a calculated risk. Sudden and erratic twitches from his shoulders or arms that made it seem that he was being jolted with a bolt of lightning and was ready to draw an absent blade or instinctually dodging arrows. His sea green eyes while teeming with unbridled power and glowing, had such an empty and lifeless aura about them but still the scanned for threats across the pavilions.That smiling and assured demigod was a front, they would realize if they had the leave to study him for a time.No one did though.A mask and charade for the masses that were to engrossed in their own revelry. Not that he didn’t care for them. Nor did he spite nor scorn them. It was as much a play for them as it was for himself.Because he knew.He just knew.That if he stopped for even a single moment. That it would all come rushing back to him.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Suspense
Asgardian Culture (Marvel)
AU
Alternate Universe
Post-Gaea & The Second Giant War (Percy Jackson)
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Crossover
General
Cross-Posted on FanFiction.Net
Pre-Battle of New York (Marvel)
Olympian/Theoi Culture (Percy Jackson)
Asgard (Marvel)
Earth/Midgard
Nidavellir (Marvel)
pop culture references

fandom: 
None
