Work Text:
  A sharp ring from Happy’s phone interrupted his conversation with Pepper as they headed towards Pepper’s office. Beside him, Pepper matched his stride, even in the ridiculous heels she wore. “Sorry,” Happy winced, pulling his phone from his pocket. He glanced at the screen and frowned. “It’s the lobby.” “Go ahead,” Pepper nodded with a smile. “What is it?” Happy answered the phone, his tone sharp. The lobby only ever called him if there was a serious situation happening and Happy felt his stomach drop with dread. “Sir, there is an incident in the lobby,” came the receptionists voice over the receiver. Lisa’s voice was sounded nervous and Happy slowed at her tone. “The guards – well, Ralph in particular – is getting rough with a teenager.” Happy came to halt, causing Pepper to stop sharply too. “What teenager?” “He says his name is Peter Parker but he doesn’t have a badge and – hey! Ralph be careful! Mr. Hogan sir, I really think you should come down here –“ “On my way. Don’t let them leave,” Happy snapped down the phone, his hand clutching the device too tightly. He hung up and shoved the phone back into his pocket. He turned on his heel and started back the way he just travelled.   “Happy?” Pepper frowned, turning on her heel and following him back down the corridor. “Peter’s having trouble in the lobby,” Happy explained. Happy didn’t need to elaborate. Ever since Happy had taken Peter to Germany, the kid had become a more permanent figure in Tony’s life. Happy, reluctantly at first, had been appointed the kid’s babysitter but as Happy began to get to know the kid, he found himself going soft for him. Of course, Happy had a reputation to upkeep and would never allow the kid to know that but he often caught Tony and Pepper smirking at him when he said he would go pick the kid up from school and get him a burger on the way to the tower. Pepper had fallen for Peter’s sweet and charming nature the minute Tony had introduced the two of them. Happy was fairly sure that both Tony and Pepper were going to adopt the kid any day now. It was nice to watch them becoming a family – but Happy kept that to himself. When they reached the lobby there was a small group of people off to the side, watching the scene unfold. Anger flared inside Happy as he could see why. Located between the reception desk and the mechanical gates, Ralph stood firmly with his hands wrapped in the front of Peter’s T-shirt and had shoved him up against the wall, Peter feet dangling in the air. Lisa stood close by her hands curled awkwardly by her side as she pleaded with Ralph to let the kid go but Ralph was not listening to her. Instead, he was yelling a Peter, the words becoming clearer as Pepper and Happy approached quickly. “You think I’m stupid kid?” Ralph demanded, slamming Peter back against the wall with a loud thud. “Think I’m just going to call the CEO of Stark Industries for you?” “I’m already here,” Pepper’s cold voice had Ralph startling, turning around to face them. He didn’t release Peter, his hand curling tighter in Peter’s T-shirt on reflex. “Release Peter right now,” Happy growled as he saw Peter flinch. “Mr. Hogan, Mrs. Stark,” Ralph stammered, keeping his grip on Peter. “This kid here is trying to break in.” “Peter Parker is Tony’s personal intern,” Happy growled, stepping forward. His left hand curled into a fist by his side, the urge to take Ralph and lay into him nearly too strong for him to ignore. “Unhand him right now.” “Personal…” Ralph trailed off. “Mr. Hogan, he doesn’t have a badge.” “Release him,” Pepper snapped, her eyes narrowed dangerously. “Now.” Peter slid down the wall, landing on his feet as Ralph released him. His knees buckled at the sudden drop, but he managed to catch himself on the wall. His eyes flickered uncertainly between them all and he pressed himself tighter against the wall. Happy saw red at the action. “Peter, sweetheart, come here,” Pepper ordered gently. Ralph glared at Peter as he squeezed past him and crossed the short distance to Pepper. “Miss. Potts – wait, I mean, Mrs. Stark I am so sorry.”   “Are you okay, Peter?” Pepper asked as her hands straightened Peter T-shirt, and she adjusted the jacket he wore on to his shoulder again. Then her hands where on his cheeks and pushing back his hair in a motherly fashion. “Are you hurt?” “M’okay,” Peter promised. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to cause a scene.” “Peter, none of this is your fault,” Pepper assured him. She pulled him close, hugging him tightly. “What were you thinking?” Happy snapped at Ralph.  “He didn’t have a badge,” Ralph retorted hotly, his face flushing red. “And he claimed to know Tony Stark. Was I just supposed to let him stroll on through?” “You thought slamming the kid up against the wall was a better option?” Happy demanded. “He’s a kid! Did you even have Lisa call up and check?” “Do you know how many people we get claiming they know Tony Stark?” Ralph spluttered out.“That is no excuse for manhandling a kid,” Happy 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Intern Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Parent Pepper Potts
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Uncle Happy Hogan
Protective Happy Hogan
BAMF Happy Hogan
Worried Happy Hogan
Worried Pepper Potts
Worried Tony Stark
Stark Industries
Stark Industries Employee Peter Parker
Original Character(s)
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Happy Ending
Stark Family
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Peter Tingle
Bullying
Bullied Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

