Chapter 1: The first time
    




Chapter Text





ETA Artwork by AnnieMar. Amazing. I can't wrap my head around how awesome this is. 

1
The first time was after Steve and Natasha had been paired on a handful of missions. There had been some flirting, largely on her side, since New York, and he had largely brushed it out of his mind. Natasha flirted with everyone; it was part of her job after all. One minute she was calling him ‘soldier’ in a seductive voice and the next she was using the same tone to ask the pilot of their plane what would happen if she pushed his admiral’s doorbell. Steve learned to appreciate the view but to take it with a grain of salt. She was his partner and all that mattered was that she had his back and he had hers.It wasn’t so extraordinary or hard to believe that Natasha had come to his apartment to give him details on the next mission, somewhere in Slovenia, and had stayed for breakfast. As she cleaned up the cereal bowls on the table, she had noticed his eyes dart to her bare legs, giving her a smug sense of satisfaction. So she might have worn shorts on purpose. Natasha had been feeling lonely and had started fantasizing about what it might be like to have a “relationship” with the kind of guy most girls would want to be linked with anyway. Apple pie. Boy next door. All that shit. It would be like trying on a dress she’d never normally wear, she had reasoned. Dress-up. So when he had come into the kitchen, she’d slyly and suggestively smiled. She was an expert at separating physical from emotional and she had appreciated the challenge of finding different ways to make him blush. Most of all, Natasha had a sneaky feeling that he’d be a safe partner and that his moral code would prevent him from creating drama at work.“You know, I’ve been wondering about what it’d be like to make-out with you, Rogers”. She’d smirked. Make-out with. Make love to. Fuck. He’d stopped in his tracks, jaw on the floor, looking nervously over his shoulder, up, down, and pretty much anywhere but her.“Um…” he couldn’t form words. She must be joking. Again. Grain of salt.Instead, she’d crooked her finger his way signaling him to come over.He looked at her in question, Are you sure?The game that she had decided to play suddenly felt very, very dangerous. Tenuous.She met his eyes and nodded. She wasn’t sure. But she knew she couldn’t keep bouncing between certainty and regret. It was time to cross into no man’s land.Steve, equally caught between lust and logic, bit the inside of his cheek and stepped forward. It was sinful to let this woman, who had been pulling on every thread of control and rightness he had built up since they’d started working together, continue without moving forward. He wanted to grab her by the waist and pull her forward, but he clung to old habits and reached for her hand. Natasha looked down at his hand, with surprise and novelty. The novelty of someone awkwardly taking her hand. Her training told her to show him, to show him the luck he would be having, to show him just what he had been dealing with. The space inside her ice cold heart that had inched toward warmth said to take the hand.Her fingers laced with his and she met his move so that they were in front of each other, almost nose to nose. His eyes looked directly at her, into her eyes, unflinching. Suddenly, the question wasn’t “Are you real?” but rather “can you be real with me?”Still biting his lip, that uncertainty and doubt stuck as a thin layer that couldn’t be scrubbed away, he held his breath and then leaned in to kiss her lips.Natasha leaned against the kitchen counter and rested her arms on his shoulders, pulling him toward her in order to encourage a second kiss. Whereas the first had been anxious and timid, the second was braver. His lips lingered on hers and she opened her lips in invitation. Steve wholeheartedly took the bait, drawing her bottom lip in between his.“Steve,” she smiled, with an almost painful vibration of want developing inside her, “how slow will we go?” She pushed against him, darting her tongue into between his lips. He followed her lead, kissing her back but with something holding him back.Steve himself wasn’t entirely sure why he was cautious. The nagging thought in the back of his mind that this wasn’t real, that he was somehow being played. He felt like an asshole. Here he was, with a woman so beautiful that most wouldn’t think twice, and he was being the same awkward guy as always. He hardened in response to her body against his, in response to the damn excitement of her tongue and mouth as they almost aggressively met his own efforts.“I…” he croaked, pulling away from her. Maybe there was still time to back out. “I just want to remember every minute of this”. It sounded stupid and when she smirked, it looked as though she was almost laughing at him. Natasha’s eyes narrowed and she pushed herself onto the countertop. Her head cocked to one side and she bit her lip before grabbing his wais
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Developing Relationship
Explicit Sexual Content
Falling In Love
Love Confessions
First Time
Smut
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Comfort Sex
Feels
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
probably
The Age of Ultron is going to mess this up
Love letter to this fandom's amazing writers
These kids have a hard time using their words
Car Sex
Bathroom Sex
Oral Sex
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags Are Fun
5 Times
romanogers - Freeform
Natasha Feels
Steve Feels
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pregnancy sex
Kitchen Sex
Steve is a giver
Bearded Steve Rogers
FU Hormones
Marriage Proposal
Someone Pops the Question
Get me to the church on time
Tropy trope trope
bucky is still missing
because its too hard to write him
lazy writer
tony makes an appearance
clint makes an appearance
JARVIS is an excellent midwife
what would we do without him
going into labor
things go down
won't be AOU compliant
Because eff canon

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

