Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter had to admit, homecoming night might have sucked! But in the end, it was totally worth it! Getting buried under a building and being in a plane crash had given him serious claustrophobia, a fear of warehouses and a dislike towards beaches. But it had also given him Mr. Stark.Peter wasn´t sure what had changed for the man, but after the Toomes fiasco, Mr. Stark had begun showing more interest. Wednesday and Friday had turned into actual, proper internship days where Peter would spend time with Mr. Stark in his own personal lab. At first it had been mostly Peter fixing his suit (coding updates, making and refilling his web fluid, fixing tears and such), getting coffee (“Not for you Pete, we really don´t need to add to your energy!”) and handing the man tools. But after a while it had turned into a more hands-on internship where Peter got to help build all sorts of stuff. He´d even been allowed to help tinker on the Iron man suit, as well as a few other Avengers related things. He was loving it! A few Fridays he´d even found himself in Mr. Starks personal living room with take outs and a movie. It was a constant argument on who would get to pick the movie, and Peter was very happy to say that he usually won the fight. Mr. Stark was now properly introduced to both Star Wars and Star Trek. Of course, that was only when it was just the two of them. Whenever Miss Potts joined them, they both knew better than to do anything but allow her to choose. Also, Aunt May knew now. It had been just a few days after homecoming when he´d been stupid enough to crawl into his bedroom in his suit without checking the door. The lecture that followed had been epic and Peter had been on his best behavior for weeks afterwards to get back into her good graces. Even Mr. Stark had received a huge scolding that had left the billionaire with his tail between his legs and the promise to never do anything to piss of May Parker again for as long as he lived. So, things were good! It was now nine months after homecoming, and Peter felt happy. There were no more surprises in his life. Sure, things sometimes surprised him while out on patrol and he sometimes ended up hurt, but they were small things. And yes(!) MJ had begun hanging out with him and Ned a bit more which came as a surprise, but they both really liked it.A surprise that Peter didn´t like on the other hand, was the Rogue Avengers coming back with a full pardon!After Mr. Stark had evaded his questions about Siberia (which he only knew about because he´d overheard Mr. Rhodey mentioning it a few months back) one too many times, Peter had taken things into his own hands and hacked Friday. To be fair, that hadn´t been his plan from the start… or at least not the only reason why he´d hacked the AI. Much to Peters displeasure, Mr. Stark had named all of Peter´s protocols after baby stuff. Baby monitor protocol, scraped knee protocol… Frankly, it was embarrassing. Unfortunately, no matter how many times Peter went in and changed them, they would all be changed back the very next day. As a revenge, Peter decided to go in and change Mr. Starks protocols to old people things. It took him maybe 40 minutes to break into the server, but while he searched through Mr. Starks servers to find a good protocol, he stumbled upon a file named “Siberia”. He´d been unable to stop himself from clicking on it, and had watched the whole clip of the fight in the bunker. A few minutes after the video ended, he could hear footsteps coming his way. With two seconds to spare he´d managed to get back out of the server and delete any evidence of his hack. Thankfully, Mr. Stark had been to engrossed in a new idea that he hadn´t noticed Peters odd behavior.So, now the rogues were coming back and Peter was not happy.In the months that he´d spent with Mr. Stark he´d gotten a bit protective over the man, and the thought of having people who´d betrayed him just a few floors down gave Peter a lot of anxiety. But, there wasn´t anything he could do about it. He knew how much work Mr. Stark had put into fixing the accords and getting the rogues back home. “The world needs the Avengers, Pete!” was all he said when Peter had asked him why he did it.
Peter trusted him, so he let it go.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Parent Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Pepper Potts's Biological Child
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Peter is a Little Shit
Hurt Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
The Avengers: The Avengers Initiative (Comic)
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

