Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
The day it happened Peter woke up with a tingly sensation running through his nape. Despite this, his morning went uneventfully and, according to his criteria, it was actually a pretty decent day: He woke up five minutes before his alarm, so he didn’t have to worry about arriving late to school. Flash didn’t tease him too much during the day, and Ned was present after a week of being sick with the flu. He got his Spanish test back, marked with a big red B+ on the top, which wasn’t perfect, but hey, he’d have time to push that grade up to an A. Chemistry was boring, as usual, so he had used his time to catch up on some extra designs for his suit.And then, it all went to hell.Ms. Warren was explaining the basics of special relativity – a topic he had gone over multiple times with Mr. Stark – when the sound of a notification coming from the pile of phones in his teacher’s desk surprised him. At first, he didn’t think too much of it. That wasn’t the sound his phone made when he received an alert, so he just silently pitied the owner of that Samsung.What he didn’t expect to hear was the sound of at least four more phones a second after the first one had gone off. Per school rules, they were all supposed to be silenced. The teacher sighed. “That’s enough. Whoever left their phones on, get them from the box and turn them off. We’re halfway through the semester, you’re supposed to know this.” Ms. Warren exclaimed, irritated over her lesson being interrupted. She picked back up the board pen as a couple of students got up from their chairs, slowly reaching the phone box. Most of them turned off their devices and returned to their seats quickly, but one brave classmate seemed to check their notifications – only to look up in fascination and shock, locking eyes with Peter for a brief second, and looking up to the pictures hanging on top of the whiteboard. Photographs of the greatest scientists of human history were displayed in his physics classroom: Albert Einstein, Marie Curie, Bruce Banner, and many more. Peter slid his eyes towards the picture his classmate was focusing on, finding a very familiar face on the wall.“Andrew, are you having any problem turning off your phone?” The teacher calmly asked, not taking her eyes off of the board. “Return to your seat.” The teen walked towards his position hurriedly, not before staring at Peter one more time, eyes wide with confusion. Then, a message through the school’s speakers:“Peter Parker, please report to the main office.”The teen blinked at the announcement as everyone turned their heads to stare at him. He quickly recovered from the small shock as he gathered his belongings, knowing that something was clearly going on. Ned shot him a confused look, to which he responded with a shrug and a silently mouthed apology. Was his secret identity leaked? Was Aunt May okay? And Mr. Stark? His brain entered into overdrive as he power-walked to Ms. Warren’s desk, skipping over Flash’s foot in the process, and grabbed his phone, located at the bottom of the pile. He stretched down his puny t-shirt with one hand as he turned on his phone with the other. He shut the door behind him carefully and paced towards the main office, his breathing uneven due to the rising pressure on his chest. He stopped down his tracks when he realized who was there. “Mr. Stark?” Peter asked breathlessly, watching the man currently sitting at his principal’s office.If the boy hadn't known him, he would’ve said that Tony was perfectly fine: polished suit and characteristic glasses on. However, his smile was strained, and he saw his eyes quickly assessing him as he approached him, not even glancing at his principal to say goodbye. “Yeah, kid. We have a situation, gotta get going.” The man said as he draped an arm over his shoulders, directing him towards the exit. He moved his pupils left and right as if he were surveilling the zone. “What do you mean a situation?” Peter said, frowning. “Like, a mission?” He whispered, getting out of Tony’s hold, walking backward to look at him as they talked.Mr. Stark sighed. “No Pete, not a mission. Something much worse.” He mumbled that last part as he forced Peter to enter the car, where Happy was waiting.“Much worse? You gotta be more specific.” The boy exclaimed, fastening his seatbelt. “Is Aunt May alright?” He frowned, muttering a quick ‘hey, happy’ to the man in the front seat.“Yeah, she’s at work. She almost burst my eardrum this morning, by the way.” The man said, furiously tapping his Starkpad. Peter frowned at the words, parting his lips to question even further, but Tony beat him to it. “This  type of situation.” He said, leaving the tablet next to the kid. Parker took the device, holding it in his hands as he read the title out loud, his voice pitching up. “Tony Stark and his  illegitimate  child?” He opened his mouth, glancing at his mentor, unsure of what to say next. He had a hand placed over his mouth, a sign of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Hurt Tony Stark
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Fix-It of Sorts
Irondad
Protective Pepper Potts
News Media
Paparazzi
Social Media
but it's not a social media au
sensory overloads
i ignore canon when i want to
Fluff
Light Angst
Genius Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
BAMF Michelle Jones
Everyone thinks Peter is Tony's son
i don't hate journalists
i demonize them for plot reasons
Bullying
Panic Attacks
Protective Tony Stark
i literally ignored every movie after homecoming
Hurt/Comfort
Tony is emotionally constipated
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
POV Second Person
an attempt at science
tony bought the stark tower back

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

