Chapter 1: A butterfly flaps its wings
    


Summary:

Tea is spilled, Holly accidently reads a mind, impulsively makes a lasting decision, and finds her calling.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
To say that Holly Potter was having an unusual day was something of an understatement.  Not that it was unusual for her guardians to yell at her.  That was quite normal.  So was getting hit.  No, what was unique today was Uncle Vernon’s exceptionally bad mood.  The words weren’t clear, but between hits he was blaming her for something.
You see, earlier that day something happened.  Something so ordinary and mundane it seemingly wouldn’t matter at all.  But like the butterfly flapping its wings and causing a hurricane, this action changed everything.  
Today Vernon Dursley accidently bumped into his boss and spilled tea on him.  
With his boss in a bad mood Vernon failed to receive a promotion hours later.  Naturally, Vernon Dursley blamed this on freakishness from that girl.  So he went home and took his temper out on her.  Violently.  
And after he beat Holly she triggered accidental magic that would change her life forever.
As Uncle Vernon stomped away, Holly was filled with a sudden overwhelming desire to know why.  Why did she get blamed for everything?  Why did they hate her?  Why did she have to live in a cupboard?  Why was such a freak?  Why was Dudley treated so much better?
Holly stared up at her aunt, wanting nothing more than to pluck the truth from her aunt’s mind.  The moment that thought occurred to her, she felt a rush of something, and her head was filled with knowledge that wasn’t hers.  Foreign thoughts flooded her mind and she had her answers.  
Her Aunt hated her because she had magic and so did her parents.  Not what Holly was expecting but it explained why odd things happened around her.
Holly looked up to see her Aunt rubbing her forehead.  Knowing she needed to get out of sight, she forced her body upright and hobbled back into her cupboard.  Better to escape now before she could be blamed for anything else.  
Back in the cupboard, she wrapped her arms around her legs and thought over her new knowledge. 
The Dursleys hated her, that she had already known.  It was obvious.  What was new is knowing why.  That she had magic and that made her an inhuman freak to them.  That Aunt Petunia hated her because, even though she couldn’t admit it, she was still jealous of her sister.  That she would never be good enough.    
And that it would never change.  
They would never love her.
Once she accepted the truth the next step was obvious: she needed to get away.  Her 11th birthday was only 3 weeks away and, unless her aunt’s memories were wrong, her Hogwarts letter would come before then.  In a couple months she’d have a new place to live and be taught to use her magic.
Holly felt strangely calm waiting in the dark.  She took off her bloodied clothes, wiped the drying blood off her face, and put on clean ones.  There was a cool feeling slowly spreading through her body and it relieved her pain.  Probably magic somehow.  She didn’t understand but was grateful.  Soon after the feeling faded, her body felt normal.
Once she heard Aunt Petunia start making dinner she crept out of her cupboard, grabbing what few clothes she did own in her arms.  She stuffed them into one of Dudley’s old backpacks, grabbed his coat, and moved into the master bedroom.  
Holly opened her Aunt’s jewelry cabinet and dumped everything into the backpack.  She knew it was pointless to take since she couldn’t pawn it, but she was feeling petty.  She snagged the cash from Uncle Vernon’s wallet, crept back downstairs, and out the front door.  
She started walking towards the bus stop, elated in the knowledge she was free.  
(Ms. Figg had seen her leave and, in an act of compassion, decided to cover for Holly.  She knew that poor girl was abused.  Knew she was starved.  That, no matter what Albus said, she’d be safer anywhere else.  She knew Holly would be alright.  Her Hogwarts letter would come soon.  She’d get help there.
She watched as the girl walked off into the night, knowing it would be years before she returned.)
Holly spent the next 2 weeks wandering the streets of London, honing her mind reading skills.  It took a week for her learn how to passively scan the surrounding people for bad intentions or if she’d caught their attention.  It’d kept her from getting caught stealing food several times already.
By the second week she’d refined her technique into what she called "skimming": stealing a tiny portion of a person’s memories and knowledge without leaving any obvious gaps.  Taking more would help her learn faster but leaving large gaps would be too suspicious.  Especially now that she knows exactly how paranoid the government types are.  
Plus, it’d make her feel bad if she took too much and left someone clueless.
A week before her 11th birthday she was woken up to an ow
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hermione Granger & Harry Potter
Sirius Black & Harry Potter
Fleur Delacour & Harry Potter

freeform: 
Female Harry Potter
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Oblivious Harry Potter
Unreliable Narrator
Morally Grey Harry Potter
Tags May Change
Humor
Ravenclaw Harry Potter
BAMF Harry Potter
Metamorphmagus Harry Potter
Thief Harry Potter
Holly's brilliant but socially inept
she'll cut a bitch but can't hold a conversation

fandom: 
Hermione Granger & Harry Potter
Sirius Black & Harry Potter
Fleur Delacour & Harry Potter

