Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter thought he knew what a hectic life entailed. He was used to his life having some chaotic moments; training as an Avenger meant long, tiresome hours, but it was worth it if it meant he’d one day get to be a part of the famous team.He’s grateful for the opportunity and makes sure his family knows how involved he is in his new title as Spider-Man, but having to juggle his training and preparation for college was becoming too much.That wasn’t to say he wasn’t excited about attending MIT. His dad had offered to pull some strings given his past with the institution, but as it would turn out, Tony Stark had no affiliation with Peter’s acceptance. Peter was a Stark after all.He never did take the famous surname, but he’d be lying if he didn’t think about it from time to time. All his life he had been a Rogers; it was who he was. And it was one of the last attachments he had to his late father.Every day Peter still takes out the old compass to admire the photo inside. The smiling face of his papa is what motivates him to get out of bed and give his all. For as long as he could remember all he ever wanted to do was make his papa proud. He feels he has, and he was sure his papa was smiling down on him.Besides his hectic life, not much has changed. Sure he’s a little older and maybe a little wiser, but he’s still the same Peter everyone knew him to be. Not much has changed with his family either. Well, besides the new member that would be joining them soon.Peter had been ecstatic when he learned he would be getting another cousin. His cousin Steve was one of his favorite people in the world, and not just because he shared the same name as his papa. Little Stevie was the perfect mix of his uncles, though some days he did have an attitude only a Barnes could have. It made Peter wonder what his newest cousin would be like.It wasn’t just the tight knit relationships with his family that Peter was proud of. His dad has never been more involved in his life. Tony still takes time to handle his duties at Stark Industries, but it was when he started joining the team again as Iron Man that Peter knew his dad was finally healing.So all in all life was good. A little crazy and nerve wracking at times, but good. Peter cherished every moment he had with his family, knowing how short life could be. Pretty soon he’d be attending MIT and his college life would overcome his home life.It’s late in the evening when Peter is finally able to retreat to his quarters and get some well needed sleep. All day he had been busting his ass and training hard with his aunt. She didn’t go easy on him, reminding him that any future enemies wouldn’t give a damn if he was just a kid. He had frowned at that; he was an adult now.Well, almost an adult. He was just shy of 18, but that apparently didn’t mean a damn thing to any of his family members. To them he was still a little kid.Peter enters the apartment he’s come to call home. He no longer feels guilty about taking up space in the guest room. It had been transformed into his own personal space, and when Stevie came along, Tony had two additional rooms built. It came in handy for any future Barnes-Wilson children.The first person to greet Peter is his cousin. Peter smiles down at the toddler and hoists him up, groaning a little from how heavy he’s gotten.“Dude, lay off the tater tots,” Peter jokes. He steps inside the apartment and shuts the door behind him, then goes in search of his uncles. He’s not surprised to only find one home; the other was most likely on Captain America duty.“Hey, Pete.” Bucky steps out of the kitchen with a dinner plate and Peter’s stomach grumbles at the sight of food. He forgot how hungry he was. “How did training go?”“Fine,” Peter replies and puts his cousin down so that he can accept the plate of food. “I’m pretty sure I’m going to be bruised for a while.”Bucky chuckles and lowers himself down on the couch, sucking in a harsh breath when his daughter decides to wake up and assault his ribs with a hard kick.“Is she awake?” Peter asks gleefully and quickly moves to sit down with his uncle so that he can place his hand over the growing bump. “Hi, baby,” Peter coos when his newest cousin presses her foot against his palm.“Baby!” Stevie claps his hands excitedly and crawls onto his father’s lap, ignoring the groans of pain Bucky makes from being squashed by two of his children.“I swear these kids are trying to kill me,” Bucky grunts when his son presses too hard on his stomach. He moves his son so that the toddler can sit beside him instead of on him. “I don’t remember Steve being this uncomfortable at this stage.”“Steve!” The toddler points at himself and Bucky chuckles.“Not you. My Steve. No wait I mean…” Bucky trails off with a sigh. “Maybe naming him Steve was a bad idea.”“Nah. I know my papa would be happy. I’m surprised I wasn’t named Steve Jr.” Peter jokes.“He struggled to name you. I think Nat said he named you after ice cream.”Peter groa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Sequel
Not Canon Compliant
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Mpreg
Pregnant Bucky Barnes
Captain America Sam Wilson
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Sam Wilson
Parent Steve Rogers
Parent Bucky Barnes
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Past Character Death
Temporary Character Death
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Eventual Romance
Eventual Relationships
Eventual Smut
Eventual Happy Ending
Original Character(s)
Sam and Bucky’s kids
Avengers Family
Team as Family
Family Fluff
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

