Chapter 1



Summary:

Stiles felt his father’s presence more than saw his father still in front of him, holding his breath for a moment before he finally exploded. “That’s it, Stiles! I am done with all of this. All these lies and secrets. I am your father and I am supposed to keep you safe. I thought we were close enough for you to come to me with anything, but obviously whatever it is you’ve gotten yourself involved in is way over your head!"Stiles tried not to slump under the disappointment and anger on his father’s voice, the bruises on his face pinching with the grimace he pulled. “Dad, I-“ “I don’t want to hear it, Stiles. I was out of my mind worrying about you! Jackson was killed out on that field and you went missing. I didn’t know what to think! You’ve changed so much in the last few months that I don’t think I know you anymore. The son I knew would never have gotten himself in these situations. It’s obvious that with how busy I am with work, I’m gone too often to keep an eye on you and make sure you’re out of trouble. So, I’m going to do the next best thing, I’m sending you live with your Uncle Phil in New York.”



Notes:
Thank you to the lovely Gtavare for being my BETA and the hours of back and forth silly emails late at night after I'm done my shift! Once again thank you to my lovely Cheerleader FaeryCastle and my new Cheerleader jamesm97 for helping me when I get stuck :)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
When Stiles walked through the front door, body throbbing with bruises, the last thing he wanted was a confrontation. Hoping to avoid his father, he quietly made his way up the stairs to his bedroom, only to find his father pacing around his room while on the line with one of his deputies. “Yeah, I’m not finding any clues here. Listen, if he shows up at the hospital– Okay, thanks.”John sighed deeply, staring down at the phone before clenching it in his fist, closing his eyes tightly, and fighting back his desperation. “Come on Stiles, where the hell are you?”Stiles swallowed tightly before answering, overwhelmed with guilt at making his father worry.  “Right here.”Turning, his dad took one look at him and rushed to his side, cupping his face and assessing the damage that Gerard had inflicted upon him.He couldn’t help the weariness in his voice as he tried to calm his father. “It’s okay, Dad. It’s okay.”His father’s voice was barely audible, shaking with rage.  “Who did this?”Stiles dropped his gaze, unable to look his father in the eye as he gave another one of hundreds of lies he’d been forced to tell since Scott had gotten the bite. “It’s okay, it’s just a couple of kids from the other team, you know they were pissed at losing. I was – I was mouthing off, you know, next thing I remember…”Stiles felt his father’s presence more than saw his father still in front of him, holding his breath for a moment before he finally exploded. “That’s it, Stiles! I am done with all of this. All these lies and secrets. I am your father and I am supposed to keep you safe. I thought we were close enough for you to come to me with anything, but obviously whatever it is you’ve gotten yourself involved in is way over your head!”Stiles tried not to slump under the disappointment and anger on his father’s voice, the bruises on his face pinching with the grimace he pulled. “Dad, I-“ “I don’t want to hear it, Stiles. I was out of my mind worrying about you! Jackson was killed out on that field and you went missing. I didn’t know what to think! You’ve changed so much in the last few months that I don’t think I know you anymore. The son I knew would never have gotten himself in these situations. It’s obvious that with how busy I am with work, I’m gone too often to keep an eye on you and make sure you’re out of trouble. So, I’m going to do the next best thing, I’m sending you live with your Uncle Phil in New York.”Stiles gaped at his father in disbelief.  “What the hell is this, Fresh Prince of Bel Air?! You can’t just send me away, Dad. I have a life here! What about school?! What about my friends?!”The sheriff huffed, pinching the bridge of his nose in frustration. “Where were those friends when you received those bruises, son? Are they also the friends causing you to lie to your own father?  I don’t know if you’re in a gang, or taking drugs, or hell! For all I know you've created some kind of underground fight club. Whatever it is, it’s bad for you, Stiles. I’m finding you at crime scenes, you’re getting restraining orders put on you. I just don’t know what’s going on with you anymore, and you won’t let me in to help fix the issue. As your father, it’s my job to make the tough decisions, and this one is the best I could come up with.  Phil and I have been talking about this for a while now, but this was the last straw. I’ll fax him your transcripts for your transfer and I’m putting you on the next flight out.  You can make new friends there. It’ll be only for a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Stiles Stilinski
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Crossover Pairings
Crossover
BAMF Stiles
Phil Coulson is Stiles Uncle
Hurt Stiles
Stiles gets sent away
Stiles is Pushed Out of the Pack
Stiles Leaves the Pack
Stiles Leaves Beacon Hills
Bullied Stiles Stilinski
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Brotp Stiles and Tony Stark
BAMF Phil Coulson
phil wont admit he is a spy
stiles is trained by the avengers
Demisexuality
Demisexual Steve Rogers
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Stiles Stilinski
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

