Chapter 1



Notes:
"I gotta have Roots before branchesTo know who I amBefore I know Who I wanna beAnd faith To take chancesTo live like I seeA place in this world For me"- Roots Before Branchesby RoomForTwo

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Peter jolted awake with a startled gasp, immediately sitting up as he frantically felt his body to ensure that he was still a solid human being and not crumbling to ash. Ash .Some people view ash as a melancholy version of rain, which to Peter confuses him since rain essentially represents the sky crying. However, rain usually doesn’t kill people as much as breathing in the smoky remains of ash. Ash represents death. If people choose so, they get reduced to ash when they die. So in a way, when Peter was dusted and turned to ash, he did die. In the eyes of everyone else who survived, he died.Shuddering at the memory of feeling his body falling apart against his will, Peter leaned back against his headboard and pulled his knees to his chest. It wasn’t the first time he has dreamed of Titan since coming back home, and it certainly won’t be the last time the nightmare scares him out of a restless night’s sleep. It doesn’t stop him from wishfully craving a dreamless night’s sleep, as he could feel the fatigue that resided deep in his bones. However, to everyone else, he was “coping” very well, but to him he knows that he’s just able to fake a smile better than anyone else would expect. He’s not okay, and Peter didn’t know if he’d ever be okay again.Peter glanced over to his window, he had forgotten to close the curtains last night and so he could see the faint light trying to breach the horizon, signaling that dawn was right around the corner. It’s only been two months since Carol Danvers had snapped her fingers and Thanos was defeated, dusted like the titan had done to them, only this time it was the heroes that emerged victoriously. Learning that five years had passed was the hardest part of the entire traumatic situation. To Peter, it had felt like a few seconds, and even though he knew it was an unrealistic expectation, Peter had thought that maybe it would’ve been a few months at most and that was that. Then Doctor Strange was helping him to his feet and telling him that it had been five years and that they were needed on Earth and Peter felt like he had experienced a severe case of whiplash. Sure enough, when reuniting with Tony on the battlefield, the billionaire had more grey in his hair and the broken look on his face almost made Peter break down into sobs then and there. He knew that Tony put the world before himself every time and he knew what the Snap would’ve done to the older man. However, all those thoughts went right out the window when Tony pulled him into a hug, and for the first time since coming back to Earth and even in the middle of a battlefield, Peter felt like he was home.Peter blamed himself for luring himself into a false sense of security because shortly after the battle, Peter found out how much things had really changed since he had been gone. Apparently Tony now had a flesh-and-blood daughter named Morgan who was a spitting image of both her mother and father. Peter saw the way Tony looked at his daughter like she was his entire world and he felt his heartbreaking slightly. Once upon a time, Peter believed that Tony looked at him that way as if he had taken Peter to become his non-biological kid. Now that Tony had a biological kid, Peter doubted that Tony would ever look at him that way again.Then Happy came around and told him that May was on her way and Peter nearly collapsed in relief that she was okay. Then Happy said that she had not been dusted and Peter's heart stuttered in sadness. May had believed that Peter had been dead for five years. Peter had left May mourning by herself for five years. Logically, Peter had known that it wasn’t his fault that he was one of the people that had been dusted, but it didn’t stop the guilt at leaving May to her own devices. Not only had she lost Ben but she thought that she had lost Peter too.Soon after May arrived, Peter found out about MJ. May had been trying to keep that information from him at first, but Peter had overheard her conversation with Happy about it and things spiraled down from there. May had then explained to him that MJ didn’t get dusted and that she was now married with a newborn son. As soon as Peter heard the news, the overwhelming sense of drowning in the past hit him full force and he emotionally shut down. His high school crush, one of his closest friends, was no longer his age and had moved on to build a life of her own. He knew that part of him was genuinely happy for MJ, but it was also a reminder of the five-year gap between him and everyone who survived the Snap.Peter was jolted out of his self-pity when a knock sounded on his bedroom door.“Peter?” A male voice called from the other side. “Time to get up for school. Break
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Nightmares
Oblivious Tony Stark
Avengers acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figures
Depressed Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

