Chapter 1: Tony
    




Chapter Text
Tony had the mother of all headaches, and he was about 72% certain he hadn’t been drinking last night. That was a fairly good probability, considering. He slowly opened his eyes, and as his vision adjusted to his surroundings, that 72% went to 100% real quickly. His heart rate sped up, even though he outwardly tried to force himself to look calm. Because, fuck, this was not happening again. Where was he? What had he happened? How did he get here? Who brought him here?He was sitting in an empty room, in a chair. There was an empty chair across from him. He slowly leaned forward, testing his arms. He was bound, his hands cuffed behind his back, his ankles tied to the legs of the chair. He was wearing regular clothing, and he didn’t have any iron man pieces on him to call a suit to him.He also didn’t have a ring or a bracelet to call for help with. Wriggling around and feeling for tech, he found nothing on him and could feel nothing that he could use for FRIDAY to track him. Which meant whoever kidnapped him had already removed everything, or for whatever reason, he had been out without anything useful on him when he had been kidnapped. That would be unlikely, but he couldn’t really remember what he had been doing before this. His memory was spotty, several blank spots in his mind filled with various bits and pieces of before. He remembered talking to Pepper and being in the tower, as well as various meetings of the day, and being in many places, but all of it was scattered throughout the day and nothing made much sense.His dry mouth and pounding head signified he had probably been drugged, and the memory loss pointed to a rather fancy drug which meant whoever kidnapped him knew what they were doing. This didn’t bode well.He tried to get his breathing and heart rate under control. He might have had his heart surgery but his heart wasn’t in perfect condition and he wasn’t as young as he used to be. Hopefully his captors weren’t stupid enough to kill him by causing unnecessary stress that messed with his heart, but maybe that would end up being his way out of this mess. He clenched his jaw at the thought of dying of a damn heart attack because he, Iron Man, got kidnapped. Again.He wasn’t sure how long he sat there, struggling against his restraints before he eventually gave up after his wrists got sore. No one entered the room, and he sat there in boredom, studying the walls for any clue as to where he was or why he was here. Who wanted to kidnap him? Well that list was rather long, and he could think of many people who had a grudge against him.All the people he pissed off as the Merchant of Death. All the people he pissed off as Tony Stark. All the people he pissed off as Iron Man. Maybe Steve trying to get at him. Doubtful. Maybe Ross. Much more likely. With his record of people who hated him, it wasn’t a surprise someone hadn’t kidnapped him sooner. With the Avengers having fallen apart, and less people being at his side, it made him a much easier target to go after.Rhodey was still undergoing physical therapy, improving but not fully there with his ability to walk. Vision was still struggling to deal with his strangely human emotions and his hurt feelings over Wanda. Rogers and Romanoff were in the wind. Clint, Sam and Wanda were on the Raft. I’m not the one who needs to watch my back, Romanoff had told him. Maybe it hadn’t been a threat.Maybe he should have listened.He squirmed a little in his chair but it made his wrists twinge and his head throb and he stopped again. This waiting for someone to come in so he could figure out why he was here and who had captured him and why was making him stressed and anxious, no matter how hard he tried to pretend it wasn’t. He had gotten good at his poker face and hiding some of his emotions, but he wasn’t at Romanoff levels yet. And goddamn, he still got angry every time he thought about her and he really needed to stop thinking about the rogues because he had more important things to worry about right now.Like being kidnapped.He spent the next few hours mentally preparing himself for what he was going to have to do. Were they going to try to force him to make weapons? Give up information? Did they want money? Did they want technology? Did they want to kill him? He could think of many different scenarios for what they wanted him for, and none of them were particularly good. If they just wanted money, it would be a simple situation and he would easily be able to get out. But if they wanted technology or information, specifically information that could threaten others he cared about, he knew it would be bad. Something he couldn’t give them. He swallowed hard.He didn’t want a repeat of Afghanistan. Couldn’t do it all over again. Part of him knew his heart couldn’t take that anyway. It would give out long before he fell to that level again. At least they couldn’t torture him that far. His breath had quickened again, and he was already wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Hurt Natasha Romanov
Hurt Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Torture
Psychological Torture
Psychological Trauma
Past Child Abuse
Rape/Non-con Elements
Past Rape/Non-con
Red Room (Marvel)
Panic Attacks
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Electrocution
Waterboarding
Broken Bones
Non-Consensual Drug Use
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Character Tags will be added when they come in

fandom: 
None
