Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy was used to being an outcast. She'd gone through middleschool with the trifecta of social ostrazation- glasses, braces and acne. Not to mention ridiculously curly hair that rivaled Princess Mia's and Hermione's. But somehow, thanks to Acutane, contacts, getting her braces removed, finding a curl relaxer that actually worked, her cup size expanding rapidly, lots of makeup and the new "chique" wardrobe, she was popular. In fact, she was the most popular girl at her school.She was also very, very uncomfortable.The clothes are too tight, the contacts itch and she can't quite shake the feeling that the only reason she has "friends" is because she's societally acceptable now thanks to her "improved" looks.Maybe that's why, when Mrs. Porter asked them to get into the groups of two she didn't go to Cindy (or was it Mindy?) or Casey (or was it Cathy) her supposed best friends, she goes and she sits next to Wednesday Addams.
*
"OMG Darcy," whined Marcy (or was it Macey) "I can't believe you chose that gothic freak overme." And yeah, Darcy had never liked her much, but wow. It was no surprise that she couldn't remember her name."I think it's sweet,Darcy taking pity on her like that" said Beth, who was Darcy's cousin and the Junior Queen Bee. She was also the reason Darcy'd gotten an unwanted makeover, but whatever. Beth was sweet, though slightly shallow. "Just imagine, Darcy, if you could convince her to let me give her a makeover! She has such potential..."  For a moment Darcy had a horrifying mental picture of Wednesday Addams in a dress like the one Beth was wearing . It wasn't that she wouldn't look good in it, it just wouldn't suit her personality."I'll see what I can do," she lied. "I'm supposed to go to her place after school, so-what?" she said at their horrified looks. "What?"
*Oh, she thought as she looked at the dark castle looming behind the gate the bus had dropped her off at, that's what.Well, it was very Wednesday. And she could see why her "friends" had been so horrified. She kinda liked it though. Originally, she'd thought that Wednesday was simply a spookier sort of goth, but this house seriously implied a spooky realtor at least.The fence rattled ominously as she stepped towards it and she flinched. "Sorry," she said to it, feeling rather foolish. Wednesday had told her that if she was nice to the fence, then the fence would be nice to her, but talking to inanimate objects like they'd understand her wasn't exactly something Darcy was adept at. "You startled me," she continued and her eyes bugged a little when it rattled...apologetically? OK, time to roll with the punches so to speak. "Erm, can I come in?" she asked it politely. "Wednesday's expecting me."And just like that, Fence (as she decided to call it) swung open. "Thanks." she said, and picked up her backpack from the ground next to her. She'd only set foot on the path when the ground in front of her exploded suddenly, causing her to skitter away from it.Right she remembered. Wednesday gave me directions. Where did I- she fumbled through her ridiculous purse, cursing softly beneath her breath until she found the directions written in Wednesday's spiky handwritting. "Left, forward, forward, right, forward, left, back, forward..." she read aloud as she danced along the path. "Jump, ring doorbell and smile." she finished when she finally got to the porch. She rang the doorbell, and when it swung open to reveal a very tall man with a striking resemblance to classic Frankenstein she managed to conjure up a smile. "Hi," she said. "Is Wednesday here? I'm Darcy. We're supposed to work on a project together?" The man grunts and moves away, allowing her into the house, and yep, there is no doubt that Wednesday grew up here. And, if the stunning, otherwordly woman gliding towards her is any indication, Wednesday's beautiful eerie charm may just be genetic."Hello," the woman purrs, "I am Morticia Addams, Wednesday's mother. Please, call me Morticia." she continued, extending her hand and Darcy gave into the urge to kiss it gently. When she straightened, it was to see that Mortica was smiling a little, eyes twinkling. "And you are?" she inquired. "Darcy Lewis." said Darcy. "I'm in Wednesday's history class.""She's in the library dearie," cackled an old woman from the second floor. "Pugsly will show you." A boy, slightly shorter than she was and definitely heavier waved. He looked slightly like Wednesday-maybe her brother? She didn't have time to ask because he was walking away. Hurriedly, she called goodbye to Morticia, Lurch and the old woman and ran after him, not noticing the hand scurrying after her.

"I like her," the old woman said to Morticia after she'd left. "She's a bit of a Debbie, isn't she?"



Morticia smiled knowingly. "Oh, mama. She's got so much more potential than Debbie."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Gomez Addams/Morticia Addams
Wednesday Addams/OC

freeform: 
Fluff
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Genderfluid Character
Angst
Alternate Universe - High School
not SHIELD friendly
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Gomez Addams/Morticia Addams
Wednesday Addams/OC

