Work Text:
     Peter huffed, looking over at the clock on the top of his dresser.      Two ten, it read.      Long suffering sigh escaping his lips he flopped backwards on his bed, questioning his life’s decisions. In just ten minutes he had to go down to the intern floors and take over for one of the lab directors. Not that he didn’t like to! Even if he hated it he would still do it to give the directors a break every now and then. He just… didn’t feel like it.      Finally mustering together the mental and emotional strength to escape from his coffin of temporary death Peter rolled off the bed, going over to one of his windows. Peeking around the curtain showed him that it was still pretty dark out, which wasn’t a surprise, and let the large cloth flutter back into place.      Going to his bathroom, intentionally slapping his feet against the hardwood floors as he went, he grabbed his toothbrush and began the oh so taxing task of brushing his teeth. Once done with that, he looked at his hair in the mirror and huffed, uncaring. It was going to inevitably end up as a frazzled mess, so in the end it doesn’t really matter.      Exiting the bathroom, turning the light off as he went, he briefly debated putting shoes on.      Eh, socks worked.      Looking over at the clock it said two eighteen this time. Had it already been that long? Wow, he was moving slow this morning.      Making sure he had his phone, watch (they were both custom made! (by his dad!)), and folders on his person he shuffled down the hallway and into the elevator. Pressing the twenty seventh floor button, humming ‘boop’ as he did so, he tapped his foot during the short wait.      Nobody else got on, which was valid because it was early in the morning, so the trip was pretty quick.      Stepping out Peter arrived just as the clock hit two twenty.      Freddie, the lab director he was taking over for, practically flew over, operating purely on coffee and two-in-the-morning manic energy.      “Peter! Thank god you’re here,” she greeted, not giving him the chance to say anything. “Here, I got you an amino energy drink, grape flavored because I know you love those, and like three of those pumpkin muffins with cream cheese icing things from the bakery a block over.”      Taking the items that were suddenly and forcibly thrust into his hands Peter looked down, blinking at them. When his brain finally processed her fast-paced words and what was given, he grinned. “Thanks! Just what I needed. How about you go and crash on floor thirty? I’m sure that if you got in a quick two hour nap you’d feel a lot better before heading home.”      She nodded, exhaustion suddenly flooding over her. “How are you always right, Mini Dude?” He chose not to correct her. Since when did anyone call him Mini Dude? “I’d probably pass out on the subway anyways. I’ll see you later!” And with that Freddie was gone.      “She’s been out of it for a while now,” an curly haired intern by the name Gabriel informed him. “Even called Evan ‘Simon Says.’ Simon’s in San Francisco.”      “Well, he did come up with the name.”      “No, that was Evan on floor twenty six.”      “Oh yeah.” He stopped for a second. “Well, I should probably eat these and you need to get back to work. You know how Mr. Stark is when things are late.”     The slightly pudgy intern gave him a look. “Since when do you call him Mr. Stark? Yesterday he was Dad.”      Peter was about to stutter a half-brained response but the older teen had already walked away. Rolling his eyes Peter made his way over to a desk on the far wall, setting his things down.      As he ate the absolute best food in existence he watched over the floor. Honestly, being on shifts to watch over the labs weren’t too hard. Rarely did anything ever go horribly wrong, but when it did things were catastrophic. So, a lab director was always there. Well, Peter technically wasn’t a lab director, but he was pretty high up in SI (what even his job?(he didnt know)) so he could do a lab directors job if it was needed.      A couple hours later, as he was sorting through the filed he brought with him and periodically going around the room, an intern called him over.      “What’s up?” Peter asked as he came to a stop at the intern’s desk.      “Well,” Maya, one of the younger interns started, “I just can’t get this to do the thing it needs to do!”      Scanning over the paper, Peter’s brain got to work. A minute later he identified the problem. “You’re researching ways to improve the durability of liquid bandage, right?” She nodded. “Well… typically liquid bandages dissolve in salt water and baby oil, which are pretty common, so I’d be looking to change or at least slow the dissolution process.”      Maya nodded slowly, gears turning in her head. “I thought about that earlier, but I couldn’t find anything that would work.”      Peter nodded. “Can I borrow a pen and paper?” She slid over her notebook and pen. Turning to a fresh page, he began scribbling. “A 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
well more like the acadec team goes on a field trip
and sees peter
Fluff
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark is a Good Dad
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Stark Industries
Stark Industries Employee Peter Parker
Identity Reveal
Kinda
not really - Freeform
but also kinda
Good Parent Tony Stark
why isnt that a tag
it should be
smh
inaccurate science
tw food mention
i think thats the only tw
One Shot
pspspsps come get ur fic
pspspspsp
ok im stopping on tags
Intern Peter Parker
Irondad
spiderson

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

