Work Text:
  Tony Stark was going to have to keep an eye on his fiancé, Pepper. She was becoming far too sneaky in getting Tony to do things that he ordinarily wouldn’t do. He still wasn’t sure how exactly she had managed to get him booked for the week going around to schools and acting as a guest speaker. He would be pissed if he wasn’t so impressed. He made a mental note to buy her a gift. Perhaps of the jewellery kind. He was so wrapped up in the impressiveness that was his fiancé that it wasn’t until he was standing in Midtown School of Science and Technology that he remembered that his intern and vigilante Peter Parker attended the school. He smirked from behind his sunglasses as the kid did a double take at the sight of Tony, his jaw going slack and his eyes going wide. Beside him, Tony watched as Peter’s best friend Ned, smack Peter on the arm and whisper something harshly. Peter hadn’t known he was coming. Tony grinned at the thought. “Everyone! Take your seats,” Mr. Harrington clapped his hands, his voice echoing around the auditorium. Tony watched as the Midtown Decathlon scrambled to take their seats, Peter slinking towards a chair and sliding down as low as he could get. Tony snorted at the action, Peter having heard him across the room and shot him a glare. “Relax kiddo,” Tony mumbled under his breath, knowing Peter would hear him. “This cannot be any more embarrassing than you showing up at the tower covered in sewage.” That had been a particular evening that still made Tony chuckle when he thought about it. The kid had showed up on his balcony, covered in waste that had Tony reeling back and pinching his nostrils shut when he opened the door for the kid. “What the hell is that?” Tony had demanded, running a wary eye over Peter. Peter had pulled off his mask, his face the most miserable that Tony had ever seen. “I don’t want to talk about it.” Then he had pressed the spider emblem on his chest and the suit billowed out, Peter stepping out of it as soon as he could. “You stink kid,” Tony had frowned. Peter had shot him a glare as fierce as puppy. “Alright, shower. Right now,” Tony had ushered him into the penthouse, keeping his distance. When Peter was in the shower, Tony grabbed the suit, tossed it in several bags and bagged it up as tightly as he could. Then he asked FRIDAY to show him what happened. Tony had still been laughing when Peter came out of the shower. Peter shot Tony a betrayed look and slumped further down in his seat. “As I mentioned at our last meeting, I had a special treat for you all,” Mr. Harrington beamed at the students. “Please welcome our special guest, Tony Stark!” Tony grinned at the applause and came forward to he was standing closer to the students. “Thank you for having me.” “The pleasure is all ours,” Mr. Harrington assured Tony. “We know you have a busy schedule and can’t thank you enough for taking the time to speak with us.” Like he had with all the other schools he visited, Tony launched into his speech. He talked to them about the current work SI was working on, their vision for a greener future and the science and engineering behind some of their projects. He threw in a few Ironman tales that had everyone cheering (and Tony caught them small, proud smile on Peter face) and then opened the floor up to questioning. Tony grinned as everyone’s hands shot up (apart from Peter’s.) Typically, the questions revolved around him being Ironman. “Can you show us the suit?” “Can you come to my birthday?” “Can Ironman beat the Hulk in a fight?” “Can I take a ride in the suit?” “Can you blow up my homework?” “Is Penis Parker really your intern?” Tony smile froze in place as he stared at the kid who had asked the last question. He sat in the front row, a smirk in place as he glanced towards Peter. Tony spared Peter a quick glance, the kid sliding so low in his seat Tony was surprised he hadn’t slid off yet. “Excuse me?” Tony asked, his voice going tight. The kid – Flash, FRIDAY helpfully informs him through his glasses – has a smug little smirk on his face and is throwing Peter a nasty a smile at he speaks. Peter isn’t looking at Flash, but rather shooting Tony a panicked look that only seems to fuel the bully’s eagerness. “Penis Parker has been spreading a nasty rumour that he’s your intern,” Flash continued. “I for one, don’t believe that someone like him could be SI material.” “I didn’t realise you worked in our hiring department,” Tony drawled with a smirk. “Tell me, when did you start?” The students broke into snickers and Flash’s face flushed pink. “And I don’t know anyone who has the name Penis so I have no idea as to who you are referring to,” Tony continued, his voice icy as he stared down Flash. “I was under the impression that this school also had a zero tolerance for bullying. Stark Industries also has a zero tolerance for bullying, and we do not accept anyone who has an incident of bullying on their permanent record.” Flash’s face went pale, and Tony had the sat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Teen Peter Parker
Sad Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Bullied Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Precious Ned Leeds
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Flash Thompson Being A Jerk
Bully Flash Thompson
Bullying
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Mentioned Pepper Potts
Decathlon
Midtown Highschool of Science and Technology
Stark Industries
Stark Industries Employee Peter Parker
Intern Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

