Chapter 1: V Day
    




Chapter Text
It was bound to happen, Bucky supposes. Eventually the honeymoon is over and a bit of the magic is lost. Sure, it’s still pretty great. But day in and out, he pretty much knows exactly what he’s in for.13 copies of Twilight, 5 hold requests for Gone Girl, 3 kids pulling anatomy books down from the shelves to giggle at, 2 irate patrons arguing about their fines, 1 lost looking blonde guy wandering around, and a partridge in a pear tree.Bucky glares at the kids from his position at the reference desk at the middle of the large room. They don’t even have the decency to reshelf the book before they take off running out the revolving door and into the street outside. He begrudgingly stands up from the books he’s supposed to be entering into the catalogue and walks to where the anatomy book is lying open on the ground, displaying a pretty detailed rendering of a large intestine.It’s nearly 5 now, just another hour and Bucky will be able to go home, lock the door and hunker down for the night in his apartment. Where no one touches his books, he isn’t responsible for gathering 20 copies of The Help for a book club, and he’s the only one who is allowed to write in the margins.It’s not that he’s antisocial. Well, maybe a bit antisocial now that the bloom of hanging out in bars has worn off. Sometimes Natalie will drag him out, but Brooklyn has officially been adopted as the Hipster homeland. Any place they go is crowded with guys who look like the villain from old cartoons where women were tied to train tracks. Its better for everyone involved for Bucky to stay at home, ordering in food on Seamless.Bucky sighs to himself, putting the book back, edging out the volumes surrounding it so that they sit flush with the edge of the bookshelf. Looking around, he realizes he’s going to have to have Darcy come through while she’s paging to tidy this whole area. She’ll hate it, and then become obsessed with it until it looks so pristine that people are afraid to disturb the order.“Uh, excuse me?” a man’s voice sounds hesitantly from the end of the stacks, where the computers are. Bucky turns, expecting a nervous looking freshman from the college two blocks away, clutching an iPad in his hands. There’s a particularly prickly professor who insists her students use only print resources. And so every term, Bucky gets at least 20 shell-shocked looking kids who have no idea where to being with their research.Instead, his eyes have to continue looking up from the place where they had land on the man. Up and up past broad shoulders to a handsome face with blue eyes.“Bathrooms are in the basement.” Bucky answers, hopefully saving himself some time here.The guy’s eyebrows come together on his forehead. “Okay.” He says, bobbing his head up and down. He turns away quickly and heads away, new looking sneakers squeaking on the marble floor.Bucky rolls his eyes and goes back to his desk, trying to finish up his work for the day. He has Netflix and pad thai calling his name back at the apartment.It goes on in silence for a few minutes. A couple patrons come in to use the computers, but they seem to know the drill of logging in and accessing whatever they need.He hears the approaching sound of Darcy’s heels long before he sees her emerge at the entrance to the large room where the reference desk, computers, and nonfiction section are.“Darce, I could use you straightening up in the stacks.” Bucky tells her, not looking up from his scanning.Darcy snorts through her nose, “Yeah, sure. Whatever you say. Because clearly it would kill anyone here to put a book back the way they found it.” She taps her foot on the floor for a few beats. It’s long enough to get Bucky’s attention. “This guy needs your help finding something.” She says, nodding her head in the direction of the blonde guy from earlier.Blonde guy has the decency to blush and look a bit more flustered at having to have Darcy lead him here.“You got it Darce.” Bucky says, giving her a thumbs-up. She rolls her eyes and heads off to the stacks once again. “What can I help you with?” He asks the man.The other guy shrugs, his hands in the pockets of a tan coat. He looks like he just came from church. Blonde hair combed neatly, black pants pressed with a crease, and a collared shirt beneath his jacket. Bucky absently picks at the messy way that the sleeves of his shirt are pushed up to his elbows, pushes his glasses up his nose and sets his shoulders.“Card catalogue?” The blonde man asks, avoiding making eye contact with Bucky.Bucky nods, pointing at a computer on a stand near his desk, “Over there, if I can help you further, let me know.”The man nods. “Thank you.” He says, turning and walking to the computer terminal. He pulls a small spiral bound notebook from his pocket and places it next to the keyboard.And then nothing. Bucky watches absently from his desk as the man prods at the mouse for less than a minute, and then cautiously presses a few keys. The co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Libraries
Librarians
Pop Culture
Books
Literature
Librarian Bucky
Captain America: Man Out of Time
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Friends to Lovers
Battle of New York (Marvel)
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Injury Recovery
Shit gets intense for a few chapters but then everyone hugs it out
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Coming Out
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

