Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"You are welcome here anytime," Laura promised Yelena as they stand in the doorway of the house. The car had been warmed up, packed, and was ready to go.  Yelena smiles slightly. "Okay..."  "I mean it. You can come back anytime. Don't be afraid to call either," Laura holds out a white box, adjusting Nathaniel on her hip. "From the kids."  Yelena reaches out to take it in confusion. "What is it?" She moves to open it.  "Don't open it until you're in the car," Laura gently stops her with a hand on her wrist. "It's a surprise." She smiles softly.  Yelena smiles slightly. "Okay." She nods, tucking the small white box under her arm. Cooper steps forward to wrap his arms around her tightly.  "I'll miss you, Auntie Lena!" Cooper said. "Here." He holds up the red Hotwheels car. "This is for you."  Yelena takes the car, running her thumb over the wheels with a small smile before she reaches out to ruffle Cooper's hair. He lets out a laugh as he grins up at her. "Thank you," Yelena said.  "I made this for you!" Lila produces another piece of artwork, a little artist in the making. Yelena takes the piece of paper of her and Natalia fighting 'bad guys'.  Yelena smiles, tucking it safely away in one of her vest pockets with the red car. "Thank you." Clint clears his throat as he steps up. Yelena nearly takes a step back but forces herself to stay still in front of the children. "Here." He holds out a yellow keychain with a faded honeycomb print on it. "This is for you."  Yelena reaches out to take it, confusion on her face.  "It's a key to the house," Clint clarifies as he steps back. "You are welcome anytime."  Yelena looks down at the key in her hand before looking back up at him. "Thank you." She reaches her other hand out. A sign of good faith. Clint smiles as he reaches out to gently shake her hand.  Nathaniel lets out a screech as he reaches a hand out toward Yelena. "Na!" His version of Yelena.  Yelena smiles softly, reaching out to let him wrap a hand around her finger for a moment. "Be good you little goofball." "Ready?" Natalia sets a hand onto Yelena's shoulder and the girl nods.  "Can I hug you?" Laura questioned and Yelena lets out a hesitant nod.  Laura was everything that Yelena remembered Melina was when she was a child. Warm and comforting. She sinks into the hug, Nathaniel reaching out to tug on hair.  "Be safe," Laura pulls away and reaches out to ruffle Yelena's hair as she did with her own children. "Yeah?"  Yelena smiles softly. "Okay."  Yelena and Natalia drive off to waves from the Barton family. Yelena looks at the white box and pulls the top off.  Inside the box was the newest phone model. Yelena had seen it on the television and advertised in newspapers. Yelena pulls it out of the box. It was all set up and everything. The home screen flashed a goofy photo of Cooper and Lila that was taken just the day before.  Yelena smiles. Their number was already in the phone and there were some games already downloaded.  This little action made Yelena feel so loved. She was part of their family. She had a home that she could return to with people that cared about her.  
 Natalia parks the car a few streets over from Stark tower and insists that they walk.  "Tony needs to see us approaching," Natalia said at Yelena's questioning glance. "Let me do all the talking. Okay?"  Yelena nods, glancing up as they approach the tower. She steps inside the lobby, hiding behind Natalia slightly. Natalia knew Tony Stark. She wouldn't let anything happen to her.  Tony Stark in all his glory was waiting for them when they arrived. "Natasha. You have a lot of nerve coming back here."  Natalia inclines her head. "I wouldn't come if I thought it was dangerous." "Give me one good reason why I shouldn't call Ross right this moment?" Tony folds his arms. Yelena takes that moment to poke her head out from behind Natalia and the man blinks at her. "What is this?"  "This is my sister," Natalia replies, gesturing to Yelena. "I need your help to protect her."  Yelena folds her arms, sliding closer to Natalia as the man's stare.  "You have a lot of explaining to do," Tony jabs a finger at Natalie but then turns around and heads toward the elevator, the doors opening as he approached. "Well? Let's talk business."  Natalia follows, grasping Yelena's hand to tug her toward the elevator as well. Well... they weren't shot on sight. Yelena supposed that was a good thing. 
 
The three of them enter Tony’s lab and he takes a seat on his rolling stool, picking up a stylus and a tablet. “So, tell me about her.” 
 
“She’s an immigrant under the age of sixteen and the best child assassin ever created,” Natalia said, Yelena wincing at the reminder. 
 
“Right,” Tony taps his pen against his desk. “Not a legal citizen, under the age of eighteen, responsible for the death of probably thousands…”
 
“Will you help me or not?” Natalia’s voice is slightly demanding and there is a lilt of pleading. 
 
“Yeah,” Tony nods. “Gimme 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Yelena Belova & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
more tags as the story progresses
Read part one and two first
Child Soldiers
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Implied Childhood Sexual Abuse
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Yelena Belova Needs a Hug
Yelena Belova-centric
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony has an issue with adopting children
Precious Peter Parker
Yelena has issues
Hurt/Comfort
Panic Attacks
Self-Harm
Disassociation
Melina Vostokoff bashing
Alexei Shostakov bashing

fandom: 
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Yelena Belova & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

