Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
He sits, staring at the slip of paper in his hand."Cuddle Commandos" was printed in black ink, block text like a rubber stamp, over a camouflage background. It purported to be "a non-profit, therapeutic organization promising one-on-one affection services", promising "non-sexual touch and intimacy for the residents of the greater Chicagoland area." According to the flyer, it employed only veterans who had passed a full criminal background check and psychological screening. All proceeds generated, it said, went to local charities for disabled veterans, including the training and care of service dogs.Well. If it didn't work, at least the couple of bucks that he threw at it was for a good cause, he told himself. What's the worst that could happen? (He immediately imagines sex murders, robbery, humiliation, and then shoves those thoughts back down the deep and terrible well from whence they came.)Drawing a deep breath, Steve Rogers screws up his courage, picks up his phone, and begins to dial.  
 Steve's rarely been touched in a way that didn't equate to some kind of hurt. The cold metal of a stethoscope against his frail chest or the sting of a needle drawing yet another blood sample, when he was a sickly child. The bone-shattering punches thrown by the neighborhood bullies on the playground, or by his own father at home, drunk and wild. His mother, weak and clutching at him as she grew more incoherent with the drugs as the cancer ate away at her insides. Touch was something he shied away from, something he told himself he just didn't want. Except...he did. He just didn't know how. How did people do it? Just...hold hands like that, easy as breathing, or curl next to someone on a couch? Hug them hello, hug them goodbye, oblivious to all that implied? The incredible amount of trust it took just to allow someone to sling an arm around his shoulders, or...more than that?He knew there was something deeply wrong with him, and he had no idea how to begin to fix it. Until he saw the stupid flyer, and allowed himself to hope.  
 The phone rings three times, and just as he's thinking he should hang up, a woman answers."Cuddle Commandos, Natasha speaking." Her voice is deep, but warm. "Uh. Hi. I, uh. I saw your, your...flyer?" Steve winces at the sound of his own voice, gone a little pitchy in his nervousness. "Is this. I don't mean to be rude, but, I mean is this...for real?"She laughs, a low friendly chuckle. "I know. We get that question a lot. Yes, this is for real."Steve grabs a pencil from the cup on the desk, and starts doodling on the back of the flyer. Sketching, even idly, always calms his nerves, gives him something to focus on that isn't his own awkwardness. "So...how does this work, exactly?""We're a professional service providing intimacy and affection for people who might just, as simple as it sounds, need a hug, or to be cuddled for a little while. We're not an escort service. They come to you, so that all affection services take place in a familiar, comfortable environment. And you don't need to worry, all our professional cuddlers are thoroughly pre-screened and vetted. We also are proud to have a therapy dog on staff, in the event that human contact isn't desired.""Sometimes, you just need to hug a dog," Steve posits dryly. The idea, however, had its appeal. He never had any pets as a kid, between his horrible asthma and allergies, and his family's finances being so tight. "Exactly! Don't laugh. Dogs are kind of the best. They're good listeners, very understanding. And they don't judge. Plus, they're soft. Petting dogs is good tactile sensation for grounding, if you have anxiety." She sounds like someone who's been through it before, he notices. "Well. That's reasonable. So." He clears his throat. "What are the...rates like?" God, I can't believe I'm asking this. He looks down at what he's been doodling and it's a little cartoon of himself, surrounded by dust bunnies and tumbleweeds. "Well, for an hour of cuddling, it's $40. For an evening, it's $125. If you want an overnight stay - and again, this is strictly non-sexual contact - it's $300." She pauses, and he can hear the shuffle of papers on the other end of the line. "The therapy dog, now, he is $25 an hour. He doesn't do overnights."This gets a dry huff of a laugh out of Steve. "Yeah, okay, that's fair.""So. What can I set you up with?"Steve takes a deep breath before replying. He tries to picture some stranger coming into his house, his space, and touching him. His skin crawls. He looks over at the empty couch and thinks of all the times he's daydreamed about curling up with someone on it. Watching a movie, maybe. Listening to music. Just sitting in companionable silence, having someone run their fingers through his hair. In all those daydreams, though, the other person just doesn't have a face. It's no one he knows. He can't think of anyone he's tr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Touch Aversion
Slow Burn
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Chicago (City)
Service Dogs
Past Child Abuse
References to Illness
Phobias
Adorkable
Idiots in Love
Anxiety
Getting to Know Each Other
JFC Just Kiss Already
Touch-Starved
Platonic Cuddling
Cuddling & Snuggling
Sleepy Cuddles
Oh No They're Hot
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Pillow & Blanket Forts
Swing Dancing
Food Porn
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Reference To Past Injury
Slow Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Friends to Lovers
Baking
Stress Baking
Recipes
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

