Chapter 1





Chapter Text

'Ah, Love! Could thou and I with Fate conspire

To grasp this sorry Scheme of Things entire,

Would not we shatter it to bits – and then

Re-mould it nearer to the Heart's Desire.”

      -Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam, LXXIII
  It wasn't like Angie intended to come to England just to be bossed around or ignored. That was just how it all played out. Things happened.Ok, so maybe she had put herself into this situation, but it had only been with the best of intentions. She'd marched straight up to the local recruiting officer for the Air Force back in New York, and demanded to be allowed to serve as a mechanic. He'd laughed for minutes, doubled over and crinkling his starched uniform, during which time she'd scribbled a quick diagram on a napkin. It was a crude drawing, but it did the job: a P-51D Mustang but with an added little fillet to the vertical stabiliser. Then she'd shoved the napkin into his face and told him he should also consider her idea for a simple locking mechanism for the loading gear.He'd stopped laughing quick-like after that, then spent the next few minutes squinting at her, and at the napkin, and back at her again. Then he'd snatched the references from her hands. Aiming a glare at her over the papers, he'd snapped, “Don't make me regret this.” and she'd been on her way.Goodbye, Manhattan. Hello, England.That was 1943. Now it was 1944. Pretty late in the grand scheme of things, but what's a poor girl from Brooklyn to do? Her best, that's what. And this was certainly not her best.Currently she was elbows deep in a battered Hawker Typhoon. This one still had a modified balance weight assembly from the previous year, and she wanted to rip the damn useless thing apart, and fix it with a redesigned assembly. Not to mention that god-awful tail – who designed these garbage cans anyway?Grumbling to herself, smeared head to toe with grease across her baggy, male, standard issue overalls, Angie ignored any looks she got from neighbouring mechanics. The others were all men – strange, she thought. She'd heard the WAAF had a decent amount of lady engineers, but apparently they'd all been deployed elsewhere. Not that she could blame them. Who'd want to be stared at by the local scrubs like she was a zoo attraction?But if her male co-workers muttered about her oddities, they still couldn't deny that Angela Martinelli had a gift.Angie was as much of a grease monkey as they came. She could take apart anything mechanical and put it back together again before you could say 'fuselage.' Back home her father ran a successful chain of garages throughout the greater Manhattan area, and Angie – the only one of his six daughters who found the business remotely interesting – learned at his knee. Even now at the ripe old age of twenty four she knew more than most of the senior mechanics working at the aerodrome. Planes weren't her speciality – not like cars were – but stick an engine under her nose and she could learn every piece in an afternoon. By touch, look, name, function, whatever you fancy.And if she also gave all the planes cute nicknames the boys scoffed at, well...a girl has her priorities in life after all.All that talent, and they had her tinkering with banged up, outdated Typhoons.Less than a year, and she was already starting to regret her decisions in life. Oh, boy. Wouldn't Ma be full of 'I told you so's' and rapid-tongued Italian life advise that involved more meat on her bones and men in her life. Probably men on her bones too. Who knows. Swearing softly under her breath, Angie shifted her weight, the step ladder creaking beneath her feet. Even three thousand miles away from home and she still swore quietly as though afraid of being caught.Something moved out of the corner of her eye. With a puzzled frown Angie glanced over, then did a double take.She knew there were other women on the site, but they typically haunted the Comms building – telephone operators, secretaries, stuff like that. Nice looking gals, too. Always with their best nylon stockings and pressed skirts. Their pretty painted nails probably never saw a smidgen of grease in their whole lives, and Angie kind of envied them in a way. Being glamorous and turning heads, that was never her shtick. But a girl can dream, right?This lady, though – well, Angie just blinked dumbly, still elbows deep in a partially dismembered engine, ill-fitted sleeves rolled up and hanging slackly. This lady looked like she'd stepped from one of those recruitment posters, dark hair coiffed to exact regulation standards, white collar gleaming against the lapels of her suit, sharpened with enough starch to cut. How on earth she moved so quietly across the polished cement floor in those heels was beyond Angie. Honest to god witchcraft. And on top of it all she was an officer, not just some dancing girl for that Captain America show they used to circulate before the Cap, well – died. Her rank was ill-defined but the brass gleamed at her pad
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Peggy Carter & Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
Plot? In MY fic? It's more common than you think
Angie is a mechanic and Peggy is a massive grump
Fluffy AU nonsense

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Peggy Carter & Angie Martinelli

