Chapter 1: This Seems Sketchy
    




Chapter Text
The table of Alphas was still laughing when Tony ducked into the kitchen, the noise carrying over the cash register counter and ringing loud obnoxious over the clamor of the stove and dishwasher. “What the hell is that about?” Clint was filling in for the cook today, and he flipped a row of burgers on the flattop before checking on his friend. “I’ve heard all your jokes and none of them are good enough to make a table laugh that hard, what happened?” “I didn’t tell a joke.” Tony yanked his apron off and used the one clean corner to scrub at his face before tossing it into the laundry and retrieving a fresh one. “Trust me, there was nothing funny about that interaction at all.” Clint peered a little closer at the other Omega, clocking the barely hidden tears in Tony’s dark eyes and the stress clouding up his usual sweet scent. “Hey hey hey, what the hell happened?” This time the question wasn’t half as good natured, and Clint put the spatula away so he could grab at Tony’s wrist and pull him in close, looking the waiter over carefully to make sure one of the patrons hadn’t tried to get handsy. “Tony? What happened?” “It’s not anything.” Tony tied the new apron almost viciously around his waist, knotting the bow with an irritated jerk. “Just some asshole Alphas who think they can say whatever they want because I’m apparently desperate for a good tip.” Clint waited for the rest of the story and finally Tony bared his fangs and snarled, “They tossed a twenty dollar bill on the ground and told me to bend over and pick it up. Promised another twenty if I bent over nice and slow and spent a few minutes pretending the floor was interesting. They basically told me to bend over and present and I’d get forty dollars out of it!” “The fuck--?!” “Yeah, it was real fun.” Tony smoothed down his apron and tried for a steady breath, in and out and telling himself to calm down because damn it, he could really use a forty dollar tip. He wasn’t going to present for it, but he could smile and force himself to laugh about the entirely crude not-quite-a-joke and maybe the table would still tip well. “And since I have to take their dessert out, I can’t take a scream break in the freezer. I just need a minute to calm down,  put my smile back on and I’ll be fine.” “Oh the hell you are.” Clint was big for an Omega, well over six feet tall and strong enough to throw most Alphas right out on their ass. Tony’s fangs were delicate like cut porcelain but Clint’s were long enough to be seriously threatening and they glinted frightening when he grinned. “You stay in here, eat one of those burgers I definitely screwed up, and I’ll take care of your table. Teach them to suggest that sort of shit for a tip.” “You haven’t screwed up one of the burgers.” Tony pointed out tiredly. “You actually did a really good job filling every single one of my orders, I can tell from over here.” “Oh? Have I really?” Clint grabbed the bottle of barbecue sauce Tony preferred and dumped it on one of the patties still sizzling on the flat top. “There, look, ruined. Damn shame. Sit down and eat, you’re starting to lose your ass and no one wants that to happen.” “I can handle the table, Clint.” Tony said softly, but gratitude made his voice wobbly, and Clint just snorted,. “Yeah you can, but you shouldn’t have to and I haven’t forked somebody in a while so let me have my fun.” The blond grabbed one of the bayonet forks they used for turning steaks and waggled his eyebrows, blue eyes sparkling in anticipation “Eat your burger, babe. I’ll bring you back your tip money.” Tony waited until the kitchen door swung shut again before he collapsed, but yeah the second Clint disappeared out into the dining room armed with the bayonet fork, the ordered desserts and a smile that was practically a sneer, the little brunette pulled a five gallon bucket of rice over and collapsed right onto the lid, dropping his face into his hands and trying not to scream in frustration. He hated this job. He hated the crappy shifts and the low pay and the unsafe location that brought all manner of unsafe clients to the twenty four hour diner. He hated that as an unmated Omega he wasn’t considered valid for any job other than waitressing or housekeeping and he hated that he couldn’t afford the bus or subway fare to a nicer workplace so he had to work here. And beyond all that-- Tony hated that three years ago he’d been a trust fund kid on his way to college and now he was a single parent trying to raise a toddler and pay bills on a shitty apartment while dealing with clients offering him twenty dollar bills if he let them ogle his ass. 
How is this my reality?
“I told you to eat, Omega.” The kitchen door swished again as Clint reappeared, and Tony dragged himself out of rapidly spiraling thoughts to try and smile at his friend. “You’re nothing but skin and bones. Here’s your money, put it in your pocket so it doesn’t get lost. The rats around here
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Stony - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Sugar Daddy
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Kid Peter
single dad tony
Sugar Daddy Steve
Sugar baby tony
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Matt Fraction-inspired Clint Barton
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Poor Tony Stark
awkward first meetings
Flirting
Strangers to Friends to Lovers
Minor Angst
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Spoiled Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Aunt Peggy Carter
Fluff and Humor
Sweet/Hot
Slow Romance
First Sex then the Feelings
Developing Relationship
Relationship Negotiations
Falling In Love
Moving In Together
Love Confessions
Happily Ever After

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

