Work Text:
A scream tore through the air.Hiro and Tadashi eyed one another before silently agreeing to investigate the source of the distress. They ran from the small bridge they had been standing on, previously admiring the view of Hiro’s new college campus, and towards the origin of the verbal tribulation. The Hamada brothers rounded the corner of a bush hedge and were stunned to see the building they had just exited but minutes ago alight with flames. Fire, bright and cacophonous, danced cruelly from the interior to the outside corners of the exposition hall. Thick, black, heavy smoke bellowed from the opened windows on the top floor, encasing the roof of the building with a blanket of ominous shadow. A brunette, middle-aged woman stumbled from the hall and towards the pair. She nearly collapsed in front of Tadashi, and if it were not for his quick catch, she would have fallen to her knees. The older brother asked the woman if she was alright, to which she responded that while she was fine, Professor Callaghan, their mentor, was still trapped inside. Hiro ran on impulse. He took hold of Tadashi’s arm before he could run into the burning SFIT expo building, as the younger sibling knew his elder would want to do. Just as the word “no” was about to roll off his tongue and grace his lips, he felt it: the quickening. He gasped before letting go of Tadashi’s green blazer sleeve as though the material had burned him. Hiro looked into Tadashi’s dark eyes; they were hooded but very obviously dilated, the rich chocolate-brown of his irises having almost been swallowed whole by the black holes of his pupils. Shock pulled at the corners of Tadashi’s parted lips, but the rest of him was strained by a certain tension that the younger Hamada found frightening. Could he - did he smell him? Before either of them could react to the spark that electrified their cores, the burning heat of a backdraft hit them with the force of an exploding bomb. ---Hiro’s awareness came back in waves. One moment, Tadashi’s panicked voice (“Hiro! Hiro! Are you okay? Come on buddy, talk to me!”)  was too sharp and clear in his ear, and the next his vision swam, and he fell back into a warm, comfortable darkness. After several intervals of the same pattern, he found himself awakening in the comfort of his older brother’s trembling arms. “There you are!” Tadashi cried out wetly above him. “Oh, man, you really had me worried there for a sec.” Hiro moved weakly against the grooves pressed into his lower back. He quickly realized that he was draped over Tadashi’s thighs and bent knees, presumably moved there from where he had fallen back. The boy grinned. “Don’t you know you’re not supposed to move someone with a head injury, numbskull.”   Tadashi barked, though the sound dissolved into something that could only be described as a choked chuckle. “Are you kidding? Nothing can penetrate that thick skull of yours.” The bubble of a giggle, begotten at the back of his throat, was aborted by the sudden wafting smell of alpha hitting his nose with the force of a punch. It was a powerful, musky scent, like pine trees and tea tree oil. It was intoxicating and just so Tadashi.  Hiro felt a warm, wet wave of want - no, need - pool in his belly. It spilled from him, embarrassingly soaking through his shorts and staining Tadashi’s jeans where his bottom rested atop of them.  Hiro scrambled to get away from his brother as he cried out shamed apologies. He didn't understand! He wasn't even supposed to have the ability to smell his brother, as the biological defense mechanism against producing children with chromosomal defects should have prevented him from doing so. Yet, just before he passed out he felt it, the famed spark that could only be recognized when first touching one’s most sexually compatible partner (though the romantic within himself chirped the word “soulmate” far too happily). Hiro bemoaned the cruelty of nature as he saw the lines of bemusement etch themselves over his brother's brow. Tadashi reached a hand out haltingly towards his brother. "Hey," he said soothingly, as though he were speaking to a spooked animal. "We'll figure this out together, okay?" Hiro nodded. ___Tadashi gently eased Hiro into Aunt Cass' truck after him. The young lad didn't have the energy to be too insulted by his brother's treatment. Normally, he hated being handled like a porcelain doll, as his brother was usually wont to do, but never had he felt more fragile than in that moment. Was this the birth of a newly submissive nature? The thought frightened him. Just as Hiro closed the passenger side door with a soft thud, his elder brother explained to their Aunt that he had presented just after the fire broke out (“Yeah, we’re fine! But, Hiro, um, well…”) and would need "omega hygiene products" bought for him as soon as possible. Aunt Cass cooed her congratulations of his being ushered into adulthood before driving off to the nearest corner store. The ride seemed so long. D
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

freeform: 
Smut
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Possessive Behavior
alpha!Tadashi
omega!Hiro
slightly creeper!Tadashi
Gift Fic

fandom: 
Hiro Hamada/Tadashi Hamada

