Chapter 1: The Beach Find
    




Chapter Text
     Tick
     Tick

     Tick
     Time felt like it was moving far too slowly, most of the children in the small classroom anxiously watching the noisy clock, waiting for the minute hand to signify that it was time to go. Just twenty more minutes of the pre-quirk era lesson.     Tick
     Tick

     Tick
     "And so when these mutant abilities were starting to be formed, long before we recognized them as quirks, the Avengers stepped in. They didn't run straight into fighting just because of abilities forming. In fact, the original six actually had not only a man that turned big, strong, and green-"     "The Hulk." A kid chimes in as they interrupt the teacher.    "-but they also had a man from around the time of World War two, who was injected with this syrum that made him stronger, faster, more adapted to battle. Can anyone tell me the last peculiar person of that group?"    Izuku Midoriya's small, seven year old hand shot into the air, excitedly bouncing in his seat as he waited to be picked on to give the answer. His wild green curls bounced with him, bright green eyes wide with excitement, bunching together some of the freckles around the corners of his eyes from the wide, happy smile that spread to his cheeks.      However, he wasn't the only person who knew this, not the only person who had been interested in the Avengers since they were younger than they already were. Not to mention the teacher wasn't always keen on picking him to answer a question since he was quirkless, that was, unless they knew he didn't know the answer. So someone else was picked, and Izuku once more fully sat in his seat, still buzzing with excitement for their lesson though. The school year had only just barely started, but he was already the most excited seven year old in the building simply because of this history class, and he didn't care whether or not he got picked to answer.     There was a soft kick on the back of Izuku's desk, and the head of green curls quickly turned around, looking to see what the classmate behind him wanted.      "Bakugo said to stop over reacting like that since you're only going to embarrass yourself." The girl says before laying her head on top of her desk once more. Izuku shot the blonde in the back of the room a sheepish grin before turning back to learn about his new favorite lesson.      Izuku Midoriya, a boy who was proclaimed quirkless two years ago after he and his mother waited for a long year, anticipating the arrival of the boy's quirk. Everyone else around Izuku were developing cool abilities, showing them off to the teachers, and being led off towards the end of the day for quirk counseling by their parents. Izuku always wanted to get to join them, analyze his own quirk instead of everyone else's.     But everyone else is what he had to settle with, writing them down in his notebook ever since the day he was told that he shouldn't ever be able to develop a quirk with the extra pinkie toe joint. His mother had sobbed as she pulled him close, apologizing and pouring her heart into the tight hug she had him in, tried to tell him everything would be alright, but never encouraging him that he could still be a hero himself.     She did spend more time with him though, especially when she noticed Izuku stopped talking about friends at the dinner table, and his joy and laughter seemed much more tamed down. The poor woman just wanted to make sure her son could be happy, that he could still enjoy life despite how hard or impossible it would be to become a hero, make sure he could still enjoy life. Izuku noticed these efforts, and decided to always try and find joy in the tiny things, just for her.    Some days, after school, Inko would lead Izuku off to the beach, where they would already have thick gloves on, and garbage bags in hand, picking up garbage for the next half hour to hour, and then throwing the garbage away, where it should be. Inko would always tell Izuku that he was being a little hero, saving the poor animals that could get caught in some of the trash, and helping their beach look pretty again so that people could return once more, and be happy themselves. Today was yet another day where they would be able to do that.    The bell rang throughout the room, shrill and a pain for one's ears, but also an exciting thing that left all kids hopping out of their seats, and running towards the exit, either running home on their own or to their waiting parents. Inko waited outside, a backpack already slung over her shoulders, wearing her clothes that she usually wore in the heat.     Inko Midoriya was a mother who constantly worried, always wanted to do what was best for Izuku, always having to make those decisions on her own. She was still married, but Hisashi hadn't exactly been around lately, sent on a long trip to America for his business that he worked with. But she could manage as an only parent, make things work for her little Izuk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
dead wanda maximoff
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
BAMF Midoriya Izuku
but he gets to be really bamf later in the fic
Scarlet Witch Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku Does Not Have One for All Quirk
Quirkless Midoriya Izuku
but he thinks he has a quirk
all because of the magic
Worried Midoriya Inko
Worried Wanda Maximoff
Worried Vision (Marvel)
more tags will be added in all honesty so I don't spoil too much as we go
and most of this is on the spot writing
Midoriya Izuku Needs A Hug
but later on
Midoriya Izuku Gets A Hug
Bakugou Katsuki Swears A Lot
Bakugou Katsuki Isn't As Much Of An Ass
but he's still an ass
Billy and Tommy Are Still Kids
Infinity Stones
Bakugou Katsuki & Midoriya Izuku Friendship
Katsuki Bakugou Rubbing Off On Midoriya Izuku
Quirk Training (My Hero Academia)
Aldera Middle School (My Hero Academia)
Aldera Middle School Bashing (My Hero Academia)
Yaoyorozu Momo is a Good Friend
Yaoyorozu Momo is the Sorcerer Supreme
Quirkless Yaoyorozu Momo
Secrets
Class Representative Yaoyorozu Momo
Class Vice Representative Midoriya Izuku

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

