Chapter 1: Awake and Unafraid, Asleep or Dead
    




Chapter Text
Tony groaned and flipped over, wiggling until he was on the cool side of his bed. He had been feeling off all day, and he couldn't put a better word to it than that. It wasn't one of his shaman gifts — he'd mastered them all the best he could within a few months of him onlining as a shaman. He hadn't had trouble with any of them in months, now, and even when he did, they didn't cause this kind of mental itch.With a huff, Tony looked at his bedside alarm clock. 0243 in the morning. If it wasn't so late, he'd be tempted to play his piano for a little bit. He often found playing soothing, but Tony always tried to keep his playing restricted to respectable daylight hours. For a moment, Tony eyed his phone where it sat charging.Part of him was tempted to call Blair — and with the time difference it would be before midnight for the Prime — but Tony had no idea what he would tell him. "Hello, Blair, my mind itches. Care to fly out to DC and give me the shaman equivalent of cortisone cream?" Tony snorted. That would go over well.Of course, Blair was the kind of person who never made you feel like you were imposing — he'd probably be glad to hear from Tony, and more than willing to listen to him explain what was bothering him. But Tony was too used to handling things himself. Even if Blair wouldn't see him as a bother, Tony would feel like one.Suddenly, Tony felt a pressure building in his mind. Instead of the previous itching, now he felt like he had taken a bad turn into turbulence on a COD flight and he was desperately trying to get his eardrums to pop, except a hundred times worse. Agonized, Tony curled into a ball, pressing his hands against his temples desperately.Without warning, the pressure popped, and Tony felt a moment of overwhelming emotional noise, before everything went dark.

o
Tony woke briefly, as he felt his body moving. "Wha-?" he mumbled. He had a dim memory of being in pain, but everything was fuzzy and muted now."Don't worry, sir, we're taking you to the Center," an unfamiliar voice said. It took Tony a moment to realize they were talking to him."My phone," he said muzzily. If they were taking him somewhere, he needed to call Gibbs and let him know."Don't worry; you won't need it, sir," the stranger soothed him. "We'll take care of everything."They were saying the right words, but it bothered Tony. How would they know what to say to Gibbs? Tony's badge was by the door, but… "My gun…" It was in the safe, but on second thought, Tony wasn't sure he wanted these people to have his gun. He still wasn't sure who they were."You don't have to worry about anyone with a gun anymore," the person said, making Tony wonder why they thought someone else was there. Was someone else there? "We're here to take care of you," they said.Tony wanted to protest, to explain, to somehow reach Gibbs, but the voice spoke again. "He needs a higher dose — he's still in distress." Before Tony could protest that he wasn't in distress, — but would be if they didn't let him call Gibbs — a warm, drugged feeling swamped him, and he faded into darkness again.

o
The next time Tony woke, the first thing he noticed was the heavy, drugged feeling in his veins. The room around him looked vaguely medical, as the IV running into his arm could attest, but it didn't quite click as a standard hospital room. Tony couldn't put his finger on what exactly was different, but something was sending his senses — his standard police ones, not his shaman ones — into overdrive.His brain fog eventually cleared a little, and the night before began to come back to him in bits and pieces. A little judicious wiggling told him that he wasn't wearing anything beneath the hospital gown, and he didn't see his phone or wallet on the bedside table. Finally it registered that the bed was a normal one, not a hospital one, and Tony realized that it had been one of the clues niggling at him that didn't fit.Tony didn't think he'd been kidnapped exactly — kidnappers usually had a lot less care for the comfort of their victims, and the sheets and hospital gown were high thread count. He couldn't figure out why else someone would have taken him from his apartment and drugged him, however, though Tony was fairly certain that he could have put the clues together a little better if the drugs weren't slowing him down.In the middle of this assessment, the door to his room opened, and an unfamiliar man entered. "Oh good, you're awake," he said. Tony didn't recognize his voice, but he caught just a flash of aura from him — the drugs were suppressing his shamanistic talents, it seemed. It was enough to mark the man as a guide, at least."Is this the S&G Center?" Tony asked, hating how sluggishly his brain was putting the pieces together."Of course," the guide said cheerfully. "You were in quite a state, you know. But we've gotten you settled down nicely.""Did you bring my phone?" Tony asked. He needed to call 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Anthony DiNozzo/Steve Rogers
Penelope Garcia/Derek Morgan
Jim Ellison/Blair Sandburg
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Original Male Character/Original Male Character
Original Female Character/Original Male Character
Original Female Character/Original Female Character
Anthony DiNozzo & Jethro Gibbs
Anthony DiNozzo & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Sentinel/Guide
Sentinel/Guide Bonding
BAMF Tony DiNozzo
Guide Anthony DiNozzo
Shaman Tony DiNozzo
Guide Powers
Shaman Blair Sandburg
Kidnapping
Manipulative Nick Fury
Nick Fury Lies
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony DiNozzo Has Issues
Senior's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
POV Multiple
Hurt/Comfort
Past Child Abuse
Press and Tabloids
Press Conferences
Spirit Animals
Banter
Explicit Sexual Content
Massage
Bathing/Washing
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The First Avenger
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Avengers (2012)
Movie Reference
Team as Family
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Coming Online as Sentinel/Guide
Identity Reveal
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Anthony DiNozzo/Steve Rogers
Penelope Garcia/Derek Morgan
Jim Ellison/Blair Sandburg
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Original Male Character/Original Male Character
Original Female Character/Original Male Character
Original Female Character/Original Female Character
Anthony DiNozzo & Jethro Gibbs
Anthony DiNozzo & Tony Stark

