Work Text:
It was right there, taunting him, tempting him into picking it up if only for the convenience of the location.

Bucky had watched Sam open his phone a billion times. He could have swiped in the right direction of the security code with his eyes closed and the phone behind his back. His own phone was so far away. He’d have to make an effort to get it and there were at least twenty steps from Sam’s bathroom to the front hallway where Bucky’s jacket was, and for some reason Sam kept his phone charger next to his electric razor charger.

Convenient. Location.

It wasn’t like Bucky was going to use Sam’s phone for nefarious means. He just needed to text Natasha for a second opinion. He’d felt confident when he left his apartment less than an hour ago, but Sam’s bathroom mirror was showing a slightly varied reflection than his own, maybe because the counter was shorter or the mirror was taller, or the lights were harsher, or something. Whatever it was, Bucky was looking at himself in it and frowning.

Nat would know if these jeans were too One Direction for him to pull off.

Nay, they might be worse than One Direction. They might be Jonas Brothers circa two thousand and whatever the fuck year the Jonas Brothers were big in.

Bucky squinted and stared at his thighs. God, maybe he should skip thigh day at the gym sometimes. He wasn’t used to actually being able to see anything bulging in that general area, unless is was up a few inches and a bit more centralized. Skinny jeans always looked fantastic on him.

Maybe he should have stuck to black instead of trying different colours.

Especially bright red.

Bright red. What was he thinking?? He was a side-seam away from appearing like some kind of superhero in tights.

Nat didn’t answer his text. More specifically, Nat ignored the text from Sam that was actually from him, which either meant she had nothing good to say about the pants and wanted him to wear them anyway, or she wasn’t close to her phone.

Bucky panicked slightly and looked at Sam’s most recent text list.

The person beneath Nat on Sam’s friend list was Steve. Bucky had never met Steve, though he’d heard about him a few times, and he thought that Sam might have a reason to keep his friend groups separate – like maybe when he needed to catch a quiet moment, he’d have Steve.

Bucky would resent that if he wasn’t halfway through attaching a selfie to the end of the string of messages between Sam and this Steve person. That wasn’t exactly making his case as a responsible individual.

Steve. Steve.

The name alone was enough to make Bucky assume that he was a member of Sam’s grown up friend group. With a name like Steve he was probably born a responsible adult. The kind of person with 401Ks and mortgages, and no problems paying both. Bucky couldn’t even afford to make minimum payments on his credit card this month, especially not after treating himself to the jeans he was currently obsessing over. They’d seemed like such a great idea in the store.

Steve was probably the kind of person who wouldn’t grab his friend’s phone and start texting strangers to find out if a pair of jeans made his thigh muscles look like ham hocks.

Well, Bucky loved nothing more than horrifying uptight people.

Hey friend of Sam’s can I get an opinion on this outfit? Bucky texted, attaching the selfie taken in Sam’s bathroom mirror.

He received an answer almost immediately. Bucky was almost expecting a lecture, or at least a concerned question about who had stolen Sam’s phone.

He got neither.

New text from Steve:
What do you want it to say?

Well then. Bucky immediately reassessed this Steve person. If he was willing to play along with Bucky, then Bucky was going to use that to get what he wanted.

I’m young enough to wear these pants but old enough to know how to blow your mind at sex. General ‘your’. Not you specifically.

The answering selfie was of a guy giving him a thumbs up. Bucky hadn’t known that selfies could be that sarcastic without there being a single word attached to the message. It was kind of impressive, so impressive that the second thing Bucky realized was that the man was really attractive. Like, really cataclysmically attractive.

Aww hell Steve you sure know how to reassure a guy, Bucky texted back.

I’d do you, Steve answered, but now that Bucky had seen the expression on Steve’s face, he read the text in an equally deadpanned and unimpressed tone.

“Fuck it,” he said to his reflection in the mirror. “If you can pull off leather, you can pull off red skinnies,” he said sternly. “You are not a Jonas Brother. You are a hot and young and adventurous enough to try new things.” He hesitated. “You do not have a promise ring.”

“Are you talking to yourself in there?” Sam asked, rapping on the door with his knuckles. “I’m ready to go. Can you grab my phone, Mr. Hot, Young and Adventurous? Whenever you’re done staring at yourself, that is.”

Bucky rolled his eyes and watched his reflection look equally as u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
texting a stranger
Sexting
Flirting
Bucky sends Steve a dick pic
Sam is long-suffering but brings it on himself
twenty-somethings in love
Romantic Comedy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

