Chapter 1: Betrayal
    




Chapter Text
Three days. It had taken three days before Erik consumed by anger, rage, and taking control of Shaw's entanglements finally let himself think of Charles, and as he did so guilt and pain surged through him as he considered his rash actions on the beach. I shouldn't have left him, he realises bitterly, mind drawn to comparisons between the two telepaths as he regards Emma Frost from across the bars of her makeshift prison. She reads the pain in his face, fully aware of who she is replacing, "Ahh, yes your little telepath I remember," she is every inch a predator as she rises to her feet. "Tell me Erik, does it feel good knowing what you have done to your former ally?" It takes every ounce of self control he possesses not to step back at her insinuating words. Whether she could be trusted would remain to be seen, but he could not afford to show weakness in front of her, no matter how much she goaded him. "What do you mean?" Raven demands quietly, "Can you reach my brother?" For a long moment Emma's eyes fix on Erik's before she turns to regard the shape shifter, and then a lazy smile shifts across her face. "You don't know," her grin widens, and Erik barely refrains from wrapping any one of the numerous metal fragments in the room round her thin neck. It would be so easy. "Know what?" He demands. "Oh, Erik if this is what you do to your friends perhaps we should be enemies." She gasps as he slams her against the wall of the room. "Tell me what you have seen." Spiteful joy flares in her eyes, before she gave a loud theatrical sigh, "Oh well don't shoot the messenger." She addresses Raven, "Your brother is paralysed from the waist down from a bullet wound…" She pauses, her eyes faintly glassy, a look he had seen on Charles's face often enough to know she is partly elsewhere. He releases her as though poisoned, hearing Raven's sharp pained gasp. "Yes if what I hear is right…I can't reach him directly, he appears to be in some sort of coma, perhaps a result of what he did to Shaw." Her voice takes on a musing tone. Erik starts at that, "What?" She blinks, coming back to herself, surprise in her tone, "Oh Erik, tell me you aren't that foolish? How did you think your telepath was keeping Shaw frozen in place, a pretty neat trick that let me tell you." She leans towards him, a gloating note in her voice, "Lets put it simply Charles was in Shaw's head when you killed him. He had to be or Shaw would have broken free and destroyed you he was that powerful. So every slow inch of that coin in your pocket every ounce of pain you inflicted on Shaw, your telepath felt it too." She draws back thoughtfully. "It's a wonder the shock did not kill him, that he did not die with Shaw, he had to have been holding him pretty tight." She shrugs as though nothing consequential has been revealed, "So, you basically gave him a choice when you put on that helmet. To let you die, or jointly commit murder. I'm guessing that neither of those choices bore well on him."  Erik catches Raven's arm as she flies at Emma, her overwhelming anguish evident even as her form flickers. "You - you're enjoying this!" He drawa her back, "Raven enough," holding her close, he observes the tears in her eyes. "I should never have left him," She sobs. Erik clamps down fiercely on his own churning emotions, they would not work here, and were a weakness that she was reminding him of.  He regards the smug victory in the diamond telepath's eyes, before speaking in a cold tone. "If you accompany us, you will follow my rules. Break them and I will not hesitate to kill you." The smile falls from her face as she feels the tightening metal around her throat once more. "Your diamond form is breakable, don't forget it," he threatens waiting till she lowers her eyes until commanding Azazel's attention. They left nothing behind them but a flash of red smoke.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Mpreg
Fix-It

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

