Work Text:
“Bucky kissed me this morning,” Steve says, not quite believing the words even as they’re coming out of his mouth.
“Wait,” Sam replies. “Back up.”
----
Steve supposes, if he’s completely honest with himself, that he started it. He’d been brewing coffee, standing by the counter in the kitchen, and Bucky had shuffled in, already dressed but not completely awake, taken one look at him, and said flatly, “What’s wrong.”
It hadn’t sounded like a question, even though Steve knew he should answer.
But he just shrugs, because he doesn’t know how to put it into words. 
They’re in the Tower, because they spend at least one night a week in the Tower. Partly it’s to please Tony, and partly it’s because Bucky prefers to get his therapy sessions over with early in the morning, and it’s easier just to stay there, rather than try to make the commute from the place they’re sharing in Brooklyn. Partly it’s because Steve tries to schedule whatever meetings he’s got this week, for Avengers business or with Pepper about any of the three different foundations that Stark started that he works with for the same days as Bucky’s therapy (there’s one that helps sick children, and another that assists homeless vets, and a third that works with matching therapy animals with veterans). It gives him an excuse to be at the Tower with him, an excuse to wake up in the next room that morning, and be on the couch when Bucky gets back, drained and pale, from the therapist.
He doesn’t always feel like he’s doing much good in the world, anymore, but this helps. Working with Stark’s foundations helps. Being there for Bucky when he gets back helps.
Sometimes it’s all too much, though.
Bucky crowds into his space, grumbling, mumbling something at him, something not in English; he still reverts sometimes to Russian, to Portuguese, to German and French and any number of languages that Steve doesn’t remember him knowing, and Steve doesn’t understand all of what he’s saying, but he can tell from the tone of voice and the crease between his eyes that Bucky’s calling him a dumb punk who never knows anything about anything.
So Steve crowds him right back, because it’s true. He is a dumb punk, and he doesn’t know how to ask for what he wants, what he needs, but he knows how to take it, and he knows Bucky will let him, will give it to him no questions asked. So he crowds Bucky across the kitchen, to the counter. Bucky stops when his back hits it, but Steve just pushes, scowling, gestures at him, not quite looking him in the eye, and finally Bucky gets the hint, levers himself up. Up onto the counter, and Steve steps between his legs and tucks his head under Bucky’s chin and sags into him.
Bucky wraps his arms around Steve, flesh and metal, around his head and shoulders, keeping him close, and presses his lips against the top of his head, still murmuring, though it’s in English now.
“I’ve got you, Stevie,” he’s saying. “I’ve got you, I’m right here.”
Steve wraps his arms around Bucky’s waist, clinging to him, and sighs.  He lets Bucky’s arms around him reassure him, make him feel small and safe again, just a for few minutes, and that’s what he needs. He doesn’t know why, and he doesn’t know where it came from, but he lets himself be soothed nonetheless.
Bucky doesn’t question it, just rests his chin on top of Steve’s head after a few moments, the way he used to, when Steve was sick, or in those rare moments when Steve would let himself be comforted. He doesn’t say any more, he just holds onto Steve the way Steve wants, needs. 
Neither of them speaks for a long time, but eventually Steve pulls back, and Bucky lets him. Steve looks up at Bucky. He’s smiling down at Steve, gentle, an expression on his face that Steve doesn’t think he’s ever seen, at least not directed at him. He blinks up at Bucky, and Bucky puts his hands on Steve, on his neck and his cheek.
And then Bucky’s kissing him, soft and slow and almost agonizingly tender. Steve falls into it headfirst, into the sweetness of it, the checked passion he can feel behind it, the underlying desperation that pulls a soft moan from deep within his chest.
Bucky kisses him, and kisses him, and Steve is helpless to do anything other than hold on and kiss him back, and then it’s over. Bucky nips his lower lip as he pulls away, and watches as Steve tries to regain his equilibrium under the onslaught, gently pushes him a few steps back, and hops off the counter. 
Bucky smirks while Steve blinks at him, still incapable of higher brain function. He reaches up and pats Steve gently on the cheek, maybe runs his thumb briefly across Steve’s bottom lip.
“I’ve got a long one today, Stevie. See you later, alright?”
Steve nods, or at least he thinks he does, and then Bucky’s gone.
----
“Captain Rogers, I must insist that you respond,” JARVIS is saying, Steve has no idea how much later, “otherwise I will be forced to notify Sir and whomever else is currently in the Tower that you require--”
“I’m okay, I’m okay,” St
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
First Kiss
steve is oblivious
Idiots in Love
bucky is exasperated

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

