Work Text:
One of the things that made Clint Barton a top agent, first with the IMF, then with SHIELD, was that he never disobeyed orders. He questioned them, of course: often obnoxiously and repeatedly. But even after the fuckup with Julia Hunt, Clint never disobeyed a direct order.Of course, when his handler, Agent Coulson, told him that his next mission (should he choose to accept it, his brain always filled in, though in SHIELD there was never any choice involved) was to “soften up” billionaire Tony Stark in order to make him more amenable to the Avengers Initiative, Clint wasn’t even sure what he should be questioning.“Just to get this straight,” he said to Coulson. “When you say ‘soften up,’ what exactly do you mean?”“Director Fury wants Stark willing to participate in the Avengers Initiative. Use whatever means you deem necessary.” Coulson leaned across his desk to hand Clint a file folder full of relevant information on Stark and then leaned back, looked at his computer screen, but Clint wasn’t finished.“Because I’ve always read the phrase ‘soften up’ to mean one of two things.”“What are those two things, Agent Barton?” Coulson asked when it was clear Clint wasn’t going to continue. His shirt was white, which was somewhat unusual for Coulson, who for a senior SHIELD agent had a surprising sartorial sense. His tie, however, was matte black with iridescent stripes that shimmered like oil spots every time he shifted position. Clint hadn’t seen this one before; it must be new. It suited Coulson.“One is to beat into a pulp. Which I’m assuming Director Fury doesn’t want.” Another pause.“Go on.” Clint was pretty sure Coulson was close to narrowing his eyes in frustration. Clint had seen him do it once, and it had been pretty terrifying for the junior agent at the receiving end of the glare. Clint was excited for the possibility; he spent way too much time thinking about ways to draw reactions out of the implacable Agent Coulson.“The other is to seduce.”“By any means necessary,” Coulson repeated evenly, turning back to his computer screen. “Now get out of my office, Barton.”* * *SHIELD got Clint a job in Stark Industries’ legal department. Coulson insisted that Clint needed to be established firmly enough in the department that higher-ups would trust him to handle bringing important paperwork to Stark. Clint bribed three people to make it happen sooner rather than later.Which was how Clint found himself in a dark, expensive suit in front of Stark’s mansion, carrying an extraordinarily fancy leather folder with the paperwork required for the transfer of the CEO position, speaking to a disembodied voice.“Uh, yeah, I’m here from legal? William Brandt. I need signatures from Mr. Stark and Ms. Potts. About the CEO thing.” Coulson had informed him that the entire mansion was run by AI, and Clint hoped that the AI wasn’t sophisticated enough to catch onto how unlawyerlike he sounded.“Ah, yes, Mr. Brandt. Please come in,” the cultured British voice responded, which Clint had to remind himself was not human. “Mr. Stark and Ms. Potts are in the gymnasium. Please follow the lights.” Lights in a hallway off of the foyer (which was the size of Clint’s living room and then some) flicked on, and Clint followed the hall to the classiest fucking training area he had ever seen. Stark was in the middle of a boxing ring sparring with a man Clint recognized from his briefing folder as “Happy” Hogan; Pepper Potts was walking toward Clint, a pleasant smile on her face.“Hi, Mr. …” she began. She extended her hand and he shook it, and she had the strong handshake he had expected of her.“Brandt.” Out of the corner of his peripheral vision, he noticed that Stark had stopped boxing and was looking at him. He smiled easily and opened up the folder. “This should be quick and painless.”Stark stepped out of the ring and squinted at Clint, giving him a slow once-over. Clint’s hearing was keener than most people’s, and even he barely heard Stark say, “I should hope it isn’t too quick.” Potts shot Stark a look.“You’re going to have to give me a fingerprint, Mr. Stark,” Clint said evenly. This mission was turning out to be easier than he’d thought it would be.“Unstrap me,” Stark said, holding a gloved hand out to Clint. The glove left his fingertips bare. Clint tried to keep his face expressionless as he peeled off the Velcro straps around Stark’s wrist; Stark didn’t take his eyes off of Clint. His gaze was more serious than Clint had expected, having read the file (full of words like “playboy” and “reckless”) and seen the video of the recent senate hearing. There was a sheen of sweat on his forehead; his hair stuck to his skin with it. Clint held onto the glove as Stark pulled his hand out of it and flexed his fingers a few times. His fingers were long and elegant, the knuckles marred with pale scars, some faint dark smudges around the fingertips. “Ever step in the ring?” Stark asked casually while signing.“Not in years,” Clint replied vaguel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Get Together
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

