Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
The first major event that revealed Mutants to the World was during the Cold War in the 1960s where a Mutant Extremist Group tried to start a Third World War to wipe out Mankind, but they were stopped by a group made of Mutants and Humans before total war had broken out. Due to this, a Weapons Developer named Bolivar Trask started a program to help defend humans from Mutants after discovering The Omega Level Variants. He classified the Omega Level as Mutants who had Godlike Powers and he reasoned that his Program was to help Police The Mutants and their literal Super Powers so Mankind would not face absolute Genocide from The Mutants who may abuse their powers. Despite this, some Humans wanted to use his program to just kill them due to their hatred for Mutants due the Extremist Groups of Mutant Kind. Although, after The Entire World seeing a Mutant save The President, Bolivar Trask, and the Entire White House from the Mutant Extremist Group. The Weapons Developer had a change of heart by the Heroic Mutants' Actions and shut down his program by the mid 1970s. Thanks to Bolivar Trask and a Mutant named Hank McCoy, the start for Civil rights for Mutant Kind among Humans started and flourished by the end of the 1980s. Yet by the mid 1990s, the Human Race realized that Mutant Population was increasing while their own was declining. This made the Human Race accept The Mutants as the Next Step of Human Evolution. By the end of 2012, Humans have fully become extinct leaving only Mutants as the main population on Earth.This was being told by a Mutant Woman named Laura Howlett and today's subject was on the History of how Mutant Kind have been allowed to thrive thanks to their heroic acts and kindness from an unlikely ally from the Humans. The Current Year was 2041 and within the class of various Mutants, one truly really stood out from the rest of the class. This was a young woman named Marcia Diaz-Shaw. Marcia's usually attire was a black dress shirt with matching dress pants and a belt with a long, thin buckle around her waist. Over this, she wears a dark red bomber jacket, its collar lined with thick white fur, and white lace-up sneakers, their soles tan-colored, with no socks on her feet. However due to her Mutant and the Dangers it has on people around her, she is forced to wear a containment suit that ensures the safety of others.  As of now, she was leaning back in her chair while droning off within her own thoughts as the Class continued on with one of the basic as well as commonly known pieces of Mutant History. "Marcia!" Shouted Laura as she glared at Marcia, "I recommend that you stop treating the chair as a recliner before you fall over." She requested sternly. Marcia was brought to reality as she readjusted herself in her chair. "Sorry Ms. Howlett…" She replied in a bored fashion as she looked at her assignment.'I wish that something more exciting would just happen… I really am tired of this mundane lifestyle..' She thought to herself as she worked on the paper. Yet, as if The Gods were listening in on her, the loudspeaker booted up with an agonizing screech that made everyone with the room flinch at the painful sound. Soon, a voice came through the speaker. "Marcia Diaz-Shaw, may you come to The Headmaster's Office."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pacifica Northwest & Dipper Pines
Mabel Pines/Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Original Character(s)
LGBTQ Themes
Crossover
Alternate Universe
Redeemed Toffee
Racism
Anti-Racism Themes
Superheroes
Comedic Moments
Darkened Tone
Wholesome relationships
Progressive Themes
Overcoming The Cycle of Hatred & Fear
Naruto Power Elements

fandom: 
Pacifica Northwest & Dipper Pines
Mabel Pines/Original Character(s)

