Chapter 1: Stolen
    




Chapter Text
It should have come as no surprise that it all began with Laufey-king, whose eyes were the sharpest and mind most astute of them all. The little invaders scrambled across the ice, chased to and fro by the defending soldiers. Though the Odinson put up a good fight, surely a retreat was imminent. Amongst this chaos of battle the king stood high on his vantage point and beckoned one of his legions closer to him with the curving of a finger. Of course they did not hesitate to answer his summons. “What is it, my king?” their leader asked, smooth and subservient. “Keep an eye on that one.” “Which one, my king?” he asked politely as he dared. For in truth, all Aesir looked alike to him. Puny strange things. Laufey gave a low rumble, reaching out to palm the other’s head and turn it so his eyes faced the way he wanted. “That one.” He indicated the thin one in the green and black coat. The guardsman nodded, and Laufey removed his hand. “Follow it. Don’t hurt it, but keep watch and see what it does.” They were very strange orders but it was hardly the place of a single soldier, or even an entire platoon, to question the will of the king. Together they bowed and then crept swiftly across the ice, trying to follow the Aesir without letting it know they were present. Jotnar were not built for stealth. One supposed it was comical, a dozen or so giant soldiers walking in a line, crouching low as they could with weapons still in hand, keeping their heads ducked. Despite their best efforts, the Aesir still spotted them. It tried to distract them with an illusion and then threw a flurry of knives at their heads. “Ow,” a soldier complained, pulling one of the little pig-stickers out of his eyeball. “We aren’t supposed to hurt him,” one of the others pointed out. “King’s orders.” “Little gnat has teeth,” their leader growled, annoyed. “He wants to bite, he can take it when he gets swatted in return. I’m sure he can take a bit of a thumping.” They rushed at the Aesir. It already had very pale skin, but somehow it blanched even more so at the sight of the many Frost Giants bearing down at it at once. It stood its ground admirably, really, but the first hard backhand to its chest sent it flying several feet, senseless. “I thought they could take a harder hit than that,” the one who had struck the blow remarked, surprised. The Aesir was on its side, face buried in the snow, moaning. A spot of red blood stained its lips. “King’s orders,” the same soldier from earlier repeated, more shrilly this time. One of his mates smacked him in the shoulder, annoyed, but they all couldn’t help exchanging worried looks, thinking about what would happen when Laufey found out. “Maybe he’s faking,” another suggested hopefully. Their leader grunted, reaching down to prop the Aesir up for a better look. “They bruise like fruit,” he groused, but then stopped with a noise of surprise as the darkening blue color spread past where his hand landed, across all of the Aesir’s skin. The entire warrior band stared in amazement. “By Ymir’s frozen breath!” came one astonished whisper. The now blue-skinned being’s lids fluttered as he came around, and when he opened them his eyes were scarlet. “What…?” His gaze drifted to the hand that held him, and then he appeared shocked into full consciousness as he got a look at his own limbs. “What is this?” He wrenched himself free, bringing his palms before his eyes to stare at them in disbelief and horror. “What have you done to me?” “He’s a changeling,” one of the soldiers realized, almost reverently. “By the Crag, that’s no Aesir – he’s one of us.” “What?” The changeling’s head shot up, alarmed. “No I’m not! You’re wrong!” “Laufey must’ve seen something,” the same soldier continued, ignoring him. “That’s why…” “You mean the Aesir kidnapped one of our own?” another warrior interrupted. He spat into the ice in disgust. “Bastards! Rip them all apart and be done with it.” “Stop that,” their leader instructed, irritated. “Now‘s not the time.” He bent down as best he could without actually taking a knee, so that he could meet the much smaller Jotun in the eye. “It’s all right now, little kindred,” he said kindly. “You’re safe.” The only response at first from the smaller giant was to stare at him. Slowly he tried moving away from them, backward, on his hands. “This…this is all wrong,” he began. “There must be some kind of mistake.” “Wonder why the king didn’t just tell us to rescue him and be done with it?” one of the soldiers asked the others, frowning.
“Rescue,” the boy on the ground stammered, appalled. “Oh no. No. You don’t understand. You mustn’t…my father…” He turned his head suddenly, calling out, “Thor-!” As soon as they realized he was yelling the Odinson’s name one of the band reached out, helpfully knocking him upside the head to return him to unconsciousness. It was clear to all of them having spent who knew how much time trapped in Asgard must’ve addled the youngling’s bra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Angrboða/Loki | Angerboda/Loki

freeform: 
Community: norsekink
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Angrboða/Loki | Angerboda/Loki

