Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Compared to his fellow Asgardians, Loki has always been a subtle creature, calculating and coy. While the average man in their society typically deals with lust by storming into the feasting hall after a battle, hot-blooded and boasting, flexing his muscles and roaring with laughter as he boisterously declares his intention to ride the first maid he can find until her back is broken…that is not Loki’s way. At such displays, he only rolls his eyes. Though if he is in a slyer mood he may begin loudly countering the talk with his own remarks; that he’s heard the speaking warrior, in truth, needs to go to Nidavellir for bearded women are the only ones that will willingly lay with him, that his manhood is not even half the size he is claiming, that he is so lackluster in bed that his own wife prefers kissing girls, and so on.
 
The less observant mutter that Loki must be coldblooded, chaste; that he knows not even what arousal is. But just because he does not show his attractions in public and does not brag of his conquests after, does not mean Loki doesn’t have them. His manner in both pursuit and capture, so to speak, is as concealed and careful in lovemaking as in all other aspects of his life – and also just as artfully practiced.
 
Still. It is true, that while his brother, their companions, and just about every other male on their world could complain of being hot and bothered almost any night of their life, Loki has always been able to make a little satisfaction go a long way. He watches and waits, plucks a perfect opportunity off the vine like a ripened fruit, and then goes on his merry way, well aware he will be content in body and mind for quite some time.
 
At least that is the way that things always have been. But recently, very suddenly, something has changed.
 
It’s a feeling inside of him in some deep down place he can’t reach. Above it, his skin tingles and itches. His body feels warm, so warm; too warm, uncomfortably so. He feels out of sorts, distracted - so very unlike himself it’s frustrating, unnerving. It’s a feeling like something is stuck in his throat that he can’t rid himself of no matter how he swallows, his mouth gone dry.
 
Only it isn’t his throat, it’s his whole body. His muscles are taut. His blood rushes so he can feel it by merely pressing a finger to a vein. He can taste his own pulse. Every sense is heightened to hyper-sensitivity, and he finds himself watching those around him with a wired desperation he hasn’t known since adolescence. His eyes linger over the curves of shapely legs and arms and the pale flush of an exposed neck.
 
He has, to put it bluntly, sex on the brain. On his skin, in his pores, on the tip of his tongue like some dish he is craving for.
 
And it will not go away.
 
No one finds anything odd, that Loki sits in a crowded room acting as if he is leagues away from those around him, something on his mind that locks his mouth into silence; everything about him completely still save for his gleaming eyes, which take in everything with a sharp cool ferocity. He has always been the sort to stay quiet and observe. And if anyone would’ve expected by now that he would have broken in with clever words or a new jest, well. The longer period of restraint just means that the wheels are spinning especially hard with the complexities of a scheme.
 
Oh, if only. The fact of the matter is Loki is feeling so wanton and distracted that he, of all people, literally cannot think.
 
With each day the situation does not pass but somehow manages to grow worse. Carrying on conversations has become difficult. He cannot focus on his reading. Sleep is getting harder and harder to reach at night, and he finds himself tossing and turning between the sheets, rubbing his body against the mattress in an instinctive desire to find friction and solace, but it is never, ever enough. He abandons the sparring ring completely, though he snubs that so often anyway that nobody even misses him. Using his magic is challenging – the art of sorcery demands focus, the ability to channel his energy, and he struggles to do that when so much of his energy is currently tied up in nameless lust.
 
He has no appetite in this state. But he gives himself an extra serving of dessert at dinner, purposefully getting honey on his fingers so that he can place them inside his mouth and suck, fingernails scraping the flat edge of his incisors. Loki is a creature of habit. His particular style has several refined specific techniques, so that he will always associate sex with teeth and hands.
 
He blames his brother, he decides, after a long period of fretful pondering. Thor’s coronation looms near, and Loki is well aware soon he must figure out how to stop it and set whatever plan he makes into motion. The small betrayal will only delay the inevitable, but he hopes delay is all that is needed. Maybe in another century or two Thor will have grown up more, and he can become king without Loki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Balder (Marvel)/Loki (Marvel)
Loki/Sif
Loki/Sigyn
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Other(s)
Fandral/Loki
Loki/Amora
Loki/Lorelei

freeform: 
Mpreg
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Community: norsekink
Alternate Universe
Threesome - F/F/M
Group Sex
Mild S&M
Male Slash
Genderswap
Recreational Drug Use
Romance Ensues
Smut

fandom: 
Balder (Marvel)/Loki (Marvel)
Loki/Sif
Loki/Sigyn
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Other(s)
Fandral/Loki
Loki/Amora
Loki/Lorelei

