Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis curled up on the couch in the rather impressive home theater room of the Avengers’ Tower, watching sad chick flicks. She was unexpectedly alone on a Friday night and thus the reason for the sad movie marathon.  She had been expecting to be out with Larry, her low level SHIELD scientist boyfriend of two months, but that very afternoon he’d broken up with her when she’d refused to use her friendship with Jane to get him transferred to the Avengers’ science team.  Darcy was sad and disappointed. Not that she had fancied herself in love with Larry but because it meant she was the only one home on a Friday night. Jane and Thor had left yesterday for a month long diplomatic mission to Asgaard.  Tony Stark was in California on business (and to see his girlfriend Pepper Potts who ran said business). Even Dr. Banner was visiting his girlfriend at Culver University.The door opened and the only other Avenger, Captain Steven Rogers, entered the room.“Oops,” said Steve. “I didn’t think anyone would be here.”“Yeah, well, my plans fell through,” Darcy said as she hit pause on the DVD.“Oh,” Steve replied as he turned to leave.“That doesn’t mean you can’t join me,” Darcy invited. She liked Steve. They had spent a fair amount of time together when she was first hired at SHIELD because he’d been her assignment. She was assigned to try to catch him up on the Twenty-first Century.  But it had been a few weeks since he had been deemed caught up enough to not need a teacher any more. He turned and walked over to the couch and looked pointedly at her feet which had been taking up the whole space. She curled tighter and made room for him.“What are you watching?” Steve asked as she reached for the remote.“Sad movies,” She replied. “This one is called P.S. I Love You.”Steve nodded and watched with her.After that movie finished, Darcy got up from the couch, declaring, “Munchie break.”Steve got up and followed her to the kitchen as she made popcorn.“So why sad movies?” Steve asked.“Because the shithead I’d been dating broke up with me,” Darcy said as she grabbed a bottle of rum and started to make pinna coladas to go with the popcorn. “You want one?” she asked gesturing to the adult beverage she was mixing.“Sure, but if your plan is get me drunk and have your way with me, let me remind you I can’t get drunk,” Steve said with a smile. He was sure that prior to being assigned, to teach him anything, that she had been given and read his file.“Interesting thought,” Darcy said as she pretended to think it over. “But that wasn’t my plan. I just didn’t want to drink alone, because that is just pathetic.”“Then I’ll be glad to keep you company,” Steve smiled, glad he was good for something.When the snacks and drinks were ready, he carried the drinks and the pitcher with seconds while she carried the bowl of popcorn. Once they settled on the couch and she had put in the next movie – The Notebook.“So what did the shithead do?” Steve asked.Darcy looked at Steve. In all the time she had known him, she had never heard him swear. It was sort of unreal. “What?” Steve asked after awhile of her continued stare.“I’ve never heard you swear before,” Darcy said. “I thought you were incapable of it.”Steve laughed. “Is that what everyone thinks?”Darcy nodded. She hit pause on the movie because this conversation just got more interesting than the movie she had been watching for the dozenth time.“Just because I don’t use words like Shit, damn, and fuck on a regular basis that I’m some sort of goody two shoes, incapable of swearing?” Steve chuckled.“Yeah, pretty much,” Darcy agreed.“What you all seem to forget is that I was in the Army in the middle of a war. I assure you that I have heard and used a lot worse language than that,” Steve explained. “I just chose not to on a daily basis because there is a time and place for profanity and the workplace or the presence of a lady is not that time or place.”“Makes sense,” Darcy agreed as she took a long drink of her beverage. She was just trying to wrap her mind around the fact that she had just gotten the ultimate Boy Scout, Captain America, to cuss.“Now that we’ve decided that I am human and am capable of acting like it,” Steve said. “What did the shithead do to make you watch sad movies on a Friday night?”“He dumped me because I wouldn’t use my influence to get him reassigned to the Avengers’ Labs,” Darcy said. She drained her drink and poured another.“Right. That was a dick maneuver,” Steve agreed. He picked up his drink and caught her stare again. “I don’t know much about women, as I have been repeatedly told, but I do know enough to not try to date someone to advance a career. You deserve better than that.”“Thanks for that,” Darcy said. She hit play and they watched in silence until the credits rolled.When the credits ended, Darcy looked around to find that she was leaning against Steve and he had an arm around her shoulders. She didn’t remember how she got there but it was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

