Work Text:
There was that moment that came with any action when Steve looked around and realized it was over, and all his people had come through it safely. Bucky was at his side, having made it through the fight without dropping into silent, blank-faced soldier mode. Clint had come down to ground level and was talking to Natasha, and Tony had the faceplate of his armor open and was encouraging the Hulk to sit down on the grass.There were also eight harried cops and a camera-carrying horde descending on them from three directions. "Go on home, Buck," Steve said, because of all of them Bucky was still the worst at public relations; he could do it, but the effort to put on a camera-ready face was exhausting for him. Bucky's cheekbones were standing out sharply, and the circles under his eyes were bruise-dark today. He didn't need the stress of the after-action to ruin a good day, not when he was obviously happy. Any given firefight seemed to be the place Bucky felt most comfortable now, and Steve didn't want to see that ruined for him.Bucky huffed, but muttered, "Aye aye, Cap," and leaned into Steve, a press of bodies that wasn't quite a hug and would have to do as a substitute for a kiss until Steve got home.Steve wheeled to face the highest-ranking police officer in sight while Bucky strode briskly away. Steve heard someone yell Bucky's name, and looked in that direction; Bucky didn't break stride, but the idiot was waving a phone in his direction like he would get a reaction. Everyone else near him was looking toward Steve, edging away from the culprit, and Steve snapped, "Hey," because that kind of behavior didn't merit any more courteous phrasing. There were limits to Steve's politeness with the press.The guy yelling at Bucky turned his camera toward Steve, and Steve just pressed his lips together and shook his head. He didn't recognize the guy; there was a chance he would learn the rules. Leave Bucky alone if he's not speaking to you was right up there with don't try to pull gotcha questions on Dr. Banner.Steve turned back to the police without giving the rude reporter any more reaction, and the whole mob closed in on him. The next time Steve had a chance to look around he saw that Bucky had gotten away clean.
It was another two hours before Steve was able to extricate himself, and by then he'd passed through the sharp pangs of hunger that usually followed combat. By the time he got free he was hungry in the way where his body had started shunting the distracting sensation aside, but he knew that if he sat down in front of food he would devour it. If he didn't get himself a square meal within the next few hours, his body would simply take over, and without making a decision about it he would discover himself in the act of ordering a half-dozen pizzas or standing in front of the refrigerator systematically shoveling down every high-protein item he could lay hands on.It was time to eat, and that meant it was a good time to take a shot on his latest idea for a new food to try out on Bucky.Bucky's metabolism ran about as fast as Steve's, but seventy years in HYDRA's custody had left Bucky with a marked aversion to more or less everything to do with food. Eating was a chore on good days, an ordeal or an impossibility on bad ones. A wide array of foods made him sick for no physical reason anyone could pin down, and there were as many he refused to even try. Something about the sight of guacamole had made him go pale--even Bucky couldn't say why--and after that all Mexican food had been effectively out of the question.The files Steve had been able to locate indicated that Bucky had been fed by nasogastric tube, with some IV supplements to achieve complete nutrition. Bucky still went down to the Avengers' private clinic and asked for the NG tube whenever he'd gone a few days without being able to choke down his minimum sustainable calorie count; he hated the feeding tube like he hated most reminders of that time, but he hated being debilitated by starvation even more.In the meantime, Steve took every opportunity he could find to introduce Bucky to new foods on a good day, in hopes of finding something he would actually enjoy eating. The best chance for getting Bucky to try a new food was for Steve to make or order enough of it to feed both of them, invite Bucky to join him, and then just go ahead and eat while ignoring Bucky completely. Bucky could usually at least identify something that seemed unobjectionable and nibble at it while Steve was eating. Even if he didn't go that far, he'd see and smell the food and get the idea that it was something Steve liked, which might eventually lead to him being willing to try it himself. Bucky's eating disorder therapist agreed with Steve on this; he said that making meals a positive social experience and modeling healthy and happy eating were important for helping Bucky form good associations with food.Today, in the aftermath of a mission that had gone well both in genera
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Past Rape/Non-con
Brainwashing
Dubious Consent
Eating Disorders
Hand Feeding
Rape Recovery

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

