Work Text:
Bruce’s hand trembled a little as he ran the gamma ray detection scanner over the sceptre, eyes never leaving the screen. The low buzz of the scanner was the only thing they heard as they held their breath, impatiently waiting for the read result. On the next workbench, Tony stood, occupying himself with his monitors, shifting and solving as many algorithms and equations as he could while they waited. He could never stay still for long, one of the many curses that came hand in hand with being a genius was hyperactivity. His mind was always a hundred miles ahead on everything, he was always shifting, fidgeting, breaking things down and building them right back up because he just couldn’t fucking sit still. Bruce, bless him, didn’t seem to mind it one bit, blissfully engrossed in his own work and not once complaining about Tony’s fidgeting. Before he had settled with messing with his monitor, the billionaire had paced the labs close to a hundred times already, picking up tools and putting them down, opening drawers and closing them without taking something out and spinned his chair in circles again and again until he was close to throwing up. Not once did Banner comment on it.“The gamma readings are definitely consistent with Selvig's reports on the Tesseract. But it's gonna take weeks to process.” The scientist commented, closely watching the screen, his intelligent eyes talking in the results.“If we bypass their mainframe and direct a reroute to the Homer cluster, we can clock this around six hundred teraflops.” Tony offered thoughtfully, hands already moving to try out his idea.Bruce chuckled softly to himself, smiling. “All I packed was a toothbrush,” he said, shaking his head, his smile reaching his eyes once Tony offered him one of his own.“You know,” Tony started, eyes fixed on the monitor, a slight frown marring his face. He bit his lips, eyes momentarily shifting to glance at the other man, making sure he was lesiting. “You should come by Stark Tower sometime,” he offered. He looked at the monitor one last time, before he nodded to himself, satisfied with his work. “Top ten floors, all R&D. You'd love it, it's candy land.” he said, approaching Banner.“Thanks, but the last time I was in New York I kind of broke...” he trailed off, scrunching his nose a little. “Harlem.” he finished off with a wince, shuddering at the memory.“Well,” Tony said, picking up a miniature electrical prod and examining it thoughtfully. Behind them the door slid open and Steve walked in with Natasha in toe, Tony paid them no mind. “I promise a stress free environment. No tension. No surprises.” he vowed, walking closer to the doctor with the most sincere expression he could master.Banner hummed in consideration, it was the only acknowledgement he offered the billionaire before he moved his attention back to the screen. A mischievous glint flashed across Tony’s eyes, he smirked, not thinking twice before poking the man with the miniature electrical prod.The doctor jumped with a yelp, turning to face Tony with wide shocked eyes. The other held his breath and watched Bruce closely, searching his eyes for any sign of him hulking out.“Ow!” he cried out, more surprised than hurt. Tony smiled in return, seemingly satisfied with the doctor’s reaction.Steve on the other hand, didn’t seem to find it as amusing or interesting as Tony had. He growled lowly, his handsome face twisting into a deadly glare. “Hey!” he barked, stepping closer to Tony, posture threatening. “Nothing?” Tony asked Banner, completely ignoring the captain. “Really?” he pressed, looking expectedly at him.“Are you nuts?” Steve interrupted, exasperated.Sensing that those two were about to have another go at each other, Natasha stayed where she was, closer to the exit and away from their unnecessary fight for dominance. There was a lot to unpack there, Tony and Steve had a weird relationship even before they had the chance to meet and form their own opinions of each other— she wasn’t paid enough to touch base with whatever it was going between them. Frankly, she didn’t want to nor cared to. At the moment the only thing that mattered to her was getting Clint back and putting a stop to Loki’s plans. Playing therapist came later on, when they had the time and nothing was at stake.Not even that seemed to shift Tony’s attention from Bruce to Steve. The billionaire didn’t even bother to spare him a glance, he continued to study the scientist closely, unbothered by how uncomfortable the older man was getting under his gaze. “You really have got a lid on it, haven't you?” he observed, his calculating eyes, all knowing and intelligent scanned him, as though viewing Banner in a new light. “What's your secret?” he wondered, a little bit of humor bleeding into his curiosity. “Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed?” he offered.“Is everything a joke to you?” Steve snarled, his blue eyes turning icy, furious.“Funny things are.” Tony replied, gracing the soldier with a r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Precious Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Adorable Peter Parker
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Injured Peter Parker
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers
Italian Tony Stark
Tony Stark calls Peter Parker "Baby"
Tony Stark calls Peter Parker "Bambino"
Tooth-Rotting Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

