Work Text:
"Do I have to go?" Bucky complains. "I'm not an Avenger, I don't fit in with these people." He's holding the invitation by one corner, like it's something dead and mouldering. The paper is a thick ivory card and the gold-leaf lettering gleams in the light. It is, Steve thinks, suitably ostentatious for a Tony Stark event. The only surprise is that it's actually on paper.
For a moment Steve considers telling Bucky yes, he has to go, but he knows that more often than not, that kind of response would just make Bucky dig his heels in obstinately. Instead he goes for some old-fashioned emotional blackmail. 
Which, for some ungodly reason Steve can't recall later, seems like a good idea at the time.
"Well no," Steve says, "you don't have to go, Bucky. But I am and I was really looking forward to seeing in the New Year with you." He sighs theatrically and glances away. "You know I'd want to spend it with you anyway, what with this being the first time for the both of us. Together again in the here and now, I mean." While he feels kind of like a jerk for manipulating Bucky this way, he tells himself it's for the best. Besides, it's true: he's been looking forward to starting a new year afresh with Bucky at his side, just like in the old, old days. 
When Steve looks back to Bucky he sees a familiar expression on his face. Bucky's always struggled with his emotions, struggled to hide them behind a mask Steve has never failed to see through. In all honesty, Steve's not entirely sure why Bucky tries anymore. 
This time Bucky is trying to hide guilt and anguish and Steve suddenly feels like a heel for manipulating him like this, his own guilt a sick thing curling around his heart. He opens his mouth to apologise and ask forgiveness, to tell Bucky no, if he doesn't want to go to Stark's party he doesn't have to, that Steve would be more than happy to stay in with him.
But Bucky speaks first, a forced lightness in his tone. "I--okay, that's... that's okay, I can--I'll go. But it says formal attire, Steve, and--you know I got nothing to wear." 
And when he tries to smile Steve feels like the absolute worst.
"Will you relax?" Tony says. "Your boy is coming, okay?"
Steve scowls at Tony. "I am relaxed."
Tony snorts. "You're jittering and you can't even have a few drinks to settle your nerves. He'll come, I'm telling you." The look he gives Steve is speculative, but Steve doesn't know what that's about. Tony just laughs, claps his hand against Steve's shoulder and vanishes into the crowd. 
Before Steve's even got a chance to think about what the hell Tony could be implying, a young, beautiful heiress sails out of the crowd and uses Steve's arm to prop up her breasts and looks coquettishly up at him. He smiles down at her, awkwardly, and then backs up a little. She follows.
He'll never quite get used to just how forward women are in this time. 
"Captain Rogers?" she breathes his name in a way that's as inappropriate as the way she's rubbing up against his arm. "I'm Yasmine Ryan; I'm a big fan of your work."
"Pleased to--" he stops, mortified by how his voice cracks; he coughs, "--to meet you."
She prattles on about how her granddaddy made his wealth in forestry, how he wanted to save the world, and how she can completely relate to Steve as Captain America because of it, when what she's really saying is 'Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me,' over and over. 
No, Steve will never get used to how forward women are these days. Eventually he excuses himself with a polite smile, detaching her hand from his arm with more effort than it should take for Captain America to pry loose a girl's hand. 
Yasmine's not keen on the no, but when Steve looks around for an escape, catching Clint's eye and signalling desperately for help, Clint charges in to Steve's rescue like they were on the battlefield, his hand around Steve's arm as he hustles him away. "Please excuse is, ma'am, but I need to discuss seriously important Avengers business with Captain Rogers." Yasmine pouts, but at least she lets Clint guide Steve away.
"You are insane," Clint hisses. "Did you see that woman? I cannot even believe you."
"Oh, you're more than welcome to--"
"After she's had a go at you?" Clint snorts. "She's not gonna look twice at someone like me."
"I don't know why, Clint, you're a very handsome man and I would--"
"Oh, please, Steve. If you could maybe not finish that sentence that'd be great. I don't want to know what you'd do." His grin takes the harshness out of his tone and he delivers Steve up to Natasha with a smirk and, "Mind our Captain will you, Tash? He's got a shark he can't shake." 
Natasha gives Clint a look and frankly sometimes Steve has no idea what she sees in that man because he is a sarcastic little shit and--okay, actually, Steve knows exactly what she sees in him because he's got one exactly the same for himself (not for himself), heart wrapped around a metal finger and god, Tony keeps insisting Bucky will turn up but where is he? 
"Um, sorry
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Unrequited Love
Angst
Suitporn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

