Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

Brooklyn ca 1940
Tracing the outline with his pencil, Steve tried to pull forth the memory best he could. The confident smile, the mischievous look, and that furrowed brow of concentration. After all, there was just no way he could stare long enough to do this in front of them. Without warning, his sketchbook was pulled from his hands. Glaring at Bucky, he waited."He's handsome", the taller boy said teasingly. "What's his name?""What does it matter?" the blond snatched the sketchbook and closed it. This was his secret. His dirty little secret. Of course, his friend already knew."Hey, no need to be so defensive", Bucky laughed. "So, are you going to ask him out?""Don't be ridiculous", the thinner boy sighed. "Even if there was a chance he would be interested in someone like me, it is illegal.""They are the ones missing out. Still, whatever you are looking at a fella or a girl, you sure are drawn to the same type of things."Steve looked down on his hands. Thin, bony. His chest looked like it would collapse from one single punch. But his friend wasn't wrong. There were certain things that drew him to someone. Regardless of their gender. He liked people who were intelligent, capable, and self-sufficient. Not that he couldn't admire a beautiful dame or a handsome fella, but that wasn't what truly captured him. In some ways his friend, James Buchanan Barnes, fitted his criteria. Though they were more like brothers than anything else. Thankfully, the brunet knew of his deviance and accepted him anyway. Helping him keep it a secret."His name is William", he said at last. "He is studying engineering and is taking some art classes at my school to improve. We have only talked a few times. And considering the way he chases after the girls, I think it is pretty clear what he prefers. And again, it is illegal.""Stupid laws are stupid. Let's change subject. Do you think America will join the war in Europe?""Probably."Little did either of them know at that point just how involved they would be in the war. Nor how it would change both of them."Hey, Stevio!" Tony shouted as he ran past, an almost giddy expression on his face. "No time to talk, I just got this absolutely brilliant idea."Smiling to himself, Steve watched the engineer disappear down a flight of stairs. Outside, the city was slowly starting to rebuild. A lot of people had died in the invasion and the destruction was overwhelming. As a result, crime rates had rising dramatically and would-be villains was running rampant. The public had cried for help while law enforcement was either overwhelmed or powerless. Thus the Avengers staying in the Tower while helping out when needed.The soldier picked up his sketchbook and his pencil. Opening a new page he started drawing. It was familiar, comfortable. Something he hadn't been able to do during the war. Back then he probably would have drawn Peggy. A real dynamite of a woman. Sadly, she was now living in a home, her mind failing her. She had lived a full life without him, with a husband and children. He was happy for her, but also sad to have lost out on so much.So, perhaps it wasn't surprising that he had found himself drawn to a new person. A different person. It was just a slightly unexpected person, considering how their initial meeting went. But there was no denying that Tony Stark was intelligent, confident, and just the right amount of mischievous to stir something in Steve. He was also quite handsome, in a rugged sort of way. Not that the blond would even dream of making a move on the man. Some research had taught him same-sex relationships were no longer illegal, but that didn't mean Mr. Playboy billionaire had any kind of interest in men."If you could see me now, Bucky", he sighed. "You would laugh your head off, wouldn't you. Saying that I'm same old Steve who rather yearn in silence instead of making a leap.""Did you say something, Cap?" Barton asked from the kitchen."Just talking to myself..." the archer nodded in understanding."Best way to get only intelligent replies.""Or just stupid ones", Romanoff said. "You tried to skip training again. Come on."The two spies slash assassins walked off while bickering. Steve looked at his drawing. He'd rather just have any answer, good or bad, than none at all.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Not Canon Compliant
Canon What Canon
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Tony Stark
Falling In Love
Getting Together
Superhusbands (Marvel)
Age Regression/De-Aging
Kid Loki (Marvel)
toddler loki
Parent Steve Rogers
Parent Tony Stark
Accidental Baby Acquisition
The Avengers Are Good Bros
most of them - Freeform
Thor needs to do better
This is a branch timeline and everyone is a variant
because I say so

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Steve Rogers

