Chapter 1





Chapter Text


NOW

 Pain in his stomach and chest; throbbing, stabbing pain.  Pain in his back, his arms, like they’d been ripped from him, muscles torn apart.  Pain  all over, there was no part of him that didn’t hurt. It felt like he’d slammed into solid concrete, like he’d been shot, stabbed, torn apart. Aunt May, it hurts, make it stop, please make it stop!  Dizziness filled his mind, nausea in his belly. He was spinning, tumbling, and turning out of control, being flung in every direction. Was that water? Was he underwater? Karen, help. Help me!  he cried out in his mind, but he couldn’t speak the words.  Darkness all around him. Why is it so dark?  Why do his lungs feel so tight, like he can’t even take a breath? Cold. He was so very, very cold. He couldn’t think for how cold it was. Couldn’t breathe. Couldn’t- couldn’t stay- awake… The loud rushing noise in his ears began to fade. Everything he was feeling began to fade. That was nice.  He was so sore, so tired. A nap would be nice.  His eyelids grew too heavy to keep open anymore. Oblivion rose up and pulled him into its grasp.  
I’m sorry Mr Star-… 
  

------------------------------------
  
3.30am, Saturday, 2nd December 2017
 Tony Stark groaned, and pulled a pillow over his head. “Friday turn the alarm off dammit!” The AI complied, and he sighed in relief. Why was his alarm going off?  He was sure he’d only been asleep a short while, and it was Saturday, so he didn’t have to work today. Pepper muttered sleepily beside him, snuggling into the covers.A very loud, extremely annoying horn sound blared through the ceiling speakers. The bedroom lights flashed on, then off, then on again, and kept flashing as the noise continued. Blarp blarp - blarp blarp.  Tony’s eyes flew open, and he rolled out of bed as he realised that was the emergency Avengers alarm. Pepper did the same on her side. Racing down the hall, Tony noted that the alarm and flashing lights were all over the compound and that the rest of the Avengers team were on their way to the conference room as well. Most were in their pyjamas, like he was. Bucky was the only one fully dressed. As soon as the team were all present, Friday started the large television screen on the end wall, filled with the headline
Spider-Man Dead? Masked vigilante shot, missing in riverGasps and various other exclamations were audible around the room.“Friday contact Karen,” Tony ordered tersely. “I am unable to contact Karen, or Peter,” the AI replied, sounding apologetic. “Playing news report now.” The video on the screen before them began playing.
  “J. Jonah Jameson here for the Daily Bugle, reporting live from the shores of East River in Queens. You can see behind me the Triborough Bridge where Spider-Man fought a gang of armed criminals only a short time ago. The events began when the NYPD were called out in pursuit of an armoured security truck that the group had hijacked on its way from a nearby Bank of America branch. Spider-Man joined the chase as it reached the bridge. Viewers will know that I am no fan of the masked menace but in this instance it’s clear, without Spider-Man there our beloved Police Captain would now be dead. Spider-Man saved his life when the police car he was in was forced off the side of the bridge by the driver of the hijacked armoured truck. Watch this footage with us.”  A shaky, badly lit amateur phone video begins, with a voice over from Jameson.
  “At first you can only hear the many police sirens from the pursuit. The person who captured this footage was in the river side park below and off to the side of the bridge. What someone was doing in a park at 3am I have no idea, but that’s their own business. Now, we hear the screeching of brakes and the clash of metal on metal, and there – you can see the captain’s police car going over the side of the bridge. It rips through the safety railings and starts to fall – but there! Spider-Man’s webs catch the back of it, and there, there he is securing the car to the underside of the bridge. You can see him helping the captain out of his door and taking him back up to the bridge using more webs.”  The news report changes back to Jameson, standing on the bridge with police cars circled behind him, lights flashing. The armoured truck can be seen off to the side, protruding through the railings on the edge of the bridge, front wheels hanging out over the river. Police and other emergency service personnel stand along the side of the bridge, shining torches down into the river.
  “We go now to more video footage from witnesses on the bridge at the time. In this, you can see that as Spider-Man swung the captain back up onto the bridge, the criminals opened fire at them both. Spider-Man placed his own body in front of the captain, and it looks like he was hit by at least one bullet before the police around them began to return fire. The criminals then attempt to ram their way through the police blockage and the truck swerves out of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & The Avengers
Peter Parker & Everyone

freeform: 
POV Tony Stark
Identity Reveal
Avengers Family
Team as Family
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Prank Wars
Peter Parker Can Wield Mjolnir
Peter Parker is Worthy
Fluff
Team Bonding
Irondad
Self-Sacrifice
Protective Peter Parker
Sad Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Whump
Blood and Injury
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker is Not Okay
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Rape/Non-con Elements
Peter Parker Whump
Protective Tony Stark
Psychological Trauma
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
no beta we die like thanos
News Media
TV News
Social Media
I learned html for this
Was It Worth It?

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & The Avengers
Peter Parker & Everyone

