Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They give him his own tent at first, like he’s an officer or out of some misplaced sense of propriety.  It lasts about a week into the first mission, when Sergeant Barnes notices him struggling to keep up on the march, calls a halt and redistributes the extra weight out of his pack to everyone else.  The double weight of the extra tent goes into Barnes’ pack and doesn’t come back out when they make camp that night. Usually they bunk Barnes with Dugan, Falsworth with Morita, and Jones with Dernier, but one of them is always on watch at night anyway, so Barnes says Steve’ll just rotate to the spare bed.  He says it’ll make less work for everyone, with one less tent to put up and take down, and he doesn’t say that it’ll make more work for Steve, with being on duty every night.  But it’s a forward posting, and they’re all on duty all the time, so he doesn’t complain.No one says anything when it ends up that Steve is in Barnes’ bed two nights out of seven because of the way the rotation works out.  Fair’s fair, and Barnes is the NCO.  Officer’s prerogative, even if he’s not really an officer.They’re hard to keep separate at first, because Steve has never had to remember from one soldier to the next who likes what because it never mattered.  Dugan likes his mouth, Falsworth likes things gentler than the rest.  Jones likes to spoon, Morita likes him on top, and Dernier mostly just runs his hands over Steve’s back and mumbles French into his hair until they both fall asleep.  Steve knows just enough French to catch that Dernier is praying his rosary, and wonders what his mother would think about where he’s saying his Hail Marys these days.Barnes is a mystery.  He’s a hard man, frightening in his grimness when Steve’s seen them in combat or immediately after.  The first time they come back from real trouble since Steve’s joined them, they limp back to the rendezvous point and Barnes pulls Steve out into the forest while the rest collapse and set to patching each other up.Barnes’ hand on his arm is too tight, and Steve expects to get shoved down and fucked rough as soon as they’re out of sight of the others.  Barnes has about a hundred pounds on him and a foot of height, so it might hurt, but probably not any worse than the end of a rush hour shift.  He’s got slick in his pocket if Barnes gives him time to use it.  Steve had figured this was a possibility when he finally realized what he’d volunteered himself for, and Barnes hasn’t been rough with him before.So he’s not ready for it when Barnes shoves him against a tree and drops to his knees, making quick work of Steve’s belt.  Steve’s never been on this side of it before, choking down a little surprised noise when the sergeant pulls Steve’s half-hard cock out and flashes him a smile, then suddenly there’s not much to think about at all because his cock is in Barnes’ mouth.Steve usually keeps his eyes closed when he’s on his knees, because most soldiers don’t like the reminder that he’s not a girl.  His regulation short hair is usually bad enough when they put hands on his head, but most of them can ignore that if he does his job well enough.  But he can’t keep his eyes off Barnes after that smile, and Barnes catches him looking when he glances up at Steve through his dark lashes.  Barnes has a cruel streak in him, sucking him deep without breaking eye contact, then pulling back slowly with a last flick of his tongue to leave Steve bobbing there in the cold air.“Breathe, Rogers,” Barnes says, and Steve barely obeys before Barnes’ mouth is back on him.  The contrast is so sudden and hot that he has to muffle the noise with his hand, because the sergeant must have brought him out away from the others because he didn’t want them to know Steve wasn’t the only one good on his knees.  Barnes grips the base of Steve’s cock with another look up at him as he curls his tongue over the head, and that’s it, he doesn’t even have time to warn Barnes before he’s coming embarrassingly soon, but Barnes doesn’t seem to mind, swallowing it away.  Steve catches his breath while Barnes tugs him down to straddle the sergeant’s lap, and this doesn’t go the way he’s expecting either.  Barnes is hard, but he just leans his head on Steve’s shoulder and guides Steve’s hand to his cock, clutching him almost too close while Steve jerks him off.  He’s done quickly too and then they’re just sitting there with pine needles stuck to everything, Barnes burying his face in Steve’s shoulder.The girls had gotten most of the criers back at the Auxiliary Station, so he doesn’t know what to do when Barnes’ breath hitches and catches.  But it’s over almost as soon as it starts, and then Barnes is pulling them both up to put themselves back together, and they walk back to camp with the sergeant’s arm slung over Steve’s narrow shoulders like it had just been a quick fuck.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Howling Commandos/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Dubious Consent
Prostitution
4F
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Alcohol
Double Anal Penetration
Oral Sex
Smoking
Gangbang
Spitroasting
Divorce
Sexism
Jealousy
Vaginal Sex
Cunnilingus

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Howling Commandos/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

