Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was nine hundred degrees outside and Darcy was barely even exaggerating.
“Tell me again why we’re back in Butthole, New Mexico,” she panted, lifting another cardboard box of Jane’s equipment from the back of the Jeep and hauling it into the lab.
“Well,” Jane gave a little grunt as she pulled the last of the boxes from the vehicle, “the clear skies are the best conditions for studying atmospheric anomalies, and all this wide open space means that we can test the Einstein-Rosen Bridge without attracting any unwanted attention.”
Darcy frowned and looked at the flat, dusty expanse of desert surrounding them. “It’s definitely isolated. There’ll be no one to hear us scream when we get eaten by dingoes.”
“I’m pretty sure there are no dingoes in New Mexico, Darcy.” Jane set her box down with a relieved sigh and headed for the small ice chest sitting on the counter. She pulled out two water bottles and tossed one to Darcy.
Darcy immediately twisted off the cap and took a greedy drink. The cool water felt amazing on her dry throat but it did little to relieve her crankiness. “At least tell me we aren’t sharing a trailer.”
“Nope!” Jane replied brightly. “I’ve got a real house rented and get this: there’s central air.”
“You’re shitting me,” Darcy swept the hair off the back of her neck and fanned herself with her hand in a weak attempt to cool off.
The air in the lab was thick with humidity, stale and unmoving despite the fact that they’d left the door open in the hopes that a breeze would blow through. Yeah right. Darcy suspected that the words ‘breeze’ and ‘New Mexico summers’ had never been used in the same sentence.
“It’s no joke,” Jane confirmed, “we can pick up the keys at two this afternoon.”
Darcy chugged the rest of her water and wiped the back of her hand over her sweaty forehead. “Thank God for small miracles,” she murmured.
The house was nice. Way nicer than Darcy had expected it to be. It was modest, with only two bedrooms and one bath, but it was clean and far more spacious than Jane’s old trailer, which was really all that Darcy could ask for.
The living room and kitchen were one large open concept area, decorated in a fairly typical desert theme of reds and oranges, and the cold terracotta tiles lining the floors felt incredible on Darcy’s overheated skin as she slipped off her sandals and padded through the house barefoot, tugging her suitcase behind her.
Darcy’s bedroom (she got her own room!) was painted a cheerful pale yellow. There was even a small desk next to the bed so she could set up her laptop and stream Netflix in the evenings. Sweet.
“Jane!” Darcy called, setting her suitcase down on the bed before poking her head out of the room and into the hallway. “What’s the status on that central air? I’m dying over here.”
“Um...”
Darcy frowned. When Jane hesitated, it was never good.
She fished around in her suitcase for a package of hair ties and scraped her curls back into a messy bun, reveling in the feeling of finally having her neck bare. Abandoning her unpacking for the moment, she wandered down the hall until she found Jane fiddling with the thermostat on the living room wall.
“Please don’t tell me it’s broken.” Darcy cringed, preparing for the worst.
“Definitely broken,” Jane confirmed grimly. “I’ll have a look at the main unit outside. Maybe it just needs a new part.”
“Astrophysicist by day and A/C repairwoman by night?” Darcy questioned, raising an eyebrow.
Jane laughed and gave a casual shrug. “Mechanics are mechanics. If I can build my own equipment from scratch, I’m sure I can figure out an air conditioner.”
“Okay but if you can’t fix it in twenty minutes, come back inside,” Darcy ordered, “today already sucks bad enough, I don’t need to be playing nurse to your heat-sickness on top of everything else.”
“Deal,” Jane agreed, crossing the room and sliding open the patio door that lead out into the small backyard.
When the door shut behind her, Darcy blew out a breath and headed for the kitchen. Thank God they had already done a grocery run. Darcy desperately needed a popsicle if she was going to tackle the rest of her unpacking.
She was just licking the last of the cherry-flavoured treat off the stick when she heard an odd, muffled noise coming from the front door.
Darcy tossed the stick in the trash and warily approached the entrance way. It was probably just a stray dog looking to come in. There were a lot of them loose in this area. Or maybe...oh hell, what if there really were dingoes here? What if they wanted to eat her face off?
She had thoroughly freaked herself out now. Reaching for the only weapon-like item she could find close by (a tripod for one of Jane’s telescopes), Darcy put her hand on the door knob and took a steadying breath. Okay. On three. One...two...
She pulled open the door and instantly her hands went slack. The tripod landed with a clatter on the tile floor and Darcy suspected that her jaw was probably taking up space on the floor righ
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
Soulmate AU
Fluff
Slow Burn
Smut
Minor Jane Foster/Thor
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Minor Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Deaf Clint Barton
Jötunn Loki

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

