Work Text:
It’s a widely-known fact that Tony Stark doesn’t like to be touched.People believe it, mostly. Why wouldn’t they- he’s glib, he’s superficial, he ducks out from under people’s arms and lets go of handshakes after the required amount of time. There’s been more than enough footage over the years of Tony putting his arms around the bare hips of a bikini-clad model, her glossy lips leaving sticky traces on his cheek as she laughed along to something they both knew wasn’t funny, but that’s only when Tony is leading someone into bed. After they’re finished, Tony always leaves soon after, with the minimum amount of touching he can get away with, because apart from sex, Tony doesn’t like to be touched.There are exceptions to the rule, the public knows: Tony gets very touchy-feely when he’s drunk, draping his arms over people’s shoulders or waists, patting their cheeks or clapping their shoulders, but that’s only because he’s drunk, everyone would be touchy-feely if they were as drunk as Tony Stark always is in those videos, falling over everybody’s feet and laughing at everything until he has to crawl somewhere to throw up.As always, the public opinion isn’t always the right one: it wouldn’t be accurate to say Tony doesn’t want people to touch him- he does, and sometimes so much his hands start to itch.It’ll start as a twinge in his palms that is more annoying than anything, and it will build up to a steady needle of itching down his fingers. It’s purely psychological, Tony knows. His hands can’t actually itch from needing someone to put their arms around him, to actually touch him like they care and not how people usually touch him, always fleeting, always a means to an end, letting go of Tony after they’ve got what they wanted, whether ‘what they wanted’ is sex, money or otherwise.Tony craves touch so much his brain makes up a lie about his hands itching, but he’s content to let the media speculate and make up what they want, since they always have and probably always will. He’s used to it. He’s reached a point in his life where he isn’t even surprised anymore, even slightly admiring in how they come up with the bullshit that they do.There are very few people who are privy to how clingy Tony is- Pepper calls it ‘touch starved,’ once, but Tony makes a face and she rolls her eyes at him and that’s the last time the phrase is used- there’s Pepper, of course, and Happy, and then Rhodey, who has known the longest.Rhodey has known since he met Tony, when some dangerously drunk 14 year old climbed into Rhodey’s bed next to him and tried to cuddle him.Rhodey had jumped up despite the kid trying to cling to him- eighteen and half-asleep, having just handed in an essay that took him a straight 12 hours to write, he whirled around towards the bed. “What the hell, man,” he barked, and then stopped.The kid in bed made him change his tone: he was blinking up at him, confused, no facial hair to speak of, head wavering as he held it up to stare at Rhodey. He was very obviously too young to be drinking.Thinking he was someone’s little brother who broke into his stash- the students weren’t technically allowed to have alcohol on campus, but since the TA had the exact same stash, it was rare that anyone would get in trouble for it- Rhodey had asked him if he needed help finding someone.The kid cracked up, and then made a worrying gagging noise. “Oh,” the kid said. “Fuck.”Then he leaned over the side of Rhodey’s bed and vomited right on his bare feet.“JESUS,” Rhodey yelled, face twisting as he stared at his feet, which were covered in whatever the kid had just been drinking.“S’ry,” the kid slurred. His eyelids drooped along with his head, and for a moment Rhodey thought he was going to slip right into the puddle of vomit, so he grabbed him by the shoulders.The kid grumbled in complaint as he was eased back up on the bed, head swaying from side to side as he mumbled.“Okay,” Rhodey said. He grimaced down at the mess on his feet, which was now sinking into the carpet. At least it’s pretty much all liquid, he comforted himself- he wouldn’t have to scrub food out of the carpet. Did this kid even eat anything before he started drinking? “Kid, who are you here visiting?”The kid cracked his eyes open, glared at Rhodey blearily. “What,” he managed, croaking his way through it. He coughed, and bile drooled out of the kid’s mouth.“Okay,” Rhodey said again. “Kid? I’m Jim Rhodes, but my pals call me Rhodey. How about we get you cleaned up before someone comes looking for you and find you like this, huh?”“Mrghhhh,” the kid groaned, his head falling forwards as Rhodey propped him up.“I’m gonna take that as a yes, please,” Rhodey sighed. He picked the kid up, who protested weakly but didn’t get anywhere from it, and Rhodey bridal-carried him into the bathroom. He turned on the shower, made sure it was warm enough, and then turned the spray on the kid, who groaned and twisted his head away from the water.Rhodey hosed him down, warning him w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Demisexuality
Demiromantic
Touch-Starved

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

