Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The room is filled with chatter as everyone gathered up their books and discussed the upcoming field trip to Stark Tower in two weeks. As they file out of the room, they each picked up a packet containing their permission slip and NDAs for their parents to fill out. "Mr. Parker, I'll need for you to stay behind a moment," Mrs. Elliot says glancing up from her planning book.Peter steps to the side and puts the paperwork in his backpack. He checks his phone and lets Happy know that he was being held back a few minutes by a teacher. He could practically hear the grumbling from the man from here. "Yes, ma'am, was there a problem with my assignment?" he asks, looking up from his phone when Mrs. Elliott clears her throat to get his attention. She doesn't appear to notice him clicking one of the apps on his phone before the screen goes dark.Folding her hands on the desk, she gives her head a subtle shake. "No, I wanted to speak to you about the upcoming field trip. For quite some time you have been talking about interning at Stark Industries and the administration of the school feels that this deception has gone on long enough. You will be recanting your lie to the class tomorrow, and it will not be mentioned when we arrive on the company's property. If you speak of this while we are there, you will face serious consequences for embarrassing this school.We understand that children will often feel, after a tragedy such as with the loss of your uncle, that they need to find a way to cope and -""Excuse me, ma'am, but have you ever actually heard me talk about interning at Stark Industries?"She looks at him in surprise that he would interrupt her. Which to be honest he normally wouldn't do that but he is just so frustrated with not only how they never do anything about Flash's bullying but now apparently buying into what he always says about Peter - again. Just when it appears as if Mrs. Elliott is about to get onto him, her expression changes and she answers, "Well, no. But it has been a standing rumor around the school for a while now, and we know that there has to be a source to the rumor and that it would naturally be yourself."Peter looks at her in disappointment that she would say something like that especially after admitting she had never heard him speak about the internship. He knows that most of the teachers don't do anything to stop the spreading of rumors. In fact, they make them worse at times. This wasn't the first time that Flash had spread something about him and he ended up suffering for it with the school admins. "Mrs. Elliott, I'm feeling uncomfortable with this conversation at the moment and I would like to continue it with Principal Morita present."She stands up, looking angry. "There is no need to bother Principal Morita with something that is easily resolved by you admitting to the fact you lied. Be aware that due to your disruptive behavior and dishonesty, you will be attending multiple detentions, even if you recant. These will be going on your records that will be viewed by any potential colleges you apply to. Peter takes a step back from his teacher, worried that standing up for himself was going to mess up everything that he's worked so hard for. Taking a deep breath, Peter shook his head lightly. "Mrs. Elliott, it is within the school charter that I am allowed to request a meeting with the Principal regarding an issue like this. He has always said that he has open office hours immediately after school and that we can go to him about anything - and you are threatening me with detention and accusing me of spreading rumors - to what, make myself seem more important or something? I just want to make sure this is all cleared up and go home.""Very well, but we will also be discussing your disrespectful behavior today." Now that made Peter confused at first then angry. As she started putting things away, Peter told her, "I'll wait for you in the hall, Mrs. Elliott."Once in the hallway, he stands by the door before looking down at the phone in his hand. "Karen, please alert May and Mr. Stark about what's going on. I want you to keep recording everything for me."
"Alerting them now. Peter, I think you're doing the right thing."
"Thanks, Karen."He tucks his hand out of the way when Mrs. Elliott joins him. Neither says a word as they walk to the office.Entering the outer office, the secretary, Ms. Kilpatrick smiles at them both and asks if she could help them. Mrs. Elliott tells her that they need to see Mr. Morita. After being informed that he's available, Mrs. Elliott knocks on the door. "Come in," is the response. Mr. Morita looks away from his computer screen and faces them both. "Mrs. Elliott, Mr. Parker, have a seat." Peter sits down in one of the chairs available while Mrs. Elliott continues to stand over him. He knows it's a power play because Mr. Stark and Ms. Potts have been teaching him about stuff like that so he's not as intimidated as she wants him to be. He l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Not really a field trip but its the cause of this fic
Mid-Town's teachers suck
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
teacher bullies Peter
Smart Peter Parker
Interns & Internships
BAMF Peter Parker
Peter stops letting himself be bullied
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

