Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“What?”
“I said-“
“I heard what you said,” Tony Stark interrupted. “And the answer is no.”
 Nick Fury raised an eyebrow.
“There wasn’t a question involved, Tony,” he said. “I’m not asking you if you want to have a bodyguard, I’m telling you that I’ve assigned you one.”
“I don’t need a bodyguard.”
“With the new chatter that we’ve been hearing from HYDRA? Yes. You do.”
The older man’s implacable expression made Tony scowl, well aware that he was one of the few people in the world that wouldn’t back down to him. It was annoying.
“For how long?”
“Until I say otherwise.”
“Nick, I can’t have a bodyguard.”
 “Why not?”
“Because I’m Ironman, for fuck’s sake. Ironman doesn’t need a bodyguard.”
 “You’re also Tony Stark,” Fury reminded him. “And Tony Stark does.”
“Don’t worry Tony,” Natasha told him, having been silently watching the exchange up until that moment. “We found someone who is perfect.”
Stark didn’t look – or feel – at all mollified.
“Perfect, huh? I doubt that.”
She smirked, and tapped her ear, where Stark knew there was a communications bud. A moment later there was a knock on the door to Tony’s office, and a young man walked in. He was slightly built, wearing the dark suit that all SHIELD agents seemed to be so fond of and he looked like he was sixteen. The young man looked Tony over while walking to stand by Romanoff.
“Tony Stark, meet Peter Parker.”
“Are you kidding me?” Tony asked, incredulous. “He’s a SHIELD agent?”
“One of the best up and comers that we have,” Fury confirmed. “Don’t let his age fool you. Peter’s something special.”
“I recruited him, myself,” Romanoff added, looking smug and amused at his reaction – as if she’d expected it. “He’s top-notch.”
“How old is he?”
“I’m twenty-one,” Peter replied. If he was offended by the reaction from the billionaire, it didn’t show in his demeanor. “And you’re my very first detail.”
Which made Tony roll his eyes.
“Where are his training wheels?”
Fury didn’t look impressed.
“Better be nice to him, Tony. He’s the one that’s going to keep you alive the next few weeks.”
“No one is going to keep me alive,” Stark replied. “I’m not being threatened, and I don’t need Doogie Howser, here, to watch over me.”
“This isn’t open for discussion,” Fury said without a trace of amusement – and that iron glare that Tony wished that he could pull off. “Agent Parker will be your shadow for the foreseeable future. He will stay at your place, go to your tower with you when you’re working, and-“
“Is going to be with me when I’m taking a piss?” Tony interrupted. “I don’t-“
“When you’re taking a piss. When you’re showering, and even when you’re soundly sleeping in your bed dreaming about little Ironman dolls, or robots, or whatever it is that you dream about those few hours that you actually sleep.”
Tony scowled, mightily, but Fury and Romanoff neither one looked as if they were going to back down, and he finally sighed, and glanced over at the young agent.
“For how long?”
“Might only be a week,” Nick told him. “Romanoff is going to leave the country and take a peek. Get an eye on what we’re looking at.”
Stark arched an eyebrow.
“One eye?”
The SHIELD director didn’t look impressed, but the corner of Romanoff’s mouth twitched.
“For that, you can help Peter move into your place.”
“What? When?”
“What are you doing right now?”
The billionaire waited to see if he was going to smile, or wink (or would it be blinking since he only had one eye?) but Fury’s expression was challenging Tony to argue, and he would argue with almost everyone – except Nick, sometimes.
Like this time.
“Fine.” He looked at Peter. “Where do you live?”
“Queens.”
“Ugh. Seriously?”
The young man smirked.
“You’re not going to have to stay there,” he reminded the older man. “But you’ll be on your best behavior, or I’ll toss you out a window.”
Stark scowled and looked at Fury.
“He’s my bodyguard? He just threatened me.”
“I’d say he’s doing a fine job of making sure you understand the dynamics of the situation,” Nick said. “Peter isn’t here to be your friend, or a gofer, or even your confidant. His job is to make sure that you’re still alive at the end of the week.”
“And if I’m not?”
Peter shrugged.
“Then I’ll have to find some other superhero billionaire to baby-sit. I wonder if Justin Hammer is hiring…”
The scowl was thunderous, now, and Romanoff snorted her amusement.
“Play nice, Peter. Tony’s having a rough morning.”
“Sorry.”
He didn’t look sorry, Tony decided, only somewhat mollified.
“What are we talking about?” he asked Fury. “Moving him in, I mean? Furniture? Crib? Supply of juice boxes?”
“Your place has a guest room?” Nick asked, ignoring the implied insult to his agent.
Peter didn’t need his boss to stick up for him, after all.
“Yes.”
“Then he won’t need any furniture, will he?”
“We’ll figure it out on the way,” Peter assured him. He looked at Romanoff. “You’ll be in touch?”
“I will, or someone will,” she replied. “Coulson is your support on this.”
“Got it.”
Nick turned to Stark.
“An
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
bodyguard Peter
Tony is Ironman
Tony doesn't want a bodyguard
Peter is Spiderman but not everyone knows it
peter is a shield agent
Natasha is a badass
So Is Peter
Natasha knows Peter's secret
so does Nick
Starker
Slow Burn
Power Bottom Peter
possible switch Tony/Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

