Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“We could do this in the lab.  You know that, right?  This isn’t necessary.”  Phil stood off to the side of the bed, gaze glued to the wall.  
“I know it’s not necessary,” Skye told him with a roll of her eyes.  “I just refuse to do this like that.  It’s… just not for me.  That was never how I pictured this.”  
“You pictured this,” Phil asked, his eyes moving to her.  Damn that wall for being so boring, and double damn her tank top for being so tight.  Really tight, and with the air conditioning pumped up in here…  Well Phil had a vivid imagination, and he could almost feel her nipples between his teeth.  
“Not this per say … I mean… not conceiving a child for science… with my boss….  Nah, boss isn’t right,” Skye looked at him, thinking for a good, long time.    When she did that, got that look of deep focus, it made his body thrum with adrenaline. “Not my boss, with my AC.”  She reached out and stroked down his arms as she leaned in and wiggled her brow at him.  “Besides, this way we get to have sex and I don’t have to imagine you jerking off in a test-tube.”  Coulson shuddered, partially at the thought and partially because Skye’s hand ran over his chest.  “Did I mention how glad I am that we have this house?  Could you even imagine doing this at The Playground?”  Coulson had found them a safe house in Peru right on the water.  It was actually the kind of place that could be super romantic if you weren’t, you know, trying to make a love child with your significantly younger co-worker for the sake of science.  That was how it went, apparently, when you both had vital alien DNA in your blood.  They were the next step in evolution, that’s what Jemma had convinced them of and that was why they were here.  
“Glad you like it.  You… need anything?”  Coulson looked back down at her, trying damn hard to keep his eyes from her cleavage.  His hands felt too big, clumsy as he tried to convince himself that this could possibly end any way other than in ruins.  
“Well, I was thinking you’d want to start soon.”  He pulled away from her hand as she went to cup his cock through his pants.  He hadn’t taken his suit off yet, but as soon as they’d hit South America, Skye had immediately peeled off most of her clothes.  Phil already knew with some level of certainty that Skye would be his undoing.  If it weren’t likely to be his very last chance at a child, Phil would never have agreed to this.  Seeing as he was getting up there for an agent and he had no idea how the GH would work in him, he took the opportunity.  It was horribly selfish of him, but Coulson was kind of ok with that.  Everything had crumbled and the little family he’d collected were the only thing that had helped him make it through.  He did wonder why Skye said yes, though.  She was young.  She had her entire life ahead of her, plus this was going to put her out of the field for at least a year.  She couldn’t be happy about that.  Not to mention being saddled with co-parenting a kid with her boss.  
“Soon, yes… soon,” Phil nodded, reaching up to loosen his tie and trying to gain a little space.  She was close.  She was really close, and Coulson’s heart was pounding because it felt like her scent was leeching into his pores.  Light, sort of powdery wafts of her reached him as her hair brushed his arm.  Even through the layers of fabric, his nerve endings jumped.  
“Let me.”  Skye’s fingers went to his neck, slowly loosening the tie, tugging back and forth at the knot as she filled his space again.  She looked up at him through her lashes, those big eyes painfully earnest.  “You look nervous.”  
“I am,” Coulson told her without reservation.  It would do no good to lie, after all.  Skye knew him too well. 
“I don’t bite.”  Skye winked at him, “unless you want me to.”  The stupid joke got a laugh out of Phil and he felt a little better.  The tension bent a bit, and he was able to catch a full breath.  “You don’t have to be nervous, Coulson.  It’s just sex.”  
“Just…”  He was frustrated with her, but couldn’t hold it against her because… well, it was Skye!  “Yeah.  Just sex.”  Phil rolled his eyes.  He wasn’t the type of guy to put the word just in front of sex very often, and with Skye, he knew it was going to be anything but sex.  At the very least it was the first time he’d had sex since he died.  That brought on a whole other level of strange.  Her fingers opened his shirt, tie already pulled from his neck.  They were a little chilly as she ran her hands up under his jacket to push it off his shoulders.  
“You wear too many clothes.”  Skye leaned in and kissed his jaw.  "We’re in Peru.”  She kissed his throat, eliciting a thick swallow from him.  He thought about the scrape of his stubble against her soft lips and shifted closer.  "Ditch the suits, AC.”  Skye tossed his jacket on the chair, turning back to size him up.  
“I happen to like my suits.”  Coulson’s hand came to her hip, nervous but steady.  Her shorts clung to her thigh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Melinda May
Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Leo Fitz & Jemma Simmons
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse

freeform: 
Older Man/Younger Woman
Boss/Employee Relationship
Nerves
Pregnancy
For Science!
Explicit Sexual Content
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
New Relationship
First Time
Outdoor Sex
Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
In Public
Breast Play
Public Sex
Rough Sex
Spanking
Unprotected Sex
deep penetration
sore sex
Woman on Top
Sex Positive
Miscarriage
False Pregnancy
Drunken Flirting
attempted non-con
Coulson is a good guy
Angry Sex
female orgasm
Squirting
Multiple Orgasms
Injury
Pregnant Sex
Lactation
Breastfeeding
Adult Breastfeeding
Supportive partner
baby naming
pregnancy hormones
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Pregnancy Kink
Body Worship
Difficult Pregnancy
Birth
Difficult Labor
Phone Sex
powered people
Inhumans - Freeform
Kidfic
Sexual Harrasment
Violence
Character Death
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Rape/Non-con Elements
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Kidnapping
Childhood Trauma
Sick Child

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Melinda May
Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Leo Fitz & Jemma Simmons
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse

