Work Text:
From the tent, Gabe’s low moan is audible.  Bucky’s response—a weak, shaking gasp—follows immediately after.“That’s four,” Monty says, shifting on the relatively dry brush, his hands now clutching his thighs rather than held out toward the fire.  “He’ll be feeling that in the morning.”Steve and Monty have the night’s first watch.  They’re stationed in the Alps, everyone packed together in one large tent instead of the doubles they usually carry.  It would help to ward off hypothermia, the SSR had said.  Steve doubted this was what they’d had in mind.It had started nearly two hours ago.  Bucky had been complaining of the cold—thanks to the serum, the conversations in the tent are crystal clear even when Steve’s yards away and in heavy wind—when Dugan had taken it upon himself to shut the sniper up.  With his mouth, judging from the sound of it.  From there, the noises had grown louder and darker until Steve and Monty were fidgeting around the fire and the others in the tent were grumbling and throwing things at the interruption of their sleep.It hadn’t taken long for them to come around, though.  By the time Bucky and Dugan finished—with a cry of “Wa-hoo” they were lucky didn’t bring an avalanche down on all their heads—Gabe and Dernier had already started up.From there on out, it got a little murky as to exactly what was going on behind that canvas cloth, but Steve caught Bucky’s sated sigh three more times: from Jim, from Dernier, and now from Gabe.It was torture to listen to, all of it, but the sweetest kind of torment.  Steve’s been aching in his suit for well over an hour now, in spite of the freezing winds.  He’d credit the serum, but Monty’s in the same boat.  Steve blames Dernier’s filthy mouth.“Here to relieve you, Cap.”Steve turns away from the fire to find Dugan and Jim striding out of the tent.  They’re flushed but otherwise composed.  He can’t help but grin.  “You’re here to relieve me?  Or will they do that inside?”Dugan just grins.“It was your boy’s idea,” Jim says, lighting up a cigarette.  “Maybe not the most restful, but it did a hell of a lot for morale.”“Any noise out here?” Dugan asks, settling down by the fire.“Not that I’d have heard it over your festivities,” Monty says, “but no.”In the tent, Bucky’s sprawled on top of Gabe, eyes half shut.  He’s still struggling to even his breathing, but he smiles and reaches out to Steve.“We’ve got a train to catch in the morning, Buck.”  His tone is stern, but Bucky sees right through it.“But it’s cold, Steve,” he whines.  “Warm me up.”Steve tries to look as though he might not acquiesce.  “I don’t think you’ve got another one in you.”“Shut up me up then.”  Bucky’s hand closes on the canvas of Steve’s pant leg, tugging him forward.  “C’mon.”“I’d better not hear a word out of you when we head out at dawn,” Steve warns, unbuttoning his fly.  Monty’s already slipping into the sheets beside Dernier.“Sir, yes sir.”  Bucky’s eyes are sparkling as he scrambles to his knees.*“What about you, Cap?” Rumlow asks, stretching his legs in the Quinjet.  “You got any weekend plans?”“Hmm?”  Steve isn’t letting his eyes travel the length of Rumlow’s thighs, isn’t noticing the way his legs have fallen a little wider open with the stretch.  Definitely not imagining the body behind Rumlow’s belt buckle.  That would be inappropriate.“Rogers.”  Rollins is waving his hand in Steve’s line of sight.  He smacks Rumlow on the thigh with his movements—none too gently, judging by Rumlow’s grunt—a frown on his face.  “Can I help you?”“Oh.  Uh.”  Steve averts his eyes, shaking his head at himself.  There’s a time and a place, Rogers. And in this century, it’s not on the clock with his coworkers.  Particularly not when three of his four teammates are in relationships, two of them with each other.  He gives a sheepish smile that does little to brighten Rollins’s expression.  “Sorry.  Just thinking.  No, I don’t have any plans.”Some things were simpler during the war.  Initiating a round of post-victory sex was definitely one of them.  None of the Commandos had been attached save for Steve himself, and he’d had an understanding with Peggy.  They’d spent months cut off from the world they knew, behind enemy lines, homesick and dizzy with adrenaline.Nowadays they spend a week at most in the field before returning to familiarity.  Anders has her boyfriend and Rumlow and Rollins have each other.  And as the team lead, it’s probably inappropriate to think about what his subordinates look like flushed and rolling in the sheets anyway.  There’s a whole world of people out there looking for casual sex and the Internet makes arranging a fling even easier.Except even a year after coming out the ice, Steve’s still struggling to adjust to the world he woke to.  Sometimes it’s exhausting just to haul himself out of bed, let alone arrange a hookup online.  Sometimes he wants a friend, not a stranger, and there are so few people left on Earth that view him as Steve Rogers instead of Cap
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Hydra Agents

freeform: 
Crack
Humor
Valentine's Day
Covert Pervert Steve Rogers
Intercrural Sex
Fucking Machines
Multiple Orgasms
Jealousy
Bisexual Character
Trans Character
Asexual Character
Redemption
Polyamory
Orgy
Homophobia
Internalized Homophobia
Dammit Westfahl

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Hydra Agents

