Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Yelena had just gotten a job working here on campus in the Ethics department. I had agreed to bring her lunch this Wednesday, wanting to make sure she didn’t skip out on it like she normally did. Every time she got focused on something, she somehow managed to forget that food was important. I had never really set foot in the Ethics building, but it was nice. Not as nice as the Art building but perhaps that was my own bias. I was trying to find Yelena’s office when I stumbled upon one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen. She was talking to someone that I presume was a student and her smile lit up the dim hallways. Her laugh bouncing off the corridors as her hazel eyes land on me. I can see the confusion on her face, having never seen me in the building before. I did my best to avert my eyes, trying to look anywhere but her and desperately trying not to look like I was lost. Leave it to Yelena to not tell me where her office was in this building and get me into this situation. And fuck my life, of course this tall glass of a gorgeous woman was walking over to me. Fuck, fuck, fuck, why the fuck couldn’t she have given me her office?
 
“Hello, I haven’t seen you in here before, are you lost? Can I help you find someone?” She asked with the most beautiful fucking smile.

“Uh yeah, I usually hang out with the cool kids in the Art department.” I said with a nervous laugh.

“So what brings you up here to the land of reality? A lunch date?” She asked, raising an eyebrow.

“Reality is subjective, just like art.” I said with a scoff.

“Of course you would say that.” She said with a laugh.

“Is that supposed to be some sort of insult?” I asked.

“Take it as you will Mrs.?” She asked.

“Ms. Romanoff.” I corrected her.

“Ah, take it as you will, 

Ms.

 Romanoff.” She said, tilting her head to the side. 

“Right. Uh, can you help me find my sister? She’s new. Yelena?” I asked, nervously scratching the back of my neck.

“Yelena? Of course. Let me walk you to her office.” She said with a nod.

“Why do you sound surprised that Lena is my sister?” I asked with a frown.

“Well, for starters, she’s cute.” She said with a laugh as she turned to start walking to Yelena’s office.
 
What the fuck was that supposed to mean? Now all of a sudden, I wasn’t cute. I wasn’t cocky and my ego wasn’t huge, but I knew that I was at the very least, cute. So what the fuck was she saying that for? I shook my thoughts and started following her, still annoyed by the fact that she said that I wasn’t cute. 
 
“Oh stop your pouting.” She said with a look over her shoulder.

“I’m not pouting. Confused, yes. But not pouting.” I said, rolling my eyes.

“Relax, Ms. Romanoff, you’re not cute, you’re hot.” She said with a wink.
 
The wink almost made me trip over my feet, thank God it was only almost. I would never be able to live that down if she had watched me trip over myself because of something she said. We approached a closed door and I gave her a confused look.
 
“This is your sister’s office. Mine is across the hall if you were curious. That’s how I know where her office is. I’ll leave you to your little sister lunch you two have planned. I look forward to seeing you around more often, Ms. Romanoff.” She said with a wink.
 
I had no words, absolutely none. What was I supposed to say to that? That I want to fuck her in her office on her desk and tell her to stay quiet so Yelena wouldn’t hear her? I couldn’t do that. But my God was this woman gorgeous. The way her hair flowed down her back, the smile that was softly resting on her lips, it was completely ridiculous that she could look like this. She left me with a nod and I let out a breath as I reached forward to knock on the door. 
 
“Come in!” She called to me and I opened her door.

“You know, you could’ve told me where your office was.” I said, rolling my eyes as I shut the door behind me.

“Now why would I do that? That would mean you’ll actually find me.” She said with a laugh.

“I ran into the hot redhead whose office is across from yours.” I said, sitting in one of the chairs. 

“Oh, Wanda? You think she’s hot?” She asked with a frown.

“You don’t?” I asked, passing her the food I brought. 

“I guess? She’s the department head though. So it’s not like I can bang my boss.” She said with a shrug.

“I mean, you can, but I would prefer that you don’t because I really want to.” I said with a laugh.

“Dude, gross. I’m trying to eat.” She said with a groan. 

“Well, it’s not going to happen. There’s no way in hell that woman would ever want to date me let alone fuck me.” I said with a shrug, stuffing food into my mouth. 

“Why would you say that?” She asked with a frown.

“Maybe you don’t see this because you don’t want to fuck your boss, but that woman is beyond fucking hot. Something that I am not. Plus we kind of got off to a weird start.” I said with a sigh. 

“Weird how?” She asked, eating her own food. 

“I don’t know. It was just weird. There was like thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Fluff and Smut
Fluff and Angst
Poetry
Eventual Smut
Awesome Wanda Maximoff
Protective Natasha Romanov
POV Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Natasha Romanov Feels
BAMF Yelena Belova
Protective Wanda Maximoff
Lesbian Wanda Maximoff
BAMF Wanda Maximoff
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Lesbian Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff

