Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
There’s something to be said about getting picked up by a private driver and taken to Stark Tower straight from school. That something is simple… it’s really, really cool. As they pull into the private garage beneath Stark Tower, Peter Parker grabs his backpack and unbuckles his seat belt. The window between the front and back of the car rolls down and Happy Hogan looks back at him with a smile and a nod.
 
“You good to go from here, kid?”
 
“Yep! Thanks for the ride Happy!”
 
“Any time kid.”
 
His and Happy’s relationship might have started out a little rocky at first, but these days the older man seemed to view him in a new light. It was a lot better than it had been in the past, when Happy had looked at Peter with exasperation and irritation more often than not. But then, Peter liked to think he’d matured a lot since they’d first met. In truth though, Happy’s change in attitude probably had a lot more to do with Peter saving the universe than any maturing on Peter’s part…
 
As he steps into the elevator that will take him to his mentor, Peter can’t help but smile when a familiar feminine voice sounds out from above his head.
 
“Welcome back to Stark Tower, Peter. You have been missed.”
 
Peter ducks his head bashfully at that, before speaking up at the ceiling.
 
“Ah, c’mon Fri, I was only gone for a couple days.”
 
The amusement in the AI’s voice as Friday responds is obvious, even as she manages to convey a simple heartfelt tone with her words.
 
“A couple of days too long, Mr. Parker.”
 
Peter just smiles fondly at that. He interned at Stark Tower around five days a week at this point. Specifically, Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and the weekends as well, most of the time. Tuesdays and Thursdays were set aside for other things, like afterschool activities and such. Of course, there was also his nightly gig as a superhero to take into account, which also sometimes shortened his time at the tower on any given day, if something serious was happening that needed the attention of Spider-Man.
 
Regardless, having an AI missing his presence was… a distinctly odd feeling. Not an unpleasant one of course, Peter enjoyed Friday’s company quite a lot, and every time he came to the tower, they had a chat. It wasn’t cheating on Karen when Karen was a simpler sort of AI then Friday was. From how Peter understood it, Karen was more a set of protocols than anything else. Friday though… Friday was practically her own intelligence.
 
“… Should I assume you wish to commune with the Creator first and foremost, Peter? Or would you prefer to head directly to the lab?”
 
Blinking at that for a moment, Peter ultimately shakes his head.
 
“Send me to her, Fri. I wouldn’t be much of an intern if I just ignored the woman I’m interning for, now would I?”
 
Though Friday doesn’t have a body, Peter can almost feel her silently dipping her virtual head in acknowledgment to his words, even as the elevator, which had been moving slowly before, starts to speed up. It’s barely noticeable, and to any normal human being it wouldn’t be even that… but ever since he was bitten by that spider, Peter’s senses have been heightened, enhanced if you will.
 
As such, he can tell that Friday has stopped purposefully slowing down the elevator for their talk and brought it up to full speed. In mere moments, it comes to a stop again and there’s a satisfying ding as Peter arrives at the top floor of Stark Tower, the penthouse. He’s a little surprised, because normally his mentor is down in one of the labs when he arrives, but it’s not that unusual that he questions it or anything like that.
 
Before opening the doors, Friday pipes up one more time.
 
“Have fun, Peter… and when you have a moment, I could use your help with something, alright? No rush.”
 
Before Peter has a chance to question Friday on that, or on the fact that her tone sounds almost embarrassed, the doors to the elevator open up and Peter finds the words catching in his throat as he sees the back profile of his mentor. Antionette Edwina Stark. Toni for short. Mrs. Stark when you wanted to be respectful, which Peter always did.
 
Stepping out of the elevator, Peter can’t help the way his eyes feast over the revolutionary inventor’s form. Intellectually, Peter is well aware that Toni is over fifty years old chronologically. She’s old enough to be his mother… but she doesn’t look it. Peter is probably one of the few people the world over who’s aware of the specifics in that regard. Toni Stark doesn’t look a day over twenty-five and hasn’t for some time now… all because of Extremis.
 
The exact circumstances of how it all had happened, and the damage Adrian Killian and AIM had caused didn’t really bear thinking about in young Peter’s humble opinion. But he very much cared for Mrs. Stark and by extension Pepper as well, so he’d at the very least educated himself on the aftermath and the consequences of said aftermath. Killian died… Toni and Pepper lived. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Toni Stark
Peter Parker/FRIDAY
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker/Felicia Hardy
Peter Parker/Wanda Maximoff
Peter Parker/Pepper Potts
Peter Parker/Jessica Jones

freeform: 
Harem
Rough Sex
Threesome - F/F/M
Anal Sex
BDSM
AI sex
Dom/sub
Older Woman/Younger Man

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Toni Stark
Peter Parker/FRIDAY
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker/Felicia Hardy
Peter Parker/Wanda Maximoff
Peter Parker/Pepper Potts
Peter Parker/Jessica Jones

