Work Text:
Charles scanned the syllabus, snapping open his the section of his binder labeled for the class he was currently in and slid it into the first page protector. The professor continued rambling, having gone from the syllabus to attendance and punctuality when Charles felt himself start to flush.He exhaled slowly, bringing his knuckles up to feel his cheek and forehead in the hope that his hands would cool his face. The heat started to creep down his neck at the same time he felt a dull pain stirring in his chest. He shook his head, wiping sweat from his upper lip and squinting at the projector in an attempt to focus on the chart for the professor's office hours.His heart gave a strong, wrenching thud that Charles felt pulse through his entire body. He sucked in a sharp breath through his nose, squirming reflexively and nearly giving himself a heart attack when he felt something slick between his thighs and asscheeks. His skin rubbed easily against itself, trousers growing damp and the warmth in his body rising to an ache.Charles sucked his lower lip between his teeth, biting down harshly to try and stifle the groan that snuck its way out of his throat. He ducked his head down, ears picking up the sharp and surprised sniff of one of the students nearby. Charles shifted in his seat, wincing at the wetness between his legs. He'd lubricated before during a few intense wanking sessions, but never had it begun on its own - never had it been so bad.The only thing to which Charles could attribute his growing state of delirious arousal was that his Alpha was near, making Charles' body instinctively react.Charles' cock twitched in his trousers, pulse roaring in his ears. He shuddered, blearily blinking his eyes open when he heard the classroom door burst open.His gaze connected with the wild-eyed stare of Erik Lehnsherr - the Engineering Major who was known across campus as one of the most prodigious, violent, and arrogant students in the entire University.  Charles had never met him, just seen photos of the things that he and his rowdy group of friends had gotten up to in previous years.Charles had also never felt his entire body shudder in pure, unmitigated desire from just a single look, either. Lehnsherr's nostril's flared and the professor stuttered to a halt in his lecture, looking between Lehnsherr hovering in the doorway and Charles' row. Charles forced himself to sit up; thighs nearly squelching at the action. Lehnsherr tensed; back rigid and chest expanding with a deep and heavy inhale through his nose before he released a low, possessive growl.Two young men in Charles' row scrambled out of their seats and Charles' entire body flared with lust."A-Alpha?" He gasped, bringing a hand up to wipe his sweating forehead. Lehnsherr snapped into action at the sound of Charles' voice, stalking across the room with determination. Charles struggled to get out of his seat, hurrying to stand when the reality of the situation hit him.Erik Lehnsherr was his Alpha.Erik Lehnsherr was here to claim him.Erik Lehnsherr was going to do it in the middle of the classroom full of his peers."Alph- Erik, Erik wait!" Charles blurted, tripping over his chair as Erik advanced. Erik paused only when another Alpha - a gruff, older student - stood in his way. Charles took this moment to try and grab his school supplies while the two Alphas confronted one another.Erik snarled, teeth gnashing, and looking close to animalistic, every muscle quivering with the desire to give into the instinct of tearing down the opposing man. The other Alpha tensed, backing out of the way before Charles could even sling his school bag over his shoulders.Charles tried to get out of the aisle before Erik reached him, but his knees were weak and each breath gave him a strong whiff of Erik's scent  that made his head reel. He stumbled, biting down on a whimper when Erik's hand reached out and grabbed his bicep to drag him forward."Mine," Erik rumbled gruffly, hands moving to dig into Charles' hair and hold his head in place. Charles keened, gasping for air and arching up into Erik's cooling touch -- mouth wide and practically begging when Erik swooped down to kiss him with a possessive snarl.Erik pressed into Charles, walking him back until there was the edge of a desk pressing into the back of Charles' thighs. Erik growled, hands drifting down to firmly grip the smaller man's bottom and haul him up onto the desk. Charles squeaked out a groan, hands pawing at anywhere he could touch on Erik's body. His underwear was nearly soaked through, cock so hard it was close to being trapped between his belly and the elastic band of his boxers."Are they going to fuck?" Charles vaguely heard someone saying - which was followed by a chorus of wolf whistles from various classmates. Charles wanted to push Erik away, to coax his Alpha somewhere more secluded, but instead he moaned shamelessly when Erik's fingers slid forcefully between the cheeks of his ass, pressing his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Public Sex

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

