Chapter 1: Introduction
    


Summary:

This a continuation of the story 'No More Heroes - a Purge Night Story'.A crossover of the Purge universe and the worlds created by the Marvel and DC universes as well as other's from movies and TV. A world where the heroes never came to pass and where murder, rape and every type of crime is legal one night per year. In this place, men of power and wealth come together every Purge night to indulge their darker whims. Unfortunately, in this world of no superheroes, there is no one to protect the women who might draw their attention. Even women of power and influence can find themselves at these mad men’s mercy.



Notes:
Warning: this story contains very dark elements such as rape, murder, torture, and kidnapping. It will most likely be graphic at times. It features characters (most likely well liked ones) from the MCU and DCEU movies/TV shows being treated very poorly.Please note: When I put the warnings of Graphic Depictions of Violence, Major Character Deaths, and Rape/Non-Con, I MEAN IT!!! I see many stories that have these warnings and are the most lukewarm tame stories with none of those elements. I MEAN IT!!!!Read at your own risk.




Chapter Text
The site has a limit of 75 tags for a story which this story was hitting and I like calling out each fandom and character. So I created this as a part two and rolled them under a Series called the Purge Crossover. I doubt I will need a part 3 but we will see how it goes. Additional chapters are after this intro continuing the story. Author’s note: This is a cross-over of the Purge universe with the Marvel and DC universes and others. This is an alternate universe story. It assumes certain differences and changes in history, such as that most of the heroes never came to be in this dimension. This is mostly a convenience so I don’t have to explain where the heroes are during this story and why Thor and Superman never show up to rescue their lady loves. As examples, Tony Stark never becomes Iron Man; Thor never comes to Earth; Captain America is never found and thawed out. So, Justin Hammer is never arrested and Obadiah Stane is never killed. Oliver Queen never returns from being lost at sea so Laurel Lance remains a district attorney; Lois Lane never meets Superman as he never comes to Earth, Bruce Wayne doesn't become Batman and so Kate Kane never takes on that crime fighting persona. Peter Parker is never bitten by a radioactive spider and remains a nerdy loser and never attracts the attention of Gwen Stacy or Mary Jane Watson.Basically, none of the superheroes from these movies ever emerges as such.If you don't know the basic plot of the Purge movie series (why are you reading this I wonder), but here is a primer...The annual Purge: One night a year, from 7 PM to 7 AM, all laws are suspended. All forms of criminal activity from rape to murder to theft are permissible. The cast of men who will appear throughout are:Obadiah Stane; Lex Luthor; Adrian Veidt; Darren Cross; Justin Hammer;

Aldrich Killian; Norman Osborne; Damien Darhk; and Maxwell Lord
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Snuff
Maledom
Murder
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape
Torture

fandom: 
None
