Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You can see stars here.” Bucky tilted his head back a little as he drank the last of his beer. The docks had long since gone quiet, just him and Sam left behind. They’d stopped messing around with the boat when night fell, but neither of them was making a move to head back to the house.
“Yeah, guess there aren’t so many in Brooklyn. You know you can come back here any time, man,” Sam replied.
Bucky did know that. He’d wound up in Delacroix four times now, and everyone had always made him welcome, but he couldn’t just keep tagging along with Sam after every mission like something the cat dragged in. And he had a feeling that he ought to give Sarah a little breathing room, after she’d shut him down – kindly, and possibly a little regretfully – when he’d dropped some awkward hints about maybe taking her out sometime. “You are a damn fine catch, Bucky. But I’m not… I’ve gotta keep my focus on the boys, and the business, right now.” He’d seen the way her eyes cut over to the framed photo of her late husband, though, and he’d understood. Getting turned down by a widow who wasn’t ready to date: it had to be a little better than getting set up by an elderly neighbour and then walking out halfway through the evening, but either way, he was feeling a bit like he was on two strikes so far. Maybe he wasn’t ready.
 
Shaking off the train of thought, he was about to suggest they call it a night when he heard a ringtone and saw Torres’ name come up on Sam’s phone. Well, a mission would be a distraction from his sad lack of a private life, anyhow.
“Hey,” Sam said into the phone. “What’s up?”
Enhanced hearing and the fact that he and Sam were only a couple of feet apart meant that Bucky could hear Torres’ end of the call pretty well. “Just got off a call with the new director of SWORD and she’s hoping to get a few extra hands on deck for a situation they’ve got outside of Alexandria.”
“Please god tell me you mean Alexandria, Louisiana and not Alexandria…” Sam broke off, looking like he was searching his brain for something.
“Egypt,” Bucky supplied. “Alexandria’s in Egypt. Great library, wonder of the world.”
“Egypt,” Sam echoed, rolling his eyes so hard it looked like it had to hurt. “This better not be Egypt, Joaquin.”
“No, no, I meant the one in Louisiana,” Torres replied quickly. “I figured since you guys are close by…”
“If you call a four-hour drive ‘close by’. What kinda situation are we talking about?”
“It’s, uh… I’m not sure, to tell you the truth. Captain Rambeau – or, I guess I should say, Director Rambeau – said she didn’t want it to turn into an Air Force jurisdiction thing. But I’m getting the vibe that it’s something weird.”
Bucky just nodded when Sam sighed and raised an eyebrow his way. He didn’t know much about SWORD, or their director, and Torres having a ‘vibe that it’s something weird’ meant nothing at all, but it was something to do. And Torres was probably right that there wouldn’t be anybody closer.
“Alright,” Sam said, turning his attention back to the phone. “Tomorrow morning good, or is this a ‘jump in the truck right now’ kinda situation?”
“Tomorrow’s fine,” Torres replied. “I’m sending you the info now. Let me know if you guys need any help on my end.”
“Got it.” Sam ended the call and shook his head. “Not that he’s not helpful, but you know Torres is just dying to find out what this is about.”
“Least he didn’t ask if we were gonna go to the moon and get Steve,” Bucky replied, about to tip his beer bottle up to his mouth before remembering that it was already empty. “If Steve knew how many people believed that, he’d be having a good laugh.”
“C’mon,” Sam replied, standing up and sticking his phone in his pocket. “Let’s head back and call it a night. Something tells me it’s gonna be a long day tomorrow.”
 
 
They left at the crack of dawn, slipping out of the house like cat burglars so as not to wake up Sarah and the boys. “Want me to drive?” Bucky asked.
“I’ve seen the way you treat motorcycles, man. You ain’t driving my truck. You can buy the coffee on the way, though.”
After pausing at a drive-thru for breakfast sandwiches and a couple of the largest coffees they had, most of the trip was on the interstate. Traffic was light once they got clear of New Orleans, and the ride was mostly quietly except for Sam’s playlist: Marvin Gaye, The Temptations, The Supremes, and a few more of the artists that Sam was always trying to ‘educate’ Bucky about. As much as Bucky liked to rile Sam up by pretending that he only liked ‘40s music, he actually quite liked Motown. It was different than what he’d grown up with, true, but not so different that he couldn’t picture taking a dame – a woman – out dancing to it. He wasn’t sure yet what he thought of the kinds of music that were actually current these days: so many different styles and some of it was abrasive enough to make him aware of every single day of what Sam had once referred to as his ‘overextended life’. He was trying, though. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Doctor Darcy Lewis
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Science
Falling In Love
Vibranium (Marvel)
Eventual Smut
Bucky Barnes Feels
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Slow Burn
Fluff and Smut
POV Alternating
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Kidnapped Darcy Lewis
Happy Ending
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Jewish Darcy Lewis
Christmas
Hanukkah
Domestic Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

