Chapter 1: Harry Potter
    




Chapter Text
Harry watches Abrany tease Alex, a half smile forming on his face. Dudley's dæmon Alexandra settled as a micro-pig while Harry was away at school and the wizard's two-year-settled Husky dæmon has been enjoying scaring the smaller soul.'Ran!' He shouts, seeing his uncle approaching. 'Let's go do homework.'She yips, bounding over Alex and heading up to their room. Harry sees Dudley shaking as they pass. Harry is torn between rolling his eyes and apologising. They weren't doing anything worse than Alex had done in the past but that doesn't mean they can be rude.'Don't start.' Ran says from his bed and he closes the door.'Wasn't going to.' Harry says, getting his homework from under the floorboards, despite planning to say something.She yips. 'Yeah right. I know you and your little hero complex.'He throws his textbook at the bed next to her. Abrany jumps, growling. Harry sits next to her, stroking her head and opening the textbook. Abrany's eyes follow the writing as Harry moves his hand, pretending he has his wand. They whisper the incantation together, having learnt long ago that Ran could help the magic.They work better together, anyway.'We shouldn't've left.'Amiko looks across the room at Ron, who sighs. They've been at Bill and Fleur's for several weeks now and spent most of the time in the guest suite. She lays in the chair while he sits on the bed, watching each other.'No, we shouldn't've but it's too late now. Besides, what good can I do?'She scowls, the ape equivalent, anyway. 'Nothing with that attitude. Grow up, Ronald.'He scowls back. 'You just miss Aklatan.'Amiko hisses, sitting up in her seat. 'Like you don't miss Hermione.'The two of them glare at each other, human and dæmon not saying a sound.'...Ron...'Their eyes instantly goes to the radio but the voice isn't coming from there. Ron fishes in his pocket, pulling out the Deluminator.'...broke his wand, crashing...'Amiko wonders over, taking the put-outer from her human and clicking it. The lamp goes out and, outside his room, pulses a bright blue portkey-like light.They look at each other before moving as one. They pack in lightening speed, Amiko's humanoid hands helping a great deal.'This is it?' She questions, swing up onto his back.'This is it.' Ron replies, smiling.Aklatan, no matter what Harry is teaching, always scuttles to the side during DA meetings. He does this in class as well, if they are sat near a window. Hermione usually finishes before her classmates and watching through the squirrel's eyes provides them with some entertainment.A silver otter passes by his eyes and he laughed, jumping over to his human. She scoops him up, resting him on her shoulder.'See anything interesting, Ak?' Hermione speaks out of the corner of her mouth.Ak leans into her ear to whisper. 'Neville almost got it. It was solid for just a second.''And?' She says, waving her wand to make her otter fly around said boys head for a moment. He smiles at her and she smiles back. Tentara, still unsettled, and turns into a bird to wave a wing.'A mongoose. Maybe Tara will be one too.'The otter patronus knocks into the squirrel. 'Not likely.'Aklatan bites her ear, crawling down her arm. Hermione bends, letting him reach the floor and run off. He jumps onto the windowsill, watching again. Amiko lopes past, running next to a silver terrier. They smile at each other.Hermione glares and Ak laughs.Ginny pushes her broom, not a very fast model but good enough for her, around the bend, trying to outfly her own dæmon. Doiteain flutters in front of her face, his wings crooking mockingly. She ducks her head, flying underneath him and the falcon twists. To no avail, he flies after her, screeching as she crosses the line.'Sore loser.' Ginny says as they land. Doiteain flies to her shoulder, resting against her head and looking upwards. Harry flies above them, instructing the rest of the team, Abrany nestled against his chest.'Stop looking.' She whispers, pulling his head down. He nips at her fingers and she flicks his beak.'I'll stop when you stop.' He mutters back and she chuckles, turning away from the pitch. Harry's focusing on the beater's so she isn't needed at this practice. She only turn up to race Doiteain and, subtly, watch Harry.'You're not very subtle, you know.' Her dæmon says, chuckling.'Neither are you.' Ginny laughs back, shrugging her shoulder to throw him into the air. He hovers next to her.'We'll get them, Gin. Don't worry.'She smirks at him and winks. 'Oh, I'm not worried. I know I'll get him.'Luna sits in the forest, watching Yuniku play with the Thestrals. The small red panda jumps from skeletal horse to skeletal horse, pulling faces at the calves and making sure to fuss the pregnant mothers. Every so often, she will hop over to her human, take some food from Luna's bag and jump away, offering meat or apples to the younger Thestrals.'Nik?' She calls, watching the sun set. 'I think we need to go.'The dæmon pouts, a pur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe- Daemons

fandom: 
None
