Work Text:
“Get off me , Thor! You’re hurting me!” Loki struggled beneath his brother’s grip, face turned to the side to avoid getting a mouthful of dirt. His brother had pinned him again, pulled his arms behind his back and forced Loki down into the floor of the sparring ring. Loki was tired of this now. Thor had promised to teach him to fight, give him some pointers so his brother would be able to silence his critics with a show of force. It seemed now to Loki that Thor was not interested in teaching him but only showing off his own prowess. “You are too delicate, brother.” Thor laughed in his ear. “If this were Sif under me she would have flipped me by now and have her hands at my throat. You lack muscle.” Loki stiffened under him. “Do not compare me to your woman.” He spat. Thor’s hold on him relaxed and he felt his brother’s weight lift from his back. There was a scuffing sound as Thor got to his feet. “Sif is not my woman.” He said guardedly. “She is my friend, Loki.” Loki rolled over, looking up at his hulking brute of a brother and frowned at him. “You talk about her so much, I assumed you wanted her to be your woman.” He said testingly, waiting to see what Thor would say to that, if there would be a blush on those handsome cheeks but Thor only shook his head, laughing good naturedly. “You sound jealous, little one. I talk about her as much as any of my friends. Do you think I wish Fandral to be mine too?” He asked, offering his hand to help Loki to his feet. It was Loki’s turn to blush now. “Thor, do not make such jokes.” He chastised his brother. “You know that is forbidden. It is…” He searched for the word that he had heard their father use. “It is unnatural.” Loki had not been spying, he would not call it that but he had watched his father discipline two of his warriors that he had caught together that way. He could remember the shame on the men’s faces, how they had begged for it to be kept a secret and how his father had been lenient to them. One of them was married now, Loki knew. His father had found a way to cure their perversion for unnatural acts. Thor’s face clouded for a moment as if he was considering Loki’s words and then he smiled broadly. “So now you see how wrong it would be for me to take Sif as my woman? She is like another man in arms to me!” Loki tried not to remember the way those warriors had found comfort in each other’s arms and only nodded in reply to his brother. This topic was not one he found easy. Thor would find a woman eventually. He was sixteen and strong, handsome. He was the future King of Asgard. He might already have women. There were those enough who threw themselves at him and Thor could have indulged if he’d wished, it would have been right for him to have done so. Loki was his younger brother, unimportant in the scheme of things now that Thor was strong and righteous. Thor was like their father, a great fighter and one day a great leader while Loki thought if he took after either of his parents it would be their mother. She was the soft hand behind the throne, leading them, guiding them but without the pomp and circumstance of his father. Loki’s talents, as he had been told many a time before, were all woman’s talents – magic, manipulation, clever words. Maybe that was why he did not look favourably at women, did not feel the desire for them that his fellows did even when he knew they were comely. It might by why he instead desired the force of a man. It was his secret shame and one he planned forever to keep secret. He would not indulge for there was no one he could indulge with. If the second son of the King were found in such an entrapment then it would be the biggest scandal to ever befall them. Loki knew not what his father would do to him but he did not imagine he would be merciful. Loki was not a simple solider who could be ordered to break from his sordid affairs; he was a member of the royal family and in the public eye. Any punishment would have to be fitting and permanent. He swallowed down the fear that stuck like ice in his throat and rubbed at his shoulder. “I think you have left a bruise, Thor.” He complained, rubbing at the spot more vigorously. Anything to keep his mind from his secret. He had thought of it so when Thor had been atop of him, his heavy weight delicious upon him and Loki felt a shame magnified a hundred times by the knowledge that he was feeling those things for his brother.  In many ways he was shielded from the other Asgardians. He did not have friends like Thor had, he only had Thor. His brother had been his comparison for masculinity since Loki could remember and he had looked and watched as Thor matured and fallen in lust with his brother’s body that had filled out so handsomely. “Delicate.” Thor snorted again, slapping him on the back and Loki winced. “Come, take your shirt off and I will see. There is ointment kept for such pains.” With trembling fingers Loki gripped the hem of his shirt and pulled it over his head, cast
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
First Time
Virginity
Power Dynamics
Frottage
Fingerfucking
Incest
Underage Character
Underage Sex

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

