Chapter 1: Down to the Wire
    


Summary:

“The rules are simple,” the voice announces. “The second Peter lets go of the wires, the restraints around him will release. He’s free to go. Of course, Tony will have broken every bone in his body by then, but it’ll be fun to see how much pain your intern is willing to go through before that happens.”-----------------------------------Quentin Beck returns and puts Tony's life—and some barbed wire—into Peter's hands.



Notes:
Welcome to Whumptober 2021! 31 prompts in 31 days, let's go! Things to know about this fic:1) Chapters are all set in the same magical post-Endgame AU where no one is dead and the Avengers live as a happy family in the Tower2) A couple of the chapters get pretty dark but I will put TWs at the beginning of each chapter as needed, and every single one of them has a happy ending3) There's no character bashing. Civil War still happened in this AU but the Avengers have long since moved past that and made up. Day 1 Prompts: "You have to let go"/Barbed Wire/Bound TWs: There's no self-harm in this fic, but there is graphic imagery of wire cutting into wrists and arms

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Really, Peter’s had better days.

 Like the day he had saved Dr. Pipp’s cat from the window ledge, and the doctor had filled his pockets with the reception’s secret supply of candy. Or when he had scored the last question in the decathlon finals with only a second left on the clock. Or when Tony had let him repair the Spider-Man suit solo for the first time, then clapped him on the back with, “Great job, kid. You’re a natural.”

 Yeah. All of those were good days.

 This is not a good day. Peter missed his alarm. He forgot the homework assignment that had taken him well over two weeks to finish. And it was raining, because when Parker Luck strikes, it strikes hard. Peter hasn’t had the heart yet to tell May that his school shoes are worn down so thoroughly that rainwater leaks through in seconds. On rainy days, he makes a wet trail and accompanying squelching noises down the school corridor which Flash used to never miss an opportunity to point out, as loudly as he possibly could, until the day MJ threatened to kick him off the decathlon team. 

 It’s not raining now. It’s actually a beautiful day out. As far as silver linings go, it’s a pretty crappy one, considering that Peter is currently stretched out on his stomach along the roof of a building that's towering over an empty construction site, metal bands he can’t break pinning him in place. Whoever has left him like this has his arms out in front of him, rather than pinned to his side, but a band hugging his shoulders means he can’t lift or move them beyond flexing his wrists and wiggling his fingers.

 In the palm of each hand is the knotted end of a length of barbed wire, which is currently stretched out to wrap around Tony Stark’s wrists.

 Tony had come to consciousness later than Peter had, Peter burning faster through whatever drug that had been used to knock them out. He can’t have been out that long though. He’s still soaked from the rain, and he’s been awake long enough to assess the situation. To see exactly what’s coming.

 Tony’s not on the roof. Tony is laid out on a platform overhanging the roof, bound down exactly like Peter is. The barbed wire starts at his wrists and wraps all the way up to his elbows. It hadn’t been cutting him when he’d been unconscious, but since his mentor’s been awake he’s been struggling to find a way out, which has only succeeded in making the wire start to dig into his skin.

 “Mr. Stark,” Peter protests after Tony sheds first blood. “That’s not helping.”

 “You got something else we can try, kid?”

 “Not yet.” Peter’s tried everything he can think of, but they’re both locked down tight. Neither of them are going anywhere. He's tried calling for help with not so much as a bird flying by for an answer.

Every few seconds, Peter's eyes are drawn to the hinges of the platform Tony’s tied to. He can see where the restraints will retract; can see the long drop into the construction site below. Can see exactly where this is going if they don’t get out soon.

 Tony must catch Peter’s dejected tone, because he stops struggling for a moment to look at him. “Hey. Eyes here.” He waits until Peter looks at him before he continues, “We’re going to be fine. We’re going to get out of this and then it’s going to be an awesome story to share with the crew later. I know you’ve been wanting to one-up Wilson and Barnes for ages, yeah? Well, here’s your chance.”

 Peter swallows, shivering. The sky above him is bright after that morning’s rainstorm, but he’s soaked through enough that, as bright as the sun looks, the meager rays are doing nothing to dry him off. He tries for a deep breath, focusing on the smell of rain and the faint scent of the second cologne Pepper had bought Tony for their anniversary. The first had been
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Whumptober 2021
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Sam Wilson
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt Clint Barton
Protective Avengers
Kidnapping
Hostage Situations
Gags
Bullying
Torture
Human Trafficking
Nightmares
Sickfic
Collars
Cages
Unethical Experimentation
Hurt/Comfort
Sometimes there’s even fluff
tw: puns
Car Accidents
Major Character Injury
Drugs
Team as Family
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Sam Wilson

