Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Bucky, we’ve got a mission!” Steve yelled from downstairs.
“Coming!”Bucky ran downstairs after quickly putting on his fightsuit. “What’s the threat today?”
“We’re not sure…”
“Really Steve? How many times do we actually know what we’re up against?”
“Euhm, well… Almost never…”Bucky opened his mouth to react but before he could say anything he was interrupted by Natasha. “C'mon guys! This mission is still urgent.”They all got in the quinjet and flew to the location they received. When they arrived they didn’t see the threat until it was already dangerously close. An assassin clothed in black with a black mask that covered their whole face, surrounded by hydra soldiers, came at them from the left. They fought and after a lot, and with that I really mean a lot of punches, thrown and received, they finally seemed to be winning. Nat, Clint and Sam were focussing on the hydra soldiers while Steve and Bucky focused on the black assassin. After Nat, Clint and Sam got rid of the hydra soldiers they came to help Steve and Bucky, and that was good too. With the five of them they overmastered the assassin and brought them to the compound. When they got there Tony ordered to put the assassin in a cell till they find a way to get info out of them and maybe get that mask off to see who is their ‘oh so strong’ opponent. “So who is that? They fought … so strongly... ”
“Well Steve, we don’t actually know… yet.” Tony said with an embarrassed look in his eyes, trying to hide the fact that he hadn’t figured it out yet.
“When will you know?”
“I don’t know that yet either… But it won’t take too long…”, whispering under his breath: “Hopefully.”
“Alright, call us when you know.”
“Yeah, yeah… Hey Banner! How far are we?”Banner walked in while typing on his tablet:
“We’re almost there. Just a bit more and that mask will be off. Then we should be able to identify them.”
“Sir, the mask is off!” A young man called. They all looked at each other and then quickly walked after the man. They all walked in after each other, Tony first with Banner on his heels. Their first reaction was shock. The fact that it was a girl somehow shocked them. Then Clint, Nat and Sam followed and right behind them Steve entered. When Steve saw the girl's face he looked scared, like he'd seen a ghost.“So, identifying her will take a little longer but in a few hours max we should know exactly who she is.”
“No need…” Steve said while moving sideways so that Bucky could see what he was seeing. Everyone looked at him with a confused look and then Bucky saw:
“Y/N?! But she… this.... she was.... this can’t really be her… right?” He said leaning to Steve but keeping his eyes on the girl, scared that if he looked away she would disappear.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Bucky Barnes x Y/N
Bucky Barnes/You

freeform: 
Hydra (Marvel)
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Arranged Marriage
But not with Bucky
40's Bucky
40's Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Bucky Barnes x Y/N
Bucky Barnes/You

