Chapter 1: I think we're alone now
    


Summary:

Adhara or Ari Potter has just finished her fourth year at Hogwarts. Sitting on the Hogwarts Express, she prepares herself to deal with the fallout. Unfortunately (or is it fortunate), Uncle Vernon is nowhere to be found.



Notes:
Disclaimer: I do not own anything from the Marvel or Harry Potter universe. I am just a fan writing a story that has been stuck in my head. This is my own writing. Please do not post anywhere else without permission.I hope you enjoy this chapter.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Adhara Potter, also known as Ari Potter, was not having a good day, to put it lightly. After spending over four hours on the Hogwarts Express listening to all of the students gossiping and pointing fingers, she was fed up with it. This past school year was, in a word, a nightmare. Ari had come to Hogwarts in September expecting her fourth year to be as eventful as Aunt Marge’s summer (read: not eventful at all). Of course, it was not meant to be. As the Girl-Who-Lived, she was starting to become accustomed to weird and ridiculous things happening around her but she was still not prepared for an actual dangerous, deadly, and life-threatening tournament to be announced by the Headmaster. Like seriously, he usually is a little more subtle in his crazy chess-master aesthetic. Those twinkling eyes always made her want to look away so as not to be caught up in his crazy schemes. Yes, this year had been super stressful with trying to work on her studies and completing three tasks that would further prove her death-defying abilities. The only good thing to come out of this year, she supposed, was that people were starting to believe that a certain dark lord was not being tortured in Hell for eternity, but rather was lurking about with a snake face. She shuddered to think what it would have been like if she had not pulled Cedric out of the way of that spell at the last minute. “Kill the spare!” Closing her eyes, Ari tried to calm her breathing so as not to alert the others in her compartment to her wandering thoughts. Luna and Ginny were too busy talking about what they would be doing once they’re finally free for the summer to notice Ari’s dark thoughts. “I’m going to kill you, Adhara Potter. I’m going to destroy you.” His cruel high voice echoed in her mind as she couldn’t help but picture those awful bright red eyes staring into her very soul. “I want you to look at me when I kill you! I want to see the light leave your eyes!” Pulling Ari out of her spiralling thoughts, she looked up to find a hand on her shoulder. Bright green eyes met worried silvery-blue ones. Luna smiled softly at her, “I’ve interrupted a deep thought, haven’t I? I can see it growing smaller in your eyes.” The soft, dreamy voice of her best friend instantly brought Ari back to the present. She looked over to see both Luna and Ginny smiling at her with worry in their eyes. They hadn’t had much time to speak about what happened in the third task, especially in the graveyard. The other two girls were hoping that Ari would open up to them on the train, but it seemed like the other girl was too shocked and tired to deal with everything that happened. Ginny had been worried about her friend since her name came out of that blasted goblet. She was so fed up with all of those people that would say such horrid things about her best friend and then in the same breath, suck up to her in the hopes of sharing in her fame and fortune. Poor Ari was a shy, sweet girl that was wholly unprepared to deal with being thrown into a life-threatening tournament. Considering the girl was underage at the time of the picking, just fed into Ginny’s anger. How could people look at the smaller girl and see someone that would cheat and illegally enter such a stupid competition? Ginny felt that her friend deserved better. Even her own brother, Ron was always a total jerk to the other girl. He was always mouthing off about how she was so spoilt and deserved to finally get some punishment. The fact that he was deluded enough to think that he and Ari would end up together was so ridiculous, that seeing him trying to ‘flirt’ with the girl just made Ginny crack up. Luna, on the other hand, always came across as someone carefree and off in her own world. In reality, she was an intelligent girl who was very perceptive. She knew how people saw her; she heard the whispers that dubbed her a weirdo, someone that made up creatures so that she didn’t have to deal with reality. She also knew that her friend, Ari Potter, was not how she seemed. The older yet smaller girl was always quiet; she rarely spoke up against any injustice against her, she was soft and sweet. Ari always got along with the younger students as she always tried to help them. Luna was suspicious of the so-called loving relatives that Ari was sent back to every summer. Stray remarks made by the girl herself made Lu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Past Lily Evans/Tony Stark
past Lily Evans/James Potter
Ari & Luna & Ginny

freeform: 
Female Harry Potter
Civil War Team Iron Man
Cute Harry Potter
Precious Harry Potter
Post-Avengers (2012)
no beta we die like men
Harry Potter is a cinnamon roll
Protective Ginny Weasley
Lady Potter
Heiress Black
Inheritance
Canon Divergence - Post-Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossover
The goblins are friends
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Family Feels
Seer Luna Lovegood
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Pre-Relationship
Do not post my work anywhere else
Hedwig is a good owl

fandom: 
Past Lily Evans/Tony Stark
past Lily Evans/James Potter
Ari & Luna & Ginny

