Chapter 1: This is My Choice
    




Chapter Text
Bucky was hanging off the train they had boarded, both hands clenched around the quickly detaching railing. The wind was whipping past his ears, ruffling his hair. Keeping hold of the frozen railing was hard with his wind chapped hands and each time the train lurched, he lurched with it. One look below him had him gripping it harder, a spiral of fear spiking through him. If he fell into that ravine, he wouldn’t be climbing out.
“Bucky!” a voice cut through the wind and Bucky looked up, meeting Steve’s shockingly blue eyes. The punk was climbing onto the unsteady tear of metal that Bucky was hanging off of. The sergeant wanted to yell at him to get back in the damn train, not to worry about him, but he was shamefully mute with terror. “Grab my hand!” Steve shouted, freeing one hand to reach for his friend. Bucky let go of the railing with one shaky hand and reached up grabbing for Steve.  They brushed fingers and then with a final and resounding crack, the railing gave way. Bucky felt himself fall, heart stopping with fear, before he jerked, shoulder jarring and feet hitting the side of the train. He looked up to see Steve holding the other edge of the railing, having dropped down a few feet to reach. Bucky’s heart resumed  pounding in his chest and Steve breathed loudly, tears at the corner of his eyes before he used his unreal strength to lift them both up and back into the car of the train.
They rolled over, Bucky more on Steve’s chest than off, limp with relief. “Fuck…” Steve breathed, grabbing Bucky’s upper arms and pulling him more fully against his chest. Bucky gave a high pitched, breathless laugh in agreement. He felt Steve draw him forward, gloved hand cradeling the back of his skull.
“Gonna tell all of America that their golden boy swears like a sailor,” Bucky muttered into the blonde’s chest, glad to have something other than cold wind and snow against his face.
Steve snorted. “No one will believe you,” he said simply. Bucky could hear the smirk. Despite his levity, Steve pulled Bucky closer into his chest, clutching at his shoulder and head. “That was close…”
They didn’t have time to appreciate Bucky’s miraculous rescue, war didn’t allow time for recovery or reflection. They continued on after Zola’s capture, undeterred, storming the Red Skull’s base less than a week later.
Early on in the raid, Steve had separated from the Commandos, Bucky hot on his heels, leaving the others to clear the stragglers in their destructive wake. Then Schmidt was boarding some fancy looking airplane, full of enough explosives to demolish part of Europe and the United States. Steve jumped on and despite his orders not to, Bucky followed, leaving the rest of their motley crew behind on the ground.
Steve and Schmidt exchanged some banter, threw a few punches, Bucky stood in the back, letting Steve get his licks in before pulling his gun and firing at Schmidt while he was distracted. Steve looked back at him, as if surprised Bucky was there and Schmidt took the momentary distraction to pull some weird blue… cube out of a compartment on the ship. It glowed like the blue on the countless Hydra weapons they had encountered, the same glow that destroyed half of Stark’s lab when he messed with it too carelessly. There was a pulse of energy headed straight for Bucky, knocking him off clean off his feet and the gun from his hands. One of his arms lit up in blinding pain before he hit the metal structuring of the plane, his head snapped to the side and connected with cold metal, there was another bloom of pain. He was unconscious before he hit the floor.
Steve shouted in alarm as Bucky hit the metal siding and crumpled into an unmoving heap on the floor. He called for him, but Bucky still didn’t move, unconscious. Steve moved his attention back to Schmidt, the sooner he dealt with the Red Skull, the sooner he could check on Bucky’s condition. The fight finished quickly, Schmidt finally, literally dissolving away under the power of the cube before it fell from his hands and melted its way through the floor and into the ocean. Steve didn’t waste any time to see where it went, rushing to Bucky’s side as soon as Schmidt disintegrated. He collapsed to his knees at and cradling the unconscious man’s head in one hand while beginning to roll him over and up into his arms. Bucky didn’t stir, and Steve blanched when he rolled him over. Everything below just above the elbow of his left arm was gone, sheared clean off and disintegrated just like his gun, leaving Bucky bleeding profusely through the grated flooring.
He pulled Bucky over to the pilot’s chair, setting him gently on the floor before removing his coat, tearing off a sleeve and tying it around what was left of Bucky’s arm. He got it as tight as he could, sighing in relief when the blood slowed. He slid the rest of his coat around the arm and rolled Bucky over onto it to help maintain pressure on the wound as he slid himself into
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
OT3
Eventual Smut
Blood
Bucky still loses his arm
Depression
Survivor Guilt
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Coping
Guaranteed happy ending
Flirting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

