Work Text:
"Thor," Loki tries to snarl, but it comes out as more of a whine, too high and shaky to be the threat he wants it to be.  Electric heat crackles down the nerves in his spread thighs, up inside the skin of his abdomen, shooting out from the stormy sea of molten lust swirling between his hips.  He tries again, twitching, his fingers clenching convulsive in the sheets beneath him.  "Thor."Thor lifts his head, smiles cockeyed up at Loki from between his legs, and Loki would slap his idiot face, scratch his thrice-damned eyes out if he could move under his own power at all.  "Yes, brother?" he says, and even though his voice is dark and hoarse with desire, even though his pupils are blown so wide that bright star-blue has almost vanished into fathomless black, he is laughing, and Loki is going to kill him--The pair of thick fingers inside Loki's dripping passage twist, again, and Loki keens--how long has Thor been working at him, slipping his fingers in and out, stretching the walls of his cunt, so slow, so cursed slow--it seems hours, more than hours, days, and Loki's muscles shudder with the tension lashing through his body.  Propped up on his elbows, he can barely focus as he glares down at Thor."Were you planning to fuck me at any point before sunrise?" This time he does manage to snarl, the words hissing through his teeth.  When in the Tree's name did Thor become so patient?  "Or have you forgotten what your cock is for?"Thor laughs at him again, curse him, and dips down to oh tease at Loki's clit, flutters oh Ymir's teeth the tip of his tongue against it, and Loki whines high and shivery as his body jerks in search of more friction."How could I forget, when you make such noises?" Thor says roughly, and Loki feels him smiling against the tortuously sensitive skin between his legs, feels hot breath ghosting across his inner lips.  Thor presses his fingers into that electric place inside of him that makes his mind go blank with want, taps relentless against it, and Loki's spine twists, writhing with the stimulation.  "But it pleases me to see you like this.  To know I am the only one who will ever see you like this.""Damn your eyes," Loki gasps as Thor wraps his lips around his clit and sucks, oh nine skies but he can't see for the need racing through him.  "Norns curse you, I can't--I will skin you alive, I swear it, I will hang your entrails from the towers, I'll ohh--"Again, Thor laughs, and the vibration of it buzzes up through Loki's hips, dissolving his words into meaningless noise.  "You are the one always going on at me about politeness, brother," Thor says, and Loki is going to flay him raw as soon as he can think again.  "Do you want something?""Let me come, you stone-brained ogre!" Loki snaps, close to screaming, would be screaming if his throat weren't so dry."Say please," Thor teases, dragging his fingers out to the tips, and presses the flat of his tongue to Loki's clit.  Loki's back bends into an arch, his head thrashing back and forth, and it's humiliating how Thor can force him to lose all control of his body like this.Thor pushes in again, and it's a moment before Loki can remember how to work his tongue because Thor's is flicking against that little button again and sending jolts of almost painful pleasure through his core.  He thinks he hears himself saying "Please," though he isn't quite sure, as that breathy shaky begging voice sounds nothing like his."Better," says Thor, and he is sucking and licking and thrusting and oh fuck Loki is so close he can feel it pulling tight in his insides, ratcheting his cries to ever higher pitches, pulling tighter and tighter like a wire about to break----and then Thor's fingers pull out and Loki will strangle him, claw him to ribbons, tie him to the foot of the bed and leave him hard for weeks, let him see how it feels to be denied, and then there are broad hands under his knees and thick cock slotting easy into him and filling him up and everything goes white.His body seizes as Thor finally starts fucking him, a slow and steady pace, and he hears Thor groaning his own pleasure as the wire in Loki's insides snaps and flings him headlong into a climax that floods his entire being with the molten pleasure overflowing from between his hips.Thor holds him still for a few long moments, bottomed out, as Loki's cunt pulses around his cock and Loki rides out the wave of his climax.  He drapes himself over Loki's shuddering frame, buries his face in the crook of Loki's shoulder, kissing and licking and nipping gentle at the skin there.Just as Loki is beginning to come down from the peak, Thor resumes his thrusts, steady, rhythmic, hitting that bright-hot place inside him with each roll of his hips, and Loki's eyes fly open in shock as he feels the wire tightening inside him all over again."Thor--" he tries to say, but then Thor reaches down and presses a thumb to his clit, rubs in slow circles, and Loki stops breathing as he comes once more.Thor drags 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Plot What Plot
Sibling Incest
One-Shot
The Point Of This Is Porn
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Post-Orgasm Sex
In Which Loki Has a Vagina
It Came From My Tumblr
Holy Shit Thor Is a Beast
Loki's Internal Narrative Is Rather Violent
Teasing
Fluffy Smut

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

