Chapter 1: Mural Meetup pt1
    




Chapter Text
A light blue splatter of paint coated your fingers. The same light blue of the painted flower petals adoring the building's wall. Simple light strokes applied more and more of the color onto the facade, filling in the outlines of the six-foot flower. Folds, creases, and gradients still needed to be done in another color, but if you finished the work soon, the next shift would go smoothly.You dipped your brush into the fall empty gallon of paint, coating its bristles in the thick liquid. After scraping off the excess, you rolled the handle in your fingers to get it back to the proper position. With your free hand, you pushed in your earbud before leaning forward and grabbing onto the scaffolding's railing. Swift practiced brushes coated more and more of the once white wall in the light blue.The clamor of busy city streets behind you broke through the barrier of your music. Without missing a beat, you switch the brush to your opposite hand as you turn up the volume of your music. The increased volume blocked out most of the noise. You wedged the other earbud further in to block out the last of the city's buzz.The music, while blaring and fast-paced, helped you sink into a simple lull. Brush. Brush. Brush. Dunk. Scrape. Brush. Brush. Brush. And repeat, for song after song. As the petals filled with more beautiful color, your mind wandered.It was just a few more hours until the end of your workday, and everything was coming along nicely. So long as you kept on track, you could later relax over a wonderful and coveted four-day weekend. Just needed to finish the last few details for the mural's artist and your oh so delightful boss to swoop in and finish the rest. Not to mention brag about his work.You let out a sigh and started on the next petal. At least the four days would give you enough time to work on your own ideas for murals. Surely one of these days your submissions will have to be selected. But then again, if your work ended up picked, you'd end up with all the work as well. And you couldn't afford to bring on other painters like your boss could. Well, painter. You were the only one your boss bothered to keep on payroll full time. Any other help you occasionally got was from a revolving door of student volunteers for either field trips or school credits.The next song came on, and you flipped passed, then skipped several others in search of something you wanted to listen to, whatever that even was. In between the songs' openings, the city noise bled into your ears. The buzz of chatter, stomping of pedestrians, cars whirring passed. There was something else in the mix, a rumbling sound perhaps? It was difficult to pin down, let alone describe. You finally landed on a song, and right in time too, the noise of the city was picking up. A lot of people must have been getting off work right then.You shrugged and bobbed your head to the music before leaning in to get back to the mural. As you leaned forward, a nagging thought bit at the back of your mind. With your hand on the railing, you stood still for a moment. Nothing. You must have imagined—The scaffolding shook, not much, but enough to make it undeniable. Your heart clenched, and you looked around the area. First the left, then your right. The streets looked as normal and busy as ever. No sign of heroes or villains causing wanton destruction. So that's good. Still, the nagging thoughts lingered and warped the surrounding air to an eerie disquiet.You did your best to shake off the feeling and sink back into your music and work. The trance of the routine broke when you noted the trails of paint running down the wall. You swept over the trails, stopping them from racing down any more. Dammit. You forgot to scrape off the excess paint. A tired breath escaped your lips, and you leaned in to smooth over the rest of the excess. The bristles ghosted over the wall when another shake rattled the scaffolding. You wobbled, fighting to keep your balance, and ended up face first into the glob of paint clinging to the wall.You pried yourself away, the wet paint smeared on half your face and upper arm. A growl rumbled in your throat as you scoured for the source of that shake. A search that ultimately didn't last long, as your blood chilled to ice as soon as you looked to your right.Only a few yards away from your platform, a broad man with four mechanical arms clung to the side of the building. The three sharp talons of each arm speared into the brick facade as if it were little more than paper. The man focused upwards somewhere across the street.Your eyes darted from the villain, to his robot claws, to the smears of paint he scratched into the mural. Your muscles tensed as your lips curled into a sneer."Are you fucking kidding me? You stupid jerk!"Those were the first words out of your mouth and, to your horror, they caught the man's attention. His head turned your direction with a tight frown and deeply knitted brows. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Otto Octavius/Reader
Doc Ock/Reader

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Threats of Violence
Stalking
Possibly an unwanted kiss
still debating on that scene
none of this is from Doc Ock by the way. Just to be clear

fandom: 
Otto Octavius/Reader
Doc Ock/Reader

