Work Text:

Tony can, unfortunately, remember the night with crystal clear clarity.

Picture the scene: a young man (practically a boy; he had still been a boy, had still felt like a boy, damned never mind what his birth certificate said) a sub, high and plastered out of his head at one of the first galas he's ever been to. He's maybe eighteen, nineteen. And he's so fucking desperate to please.

The man that approaches him is friendly enough. He makes small talk about the new Stark industries merger. Tony, for the record, is completely 100% sober at this point, and that's why he never bothered taking it to court. He was sober when he consented, he was sober when he signed the contract, he was thinking straight when he agreed to go home with Kevin Buckner. 

And Buckner was very, very persuasive. "Tell you what," he'd said, thumbing Tony's lower lip "a sweet thing like you, I'm willing to cut you a deal."

He'd said something about an extra ten percent profit or an inside link with his board of directors, it doesn't matter because he never actually pays up. Instead, he whips out one of those contract books, the kind that were all the rage in the nineties before cell phones carried all this with them, and Tony had signed his pre-meditated kink list without even a glance through, safe in the knowledge that he, a young CEO, was doing something good for his company. 

They take a limo back to Buckner's place and Tony drinks the whole way there, glass after glass of champagne and then scotch and then just plain vodka mixed with cheap fruit juice. He can barely walk by the time they reach his apartment, and it takes Buckner and the driver to carry him to the elevator, shit-faced and slutty, spewing crap about interest rates and taxation as if Buckner gives a fuck.

The fun really starts when Tony, already out of his mind, is handed a crisp $50 note and two lines of white gold. He snorts it easily, giddy, and he starts spacing out pretty badly. He knows that Bucker strips him, and he remembers sliding to his knees and giving one of the sloppiest blow jobs of his life. He passes out on the floor not long after Buckner's blown his load into his hair.

So he misses the part where Buckner calls all his buddies. And he's woken when someone jeering throws ice in his face. No, it was a beer, Tony remembers, but it was August, so of course it had ice in it. He was on his knees. His arms were stretched up and tied around a pole. He was still so, so drunk. He remembers the murmur of people talking, of the warm, humid air coming in from the balcony. 

After, after everything, they leave him shivering on the floor. "Please," he tries saying, words slurring together "was it good? Was I good?" Because he needs some justification for what happened, he needs someone to make sure it was okay. The drink and the drugs have driven him so far under he'll be dropping for another four days, but he doesn't know that yet. 

(He had mumbled 'no' so many times, but he didn't have a safeword. No one had given him a safeword. He was so cold. He was shivering.)

He's shaken awake by a man the next morning. He's so, so hungover and he's crashing. He's dropping. The light is too bright and the man's face is too close to his. It scares him. He realises he's wearing a thick collar. There's pain, aching, muscle pain, and the pain of thick, red weals where they had whipped him. He can't stop shaking. 

But this man is gentle, kinda. Tony does not know his name, and he never finds out. Maybe he was part of the party or maybe he just came that morning. Tony likes to imagine it was the latter. He doesn't like to think about that man's hands on his body, through his hair, forcing his fingers into places they have no right being.

He wraps him in his coat, a thin little thing, but Tony's so small it dwarfs him anyway. He remembers that he couldn't sit up straight, he kept sliding down the wall, and he remembers the stench of blood, beer and come smeared all over him. The man asks for an address and Tony, out of his mind, just tries to bury closer. Soft hands push his caked hair back from his head and ask again, and Tony gives an address, any address, but would later find out it was for his apartment. He was still living in New York at the time, early nineties.

He drives Tony there himself and helps him up the elevator. Tony keeps crying and asking him if he did good. The man leads him to the bedroom and tells him to settle. He takes his coat, but wraps Tony in a blanket. Miraculously, he doesn't put Tony on his knees or ask him to suck, or fuck him in his still sloppy hole. He just leaves.

The first day, Tony still doesn't know where he is. He curls up, rocks, still filthy, and waits for someone to help him. No one comes. After two days of silence -- and a missed board meeting -- Obie comes round to see what's wrong. He finds Tony trying to run a bath with just bleach and shampoo, tipping it all into the tub and crying when he runs out. "I'm dirty," he s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
Past Sexual Abuse
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Emotional Manipulation
Sub-Drop

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

