Chapter 1: Part One
    




Chapter Text
It was a Friday. Tony had spent the last two weeks in Beijing and his internal clock was all kinds of fucked. He’d planned for that—well, Pepper had planned for that. He didn’t have anywhere to be; he’d spent the day in the workshop. Tinkering. Mostly just puttering around waiting for Peter to show up after school.He’d sort of wanted to go pick Peter up, but that was probably clingy and weird. He’d just missed the kid. The two weeks away had been the longest chunk of time he’d gone without actually seeing the kid in person since they’d started on the whole proper mentor/mentee bonding thing.There’d been near-constant texting and the occasional video call, but it hadn’t been the same.“Boss, there’s an incoming call from Midtown School of Science and Technology,” FRIDAY said in his earpiece. “Shall I accept the call?”“Yeah, put it through,” Tony said, leaning back from the table. FRIDAY cut the music and relayed the call to his earpiece. “This is Stark.”“Hi, Mr. Stark. My name is Nina Finch. I’m calling from Midtown,” Nina said.“Is Peter okay?” he asked, because there was something—tension or maybe something else; he couldn’t put his finger on it—in her voice. It wasn’t the usual ‘ohmygod Tony Stark’ flutter he’d learned to identify and dodge well before he was Peter’s age.“I’m actually calling because I need May Parker to come to the school as soon as possible, but I haven’t been able to reach her,” Nina said. “There’s been an incident.”“Is Peter okay?” he asked again, sitting up straight while his mind whirled. ‘Incident’ could mean any number of horrible things. Fight. Sick. Active shooter. Horrible things happened in schools.Maybe, possibly, this was Tony’s fault. There had been tension around the edges since those photos hit the internet, and more so since they’d filed all that paperwork. Peter was a minor so his name wasn’t public, but what if…What if—What if—What if—“I really need to speak to his guardian—”“I’m his legal guardian. May signed all sorts of paperwork; it should be on file with the school,” Tony said. He waved a hand at FRIDAY’s nearest camera, gesturing for her to pull up Peter’s info. “I’m allowed to sign off on medical treatments, bring him across state lines, all sorts of fun stuff. Now. Is Peter okay?”Peter’s StarkWatch had registered a bump in vitals about an hour after he would’ve arrived at school, but it wasn’t something drastic enough to be concerning. Or it wouldn’t have been if the watch started reporting ERROR: NO VITALS DETECTED a few minutes later; it had been removed.His phone had been completely powered down and the battery removed around the same time.The microchips in his arms (the ones May had not known about until they were already implanted) weren’t broadcasting any sort of signal. They’d gone offline maybe fifteen minutes after the watch and phone.The Spider-Man suit was green across the board, but the steady ping from the suit’s GPS put it at the Parker apartment in Queens, probably at the back of his closet or something.“His class was on a field trip today,” Nina said, that something more intense in her voice. “There was an incident. We’re asking all the parents and guardians to come to the school as soon as possible.”“You’re killing me, Nina,” he said, but he was already moving. The M21-nanite reactor was online and ready to go, and he put it in place on his chest over the grungy AC/DC t-shirt he’d been lounging in all day. “What happened to Peter. I’m not getting any signal from his tech, and I’m going to tell you right now that that’s a big deal.”It was freaking him out more than a little bit that he hadn’t gotten any sort of alert when the signals had dropped.“We don’t know,” Nina said, and her voice was actually quavering. She sounded like she was barely holding it together. “The bus is late and we haven’t been able to get in touch with anybody that was on it. We really need you to come into the school, please.”Tony let out a shaky breath, tasting bile.“I’m sorry, I have to call the rest of the parents. Please just get here as quickly as you can. The police have been called.”He hung up and stepped off the balcony as the suit was engaging. The momentary dip and accompanying swoop in his gut helped get him out of his own spiraling thoughts.“FRIDAY, call Happy,” Tony said, glad (many times over) his AI was smart enough to have already plotted a route to Midtown without his having to ask for it.“Hey, Boss, what’s up?” Happy asked, answering on the second ring.“Somebody grabbed the kid,” he said.“What?”“He was supposed to be on a field trip. He went offline hours ago,” Tony said. God, it had been years since he was this close to throwing up in the suit. “The school just called me.”“Jesus.”“I need you to go get May.”“On it.”“I’ll text if I get any more details when I get to the school. I’m five minutes out,” Tony said. He was pushing it with the speed a bit; he wouldn’t be surprised if he ended up with a few bills for window 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Protective Tony Stark
Kidnapping
Attempted Kidnapping
Human Trafficking
Morally Corrupt Scientists
hand-wavy science
Human Experimentation
Family
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Field Trip
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Implied/Referenced Dubious Consent
Drugs
May Parker (Spider-Man) Dies
Irondad
spiderson
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

