Chapter 1: Eyes Only, Barton
    




Chapter Text

Turkey, Istanbul: Operation Window Watcher, May 2004
Recognition Signal: Something to confirm a targets identity. Examples include physical characteristics, articles of clothing, or objects arranged in a distinctive specific manner. See also: Surveillance and Surveillance Aware.He has watched her for a month now. He knows her routine with such familiarity that it made his handler proud, he’s a meticulous notetaker, but even though it’s part of the job he still feels like a creep. Without a paycheck and a cramped damp hotel room one block from her hidey hole, he would be the poster child for classic stalking behavior. Textbook creep, turn to page two. Pictured here: obsessive stalking behavior. A deranged man with binoculars trained through a window.He shifts from his perch on the hotel's roof, irritated that his handler couldn’t have picked a hotel with a better sight line. He really shouldn’t be surprised, S.H.I.E.L.D had been slipping lately. His last mission had ended in such a clusterfuck that even Coulson had demanded answers. Answers that he must’ve pried out of some demure desk jockey, because now Clint was on babysitting duty. Granted in this line of work babysitting took on various meanings, but it certainly wasn’t the job of choice when Coulson tossed the mission brief on the mess hall table.
“Just need a pair of eyes, Agent Barton.” 
Phil Coulson had selected this mission for him as an apology for the disaster that was Azerbaijan. As far as apologies go it wasn’t the worst, but it certainly could’ve been a hell of a lot nicer. Clint would’ve preferred something with more meat on its bones, deep cover perhaps, something easy to lose himself enough in to get the images of those kids out of his head. However, those were hard to come by, and Director Fury was careful in his selection. Unlike what Hollywood would portray they were few and far in between, and Clint in all his years at S.H.I.E.L.D had only been on one. So, this was why he was here, perched on a rooftop in Turkey waiting out the drizzle in the middle of May, with the blunt end of a drain pipe digging into his shoulder.Clint checked the skyline; she would be heading out soon. Like any good assassin, it’s a perimeter check under the guise of a relaxing run. Twice around the block before one counterclockwise two blocks out. It’s a flat thirty minutes. His own is forty-five. He waited for her and a twitch of a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth as she appeared from behind a gaggle of tourists. He waited till she was half way down the street before he moved, jogging across rooftops and side stepping over slick patches of asphalt and tile. It’s a good rule of thumb in this line of work to avoid predictability at all cost, but Clint has found that there was little that could be done when it came to certain routines. Perimeter checks were one. Spies were a paranoid bunch, and paranoia was as forgiving as it was destructive. So, when the Black Widow crawled around her web, long legs testing the silken strands for any signs of danger, he was there watching from a distance. She was careful about it though, even going so far as to hide away for a couple of days at a time and order delivery to her neighbor’s door. He was surprised to find she favored a local restaurant having ordered from them on four separate occasions and always the same thing; Kisir, Yaprak Dolma, and a large helping of rice. He wasn’t a fan, but he included everything in his reports. Even the time he’d watched her fuck some young guy she had dragged back to her place. He included his subsequent interrogation, believing that he was connected in some shape or form to her current mission only to discover that he was just some college kid, an exchange student from Egypt at his father’s expense. Coulson had called him soon afterward, reiterating that this was a babysitting mission only. Clint cheekily noted that he hadn’t joined. Coulson wasn’t impressed. Clint had waited for her to return back to her safehouse and for her lights to turn off before he went back to his own. He flung himself on the rickety cot that he called a bed, reached for his laptop and typed up his report. Target remains uncontacted, perimeter check clear… |___Clint gave a frustrated sigh, glared at the constant blinking of his cursor as if it had personally offended him. And maybe it had. This mission was lasting longer than he originally anticipated and he was bored. There was only so much he could type into his report, especially when his sole target had decided it best to go on some pseudo-vacation in the middle of a mission. Clint decided that he would include this in his nightly report as well. Professionalism be damned. It would be two weeks later when the Black Widow would finally strike.He had awakened shortly after her and watched her through the scope of his rifle as she made her coffee. That was his first sign that something was up. The famed Bla
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Clint Barton Made a Different Call
mindfuckery
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Psychological Trauma
Pre-Avengers (2012)
This ship is dead but I still have feelings
Inspired by Black Widow (Movie)
Spycraft
Assassins & Hitmen
Red Room (Marvel)
Tags to be added
Childhood Trauma
Guilt
Smart Mouthed Clint
Semi-Canon Compliant
Canon Divergence
SHIELD Early Days
Slow Romance
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Adult topics discussed and shown

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov

