Work Text:
The thing is: Steve’s a nurse. He knows, he knows, that the ringing in his ears isn’t a good sign, or that the pain in his ribs when he breathes really isn’t healthy, but…But those guys had it coming. That girl was obviously drunk, and those guys were taking advantage of that. Steve was just doing what any good person should do – stepping in and making sure that they didn’t get her alone.He was trying to tell that to Sam, who was cursing him a blue streak and trying to haul his not-inconsiderable bulk towards the doors of the ER, but Sam wasn’t listening. Probably because Sam had been the guy he called after those guys (and the friends of those guys) took exception to Steve ‘ruining’ their night.Even with his muscles and his height and his morning runs – Steve Rogers was not superhuman, and 6 guys jumping him in some dingy alley was never going to end well.“You’d have done the same!” He argued (because he’d been arguing with Sam the whole trip and it was practically expected for Steve to put up some resistance about going into the ER as a patient) once again. “You would’ve!”“Yeah, I probably would have.” Sam sighed, giving Steve a gentle shove towards the automatic doors that really shouldn’t have hurt as much as it did. “But I never claimed to be the smart one in this friendship.”They both blinked a little from the bright lights as they entered the ER waiting area, and Steve’s head swum dangerously at the difference between the dark outside and the bright white all around him. “Your mom is going to knife me in my sleep, Steve.” Sam pointed out. “You know she terrifies me.”Steve snorted (which hurt), because his mom was the best, most kindest mom in the whole world, and never hurt a fly. “Yeah, that’s cause she’s your mom.” Sam said, which obviously meant that Steve wasn’t thinking but talking, “But normal people see tiny Mrs Rogers, with her little blond hair, and her lovely blue eyes, and her cute Irish accent – and are totally not fooled. That woman will shank me.”Steve snorted again, because his mom was 5 foot and a prayer high, she didn’t even come up to Sams chin. It didn’t make sense that Sam would be worried. His mom was an angel.“And you know in the bible, Steve, angels were the ones who did the killing and the fighting, right?” Sam pointed out. “She’s gonna give me the Look, Steve. The Look.” He paused in his attempts to get Steve towards the reception. “The Look that says, you were supposed to be looking out for my boy, and he’s been hurt. Again.” He shuddered. “Steve, you’re a huge guy. Huge. Massive. Can you just not... get me into trouble with your mom for like… a week? Just one week?”“You’d have done the same!”“Yeah, but I’d have called you for back-up after! Not – not, Steve – when I was lying in a pool of my own vomit and blood.” “You are pathetic.”“Thanks, Nat. I really appreciate that.”“If you bleed on my car, I’m going to gut you like a fish.”“I will not bleed on your car.” Bucky groaned, head tipped back so that he wouldn’t actually bleed all over her car. He didn’t think she’d kill him, but he did know that she gave the worst Chinese Burn in New York and his tattoo had just started to scab over. He couldn’t risk it.“You know you’re an idiot.”“I’m pretty sure you’ve already said that.” He sighed, which hurt. Everything hurt, so that wasn’t weird in itself. Natasha was driving fairly sedately, which was worth noting though, because she was a bit of a speed demon, taking corners too fast and breaking sharp. It wasn’t unsafe (he’d never get in the car with her if he felt unsafe) but her job required serious precision driving and he guessed it was hard to drive like a regular person after that. The fact that she was taking things relatively smoothly meant that she didn’t want to jostle him more, or that she didn’t trust him not to snort blood over the interior of her car if she hit the brakes too fast. He figured it was about 50/50, knowing Natasha.“I did.” She agreed. “I’m just pointing it out again because it needs repeating. You utter урод.” She glanced over at him, and he knew that she was holding back while he was actively bleeding. She was gonna kick his ass once he’d been patched up.“You’d have done the same!”“I’m a fully combat trained professional and you’re a mechanic!” She snapped. “The outcome of me ‘doing the same’ doesn’t result in me bleeding on other peoples property.”“Don’t say mechanic like it’s a cuss word.” Buck grumbled. “I work my ass off.”“Do not try to turn this into a different argument, James.” She said, voice flat. “Brock Rumlow is a giant мудак, but it’s not your job to point that out.”“He’s trying to pin this shit on me!” Bucky burst out, because it wasn’t fucking fair – he worked his ass off every day and went home with a smaller paycheck than he deserved, to an apartment that had more drafts than rodents, and never enough time to hang out with his friends.  When parts (not even expensive parts) started going missing, he’d brought it up with his boss.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Nurse Steve
Mechanic Bucky Barnes
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Hospitals
ER visits
Natasha Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

