Work Text:
At first the words don’t register; he’s too busy making sure the agent beneath him isn’t suffering from a critical injury and has all of his limbs, patting his torso frantically.
When they do, his hands freeze on the man’s hips.
Peter’s filled with an indescribable emotion; something tears inside of him, something shatters, and something else wants to scream and lash out and break everything.
He swallows thickly.
 
“Get off of me!” the agent scolds at him.
Peter, however, is too shocked to move; he continues sitting, straddled, upon the other man.
 ‘No,’ he tries to convince himself, ‘he didn’t –“
 
Then a hand shoves him harshly backwards.
“Fucking fag.”
*
It starts with a poorly-designed flyer that’s forced into his hands by a grumpy teenager. He boards the bus and skims it, then frowns and actually reads it.





He keeps reading even when it hurts his eyes, feeling his mouth growing dry. As soon as he’s home he connects his laptop to the nearest socket and delves into this unexplored world of statistics and violence.
He only stops reading when his eyes are dry and his alarm clock rings over the cooing pigeons that took to his planter.
 
Peter tries – and fails – to put this new information behind him. It follows him throughout the following weeks, gnawing at his conscience, ripping at his heart.
 
The opportunity comes up when J.J. sends him to cover a local event – (“Couple of homos in dresses and heels making fools out of themselves –“) – and Peter grits his teeth and nods.
 ‘I’m going to help people’, he convinces himself as he zips up his suit and adjusts the shoes he borrowed from MJ. ‘I’m going to show them there’s nothing to be ashamed about.’
 
So he lets the words out next to Jenna Rator, a Drag Queen a foot taller than him (even with the heels), dressed in a sparkling red dress. She squeaks in delight and leaps into his arms moments after to the cheers of the masses.
Peter chuckles when she kisses his cheek, blushing under his mask.
He feels happy.
 
It doesn't last long.
 
The next day, the comments vary from a publicity stunt to heated discussions about a sexual deviant prying on innocent boys from outside their bedroom windows.
Three days after, Rhino slams him into concrete and cops-a-feel. Peter freezes, shocked, as Rhino speaks repulsive things in lewd tones that make Peter sick to his stomach.
(He doesn't get any sleep that night. Two days and seven showers after, he still feels the traces of the contact upon his skin. He washes the suit five times.)
 
It gets worse.
 
Police officers he knows by name flinch from him when he approaches to give them details about the crimes he prevented. Their eyes are different when they look at him. It takes him a while to understand this is not the same way they looked at him when they considered him their hero.
The Bugle rips into him more than ever before; they somehow print a four pages long article about guys who swear that Spider-Man sexually assaulted them under the protection his mask offers him. One of the men is a convict that shot and killed a pregnant woman in a bank robbery. The other is a forty-three years old firefighter called Vincent. Peter had dislocated his shoulder when he took the hit of a falling burning beam for him.
He doesn't know which one makes him feel worse.
 
Peter takes a week off work because he’s not sure he’ll be able to avoid punching J.J. in the face if they cross paths. His bank account doesn't approve. His bills don’t either, but he has little choice in the matter.
 
He avoids the internet at all costs.
 
His fellow-heroes tell him they accept him just the way he is.
They find it all very amusing, actually – and he has to fake a laugh at another I’ll-keep-my-soap-close joke; at dozens of ‘no homo!’; at endless guys that approach him to inquire ‘does that mean you’re attracted to me?’ and even one ‘How’d you rate my butt?’ from a person he barely exchanged any words with.
 
“Wanna hit the showers?” Peter asks, sweaty, after a training session.
“Aye,” Thor claims, grinning.
“Maybe later,” Steve squeaks and disappears. 
Thor warps an arm around Peter’s shoulder, leading him down the hall as he babbles about glory and strength and worthiness.
Peter feels anything but.
*
They’re in a fight.
One might even call it battle, even – with Doombots lasering at each and every possible direction and pony-sized, acid-spitting creatures crawling upon the buildings. The Avengers called for back-up; other than Peter there are some X-Men and Sue and plenty of reckless SHIELD agents that want to play hero.
 
Five hours in and sixteen annoying comments about his sexual identity later, Peter barely saves an agent from imitating a cell and splitting in two, tackling him to the ground.
 
“Keep your hands to yourself, faggot.” The man says, and Peter has had it.
 
“You were about to die,” he rasps out in disbelief. “You can’t possibly –“
The man snorts as he stands up.
“As if. I've read all about your stories, trying to lie your 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man

freeform: 
Coming Out
Explicit Homophobia
Bisexuality
Sexual Assault
Pre-Slash
Ableist Language
Translation Available
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man

