Work Text:
  “Dude, have you seen this?” Peter looked up from his homework to look over at Ned. They were at Ned’s house, Peter spending the afternoon with his best friend before he went out for a quick patrol and then headed home to where he was going to have Thai food with his Aunt May. “Seen what?” “Mr. Stark and Bruce Banner have created some kind of IQ test,” Ned explained, his eyes glued to his computer. “And there is a prize if you can solve the final problem.” “What? That’s awesome,” Peter abandoned his homework to peer over Ned’s shoulder. “What’s the prize?” “Let’s see,” Ned murmured as he quickly scanned through the information. “Oh, here we go. If you can solve the final problem, you get to spend an afternoon with Tony Stark and Bruce Banner!” Peter flinched at how high-pitched Ned’s voice had gotten and rubbed at his ear. He grinned as Ned bounced on his seat and then whirled around to face Peter, his eyes alight with excitement. “Dude, this awesome! Did you know they were doing this?” Peter shook his head, feeling excitement build inside him. “Mr. Stark never mentioned anything. This is so cool!” “Dude, we have to do it,” Ned gasped, his eyes widening and a grin spreading across his face. He whirled back towards his computer and clicked on the link. “Wait, do you think we should?” Peter asked. “Why wouldn’t we?” Ned asked, even as he started filling out Peter’s details in the required section. “Because we see Mr. Stark and Doctor Banner all the time,” Peter said. “Shouldn’t we give someone else a chance?” Ned shrugged his shoulders. “If you do win, I’ll take your place.” Peter pressed his lips together to stop from laughing. “Fine. If we win, you can spend the afternoon with Mr. Stark and Doctor Banner.” Ned paused in his typing and looked at Peter over his shoulder. “You really are the greatest friend.” Peter put his hands on Ned’s shoulder and squeezed. “Anything for you Ned. Let’s win you an afternoon with two of the greatest minds.” “Do you think Doctor Banner will sign my chemistry book?” Ned asked. “If he does, can you get him to sign mine too?” Peter asked. “You haven’t asked him too?” Ned paused with a frown.   “No,” Peter said, his cheeks flushing pink. “I got nervous and didn’t want to seem awkward. Now I feel even more awkward to ask.” “I’ll get you one too,” Ned promised with a grin. Peter grinned back. “Sweet. Let’s win this so you can get us some autographs.”  “Is that Karen’s feed?” Tony looked away from the screen to see his beautiful wife crossing his lab towards him. He leaned into her touch as her fingers threaded into his hair and she pressed a kiss to the top of his head. He smirked when her arms wrapped around his neck, her cheek pressing into his. “It is,” Tony confirmed her question. “Is everything okay with Peter?” Pepper asked. “The kid isn’t getting injured,” Tony said. “And he hasn’t been breaking curfew.” “Then why do you sound like he is?” Pepper asked, pulling back slightly. Tony sighed and allowed Pepper to spin him around so that he was facing her. “Peter’s been patrolling more lately.” “Are you worried he’s gotten himself into some trouble?” Pepper asked. “The kids been on a streak of not bad luck. I’d like to keep it that way for as long as possible.” “Then what’s wrong?” Pepper asked. “The kid’s SAT’s are coming up.” Pepper blinked at him. “I’m going to need a little more to go on.”   “He hasn’t been studying,” Tony sighed, reaching up to scrub at his face. “He shouldn’t be increasing his patrols right now and why are you smirking at me?” Pepper chuckled and pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead. “Look at you. Being a good dad.” Tony felt his cheeks flush hot, and he glared at Pepper. “I’m not –“ Pepper continued to smirk. “Yes, you are. You’re a good dad for worrying about his schoolwork and his future.” “I want him to have all the best opportunities,” Tony huffed. “So sue me.” Pepper laughed and settled herself on his lap. “Why don’t you invite Peter over and study with him.” “That may not be necessary.” Tony and Pepper both looked up as Bruce entered the lab. He approached them slowly, a StarkPad in his hand.“Bruce?” Tony asked, gently helping Pepper stand. “I forgot how smart Peter is,” Bruce shook his head. “He really is one of the most brilliant minds of his generation.” “Of course he is,” Tony said. He blinked. “Why he is the most brilliant mind of his generation?” “He solved our equation,” Bruce handed Tony the tablet. “He’s the only one who got close and showed his working.” “The IQ test you were yammering about yesterday?” Pepper asked. “That’s the one,” Tony said as his eyes scanned over the tablet. He looked up to Bruce. “He did it. When did he do this?” “I got the alert half an hour ago,” Bruce said. “I came up here as soon as could get my legs to work.” “This is incredible,” Tony got his feet, shifting the tablet so Bruce and Pepper could see. “This is beyond college level stuff he’s doing. And he did it in an afternoon.” “I guess you don’t need to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Smart Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Precious Ned Leeds
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Ned Leeds Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Loves Peter Parker
Awesome Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Science Bros
IQ test
Humor
Fluff and Humor
Father-Son Relationship
One Shot
One Shot Collection
excited Ned Leeds

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

