Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first memory came to her while her mother was teaching her to weave the Valor. Hela was young. Just a babe after her thirteenth cycle. Her mother gave short instructions and minor examples as she used her breath to breathe life into the threads. They wove themselves into a new tapestry showing an image not yet granted by the fates themselves. It was mesmerizing. Magic isn’t real. Her memory provided. Leaving nothing more than a passing thought even though she knew much more of the truth.Her father had conjured the skies just that morning to provide Asgard its rain for the fields of summer. She ignored it much like how she ignored her mother, Frigga; after Hela could not get the thread to weave in a coherent image. Her mother still kept her mop of fabric believing that the squish of swirls would give them insight at a later time.The second memory came to her after she had her first kill. Hela had hunted a rabbit just as her other trainees had on their trip through Asgard’s forest. They were to undergo a trial.  Bring one white rabbit, a doe’s head, and a goat's stomach to the altar before three days pass. She had found and trapped the winter rabbit up the mountain. It was a large animal, for its size. Fat belly, swollen with a child most likely and had ruby red eyes that stared back at her in fear. Its hind legs ever pushing at the rope that tied it. She had snapped its neck like a twig.Then she was in a bedroom, watching as her dear dog gave its last breaths. Her dog was old, over fourteen years. A blip in her lifespan. She was loyal and had very kind eyes.The beagle made whining sounds as tears rolled down its eyes while her body shook in tremors because of the cancerous bulge on its stomach.The vet had called it a tumor. She had it stuck in her intestine and he had wanted to put her down that day.Her father had refused. He loved her dog as much as she did and wanted to let her live her life till the end. They didn’t put her on any pills. They couldn’t afford to get her red beagle surgery to get the tumor removed.So she sat there as her small dog lay on her bed. Crying its last breaths all while she petted and kissed her dear ones head. It’ll be an alright girl. I’m here. It’s okay to go. I’m here.Hela refused to cry. She was not weak. She was Odin's daughter and she refused to cry at killing an animal.Later when she learned to breathe life back into the plants, the ground, and into beings she smiles. Now she had a dog no illness or age could take from her.She ignored the other trainees as they watched her large beast warily. She giggled and rushed to her pet, encircling her arms around her beast's warm neck and humming in content. Her mutt whined and licked her face with its putrid breath wafting over her. She laughed and let Fenrir kiss her as she scratched the mutt’s ears. Now she had a companion who would never die. Fenrir’s tail wagged excitedly after all her soul was just called back from Valheim. She knew her master when she saw her. She was finally home again.The third memory she had expected when she killed her first being of intelligence. She had even expected it. But as the blood ran down her blade to her fingers. It didn’t come. Nor the second or the fifth or even the one-hundredth kill. No memory. She had almost for a time thought she imagined them all up.Hela was wrong though. These memories were not blessings. But a curse. It came five hundred years after her first conquest. Hela had met a man. Not just any man but an advisor to the court of Alfheim. A light elven man. Oh, he was ever so, dashing and charming. But that wasn’t what got her attention. It was how he taught the magic of the elves. Singing the trees into life. Spinning the fabric of the Yggdrasil. His magic was dark like hers but oh so ever more beautiful. She’d watch his class for hours. Sneaking behind the curtains of the fire hall as he wove stories into the very world.He was pleasing to look at for a time.He noticed her several months later. The treaty talks going over with The All-father smoothly. He complimented her on her use of the Yggdrasil and offered to show her how he breathed actual life into the world and not just an imitation of it like she did.She offered to skewer his head for those comments lest he loses his pretty face. He grinned and replied. “So, you admit you find me attractive?”She stabbed him for that. That did not stop his attempts though. Nor herself, stalking his lectures on the very magic of the universe. She learned to grow her first flower from him.He took hers.And for a time they were happy until he betrayed her. He had been relaying information to the dark elves of Asgards might. The very elves that had escaped them in their conquest had left her All-Father very angry for years. The elves caused Asgard to suffer a drought, and lose hundreds to their swords.He was one of them. He hid his face with illusions and trickery. He took her child. She killed him.And as the blo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Magic
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hell
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Marvel Norse Lore
Fix-It of Sorts
Original Character(s)
Self-Insert
Self-Harm
Suicide Attempt
Miscarriage
Canon-Typical Violence
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Healing
Magical Bond
Prophetic Visions
Pre-Canon
Original Female Character(s) - Freeform
Mythology - Freeform

fandom: 
None
