Chapter 1



Notes:
Just updated it with some minor edits!!




Chapter Text



Day 0- 9:30 pm 



 
Steve Rogers, aka Captain America, got back from Avenger’s autograph session, and he helped with the cleanup at the compound. He took off his costume, revealing his hard muscular super-soldier body just in a jockstrap. In the past, Cap was used to jockstraps and found that it was one of the best supports when he’s saving the world and crimefighting. It also helped with his large super-soldier balls. He heard a soft “thunk” when he dropped his costume on the floor. Steve looked down and saw that he had forgotten to put a small present from a fan in his pocket. Memories rushed back as the fan stood out more than the hundreds of others that came to see him. He was one of the last ones that got his tight “Captain America” muscle shirt signed across his muscular chest. The man’s name was Scott, and he was tall, about the same height as him, and was quite muscular with blonde hair and blue eyes. Steve could tell he was quite a catch to the ladies and the guys if they were into that. Scott was super energetic and friendly, and Steve could tell he was one of his biggest fans. They couldn’t talk long as the signing was ending soon, and there were many more fans to get through. When the fan was leaving, he gave the small box to Steve, but he wasn’t supposed to do that. Each gift had to go through some screening, but they were behind, and Steve just pocketed it. “Ah shoot, I was going to put this in the screener,” Steve said, getting the box out of the costume’s pocket, “Ah, what the heck.” Steve knew he shouldn’t have opened it as it was against protocol, but there had never once had any gifts that were bombs or weapons. Also, the people who get to see them have been vetted extensively. Once he opened it, it was a small necklace with a clear crystal attached. It was clean and perfectly cut, how Steve likes things. He put it on his nightstand and looked at his room. His room was big, but there were not many things in it. He has a body-size mirror closet, a king-size bed, a desk with a large drawing pad, a mini living area, a private bathroom, and some weights against the wall. Steve decided to put on the necklace, and it looked lovely, snuggled between his massive pecs. He looked in the mirror, and he had to admit that he looked good with it. He saw his huge arms and decided to give them a flex while staring at the necklace. Steve then lets out a big yarn as he stretches and flexes his arms. He decides to get ready for bed. He brushes his teeth and goes to the bathroom as he checks out his chest. He noticed that he had a large package when he was peeing. Pre-serum, he had a decent package that Bucky would have said any girl would go nuts for. After the serum, his package almost grew twice as big, with 9 inches flaccid and 13.5 inches when erect. He took off his jockstrap and put on a clean one. Steve took off the necklace and gave it a kiss which he found weird but ignored as he set it down on the nightstand and fell asleep. 


Day 1- 6:00 am


 Steve Rogers woke at his usual time, but something was quite different. He had painful morning wood. He had them before, more often since the serum, but he was old-fashioned and didn’t want to masturbate until he found the right partner. Sure, he had masturbated before when he was younger, but he then made a pact after the serum not to do it. This time, however, was the most painful one he can remember, so he tried doing the calming exercises he does when aroused. After some deep breathing and meditation, the feeling wasn’t going away. Embarrassed, he finally decided to break his pact, took his big right hand, wrapped it around his 13.5 thick package, and started to stroke it. Immediately the stroking made his morning wood so much better as he went faster. Steve tried hard not to moan loudly even though the rooms were largely soundproof. After a couple more strokes, Steve moaned loudly as he had his first orgasm since the serum. He came 15 times all over his abs and pecs, and some landed on his neck and chin. “Oh fuck,” Steve said as he calmed down and let go of his package, still sputtering some cum. Steve looked down and couldn’t believe he came so much, another side-effect of the serum he didn’t know of. He didn’t have anything to clean himself up with close by, so he had to take the blanket and wipe all the cum off him. He got out of bed and took his cum covered blanket, and dropped it down to the laundry room where the robots did the Avenger’s laundry. He sees the necklace and gets the urge to put it on. He looked in the mirror, looking at his perfectly muscled body. Steve smirked at his body and how good-looking the crystal nestled in his meaty pecs was as he flexed his massive biceps. After flexing, Steve did his morning routine: doing push-ups, sit-ups, and pull-ups before getting in the shower. He got naked but left the necklace on and went in the shower. As he was soap
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
Avengers Team/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Masturbation
Hand Jobs
Public Hand Jobs
Muscles
Body Worship
Hero Worship
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
What If? (Marvel Comics)
Brock Rumlow is a Good Bro
Anal Fisting
Magic necklace
Sex Magic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
Avengers Team/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

