Work Text:

He was stuck at home again. Again. His foster family had taken their actual kids to the park to watch the fireworks – it was the fourth of July and they had the whole thing planned for ages. There was going to be a cook-out. The whole town was going to be there.
“I’m sure Steve doesn’t mean to ruin our party!” Mrs Harper cooed, while the human equivalent of Dudley Dursley threw a fit. Steve had been hacking up a lung all night, blood on the cloth he’d been hiding from the Harpers and he had a terrible, horrible feeling that the swelling feeling in his legs wasn’t… good. But he’d been sick so often that the family had been having ‘talks’ about him with his social worker. They thought he was faking it for attention. They didn’t believe in allergies, they thought that the best way to overcome those was to muscle through it. His asthma was psychosomatic, they told him. His scoliosis was because he didn’t exercise enough. So Steve had been hospitalised four times in the last 5 months with various issues, and he knew that he was going to be put with another family soon. He hoped he’d be put with another family soon.“I don’t want to ruin your party.” Steve managed. “You can go without me.” Talking hurt, he could taste the blood on his tongue, metallic and a worrying reminder that he was probably sicker than he thought.“He’ll touch my stuff!”“I promise I’ll stay in bed.” Steve sighed.So Steve had been left at home while the Harpers piled into the car and drove off to go to the big firework display. Steve liked fireworks, his mom had told him that they were all for him – once. When he was younger and she’d been a constant in his life, the kind of thing that you take for granted until its gone.He listened to the car pull out of the drive, the crunch of gravel and the spread of the headlights over the ceiling of the room he used to share with Gabe before the family sent him away to live with a ‘more appropriate’ foster home. He lay still for a long time, just listening. He didn’t feel right. Not at all – and he’d been sick a lot. A lot, but he’d never felt like this – this hopelessness, so alone. He felt… he felt like he was dying. It took him a long time to pull on his clothes and get out of the house. He knew where he wanted to go, but it was so hard to move. His heart with thumping in his ears with every step and Steve couldn’t quite catch his breath, but he… he knew. He knew where he had to go. The bus was quiet, and gave him enough time to collect his thoughts. He’d left his stuff at the Harpers house. They’d call the cops when they got back and found him gone, but he knew by then it wouldn’t matter. By then… The train was packed, the exact opposite of the bus, and Steve had to stand part of the way there before a couple of rowdy teenagers offered him a seat by them.“You okay, man?” One asked, and Steve could only nod. His legs were on fire, his lungs were burning. “Yeah? You look like death, dude.”“M’ fine.” He managed, and he was sure there was blood on his teeth. It took him a long, long time to get to the cemetery. He fell a couple of times, knees scraping along the tarmac and ripping into his denim jeans. They weren’t his, none of his stuff was really his. They belonged to boys who came before him, and they’d go to boys who came after him, and Steve just wished he’d had something he could call… his. It wouldn’t matter, it didn’t make a difference, but… he still wanted it.
The grave where Sarah Rogers was buried didn’t have flowers. Steve hadn’t been allowed to visit by the Harpers. They thought it was maudlin that he’d even want to – she was gone, and he didn’t need to be reminded. Fireworks were going off in the sky and Steve smiled at the stone, running his blue fingers over the smooth stone.
“Hi mom.” He whispered, and sat down on the damp grass. He couldn’t feel the cold, but he could feel the wetness seep through his torn jeans. “It’s July 4th and there are fireworks.” He added, before his eyes drifted shut. “Hey, kid.” A voice said, sounding amused. “You can’t sleep here.”Steve opened his eyes. He felt like he’d been sleeping for a long time, but there were still fireworks blazing overhead – huge blooms in all the colours his eyes could make out. There was a man standing over him, tall, broad – but Steve wasn’t scared, despite knowing he might be in danger from this stranger. “Move, kid.”“It’s my mom.” Steve said, and… his voice was hardly even a whisper, he could hardly even breathe, and he was warm. Warm like his mom was wrapping her arms around him and kissing him on the head and Steve’s eyes drifted shut again.“Kid, this aint a place for you tonight.”“It’s my birthday.”“I know.” The man said, sounding… amused. “That’s why this aint the place for you. Come back tomorrow. Come back in a week. But you can’t stay here tonight.”“I wanted to be with my mom.” Steve mumbled. “I didn’t want to die without my mom.”“Steven Grant Rogers, you really can’t be here.” The man was saying, but he sounded 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Demon Bucky
Angst with a Happy Ending
Meet-Cute
Alternate Universe - Demons
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

