Chapter 1: Dramatic Irony
    


Notes:
Hi, welcome to the undisputedly most popular Spec Spidey fanfic on the internet!If you can’t get enough of me, you can keep up with me on my Tumblr, where I’m currently drawing the start of this fic in comic form (just for fun. I’m not the greatest artist in the world). I’m called “thebandragoness” over there, too, so it should be easy to find.Also, please note that most reviews for this fic are discussing an older draft, so please don’t skim the reviews assuming it’ll give you any idea of what actually happens in this fic. It’ll be totally inaccurate.Anyways, hope you enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 

Lesson 1: 


Literary Studies 101


Face front, true believers! Today we bring you another 
scintillating
 tale, guaranteed to be packed with non-stop action and heart-racing drama 
for our favorite web-slinger
! Excelsior!
The man behind the counter gave him a dry stare. “Kid, look, I'm not stupid. I know what's going on here.”The kid shifted in place, pulling his hoodie tighter over his face. “What are you talking about? Nothing's going on here. I just want to buy this stuff.” He held out the bag in his hand.“Yeah,” said the man – “Bruce,” according to his name tag. “And you've wanted to buy that stuff every time you've come in here since last summer. The exact same chemicals in the exact same quantities every single freakin' time.” He leaned in closer, eyes narrowing. “The only thing I don't get is what kinda drugs you could possibly be making that need a twenty-pound sack of liquid cement.”The boy looked to the sack resting by his foot. “Uh, no, it's nothing like that!” he said quickly. “See, I, uh, I'm a science geek, and I use the chemicals and stuff for a... a science fair project.”The man raised an eyebrow. “A science fair project that's been going on nonstop all school year?”There was a prolonged silence.“Yes,” said the boy.“I can't believe he bought that! Sheesh, that's the last time I shop at Campbell's Chemistry Emporium.”Peter breathed a sigh of relief as he set the supplies down at his basement workstation. “Man, I bet it's crazy expensive everywhere else, though. Wonder if I could swipe some chemicals from the ESU lab...?” As he spoke, Peter set to work pouring vials of multicolored liquid together into a mixing bowl (Aunt May was out with Mrs. Watson. He'd have it washed and put back in no time). “Well, okay, I wouldn't steal if it was from the Connors, but they left town, and that Warren guy's a creep. He deserves to have a few chemicals stolen, doesn't he?” Next came time to pour the liquid cement. “Ah, what are you saying, Pete? You're better than that.”Then came the eggbeaters for stirring (He'd wash those, too). “Can he cook? He can bake. He makes radioactive cake. Look out... here comes the Spider-Chef!”Now for the hard part. Getting all that fluid into the tiny little capsules was tricky, but Peter had had plenty of practice.“And... voila! Now all that's left is to give it a test run.” The shooter snapped around his wrist with a pleasant click. Peter's eyes fell on an empty Coke can on the far side of the basement.Thwip. Said can was now in his hand.“And we've got webs.” The dryer abruptly stopped humming. “Oh, and the costume's ready. We're in business.”Peter ran for the laundry basket, tossing the web-shooters back on his work-table. “Webs, check. Costume, check. Witty repertoire, check. Finally, the fun part of the day can start. I'll stop some petty thieves, get crucified by the media, fight for my life with animal-themed supervillains... It'll be a hoot!” Peter couldn't help but grin as he dug his mask out from the gigantic pile of identical blue t-shirts in the machine.“Note to self, stop monologing out loud every time you're alone. It's starting to get weird.”
Thwip. Thwip. 
A “Wahoo!” escaped Spidey's mouth as he came off the arc of his swing. This was the best. The pleasant March air, the wind in his spandex... It felt like he belonged up here, dancing between buildings, rushing past rooftops-Ah, there we go. Now he was monologing in his head like he was supposed to.Spidey stuck himself to a skyscraper so he could get a better look at the streets below. Hmm... No crime as far as he could see. Definitely not any thematically appropriate mega-criminals swearing vengeance on him. In fact, the streets were cleaner than they'd ever been. With the feds still breathing down Tombstone's neck, the Big Man's whole operation was frozen with fear, and there hadn't really been any more supervillains since Gobby blew himself up.So the head of Oscorp dies, and suddenly all the mysterious new supervillains stop appearing? Probably just a coincidence. Yeah.Well, it'd been twenty minutes and the Lizard hadn't burst out of nowhere to eat everyone. This was boring. Spidey was hanging up the costume for the morning.Wait, was that a purse snatcher? No, no, he was just helping that lady cross the s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Sha Shan Nguyen/Flash Thompson

freeform: 
spectacular spider-man season 3
Sequel
Continuation
Humor
Fantastic Four Cameos
Marvel Universe

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Sha Shan Nguyen/Flash Thompson

