Chapter 1: Heat
    




Chapter Text
The heat hits a week after they are taken prisoner.
It's not ideal, Bucky knows that it's because he hasn't taken his military grade suppressants. Just a few days without them and the heat crashes down, hot and furious. 
He grits his teeth. Without the medicine, he's putting off too strong of a scent. Whether he likes it or not, someone is going to claim him. 
Probably not anyone that he wants to.
The other men, for the most part, show restraint. That, and Dugan gives them all the eye. The larger man is no one that anyone wants to tussle with. Besides, he knows Bucky has someone waiting back at home. 
Someone he has to get back to.
It can't be kept hidden from the Germans. The scent is too strong. They come with guns, drag Bucky kicking and groaning, half fearful, half hard from their touches. He hates his omega body with a passion.
They toss him in a room, dimly lit, with nice furniture and the scent of oak and cognac. He sweats, looking around dizzily.
"It's surprising to me that the United States military would allow an omega to join the ranks." The man in the room states with a clipped German accent. Johann Schmidt is made up of hard angular lines and bitterness. Bucky's heard the rumors about the man; he's pure evil. 
But right now, he smells like heaven, strong alpha scent emanating off of him in waves that make his cock impossibly hard, and his hole start to moisten. 
He actually fucking salivates.
"Don't they understand the overwhelming number of things that can happen to a bitch in heat?" Schmidt chides.
The words are crude, nasty, and they are meant to be. He bites the inside of his mouth, staring at the floor. He thought he could make something of himself, make Stevie proud by leading the 107th. An omega sergeant. The army had told him plenty of omegas could join and fight the good fight, and still be able to go home afterwards and marry. Bucky had never just limited himself to that. He didn't want to be treated like someone's little wifey. Steve didn't want that either, always treated him like an equal.
He'd thought anything was possible with the suppressants. 
But HYDRA had taken them when he'd been captured. He knew that they did it to torture him. 
They'd known what he was.
He feels a gloved hand fist in his hair and jerk his head up. Before he can protest, Schmidt is rubbing his face against his tented trousers. He sputters, trying to escape that scent that invades his senses, that musk that screams for him to be filled and dominated. It's no use. He chokes on the smell, drinking it in like liquor that leaves him heady and loose. Bucky can't help but whimper, he hasn't gone through a heat this bad since his teens. He trembles, cursing his body responds to the German's touch. 
Bucky doesn't see the needle until it is jabbing into his neck, flooding his system. He groans, eyelids fluttering, as he feels his boxers go moist. He's so turned on, even the needle being pulled from his skin is orgasmic.
Schmidt grabs his face, strongly gripping his cheeks between his fingers and thumb. "Your shirt." He commands. "Lose it."
It's almost impossible to fight the command. Still, Bucky tries to spit on the other man but only winds up with a fat gob of drool dribbling down his chin. Schmidt frowns. 
"Ever the hero, eh?" He uses his index finger to wipe the drool all over his lips. Bucky winces, the leather dancing over his skin sets off flutters in his belly.
"My serum will not be halted by military grade heat repressants, Sergeant Barnes. It is much too strong for that. Besides," He pushes a finger into the brunettes mouth, and Bucky reluctantly allows the digit to roll on his tongue. It tastes of animal skin and musk, smells of gunpowder and tea. He shudders, as it is worked in and out of his mouth. His own cock is pressing uncomfortably against the fly of his pants.
There is pressure and a tearing sound as Schmidt rips his shirt open. His nipples are already peaked, pebbled by his arousal. The German's other hand strokes along his sternum, tantalizingly close to the sensitive buds sending a flutter of desire to his belly.
No. Not like this. Weakly, he struggles.
Schmidt's hand is like a vice, holding him there. The aroma of his dominance is cloying, luring him into a sense of submission that is getting harder and harder to break free of.
He doesn't realize the man's other hand isn't holding his face anymore, and barely registers the sound of the zipper. But then the tang of that musk is on the air, heady and thick. It's like cigars and liquor, pine needles and sulfur, like being spread open and fucked over and over. . .
His groan is muffled only by the digit in his mouth. Schmidt pulls it out, a bridge of spit still connecting his mouth to the leather. Bucky gazes up through half lidded eyes, blinking hard. It's so hard not to submit. 
Schmidt's cold, dark eyes watch him until he has to look away, breaking eye contact to look down.
Directly at Schmidt's cock.
Bucky's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Johann Schmidt
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Claiming
Oral Sex
Nipple Play
Dominance
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Knotting
Breeding
Rape/Non-con Elements
Submission
Captain America: The First Avenger
Hydra (Marvel)
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Cock Cages
Bondage
Come Marking
Come Shot
Come Eating
Watersports
Piss
Humiliation
Drugged Sex
Nightmares
Bottom Bucky
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Couch Sex
Angst
Whump
Leashes
Collars
Blindfolds
Public Humiliation
Public Sex
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Anal Fingering
Orders
Facials
Broken Bucky Barnes
Master/Pet
Power Play
Crying
Men Crying
Suicidal Thoughts
Panic Attacks
Spanking
Hand Feeding
Chastity Device
Bed Sex
Feeding
Desperation
Orgasm Control
Dry Orgasm
Physical Abuse
Blackmail
giving in
Rescue Missions
Rescue
Singing
Identity Reveal
Bruises
Protective Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Drugs
Airplanes
Self-Harm
Drunkenness
Drunken Kissing
Drunk Sex
Stockholm Syndrome
Vomiting
Jealousy
Cock & Ball Torture
Heavy Drinking
Drinking to Cope
Blow Jobs
Depression
Military
Flashbacks
Sappy
Fluff
Protective Steve
Gentle Sex
Love Confessions
Declarations Of Love
Guns
Shooting Guns
War
World War II
Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pregnant Sex
Trains
Shooting
Death
Headshot
Trapped
Captain America: The First Avenger Compliant
falling
Loss of Limbs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Johann Schmidt
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

