Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Steve was holding the paintbrush about to dip it in an auburn red mixture of paint when he realized he was once again painting a certain redhead, he just finds himself doing this nowadays, if he’s not painting using his acrylics or oil paints, he finds himself sketching a soulful pair of eyes and that set of smile that would also bring out his own after doing so. He was always in his world when he’s painting, but that spell was broken when he heard his phone chime somewhere in his studio he went and checked only to find out he was running late. Everybody’s been trying to contact him, so he rushed and changed into his suit and drove his Harley to the church. “I’m here, I made it!” yelled Steve to everybody, then the ceremony began.Pepper was walking down the aisle looking very vibrant in her wedding gown, while Tony was shedding a tear as he looks at his future with Steve on his side as his best man.The ceremony ended in a blur and Steve finally noticed that they were in the reception already photos were taken, food and drinks were served and some dancing as well.The gang was gathered around the table, they were all chatting cheerily and talked about Pepper and Tony and how lucky they are for finding one another especially Tony since it was only Pepper who could put up with all his shenanigans. The couple approached the group then Tony suddenly asked Steve, “so Rogers, any plans on settling down anytime soon?” this got everyone’s attention and now all eyes were on him. They’ve been anticipating his answer for it’s been a long time since they’ve seen Steve date, anyone, seriously.“Whatever happened to that blonde lady you’ve been hanging out with?” asked Rhodey. “She’s Peggy’s cousin.” Thor chimed in “which is pretty icky when you think about it.”“Just for the record I didn’t know that part, that’s why when I found out I decided that we're better off as friends and we just went out for a couple of times.” Steve defended.“But let’s be honest bro, what happened to you and Peggy was so problematic,” Sam said. Then everyone looked at Steve as if waiting for an explanation. “Guys, can we blame Steve tho? We all know why that relationship was doomed from the start.” Bucky answered instead. “Besides, it’s not the Carters that we should talk about.”“Right, was it supposed to be the photographer?” asked Bruce innocently. Everyone was now looking intently at Steve then he just looked at them and said “She just might kill me if we do, and you’re all aware how feisty she can be.” Steve was giving a bitter-sweet smile while thinking about her. Everyone saw the glint in Steve’s eyes while talking about her they could tell that their friend hasn’t moved on yet and still regrets his mistake.Steve went home drunk off his ass that night.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Amnesia
Steve Rogers Feels
Natasha Romanov Feels
MCU AU Fest
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

