Work Text:
By the time someday rolls around, Angie is living in a broom closet under the 3rd Avenue El.As far as Miss Fry had been concerned, inviting a wanted criminal and traitor to stay at the Griffith was almost as bad as trying to sneak a man above the lobby.At least Angie had gotten out without having to listen to the Houdini speech again.There's no room to swing a cat in Angie's new place, and what furniture there is ain't nothing she wants to invite Peggy Carter to sit on, so they stand awkwardly just inside the door. "How d'you find me, Peg?" Angie asks. Miriam didn't exactly ask for a forwarding address, and even if she had, Angie can't imagine her handing it over to Peggy. "I have my sources," says Peggy, a flash of satisfaction crossing her face. "I bet you do, English.""Angie--" Peggy looks around the apartment in dismay "--you shouldn't be living somewhere like this.""Aw, Peg, it's not so bad..." Angie is about to say that between the automat and the audition carousel she's riding she's hardly ever home anyway, when Peggy interrupts: "You should come and stay with me.""Peggy--""Please, I insist. You helped me move into the Griffith when I found myself homeless, and I do feel responsible for your eviction, rather. Allow me to return the favour."Still, Angie is all set to say no when a cockroach makes a break for freedom, darting across the hall floor; Angie squashes it under her heel like a pro, smiles brightly at Peggy, and says, "Before we start thinking of setting up house together, I think you've got a story to tell me, English." "Yes, I suppose I do."*Angie's late for work, so most of Peggy's story she hears standing in the alley behind the automat when she's on break.Peggy's story - the bits that are more than significant pauses, and Honestly, Angie, I'm telling you as much as I can - goes like this: she was in the military during the war, and if Angie can take a hint, not in the typing pool or nothing; afterward she worked counterintelligence for an agency she can't name, classified and all that; she turned double agent for reasons that she swears were for the greater good, and Angie's inclined to believe her because the whole thing seems to have resulted in Peggy getting promoted to director of a different counterintelligence agency the name of which she can't tell Angie either."Jeez, Peg, that's great. Congratulations!" Peggy beams like maybe Angie's the first person to say that to her, and Angie spends the rest of her shift imagining packing her bags and moving out of her roach infested apartment. *The address Peggy gives Angie turns out to be for a penthouse in Manhattan; the kind of place Angie could never have imagined living even if she struck it big on Broadway, married rich, and stumbled over the proceeds of a bank robbery all in the same week. Peggy turns up with a suitcase and a set of keys while Angie's still trying to work out if she's in the right place. "Were you not living here already?" Angie asks with a frown. "Howard has been trying to insist; it's a perk of my new job, apparently. I haven't been using it, but you can't stay in that place, and we can't both sleep on the chairs in my office."Angie's reply is cut off by Peggy opening the door to high ceilings, polished floors, fresh cut flowers, and a totally cockroach free environment. *Angie finds out who the mysterious Howard is the same night she discovers the name of Peggy's secret agency.She's just gotten home after a shift at the automat, followed by an audition where she didn't even get to open her mouth before they told her thanks but no thanks. The penthouse has more rooms than she and Peggy could use even if they were both home all day, and Peggy has taken over one of them to use as a study. A man's voice floats out through the slightly ajar door. "You told her about SHIELD?"Peggy's reply comes quickly. "Her friendship with me resulted in her being thrown out of her home, Howard, I thought she deserved to know at least part of the truth. I haven't told Angie anything about SHIELD that could threaten SHIELD... or Angie."The man - Howard - laughs."Is something amusing, Howard?" "You tell me, Peg, you're the one who's always warning me away from strange women.""Oh, it's hardly the same thing." Howard says something inaudible that causes Peggy to retort, with a laugh in her voice, "Don't be lewd!"Angie reaches back with a huff of spies!, pushes the front door open, and slams it shut. "Peggy! I'm home.""Angie, how lovely." Peggy emerges from the study followed by, gee, that's Howard Stark. "Howard, this is Angie Martinelli my, ah, roommate. Angie, this is Howard Stark, we're--" there's a slightly too long pause before Peggy finishes "--old friends from the war."It's a good story, too - the war made for strange bedfellows - but it's a handy reminder that if Peggy isn't lying to Angie, she's not always telling her the whole truth either.   "Miss Martinelli, charmed." Howard takes Angie's hand, and for a moment it look
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
Living Together
Friends to Lovers
Bisexual Character
we're the last people to realise we're married

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

