Chapter 1: cause I? I know how to make the devil cry
    


Summary:

Hela, daughter of Odin.



Notes:
And so, it begins.I'm leaving the google doc open for one more week, and will put down final results next week.if u haven't gotten a chance to answer it, here: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeLBkP7puSFtKUCHo2tbOiEBzJCBBznFXN1r2Q3YRABokYEuA/viewform(some of y'all don't read the question in your assignments before answering it, uh?cause some of the answers u gave me on the google form last week !?!:!?"@!????? like i deadass told you what i wouldn't write and some of yall just... wrote what i would not write.besties what? plsalso im obviously not going to write EVERYTHING u requested - so sorry in advance. But thanks for giving me a general idea of the type of content you want [in one word all of u guys want TEETH ROTTING FLUFF and FUN, which i respect, i gave u too much pain])also spoilers for black widow in the chapter and the notes

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text





Earth-200207: April 2014
“No,” said Toni, not looking up from her laptop.“Ugh,” groaned Peter from beside her. “This is not fair! JOCASTA? KAREN?”“You know I cannot override Chief’s decisions,” pointed out JO, sounding very much amused.“And even if I could, I wouldn’t,” added KAREN, voice trying and failing to be stern. “You are supposed to be doing homework, not complaining about music.”“And that’s why I love you, Lady K,” said Toni, continuing to type. “Also Peter, I am  very disappointed in you.”“You’re just mad that my taste in music is better than yours,” he complained, scribbling something on his notebook.This time Toni did look up, just so she could level him with a ‘bitch please’ look. “Peter, yesterday you played ‘Roar’ on repeat like 20 times.”“37,” corrected Karen.Toni shuddered. “37 times! I am surprised there are still braincells left in your head after that.”“It’s catchy,” said the boy, voice petulant. “Maybe if  you had the eye of the tiger, the fighter, dancing through the fire, because you were the champion, then maybe you would understand what a masterpiece that song is.”“Where did I go wrong?” complained Toni, staring heavenward. “I swear I raised him right. I used to play ‘Stairway to Heaven’ when he started crying, and he’d calm down immediately. Now he likes top 40 pop songs,” she said, wiping at imaginary tears. “It’s terrible.”“You are  so dramatic.”“JB is at the door, Chief,” informed them JOCASTA. “Go ahead, let him in,” said Toni, still dabbing at her completely dry eyes.JB arched an eyebrow when he saw them, before turning to Peter with faux disappointment. “Why are you making your mother cry?”“She’s upset that I am tired of listening to her old people music and want to change it to my playlist instead,” he said, laughing at the sound of outrage that came from Toni at those words.“Excuse me did you just say ‘old people music’?” She demanded, very much offended. “You are grounded.”“You cannot ground me for speaking  facts!” complained Peter, turning to JB. “Back me up!”JB put both arms up, shaking his head vehemently. “I refuse to get involved in this, last time I tried was more than enough,” he said, shuddering slightly at the memory. Instead he looked over at the paper in Peter’s hands with a frown. “What are you even doing?”“Geography paper,” explained Peter, voice almost a whine. “I  hate  geography. It’s so  boring.”“What are you guys doing this year?”“The European Union,” explained Peter. “And something something about trade and whatever. It’s just boring.”“I was not very good at school either,” admitted JB. “But I can help out, if you want? Are you studying or are you answering questions?”“Answering questions,” he said, passing his worksheet to JB. “But they’re boring and I don’t want to do them.”“The quicker you do them, the quicker you can go home and play with your friend Ted online,” sing sang Toni, now once facing her laptop.“His name is  Ned, and you know that!”Toni just smirked to herself, before immersing herself in her work once more, ignoring the sounds of Peter and JB trying to make sense of his homework.She’d have helped him, but what they taught in geography now was very much different from what they taught back in her day, and last time Stephen had tried to help, Toni had come back home to find him, Bruce, Rhodey and several whiteboards as they tried to make sense of what the question was supposed to mean.It had been both very funny and sad, and also a cautionary tale for Toni to avoid Peter’s homework unless it was maths, because maths never changed. Numbers continued to work as they should.Normally Toni would not be at the Compound's main office, but Rhodey and Hope had taken the day off so that they could go to the twins' school recital, and Toni had offered to cover for him. What kind of recital would 3 years olds be able to do, Toni still wasn’t sure, but she was ready to bet it was something incredibly adorable.She frowned
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Hope Van Dyne
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Do-Over
Sister Reality
Reincarnation
Female Tony Stark
Soul travel
Maria Stark Lives
POV Multiple
Infinity Stones
Sentient Infinity Stones (Marvel)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Stephen Strange's Biological Child
Hurt/Comfort
Male-Female Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
sharon carter and tony stark are cousins
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne Friendship
Carol Danvers & Stephen Strange - Freeform
Platonic Soulmates
Stephen Strange & Wong Friendship
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
Children of Characters
Protective Bucky Barnes
battle of earth
BAMF Tony Stark
Gamora Deserves Better (Marvel)
Jane Foster & Gamora
Minor Character Death
Accidental World Domination

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Hope Van Dyne
Loki & Tony Stark

