Work Text:
It began because Coulson was a complete troll. It continued because Captain America was apparently a big sap underneath the alpha dog attitude and it just kept going because apparently everyone on the team was crazy and also a sucker for Captain America's big puppy eyes. Tony was just not used to not being the craziest person in his general vicinity, which was why he was caught completely unawares when Natalie—sorry, Natasha—strode into his office looking sexy and streamlined in a pencil-skirt-professional-blouse ensemble and chucked a hideous Christmas Sweater at his head.
"GAH!" Tony said, and then, "Are you trying to blind me? Or kill me? Or both?"
Natasha smirked. Glittery yarn scratched his skin as the sweater slid down Tony's face. He grabbed it and pulled it the rest of the way off because it was uncomfortable, not because Natasha was slightly terrifying when she smiled and Tony didn't like having his line of sight obscured when she looked at him like that.
"Seven o'clock," she said. "Avengers' meeting. Hellicarrier. Wear the sweater."
"What?"
But, message apparently delivered, Natasha turned and headed for the door without further elaboration.
"I'm allergic to wool!" he called after her.
"It's acrylic," she said over her shoulder.
Tony shuddered. "I'm allergic to awful things."
"If you don't come, Cap'll be disappointed."
"As if I care!" Tony said, but she had already stepped through the door and closed it after her.
Tony didn't care. He didn't. If Cap had wanted Tony there that much he would've come and told Tony about the party himself. He hadn't, and that was completely fine. Which was why he spent three hours bent over his desk doing work in a totally non-guilty and unaffected way like the responsible adult he was and that, clearly, the rest of his team only hoped of being.
Until Pepper stepped into his office and froze dead in her tracks. "Tony?"
He glanced up, feeling his back twinge and hiding a wince because he was a manly man who Got Things Done and absolutely didn't care what Captain Christmas Spirit thought of him. Her expression made him look quickly over his shoulder, expecting to see Doctor Doom or some member of AIM standing behind him with a flame thrower.
"What?" he asked, when no imminent danger seemed present.
"What are you doing?"
"Expense reports for the Foster and Lewis Project...?"
If he sounded unsure it was only because her utterly disbelieving expression made him half-afraid that wasn't what he was doing. That, somehow, he was performing some act of moral reprehensibility instead, like he'd look down and realize he'd been doing body shots off a naked hooker and still had the lime in his mouth.
"Those aren't due until Friday."
"And it's..."
"Wednesday."
"...so?"
Pepper took another tentative step into the room and closed the door behind her. "So usually that means you don't do them until Friday. Or, rather, I do them on Friday and forge your signature."
Pepper was the best.
"Have I told you how awesome you are, lately?" he asked, filled with sudden fondness.
"This morning," Pepper said. "Say it again."
"You're awesome," Tony told her obediently.
"I know. Tony..." She glanced down at his desk. "What's that?"
Tony followed her gaze and found himself staring at the terrible sweater that was folded neatly in a corner of his desk. When had that happened? He'd meant to throw it away. Well, he'd do that now. Right now. In just a minute.
"Tony?"
Dammit, subconscious!
"It's a Christmas sweater. Apparently there's a party-thing. Tell me I have a Very Important Meeting that I Couldn't Possibly Miss?" he gave her a pleading look and she checked her tablet.
"Actually, your schedule is totally free by six thirty," she said, and she sounded genuinely surprised so Tony could only assume that Natasha had hacked his system somehow.
"Crap. Fire my NS department. No, hire more. No, just--I'm going to have to completely rework my network security which is perfect because I need someplace to hide and Lab 3 is open, isn't it?"
"Tony," Pepper's voice sharpened as her minimize-damage-caused-by-Hurricane-My-Dumbass-Boss instincts kicked in. "What's going on? Do I need to prepare a press release?"
"What time is it?"
Pepper glared at him for a few moments, apparently choosing to be stubborn about wanting a straight answer which--okay how long had she worked for him? They stared at each other in stalemate until Tony realized he had his own watch. It was 6:00 PM.
"Crap." Tony stood up. "I gotta go, Pep. Tell no one where I am."
"Tony--"
They were interrupted when a flash of lightning flooded the room and a boom of thunder shook the building and Tony was in the process of tackling his PA and dragging her to safety under his desk, half blind and mostly deaf, when he realized that he was now friends with an elementally-aligned god and looked out the window instead.
Thor was outside the glass beaming and looking for all the world like he was standing solidly on thin air, the wind whipping his cape 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Schmoop
everyone's probably too well adjusted
tony still has issues though

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

