Chapter 1: A Flight of Five
    


Summary:

Bucky has his first experience at an omega tea House. He is enamored with one of the boys.





Chapter Text
Bucky checks the time on his phone again and scowls, cursing quietly in the backseat. He’s going to be so late. By nearly twenty minutes, once they finally arrive, thanks to the useless uber driver he’d snagged. He pays the guy and gets out of the car with a bad attitude, already thumbing through the app on his phone to give the guy a poor rating.He's fucking late.He’s harried as he pushes in through the carved wooden doors, worrying about whether or not this is going to ruin his lunch, so he isn’t prepared for what he finds inside.Bucky’s never been to an omega tea house before. The smell is what hits him first—incense and pheromones—and he stalls in place at the entrance, eyes going wide. “Oh,” he says quietly. It smells fantastic in here. He glances around. The interior is divided into rooms with wood and paper, everything sparse and exotic looking. There is soft, alluring music playing in the background, something with strings. Bucky gets a hold of himself and walks over to the hostess stand. There is a middle aged woman standing there, waiting patiently for Bucky to speak. She’s small and fragile, clearly omega, and Bucky feels so odd asking her to do something for him. He’s never seen an omega in a setting like this; out in the world, working at a job, like a real citizen. “Hi,” he says, knowing that she’s waiting for him to initiate. “Ah, I’m meeting some clients here. Pruitt and Kline?”The woman nods. “Yes sir, your party is right this way if you’d like to follow me.”Bucky smiles a little at her. She comports herself just like a regular person. “Sure, honey,” he says indulgently, and she blushes and lowers her eyes, pleased. Bucky chuckles. He gets led to a private room and sees the two men he’s meeting. “Gentlemen,” he is immediately saying as he’s led over to the table. “Sorry to keep you waiting!” He injects confidence into his voice, acting as if the twenty minutes is merely a minor inconvenience. He doesn’t want to make a big deal about it. A man of his stature shouldn’t grovel, not if he wants this lunch to be a success. He takes big strides over to the low table where the other two men are seated and lowers himself to the floor. “This is some place,” he comments. He glances back at the hostess, who is politely backing out of the room. He turns back around. “Do they ah, actually employ them?”Pruitt barks out a laugh. “What? No.” Kline smiles too, and Bucky feels stupid for having said it. “Course,” he says.“They're kept,” Pruitt says. “Houses buy their omegas from the training schools.”“Oh.” Bucky knows those, of course. His parents had produced an omega child—a girl—when Bucky was five years old. She’d been sent away to her new life shortly after. Bucky had been kind of disappointed, but he’d gotten a beta sister not even two years later. “Course.”Kline moves the conversation away from Bucky’s stupid blunder and starts talking business, and Bucky falls into easy discussion with the two men. It isn’t too long before Bucky notices another omega has entered the room. This one’s male, and he’s just as delicate and fine-boned as the hostess had been. He’s younger, dressed in a kimono of pale blue and red, delicate flower patterns cascading down the sides. Bucky smiles widely at him. “Well aren’t you lovely.”The boy smiles with his eyes downcast, tucking his hands further into his lap where he’s kneeling. “Thank you,” he says quietly.Bucky is charmed. He turns back to his associates. “You fellas ready to order?”They put their tea orders in and Bucky orders a platter of light finger foods for the table. He watches as the omega listens attentively, then nods and rises to his feet as if he’s on strings. “So graceful,” Bucky murmurs as he watches the boy leave. “They’re the best of the best,” Pruitt agrees. “Little works of art. I’m jealous of ‘em.”“Thought you had one at home?” Kline says.“Yeah, but tea House omegas are on another level. You think they ever put these on the market?” Pruitt scoffs. “They’re reserved for the pros.”“Too bad,” Bucky laments. He thinks of the beautiful kimono their server was wearing, imagines the long, tender process it would be to divest him of it. “I’d love to have him.”“Well, they offer tastings,” Pruitt says. He looks back through the menu, then finds what he’s looking for and points. “Here: House milks.”Bucky takes the menu that he slides over and reads it for himself.
Can’t decide? Create your own flight of five (two ounce tasting portions) for $49.99
It lists way more than five options, the omegas’ names and their flavor profiles described next to each. But Bucky makes a face at the price, which isn’t exactly professional of him, but he can’t help it. “That’s steep for just a few sips,” he mutters. He could have a whole steak dinner at a nice joint for less than that.It's Kline who chuckles now. “You’ve never had t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Male Lactation
Milking
Breastfeeding
Feminization
Power Imbalance
Subjugation
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Sex Work
Gender Roles
Dubious Consent
Altered Mental States
Self-Lubrication
Anal Fingering
Dom/sub Undertones
Castration
Japanese Culture
Kimono
Breeding
Forced Pregnancy
Surrogacy
Size Difference
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Sexism
Gender Nullification
Dystopia
Alternate Universe - Dark
body image issues
NSFW Art
Mates
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Pregnancy Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

