Chapter 1: Harry: Be Careful what You Wish for
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Staring down on the letter with unseeing eyes, Harry James Potter was torn between hysterical laughter, bone deep exhaustion and fury. 

Right now, all of those emotions lay at his fingertips and felt as if they were on another continent at the same time. Like most things nowadays. Which, if Harry wanted to be optimistic, was a good thing, since he knew how to handle that. 

Mostly.

Leaning back in his kitchen chair, the savior of the Wizarding World (at least he still had been last he checked, wasn’t sure what the public had declared him to be today yet) exhaled. Calmly. Controlled. 

Funny how a year on the run, a very 

very

 near death experience and fulfilling your destiny put everything into perspective.

Or destroyed everything you had built your world view on and plunged you into a permanent state of 

sure, that may as well happen

.

Exhaustion it was, then.

That wasn’t a surprise. Not really. Or at all. By now, Harry was thankful enough to even feel the sparks of emotions before just going with whatever bullshit fate itself threw at him. That didn’t mean he was just accepting it, of course not. He had just yesterday told Shaklebolt to go fuck himself. Not in those exact words, but it had been close enough. 

Why did everyone think they knew what Harry was going to do? Or what would be best for him? He had no clue whatsoever what he wanted to do. And it was best to not even think about what would be best for him, because the first thing coming to mind was 

straightjacket

. 

Sure, he had always wanted to become an Auror. But had 

he 

wanted that, or had he been made to believe he wanted that to hone his skills to fulfill his bloody destiny? Did he want to become a magical copper and spent the rest of his life fighting against the next wanna-be Dark Lord?

Always provided that Rita Skeeter didn’t have the sight and he wouldn’t someday snap and use all the 

dark powers and worrying influence

 he had, militarized Dumbledore's Army and declared himself King of the Universe. Or whatever she thought he was going to do.

On the other hand, he was absolutely 100% sure he wasn’t a Saint, something she had written a few weeks ago, so he was probably good.

Also, he would never be able to rule the world without Hermione and as she was going to repeat her seventh year in Hogwarts he would have to wait for at least a year before going mental and declaring himself Major Threat Persy. 

Looking down on the letter lying before him, Harry exhaled. This was, in a twisted sort of way, everything he had wished for since he could remember. He hadn’t wished for this, of course. Not at all. 

It wouldn’t change anything though, wouldn’t it? 

Grabbing his wand he summoned his patronus without really thinking about it. “Sherbet Lemon.” 

This had not been the eighteenth birthday he had envisioned. Hell, he had planned to stay in his cosy apartment, thanking Merlin himself that no one aside from Ron and Hermione knew that he didn’t live in Grimmauld place any longer and meeting with them later on in a pub in the muggle part of London. 

Where no one knew them. 

Where no one would get either weirdly appreciative or offended or tried to kill him. And yes, that was becoming even more common since the end of the war and wasn’t that depressing? 

He had just wanted a quiet day for once.

As if he could even have a fucking quiet day.

He had even braved the worry and ire of Molly Weasley when he had told them last week he didn’t want to celebrate his birthday just to have a little peace and quiet. 

The loud crack of apparition ripped through his apartment and Harry was once again thankful for all the protective and noise canceling spells he had learned last year. 

“Harry!” 

“Kitchen.”

Just a heartbeat later the boy who lived twice had his arms full of the brightest witch of her age, trying to strangle him with her hug. Her brown curls almost completely blocked his view. He could still hear the footsteps behind her promising Ron had come with her when Harry had sent them his distress signal.

“What happened!” She stepped back, patting him down as if searching for wounds, broken bones or at least some bruises.

As Harry had known he would be, just behind her, his wand drawn, stood Ron.

“Sit down.”

“Harry, what-”

“Please, Mione.”

Hermione’s expression grew even more concerned, her brown eyes focussing almost immediately on the folded piece of parchment on his kitchen table.

“What happened mate?” Ron sat down right beside him, one hand grabbing his shoulder. Grounding Harry.

Swallowing, he pushed the parchment towards Hermione and nodded to her. 

Never one to hesitate, she grabbed the letter, unfolded it and stopped almost immediately again, before looking at Harry. 

“June 23rd 1994.” She read out loud.

They had written and sent that letter before he had even been born. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Harry Potter & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Parent Tony Stark
Parent-Child Relationship
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
changed timeline
harry is 18
Harry is a Little Shit
Healing
Trauma
Found Family
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Post-Avengers (2012)
Learning to trust
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Slow Burn
Sarcasm
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Crack
Existential Crisis
Finding a new Purpose in Life
Canon-Typical Violence
probably superhero fighting
Learning to become a Family
Learning to deal with trauma
Learning to have fun
There will be NO bashing
but a lot of critical thinking
more tags will be added as we go along

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Harry Potter & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

