Work Text:
The first time is a complete accident.JARVIS tends to overreact about tiny things like fire in the workshop and calls the emergency respondents even though Tony is fine. He would tell JARVIS not to let them in but JARVIS has anticipated this, takes himself offline for routine maintenance and opens all the doors so he's not exactly disobeying a direct order.A severely beautiful woman in the black uniform of the local private facility appears with a bulky bag over her shoulder and a no-nonsense expression on her face. "Sir, do you want to tell me what happened?" she asks and even though it's a normal question for one of these guys Tony's sure, he still feels like he should apologize for disturbing her and buy her things until she stops silently judging him."It's nothing, I'm fine," Tony tries, which is apparently the completely wrong thing to say because she just rolls her eyes and says, "Let me be the judge of that, Sir," which on paper would be polite but Tony gets the feeling he was just called a dumbass to his face."What have we got?" a man appears behind the woman and Tony loses a second to gaping because goddamn. The guy is all broad shoulders, blonde hair and impossible teeth. "It's fine, my robot put me right out," Tony tries, leaning past the woman because the guy looks a little less like he wants to stab Tony with something. "Concussion?" the guy asks, raising an eyebrow at his partner."No, no," Tony huffs. "My robot put me out." He waves a hand at Dummy and his two well-meaning intruders turn to look. Dummy waggles the fire extinguisher at them jauntily."Oh, okay," the guy says, slowly turning back around."I swear, I'm barely burnt and I've got some stuff that'll fix it right up, better than you guys have in your rig anyway," Tony says, paws at his worktable and comes up with an unmarked jar."Whatever herbal remedy you think you have-" the woman starts to say with an air of impatience and Tony snorts a laugh."Honey, this isn't herbal. This is Stark Burn Salve." The two of them still look dubious and Tony sighs, puts his not-crispy hand to his temple and rubs. "Look, I'm pretty busy, I'll sign whatever you need me to but I'm not coming with you. I'm not in any immediate danger, right?""Fine," the woman says, stands and shoulders her bag. "Look, it'd be better-" the guy starts to say."What's your name?" Tony asks and the guy blinks at him."Um, Steve.""Fine, Steve, please, get out of my house," Tony says, but he smiles and Steve rolls his eyes and looks exasperated which shouldn't be so cute."Alright," Steve says. "Just... get it checked out properly when you have a chance," he adds as a final plea."Whatever," Tony says with a dismissive wave, indulges himself in watching Steve leave because he's only human before he gets back to work and JARVIS's ongoing disapproval.

*
The second time is mostly an accident because Tony is thinking about how he could get Steve to come back out to his house without it seeming creepy when he slips on a patch of oil that Dummy was supposed to have cleaned up hours ago and cuts his back open on the corner of a carelessly discarded toolbox.Which he also chooses to blame Dummy for.Steve's by himself when he appears, holding the bulky bag. Tony's busy scowling at the long cut in the mirror with his shirt pulled up awkwardly around his upper torso so he doesn't notice until Steve clears his throat."Oh, hey, hi," Tony says brightly, sounding like a complete dork. He honestly wants to smack himself with something."Natasha wouldn't come down because she said you're just going to kick us out again," Steve says and Tony's pleased that Steve's eyes keep straying to his bared chest."Not at all," Tony says. "I actually need your help.""Great," Steve says, then frowns. "I mean, not great just... you know what I mean," he huffs and his ears go pink and it's adorable."Yep, I can't reach," Tony says, half-turns to indicate his back."Let me get a compress on that and we can head off," Steve offers, starting to un-shoulder the bag and move forward."Oh, no, I'm not coming with you, I just need help," he says and the eager look on Steve's face drops off."That's a big cut and it looks pretty deep. It's going to need attention.""So, give it attention," Tony says, hooks the canister with the spray nozzle off his workbench it took him ten minutes to find because the place is a complete disaster area and hands it over.Steve looks at the canister in his hand and then back at Tony, puzzled. "What's this?""Better than stitches or glue," Tony says. "Trust me.""I'm not just spraying something into your wound. It needs to be cleaned and-""This does all that," Tony says, waving a dismissive hand. "Believe me, this stuff is excellent.""Why haven't I heard of it, then?""Red tape, patents, no human trials yet, yada," Tony says. "It's all fine, it's just that we don't know if it'll cause people to turn into, like, frog monsters in ten years or something.""That's an actual risk?" Steve asks."Who k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Pre-Relationship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

