Work Text:
“You know where we oughta go, spidey? Rome.”  
 
Wade’s swinging his feet over the edge of the building, mask underlit by a million city lights from the street below, flicking a butterfly knife open and closed between his fingers, center of balance curled towards Peter like he’s not afraid of falling sixty-seven stories to his temporary death, which - he probably isn’t.  
 
The police scanner in Peter’s mask is buzzing on low-volume in his ear, but it’s a slow night and he’s happy for the company, happy to have something to distract him other than the usual jumble of math and science and grocery lists and the fact that his suit is torn and fraying at the right knee.
 
“I’ve been to Italy, yeah, but I ain’t never been to Rome, only been to some shitty little boat town in the middle of no-fucking-where, and what’s even the point of going to Italy if you ain’t gonna go to Rome, am I right? Because the Roman Empire, oh my, the Roman Empire, that’s what I’m talkin’ about, Julius Caesar and shit, S-P-Q-R, I woulda loved to be a Roman, spidey, all that invadin’ and conquerin’ and Italian food, and they got to fight elephants - elephants, I tell you, fuckin’ plot twist turns out Hannibal was the real shit, but how do you even fight an elephant, spidey?”
 
“I dunno,” Peter tries to contribute, when Wade stops to breathe.  “Big guns.  Anti-aircraft guns.”
 
“Throw a tank at it,” Wade suggests.  “Drop a mountain on it, hit it with a really big rock - “
 
“Web its legs together and take it down Battle of Hoth style - “
 
“Get all bouncy and make like Legolas, run a mouse out in front of it, or a whole herd of mice - “
 
“Pull the rider off and take it over, wreak havoc on all the other elephants - “
 
“I think if I got my hands on one of those big nasty broadswords as big as two guys stuck together I could take it out manual-like,” he gesticulates with the butterfly knife to demonstrate.  “I don’t know why people ever stopped slashin’ stuff, spidey, I mean really hackin’ and stabbin’, that’s the best way to do it, we never shoulda switched to guns, I mean don’t get me wrong, they get the job done good, whack splat blam, but there isn’t the same satisfaction, y’know?”
 
Peter doesn’t know, never having taken a sword to anyone, but Wade’s not actually looking for any reply, just tramples on as Peter smiles privately under his mask.  “I stole this sword from a meat guy in Kuala Lumpur once, weirdest sword I ever seen, couldn’t leave that sitting there una-fucking-preciated, woulda been a crime to leave it, I tell you, the edges were all wavy, loved that sword like my own dick, then here it goes and falls over the edge of one of the Himalayas, couldn’t tell you which one, I woulda gone after it but looky-here there was a nasty spitty lion thing and some magic asshole on my back - “
 
“Hold up,” Peter interrupts, holding up a hand and just about losing a finger to Wade’s blurred butterfly knife, “what the fuck is a meat guy?”
 
“Some schmuck who sells meat on the streets, y’know, street meat, shish kebabs, gotta keep up, spidey.  Anyway, where was I - “
 
“Nasty spitty lion thing and some magic asshole - “
 
“Sure, sure, right, best sword I ever had, spidey, then these motherfuckers come along and make me drop it, so of course I gotta kill ‘em better than usual, so I chucked that lion thing over the side of the mountain too, figure maybe it’ll get impaled on my sword or somethin’ lucky, but this magic asshole goes and abra-cadabras my arm off, my best arm too, so I blew him to Timbuktu in an avalanche, but I ain’t never found another sword like that one, its name was Ricardo, me and Ricky went through a rough coupla weeks together - “
 
“You hungry?” Peter asks.
 
The knife stills abruptly in Wade’s fingers, the blade flipped closed.  Peter thinks his mouth is probably hanging open under the mask.  “I could eat,” he says.
 
“Chinese?”
 
“Come on, spidey, Chinese? You know me better.  Chimichangas.”
 
“Teriyaki,” Peter negotiates.  “Kung pao.  Egg foo young.  Moo goo gai pan.”
 
“Moo goo gai pan,” Wade exclaims.  “Alright, Chinese it is, you win this round,” he’s already halfway over the side of the building, fingers gripping the spaces in between the bricks, “let’s go to a real place though, but not too nice, ‘cause nice places frown on spandex, but I think I saw a nice hole-in-the wall named Number One Restaurant or some fuckery on the way up, they probably have moo goo gai pan - “ his voice fades off as he scales down the wall, still chattering.
 
Peter’s glad for the mask, because his smile feels dopey, definitely lopsided, definitely too big for his face.  He kicks off the ledge and lets himself drop, the police scanner still droning on uneventfully in his peripheral.
 
sss
 
It’s a week, three bruised ribs, and a minor chemical explosion in Peter’s kitchen (lab) later that Wade says, “Hear me out, spidey.  Everyone in this fucking city is trying to kill me.”
 
Peter squints at him sleepily over the bright bea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Violence
Hurt Peter
also hurt wade but that only ever lasts a second or two
bed sharing
cursing
Scars
Spandex
wade has a thing for peter's hair
very little plot
alien invasions
Pet Names

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

