Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Life seldom moves in slow motion. It's a blur of moments that bleed into days that bleed into weeks that bleed into years.  It's poetic, and although Peter isn't one who is usually into all of that—he's a man of science, facts, and logic—here he is, thinking about moments seeping like blood as he, himself, bleeds onto the floor. His thoughts probably don't make any sense, but considering he's pretty sure he just felt his brain rattle around in his skull like a jar of marbles, it's not all that surprising.  With a wince, Peter turns his head and squints at his own blood pooling beside him on the kitchen tile. He lifts a hand and gently swirls a finger in it.  "You killed him!" Bri—the red-haired, freckle-faced little girl—shrieks. Richie scoffs and rolls his blood-shot eyes as he turns back to light his cigarette. "He ain't dead." He kicks his little brother's leg. "His eyes are open."  Chase, the other redhead who is sitting on the table, says, "Dead people's eyes can be open."  "Ketchup," Peter whispers under his breath, then scrunches his face up and reminds himself that it's his blood and that he shouldn't eat it.  Heavy footfalls from across the cramped apartment bound into the room. Syd—a thirteen-year-old girl with her light chocolate hair pulled up in a haphazard bun on the top of her head—stops short in the doorway. "What was that noise?" Chase and Bri's heads whip to their cousin. Bri points at Peter's half-conscious form on the floor. "Richie murdered Peter!" "He's not dead, he's just a pussy," Richie snaps, taking a draw of his cigarette.  Syd's hands ball into fists at her sides. That, along with the twitch of her left eye, are tell-tale signs that the youngest Parker sibling is pissed to hell.   Taking two strides into the kitchen, Syd shoves Richie with two hands hard enough for his tall, lanky frame to slam into the counter.  "Hey!" She takes his cigarette, too, and throws it into the sink as she steps around Peter's limbs. "You can't smoke in here, Richie. Do you want to take Nico to the hospital for another asthma attack?"  "He's not even in the room!" Richie throws his hands up and leaves the kitchen, shaking his head and muttering while rubbing his face.  Syd leans over her other brother's form and pats his cheek. "Hey, focus-up, Petey. You good?" Peter blinks long and slow, then focuses on his younger sister's face hovering over his. His eyes trail over the eyes that are almost identical to his, only a darker shade with longer eyelashes. Her nose isn't as crooked as his—a result of broken noses that never healed right, both on Spider-Man duty and from Peter Parker Problems—but other than that, she's basically a feminine version of himself. It makes sense, since they're only three years apart, but after having his brains knocked around from the backhand and bouncing off the floor, it's a little jarring. When Peter just stares at her, Syd frowns. She pats his face a little harder. "You don't need a doctor, do you?"  The second pat brings Peter back. He blinks a few times, then scrunches his face when his fingers gingerly brush over the split in his skin at the back of his head. "No doctor," he hisses through bared teeth, wiping the blood staining his fingers onto his jeans. "I'm good. Everyone else good?" Syd rolls her eyes fondly and pats his shoulder twice before straightening and helping him up. "See? He's fine, guys."  When his head spins, Peter catches himself on the counter. "Geez, that's a hard floor."  "What'd you do to piss Richie off?" Syd asks, walking around him to lift Chase up from under his armpits and set him down on the floor.  "I gave him shit for smoking with Nico's asthma and everything. Might've said something else, too." "Petey said that Richie's a selfish asshole who only cares about himself, and drugs, and screwing Cherry," Bri pitches in, earning a look from Peter. Peter, in turn, gets a look from Syd.  Peter turns back to his younger sister and lifts a dish towel to the back of his bleeding head. "That's...yeah. That's what I said." He gives the five-year-old girl a strained smile. "Thanks, Bri."  The sound of the TV in the next room switching back from commercial grabs Chase's attention. He grabs his sister's hand and tugs her out of the room. "It's back on!"  "Ow! My arm!" "Come on, Bri! You're gonna miss it!"  With the two young ones out of the room, Peter sighs and drops the towel onto the floor. He uses his foot to mop up the drops of blood. Syd releases a sigh, too, and leans her back against the counter with her freckled arms crossed. She watches Peter clean up the blood and rinse the cloth in the sink silently, then says, "I don't see why we haven't kicked him out yet." Running the cloth under the running faucet, Peter glances sideways at her. "We have. He just keeps coming back." "And Aunt May keeps letting him in," she adds, frustrated. "You'd think she'd h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Teen Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Peter Parker has PTSD
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Peter Parker Has Siblings
Peter Parker Needs a Break
Hurt Peter Parker
Out of Character May Parker (Spider-Man)
Aunt May is kinda the worst
Dark May Parker (Spider-Man)
peter has two other siblings
May has some kids too
Inspired by Shameless (US)
loosely inspired by shameless
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Protective Ned Leeds
I'm Bad At Tagging
Bad Parenting
Abusive Relationships
Abusive Parents
alcoholic May parker
Drug Abuse
Substance Abuse
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Drug Addiction
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
messed up family
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags Are Hard
Language
NOT STARKER - Freeform
we do not condone starker in this household
Out of Character Peter Parker
Peter is fed up
he needs a nap
And a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parentification
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Starvation
not too bad tho
dont worry

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man)/Original Male Character(s)

