Chapter 1: Maria Hill: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
Maria didn’t like Tony Stark. She’d never liked Tony Stark. But she’d agreed to take the job under him so that she could continue to protect the now vulnerable agents of SHIELD. Fury had also asked her to keep an eye on Stark but honestly, her priority was the burned agents they were desperately trying to rescue.
So no, Maria Hill didn’t like Tony Stark.
He was loud and arrogant, he thought he was God’s gift to women, he had an ego the size of his skyscraper and in general, she just couldn’t stand him.
At all.
But she’d suck it up for the agents.
However…
She didn’t expect this.
“What’s the percentage of extracted agents?” Stark barked, walking fast enough that she almost had to run to keep up. Potts walked beside him like she was perfectly used to this, head bent over her tablet.
“Currently at fifty-two percent Sir,” the AI answered.
“Rhodey what’s the situation with the military?” Stark switched to the conversation on his comm unit before cursing. “Make it happen Rhodey! We need to get those agents out before they get captured! I don’t care what you have to promise. As long as it’s not weapons do it so we can get the green light. Pepper-”
“I’ve opened up a total of one hundred and five positions in the Tower, another two hundred and fifty-four in California, three hundred and ninety-two at various sites around the country and we have an estimated four hundred open in other countries.”
Stark nodded sharply. “Families extracted JARVIS?” he demanded.
“Eighty-five percent.”
“Fuck we need to get the rest out,” he muttered. “We can’t have much more time. Have you grabbed what you can off the internet?”
“I have Sir but most of the information was accessed before I could scrub the files.”
Stark cursed again and made a sharp turn into his lab.
“Tony, you’re on bed rest, you just had heart surgery,” Potts’ tone was sharp.
Maria’s eyes widened slightly at the information. They’d known that Stark had been to the hospital following the Mandarin debacle, but she hadn’t known it was that serious.
“I’m fine Pepper. Fine enough for this at least.” He settled himself at the computer, the screens lighting up. “Let’s get hacking J. We need to get as much of that information out of dangerous hands as possible.”
“Of course Sir.”
With that, Stark ignored them, diving into his work.
Maria glanced at Potts who inclined her head to the side. “We’ve got people to place in the company Miss Hill,” she ordered. “We can’t help with the computer side of things.”
Maria nodded and fell into step behind the redhead.
She glanced back at Stark once.
It was certainly unexpected. She still didn’t like Stark, but she’d admit that he was a lot more effective than she thought.
“If you’re here with the intention to hurt Tony, I will end you,” Potts whispered when the disaster was mostly contained and the agents that could be saved were.
Stark was passed out on the couch in his lab and Potts had taken the opportunity to speak with Maria, her eyes sharp and every inch of her posture screaming protectiveness.
What did Stark do to get a woman like Virginia Potts, capable and independent as she was, to be so loyal to him? SHIELD had long since decided that Potts and Rhodes were too loyal to turn against Stark.
“I’m here to keep my agents safe Miss Potts,” Maria assured, unwilling to make an enemy of the woman that Phil respected.
“Keep it that way,” Potts glared at her for a moment before leaving, her heels clicking loudly against the tiles as she walked.
Maria would admit that she’d never met a civilian who could make her as nervous as Potts did.
The SHIELD agents were quickly absorbed into Stark Industries, finding both well-paying jobs and protection. Their families were relocated, medical treatment was paid for and counselling was offered.
Maria had honestly expected the jobs to be the end of it but Stark had insisted on the rest.
“The boss takes care of his employees,” Hogan shrugged when he noticed her surprise. “When he took over the company, he completely revamped employee benefits. It’s an honour to become an SI employee because what other boss cares about making sure the janitors have medical care covered?”
Maria kept waiting for the other shoe to drop, for Stark to demand something in return for what he’d given them.
But he never did.
He put Maria in charge of the Avengers with all the funding she’d need and stepped back. When she asked why he didn’t want to be more involved, he gave her a slightly bitter smile.
“I’m just a consultant Hill.”
The unusually tired edge to his voice bothered her for days afterwards.
She still didn’t like Stark, but she couldn’t deny that he knew how to get a job done and he took care of his employees.
She had better benefits now than she ever did at SHIELD.
Ultron was an absolute disaster. Maria had watched everything from the sidelines, completely helpless to stop it.
She still felt bothered by the entire thing. It didn’t sit right with her that both Prince Tho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
BAMF Maria Hill
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Tony Stark

