Chapter 1: first impressions
    




Chapter Text
Queens is more of a shithole than most of the rest of New York, these days. It’s like dominos. Ineffectual solution after ineffectual solution. Shit like the Chitauri comes bashing through New York, leaves it all wrecked. There’s a bunch of press, charity, donations, government grants and signature Avengers relief packages. Almost all of it goes into the pocket of every two-bit crime boss with an internet connection and enough brain cells to submit the online form. All that rebuilding money goes straight from the podium of the photo-op into the pockets of Fisk and his ilk. Back at the start, Hell’s Kitchen got the worst of it. It got hit harder than the rest of the city, and most of the cash went to them, which meant most of the crime went to them too. Levels of organized shitheads that hadn’t been seen since before Al Capone was still knocking ‘round the streets of Chicago. And all that shiny new relief money went to bribing officials into looking the other way.‘Course, then Daredevil popped on the scene and started putting folks in comas, and Hell’s Kitchen stopped being quite so attractive of a place to run drugs. People tried to put him in the ground, and then when he kept popping up like a roach, they started moving out of the Kitchen like rats fleeing a burning ship. And that’s the real trouble with the Devil. He leaves them alive to shift a few neighborhoods and do the exact same thing to other people, and he’s not so big about leaving the Kitchen. Queens ended up drawing the short straw. Manhattan had too many vigilantes; Queens had no resident cape and was only a hop across the river. Soon, rumors on the underground reported that the location had just shifted. Rumors also had it that a new player had arrived on scene. Guy in a spider costume. At the start, it hadn’t been much of note. There’s always some new asshole on the scene, and most of them end up in cuffs or in the ground. Most of them don’t make it a week. This guy is making it longer. Rumor has it, he’s got the potential to stay. Frank isn’t so sure himself. From what he’s seen, he sees a guy making up for lack of skills with powers, and that won’t keep him alive in the long run. Still, people are getting nervous. No one on the underground wants another Devil on their hands. Personally, Frank would be surprised if the guy lasted a night without a serious attempt on his life. Bounty is getting pretty high up there. Not that Frank cares. People in their line of work better be ready to stake their life on it, and Frank’s not about to get pissy because a grown guy decided to dress up in red and blue spandex and hop in a burning building. He has his own shit to worry about. Namely, the building he’s currently breaking into. These traffickers are old business. Used to have shop set up in the Kitchen. Hell, they were a proud recipient of the Avengers Relief Grant, before the Devil busted their shipments and revealed that they were shipping kids instead of car parks. They went behind bars, the whole lot.Some of them got out, though, and they’re doing the exact same thing on the other side of the river. And as far as Frank’s concerned, he can solve the matter in a night. The guard at the front catches a bullet to the head before he can so much as raise his gun. Three more follow in quick succession, and the brief exchange of gunfire they send back doesn’t so much as slow Frank. He cleans out the first floor and heads up the stairs, cleaning out each and every bedroom as he goes. When it’s over, there are a lot of dead bodies, and a lot of blood. But none of them will be hurting kids any time soon. From what Frank’s heard, this is the site before they go to shipping. Kids should be in the basement, and he should probably clear a line to the door before bringing them up. He pauses in the doorway of the final room. Then, in two clean steps, he crosses back over to the bed and yanks the guy hiding beneath out from under it. The guy screeches like it’s a damn Hitchcock movie.  “Mayday,”  he screeches, though if he’s expecting Frank to give a shit, he’s in for a sore surprise.  “Mayday, mayday, mayday--PEACH. It’s a peach, it’s a whole fruit basket, fuck fuck fuck--” What.Then, Frank notices the phone in his hand. He breaks it with one stomp, then wrenches the guy up from the ground, bringing his gun up beneath his chin. “Who you calling?”“Oh,  hell no,” he replies, his eyes locked on the skull on Frank’s chest. “I swear to God, man, I am not a part of this.”Frank snorts. “Yeah, I’ll bet.”He shoves him back roughly, leveling the gun with his chest. “Suppose I owe you some thanks. Calling for backup saves me the trouble of tracking ‘em down to kill them too.”“No, no,  hey,  I’m not, I’m--I’m not--I’m just here to--oh fuck  mayday mayday mayday--” Frank pulls the trigger. That’s how this always goes. At the same moment, the window shatters in on itself. Frank ducks back with a swear, expecting a grenade, sm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frank Castle & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Vigilantism
Protective Frank Castle
Poverty
food insecurity
Photography
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Except instead of a baby it's an idiot vigilante child
and all you want him to do is go home
Misunderstandings
Frank and Peter are unwilling participants in their every interaction
Stubborn Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Mentions of Daredevil
Mentions of Tony Stark
Frank's latent parental instinct v peter's desire to kick flip off a skyscraper
fight fight fight
Please check chapter notes for trigger warnings

fandom: 
Frank Castle & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

