Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Now, it is true that benevolent gods watch over us all; some are as kind as they are powerful, who do naught but take pleasure in making joyous the hearts of man. Then there are other gods, gods who wield their immeasurable powers simply for their own amusement, and the trouble is that when one throws their wish out into the heavens, one can never be sure whose mitt it’s gonna end up in.Steve Rogers was not an unhappy man. In a world where so many had so little he felt that he had no right to complain. He had a roof over his head and food in his belly. He had a sense of satisfaction from having done what he felt was his duty and birthright by following in his grandfather’s footsteps and serving his country.Steve’s grandmother had raised him, and she raised him well on stories of his grandfather who fought and died bravely for the things that everyone should have. So when Steve was eighteen he enlisted because he couldn’t think of a more noble thing to do with his life.Training hardened his body, put an amount of muscle on his frame that he never imagined possible in a youth spent mostly with his nose in books, only reading about glorious heroes. A gawky kid turned into a man who looked like a solider, like a hero from a story.But war was not glorious. And no words put to paper could ever describe the terrible things that he saw. Still, every day he continued, running on the memories of the stories, like fumes in a gas tank, believing with heart and soul that he was doing good.Steve’s grandmother died while he was overseas, and when he got home the world felt all the more empty for it. It was a bright sunny day when they buried her. The birds carried on singing without a care for any one's sorrow. People said kind things, laid their flowers and left. In an hour it was only Steve and the birdsong.Steve Roger’s was not an unhappy man, but he was a lonely one.But the thing about life is that it keeps going with absolutely no regard to whether you are sad or lonely or tired or happy as an old cat napping in the sun.So Steve lived.He did all the things that living seems to entail; he got a place to live and a job in art supply store and he took up old hobbies of reading and drawing and tried with all of his considerable will to act as though everything was just as it was before.When that didn’t work he got a cat.To be fair, the cat got him, as cat’s are often wont to do. The little bastard of a creature had stalked around the apartments terrorizing bird and man alike with impunity. Steve didn’t actually mind, he never really liked birds. Then one night, there was a horrible noise in the garden and Steve had opened the door to see what the unearthly screeching was about when a little black blur streaked in past him ran around his small apartment in mad frantic circles until finally curling up in the middle of Steve’s bed and falling asleep.So Steve had a cat and that was okay, at least it gave him someone to talk to.“I could go to art school.” Steve mused at the cat, who, after a period of denial of ownership, he had named Tony.Tony yawned and flopped over to face the wall.“I could,” Steve argued, “I’m not bad and if I went I could get better. It would beat working in a store.”  Tony twitched his tail a few times.“You got a better idea?” At that Tony stood and padded across the bed spread to sit himself on Steve’s sketch book“Yeah, right. I’ll just stay home all day and pet you, that what you want?”Tony purred.“Yeah fine, just for a little.” Steve scratched the cat lightly behind the ears, it hadn’t taken Tony very long to train him.This is the part of the story where those Gods, kindly or otherwise, come into play--but first it should be stated, just for the record, that Tony was, up until this point, a completely ordinary sort of cat. That is to say, he was as all cats, very strange. He enjoyed riding in Steve's car but was terrified of the sound it made as it started. He loathed being wet but would always try to bat at the water that fell as Steve showered in the morning. He would sleep for hours on end as though he was dead but then take to zooming around the house chasing nothing with extreme prejudice. He was every inch a cat, nothing more and nothing less.Until Steve came home from a long exhausting day, sitting heavy on the sofa and Tony dutifully padded up to rub his legs with his face and then jump up into Steve's lap so that he could unburden himself to his warm little friend."Well I'm officially a laughingstock."Tony purred, not unsympathetically."Apparently telling the most beautiful girl you work with that your not really looking to date makes you about as gay as a Broadway show about...I don’t know, glitter?"Tony gave a fussy mewl but it might just have been a direction to pet a little softer on his right side as his last less than graceful trip down from the bookshelf left him a bit sore."Yeah well, you're no wordsmith either, Fuzzy. I don't know what's wrong with me. Sha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/Jessica Drew

freeform: 
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/Jessica Drew

