Chapter 1: Lingerie + Breeding Kink + Knotting (Steve/Tony)
    




Chapter Text

Tony looks at his reflection in the mirror, his fingers are playing with the lace of the red lingerie. He thinks he looks pretty, but he’s uncertain if Steve will like it. Steve has been gone for two weeks on a mission, so when his Alpha called in the morning saying that he would be home by the end of the day, Tony could barely keep his excitement.

Of course, he took out of the drawer that lingerie he bought days after Steve traveled, and put them on. He had worn lace things before and Steve had loved it, but he had never worn a full lingerie set and in a bright color such as red. Tony bites his lips, turning around to look at how defined his ass looks in those panties. He feels sexy and bold. Just the thought of Steve finding him spread out on the bed like that was enough to get him wet. Tony breathes in, dimming down the lights and covering himself in a thin gold robe that actually doesn’t cover anything at all.

His eyes darted to the clock on the wall. Steve must be close. Oh fuck, Tony could barely wait to nuzzle in his Alpha scent, to feel his knot swelling inside of him, keeping him full, filling him in with his seed until his Omega body finally gives in and grants them a pup. Tony feels a wave of heat pass through him at the idea. He would look amazing filled with Steve’s pups. They’ve been trying for the past six months, but nothing has happened so far, which was a bit frustrating, however, keep trying was always the fun part of it.

Tony sees the headlights of the car through his window. What Tony really wants is to run downstairs and jump on Steve, but he doesn’t do any of it. He wants Steve to find him and unwraps him as if he was an early Christmas gift. Tony sits on the bed when he listens to the keys on the front door. He smirks when he listens to Steve shout “Honey, I’m home.” Oh, yes, he knows it very well.

With only the lamps on the nightstands on, and the light coming from the outside, Tony listens to the footsteps on the stairs. He feels a gush of slickness between his legs when he thinks of Steve’s hands on his body. He shouldn’t be so needy, his heat will only hit by the next month, but Tony desires Steve as if he was at the peak of it. Tony listens to his heart pounds inside his chest when he smells his Alpha mint scent. Fuck. He feels like he can’t wait much longer or he might die if Steve doesn’t get his hands on him as soon as possible.

Tony shifts, leaning against the pillows on the headboard when he sees Steve’s shadow in the corridor before the blond appears on the doorframe. He was looking down at his phone, but Tony knew that Steve could smell him.

“Hey, baby, I was--” Whatever Steve had to say it dies when he looks up at Tony in bed. Steve’s pupils dilated before a low and possessive growl rumbles in the Alpha’s chest.

“Hello, Captain Handsome,” Tony winks, sliding a hand on his own thigh to open more the robe and give Steve a full view of what was waiting for him. Tony points a finger at the Alpha, gesturing for him to come closer.

Steve steps forward, eyes fixed on each movement Tony makes. His Alpha’s eyes are dark, filled with lust and possessiveness as he stops on the edge of the big bed. Tony crawls in his direction, getting on his knees on the mattress and pulling Steve close through the collar of his shirt. Tony feels Steve’s hot breath against him before pressing their lips together in an urgent kiss.

Tony allows Steve’s tongue to slide into his mouth, as the possessiveness grows in his Alpha, and Steve holds him by the waist, bringing their bodies together. Tony tucks his hand under Steve’s shirt, running it through the blond chest, Tony pinches his nipple and Steve bites Tony’s lower lip lightly in a teasing way. Tony pulls back, he feels Steve’s cold hand sliding down his waist. Tony slides his hand down Steve’s body, but the Alpha holds his wrist when he reaches the waistband of his boxers. Tony’s hand presses against the large bulge in his pants. Oh, fuck.

The Omega closes his eyes when Steve presses his lips on his mating gland where he bears the scar where Steve marked him. The Alpha sinks his teeth on the skin lightly, not enough to scratch or bruise, but enough to stimulate the Omega and have him whimpering. Steve keeps his ministrations, peppering kisses on Tony’s shoulders, collarbone, and chest, his lips brush the red laces.

“You’re gorgeous, babydoll,” Steve whispers, rolling his tongue on Tony’s left nipple. The Omega strokes the blond strands of hair.

Tony loses it when he feels Steve’s finger prodding to his slickered hole, Tony moans when Steve presses a finger inside. Oh, he needs him. He needs his Alpha. Tony pulls out Steve’s shirt, and the Alpha is quick to unbutton and get rid of his pants. Tony lays on the bed when Steve crawls over him only wearing black boxers. The bulge looks much bigger now. Tony can’t wait to have that cock split him open, but Steve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Kinktober 2021
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Feminization
Breeding
Knotting
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Bucky Barnes
Top Carol Danvers
Switch Natasha Romanov
Bottom Wanda Maximoff
Dom Natasha Romanov
Sub Bucky Barnes
Dom/sub
Light BDSM
Sexual Tension
Shower Sex
Size Kink
Pegging
Double Penetration
Threesome - M/M/M
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Sex Toys
Cock Warming
Exhibitionism
Mommy Kink
Rimming
Face-Sitting
Language Kink
Dirty Talk
Mutual Masturbation
Coming Untouched
Butt Plugs
Topping from the Bottom

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

