Chapter 1: day one; face-sitting with loki
    


Notes:
Hello!! Happy October!!! I've been out of my groove and literally cheating on the MCU with another fandom. It's been wild, it's fun, I'm alive, got a new job. Life has been crazy, so here's me whore-ing out for your entertainment! As always if you want to see my list I'm going off of, check out my tumblr (ragnarachael) and get the lowdown on the days of kinktober to come!




Chapter Text

You’re shaking against Loki’s mouth as his tongue moves up and down your folds, arms locked around your thighs as his cum slowly seeps out of your stretched hole, his tongue occasionally lapping down for it.

Your hands are gripping the headboard like a lifeline, hips shaking as Loki continues his slow ministrations on your pussy. You’re already nearing your second orgasm of the night, and Loki’s pace is still steady unlike his thrusts just mere minutes ago.

“L-Loki, fuck,” you squeak softly, feeling more of his release leak out from you, his tongue more occupied on swirling your clit in between harsh suction-like kisses. “God, this is so—”

“Hot? Sexy? Orgasm inducing?” Loki speaks suddenly, pulling from your clit and unhooking one of his arms from your leg to plunge two of his fingers back inside of you. “How are you fairing up there?”

“Loki!” You whine, his fingers making a loud squelching sound as you leak around the digits.

“Good?” he provides for you in reply, chuckling. You nod as you focus on breathing through the pleasure. You feel his tongue gliding down the length of your pussy to lap at the slightly stretched rim of your hole to gather all of your shared juices leaking from you.

If it wasn’t for the way his fingers continued their assault inside of you in place of his cock, you would be smothering Loki’s face, trying to gain friction on your clit so you could finally reach the edge and cum again.

Hell, if you could let go of this damn headboard, you’d actually rub your clit yourself.

Loki hums against your cunt. His tongue still tracing the rim of your hole around his fingers that are knocking into your g-spot nearly perfectly. Your hips are jerking again, and you’re not embarrassed by the newer noises his fingers are causing by their obscenely slow pace.

“C-Can..can you get back to my-my clit? Please, baby?” You beg breathlessly. “I really wanna c-cum—“

“My little girl wants to cum, does she?” Any and all movement stop on and in your cunt. You whine, high, needy and loud.

“I supposed that can be arranged my love,” Loki muses between your legs. You hear shifting under you, before feeling his fingers leave your convulsing hole. You have half the mind to look down at him before you feel his hand rest on your lower abdomen. “Look at me, darling.”

You shouldn’t have been so turned on by it. You really, really shouldn’t have.

The lower half of Loki’s face was soaking. Both from your pussy and his own cum that you assumed he caught most of. Truthfully, you wanted to lick his face clean. Or grind on his face until he passes out. Whichever came first on your twisted mental list.

Loki’s hearing every internal monologue, smirking wider and wider at every twist and turn of a filthier thought.

“You can clean me up once you’re done cumming on my face, alright?”

You nod wordlessly, Loki’s free hand moving to grab at your ass while his hand with wet fingers—hell, his whole hand is probably wet from your mixed fluids—trails back down to your mound and press against your clit. You gasp and cant your hips forward against his touch.

“Y-Yes sir.”

The final smirk he gives you before he dives back into your cunt is devious. You have every right to assume you’re cumming more than once after this.

“Good girl. Now, hold still. I won’t be gentle.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Jonathan Pine/Reader
President Loki/Reader
James Conrad/Reader
Scott Lang/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Stephen Strange/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Face-Sitting
Vaginal Fingering
Fingerfucking
Kinktober 2021
Creampie
Come Eating
Cock Warming
Choking
Birthday Sex
Spanking
Dirty Talk
Daddy Kink
Hair-pulling
Exhibitionism
Role Reversal
Collars
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Sub Loki (Marvel)
Dominant Reader
69 (Sex Position)
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
Vaginal Sex
Deepthroating
Face-Fucking
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Roleplay
Sexual Roleplay
Squirting
Size Difference
Size Kink
Forced Orgasm
Sex Toys
Orgasm Control
Praise Kink
Love Bites
Neck Kissing
Begging
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Bathroom Sex
Shower Sex
Accidental Stimulation
Massage
Phone Sex
Angst and Porn
Breeding

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Jonathan Pine/Reader
President Loki/Reader
James Conrad/Reader
Scott Lang/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Stephen Strange/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader

