Chapter 1: Day 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
The street is dark, empty, and oddly sinister in the New York night. The only living creature on the street is a small black cat slinking through the shadows of an alley. A streak of golden energy slices across the air near the cat, sending it streaking back into the street with a startled hiss. The slice of golden light tilts, expands, then becomes an oval, and a tired man in rain soaked clothes wearing a red cloak across his shoulders steps through. The portal collapses behind him.Dr. Stephen Strange is tired, annoyed, and dangerously low on patience. The past two weeks have been a constant drain on his power and attention, and he’s tapped out of both this evening. It seems everything is happening all at once these days. He’s spent the past three days battling a storm demon that had broken free of its prison beneath the Kansas flatlands. That creature—a thing of cloud, hail, rain, and roaring winds—had taken up the last of his most powerful spells. Normally he would have called in other sorcerers to help, but as is common in the weeks leading up to a new year, the supernatural and magical world is stirring awake. Everyone is busy. Even Wong had been forced out of the Sanctum to go handle something he called a ‘void leviathan’ on his own. Stephen has no idea what that is exactly, but Wong had been adamant that he could handle it alone and Stephen is glad to leave that particular nightmare to him.“We’re not some mages locked away in a tower studying for eternity, Stephen,”  the Ancient One had once told him. “We are less and more than that. Candles in the dark, holding back the monsters inside it. As the Sorcerer Supreme, yours burns brighter than most, but you are still but one flame against the dark.” This candle is guttering in the wind at the moment. The tremor in his hands is far more pronounced tonight than normal, and it takes a couple of tries to grab his keys. He fumbles in his pocket with a quiet curse when he nearly drops them on the cold ground. The cloak around his shoulders flutters slightly, as if giving him a sympathetic pat on the arm. Stephen sighs, pulls the keys free of his pocket, and wearily walks up the steps to the Sanctum. He presses a hand against the door, preparing a minor spell to slip past the spells guarding the threshold–And freezes.There are no spells for him to unlock. There’s no physical lock, either. The moment Stephen's hand touches the door, it pops out of place, swinging open drunkenly on the top hinge. The bottom hinges have popped off completely, and the door tilts precariously. Stephen realizes that he can't sense any of the spells guarding the sanctum at all. None of the Ancient One’s spells, none of the careful weaves of spells he and Wong added to hers, strengthening them. His door is no longer the first, best line of defense against intrusion. It’s simply a door. A rush of adrenaline sweeps through him, pushing back his exhaustion. He stands outside the door and pushes his senses outward, listening to see if he can sense any potential intruders.Nothing.He debates leaving to get help, to calling back Wong, or one of the other sorcerers. He even briefly considers calling the Avengers. He knows they’ll come if he calls. And then he thinks back to the last time he had an Avenger inside his Sanctuary. The damage Thor had done simply calling for his hammer. He hesitates for a moment, and then shoves the thoughts aside. If someone’s broken in, they’re looking to steal something. The last thing he needs is the Avengers stomping through the Sanctuary and breaking things. Stephen takes in a deep breath, marshals his waning strength, and pushes the door open. He steps inside with both of his arms wrapped in arcane energy.It’s a wreck. All of it. Shelves smashed, tables overturned, desks cracked in half, books shredded. The level of destruction is unfathomable to Stephen. So much  history  is here, and so much of it has just been destroyed, with him none the wiser. Stephen slowly walks through the sanctum, stopping beneath the high dome skylight. Enough moonlight shines through to illuminate the destruction, to show how much he’s lost.“Well,  someone  isn’t in Kansas anymore,” a voice says from the dark, equal parts annoyed and amused. “Which is unfortunate in a way, but rather fortuitous in others.”“Show yourself,” Stephen commands, reaching inside himself to summon the last few scraps of power he has left. His trembling hands flash with orange light and he steadies them, drawing himself up to his full height. The cloak around his shoulders flares, expanding behind him, adding its own dramatic flare. Sometimes that’s all it takes to scare off potential threats. Stephen hopes that’ll be enough for this particular threat, though he very much doubts it will. No one undoes layer upon layer of protection spells just to have a friendly chat with the local sorcerer.To his surprise, someone does step out of the shadows. At least, som
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Harry Osborn & Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy & Flash Thompson
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & May Parker (Spider-Man)
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

freeform: 
exes to friends to lovers
Protective Michelle Jones
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Horror
Mystery
Bonding Through Trauma
Found Family
FOS Squad Appreciation
Comic Book Science
Kid Miles Morales
temporary major character death
Blood and Violence
Adult Peter Parker

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Harry Osborn & Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy & Flash Thompson
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & May Parker (Spider-Man)
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

