Chapter 1: The Perilous Spidey-Mobile
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker was dreaming.A smattering of images.Soft warm fingers curling around his, rosy lips curved in a perfect smile, wind-swept hair glistening like gold in the sunlight, eyes the color of a bluebird’s wing, a green dress, a pink scarf.The sound of laughter, bright and tinkling, like the silver wind chimes Aunt May kept on her front porch.Leaves falling around them as they walked through the park, a shower of brilliant reds and golds.She was drifting away, afloat on the tides of night, face hidden beneath the golden veils of her hair, shining where it caught the final glimmers of the sun's crimson rays. He watched as she vanished slowly into the surrounding darkness.She was gone, and he was alone, desolate, in the dark.Out of the black velvet void that imprisoned him emerged a battered old bridge, a roiling sea, the sound of maniacal laughter.She was falling, falling, into the sea, into the blackness, into the void, where Peter couldn’t follow.He stretched out his hand, tips of his fingers brushing hers as she reached back towards him, eyes pleading and full of terror.He could save her this time, he knew it, she didn’t have to die, he wouldn’t let her, not again, not again, no, no, no, no, no!“Peter!” a woman’s voice called from the distance, and someone was shaking his shoulders roughly. “Peter, wake up!”Peter jolted awake.Mary Jane Watson was standing over him, a worried look in her emerald eyes, hands clutching his shoulders, hair a curtain of crimson fire where it caught a ray of light from the shuttered blinds. “Are you okay?” she asked.“Yeah,” Peter said, voice rough and raspy. He scrubbed his hands over his face wearily and was surprised to discover they were trembling, his heart racing. He was drenched in sweat, as were the sheets that surrounded him. He tried desperately to collect himself—he didn’t want MJ to know how badly shaken up he still was over Gwen, despite the fact that she had died many endless months ago. Judging by the concerned expression on her face, he was not succeeding. “It was just a dream," he whispered, more to himself than to MJ. "That’s all it was. A dream.” It was a dream, but it was rooted in memory. Of brighter days, and of the darkest, whose shadow he had yet to escape.He collapsed backwards onto the bed, staring sightlessly up at the ceiling.He'd woken mere moments ago, but he already felt an unsettling weariness deep down in his bones. He would've thought he'd be used to it by now. It was a constant part of his reality—he was perpetually exhausted, detached, disinterested. A thick pane of glass seemed to separate him from the smiling faces around him.He flinched at the sudden burst of light that flooded the room when MJ opened the blinds. Because she was in his bedroom. MJ was in his bedroom. Peter tried in vain to wrap his mind around that. It was, as far as he knew, fairly unprecedented, except for that time he’d had the flu—a not infrequent occurrence given how thin his Spider-suit was, and how cold it got in New York at night—and she’d helped Gwen look after him while Gwen was in class. “MJ, don’t take this the wrong way, but why are you here? I mean, in my bedroom?”“Oh,” MJ said. She held up a small bronze key Peter recognized instantly, given that it was the key to his apartment. “Harry gave me a key to your place," she explained. "I never had the chance to give it back after we broke up. I was here looking for him. I heard you shouting, so I let myself in.” She stuck her hands in the pockets of her dark green coat and glanced awkwardly down at the ground.“Harry’s not here,” Peter ventured. “He’s been gone a lot lately. He’s been having a rough time since his dad’s death.”I’m worried about him, Peter wanted to say. Worried that Harry’s using drugs again. Using the drugs that make him…not Harry.MJ understood it all anyways. “Yeah,” she said grimly, “I noticed.” She looked up at Peter, eyebrows raised. She cocked her head to one side. “He’s not the only one who’s having a rough time, Tiger.”“I’m fine, MJ,” Peter said automatically.“Oh?” she said, clearly not believing him. “I suppose that’s why you were just asleep. In the middle of the afternoon.”“Oh shit!” Peter exclaimed, jolting up, bed creaking loudly as he did. “What time is it? ...and day, while we're at it?”“Five. On Wednesday. You missed Professor Warren’s class. Again.” Peter groaned loudly and buried his face in his hands. “Yep, that’d be the one. The one you signed up for months ago, and haven't gone to once.""I know!" Peter shouted, yanking his hands away from his face. He'd meant to go to class today, really he had. He'd just...lost track of what time it was...and what day. "You promised Professor Warren you’d start going, Tiger. He isn’t very happy with you.”“I know, MJ!” Peter snapped. “I know that!”MJ sank down onto the bed next to Peter with a quiet sigh. “You know, if you need to talk to someone, you can always talk to me,” she said
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Past Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson
Johnny Storm & Mary Jane Watson

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Identity Reveal
Mourning
Fluff and Humor
Romance
First Kiss
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Past Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship
Peter Parker & Mary Jane Watson
Johnny Storm & Mary Jane Watson

