Work Text:
   Natasha return after a three weeks mission on London and on the way to her apartment on Avenger's Facility, she stopped outside the open door of her beautiful girlfriend's bedroom to say hello before go to shower and get some rest, maybe get a PBJ before that. But she froze and feels how a painful erection grows in her pants when noticed the goddess on the bed. 

 Wanda was lying on the bed, propped up with pillows behind her back. She was naked, with her legs spread and her knees up. Nat with a ranging erection could tell, even from the side angle, her beautiful girlfriend was involved with inserting a red dildo into her pussy. But if that hadn’t been apparent, the open plastic case in which she kept her “toys” laying on the bedstand would have given it away. “It seems you're having fun?” Natasha asked clearly amusement. “Hi, mommy,” Wanda said happily, non-plussed. “I’m just playing.” On Wanda's face there was no embarrassment. No shame. She was completely at ease with sex. 

“I’m pretending it’s you.” Wanda shrugged playing with her breast and pull out the dildo. Then she rubbed her slit faster. “But it’s not the same. I prefer your big rod splitting me in two. I missed you so much!" "Me too little girl." Natasha sat down beside her naked girlfriend, and a thought came to mind. She reached into the case extracting a blue large vibrator. Waggling it in her hand like as she asked with husky voice kissing Wanda's ear, “Mind if I help?” Her little witch developed a big grin and slunk down into a prone position.“Oh yes!” Wanda exclaimed breathlessly. "Give it to me." Natasha gazed down upon her; her face filled with eager expectancy. Wanda was a beautiful young girl, and she could never get enough of seeing her naked body. In a teasing gesture, Natasha tweaked her hard nipples. "I missed you too."  "Show me how much mommy." Wanda squirmed and giggled. Natasha grins and hand glided across the soft flesh of her stomach and caressed her hairless mound. Making a ‘V’ with her index and middle finger and slid them down on either side of her pussy, right where the legs meet. Natasha kissed her lightly  Wanda whimpered bucking her hips. Natasha grins, she knew she was teasing her girlfriend, but Wanda didn’t complain. When her fingers reached the spot where her butt cheeks began, Natasha used just her middle finger and slipped between them, finding her shit hole, and gently probing it. Wanda clenched her fist on the sheets as she adjusted her legs to give Natasha a better access. Slowly Natasha inserted the finger to the first knuckle. Then the second enjoying how Wanda groaned appreciatively. When Natasha extracted it, she know her girlfriend thought she would go right to her pussy, but she didn’t. Natasha laughed when she hears Wanda protest with pleading voice “Moommmmyyyyy!" Instead, Natasha rolled her over. Wanda's pale ass is so perfect she just wanted to slapped on and pound it, but she had other plans for this evening. "Don't act like a bratty slut. Let mommy taste yours holes now." Natasha warned her as she spread Wanda's pale ass cheeks with her face and her tongue sought out, and found, her sweet asshole, teasing it and trying penetrating it just as her middle finger had. Wanda gasped, maneuvering to open herself to her Natasha's tongue, she felt the velvet touch of her tongue spearing into the her hotly hungering asshole, licking at the juices of her pussy Her thighs shakes when Natasha sucked eagerly at her rectal opening, this causes that Wanda moans out an animal sound, "Uuunnggghh ... ummmmmmm ... ohhhhh" When Narasha was finished there, she turned her on her back again and spread her legs. Wanda bit her lips in anticipation of what was to come next, her head was spinning by the lust. Natasha let her wait, taunting her, knowing it was driving her crazy. Finally, Narasha rested the vibrator on her hand against her vagina. Her middle finger just touching the top of her crease. Slowly, Narasha lowered it between the pink folds. "Uhhhh mommy!" Wanda shut her eyes. "It's okay. I'm here for you now." Natasha comforted her. Wanda was as wet as honey pot, her juices drips down on the sheets underneath her ass. For a few minutes Natasha played with her inexperienced girlfriend, raising her sexual libido, teasing her pussy. Soon Wanda responded with squirms and uttered moans. Since Natasha started fucking her, she knew that Wanda had never reached a full-fledged orgasm with a toy. Though, she had been close, many times but at the end she finished feeling frustrated. Fortunately Natasha determined to change that and this is the perfect time to make her girlfriend feel good.  Natasha smiled and turned on the toy, slowly she brought it in contact with her wet pussy. Wanda giggled, at first, but, then the full effect took hold. The redhead was just exploring Wanda's vagina, trying to find the right spot and applying the right pressure she set to work, varying the angle from time to time.  Once, Natasha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Smut
Sex Toys
Oral Sex
Masturbation
Voyeurism
Accidental Voyeurism
Falling In Love
Embedded Images
Animated GIFs
Explicit Sexual Content
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Awesome Wanda Maximoff
Penis In Vagina Sex
Size Kink
Riding
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Girl Penis
G!P Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov

