Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Part I: Hank

i. you’re a stranger i know well, and not at all.
Emma comes over after practice, dropping onto Hank’s carefully-made bed and kicking off her heeled sneakers.  He sighs but doesn’t turn around until he’s finished his calculations, pencilling in the final answer of his algebra homework.  She’s sprawled back against his pillows in her pristine white cheerleader’s uniform and Hank is aware that it’s a sight most of the boys in the school would give their right arm for; it’s kind of a pity it’s wasted on him.  
“Good practice?” he asks.  
Emma shrugs.  “I guess.”
They’re not much given to conversation; Hank because he’s all kinds of socially awkward, Emma because she’s made the life choice to be practically monosyllabic at all times.  Half the school think it’s because she’s stupid and the other half think it’s because she’s a bitch; Emma is neither, actually, just chronically disinterested in everything.  Emma’s been his best friend since her family moved in next door when they were both four years old, and Hank isn’t even sure that she actually likes him.  
Hank gets up from his desk; Emma obediently shifts over, the splits in her white cheerleading skirt slipping open against her thighs, and he lies down next to her.  Other kids had glow-in-the-dark stars put above their beds when they were little, but even when he was a kid Hank was annoyed by the inaccuracy, so instead he has precise galaxies and constellations still painted on his ceiling, white against dark blue.  
“Good practice?” he repeats, softer, and Emma sighs.  
“No,” she says, and it’s all she says.  Hank shifts a little closer and after a minute Emma turns her head and presses her face into his shoulder.  
Hank has no idea what it’s like to be popular, what it’s like to be head cheerleader and the subject of everyone’s gossip and to have to look pristine perfect at all times, but he’s learned from what Emma doesn’t say that it isn’t easy and it isn’t fun and it isn’t something to be desired.  
Hank is just anonymous.  That’s not exactly great either.
-
The cheerleading squad are known as the Angels because of their immaculate white uniforms.  It’s also kind of a joke, since the school’s teams are the Hellions.  To the students, though, they’re unofficially called the Hellfire Club, since the main recruiting question seems to be are you a grade A bitch? 
Hank’s never asked Emma about how she actually recruits the girls, because that would be a whole thing that would require real sentences and would also possibly be vaguely insulting, but in any case he’s glad the uniform stands out so brightly because it makes it pretty easy to avoid the squad.
Madelyne Prior and Selene Gallio are casually sending a freshman girl down the path to bulimia with mean snickers as Hank passes, and he keeps his head down, shoulders tucked in, trying to be as invisible as possible.  
“McCoy, my man!” Sean Cassidy is grinning his usual lopsided grin, pupils wide and shiny like nickels.
Sean’s not exactly a friend of Hank’s because a) Hank doesn’t really have friends who aren’t Emma, and b) Hank’s parents would never let Sean in the house.  He just has the locker next to Hank’s, which is kind of annoying, actually, because it means everything Hank keeps in there eventually smells like pot.
“Hi, Sean,” Hank says, ducking his head, and lets Sean launch into an incomprehensible story about his band’s show last night, full of cheerful slurred words and happy vague hand gestures.  Sean’s band is apparently pretty good; not that Hank’s ever heard them, but people who actually go to parties say they’re not as terrible as Sean’s hazy mumbling personality implies.  All Hank’s ever really gathered about them was Sean’s gleeful we named ourselves after a typo! announcement a few months ago.
The bell goes and Hank leaves Sean to lurch off to homeroom, ducking into his own classroom before Angel Salvadore can knock into him and send his papers everywhere again this week.  He scuttles to his seat, unobtrusive, letting the noise of the other students wash over him, and it’s not until he realises half the class are glancing towards the back of the classroom with something like nerves and something like schadenfreude that he finds out Alex Summers is back.
-
Hank is so much of a nobody that no one even calls him a pervert when they see him waiting outside the girls’ locker room, trying and failing to look casual.  Emma comes out eventually, arches an eyebrow, and gives a minute jerk of her head for Hank to follow.  
He keeps at least a foot away from her while they walk, and everyone else just erases him from the picture; there’s no way Emma Frost can be talking to him, after all, he’s too much of a zero.
“Did you know Alex Summers was back?” he asks, keeping his gaze on his shoes.
“There was a rumour,” Emma offers, quiet, barely moving her mouth.
Hank thinks about asking why she didn’t tell him, and then remembers that Emma knows everything that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Sean Cassidy/Mystique
Emma Frost/Sebastian Shaw
Armando Muñoz/Angel Salvadore

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
High School
Depression

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers
Sean Cassidy/Mystique
Emma Frost/Sebastian Shaw
Armando Muñoz/Angel Salvadore

