Chapter 1: Sign up
    




Chapter Text
 
 
 
"We don't get many male omegas."
The woman with hair scraped back in a chignon and thick rimmed glasses on her face smiled at him. She was an omega, Bucky detected her scent masked under strong perfume.
"Oh?" he said, not surprised by the comment but unsure what else to say.
Guys didn't tend to out themselves as omegas, not that Bucky was aware of. It just wasn't socially acceptable, especially in the lower mid west where Bucky was from.
Male omegas, and female alphas, would either mask their designation and go 'stealth' as much as they could in social situations, or seek to medically transition.
Bucky had read about this on the Internet, on the male omega support forums. He mostly did the former himself; going stealth, trying to pass as a beta or an alpha. It was simply the easier option for him, since he had no money and no other choices.
Which was why he was here, sitting in the Dallas office branch of Omega Services USA. Him sitting here, about to sign up for one of their omega companion programs, was very much a last resort.
George, Bucky's dad, was sick, and the hospital bills just kept on getting higher. He needed treatment and despite Bucky and Winnie, his mom, working all hours to try and cover the bills, they just couldn't cope anymore.
And then Becca, Bucky's little sister, had been left with a new born baby after her no good boyfriend had abandoned her. She'd come back home to live with them, and she couldn't work because she was taking care of her baby.
More and more expenses piled up until everything seemed hopeless, but then Bucky had spotted an ad online for omega companions. He'd clicked on it, reading about how he could earn hundreds if not thousands of dollars a month for providing himself to an alpha partner. There was short term work and long term work available, the ad said.
And, it said they paid even higher for male omegas.
Desperate, Bucky had filled in the forms online and booked an interview, and drove all the way to Dallas to see if this opportunity was legit.
He figured he had an okay shot at being accepted to the agency, as he was in good shape and people always told him how pretty or handsome he looked. He'd made sure to stop at a barbershop on the journey to get his hair done nice. He'd gone so long without a haircut lately he'd begun to look shaggy, but now after a haircut he looked shaggy in a fashionable way, he supposed.
He'd gone into Omega Services and was met by this older omega, who'd introduced herself as Victoria. She seemed eager to tell Bucky all about the services, which made Bucky wonder if she got a percentage for signing people up.
It didn't matter. Bucky needed money, and fast.
Victoria showed him the introductory brochure, which looked like a mashup between a health club's brochure and a Jesus-loves-you pamphlet, especially with the illustrations of smiling couples.
The 1970s horror movie, The Stepford Wives, also sprung to mind. Bucky bit his lip against a smile, and nodded to show he was listening as Victoria went into her sales pitch.
"Our agency has glowing reviews from both our clients and our employees, with a nine point seven satisfactory rating," she said. "We operate all over the country, so you may get a job working in another state. I should think that would be expected," she added, smiling at him, "with you being quite the catch. Our omegas can get some great assignments, you could find yourself living in a luxury penthouse in Manhattan. Wouldn't that be nice!"
"Sounds great," Bucky said, not quite believing her. With his luck, he'd probably end up on some rundown farm out in Iowa.
"We have a variety of packages and programs that we offer to our clients," Victoria went on, pointing with her gold-plated pen to the pamphlet in front of Bucky. "One package would be the live-in omega companion," she tapped her pen on the printed text beside an illustration of a happy couple standing in a kitchen.
Bucky noticed that the woman in the picture, presumably the omega, was cooking something at the stove, while the man stood behind her.
That gave him pause, because Bucky wasn't a Michelin star chef or anything. He could make some basic things because he'd grown up poor with not many choices for food, but he wouldn't be able to whip up anything more complicated.
"I, uh, I'm not sure how great a cook I am," he said. "I can make basic meals, but..."
"Oh, don't you worry about that for now," Victoria told him. "If you sign with our agency you'll get full training and support along the way. But given what our clients usually pick male omegas for, I don't see you in a purely kitchen role, hon."
"Oh, right," Bucky said. "What are the other packages?"
"Rut assistant is very popular," Victoria replied brightly, indicating another illustration.
This picture showed a man, presumably the alpha, dipping a woman like he was about to kiss her. Hardly looked accurate for a rut, Bucky thought.
Ruts were fucking, sometimes for hou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Modern Era
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
SHIELD Agent Steve Rogers
Nomad Steve Rogers
Commander Rogers
Bearded Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Avengers Compound
Government Agencies
SHIELD
Alternate Universe - Spies & Secret Agents
Spies & Secret Agents
Dark Steve Rogers
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rutting
Mating
Mating Bites
Smut
Rough Sex
Omega Bucky Barnes
Age Difference
Omega Verse
Sassy Bucky Barnes
First Meetings
Sex Work
Sex Worker Bucky Barnes
Omega Services
Male Omega
Intersex
Intersex Bucky Barnes
Non-Binary Bucky Barnes
Relationship of Convenience
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Vaginal Sex
Light Dom/sub
Top Steve Rogers
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Developing Relationship
Strangers to Lovers
Stranger Sex
Getting to Know Each Other
Domestic
Lovers to Friends
Romantic Gestures
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Happy Ending
Canon-Typical Violence
Slow Burn
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Thriller
Intrigue
Oblivious Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

