Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
X
 
 
“Charles,” Erik says, and if his voice hits a pleading note then who can really blame him, “Charles, it’s me.”
It takes several longer moments before Charles musters up the strength to answer, breath stuttering horribly as he tries to breathe.  He’s shaking, entire body trembling.
“Erik,” Charles says, his voice cracking, “Erik, I want to die.”
 
 
X
 
 
They come in the night, when the mansion is dark and cold while long rolls of rumbling thunder make the ground floor tremble between flashes of lightning.
Kitty Pryde is one of the few students still awake, phasing casually through walls on her way to the kitchen.  She’d already made one attempt of phasing directly from the second floor to the first floor as a sort of shortcut, but it’d certainly left something to be desired—she’d ended up with one arm in a sling, now pressed tightly to her side.  The mansion ceilings turned out to be high.
She’s only been here for a month, but she already plans to stay.  Where else would she be able to phase so casually through the walls and not get called a freak?  Or worse.
At first the kitchen seems empty when she pokes her head out of the wall to look, but a flash of lightning illuminates the room for a brief second, revealing two figures seated at the table in the dark, postures relaxed.  Kitty frowns, even as she blinks back the bright spots left in her eyes from the sudden flash.  Who sits around late at night in a thunderstorm in the dark?  The power can’t be out; her reading lamp back in her room was working just fine.
“Who knows.”  She recognizes the first instantly.  Even Sean Cassidy’s voice is relaxed, and it must be him who’s leaned back on two legs of his chair.  Kitty likes Sean.  He’s the one who brought her to the mansion.  “He’s usually more accurate than ‘sometime later this week’ but it’s that time of year, you know?  He’s always a little off around now.”
His companion snorts.  “He’s always a little off period.”  Kitty recognizes the voice of Alex Summers.  She doesn’t know him very well.  She thinks he’s a little intimidating.
“Not his fault.”  For once, Sean’s voice is quiet and serious.  Kitty has a hard time reconciling this Sean with the laughing, easy-going Sean she knows better.
“I know.”  Another flash of lightning lights up the kitchen, and Kitty sees Alex’s nod.
“Do you ever—”  Sean is hesitant.  Kitty listens intently as his voice nearly drops below the sound of the rain.  “Do you ever miss how he used to be?”
There is a brief silence before Alex answers.  “Yes.  Not nearly as much as Magneto does, though.”
Kitty nearly forgets herself, questions she wants to ask springing up at once.  She’s only ever seen Magneto once, and it was from a distance on her very first day at the mansion.  Sean told her once that Magneto visits the mansion often, but she remains unconvinced—often usually doesn’t mean once a month.
Sean laughs, the sound nearly swallowed by thunder.  “Obviously not.”
“We’re going to kill that bastard.”  Alex says, low and angry.  “We’re going to make him wish he’d never been born.”
“Okay, Magneto.” Sean says dryly.  “Erik must be so proud you’ve adopted his ideals.”
“Shut up.”  Alex shoots back, but at least he doesn’t sound so angry anymore.  “You’ve adopted them too.”
“Of course.”  Sean says, casually neutral.  But there’s an undertone of steel when he adds, “We all have.”
Kitty rocks back on her heels for a moment, withdrawing her head into the wall.  She has no idea what they’re talking about.  Who’s Erik?  And who does he want to kill?  She’s been here long enough to know that there are a great many secrets in the mansion, but until now she’s assumed that secrets are necessary for mutants hiding together from the world at large.  But this is…
This is something else.
She sticks her head back into the kitchen to listen for more, only to be blinded—someone’s turned the lights on.
“—sitting in the dark?”  Angel stands in the actual doorway of the kitchen, arms folded.  She must be the one who turned on the lights.  “There’s a light switch for a reason.”
“Maybe we like the dark.” Alex snaps.
“What are you doing up so late, Kitty?” Sean asks when he catches sight of her, friendly.  He’s still leaned back in his chair, grinning inanely.  “Thunderstorm too loud?”
“Yes.”  Kitty steps out of the wall with a shrug.  It’s the truth, at least.
“I’m surprised there aren’t more chamaquitos out of bed.”  Angel says.   “It’s nasty outside.”  Kitty admires Angel, and thinks her wings are the prettiest mutation in the house.  Unlike Sean and Alex, Angel doesn’t really help with teaching, though, so Kitty’s not really sure what her job at the mansion is.
“You want me to make you something?” Sean offers, leaning forward so that his chair rights itself with a scrape.  “I make a mean sandwich.”
“She doesn’t have the munchies, Sean.” Alex says with a snort.  He glares out the window, refusing to look at Angel even when she laughs.
“You never know, man.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Dark!Charles
It's not a fix-it if I'm breaking them more
Torture
Psychological Trauma
Alternate Universe - Canon
Brotherhood of Mutants
Genosha
Abuse all the XMFC cliches!
Mess up all the timelines!
whatever
I do what I want

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

