Chapter 1: Consequences - Steve
    




Chapter Text
"Tony!"Tony didn't even look up from his work when Steve Rogers stormed into the lab. He was too used to the man barging in no matter what the genius was doing.So he didn't look up to see what the good captain was mad at him about now. He was too focused on his work, on getting the shattered remains of JARVIS' code to settle into the vibranium body waiting in Cho's cradle.His concentration faltered when he heard Bruce gasp beside him, followed by Helen's scream."Tony!" Bruce cried out and the inventor finally looked up.Only to see a vibranium shield spinning straight at him.
A horrifying crack echoed in the air as the shield struck Tony in the chest, sinking inches into his torso.The momentum threw Tony off his chair, his back hitting the floor hard. He hadn't made much of a sound beyond a strangled choking noise, the air knocked from his lungs by the blow.For a moment nobody moved and then Bruce was by his friend's side as the genius started choking on blood.Cho dropped down next to him, eyes wide and panicked. They both knew how weak Tony's chest was. This kind of injury could be lethal for someone with a perfectly healthy heart and a whole ribcage.But Tony didn't have that.Bruce turned his disbelieving stare on the man who caused this while Cho stood up to start frantically speeding up the process in the Cradle so that it could be open for an emergency procedure."Step away from the controls," Steve ordered her, making her freeze.He was pale, eyes flicking to Tony occasionally but he was stubbornly determined. "We don't need any more murderbots running free."Bruce stared at him incredulously, his brilliant mind slow to catch up for a moment. Steve had thrown his shield at Tony at full strength. Steve was the reason Tony was choking on his own blood, his heart likely about to fail under the sudden shock. Steve was preventing Cho from freeing up the only equipment that could save Tony's life.And that witch was standing behind him, positively gleeful as her eyes remained locked on Tony.He faintly heard Steve lecturing Cho on following along with Tony after he created Ultron, on how the little HYDRA witch had realised the error of her ways and joined them, how she'd warned Steve about the danger Tony's actions posed.Bruce had been a coward before, not stepping up when Thor had lifted Tony by his neck. He'd regretted his inaction when he'd seen the fear and resigned betrayal in his friend's eyes when no one stepped forward. But he still hadn't said anything.Now though?Now Bruce didn't even put up a token fight when the Hulk surged free.In the end, Tony was the first to accept and openly say he liked the Hulk. The Other Guy would always adore his 'Tin Man'.
Clint and Natasha came rushing into the lab in time to see Hulk smash Steve into the wall, shaking the entire room. Wanda Maximoff was lying on the floor, a crumpled mess of broken and shattered bones as she slowly drowned in her own blood. Pietro Maximoff lay near her, unmoving with a snapped spine.Across the room Cho was frantically working at a console while Tony lay a few feet from her, Steve's shield embedded in his chest and blood dripping from his mouth.Clint took the whole scene in before making a decision and racing to drop down next to Tony, bow at the ready to defend his fallen teammate. He worriedly took in the genius' glazed eyes and strangled breaths. His fingers itched to pull the shield free but Cho snapped before he'd even touched it."Don't pull it out! It's the only thing stopping Tony's chest from completely collapsing at this point." Her voice wavered and she didn't stop working."What happened?" He demanded, watching the Hulk positively lose it on their leader."I don't know," her voice cracked. "He came in here and just… attacked Tony, out of the blue. I-I might be able to save him with the Cradle if I can get this program finished in time. But-but I'm no computing genius."Rhodes shouldered past Natasha who was still frozen in the doorway, not having made an attempt to calm the Hulk down."I am," he told them, looking pale and shaky but determined. He brushed Helen aside and started work on finishing Tony's code. "You two do what you can for Tony. Besides him, I know JARVIS' code the best."Clint nodded shakily as Helen dropped down next to him, fearfully taking Tony's pulse. The archer stared at Natasha until she turned to look at him. After a moment, he could see her eyes change as she made a decision.She darted to another side of the lab, nimbly avoiding the fight and the bodies strewn around the floor.She returned seconds later with cuffs."Hulk," she called firmly, drawing the Other Guy's attention. Angry green eyes locked on her. "Let me lock him up. We need Bruce to save Tony."The second sentence caught his attention and the Hulk swung his attention to Tony."He hurt Tin Man," the Hulk growled. He'd always liked Tony the most on the team.Natasha softened her voice. "I know. And he'll
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Hurt Tony Stark
Not Pietro Maximoff Friendly
Not Thor friendly
not Natasha Romanoff friendly sometimes

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

