Chapter 1: In The Beginning...
    




Chapter Text
After the debrief, they got rid of all the Federal agents, governmental flunkies, and Tony Stark's best friend who happened to be attache to the PRESIDENT. (Good Christ.) They gathered in the private conference room on the Avengers' floor. Active members only, so the original six plus Sam and Phil. Natasha was still on comms, or pretending to be; Sam had checked on her and Jem had decreed medication. Phil hoped she was under the hatches, but Natasha had a remarkable drug tolerance. He poured himself some scotch and dropped into the chair at the head of the table. Everyone seemed to take this as a cue to start the meeting.
Some day, Phil was going to figure out how he wound up in charge of this.
“How do we do this? I am open to all reasonable suggestions.” Thor laid the metal portion of the Scepter on the table, gestured eloquently, then sat.
“Has anyone we know gone over it? Scientifically, magically?” Phil asked. That seemed like a thing that should be done, because he felt like it was emanating at him from across the table. Having never been killed before, he wasn't sure what 'normal' was, but he was pretty sure this wasn't it. Tony must have some lead-lined boxes, maybe they could put this thing in one.
Everyone looked at each other.
“I'd like to take it back to Asgard myself, have a few words with the AllFather.” Steve said. “But I don't see why we can't run tests on it first, assuming that won't take years or anything.” He tried to cross his arms, bumped around with the cast, and dropped his hands into his lap. Sidekick sighed and laid down against his neck. 
Everyone gave each other nervous looks over that. Steve didn't do negotiation too well. Or diplomacy. He either gave speeches and orders, or led by example.
Or got people to do things against their better judgment. 
They were good speeches, great even, but not exactly subtle. 
The one he’d given across all channels at SHIELD right before he went after the helicarriers had already been written down by multiple historians, and Darcy reported that an English teacher she knew was using it as an example of persuasive speech. For fifth-graders. 
More side-eye around the table.
“Maybe we should put Phil in charge of this extravaganza,” Tony said, which was gratifying even if Phil would never admit it.
“Seconded.” Thor said immediately.
All right, THAT was gratifying.
Everyone gave a half-assed vote and it was unanimous; Natasha was still listening via comms.
Steve rolled his eyes but didn't argue. Which was also gratifying, and rather flattering.
Phil stared at the Scepter. So far he'd avoided touching it, and he'd keep on with that. “Run it through every test you can think of in the next couple days, then we'll take it back. Me, Clint, Thor, and Steve.”
“And my vinur. To stand witness for the people of Midgard.” Thor raised an eyebrow at their faces. “'Tis not a ceremonial title she holds, and until the embassy is set up, she is handling some diplomatic duties.”
“I'll go to bodyguard Darcy.” Sam volunteered. “Be kinda cool, see Asgard. Unless someone else wants to go?”
“Oh hell no.” Bruce said with a snort, and drank his tea.
“Tony? Don't want to step on your toes.” Sam said.
Tony shuddered. “Ah. I suppose now's as good a time as any to tell you all, thanks to the Invasion, going into big sky portals is kind of a giant, enormous, screaming red anxiety trigger for me.”
“Shit, sorry, man. I'll go, no problem.” Sam winced a little. “Should have thought of that?”
“Don't worry about it. You should see me about nuclear explosions.” Tony gave a really hollow laugh. “That one was there long before I set off that nuke, we can thank Dad for the nuke thing. I think the oxygen deprivation at the end kinda ground in the PTSD.” He took a deep breath. “Guess the team needed to know that, anyway. Or something.”
“Thanks for the info, Tony.” Phil said a little more gently than his usual.
Tony shoved his face into his coffee mug and waved a hand vaguely.
“All right. Testing, then return. How difficult would it be to have Billy take a look at it?” Phil asked.
“He'd love it, but I'm not sure what Xavier will say.” Clint allowed. “I'll give them a call tonight. What about sorcerer dude down in the Village?”
“Sorcerer Dude Down in the Village. Is that a title?” Tony asked with a half-grin.
“Should be,” Clint told him.
“No, his official title is Sorcerer Supreme. He's head of, well, the largest, most powerful magical faction on the planet, to simplify it,” Phil explained to them all. “There are groups, don’t use the term coven, they don’t like it. Rather like different religions, or political parties. They group by magical philosophy. Thankfully the group the Sorcerer Supreme leads is about protecting people, including protecting the non-magical from hostile magical people.” 
“Sounds like Billy.” Bruce concluded.
“...not exactly...” Clint made a wishy-washy gesture with his hand. “Billy’s unaffiliated, because he’s a minor. W
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Strike Team Delta - Relationship
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
U/Sidekick platonic

freeform: 
Team as Family
Slice of Life
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Fluff and Humor
I'm so sorry about the science
Team becomes family
The movie we never got
so much sneaky foreshadowing
SO MUCH SNEAKY FORESHADOWING!
Cast of hundreds - Freeform
word count from hell
Canon-Typical Violence
we are dealing with assassins
Women Being Awesome
Long
Implied/Referenced Domestic Violence
Bucky is a good guy Alexei not so much
Finished

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Strike Team Delta - Relationship
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
U/Sidekick platonic

