Chapter 1: How can you see into my eyes, like open doors
    


Summary:


Attention! Mention of sexual abuse and slavery in this chapter! Be aware and read with caution!




Notes:
This stories characters, minus a few Original ones here and there to fill in the story, belong to the respective creative geniuses that came up with them. I have though changed the timeline of the HP Universe to fit the story better.Any information on Sentinels and Guides I have gotten from reading Fanfiction, studying the Wikipedia site, studying the fandom.wiki site, and watching the few episodes I could find in their entirety on youtube. So there will likely be errors and I'm claiming creative writing license for the way this story goes.For the Alpha/Beta/Omega nature again it is what I've decided I want it to be like...I will accept helpful critics but any roasting for what I write will be deleted.




Chapter Text

June 23, 2001
Freak looked around the kitchen making sure there were no stray dishes that shouldn’t be out, he ran through his head trying to make sure everything was as it should be before Sir and Ma’am got up. He looked at the calendar and bit back a swear. June 23rd stood out in bright circles of color, it was Dudley’s birthday today he’d be turning eleven and according to his parents that was a big day. He quickly whipped up some chocolate chip pancakes and made sure to keep an eye on the bacon and eggs that he had going.“You better not be burning the bacon Freak.” Ma’am said with a sneer. “When you finish serving us and cleaning the kitchen you will go to your room.”“Yes, Ma’am.” Freak replied making sure to keep his eyes down and on what he was doing. He knew there would be pain if he ever risked a glance at Ma’am’s face.“We’re taking Dudley to the zoo today and everything must be absolutely perfect for my little man…” Ma’am said as Dudley entered the kitchen with Sir.Freak tuned out the overabundance of gifts and the ‘tantrum’ that Dudley threw because his parents expected it of him. Instead he plated up the food and brought it over to them carefully setting it down and doing his best to avoid the foot that Sir put out wanting a reason to punish him. Instead he got a smack across his back directly on the lashes that he’d earned yesterday. Freak watched as Dudley bundled up some toast and bacon into the napkin resting properly on his lap. He wondered what Dudley would have been like if they hadn’t moved to the States when the two of them were six and people were wondering why Freak wasn’t going to school. Sir had gotten a promotion to Manager of Sales for the US office in Redding, California around that time, thanks to the ‘services’ of his Freak of an Omega nephew. Omega’s can be identified at birth especially males since they have both sets of reproductive organs, though the male’s testicles were small and unable to get someone pregnant when they matured. Freak had to wear a collar around his neck all the time he was in the house, along short shorts it was the only thing he was allowed since Sir liked to see the results of his punishments on the Freak.Freak was never allowed out of the house since they moved here and found a large house on the outskirts of the National Forest that sat just outside Redding. Sir hadn’t wanted nosy neighbors like they had last time and so Freak was regulated to doing his work at night in the dark as quiet as a mouse, unknown to him he was using his magic to help him see in the dark as well as keeping his movements silent. The house was a two story, Freak was glad though that this house didn’t have a cupboard under the stairs, but they had made him a ‘room’ in the laundry room with the washer and Dryer taking up most the space. It could be locked from the outside so no one could ‘accidently’ stumble upon their secret. They had a maid in that did some general work around the house specifically in the master bedroom, Dudley’s bedroom, and the vacuuming. The first they had hired questioned why they needed someone when it was clear work was being done, she didn’t last long beyond that question. The second had heard of the first, she’d been fired for ‘stealing’ when really it had been Sir who had planted the money and jewelry in her purse.Dudley watched the way his parents treated the boy he knew was his cousin, he’d found some paperwork that led him to understand some other things after hearing his mother complain about Freak being dropped on their porch without so much as a by your leave. Dudley had hunted for information after that hoping to find someway to help Freak, but whenever he tried to mention anything to his teachers or the police he was ignored as his parents told them that it was an imaginary friend that he was trying to save after he didn’t speak up to save his only friend the first year they were in the States who hadn’t returned to school a month after they had their latent testing done and it was discovered that not only had she been an Omega but also a Latent Gui
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Original Percival Graves/Newt Scamander
Aaron Hotchner/Spencer Reid
Penelope Garcia/Derek Morgan
Anthony DiNozzo/David Rossi
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin/Severus Snape
James 'Rhodey' Rhodes/Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Amelia Bones/Arthur Weasley
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Merlin/Arthur Pendragon (Merlin)

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Suicide Attempt
Implied/Referenced Torture
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - No Voldemort
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Bad Albus Dumbledore
Abusive Vernon Dursley
Nice Dudley Dursley
Harry Potter Needs a Hug
Squib Petunia Evans Dursley
Harry Potter Never Went to Hogwarts
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Rare Pairings
Crossover Pairings
Molly Weasley Bashing
Albus Dumbledore Bashing
Good Gellert Grindelwald
BBC Merlin Characters mentioned in two chapters

fandom: 
Original Percival Graves/Newt Scamander
Aaron Hotchner/Spencer Reid
Penelope Garcia/Derek Morgan
Anthony DiNozzo/David Rossi
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin/Severus Snape
James 'Rhodey' Rhodes/Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Amelia Bones/Arthur Weasley
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Merlin/Arthur Pendragon (Merlin)

