Work Text:

~0~
Charles pressed his fingers against the keys of the harpsichord, listless, following the tune effortlessly. He did his best to look pretty, of course, and not let his face succumb to the boredom he was feeling. Kurt and Cain Marko (both of them should have been styled 'the lesser' in Charles' estimation) watched on, heads bent over ledgers they half-understood, plotting plans they were too stupid to execute, while he played the dressed up bird, but that was his position at the moment, pretty caged bird of the Markos. Kurt, the man who had managed to snap up most of his father's business holdings by marrying his feckless mother, was thankfully unable to take Charles' mind from him. Marko, of course, attempted to rob him of that too, by parading him around in fancy suits, forcing him to perform like a trained animal, and attempting to marry him off to the first merchant who bit. He was young enough - still only seventeen - that marrying him off would seem a bit premature. And for the moment that kept him safe."It's hardly dire," Moira reminded him, later that night, after Charles had snuck out of the Marko manor and down to one of the taverns by the palace kitchens. "Your father did leave you with a dowry, and he had friends at the Institute that might see to your continued education."He sighed. It was an old conversation, and it would have worked well enough until Charles reminded her that while he was obviously a man, the whole reason he was in this mess in the first place was because Brian Xavier had died without proper, male alpha, issue, leaving Charles with nothing but his dowry. Kurt Marko was a proper male alpha, and his son Cain was a proper male alpha. Maybe he could have gotten away with it if it had been Count Brian Xavier, or Marquis Brian Xavier or if his father were alive to help him pass for an alpha, maybe that would have flown, but it was just Merchant Brian Xavier. His father was brilliant with a great deal of foresight, but arranging a marriage to someone progressive and forward thinking while his son was barely ten had been a touch too foresighted for him."No, Moira, I am stuck rather firmly in the middle. No one cares when you're a servant, and no one cares when you're titled, but it's these... damn intelligentsia and merchantmen with their complete... backwardness despite their supposed enlightenment are overly concerned with appearances. When you've already made it you don't need to worry, but when you're like Kurt every move must be perfect. He'll marry me off to a business associate, because that is what you do with male omegas with nice dowries." The ability to bear children did not make him an imbecile. He tapped his lips, lazily. "No, the trick is finding a more powerful friend, and no Professor at the Institute is going to tangle with Xavier money behind Marko pigheadedness. It's either up or down, and I'd rather prefer up.""Wouldn't we all," Moira agreed. She'd done well enough for herself with a position in the palace kitchen and occasional nights in Lord Cassidy's bed; she had been set up as close to an independent woman as one could be in this day and age without a title. Charles was a merchantman's son, and had grown up among professors, he knew the comings and goings of money and power well enough and had seen to it that Moira would be well taken care of on the proceeds of her earnings. His own dowry was invested at his discretion and if he could just get the thing he would be well set himself, but no it was for his alpha, not him. "I'd just marry you if it would fulfill the antiquated terms my step-father has put forth.""Thank you for such a vote of interest, Charles," Moira teased, and he smiled back, good-natured. "Come work in the kitchens.""I beg your pardon."Moira laughed. "It is how I snared Lord Cassidy. You find an appropriately titled Lord - or Lady, don't pretend you aren't interested in them - you strike his or her fancy and they set you up with a marriage to some imbecile who doesn't appreciate your talents and is too half-witted to realize when you've taken your own dowry, and increased it a hundred fold. You have a child or two and live in the relative lap of luxury. All those pretty skills your father and step-father have foisted upon you will do better than what I used to acquire myself a Lord.""Equipment provided by God's good graces," Charles said. Moira was very nicely equipped, as a matter of fact."Lord Cassidy would not appreciate you admiring the equipment."Charles shrugged. "Does Lord Cassidy have a friend?"Lord Cassidy did have a friend, in point of fact. Summers, second son of the Earl Christopher, not the most elevated of benefactors, but better than Marko, and better than the self-important merchants that were sniffing around for Charles to become a more appropriate marrying age - like nineteen. Summers - or Alex as Charles was invited to call him when they were alone - was a delightful bundle of neuroses, envious of his brothers, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Logan (X-Men)
Azazel (X-Men)/Mystique
Charles Xavier/Other(s)
Sean Cassidy/Moira MacTaggert
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers

freeform: 
Mpreg
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Historical
Alternate Universe - No Powers
monarchs
Politics
Dubious Consent
Attempted Rape
First Time
Happy Ending
Violence
Hurt/Comfort
Imprisonment
Pegging
slut shaming language
Charles You Slut
Courtesans
Canonical Character Death
Clockpunk
fashion porn

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Logan (X-Men)
Azazel (X-Men)/Mystique
Charles Xavier/Other(s)
Sean Cassidy/Moira MacTaggert
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers

