Chapter 1: the plan
    


Summary:

To any new readers: You don't have to read the previous fics to understand this one, but you should know that they have watched Infinity War and Endgame so they know that Tony died. All of the characters are from 2018 - a week before Infinity War.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

In Ixtenco, Mexico, a car drove up to a destroyed village, and Maria Hill and Nick Fury got out. 
"Shit, what happened here?" Sam asked.Peter shifted uncomfortably. "Do you think that it's aliens again?"Everyone's eyes widened.Rhodey groaned. "I thought we were done with this shit."
"Nick, this was a tragedy, but it's not why we're here. What, are we fighting the weather now?" Hill said. 
Everyone froze."Wait, what?" said Rhodey. "Fighting the weather?""The weather?" said Bucky. "So, it's just a natural disaster.""Thank god," Peter sighed in relief, and then a panicked look crossed his face. "Not that a natural disaster is a good thing!""We get it, kid," said Rhodey. "You're just happy that it isn't some weird shit."
"Locals say the cyclone had a face," Fury replied.
"A face?" everyone exclaimed, astonished.Rhodey groaned. "Never mind, I take that back. This is some weird shit."
Hill was saying that people say things when they're under stress, and it isn't the start of a new world threat when a green cloud of smoke appeared in front of them. Fury and Hill pulled out their guns, looking towards a strangely dressed man wearing a fishbowl. 
"Who the hell is this guy?" said Clint. "Why does he have a fishbowl on his head?"Tony froze. "I know him.""What?" everyone said.Tony nodded. "His name is Quentin Beck. He used to work for Stark Industries, but he was unstable, so I fired him." He turned to Peter and said, "If you ever see this man, don't talk to him."Peter nodded with wide eyes.
Beck asked Hill and Fury who they were, and then the Earth Elemental came out from the ground. 
Everyone's jaws dropped at the sight of the Earth Elemental."What the fuck?" yelled Clint."What the hell is that?" cried Wanda.
"You don't want any part of this," Beck said before shooting green blasts from his hands.
Tony blinked in surprise. "He did not have that when I last saw him.""When did you last see him?" Steve asked. "We should know if we have another enhanced.""Two years ago."Sam and Rhodey groaned. "I'm so over this," Sam muttered.Bucky raised an eyebrow at the sight of Beck shooting green blasts from his hands and asked Strange, "Isn't that similar to your sorcerer thing?"Strange looked at Beck closely and then shook his head. "No. That's nothing like what we do.""Great, so now we have an unstable man shooting green energy from his hands," Tony said, so done with everything.
'I Will Always Love You' played as a poorly edited video was shown in tribute of the fallen Avengers - Tony Stark. 
Everyone stiffened at the reminder of Tony's death while Tony was slightly pale.
Steve Rogers. 
"Wait, what?" said Steve, bewildered. "I'm not dead.""Well, we can't exactly tell the public that you went back in time, and now you're an old man, can we?" said Natasha."There's no way we would even tell anyone outside the Avengers and Guardians about time travel," Bruce pointed out. "Can you imagine how dangerous that would be?"
A note appeared that read A month after everyone came back, Steve died peacefully in his sleep. The public was told that he died due to injuries sustained from the fight with Thanos, although there were a lot of conspiracy theories.
The room was silent."Oh," Steve said. He didn't know what to say. Bucky and Sam were pale.
Another note appeared that read After Steve came back, Bruce destroyed the Quantum Tunnel and all his notes and data, and Pepper wiped all the data about time travel from FRIDAY's servers.
Everyone sighed. "Thank god," said Bruce."At least, we don’t have to worry about people time travelling now," said Clint.
Natasha Romanoff and Vision were also shown. 
Everyone winced as Natasha turned a little grey. Wanda's heart jumped into her throat at seeing a picture of Vision and Natasha in a tribute video.
There was another picture of Tony. It shifted to show Midtown School's news show with Betty Brant and Jason Ionello. 
"Oh, this is why the video was so shitty," Tony said wryly."Jason and Betty!" Peter said happily, who was glad to see that they were okay. "Gone.  But not forgotten ," said Betty. Jason thanked Kenneth Lim and Vihaan Ramamurthy for their help with that touching video tribute. Betty tried to say, " This year has been nothing short of–" while Jason interrupted and said, "Shit was crazy. It's like insane." Everyone snorted."That's one way to put it," said Clint.
Jason and Betty argued about Jason's swearing as Jason said, "Yeah, it's like the last day of school, we're good." 
Tony clapped Peter on the back. "Summer vacation! That'll be fun."Betty ignored what Jason said and continued, " Over five years ago, half of all life in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Spider-Man: Far From Home (Movie)
Avengers Watch Spider-Man: Far From Home
Watch it fic
watching the future
everyone hates mysterio
rhodey and tony think happy/may is the funniest thing ever lmao
wanda and tony ship peter/mj so much
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Feels
Peter Parker Needs a Break
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Avengers
Human Disaster Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker Friendship
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

