Work Text:

When Erik gets back to the room Charles is awake again, groaning and rutting himself against the come-stained mattress with his face almost smothered in the pillows, cock sliding slick through the mess he’s already made of himself. With his arms bound to the headboard and his ankles to the footboard he only has a limited range of motion, but he’s making do by propping himself up on his elbows and bracing his feet against the bedposts for leverage. From the doorway it gives Erik a splendid view of Charles’ ass rocking backward and forward, his hole leaking slick almost continuously now, so far into his heat.



Erik would feel bad about tying him up if it weren’t for the fact that Charles likes it when he’s rational, too. As it is, it’s the best way to stop him from wandering off and getting himself caught in a backalley by some opportunistic Alphas who wouldn’t be put off by the stink of Erik’s pheromones all over him telling them to back off.



Charles turns his head just far enough to free his nose from the sweat-drenched pillowcase and inhales sharply, then starts quivering and shaking, tugging mindlessly against his bonds. “Nnng, Erik, please, I want you, please, get - come over - I want - ”



“You want me in you?” Erik asks, putting down the bag full of supplies he’s just been out to fetch on the floor and slowly starting to unbutton his heavy winter greatcoat. It’s cold out there, the streets two feet deep in snow in some places, and he could do with some warming up, but for now just watching is enough to get him hard. Charles hasn’t stopped his rocking. “Do you want me to mount you and fill you up with my cock?”



It earns him a sobbing moan, Charles whimpering and coming all over the mattress like the idea of it is enough to set him off, spurting more wetness onto the sodden sheets and gasping for air. “Oh, please! Oh, please - ”



He hangs up his coat and starts unbuttoning his shirt cuffs at the wrists, folding them back neatly along his forearms and shucking off his shoes. “How much do you want it, Charles? Are you going to eat something for me?”



“Yes, yes, but please, could you - first could you - ”


“Sssh,” Erik says, and finds a spot on the bed that’s still relatively clean to sit down level with Charles’ hips, reaching out to stroke a hand over his sweaty, naked back, which arches into the touch. “Sssh, let me take care of you.” And he slides his hand back, back and down to trail along the crack of Charles’ ass until he finds his slick and dripping hole, and slides two fingers  in.

The Omega cries out and shoves back against him, and his hand goes in so easily; they’ve been fucking for days, and Charles is stretched and wet and wanton all the time by this point, his hole sucking greedily at the fingers as though he wants to pull Erik’s whole hand inside of him. Another time, maybe; Erik’s already so hard in his pants that it’s becoming very uncomfortable, and he reaches with his free hand to adjust himself, not quite able to resist giving himself a quick stroke that makes his toes and fingers curl. Charles  screams  as Erik’s fingers brush against the sensitive glands up inside him, and a new gush of slick slides out of him and down the insides of his thighs, missing Erik’s cuffs where he’s rolled them up just far enough. “There now,” Erik says, pleased, and eases down the zipper of his pants to pull out his cock, jutting from his flies and already starting to seep pre-come. “Feel better?”


Charles is panting and sobbing, still, still rocking gently back and forth on Erik’s fingers, so good, and so Erik smiles and bends his own rule - one orgasm, then food - enough to lean over and lick gently at Charles’ fluttering hole, lapping at the thick clear fluid that’s still leaking out of him. It tastes slightly salty, chemically balanced to arouse Charles’ Alpha, musky-scented and delicious. It’s impossible not to lick that crinkle-skinned hole again, to bury his nose between Charles’ cheeks and lick all around his fingers where they’re still holding Charles in place and make the man underneath him squirm and whine and beg for more.



He strokes a hand down one trembling thigh, and his fingers come away so wet with slick he can barely hold onto the flesh underneath. Time for a wash, then, before Charles’ skin gets too irritated.



He doesn’t let Charles up, of course; loose-limbed and eager, Charles would only try to climb into his lap and get Erik’s cock back in him, probably ruining the suit Erik’s wearing and definitely not getting bathed. Instead Erik pulls his fingers out - ignoring the sound of disappointment from his Omega - and goes to fetch a washcloth and a bowl of warm, soapy water from the bathroom, bringing them back in with him and setting them down on the wooden chest at the bottom of their bed where Charles can’t knock them over. For this he unbuttons his shirt, slowly, button by button letting the fabric gape and part to show flashes of his chest between them
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Bondage
Rimming
Fingerfucking
Anal Sex
Anal Play
Handfeeding
Mouthfeeding

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

