Work Text:
He’s pulling on his shirt collar for the 4th time in as many minutes as he scans the room. Steve trusts that Sam wouldn’t lie about his clothes, and he honestly didn’t think he’s send him on a blind date unless he looked at least presentable – but the shirt was tighter than anything he owned.“That’s because it actually fits, Steve.” Sam had argued in the store as he made Steve try on every item that caught his eye. “You’ve been living in clothes three sizes too big since I met you, man. You gotta at least try to wear something that fits.” He didn’t bother to mention to Sam that the reason he didn’t wear ‘clothes that fit’ was because he hated going into stores and asking if they had any extra smalls in stock. But Sam had taken him into a nice store, with a man who looked like he’d been steam pressed into his suit.It took nearly two hours for the salesman to find something that he deemed ‘the perfect fit’ and although Steve normally didn’t feel very confident about his appearance, he certainly had to admit that the suit looked… well… really good. It was an indigo blue, with a crisp white shirt, and although he thought it was a little too bright, he didn’t feel like he stood out too much.The bar was busy – it seemed a really popular place for people to meet, and Steve was sitting at the bar. He’d already been carded, but he’d come to expect that in most places. When you barely stand over 5 foot 2 and weigh just less that a bag of sugar, it happened a lot. He was trying to look relaxed, because Sam had told him that the guy he was meeting was a friend of a friend and had just moved to New York – he didn’t know a lot of people in the area and although Steve might not look like it, he was in fact, the person who knew people.He had his own art gallery, paid for by his short but incredibly lucrative art career, and one of the side effects of having the gallery was that Steve knew pretty much everyone in New York worth knowing. He’d become well known for hosting some of the best opening nights for new artists, and one of the first in the city to show art from street artists – selling oversized sheets of drywall and launching that style into the homes of the upwardly mobile, modern crowds.It was how he met Pepper Potts, and through her, Tony Stark. How he met the stunning Russian socialite Ms Romanov and the Pulitzer winning Clint Barton – he was invited to every event worth going to. And his ‘unique’ style of dressing had come under fire more than once. Mostly from Tony Stark – but that was a man who wore rose coloured aviators and purple suits, so Steve didn’t take it too seriously.But Sam was his best friend and Steve listened to him. Which was why he was sitting at a bar wearing a suit that fit him, in a colour he normally only saw in paintings.The thing was, Sam hadn’t really been able to tell Steve much about the guy he was meeting – because Sam didn’t know him. “He’s one of Reilly’s sisters friends.” Sam said, apologetically. “His name is Georges and he’s apparently big news in the shipping world. Honestly Steve, all I know is that he’s good looking and wears a lot of black.”So Steve was waiting at the bar. Unthinking, he ran his finger around the collar of his shirt once again. The suit was too much, maybe? Maybe Steve should have just worn what he felt comfortable in. He kind of felt like he was dressed for a wedding. Or a funeral. Georges should have arrived about half an hour before, and Steve was starting to think that he’d been stood up, when a man hurried through the doors, looking around a little too quickly to just be arriving for a drink.Sam was right.He was wearing a lot of black.A black suit that looked like it had been tailored specifically for him, a black vest – even his shirt and tie were black.Sam was right.He was incredibly good looking. A square jaw, full lips – it was too far away to make out the colour of his eyes but they looked like they sparkled in the lighting – coupled with an obviously muscular build… Yes, Steve was quite happy to be set up on a blind date with this guy. Taking a deep breath, he raised his hand to wave him over, trying to look like he was the successful New York socialite he was, rather a boy from Brooklyn who got lucky.Georges saw him, and Steve held his breath for a second as the other man looked him over quickly. This was it – if he saw any kind of revulsion or disgust, he was going to see it in the first few seconds.He smiled, and all the stress Steve had been unknowingly carrying in his shoulders seemed to seep out of him in one breath. The insanely good-looking friend of a friend didn’t seem disappointed that his blind date was probably half his size or that a stiff breeze would knock him over. He made his way over to Steve without ever taking his eyes off him.“Hi!” He said, and Steve was a little surprised that his accent didn’t have a trace of his natural French tongue. “I thought you woulda left already. Traffic was a nightmare.”“Well,” Steve said
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rich Bucky
rich Steve
art gallery
Painting
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Suits
Painter Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

