Work Text:
Professor Barnes had been ignoring you for several months now. Since that fateful Halloween night in which everything changed. The night you thought would’ve led to more but instead only led to rejection and shame. Though your panties continued to get soaked for him, fantasizing about that night and every other possible situation you could wind up in. Wishing to have him touch you again, to feel him devour you, but after that night, he never even stared your way again. No matter what you did.His avoidance only got worse when you were in class. Every time you tried to approach him, he would wave you off or leave as fast as he could. Making sure he was never alone with you. Only letting you say something if it was during class where he had to treat you equally and allow you to ask questions about the material. Even then, he called on others before you if he could get away with it. When before the incident the two of you were on friendly terms, discussing more than just class material, but now, that was gone too. Treating you like every other student, as if he hadn’t watched you fall apart for him in the middle of a dance floor. As if he hadn’t fucked you raw in that club bathroom.You understood why he ignored you. He could get in serious trouble if someone were to find out what had happened. He was your professor and there were rules, but it was easier said than done. Your crush only got worse as time went on and seeing him twice a week didn’t help put an end to it. Though you don’t know what you were expecting to happen. That night was supposed to be a one-off, something to help your stress. You never would’ve cared about seeing your one-night stand again if it wasn’t him. It was stupid, but when you found out who was under the mask, a part of you thought it would continue and maybe even lead to more. He seemed to have enjoyed it just as much as you had. Now, all you dreamt of was him buried in you for hours, not just that either. You dreamt of getting to know him, finding out what his interests were, what books or movies he liked, his favorite food. You were interested in everything he could offer, and he didn’t even acknowledge you.You still remember his reaction as soon as the mask slipped off. The look of shock in his eyes, and the immediate guilt that froze them over. His biting words of this was a mistake, it never happened proceeded by the fumbling of his clothes, trying to get them on, and then he was gone. Leaving you a wet cum filled mess that was stinging with rejection.You had tried everything to talk to him for months. Giving him time, hoping that would allow him the clarity he needed to see that it wasn’t a mistake but that just drove him further away. You on the other hand just got more invested and needy. Spending far too long just admiring him, reminiscing, and even trying to tempt him into more. Thankfully, you hadn’t been caught by anyone else for those riskier endeavors. Not even your friends knew who your Halloween hookup was or what you had been doing in order to seduce him.Everything he did seemed to remind you of that night. The way his hands moved around in class as he expressed himself, reminding you of how those hands felt inside of you. How they felt gripping and marking at your skin, forcing you into that wall. Anytime you saw a peek of that tongue, you were biting your lips and squeezing your legs together. Reminded of the way it felt against your neck and tongue, wishing you had gotten a chance to feel him lick at your folds. No one else had ever felt that good.Every class, you left soaked and disappointed that he wouldn’t talk to you and evaded your every move. You were desperate, which was why you caved and booked an appointment through his TA during office hours. He couldn’t escape you there. After all, office hours were meant for the students, and his job entailed being there for all of them, including you. Though as you knocked on the door, nerves rushed through you, beyond anxious about what you were going to do. Hands fussing over the little outfit you wore especially for him.The look on his face when he opened the door was priceless. The way his eyes widened when he saw it was the one person he was trying to avoid and forget most on campus, it was something you were sure in any other circumstance would have had you howling in laughter. His eyes couldn’t help but trail down your body as he saw what you were wearing for him. Dressed as the perfect schoolgirl; a plaid little skirt, with a button-up blouse and long knee-high socks. The skirt wasn’t as short as you had wanted, nor what you could’ve gotten away with for Halloween. But, if the way he jerked inside you that night when you said Professor was any clue, it was something you knew he would still appreciate.

Clearing his throat and forcing his eyes to stop their inappropriate roaming. He mentally shook himself, working on getting that wall back up, so that when he reopened his eyes, a stern gaze was firmly
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Character(s)
Professor Barnes/Student Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes x Y/n

freeform: 
NSFW GIF
Smut
Professor Bucky Barnes
Teacher-Student Relationship
Taboo
Professor Kink
Schoolgirl uniform
Sex at university
Taboo Relationships
Student seducing teacher
Dubious Ethics
Bucky tries to resist
persistent morality
breaking professor barnes
Desk Sex
inappropriate relationships
Inappropriate Behavior
Vaginal Fingering
Oral Sex
Licking
Cunnilingus
Brazilian Wax
Office Sex
half-clothed
Masturbation
Finger Sucking
Squirting
Cuming Inside
Seduction
cum leaking
Multiple Orgasms
Teacher/Student Sex
Vaginal Sex
Sex
giving in
Animated GIFs
Cock Tease
Teasing
Fucking
PORN gifs
Erotic gifs
sex gifs
bare pussy
hairless pussy
long socks
Reader-Insert
Student Reader
Professor barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Character(s)
Professor Barnes/Student Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes x Y/n

