Work Text:
It started with the latest string of missions, all one practically on top of the other.  Three missions straight where the bad guys lost and the Avengers kicked ass and the World's Greatest Marksman watched.The first mission had been over almost as soon as it began, with Tony disabling the remote-controlled hovercraft being used to bombard the eastern seaboard.  The rest of the Avengers had all done mostly clean-up work, and Clint hadn't been able to figure out where to hit the hovercraft with an arrow to disable it, by the time Tony had them all shut down.  Hawkeye had ended up doing not much at all, but the situation had called for brute strength to smash the hovercraft and a computer genius to shut them down.  Clint hadn't expected anyone to call him out for standing around watching -- and other than some ribbing from Natasha and Tony demanding that Clint be the one to fetch them their beer, no one had given him grief for it.The second mission, fighting mutated beetles in downtown Boston, Clint sent a handful of arrows into each of the tires of the madman controlling the beetles with his mind.  Rogers and Thor were battling the madman himself while the others corralled the bugs.  Hawkeye kept aiming his arrows only to find, right before he could let one fly, that the problem he'd aimed at was under control.  He shot out the tires for practice, and just to have something to do.  The next time he didn't even have tires to shoot out.  When the third mission was over and the Avengers had decamped for post-debriefing celebrations, Clint had already made his decision.  He'd signed on with S.H.I.E.L.D. because it had been the right thing to do -- at the time.  But the Avengers Initiative was clearly well in hand and they'd proven, over and over, that the superheros really didn't need a guy who could see really well and hit things with accuracy.The World's Greatest Marksman had gone it alone before.  He'd done a lot of crap he wasn't proud of and a lot of crap he was proud of and mostly what he'd done was demonstrate to himself that he wasn't the man his childhood had tried so very hard to make him to be.  He figured he could trust himself, now, to do what was right and he didn't need the authenticity granted him by a shadowy government agency.With the debrief over, Clint walked out of S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters and waved to Natasha as she called to him they were headed back to the mansion to drink their weight in beer.  He gave her a grin and nodded, then climbed onto his bike and headed out.He took one left turn, then another, down a long stretch of streets weaving through traffic and flipping off the cops who tried to pull him over for speeding.  He ditched them behind a parking garage, then followed a route that he hadn't honestly thought he'd be using.  Or maybe he had -- he'd kept it, after all, even when the Avengers had moved into the mansion together and Stark had made helpful comments about upgrading his motorcycle.  Clint had seen what Stark had done with Steve's bike and it hadn't taken any thought at all to say yes.  But Clint had a feeling there was more hardware in his bike than he'd been told about, hence leaving the bike on the fifth floor and walking up the ramp to the sixth.  He dropped off the edge of the stairs where the security cameras were dead, left his phone and watch and wallet, emptied of cash, scattered under the stairwell and escaped the building undetected.  Down the block there was another bike kept locked away, a simple, small-engined bike that made his Stark Motors 2000 look like a spaceship.Actually, Clint wouldn't be surprised if his bike couldn't reach orbit.  Now that he'd thought of it, he really should have asked before ditching it.  Clint shrugged to himself, then flipped his jacket over a fence as he headed for where he'd left the other bike parked.  Ducking his head, he snagged a brown coat from the back of a chair at a sidewalk cafe, palmed a pair of sunglasses and eased his way through the crowd of pedestrians.  Ten minutes later he was on an unmarked, unregistered bike headed west.He didn't think as he drove, letting his attention focus on the traffic around him and the wind  that kept nudging him towards the shoulder.  He glared at the vans and SUVs that seemed to think he was invisible, and nodded his gratitude to the trucker who gave him plenty of leeway when he pulled around to pass.  It had been a long time since he'd gone for a long ride; this was neither the bike nor the reason he would have chosen for one, but Clint found he was enjoying it regardless.  He could feel himself unwinding, almost if not quite relaxing after the long stretch of missions with barely any chance to rest in-between them.As little as I had to do during, Clint thought to himself, and he had to fight the thoughts away, staring at the back of the truck ahead of him and concentrating on the vibration of the handlebars under his hands.  The first pitstop was a quick one; filling up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Angst
Self-Esteem Issues
First Time

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

