Chapter 1: Prologue: Pondering the Question: Is Any of This For Real or Not?
    




Chapter Text
I don't own Kingdom Hearts, Marvel's Spider-Man, or What If...? They each belong to Disney, Square Enix, Marvel, and, Sony. Hey everyone. It's been a while. Now, for those of you that a freaking out that I'm starting another story while I have several others that need working on don't freak out. This isn't going to be a full story. Not yet, at least. If anything, consider this a special sneak preview of what to expect when I do full work on this story.
Why am I doing this you ask? I was currently in the works on the next chapter of Kingdom Hearts: The Frozen Journey when I hit a roadblock. While I do know where the chapter is going to go, it's the fight scenes I have been having trouble with. I want them to be great but it's taking longer than expected so consider this both an apology and an update of how things are going.

After finishing the first seasons of Marvel's What if...? My mind's wrap around the idea and I've been wanting to do a story like this if you haven't guessed from the current poll on Fanfiction.Net. So, I started a rough draft on a few ideas relating to the poll, and this one I liked the best so far and I thought I'd show it off before continuing Frozen Journey because I felt bad for keeping you all waiting. So enjoy this prologue to this future fanfic!

Prologue: Pondering the Question: Is Any of this Real or Not?
"The Universe, to your eyes, a hundred billion points of light. But where you see light, I see worlds and the countless stories that fill them. But the universe hasn't always been like this. Neither your world."

"Long ago, the world was whole. Protected under the light of Kingdom Hearts. Everyone loved the light. However, there were many who wanted the light for themselves, and darkness was born in their hearts. A great Keyblade War began, as the darkness consumed everything. But it was not the end for the world as the world was restored through the hearts of children. They rebuilt the world as you know today. However, the true light still sleeps, deep within the darkness. That's why the worlds are still scattered, divided from each other. A beautiful tale... only known to a few."
A man with a giant head gazed at the stars before turning to you, the reader, "I know this tale for I am the Watcher. I observe all things and I do not, can not, and will not interfere. In one lifetime, these worlds would be threatened once again by the forces of darkness, and a young man, a Keyblade Wielder unlike any before, Sora, would rise to the occasion to fight against the darkness and prevail with the help of his friends. Donald and Goofy. However, this is not that story. What if someone didn't like the events of how things played out and attempted to change the very story our Champion of Light journeyed through?"
"I am your guide through this strange new reality. Follow me, journey to face the unknown, and ponder the question... What if...?"


"This tale began somewhere, in the southeastern part of Europe, in a small kingdom. Latveria. It was well known due to the ruler of the country."

"A man who had but small beginnings and a tragic childhood. He grew to be a fierce leader of the country after he overthrew its former leaders. His name is Victor Von Doom. Although everyone knows him better as Doctor Doom."

"He had mastered every science and magic known to man. He alone managed to bring peace to his home. However, this was not enough for the good doctor. If he could bring peace to Latveria, why not the whole world if he were to rule it."

"However, he had always been foiled by his long-time rival. Reed Richards of the world-famous superhero team: the Fantastic 4."

"They both went to the same college, it's where their rivalry began. Richards that he was so smart but none were smarter than Doom. He sabotaged a shuttle when examining cosmic rays in hopes to finally be rid of him and his friends. Not only did they survive but they've received superpowers to stand up against him."

"From there other heroes stood in his path for world domination. The X-Men. The Avengers. Inhumans. Despite all his best efforts, he seemed unable to rid himself of them. It would be here, where the events of Sora's journey would be forever changed."
In an attempt to destroy his mortal foes for good, he sent the home of the Fantastic 4, the Baxter Building, into space. However, one of his Doombots walked up to him before kneeling before him, "I am sorry, Lord Doom. But the Fantastic 4 managed to return to the Earth unscathed. Your plan to be terminate your enemies has failed.""Failed?" Doom snarled before raising his hand and blasted the Doombot to pieces, "Doom does not fail!"He stood from his throne, "Richard's just got lucky! Soon his luck will run out!"He turned to his second in command, Lucia von Bardas, and simply ordered, "Leave me."She gave him a bow before leaving the room. Doom sat on his throne. He considere
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Kairi/Sora (Kingdom Hearts)
Kairi & Sora (Kingdom Hearts)
Elsa (Disney)/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Time Travel
Video Game: Spider-Man: Miles Morales
Pre-Kingdom Hearts I
Post-Game(s)
Disney Worlds (Kingdom Hearts)
What If? (Marvel Comics)
Episode: s01e09 What If... the Watcher Broke His Oath?
Masters of Evil
Friendship

fandom: 
Kairi/Sora (Kingdom Hearts)
Kairi & Sora (Kingdom Hearts)
Elsa (Disney)/Peter Parker

