Work Text:
Clint hasn't stopped laughing for twenty minutes. Tony would jump him if he weren't a foot shorter now."I hate you," he says instead, and Clint howls. Even Banner's sort of snickering."That's enough, Hawkeye," Steve barks, and even pitched slightly higher the tone is unmistakeable. Clint swallows the next set of giggles and waves a hand in vague apology.And speaking of apologizing, Thor hasn't stopped trying to. "My brother has been always been a most relentless trickster, I am truly sorry, my friends." Tony's sick of it, honestly--it isn't Thor's fault that the god of mischief thought it would be hi-larious to turn Tony and Steve into a pair of teenagers during a fight (as much as Tony really, really wants to blame someone). And at any rate the Asgardian's beseechingly-sorrowful-puppy-dog eyes are dangerously close to starting a game of chicken with Tony's newly raging hormones."We know, Thor," Tony snaps, kicking the table to spin his chair away. Unfortunately that points him right at Steve, and that's just not okay at all. Hastily he kicks again and swivels until he's staring at the wall of the conference room. There. Good. Safe. "It's not your fault, just let it go.""I don't suppose you'd know when it'll wear off?" Steve's voice is still Steve's voice, steady and trained to command. It does things to Tony. Fucking great. He'd barely been able to handle being a teenager the first time around. How he's supposed to get a grip on himself (euphemistically speaking) with all these painfully attractive people around, he has no fucking idea. He's probably going to have to get a literal grip on himself later--but oh, no, let's not think about that in a room full of people, down, boy, he thinks viciously, and tries to visualize pandas and Nick Fury and other extremely nonsexy things. Okay. Better."I shouldn't think more than a few days," Thor says thoughtfully. "He grows bored quickly, Loki, I could not imagine him enjoying this farce for long.""Well, thank Odin for that." Tony's bitingly sarcastic and he is not going to apologize."You're not actually a child, Stark, stop acting like one," Natasha says from across the room, and Tony holds up a middle finger over the back of his chair. He can sulk if he wants to (he can leave his team behind, because he can't fight and if he can't fight, then they're no team of mine, he thinks, and oh God, he really is  a teenager again). "Tony," Steve scolds him. The I'm-Cap-and-I'm-giving-the-orders-even-if-I-look-like-I'm-in-high-school tone sends a little shiver down his spine. Steve is relentlessly attractive no matter how old he is--though Tony's sure Steve didn't actually look like this when he was younger. He's grateful; spending all his time trying to make sure skinny teenage Steve didn't crack a rib trying to breathe or something would have been a pain. Steve doesn't seem affected by this at all, actually, still giving the orders, clearly in control. Tony's bitterly envious. "Tony, please, you're not helping and we need to decide how we're going to work around this."Tony holds up his tablet, still resolutely not looking at any of them. "What's to decide? Fury e-mailed. We're benched, Widow's in charge, Coulson's going to babysit. The end. Can I go now?" He desperately wants to be out of this room (and this awkward sexual tension, and these pants).Steve growls that low, irritated huff that is no less sexy when it is half an octave higher. "Give me that." Two steps and his tablet is tugged out of his hand, which means Steve is standing right behind him. The back of his neck prickles. Steve lets out a short breath. "You forgot to mention he told us to report to medical ASAP."All they're going to discover is that his hormones are a mess and through the roof, Tony can't really see the point. God, how had he ever lived with this sea of crazy substances pretending to be blood? "Did I?""You did." There's a clatter, presumably Steve setting down Tony's tablet, and then his chair is abruptly swiveled back around. Steve's glaring down at him, his blue eyes unchanged and his blonde hair flopping over them in a completely distractingly adorable way. Tony's stomach lurches uncomfortably. "Come on, let's go.""Fine, whatever," his mouth says without his consent, and his traitorous arms push him upright as his bastard legs carry him out the door after Steve, down the twisting maze of hallways to the medical division. It's a long walk.Tony mentally slaps himself as he wordlessly follows Steve. He needs to snap out of this, he is Tony Stark, he was seducing people when he was in college and actually this age. He's caught his reflection in the chrome surfaces of SHIELD HQ a few times, he's still the darkly attractive kid he remembers he was. He will not be the helpless fainting princess in a tower. He's going to be one of those gung-ho ass-kicking princesses spotting the prince riding his horse down below and deciding she wants a piece of that, and this analogy is falling apart on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
De-Aged
Teenage bodies but adult minds
Teenagers
Kissing
One Shot

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

