Work Text:
So, it started off simply enough. Tony had just caused Steve to blush, because apparently being a genius, playboy, billionaire, philanthropist just wasn’t enough. Oh no, he had to gather up the hobby of Cap-baiting as well (so named by Peter; Steve had nothing to do with that title). And then there was gratuitous ‘aw’ing done by Tony, and Peter and Clint were just bratty enough to join in because they hadn’t mentally progressed past the age of five, and MJ commented on how he really was kinda cute when he blushes, which led to her proclaiming that no one could ever be as cute as Peter when he was blushing, and it all went quickly out of control from there.
They were all suddenly, and Steve really had no clue how this happened, honest, talking about everyone’s blushes and rating the cuteness-level of each one’s blush. Dinner was complete chaos as significant other’s joined in, defending their partners’ honor (except for Natasha, who was just giving Clint this really smug grin that was making him squirm). That was when Steve realized!
He had never seen Tony blush. They had been friends for about a year; had been testing the boundaries of their friendship-slash-relationship for a few weeks with covert touches and secret smiles that were only meant for each other and, of course, Tony getting Steve to blush every time he turned around. Yet, still, no blushes were ever painted on Tony’s olive skin. Steve didn’t know what he would look like, if it would be a full-deep flush like Steve, himself, was prone to succumb to or if it would be a light blush that just spread across his cheeks in a representation of that soft side Tony hid only too well.
He wanted to know, suddenly. Like had a deep burning need to see what Tony would look like flushed with bashfulness, or embarrassment, or even joy…no, joy would be the best. He’d take what he could get, though.  Tony wasn’t prone to any of those three emotions. He was bashful  as often as a cat went swimming, embarrassed even less, and the amount of times Steve had seen Tony truly joyous…well, that had always been a concerning thought to entertain.
Anyway, Steve wanted to see Tony blush, and maybe a little get back at him for always, always getting the best of Steve’s uncontrollable ability to bloom red at the slightest provocation. So, when Tony left to tinker with his gadgets down in his lab, Steve turned to the group and asked, “What about Tony’s blush?” because inexplicably, that conversation was still going on (and now Natasha was glaring daggers at Clint for saying she had an “Adorable Blush,” capital letters and everything).
But no one could answer. They stared at him dumbfounded and confused, well except for Thor who was continuing with his meal in the brief gap left in the conversation. It was Peter who said, “Y’know, I don’t recall ever seeing Tony even get close to blushing.”
They all shared the sentiment and Steve frowned, feeling like that in and of itself was a shame. It brought into sharp relief how composed Tony always was, even with people he proclaimed to trust with his life…he couldn’t trust them with what made up his life, what made up the man under the suit, metal or not.
Well, Tony was beginning to trust Steve. And Steve would see him blush.
As Barney Stinson would say (and no! He was so not!obsessed with How I Met Your Mother): Challenge accepted!
IMCA
It took some practice to employ the first one. Mainly because he had to practice and, okay, research the hell out of what he was supposed to be doing. He knew he couldn’t make Tony blush with the same tactics Tony used against him. That plan of action would only lead to him blushing more and that would be a failure to the mission’s purpose, which would lead to this entire thing blowing up in his face. He had had things blow up in his face before, like bombs, grenades, plans. He didn’t like the way it felt.
So there was some researching, and then perhaps a good, twenty minutes in the bathroom, preparing himself for what was to come. It all looked natural enough and it damn well should with how much acting he did before he was actually a soldier, when he was just a monkey in a costume selling war bonds. It was close enough to acting, so he was pretty sure this shouldn’t be too different.
It was only…a facial expression. Really. That was no big deal.
When he was certain that he could pull this off without looking absolutely ridiculous, he went downstairs, set on starting breakfast and waiting for everyone else to begin stumbling downstairs. The first thing he did every morning was start the coffee…in all four carafes. He made Tony his own pot, placing it in the corner closest to the door, because Tony would likely snatch someone else’s if he had to walk too far (which had almost led to Tony’s death when he took Natasha’s cup).
Then the orange juice was out in time for Peter to stumble down the stairs looking still asleep. Steve just handed it to him as he passed by in order to get to the cereal. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

freeform: 
Steve wants Tony to blush
Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

