Chapter 1: When their paths are crossed
    




Chapter Text
“You have a new mission objective.” 
 
Robin pauses in where she was stitching a stab wound, glancing at the guard. “Report.” She orders, focusing down at the wound to finish the last few stitches. 
 
“You are being temporarily reassigned,” A file is held up and Robin makes a vague gesture with her bloodied gloves. “General Dreykov is waiting for you.” 
 
“Now?” Robin conceals a groan tying the last end of the stitch on the woman in the bed in front of her. 
 
“Now.” The guard confirms, waiting for Robin to peel her gloves off after bandaging the stitches. 
 
Robin turns and snatches the file up, flicking through it briefly to scan the contents. A long-term assignment expected to last at least a year. “I see. Thank you.” 
 
Robin shrugs her white coat off and drapes it over the chair in her office, briefly pausing long enough in the mirror to glance in the mirror and run her fingers through the short dark hair. She kept it short to keep it out of her face and eyes while doing surgery.
 
She heads down the hallway, looking over the details in the file provided to her. There were going to be children involved. Robin hated missions with children. 
 
There’s a woman already in General Dreykov’s office along with a young girl and a guard holding a sleeping toddler. 
 
“Ah, my pretty songbird,” Dreykov perks up when he sees her. “I see you got my message.” 
 
“I’m being reassigned to Ohio?” Robin barely has time to ask questions before the guard is moving toward her and shoving the toddler into her arms. 
 
Robin adjusts her grip, cradling the toddler close to her. There’s a flush on the young girl’s face that informs Robin that she’s been drugged. She feels Dreykov watch her closely as she presses a finger to the girl’s neck to check her pulse. “What did you give her?” 
 
“Just a small sedative to help with the long journey ahead of you,” Dreykov hums. “Fret not, my pretty songbird.” He then turns to gesture at the other two in the room that had been standing stiffly. “You’re being put in charge of these two widows along with what is to become my next muse.” Dreykov’s eyes flicker to look at the toddler in her hold. “You are to look out for their health, their training, and keep them in line.” 
 
Dreykov stands and everyone in the room stiffens except for the sleeping child in her arms blissfully unaware. “We have Melina, who will be working as a scientist at SHIELD,” Dreykov runs his fingers down the woman’s neck before turning toward the child. “And little Natasha, our most promising widow.” He reaches out and cups the girl’s face in a way that sickens Robin.
 
The girl is staring straight ahead with a blank look on her face, every muscle in her body taut and stiff. 
 
“Or, as you will get to know them,” Dreykov finally moves and makes his way toward Robin. Robin moves a hand to cup the back of the toddler’s head, the urge to hold her closer growing. “Your wife and two daughters.” Dreykov reaches up and brushes his fingers along Robin’s cheek. “You will do well, this I know, my pretty little songbird.” 
 
Robin swallows her surprise, glancing at the other woman, her fake wife, once again before schooling her face and nodding. “Yes, sir.” 
 
Dreykov finally pulls away and Robin shifts the sleeping toddler in her arms as she watches Melina accept a thick manila folder with their new identities. 
 
Dreykov looks at her once again. “I expect updates. Do not fail me, my pretty birdy,” Dreykov warns her, his face darkening for a few moments before they’re ushered from the office. 
 
They’re herded toward the garage and Robin rests a hand on the back of Natasha’s neck, ignoring how she tenses up under the touch. Melina is passed a set of keys and they’re stopped in front of a black car. 
 
The small car is already outfitted with booster seats for the girls and a bag of necessities to get them started. Robin focuses on strapping the sleeping toddler into her car seat, checking her breathing and heart rate. She didn’t know how much sedative was given to her or if she would have a reaction. Melina already slid into the driver’s seat and was thumbing through the file she was given. 
 
Robin closes the door and moves around the car to the other side where Natasha was waiting for orders. Robin was familiar with widows and their mindsets. She opens the door and lifts Natasha up into the booster seat, buckling her in as well before closing the door and moving toward the passenger seat. 
 
Melina holds out a wedding ring toward her as soon as Robin settles in the seat. There’s a matching one already decorating her ring finger. Robin takes the ring and slides it on, frowning slightly at the feeling. She never wore jewelry or rings. Too much of a risk when doing surgery and procedures. 
 
Robin briefly glances behind her at the two children before taking a deep breath. She looks through the files she was given. The toddler is named Yelena and she’s three. Natasha is e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Melina Vostokoff/OFC
Melina Vostokoff/Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov & Original Female Character
Yelena Belova & Original Female Character
Natasha Romanov & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Kid Natasha Romanov
Kid Yelena Belova
Child Abuse
Implied Childhood Sexual Abuse
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Melina Vostokoff deserves love
Mother-Daughter Relationship
Hurt/Comfort
Corporal Punishment
Blood and Injury
Found Family
Fluff and Angst
Abuse
Medical Trauma
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Non-Sexual Submission
Dom/sub Undertones

fandom: 
Melina Vostokoff/OFC
Melina Vostokoff/Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov & Original Female Character
Yelena Belova & Original Female Character
Natasha Romanov & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov

