Work Text:
“I can't believe this has happened,” Tony shook his head. “I literally cannot believe -”
“Can it, Stark,” Fury snapped, prying Clint's tiny arm away from his eye patch. “This is hard enough for us all as it is.”

All around them, on the floor, on the briefing room's chairs, the table, 
Fury's lap, 
the Avengers sat in their de-aged state. Everyone – 
everyone – 
in the room but Fury, Steve and Tony were now no older than toddlers; Thor was tottering around on the floor in a circle, screaming to himself; Clint was perched on Fury's shoulder while Natasha was sat on his lap; Bruce, who couldn't have been older than a year old now, was babbling happily in Steve's obviously incompetent arms while Bucky pulled at his pants legs, squealing to be let up; across the room, Rhodey had grabbed a pen from the table and was giggling naughtily as he scrawled on the walls, a teeny tiny Sam Wilson propped up against the wall beside him, staring up at him in awe.

“Our second mission as a team,” Tony cackled, rubbing a hand over his eyes, “and Thor's brother pops back up and takes everyone out. It's just so funny -”
“Have we figured out why Stark and I were the only ones not affected?” Steve asked, shooting Tony a disgruntled look.
“No official word yet,” Fury replied, slapping Clint's hand away when he snatched for his eye patch again. “But CCTV footage seems to indicate that Loki wasn't aiming for either of you.”
“And why is that?” Tony asked. “If I were him, the very first person I'd turn into a baby would be Cap. He's already there, mentally -”
“Oh, look who's talking,” Steve snapped, and then growled. “Bucky, stop tugging on my pants!”
Though Tony couldn't actually see the kid, he did hear a little, frightened whimper from under the table, and saw how Steve's expression immediately dropped into a guilty frown.
“Buck, I'm sorry -”
“No!” Bucky yelled, skittering out from under the table to the far side of the room, pouting the whole way. With the stubbornness only a toddler could achieve, he turned himself to face the wall and sat down, crossing his arms across his tiny chest.
“Oop, guess you're in the dog house,” Tony grinned, barely containing a laugh.
“Shut the hell up, Stark,” Steve growled, standing up and kicking his chair back so he could go over to Bucky, little Bruce still wriggling in his arms.
“All right, here's the deal,” Fury snapped, banging his fist against the table and making a lot of the kids jump. “Whatever giant, pink daddy issues are sitting in the corner, you've got to get your shit together and work as a damn team.”
“Swear!” Rhodey called. “Dollar in duh jar.”
Fury sighed deeply. “Stark, Rogers, I don't care that you don't get along. I don't care. What I care about is your incompetent asses getting a member of this team killed.”
“Wait...” Tony held his hand up, realisation hitting him. “We're not keeping them -”
“Where else do you expect them to go?” Fury asked. “Of course you're keeping them.”
“With all due respect, Sir, neither Stark or I are particularly qualified to be -”
“I don't care,” Fury reiterated. “Read a parenting manual, hire a nanny, I don't care. Just get them out of my sight and off my property.”
“This isn't happening,” Tony began, shaking his head. “I refuse to -”
“I already called Miss Potts,” Fury cut in, and Tony swore loudly. “She and that AI of yours are equipping the tower as we speak.”
“No way!” Tony cried. “This is a damn outrage. There's no way they're staying in my -”
Where else are we supposed to keep them?” Steve sighed, apparently giving Bucky up to the wall as he walked back over to the table. “Whether we like it or not, we can't leave our team. Your tower is the safest place for them -”
“There are millions of dollars worth of scientific equipment there!” Tony argued. “I am not having grubby hands plastered all over it. I've only just redecorated from our last outing -”
“Let's not pretend you haven't made some changes, too,” Fury smirked. “I've seen the blueprints, Stark. I know you were planning to offer to house the Avengers.”
Tony spluttered, momentarily caught off guard. Yes, maybe he was willing to house the Avengers in his tower, but it made sense, right? They needed some kind of base where they were all close, just in case something happened. He had actually been planning to offer his invitations after the battle today, but after it had turned so sour he wasn't sure he was ready.
“In my own time!” he retorted, pointedly ignoring Steve, who he could tell was staring at him in surprise. “It makes tactical sense, sure, but I'm not sure I can stand the thought of Captain Tight-Ass -”
“Just after I had changed my opinion of you,” Steve rolled his eyes, “you show me you are exactly as arrogant and big-headed as you've always been.”
“It's not arrogance if I actually am as smart and brilliant as they say,” Tony replied without missing a beat.
“This is going to end in tears,” Fury sighed, finally giving up as Clint tugged at his eye patch and smacked him in th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
pre Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Age Regression/De-Aging
Fluff
Get Together

fandom: 
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
pre Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

