Chapter 1: Chewing Ice Cubes
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

There's a lot of starving faithfulThat looks tasty, that looks plenty This is hungry work Take me to church.
 Steve Rogers is a struggling artist. It's not as romantic as it sounds.What Steve really wants is a job as a session musician. He can play enough instruments that he could make a decent amount of money doing it, but in New York there are just too many talented musicians and not enough jobs to go around. So he takes jobs in hipster bars, hotel lobbies, at weddings and bar mitzvahs and office parties. Mostly he plays muzak, sings covers of old standards, and since the end of October he's performed the entire soundtrack to Frozen more times than he cares to count.If he gets one more request for Let it Go, he swears he'll find it within himself to punch a child.He lives in a tiny, shitty apartment with Sam, who was his sort-of-boyfriend for a few weeks until he decided Steve's very domestic relationship goals weren't for him. They're still pretty much best friends, luckily for Steve, because when the regular pianist at Sam's dance company runs away to Canada to get married he's recommended his roommate and got him the job before Steve even knows about it.Dancers. Steve's going to have to spend his days with dancers. Great.He knows one of the ballerinas at Sam's company, Natasha, and she's about the furthest thing from what he'd imagined a dancer to be, but at Sam's last party things had been pretty dire where his work friends were concerned. A lot of them work hard and play hard (two girls ended up in the emergency room, apparently that was normal), but equally Steve had been freaked out by the girls clustered at one end of the room sniping competitively at each other. He'd never have believed that a Mean Girls, five people sharing the same Diet Coke moment could happen in real life unless he'd seen it for himself.So yeah, dancers. This might not be as much fun as the time a touring burlesque show had needed a pianist for three nights at a fancy hotel. There are probably going to be a lot less boobs and booze and a lot more hair pulling and nervous breakdowns. And apparently no fucking sleep.Sam wakes him up at five a.m. (five fucking a.m.) to go running before his first day of work. Usually Steve only goes with Sam on his cool-down jog after rehearsal, and he swears his eyes aren't open for the entire time they're supposed to be warming up. It's not like Steve doesn't work out, this is New York and the gay scene is absolutely brutal about looks, but he's blessed with a good metabolism and he's always managed to avoid the early-morning shit.When he follows Sam into the studio space a couple of hours after his rude awakening, showered and clutching a large cup of coffee, he suddenly wishes he'd been hitting the early-morning workouts a hell of a lot more."Is that… Is that fucking Tayte Hanson?!" Steve hisses at Sam in what might be a somewhat over-excited whisper. The guy is warming up pretty vigorously, but the hair and the jawline all scream that Steve's favourite porn star is actually sharing air with him right now."Put your dick away, man." Sam rolls his eyes and shoves him in the shoulder dismissively. "That's just Bucky."When the guy stops spinning (Twirling? Pirouetting? Steve knows fucking nothing about ballet), Steve sees it. He's not Tayte Hanson, although he looks a lot like him, but when Steve sees what he actually looks like there's only a small part of him that's disappointed he's not a porn star. Bucky's eyes are blue all the way across the room, his cheekbones could cut glass, and there's something about his lithe muscles and careful posture that just makes Steve feel things. Cold shower things.The guy catches sight of Sam and waves at him, face transforming into a beaming grin that makes Steve think of sunshine and really, really good sex. Steve would keep staring like an idiot for way too long if Sam didn't start shepherding him over to meet the dance director. Maria has the cropped hair and firm handshake of someone Steve kind of wants to work with, kind of fears, but she's friendly enough and thanks him profusely for stepping in at such short notice.He's leafing through the sheet music Maria's left on the piano in the corner when he hears Sam laughing and glances over, and suddenly remembers the guy he'd been staring at again. Bucky has his arms folded and his jaw set, and Sam is pretty creased over with laughter."I'm not doing a routine to Lady fuckin' Gaga." Steve can feel the force of Bucky's eye-roll all the way across the room, and he hides a smirk behind his sheet music. "Or former bisexual Jessie J.""Are you ever going to stop being bitter about that?""No. I downloaded her album and then she turned into a queer-baiter on me." Bucky gestures indignantly and Sam just snorts. "I paid nine bucks for that shit!""Remind me to teach you about this great thing call
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Ballet
Alternate Universe - Dance
Dancing
Alternate Universe - Pianist
Eating Disorders
Bulimia
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Rough Sex
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Past Relationship(s)
Fingerfucking
Rimming
Massage
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Drug Use
Hospitals
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Past Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Manipulation
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
discussion of suicidal thoughts
Mental Health Issues
Drug Abuse
Mildly Dubious Consent
Self-Destruction
Self-Harm
Implied/Referenced Suicide

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

