Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony should have known not to rely on technicalities.“Multiple kids of wealthy and influential individuals have gone missing this morning. NYPD is actively investigating the disappearances.”The article had appeared on his feed as he opened his news app. The time on the oven read 10.28 and he had just woken up. He grabbed his cup of coffee and made his way from the kitchen down to the lab with his cup in one hand and the tablet in the other. He thanked the Gods that he didn´t have any kids of his own to worry about. No one that could be used against him like that.He thanked too soon.“Incoming call from May Parker, boss”Friday´s clear voice rung out in the empty lab and a sense of dread washed over him. He shook it off.“Answer it, Fri!”“Tony! Have you heard from Peter? Ned texted me and said that he never showed up to school and he won´t return my calls!”May sounded like she was on the verge of hysteria and Tony couldn´t stop is as the feeling of dread returned with full force. He motioned for Friday to pull up the kid´s vitals to see if he had skipped in favor of going out in the suit. It wouldn´t be the first time.“I´m sure he´s fine, May. I´m pulling up the suit vitals right now to see if he…” The red dot on Tony´s screen placed the suit at home. The watch that Tony had given him a few months prior was also offline. It was the same kind of watch that he himself and Pepper wore. Through it he could get the kid´s vitals, location and it even had a panic button. Currently it was showing nothing.“Shit! May, I´ll try to call him, okay! I´ll call you back as soon as I have news.”He barely waited for the woman to confirm before he hung up and dialed Peter´s number. It wasn´t until the third call had gone unanswered that he allowed himself to accept the pieces his brain was putting together.Peter wasn´t his son, but he was as good as at this point. But nobody knew this. Only the closest friends and family knew how much the kid meant to him. On paper he was nothing more than an intern and they rarely left the Tower together – so no one would have spotted them together. But, if Peter´s radio silence had anything to do with the other missing kids…“Shit!”-Peter´s morning had started out like any other. He´s snoozed for half an hour only to rush through the rest of his morning routine. May had given him a kiss on the cheek before he´d rushed out of the apartment with a piece of toast in his hand and one of his shoes untied.He looked down at his watch – the one that Mr. Stark had given him a few months ago – and realized that his train would leave in 9 minutes. He quickened his step.He never made it to the subway.He got distracted by a text from Ned and before he knew it, he was being dragged into the alley he was passing and a hand was covering his mouth. He tried to fight them, but he was just Peter Parker right now. He couldn´t really use his Spiderman strengths – at least not until he knew what their motive was.A fist connected with his stomach, leaving him breathless and unbalanced, and that was all it took. He felt a prick on the side of his neck and a few seconds later, the world went black. When Peter awoke again, he wasn´t alone. The metal under him was cold but he could feel someone warm next to him. He slowly opened his eyes.A few lights hung from the ceiling of what looked like a shipping container, illuminating what seemed to be at least twenty kids around his age. Some were unconscious, but most were awake – and looking at him.“No, I´m telling you! It can´t be that because Parker is here and he´s not like us.”Peter looked around. He knew that voice.“Flash?”Peter´s classmate sat almost directly in front of him. His hair was messy and his clothes disheveled. He looked a mix between angry and scared.“Are you rich?”“What?”“It´s not a complicated question, Penis! Are you rich?”Peter looked around the container and the kids who were awake. They all looked at him with serious faces.“What? You know I´m not, Flash.”Flash looked pleased with the answer, which confused Peter further.“See, I told you so. He lives with his aunt who´s a nurse. He doesn´t fit the profile.”“What profile?”Peter shot his school bully an annoyed look before looking around. He locked eyes with a girl who sat a bit further down from Flash. She looked like she was maybe a few years older than him, like more college age. She gave Peter a timid smile.“All of us have parents who have a lot of money and influence. We´re guessing that this is some sort of big scale ransom thing…”“Yeah, and everyone but you fit the mold, loser.”He looked back towards the boy in front of him. Flash was working hard to keep up a façade of arrogance and unbotheredness, but Peter could see plain and clear how terrified he was. His retort died in his throat. After all, he was more experienced with handling these sorts of situations, so if picking on him helped Flash stay calm, he´d take it.The rest of the kids woke up within the next hour. After
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Teen Peter Parker
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Kidnapping
Hostage Situations
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Avengers Family
avengers acting like a team
Worried May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Flash Thompson Needs a Hug
Flash Thompson Redemption
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Awesome Michelle Jones
Domestic Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

