Chapter 1





Chapter Text
If Peter had one thing to say about his trauma after the blip, there would have been a good list of things. Space was definitely a no go, any interest in that diminished the second he almost got killed by a purple alien. Also he wasn't a fan of anything dry, for example: sand was a no, any kind of winter weather, and most of all, dust.  He remembered that day vividly, the terror of possibly disengaging into thin air only lasted a few moments, but it was utter torture.  After that only three of them had been standing, Peter had looked at Tony for some kind of answer only to be met with his defeated eyes.  Getting back to earth was a miracle in itself since Peter had been sure they were going to die. Things kind of all clumped together after that, everyone went their separate ways, learning how to deal with the loses.  Peter was only nineteen at the time and had absolutely no idea what to do with himself. He still had his little apartment, he still had May and that was something to be grateful for. Tony disappeared though and Peter still didn't want to admit how painful that had been. He understood the man hadn't done anything purposefully, he usually never did, but it didn't change the fact that Peter had one less person to care about him. ** Skip forward six years, Peter was now an adult, had fought in two battles with Thano's, almost died both times, and now he was working at a grocery store so if that didn't sum up his life nothing would.  Seeing everyone again had really been quite awkward after everything was resolved. Trying to speak to Tony again just hurt, so he walked away from that. He had spoken with Natasha before she left to god knows where, and then had watched slightly from the sidelines as the Government created a new Captain America that looked very punchable.  Peter didn't have another choice but to occasionally have to meet with the GRC council as well, they continued to state that the world 'desperately needed his help' and then refused to give him any kind of compensation when he did give in and do a job for them. On the plus side May had gotten married to Happy, so he at least knew she was being taken care of and being treated well in the beauty of California. For years she had been sure an Alpha would never be a good fit for her and she could handle herself.  He couldn't bat on her too badly though since he had developed the same mindset, the difference was, Peter was bending the truth a little. From a young age it was only he and May, since they were both Omega's in a bad neighborhood, it was barely ever safe for them to walk outside. So, when he was around fourteen right after presenting, they had both decided that putting him on suppressants and scent blockers to appear like a Beta would be a smart choice. And for eleven years, he had continued the same ritual. It made it easier to do his superhero business as well, not having to worry about being treated like a dainty flower. The world of Alphas, Betas and Omegas had been one to always cause controversy. While most of the world knew that every gender was capable and deserved to be treated like humans, there were still a view bigoted groups out there that believed Omegas were only useful for having children. Most of the higher up positions in the world were run by Alphas. Most of the Avengers were Alphas except for him and Wanda Maximoff, so there was still a lot of issues there.  And Peter sometimes could understand why they ran the world, or at least in certain situations. Superhero Alphas were terrifying, they were like a step up from the regular everyday Alpha and Peter had to train himself not to bow down to some of the Alphas he worked with on occasion. He was currently sitting in his small apartment, trying to rest his feet after a long day of standing and scanning items for rude customers. Peter desperately needed a new job, but didn't have the time to ever go out and look for one.  In their current economy he wasn't too confident he would find one anyway. He had just stopped being able to afford an electricity bill so he just lived in the dark and had to be okay with that, it wasn't too bad though, he had flashlights.  He was about to get up and try to just get some sleep when his phone loudly went off. Peter let out an annoyed grunt, but grabbed it, not looking at who it could be. "Hello?" "Hey Parker, it's me." Peter scrunched his brows together, "Sam?" "Yeah, sorry for calling so late, I hope I didn't wake you." "No not at all, is everything alright?"  He heard a sigh through the phone, "well no, not really." "Gonna have to elaborate Cap." Peter said, walking into the kitchen and grimacing at the empty cabinets. "We're real scarce on Avengers nowadays, it all seems they have either disappeared or went into retirement." Peter snorted, "heard anything about Wanda since the town thing?" "No, still missing." "Anything on Natasha?" He asked. "Think she deserves the break." Peter couldn't agree more 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Sam Wilson
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Mpreg
Unplanned Pregnancy
Action/Adventure
Violence
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Top Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Peter Parker Whump
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Slow Romance
Drama
Eventual Romance
Fluff and Smut
Peter didn’t get blipped
Peter was nineteen before the blip
Awesome Sarah Wilson (Marvel)
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Sick Peter Parker
Morning Sickness
Rough Pregnancy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker

