Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The cupcakes are burning, and Darcy is going to murder Jane. It’s about ten seconds until the fire alarm blares, the sprinklers turn on, and Darcy will have to do the walk of shame downstairs in her wet clothes to cancel the fire truck and explain away yet another disaster. It’s only been two weeks since the last one. The security team would never have the gall to throw out Jane, astrophysics extraordinaire as she is, but they wouldn’t hesitate to do so to Darcy. Jenkins, down at the security desk, has been gunning for her at least seven of the eight months Darcy has been here, which she considers both an accomplishment and an inconvenience. Darcy rushes to switch the oven off. She opens it and coughs as a great plume of smoke hits her in the face. Her glasses fog, and she throws them on the counter. The cupcakes are black. They smell like ash — probably taste like it too. She groans. Usually, it wouldn’t matter. She likes baking and would be happy to make another batch, but she has a date in thirty minutes — a first date — and she’s still wearing sweat pants, a t-shirt that reads ‘I may be N Er Dy but only periodically’, and one earring. She’d been about to put the other one on when she smelled the smell. She knew that smell, and she hated that smell. The smell of disappointment: Jane agreeing to do something for her but walking off on the job. But now the cupcakes are a lost cause. Darcy hears soft footfalls behind her. They pause momentarily, then continue slower. She doesn’t look back. If she does, she’ll either scream at Jane or cry, and while both sound wonderfully cathartic, she doesn’t want to resemble a subpar pufferfish for her date. Her and Tom from analytics are only going to get pizza, and while she’s always up for pizza, she’s more excited to be actually going out than anything else. “Get me a trash bag,” Darcy says when she’s sure she can open her mouth without swearing. She can’t keep the anger from her voice. Another pause in the footsteps. Darcy replaces her glasses, then wiggles her fingers. “C’mon, I got places to be, people to see. Trash bag.” A drawer opens and closes in her left peripheral, and then the roll of bags is being placed carefully in her outstretched hand.  “Good job,” Darcy mutters, “you managed to do something I asked you for once.” Jane is silent behind her. Darcy huffs. Puts on an oven mitt. “Okay, I know that was a petty thing to say, but really, Jane? You couldn’t have listened out for the alarm? The universe isn’t going to make a break for it if you leave the lab for an hour.” She takes the cupcakes out as she talks, placing them on the granite countertop and poking at one. It crumbles beneath her finger. She continues, “Learn to respect the baking science — these molecular structures and chemical compounds didn’t deserve to be axed in the planning stage before having the chance to progress to lab trials. If you want be the very best scientist there ever was, you’ve got to love all the science, not just the —” Darcy finally turns to look at Jane. Her mouth snaps shut. For a moment, she’s befuddled. “You’re not Jane,” she says. It sounds like an accusation. The man looks at her somewhat warily. They’ve never spoken past their initial introduction, but she’s noticed him in the room sometimes, sitting with the others, and Darcy is nosy enough to have done her research on every single Avenger. Just because this one isn’t cleared for missions yet doesn’t mean he’s any less a victim of her curiosity.He shrugs a little and says softly, “I’m not.” His hair shrouds part of his face, and both of his hands — the left one gloved — are curled into loose fists. Darcy blinks, brain short-circuiting. He notices, gaze tracking up until it meets hers, and then he’s frowning and taking a step away. “Wait a sec.” She holds up a hand, and he halts immediately, frown deepening and tinged with confusion. She snaps her fingers. “You’re Cap’s friend, right?” The confusion intensifies. “Yes.” “You know that knitted cardigan he sometimes wears? The beige one with the”— she makes a vague squiggle pattern in the air — “funky spiral design?” “I … No.”“Oh.” Her shoulders drop. “Never mind, then. I’ve been trying to trying to get him out of it for months. Not in like a handsy way but in a ‘I want to pull this apart, figure out the pattern, and knit it’ type way.”  He stares at her. “I haven’t seen him in it.” She sighs, nodding. “He stopped wearing it a while after I got here, which I think is both a pity and a divine consequence of not letting me near the knitted precious.” “Right,” he says after a pause. “Do you need …” He gestures to the cupcakes. “Oh! I mean, yeah, if you’re offering. Thanks.” Darcy hands him back the roll of bags, and he pulls one off, opening it. She picks up a cupcake corpse and grimaces. “I’d offer you one, but it’d probably kill you, super soldier boy enhancements or not. Do you even like cupcakes? Stupid question, everybody likes cupcakes.” She 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Recovery
Domestic Avengers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Scientist Wrangler Darcy Lewis
Bucky Barnes and the 21st Century
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Touch-Starved
Friends to Lovers
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

