Work Text:
The war was over, but when he got home, Bucky got a shock he wasn’t expecting. The shock came in the form of a dark headed little girl with his eyes and a full pout that reminded Bucky of a girl he’d once gone steady with. The shock was his mother’s disapproving frown and the news that the girl had skipped town. The shock was coming home to find himself a Pop already – on his own. The shock was the folks didn’t look down on him, nor his sister – he wasn’t sure if that was because of the medals pinned to his chest or the fact his Maw had a glare that could melt steel.The shock was just how much he loved her.
 “Paw,” Maggie said, her fat little hands grabbing onto his fingers as he tucked her into her little bed as gently as he could. “Paw, put it on!”‘It’ was the wireless, the old one they’d thrown out of his office at the dock when it stopped working. Bucky had saved it from the trash and a few nights working by the old lamp that flickered on and off every few minutes, he had it working again. He put it in their shared bedroom because every little extra got given to his little girl. His army pension wasn’t good enough to keep her in the dresses he wanted, or to shower her with the toys he saw in the storefront windows – but he worked hard to make sure that she got the best he could manage.‘It’ was the nightly broadcast of ‘Captain America – The All American Hero and His Howling Commandoes.’‘It’ was a parody of war, where the bad guys were defeated every time with a well-placed sock to the jaw, where the girl was always saved and where no-one ended up with his best friends guts on their boots. His own Maw loved it, Becca loved it – and they’d passed their devotion to ‘Captain America’ to his daughter. He couldn’t complain much, they watched her through the day so he could work, even though his Maw was maybe getting on a bit and really should have had all her kids out of her feet by now.“I dunno, Maggie.” He told her, a frown in place. “I heard from a little bird today that you wouldn’t eat your greens for your Grams.”She was at the point where little birds were the messengers of everything daddies needed to know. Her shocked face almost made him grin wide, but he kept his frown in place. “I don’t know if little girls who don’t eat their veggies deserve to listen to Cap tonight. I mean – what would he say if he knew?”As far as threats went, it was pretty mild, but Bucky had an ace up his sleeve with ‘Good Ol’ Cap’ because he’d been to war. Maggie knew he’d gone off to fight in the war – and she knew Captain America fought in the war. And that obviously meant that her daddy knew Captain America. It was a common story in kids of her age. A lot of little boys and girls thought their daddies had helped Cap sock Hitler in the jaw once or twice.“I promise, I promise!” She begged, and he gave her a hard look before he nodded, and the wireless went on.She was lulled to sleep by the time the last jingle played – her head probably full of the ‘glory of war’ that her daddy never once saw in his whole time overseas.
 Bucky worked at the docks before the war, and it was the docks that took him back after. Because of his service though (and the weakness in his left arm) they’d stuck him in the office rather than back out hauling crates. He didn’t mind, it was cool in the summer and warm in the winter, and he was good at numbers. Good enough that by the time Maggie was five years old, he got himself a promotion to day manager. The extra dollars in his account made things better – his Maw was proud as a button too, because she always thought that her only son was made for better things than hauling crates around all day. Maggie thought he owned the company, and he couldn’t get her to think otherwise. He took her to work one day, mostly to show her off, and his boss (an elderly man with three grown-up grandkids of his own) adored her. Most folks who met her loved her – but old man Lewis took a special shine to her.“Take this for the wee lass.” He’d say to Bucky some days. “T’was Margo’s when she was a tyke.”Normally little toys or old clothes that his Maw would be able to take in and adjust to fit – a little old fashioned but well-made and good quality. Becca could sometimes be called on to help too, and she could make the frocks a little more modern looking with a few extra adjustments. Sometimes his Maw would bring her to the office if they were in the area, and Mr Lewis would coo and bounce her on his knee just like she was one of his own, and the guys on the docks would chuck her under the chin and tip their caps to his Maw as they left.No wonder she thought she was the most precious thing in the world, spoilt as she was.
 He knew, of course, that no father stayed the most important man in the world to his little girl, but he certainly wasn’t expecting it to happen on her very first day of school. Her uniform might have been passed down from Mr Lewis’ granddaughter, and re-sewn painstakingly by his Maw and siste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
OMC/OFC

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Alternate Universe - No Powers
1940s
Teacher Steve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Parent Bucky Barnes
Captain America Radio Show
no serum
Back from the war

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
OMC/OFC

