Chapter 1: Tony Stark is an iPod Thief
    




Chapter Text
Darcy meets Tony Stark for the first time in an elevator.She has her headphones on, because Tony Stark’s elevator music is aggressively bad.  Most elevator music is boring, but harmless about it-- Tony’s is weapons grade boring.  It is as if he spent time carefully focus grouping to find music that made being in his elevator as excruciating as possible.  The first time Darcy had to take one to the sub-basement level they had stuck Jane on, she’d started to fall asleep while leaning against the side of the elevator.  Now she had a system.  First, a full 8 ounces of black coffee.  Second, a further 12 ounces of coffee with milk in a tumbler.  Third, her iPod, cranked up to ‘this is going to cause hearing damage’ levels.Darcy had also learned not to make eye contact with anyone in the elevator.  So it took a while for Darcy to realize that anyone was talking to her, or to realize that that person was Tony.He’s staring at her iPod, gesturing and opening and closing his mouth, so Darcy pops out an earbud.“--shouldn’t be able to function inside the building.” He finishes.  After a moment of silence he raises his eyebrows at her, like he’s expecting some sort of response.“I didn’t get like the first half of that dude.”  Darcy says, stating what should be the obvious.“Damn kids and their loud music.”  Tony mutters, not actually under his breath but as if Darcy can’t hear it.  “I said,” Louder now, “How does that work on the lower levels?  Nothing that isn’t StarkTech should be able to function below the lobby.”Darcy looks down at her iPod, then shrugs.  “Well, I have no idea.  It always works.”When he puts his hand out like he expects Darcy to give it to him, she does it with a certain level of resistance.  It had taken a lot of effort to get it back from Coulson after the whole Jackbooted Thugs Stealing All Jane’s Stuff incident.  She didn’t want to risk losing it again.On the other hand, this was Tony Stark, billionaire playboy philanthropist and her current employer.  So Darcy handed the iPod over, but she resented it.To her, it didn’t look like he’d done anything to it, but after thumbing through something on the screen, Tony’s face went really white.“This-- Where did you get this?” His voice sounded like it wanted to be demanding but it actually came out kind of scared shitless.  It took Darcy from a bit annoyed to starting to get freaked out in record time. Even though she’d never met Tony before, he had a reputation for being sort of boundlessly confident.  He’d had a casual conversation with Loki and offered him a drink.  Darcy’s iPod should not be the sort of thing that threw him.“My dad gave it to me.  So look, you’re making me kind of a lot nervous right now with your whole Edvard Munch face thing.”  She gestured to his face, which was, if anything, getting paler.“You got it from your dad.  Okay.  Okay.”  Tony said, completely ignoring everything else Darcy had said.  He had her iPod in some kind of death grip, staring with a facial expression one would expect from an actor on The Walking Dead.Darcy had no idea where Tony was getting off, but they were pretty close to her floor, and despite the way he was acting about it, Darcy wanted her iPod back.  It seemed best to extract it now.“Yes.  And now, I would like to have it back.”  Darcy said, speaking slowly and putting her hands palm up in front of his face.  “Please place the offending object into my hands, and we can both leave this elevator and never speak of it again, okay?”Tony seemed to have gone somewhere else, mentally.The elevator opened to her floor, and they both stood there with the door open for a really long time.“Okay.  Well, I’m gonna let you hang on to that. You can just get it back to me whenever.”  Darcy said, finally, and even though she loved that iPod like it was the only thing her dad had ever given her (and it was), she got off the elevator.  The doors closed, leaving her standing alone in the dark corridor that led to Jane’s lab.  Where she would be working, today and for the foreseeable future, without any auditory stimulation.“Son of a bitch.” She swore, digging into her purse for her phone.  Which, hey, Tony was right, does not work.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Matt Murdock/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Darcyland
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Feels

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Matt Murdock/Natasha Romanov

