Chapter 1: Dip one toe into the water
    




Chapter Text
DecemberRogers wants things. He wants to talk about the past. He wants Barnes to be the Bucky-person, but he also wants Barnes to have self-determination.He wants to hug a lot, but he knows that makes Barnes want to hit things, so he tries to keep himself in check.Close surveillance is stressful.On the plus side, Rogers's sofa is a lot more comfortable than the crunchy mattress in his old, dumpy apartment. When he wakes in the middle of the night, Barnes can climb the open stairs to the sleeping loft and look at Rogers, verify his safety. That's pretty nice.Another thing Rogers wants is for Barnes to meet the Avengers-people. It is a reasonable desire if Barnes is to integrate into Rogers's life. Except that it means talking to strangers. Strangers who know about his past. Who have the scientific knowledge to potentially knock Steve out and put Barnes in a cell."They're not putting you in jail, Buck. I won't let them," Rogers says.As long as Rogers is at least 3 m away, Barnes can think of 26 discrete reasons why that logic is faulty. He can think, 'don't be naïve,' and 'last time I checked, you weren't in charge of any war crimes tribunal.' But when Rogers is close by, forget it.It's like he puts out some super pheromone that makes one believe in truth, goodness, and harebrained schemes.Of course, Rogers is sneaky, too."I mean, Natasha already likes you," he says to the pan in which he is doing terrible things to eight poor eggs that never hurt him a day in his life, "and don't you think she'd be the hardest case?"As if Barnes hadn't overheard the entire conversation of furious whispers in Rogers's bathroom three days after contact, in which things had been said like 'I thought you were my friend," and 'how could you keep this from me.'That's when Barnes learned that she was not only terrible to him, because she had said, in a perfectly normal tone,"Gosh, Steve, I just assumed that after everything he went through, you would want him to make his own choices."And Rogers had stumped out of the bathroom 20 seconds later looking mulish.It almost made Barnes like her.Rogers's point is not without merit. She could have put him down like a dog at several points in their acquaintance, but instead she has shown him kindness.Maybe he will ask her about it some time. But Rogers is wrong that she's the hardest case."No. Stark," Barnes says.Rogers flinches at the eggs."Well," he says, "yeah. You're right there."The eggs are approximately the consistency of a tire. Barnes makes a mission note to take over the cooking.Twenty-four hours later, over pancakes at the Vinegar Hill diner where Barnes has been a regular since September, Rogers says,"Maybe Barton! I think you'd like him.""Arrow guy. Met him already."Rogers squeezes his fork until it snaps in two.This is why it's hard to talk to you, pal."Are you kidding me."Barnes shrugs. Seems like Rogers would've preferred Barnes had spent his months of surveillance sitting alone in a room. Reasonable. Barnes still wishes the same thing for Rogers. Alone in a room is safe. "When you and Stark hit that HYDRA office in Manhattan. Barton brought me the rifle."Barnes has a terrible thought."I don't have to give it back, do I. When I see him."Rogers isn't listening."He what? But he said he hadn't seen you! He told me right to my face!"Barnes gazes at Rogers, who is so mad he's sticking his lower teeth out. Makes him look like a nutcracker. Reality adjustment is difficult. Barnes knows this. He wishes to make this adjustment easier for Steve."Really helped me out, too," Barnes says, "otherwise you would've been chasing me around while I was following you. Sounds exhausting."Rogers blinks. Then he sighs."Yeah. You're right. Sorry, Buck. I'm glad he helped."There are so many conversations that need to happen, and they're all locked up inside Barnes's mouth."You broke your fork.""I know, jeez."That afternoon, Barnes is merely trying to cross the room when Rogers blindsides him with,"Actually, let's have you meet Dr. Banner."What the hell, Rogers. Absolutely no doctors. No poking, no tests, no syringes, no scalpels, no gadgets, no drugs. No experiments. No restraints. No restraints."Hey. Hey, Bucky, what's going on?"Rogers's voice has changed. It is suddenly very gentle. Barnes finds that he has backed himself into the corner nearest the door, and although he hasn't drawn a knife, his hand is hovering toward the one sheathed at his thigh."No doctors."Rogers jumps toward him, checks himself, then raises his hands."Oh God! No, of course, Buck. He's not that kind of doctor."Yeah, like that's an improvement."No messing around in my brain.""I promise. He's not that kind of doctor either. He's a scientist. He works with Stark. He's. He's a nice person. He's very quiet.""I won't let him touch me.""He won't touch you, Bucky," Steve says, "I promise. No one will touch you without your permission."Why does that make Rogers look so sad. Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
cursing
Humor + feels
Really bad sarcasm habit
Slight Canon Divergence
Age of Ultron is going to mess up my timeline
My headcanon is a kinder universe than the MCU
Old People Brigade
Cat Eleanor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

