Work Text:
The air is sweet and warm -- not humid or stifling but fresh, perfect. The French windows of the kitchen are wide open, letting in a playful breeze that carries the lazy sounds of the Avengers and Darcy Lewis chilling in Tony Stark's back yard, taking advantage of the unexpected lull in attempts at world domination that the fine weather had brought with it. There can't be more than a yard of clothing between the lot of them; never have there been tinier bathing suits in existence as are being sported right now. Good thing Tony's mansion is a) in the middle of nowhere, and b) has better security than most correctional facilities can boast (Phil is determinedly not making that connection, even in the safety of his own mind. His sanity can only take so much).He's not outside, of course. He's sitting at the kitchen table, enjoying the weather as much as he'll let himself with a teetering tower of files to get through and no desire whatsoever to remove his clothes and parade around mostly naked, like his charges (except Thor. There's nothing 'mostly' about his state of undress, god help him).Outside, the seven of them are sprawled on loungers by the pool, skin gleaming in the sunlight, looking like nothing more than a selection of the most perfect beings in existence. Steve dozes, face squashed into the back of his lounger, feet hanging off the edge and hands trailing over the warm tiles beneath. Stark's sitting up next to him, tapping at his ever-present tablet, black sunglasses failing to conceal the fact that he isn't doing nearly as much work as he pretends, seeing as how he can't take his eyes off Steve's back and the red, white and blue swimshorts he's wearing (under duress, but Darcy turned out to be impossible to say no to. Phil really ought to explore that phenomenon). Natasha's lying prone, one leg bent and arms over her head, black swimsuit making her pale skin shine ethereally in the light, reading Matthew Riley and sniffing disdainfully every now and again, and Bruce is sitting cross-legged with his laptop across his knees. Thor is playing with his hammer (thank everything holy that that isn't a euphemism), and Barton is lying on his back, arms stretched along the back of the lounger above his head, tiny, tiny shorts hugging his hips, wraparound shades over eyes that Phil knows are closed in a still-humbling show of trust. Darcy, meanwhile, lies on her front, breasts mashed into the wood and framed by her elbows until Phil wonders how anyone can be looking elsewhere, chin resting on her hands as she stares at Barton appreciatively.Barton knows it, the bastard; that curve on his lips only comes out when he knows he's being ogled."I still can't believe you have a hawk tattoo," Darcy says, picking up the thread of conversation that Phil thought had already died a natural death. Her tone is mocking, but her eyes are anything but. Barton smirks."I can be proud of who I am," he drawls. The black ink curves over his hip, spiky tendrils flowing up his side and down under the waistline of his pants to form the body of the bird, wings solid and light at the same time where they caress his hipbone. It's a gorgeous tattoo; the contrast between sun-kissed skin and black, black ink is breathtaking.More ink flows across his ribs on his other side, something that makes Phil fight hard not to grin full-out every time he sees it. ILLEGITIMI NON CARBORUNDUM, it says, don't let the bastards grind you down. It's nothing so much as an advertisement regarding Barton's many and varied issues with authority -- and other things Phil isn't supposed to know about, but he has eyes, and level seven SHIELD clearance, and access to Fury's personal files. There are scant few things he hasn't made his business to know about Barton already."Really nice lines there. You gotta tell me the name of your artist," Darcy says innocently. Barton's lips twitch; he stretches languidly, like a giant cat lying in a sunspot, and says nothing. Darcy pouts. She's been fishing for over half an hour already, but Barton remains frustratingly tight-lipped.Phil tunes them out after that, monitoring tone of voice more than words. He's harboring tentative hopes of being able to finish his paperwork in peace, and for his gang of overgrown pre-schoolers to actually get some rest while they can, when he hears Darcy say 'tattoo' and 'ring' in the same sentence, and he stills. Barton only hums, but Darcy's like a dog with a bone when she finds something that doesn't make sense to her, and all he can do is sit there and watch the train wreck happen in slow motion."Why would you have a ring tattooed on your chest, though, over your heart, no less?" Darcy wonders, teeth worrying at her lower lip. Phil contemplates saying something to distract her, but it's far too late -- an interruption at this stage will only swivel her attention onto him, which he'd rather avoid under the circumstances.Darcy's stifled gasp heralds the inevitable. He looks down at his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Secret Marriage
Fluff
Tattoos
Summer

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

