Work Text:
There is something to be said about being dragged into the broom closet in SHIELD HQ by his tie that sets Steve off. Tony’s eyes are already dilating and Steve really tries to listen to the logical part of his brain. But then there’s Tony, warm down his front, grinning up at him slightly maniacal and all sex, and Steve can’t help but draw him closer, fingers ghosting over the fine cut of Tony’s suit.“We have to be in front of the press in half an hour,” Steve says, and Tony laughs.“Better be quick then.” He grabs the back of Steve’s neck and hauls him down, grinning into the kiss. Steve nips at him in retaliation and Tony swipes at the seam of Steve’s lips, groaning when their tongues tangle. Steve grinds their hips together, a quick one-two motion, and Tony tries to use his tie against him. Steve pulls back from the kiss, dropping a light peck on Tony’s temple.“Okay, okay, we can do this later  – Christ,” Steve gasps, as Tony goes to his knees in front of him, already fighting with his fly and Steve wasn’t prepared. His fingers slide through Tony’s hair as Tony noses at his thigh, getting his fly undone and pulling Steve’s cock free. Steve’s fingers tighten and Tony doesn’t have the courtesy to give him forewarning, just swallows him down all in one go.Choking, Steve tries not to thrust forward as Tony hums around him, and Steve’s thighs shake. This wasn’t on the agenda; they had agreed no sex before press conferences when the last time they had to be in front of reporters, they had been late by five minutes and Tony had forgotten to button his fly. Speculation had run rampant and Tony had framed every single magazine that had called him a ‘corruptor of all that America is’. What amused Steve to no end was how he was the one that instigated more than half their bedroom activities because if Tony could be down in the workshop, he would.Steve yanks on Tony’s hair, asking for control of the motion, and Tony practically shudders with need. He tightens his fingers, and Tony stops moving all together, hands sliding from Steve’s thighs to fist against his own, a small whimper escaping him.“Ready?” Steve asks, breathless. Tony groans, mouth going soft and easy around him and it’s almost too simple to use him, to make Tony take and take and take until he’s choking on it, eyes fluttering shut as he tries not to gag. He’s beautiful like this, messy and perfect and Steve thrusts a little harder, moves a little faster, and Tony whimpers against him, tongue working frantic. It’s almost hypnotic, watching his cock disappear between Tony’s stretched lips, catching the hitched noise Tony emits every time he thrusts a little too deep, feeling the quake of Tony’s body as he fights not to take control back again. He doesn’t even have time to warn Tony; his orgasm sneaks up on him and Tony makes a startled noise, eyes going dangerously dark as his throat works. Steve gasps Tony’s name throughout it, groaning when Tony can’t swallow it all down and come paints the corners of his lips. Finally, it’s almost too much, Tony’s mouth too hot and tongue still working him to the point that it’s nearly painful.“Stop, stop,” Steve says, gasping, and has to physically hold Tony still so he can pull free. God damn, Tony’s mouth is lethal. He looks down, catches sigh of Tony still sitting there, cock denting the front of his expensive pants, eyes bright and eager and hungry, and Steve hauls him up, catching Tony in a kiss. He walks them back, until they bump against one of the cabinets, and Steve fights to get Tony’s buckle undone.“We shouldn’t,” Steve starts, but Tony cuts him off with another kiss, fingers clumsy along the line of his shoulders. Steve is thoroughly distracted by the thick tangle of their tongues, and the lingering taste of him coating Tony’s mouth. Tony gasps against him, their kiss turning frantic with each accidental brush of Steve’s fingers against Tony’s trapped cock.“Tease,” Tony breathes, tugging him closer, and Steve finally gets the damn buckle undone.“What do you think will go over better?” Steve asks, kissing along Tony’s jaw to his ear. “Hand job or blowjob? I’m open to either.”“I’m sure you are.” Tony’s words are teasing but his voice shakes. Pushing past the open fly, Steve traces a thumb down the length of Tony’s cock. “I would fuck you but you made the mistake of making that rule. No sex before press conferences.”Tony arches against him, fingers running messy through Steve’s hair. “And yet here you are – fuck – breaking the rules and yes, please.”“Blowjob or hand job, Tony. Choose,” Steve says, grinning at the frustrated whine that gives him.“I would choose to have you turn me around and fuck me against these cabinets,” Tony starts, tilting his head back so Steve can trail kisses down it. “I would choose to have you cover my mouth with your hand while you fuck me fast and hard, exactly how I like it, so I can feel it the entire time we’re at the conference. So I can feel your cock still in me, you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

