Chapter 1: Captain America
    




Chapter Text
Phil was doing the little dance kids do when they’re either really excited, or they have to pee.  Based on the circumstance, Darcy felt inclined to go with excited, but wasn’t entirely ready to rule out ‘has to pee’.  (He'd had a lot of cocoa this morning.)Getting him jacked up on sugar before the biggest day of his young life seemed designed to cause a meltdown.  The cocoa had been more for her than for him, really, because anyone who could face a day full of five year olds without something sweet and chocolatey in their system was a better woman than Darcy.Not that Phil really counted as a five year old, he was way too cool.  That was why they were here-- because Captain America seemed to be the only thing that made Phil act like a five year old.  There was something a little creepy about that level dignity and composure on such a little kid.  Darcy hadn’t been ready to parent a child when Phil had landed on her doorstep.  Maybe he had sensed that, because he was doing his best to not be a child.It was weird.  Blah blah blah, child psychology, blah blah blah ‘different ways of coping with grief’-- it was weird.He wasn’t even ticklish.Darcy had stumbled onto Phil’s love of Captain America when she was cleaning his room.  (Not that she needed to, Phil kept his room immaculate.) But she still liked to pretend that she was helping him straighten it up so she didn’t feel so extraneous.  Darcy knew Phil was acting like this because he was afraid Darcy didn't want him.  He was trying to be easy.  But sometimes it felt like he thought she was too irresponsible to look after him.Well, he was five, he didn’t think that, but most of the rest of his family had.  The reading of the will had been like one of those dreams where you're naked and everyone is staring at you.  It had made her feel small, and incredibly aware that her clothes were not as nice as theirs.  She’d only been working for the Starks for a few months when Phil’s father had died. She had no idea he’d changed the terms of his will, or when he’d done it, or why.  For once her utter lack of poker face had been an asset.  It was hard to accuse her of manipulating Howard when she looked as calculating as a dead fish.  All the tabloids seemed to have that picture-- Darcy with her mouth open, gobsmacked.The only member of the family who wasn't an ass about it was Tony, irony of ironies.  He’d been all quiet and stunned with the rest of them, before  letting out a long breath.He’d smiled at Darcy, this huge blinding grin.“That’s great, no, this is fantastic, this is perfect!  Yes, absolutely, Darcy, why didn’t I think of it before, Phil likes you, well of course he likes you, you’re likeable, I like you.  I mean, I think this is a great idea.  I’m not… I love Phil, of course I do, he’s my brother, love him like a brother, but I’m not really responsible, per say, I was going to ask you to stay on, keep looking after him, but this is better really, this is a much better idea, stability, children need stability, and Phil is a child, so he needs that, someone stable, someone--”At that point, Pepper had put a hand on his shoulder, and Tony had stopped talking all at once.For all that he’d let out that big breath, no one talked that much if they weren’t trying really hard not to say something else.  Darcy was a talker too, she understood.  She tried to include Tony-- sent him text messages about Phil, kept him in the loop.  When she’d found Phil’s Captain America drawings, it had been impossible not to take a picture and send it to him.  It was too adorable not to share.After that, things had sort of spun out of control.  Tony did not know the meaning of ‘restraint’.  When he promised Phil could meet Captain America, Darcy had assumed he would be getting them tickets to one of the Captain’s public appearances.But no. He had tried to pay the Captain to pay a house call through a series of increasingly insulting messages left with his agent.  Followed by a level of throwing money around that was impressive even for Tony.And now Captain America hated Tony Stark and anything to do with the name Stark. Because he was an Entitled Capitalist Pig.  Or something along those lines.  There had been some angry tweets that she had not read.  (Darcy didn't like to believe that anything that happened on Twitter was socially relevant.)Still, with all his money throwing Tony had been able to get a ticket to one of the Captain’s more intimate personal appearances.  Just 50 people, a small meet and greet. Sure, the Captain had said that no amount of money would make it worth his time to meet ANY Stark (alright, maybe she had skimmed some of the tweets), but Darcy reasoned that neither of them were actually Starks.  Darcy Lewis was certainly not a Stark.  And while Howard Stark was Phil’s father, he had his mother’s last name.  So he was a Coulson, and no one had to know otherwise.Her kid was going to get to meet Captain America.  He wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Phil Coulson & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Kid Fic
Kid Phil Coulson
Darcyland
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Phil Coulson & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

