Work Text:

After, he and Steve are lying in bed.

Tony has his head tucked against Steve's shoulder; the other man is dragging his hand over Tony's chest. Slow, smooth. Steady.

"Did you like that?" Tony says, voice low. He yawns slightly, stretches his legs on the bed. Steve smiles.

"That," he says, taking a deep breath "that was -- it was good."

Tony chuckles, wrapping Steve's arms around his middle. "Told you I was worth keeping around."

"You didn't even need to say it."

Tony makes a contented noise, his eyes closing as he tips back his head. He rests between Steve's legs, warm. The sheets are cool against his bare legs.

"You were so good, Tony," Steve murmurs into his hair. "The best."

Tony shivers, arching into the touch. "Say that again."

"You," Steve says softly, dragging his hands over Tony's shoulder, kneading them with his steady palms "you were so good. Such a good, good boy."

"Best blow job you've ever had?"

"One of my top three, certainly."

Tony makes a noise of approval, relaxing further into Steve's touch. His hands are warm, a sturdy pressure point against the soft coolness of the sheet beneath them. He lets his legs fall loose, over Steve's, spread, but comfortable. Steve smoothes his hair back from his head.

"You are a good boy," he murmurs, pressing a kiss to Tony's brow "so, so perfect, Tony."

"Yeah," Tony mutters "yeah, I'm good."

Steve kisses a line down his neck. "Beautiful."

Tony allows himself to arch into the touch, letting his head fall to the side. "Beautiful," he swallows "I -- yeah. You know I'm not under, right? You don't have to say stuff like that."

"Don't have to?" Steve says, letting his teeth scrape over the soft skin of Tony's shoulder. "I want to."

Tony shivers. 

"Do that again."

"This?" Steve asks lightly, dragging his nails so, so softly over the back of Tony's neck. "Does that feel good?" He whispers in his ear.

"So good," Tony says, slightly breathless. Steve holds his shoulder and tips him forward, bent at the waist. Smoothly, he drags the soft buds of his fingers over the plane over Tony's back, over his shoulder blades, his spine, down, down, to the point where his back bends, the first supple hint of ass curving beneath his fingers.

Tony shudders, arching. "Fuck," he breathes "that's -- magic."

Steve hums in agreement. He flattens his palms against Tony's shoulders, rubbing over his back with broad, long strokes. "Why don't you get on your belly," he says quietly "and I'll pay you back for that little treat."

Tony swallows. "You sure?" He says, and his voice is already loose. "It's late."

"Even better," Steve says softly "tomorrow, you'll sleep as long as you want, okay? No working yourself too hard. Is there anything urgent that needs done?"

Wordlessly, Tony shakes his head.

"Good," Steve says, sending a content feeling of warmth down Tony's chest "then we can take as long as we like."

Tony makes a soft noise, crawling onto his stomach. Steve smoothes his skin, runs his palms over the soft skin of Tony's ass, his thighs, lower till he's moving over the calves and lightly touching his feet. "Relax," he murmurs "breathe deep. I'm going to get lube."

He returns with a soft-scented oil, carefully straddling Tony's ass and letting a large amount pool on his hands, rubbing them together, slick sounds filling the air. He smells the liquid; vanilla, with some thing low and spicy mixed in.

"You had a bad day today." Steve states, sliding his hands down Tony's spine. Tony groans, nestles his head into his forearms braced beneath his brow. 

"What gave it away?" He mutters, shifting as Steve smoothes his thumbs over his shoulders, right at the point where they join the back of his neck.

"You offered to suck me," Steve remarks, casually. "You would never offer if you didn't want -- you know. Stress relief."

Tony chuckles, and it tails into a long, sweet moan as Steve digs his fingers into the knots along his spine. "Yeah," he breathes "stress relief."

Steve smiles and Tony's back shimmers in the low light. "I talked to someone at the store today.  He said that he bets $5 you went to Caltech. And then I realised I didn't know. Which college did you go to?"

Tony groans. "You don't honestly think I went to Caltech, right? Right? Please tell me you didn't think that."

Steve shrugs, working at a particularly troublesome knot. "Honestly, it never occurred to me."

"Hold that thought," Tony winces. He arches his back out, digging his forearms into the bed, letting his head hang low. "Harder. Do that -- do it harder."

"I don't want it to hurt. Down -- hey -- " Steve pushes the back of his head into the mattress "stay. I want to make this feel good."

Tony moans gratuitously, kneading his hands in the sheet. "Please do it harder, Steve."

"That won't work." Steve says, voice rough. "Don't even try that."

Tony laughs, huffs a breath through his lips. "MIT." He says, eventually. "I went to MIT."

"That's what I thought." Steve says mildly, working h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Smut
Angst
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - BDSM
snuggles
Gratuitous Wish Fulfilment
Anal Fingering
Massage

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

