Chapter 1: Issue I
    




Chapter Text
"But I don't see why I need a -- " Tony began, and Pepper gave him The Look. Nobody talked over The Look. "You need an assistant because you are no longer running Stark Industries, but I am," she said, adjusting her seatbelt in the back of the car."Exactly, so what do I need -- ""Because you won't stop treating me like yours!""You're getting pretty bad about it, boss," Happy said from the front."You, be quiet," Tony ordered, then turned back to her. "Aw Pep, come on, I don't -- "Pepper held up her phone and pushed a button.
Pepper, hey Pep, I need you to pick up some dry-cleaning and a microsurgery kit. Can you be here in like, twenty?
"Got that one during a board meeting," she said."Yeah, but that was just once and it was really pretty urg -- "Pepper pushed a button. 
Okay, you know what we need, you and me? Chinese. Bring it down to the shop, I will totally pay you back.
"Tw -- "
Pepper, it's Tony. Do you know where I can get an oil change for a Ferrari at two in the morning? Oh, PS, I'm in Germany. Outside Berlin. I think. Call me back!
Tony gave her a defeated look. "Everything's set up," she said, tucking her phone into her pocket. "MIT sent its best and brightest to the interview suite. All you have to do is show up and point." She patted his cheek. "You never know. Maybe you'll even end up with a sidekick.""I'm not building some scrawny, pasty dorkface from MIT a suit," Tony said."You graduated from MIT.""Well, I'm an exception.""So find yourself another one," she said, as the car pulled to a stop in front of the hotel. "Out you go. Try not to hire anyone based on their measurements."   It was like some kind of New England convention in the hotel.If Mike Ross had turned left while running from the cops with a briefcase full of pot, he might have ended up in the Harvard interviews for Pearson Hardman's new personal associate to Harvey Specter.But instead he turned right, and ended up at MIT's interviews for Tony Stark's new gofer. When he burst into the room he found fifteen people  -- mostly men, but a few women -- clustered together around a whiteboard on which an older man was sketching out mathematical equations. "Now this is an easy -- you!" the man said, pointing at him without looking at him. "Late. Scram. Wait, no, don't scram, why are you late?"Mike blinked at him."Do you talk?" the man asked. "Are you supposed to be here?""Probably not. I'm just trying to shake the cops," Mike said. About half the group laughed nervously. The man at the whiteboard looked startled for a minute, and then laughed as well. "Hey, as excuses go, that's one you may need to use if you work for me," he said, turning back to the whiteboard. "Try and catch up. Hands up if you can solve -- ""Twelve to the second power over E," Mike blurted. The man turned around again slowly. He cocked his head, tapped the pen against his lips, and then tossed it down."You. Out. All of you. Go show your work in the other room. You, stay," he added, pointing to Mike. The others filed out, peering at Mike as they passed. Eventually it was just him and the crazy-haired man at the whiteboard. "I'm -- ""Tony Stark," Mike said, taking the offered hand. "Former CEO of Stark Industries. You operate the Iron Man prosthesis."Stark's lips quirked. "You watched the congressional hearings.""Survivor was a rerun.""You know my name, but I don't know yours.""Mike R -- " Mike got that far before the briefcase, to his horror, opened. Pot spilled out. Stark looked down at it, faintly amused. "I haven't seen that much weed since college."  Pepper got a text in the middle of lunch with investors.
Non-MIT college dropout drug dealer Tony Stark's new assistant = how scandalous?
She sighed and texted back. I thought I said no hiring based on measurements.
His IQ = at min 175. Good enough measurement for you?

We'll discuss this later.

2 late. Hired him. Run bg check "Michael Ethan Ross" DOB 2.15.85, please ensure not a supervillain.
Sometimes Pepper thought she wasn't paid enough for this. (Then she remembered she was CEO, and could give herself a raise.)  "So that's done," Stark said, putting his phone away. He sat back in the couch with a glass of scotch and studied Mike. "Here's what we're going to do. You're going to quit smoking pot, it makes you stupid, dump that boat anchor who almost got you arrested, and buy yourself some clothes that don't look like you're on Baby's First Job Interview.""Trevor -- ""Is a punk, I know because I was one, drop him.""He's my best friend!""Get new ones," Stark said ruthlessly. "Report to Stark Tower at nine on Monday and HR will molest you for a few hours. Your job is to hand me tools when I want them, get me to at least half of my appointments on time, not make any unnecessary noise, and not bother me if I'm working. Where do you live?"Mike gaped at him. "Williamsbur -- ""No you don't. You live in Stark Towers now.""Excuse me?""I'm a public figure. I get a lot of flak for being my
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Mike Ross/Tony Stark
Harvey Specter/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Mike Ross/Harvey Specter/Tony Stark
Donna (Suits)/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crossover
Alternate Universe
Superheroes
Yo Mama Jokes
Sidekicks
Spiderman does a cameo
all the redheads

fandom: 
Mike Ross/Tony Stark
Harvey Specter/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Mike Ross/Harvey Specter/Tony Stark
Donna (Suits)/Steve Rogers

