Work Text:
Steve opens his eyes.Bucky is crouched above him, wide, wild looking eyes fixed on Steve.His mouth is covered with blood.Steve tries to lift his head from the cold floor where he finds himself, but he can’t.He aches all over, can’t move at all.He tries to smile up at Bucky, but even that proves too difficult.Bucky makes a choked, wrenching sound in response, his hands spasming out like he’s going to touch Steve, but he stops himself with a fraction of an inch left between them.Steve tries again to smile, but he passes out instead.***The next time Steve wakes up, it’s day. Bright light fills the room they’re in, one Steve doesn’t recognize.Bucky is still with him, hunched on his knees in the furthest corner of the room, watching Steve. Steve can feel Bucky’s eyes on him like a solid, reassuring weight, and this time, he’s able to smile and lift his head.Bucky rushes him, and almost before Steve can process it, Bucky’s lifting Steve off the floor and onto his lap.Steve’s naked, he realizes in a dim, hazy way, unconcerned. He clutches onto Bucky, left hand attaching itself to Bucky’s neck and right arm wrapping around Bucky’s waist. Bucky’s arms come to encircle him automatically, and Steve presses his nose into Bucky’s throat.He smells amazing. Like home and heat buried under surface notes of wood smoke and brown sugar.Steve’s mouth starts to water, and he whines, unbidden and desperate.Bucky soothes him with low, encouraging noises that thrum from the back of his throat, vibrating against Steve as he noses in deeper, drowning in Bucky’s heady scent. Bucky’s hands run up and down Steve’s bare back, and he lifts his chin, making it easier for Steve to tuck in against him and breathe Bucky in greedily.“You can use your teeth, Stevie, it’s okay,” Bucky is saying, his voice a soft murmur in Steve’s ear.He doesn’t understand - what Bucky’s offering him makes no sense - but Steve wants it.He wants it more than he’s ever wanted anything.Steve lets his instincts guide him, new and powerful ones he’s too overcome by to control. He has Bucky’s permission, and that’s all that seems to matter - that, and the need that has gripped Steve tighter than anything he’s experience before.Without hesitation or shame, Steve sinks teeth into Bucky’s pale, inviting flesh, and deep inside him, something starts to howl.***Steve wakes up a third time, and it’s night again.He’s not on the floor anymore. Instead, he’s lying down on a bed that seems far too small. His eyes are open but it’s dark in the room, and he can’t make out much of anything. He can’t see Bucky, but he can feel him.He can smell him, too. It’s even better than it was before, stronger and more intoxicating. With every breath, Bucky’s scent is filling Steve up, making him feel grounded and peaceful and pleased. Bucky’s here and he smells like cinnamon and like Steve, new layers of apple and citrus combining with Bucky’s own already dizzying aroma.Steve whines, high and wanting from the back of his throat, and then sits up with a start, surprised by the sound that just came out of him.When he’s upright, Steve registers more surprises. He solves the mystery of why the bed he’s in feels so small, for one. It’s not the bed’s fault - it’s Steve’s. He looks down at himself, eyes adjusting to the dark until he barely notices it anymore, but doesn’t recognize what he sees.Gone are the frail, sickly limbs, the slightly caved in looking chest, the thin, delicate fingers of his once-small his hands. He’s big - suddenly and completely. Everywhere.Steve stares and stares, trying to make sense of it, but he can’t. He wonders why he didn’t notice before, and quickly realizes it just didn’t matter at the time. Other things took precedence.Still do.Bucky’s near, but he could be closer. Steve wants him closer. Needs him to be.He gets out of bed, and almost falls over. He doesn’t know how to move anymore, can’t deal with the extra weight and the half dozen inches he seems to have gained.Steve stumbles in the dark, and Bucky is there to catch him.Steve feels better instantly, moaning in gratitude the second Bucky’s hands are on him, and together they make it back to the bed without falling. Bucky helps Steve get settled before crawling in beside him, and they lie on their sides facing each other, almost no space between them.Steve puts his hand on Bucky’s waist, fingers playing idly with the elastic of his boxers. They’re the only clothes Bucky’s wearing, but it still feels like too much.He leans over, mouth against Bucky’s exposed shoulder, and Bucky responds to Steve’s unhappy nip with a breathy little laugh, sincere but frayed around the edges. Steve snuggles closer, hoping it’ll make Bucky feel better. It’s very important for Bucky to feel happy and safe. Steve needs to be able to give Bucky those things like Bucky does for him.Steve moves even closer, not sure why, but convinced it’s what needs to happen. He buries his face into Bucky’s neck and his mouth finds the bite he p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Small Town
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Bonding
Hurt/Comfort
Past Rape/Non-con
Dubious Consent
Alternate Universe - Teenagers
Mpreg

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

