Work Text:


--

His father warned him never to go to Jotunheim."Giants live there," his father told him. "Terrible giants of ice and magic. To go there would mean your death."Thor, who was a man now but still young in mind, still a boy in so many ways, took that as a challenge. Thor had heard the stories many times growing up, stories of a Great War, and Jotunheim threatening the peace of the nine realms, but Odin silenced them with his armies. It didn't make sense to him now, a thousand later, to still fear them."We are gods," he said. "We go where we please, father.""Not there," Odin said. His tone was final, regal. The tone of a king. "I forbid it."And Thor bowed to him, placed a kiss upon his father's knuckles, but Odin's words rolled off his back like water. Thor was stubborn in the way most princes were, thickheaded at times, though smart and honorable, destined to take over the throne. Born to be a king. He was still sheltered in many ways, despite having fought wars at Odin's side, he was always carefully shielded in battle, Mjölnir singing at his side. They had travelled everywhere together, across all the nine realms.Everywhere but Jotunheim."My father fears something there."Sif looked up at Thor from across the table, her sword laid out between them. Thor had a look in his eyes that Sif knew all too well."You would defy your father," she said. "Thor you are a fool."She picked up her sword and ran a cloth over it, cleaning the blade carefully."And then you are a fool, too," Thor said. "I can see it in your eyes that you wish to come with me.""I don't wish for death, which is all that you will find in Jotunheim.""Nonsense." Thor picked up Mjölnir, swinging her idly in his hand, trying to draw Sif's attention. "I have Mjölnir, the most powerful weapon in all the realms. I do not fear these giants my father speaks of."Sif brought up her sword and placed it on Thor's hammer, stifling his movements."What will you do, then?" she asked."I will bring my father back the head of one of these so called giants. Then he will see there is nothing to fear.""And if you die?"Thor laughed."I have no plans to do that," he said.



--                     
He rode off the next morning before dawn, before any in Asgard had awoken. Heimdall stood before him at the gate, eyes placid.He already knew of Thor's plan."You would disobey your father and travel to Jotunheim, young prince?""Will you tell him?"Heimdall did not move."I am sworn to tell the king of anyone leaving the kingdom, especially his only son.""This will not threaten the safety of Asgard," Thor said. "I am to be your king one day, Heimdall.""As I am well aware," Heimdall replied. "Nevertheless, I cannot knowingly allow-""Then you did not know."Thor's horse whined underneath him, restless. Thor was restless as well, hands tight on the reigns. He wasn't going to let this stop him. He wanted to get to Jotunheim, to explore it and bring back a prize his father was sure to be proud of."Let me through, great Heimdall," Thor said. "And I will return with the head of a giant."Heimdall bowed his head."You are still young, Thor. You do not know-""That is an order," Thor said.
He was still a prince, after all.

--
Jotunheim was freezing. Thor had expected as much, but despite the furs he had on, the cold still managed to seep through and sting at his bones. He was in a wasteland, literally, blinding winds and snow made it nearly impossible to see, but then there was nothing for him to see at all. The mountains seemed to be made of ice, and after almost an hour of travel Thor had not seen even one of these terrible giants his father spoke of.He felt stupid, and also annoyed at having wasted his time. He expected a battle almost immediately upon entering the world, a vicious group of giants for him to kill. There was nothing.Thor wondered how anything could have survived out here in the first place. He had seen no trees, no vegetation of any kind. Jotunheim felt almost clean in its waste, nothing had died because nothing could grow. There was just white. Thor steered his horse off the curve of a mountain, down into a valley where the snow wasn't as thick.The wind felt different, then, colder, and something green caught Thor's eye. It was like a mist, and then suddenly it was gone, and in its place Thor saw a man. For a moment he thought it was a hallucination, but his horse shifted and snorted, and Thor knew that the man was real. He was certainly not what he was expecting."You are no giant," Thor said."Clearly," the man said.His skin was that of a Frost Giant, though, Thor knew that much. A cold blue with markings that seemed like scars on his skin. Thor touched the handle of Mjölnir, ready to use her if needed."What are you doing here, Aesir," the man said. "So far from home?""I came to slay a giant." Thor looked the man up and down. He was certainly no giant - thin and wiry looking, perhaps shorter than Thor was. "But I see none around."The man laughed softly, and his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fairy Tale

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

