Work Text:







"So unwilling is the imagination to dwell on genuine—as opposed to fictional or theatrical—horrors that indeed, we shall never know half of the history of these times."—Paul Fussell, Wartime
~ ~ ~
The first time they had sex they were in Italy, and shells were falling and they thought they were going to die. He dragged Bucky down between the roots of a huge tree and pulled the shield up over them, not that he thought it would save them, because they were at the very limits of human sensory experience—ears ringing from the shells, fire coming down in flakes all around, and bits of burning metal, and the ground trembling beneath them, and Bucky on top of him, sooty and strong and terrified, kissing him. His hand found the fly of Bucky's pants, unzipped it, and slid inside, and kissing never seemed to make anybody hard in the movies, but God, he was hard, and Bucky was too, pushing into his hand, and there was a spot just above Bucky's left eyebrow where he liked being kissed; he made whimpering sounds when you kissed him there. And sometimes when things are hot like that, they fuse.
 
I. The WarWhen Steve woke up, he was alone in the tent and Bucky's bedroll was empty and it was after 0300 hours and why hadn't anybody woken him for the watch? He groaned as he got to his feet, adjusted his helmet then pushed through the flap of the tent. Several of the Howling Commandos were awake, their glowing cigarette ends bobbing in the dark—all of them, actually. Except for Falsworth. And Bucky."Where's..." Steve began, and then stopped at the flash of looks that passed among them.It was Dum Dum who detached himself from the group. "Sir," he began, and Dum Dum never called called anybody sir, if he could help it; his respect for chain of command was two steps below Bucky's, which was really saying something. "We've got to take the guardhouse by 0900 hours or else the 30th Infantry'll be pinned on the wrong side of the—""Yeah," Steve interrupted; he knew; he'd told them that; Gabe had picked up the code yesterday; they had to take the Ponte Dolomiti before the troops got there. "And we'll do that. We've got a plan for doing that."Dum Dum went on, "And there's a Nazi comm station between us and the—""I know," Steve said. "That's part of the—""That part of it has to be done by stealth, sir," Dum Dum said implacably. "If we're to have any chance of surprising them at the guardhouse," and before Steve could interrupt again: "Someone has got to go and slaughter them all in their beds." Steve shut up. "And that oughtn't to be you," Dum Dum said, and then added, unnervingly: "Sir. Bad publicity if nothing else. We're all of us agreed on this."Dum Dum stood there, and for a moment Steve couldn't say anything. They were all waiting for his response: Morita, Gabe. Dernier. "So, Falsworth...?" he prompted. He couldn't say Bucky's name."Falsworth, yeah," Dum Dum agreed, momentarily removing his hat and scratching his head before settling his bowler back again. "Falsworth and Barnes went around midnight, left their rifles but took guns and knives, cut the insignias off their uniforms: everything SOP." Dum Dum squinted down at his watch. "Should be back any time now," he said, and then, stretching almost theatrically: "If you're up, Cap, and you want to take over the watch," and the worst of what Dum Dum had to say was over: he'd been downgraded to plain ol' Cap now, "I don't mind. I'll catch some shut-eye before we set out," and Steve understood that for the kindness it was: Don't worry. I'm not worried. I'm going for a nap to show you exactly how not worried I am."Yeah," Steve said. "Good idea," but in fact it wasn't long before there was a faint rustling in the brush, and Bucky and Falsworth were there, looking exhausted but giving a firm thumbs up, and then there was backslapping and Falsworth was snagging Morita's cigarette and taking a long, deep drag, and Bucky was standing there, looking at him. Like Falsworth, he'd dirtied his face to stop light reflecting off it, and—Steve smelled the blood before his eyes registered the black sheen on Bucky's blue jacket."Sorry," Bucky said, jerking backwards and starting to unbuckle his belt. "I reek, I know," and he turned toward the path to the river. "I'm up, Cap," Gabe said, shrugging and smiling faintly at him. "Can't sleep anyway," and so Steve turned and followed Bucky through the trees. Bucky'd stripped off his jacket and was on his knees at the riverbank, scrubbing at his face and hands. Then he looked at his jacket, spread out on the ground with its arms flung out like a downed soldier, and then up at Steve."If you want company, I'm here," Steve said awkwardly. "If you want to be alone, I can—" He jerked a thumb back at camp."No, I'm all right. I'm fine. It went well, actually it—"and then Bucky was throwing up violently into the water, and Steve was beside him and gripping his arm, his other hand moving reassuringly between his shoulder blades. "I'm all right," B
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
War is hell
Please Heed Archive Content Warnings
Soldier Boys
Love under fire
To the end of the line
Threesomes
winterwidow - Freeform
Dancing
Realpolitik
We're All In It Up To The Neck Darling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

