Work Text:
Usually, Tony woke up to the soothing tones of JARVIS detailing the weather and a few highlights from the day's news. He found it calming and it reminded him that he was at home, even if home had recently come to mean his tower in New York. He and the team had officially moved in less than six months before, even though that really only meant that he, Bruce, and Clint were ever there. Still, he hadn't even had to remind JARVIS to wake him up the same way he always did, which made waking up to silence all the more unsettling. He stiffened instantly under his sheets when he registered a weight sitting on the edge of his bed."Shhh…It's alright, Anthony. You have nothing to fear…"He relaxed instantly as a familiar hand began carding fingers through his hair. He shuffled across the bed to curl around Loki's seated frame, plopping his head down in the god's lap."What are you doing here this early in the morning?"The god chuckled."Why, I did not realize you were so particular about keeping regular office hours, Mr. Stark."Tony huffed."Just give me a few more minutes to reboot. This is the first time I've been to bed more than a couple hours at a time in the last two weeks.""I am aware, dear heart. That is why I came now. I wanted you well rested for what I have planned…There is someone I think you should meet."Tony's eyes snapped open as he rocketed into a sitting position, suddenly feeling much more awake than he had moments before. He twisted in the bed to look Loki in the face. Without having to be asked, Loki raised one hand, the one that had been carding through Tony's hair, to gesture a figure forward from the dark corner of Tony's new bedroom. Tony would have known who it was even without the gleam of the city lights against his metal arm."Holy shit…"Tony suddenly felt extremely exposed in nothing by sleep pants and in the face of what was possibly the world's deadliest assassin. True, Loki wouldn't let anything happen to him, but that did beg the question of what the fuck was James Buchanan Barnes doing in his tower? Loki seemed unbothered by his reaction, though Barnes paused and shot a questioning look in the god's direction."I reached out to him after our conversation about the dear Captain's plight a few weeks ago. Unlike your Captain, tracking him down was a simple matter for one of my skills. I thought perhaps my experience with…ailments of the mind could be of some use to him.""So," Tony's eyes darted back and forth between them, "he's no longer being controlled? The Winter Soldier is gone?"The soldier was closer to the bed now, and Tony rose up on his knees so as not to be so unbalanced in the height department. Barnes was sweeping his gaze over Tony's form and the inventor couldn't resist the slight shiver than ran down his spine. Steve had seriously failed to mention his old army buddy looked so good in leather. It didn't help that Loki stood from the bed and practically prowled around the other man, trailing a hand lightly across leather-clad shoulders."No…Not gone. The programming HYDRA used was like nothing I had seen before. It was well integrated, impossible to remove. I was forced to work with it, instead of against it. I merged the programming with his mind, gave him control over it…or tried to, at least. It will take time for him to manage full control. His memories have been returned, though."Tony nodded a bit, mind trying to catch up with what he was being told. The mind, the body, squishy sciences had never really been his specialty. He sat back down on the bed, hand running over his face as he exhaled heavily."And then you decided to bring him here?"Loki chuckled, stepping away from the soldier to reclaim a seat on the edge of the bed. He gestured for Barnes to do the same."It only took me a few days to set his mind to rights. After that we shared a number of very enlightening conversations. One in particular caught my interest. I had no idea that homosexuality was so frowned upon by your species until recent years.""Oh, um, yeah. Still technically is pretty frowned upon, but it's a bit more acceptable now." His brow furrowed. "Are you trying to tell me Barnes is gay?""I don't know." Tony nearly jumped out of his skin as the soldier spoke. For some reason, he just hadn't even considered Barnes speaking as a thing. "I preferred men before…but I was not in a position to…experiment.""He has no experience with men. I thought it would perhaps be beneficial to provide him with such an experience, if he is to adjust to this time period.""You slept with him?"Tony didn't want to sound as hurt as he did. He and Loki hadn't really talked about being exclusive, but Tony certainly hadn't been sleeping with anyone else. Besides, he'd kind of thought the way Loki always marked him during sex and kept growling things like, 'Mine,' while his cock was buried in Tony's ass had been a sign of commitment. Guess he was just as bad at relationships as everyone seemed to think."No, I didn't. I have
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome
Threesome - M/M/M
Bribery
Smut
Shameless Smut
Blow Jobs
Fisting
Anal Fisting
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Tony Stark Has Issues
Double Penetration
Established Relationship
Pre-Relationship
Slash
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
The Author Regrets Nothing
Sharing
Sharing a Body
The Body is Tony

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

