Chapter 1: The Corpse of Bucky Barnes
    




Chapter Text
After SHIELD falls, Bruce manages to go a month and a half without trouble.  He ends up in the Alps on a whim, with no real thoughts on a destination apart from Shit Shit Shit Run.  Maybe it was watching The Sound of Music with Clint last Christmas (I lift up mine eyes into the hills) but for whatever reason, when he needs to split, he ends up in Switzerland, von Trapp style.  Nevermind that the von Trapps didn’t climb any mountains en masse, as far as Bruce knows, and they most definitely took a train to Italy when they left Austria.  His escape isn’t defined by its historical accuracy.  And since he will never fess up to Tony that he’s been walking the mountainside humming Edelweiss for the last five weeks, it doesn’t matter. Bruce misses Tony.  It’s a strange, unfamiliar feeling, to be drawn to something or someone.  It seeps around the ever present anger in his mind, and numbs it.  It drowns out the images of a helicarrier aiming a gun at him while he’s sitting quietly in an NYU library.   He sleeps easier.  He smiles more often,  even if it’s only to himself.  Tony keeps him entertained, from 4,000 miles away, mostly with jokes, threats of dick pics, and occasional news of SHIELD and Steve and Natasha.  Tony isn’t as accurate as say... CNN, but he’s a hell of a lot more interesting.  Their text relationship largely involves emojii abuse, coded sentences that take a full day to break, and an unsurprising amount of Pig Latin.  Bruce would not have it any other way.He’s sitting on the floor of an old barn, waiting for a text back from Tony, when he first sees the flash.  A man is approaching from a distance, with a bare, metal arm angled to reflect the sunlight directly into Bruce’s eyes.  It feels deliberate.  Without question he knows who has found him.  It’s the Winter Soldier.  It helps his control immeasurably that Bruce has already gotten enough of the story from Tony that he knows the Winter Soldier isn’t necessarily a threat.  That he might not be on team Hydra anymore.  Everything is okay for now.  They’re far enough from civilization that this might not even get ugly. “I don’t want to hurt you,” Bruce calls out in warning, as the man approaches.  “Please don’t make me do something we’ll both regret.”  The soldier walks on, as if Bruce hadn’t spoken at all.  His hands are free of weapons, and he keeps them where Bruce can see them.  That helps keep the Other Guy from shoving his way to the surface.When the soldier steps fully into the barn he isn’t what Bruce was expecting.  He’s limping ever so slightly.  He looks miserably tired.  And when he speaks his voice is scratchy and unexpectedly hesitant.  Like English doesn’t come as easily as it should.“You know Steve Rogers,” the soldier says, and it’s almost a question.  There’s room for denial, if Bruce has any reason to deny it. He doesn’t.“I do know him,” Bruce confirms.  His own voice is the sound of calm.  He is steady.  Everyone gets to live (for now).  “So do you, I think.”“No, I don’t,” the soldier says wearily.  “I don’t fuckin’ know him.  Bucky Barnes knew him and I’m not Bucky Barnes.”Bruce puts down his phone and telegraphs his movements as he sits it on the ground.  They both need to prove that violence isn’t imminent.“I guess maybe we should introduce ourselves then,” Bruce says, for lack of better conversation.  “I’m Bruce Banner.  And you are?”The soldier’s eyes bore into Bruce.  Bruce takes a deep, stilling breath, and lets it out on a four count.  The Other Guy is definitely not a fan of the soldier’s sharp gaze.“A weapon,” the soldier replies finally.  “An asset.”“I more meant your name,” Bruce points out.  “Do you have a name?”For nearly a minute the soldier says nothing.  Bruce takes that time to catalogue the soldier’s injuries.  When the man lets another minute pass without an answer Bruce speaks again.“I’ve got some food,” Bruce offers.He knows malnutrition when he sees it.  He sees other things too-- tattered clothing, favoring of the left leg, dark shadows under the eyes, shallow breathing, rib retractions-- those aren’t as easily solved as hunger.“Won’t stay down,” the soldier replies.  He sounds weary in a way Bruce understands.  Life on the run is a bitch.  Doubly so, if you’re sick or injured.Bruce really isn’t sure where else this will go and the staring contest going on between them only seems to agitate things.   Bruce reaches slowly for his backpack and pulls a StarkBar out of a side pouch.  StarkBars aren’t technically a thing yet, so much as a side project that Bruce had been working on before he left.  On the run they’d been a life saver.  When Bruce gets back, he and Tony are going to revolutionize food aid.For now, it’s the best he has to offer.“This might be different,” Bruce says.  “Here, I’ll break it in half and we’ll split it.”The soldier considers it and then steps closer when Bruce reaches out half the bar to him.  Bruce is reminded sadly of a s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Science Bros
Slow Build
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bruce Is a Good Bro
Clint Is a Good Bro
Basically All the Good Bros
Hurt/Comfort
Except The Hurt is Past Hurt
Because No One is Going to Hurt Bucky Again Or Hulk Smash
Bucky Barnes Defense Squad
Complete
Happy Ending
Domestic Avengers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

