Chapter 1: Caught In A Trance
    




Chapter Text
                                                                                                     Mundane. That would be the polite way to describe how James feels about his life. He knows he shouldn't complain. They aren't rich by any means, but they were comfortable. Living in the same brick two-story house, he has entire life. The picturesque suburb with the white picket fences and cookie-cutter homes. Where everyone knows everyone else's business, being the only gay son amongst their neighborhood means gossip. Which in times like this means a lot. He's not naive or unaware of what that means in a world. Where some people his age and sexuality are fighting for their lives or their next meal.He's not some fifteen-year-old delinquent playing with matches in the woods or sneaking drinks from the liquor cabinet. Bucky's eighteen now, a senior. He has responsibilities. Next year he'll be heading off to college, onto more important, more exciting things.Currently, he's wondering what color his dorm at NYU next fall will be or if he'll get along with his imaginary roommate.When his mother shuffles him and his little sister, Rebecca, into a pew on the left side of the church. When the minister starts talking, he zones out. It's not that he's not religious, he believes in a god somewhere, but that's the extent of his care for the topic. He comes every week for his mother because she doesn't ask him for much, plus he just wants to be a good son.His mind is on what's for dinner tonight. Watching as the short greying man at the front of the church goes on about a new family that's come to their "'little slice of heaven." About the new deacon that will be joining the church. Bucky could not care any less. Finally, after so many daydreams and words he can't recall, people start to make a commotion in the room and begin taking their leave towards the parking lot. Excited to go home and be alone for some much-needed self-care, he looks up, and his breath catches.The most exquisite pair of cornflower blue eyes are locked on him. He feels like his legs have turned into concrete and that he is treading in quicksand. When his surroundings start to bleed in, it's only then that he realizes who the beauty that holds those eyes is standing next to. An older blonde man towers over the boy and the slight woman he's standing with. Standing there shaking hands with the deacon. The new deacon. Oh. Oh no. This is bad.His boring life in suburbia is about to get a lot more interesting.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
First Meetings
Eventual Romance
Eventual Smut
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Creepy Brock Rumlow
First Kiss
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Not really slow burn
Oral Sex
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Animated GIFs
Embedded Images
Past Bucky Barnes/Brock Rumlow
Getting Together
Light Angst
Hand Jobs
Fist Fights
Fluff
Alternate Universe - High School
Frottage
Hurt/Comfort
Porn With Plot
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Feelings
First Time
Loss of Virginity
Phone Sex
Mutual Masturbation
Inappropriate Erections
Non-Consensual Touching
Riding
Recovery
Angst
Come Swallowing
Married Life
Switching
Brock Rumlow is an asshole
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Coming Untouched
Sex Toys
Intercrural Sex
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Barebacking
Angst with a Happy Ending
Joseph Rogers hate club
long fic
Complete

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

