Work Text:
 Tony has noticed a trend, lately.He can’t really talk about it with Steve or with the other Avengers because… well, because Steve would smile at him and tell him he’s being paranoid, and because the others would just make fun of him. And it’s not like he can afford that, especially not after the whole fishing incident with Namor.A month has gone by and everyone still goes on about how he resorted to cheating in a stupid fishing contest against Luke Cage. It wouldn’t be that bad, really, if not for Peter’s frequent snide comments and the memory of Steve’s frowning and vaguely disappointed face.As if he can talk. The man is freaking Captain America, he could probably talk the fish into jumping out of the water straight into his arms, glad to die for the cause of Cap’s patriotic deep fry. Really.It’s not that Tony’s particularly angry about it, it’s just that things have been going wrong for him in the last few weeks. Which brings him back to this trend he’s noticed…Tony’s recent bad luck and general uselessness seems to have spilled over into Iron Man’s life as well. It’s nothing really definite, it’s just a feeling he has, and that’s why he’s mostly against talking about it with Steve.**All those stories about Steve having no real superpowers must be wrong, because he seems to have an uncanny ability to show up when he’s needed. He smiles at Tony, entering the kitchen. He’s wearing his jogging suit and has a towel around his shoulders. His hair is sticking up in every which way.“Hey,” Steve greets him, ruffling Tony’s hair and then bending down to look at the files he has open on the table in front of him. With Steve this close Tony can smell the sweat on his skin, and the arm that settles on his left shoulder is big and very warm. “Work?” Steve asks.Having Steve so close around him does strange things to Tony, like his mind going completely blank, and for a moment, he honestly can’t think of an answer. “Uh, budget,” he says, vaguely. There are numbers written on the pages, so that’s probably the safest bet. “You went jogging?” Tony asks. His intelligence taking sudden abysmal plunges is another effect of Steve’s closeness.Steve draws back. “Yeah,” he says, an amused smile widening on his lips. “You’re particularly observant this morning, I have to say.”Tony rubs his eyes with a sigh. “Shut up,” he mutters. “I’ve been up all night, and I’ve only had four cups of coffee.”“You work too much. You should give yourself some time off,” Steve says, sitting in front of him and laying out his breakfast as Tony stares at him dubiously. He can’t quite fathom where he puts all the stuff he manages to eat in one day.Tony’s seen the Hulk eat, and Steve is nowhere near his standards of course, but he can hold his own. Well, there is the fact that when Steve isn’t clobbering villains, he spends most of his time either drawing or in the gym, so Tony guesses that he needs lots of food to replenish his energy.Why he insists on bench-pressing four times his own weight every day for hours on end, though, escapes Tony’s comprehension. It’s not like he’s going to lose all of his strength or his muscle mass if he skips over a lifting session to go grab something to eat with Tony.It’s actually quite impressive to watch Steve as he goes through his exercises. Especially weight lifting… Tony could spend hours watching his arms flex and relax. He has in fact. The camera in the gym is not just for security reasons.Steve’s arms are really a work of art. Michelangelo would have wept at such a sight. Steve’s chest is nice too. Very, very nice in fact. And his shoulders, wide and solid. His hands, too.It takes Tony a while to realize he’s staring, and that Steve’s been talking for quite some time. To him, probably. Fortunately, Steve’s attention is devoted to spreading just the right quantity of peanut butter on his toast. It’s actually quite fascinating. They come out looking all the same, as if Steve was some kind of industrial buttering machine.He blinks. Okay, he’s been up almost forty-eight hours now. He needs sleep.“What?” he asks, when he realizes that Steve has asked him a question.“I said,” Steve repeats, raising his eyes from his homologated toast, “I was wondering if you’re still on for that thing at four?”Tony frowns, trying to recall what this ‘thing’ might be exactly. Oh, right. Steve founded a new dog shelter administrated by the kids of an orphanage in Brooklyn – really, orphans and puppies? Sometimes Tony has to wonder if Cap is real at all – and he’s been invited to the opening.“Uh,” he says. “Sure.”Because you don’t say no to Captain America, orphans and puppies, even if you haven’t slept in two days.Steve gives him a bright grin, and Tony forgets all about being tired. “Great!”“You want me as Iron Man or Tony Stark?” he asks.“I’m going as Captain America, so…” he shrugs.“Then Shellhead will gladly accompany you,” Tony replies, then he jokingly adds, “I’ll try not to fall asleep this time.”**Of course, he falls
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers - Freeform
Marvel Adventures

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

