Work Text:
The very first thing Tony wanted to do was take a three hour long shower. No wait, the first thing he wanted was a whole pot of coffee. Shit, the first thing he wanted was out of this armour.
He'd never really been a fan of running into combat against Loki, the guy was pretty creative, and creative villains were so freaking annoying because they kept coming up with more and more ridiculous things. This time, it had been some kind of octopus made out of a neon, radioactive green slime, and while his flippant remarks that he'd seen enough hentai to know where this was going were – thank god – not actually right, every crevasse of his armour 
was
 filled with a sticky slick slime that stunk to high heaven. He wanted to get out of the armour, soak in the shower, then down a pot of coffee. There. Order set this time.

Besides, the Loki threat was dealt with. Tony had just deposited him in one of the SHIELD holding cells that apparently 
had
 to have been built in the Avengers mansion.
He was dealt with.“Tony Stark,” Loki called, in that slick, smooth liar's voice of his.“Not listening,” he sang.“Come... is that how you talk to the bearer of your child?”“Sure is,” he said, then stopped dead, the armour thrumming around him for a long moment as he reconsidered what exactly it was that Loki had just said. The mask of his suit suddenly snapped back, folding away, and Tony turned around, arms crossed over his chest, a single eyebrow arched. “Excuse me, what?”Loki grinned.

---


Bruce Banner was scowling as he fiddled with some of his equipment, but he had not, so far, gotten pissed off enough to actually have a problem with this, so everyone pretty much ignored the temporary moodiness. After all, despite all his protests that he was trying to perform 
science
 here, dammit, he was the closest thing to a doctor that they had, so he was the one that they went to.

Loki was sitting in what looked like a dentist's chair – though they could imagine that it probably had 
other
 uses – with cuffs on his wrists and his fingers folded, perfectly comfortable, on his stomach. He would grin at anyone that looked at him, a lazy, confident smile. He knew why they were all there, and he seemed, well, delighted by the very idea. Damn smug godlings.
His brother, Thor, was the one on official 'make sure Loki doesn't escape' duty, so he was standing just behind the chair, arms crossed. Not that Loki seemed to be trying to escape.He sort of looked like he was having way too much fun.
Steve looked about as confused as Tony felt, arms crossed. “I don't get it. Loki is a 
man
, isn't he?”
“Yeah.” Tony grunted, hands on his hips. He'd shed the armour somewhere along the line, but was still oozed. There was a towel slung around his neck, and when he'd remember, he'd swipe at his hair or something, to clean it up, but he mostly just didn't want to let Loki out of his sights. He knew the Trickster was probably just fucking with him, but he had to know. “But according to the Norse mythology, Loki sort of has a habit of getting knocked up. Apparently it's a god thing.”“It is a Loki thing.” Thor corrected.“Oh, come now, brother.” Loki leaned back in his chair, grinning up at Thor. “Many Asgardian men have borne children. It is not as though I am alone in this.”“Except,” Tony spoke up, drawing the gods' eyes back to him. “Most of them don't get knocked up by horses.”
Across the room, Pepper made a sort of gagging sound, and quickly set aside her mug of coffee. “
Excuse me
?”
“Sleipnir, our Odin-father's steed, is the offspring of my brother,” Thor confirmed, nodding.Loki shrugged, and said, casually, as though it was perfectly normal, “It is true.”
There as silence in Bruce's lab for a long moment, then Pepper said, “I take back what I said before. It's not 
probably
 your baby, Tony, it's 
definitely
 your baby.”
Loki laughed at that statement.“...not helping, Pepper.” Tony grumbled. “Besides, Loki is the king of liars. We don't know that he's actually, you know, pregnant.”Bruce cleared his throat. “Ah. Yes. We do.”They all turned to look back at him, and he sort of waved, helplessly. “I finished the blood work. He's pregnant. As much as I would normally say that makes... absolutely no sense. Scientifically, that is.”“Oh god.” Tony groaned.Steven helpfully pulled a chair forward so that the billionaire could sink into it. He wasn't sure his knees would have continued to hold him up much longer.“...wow.” Pepper said, at last. “Um. Congrats?”He groaned, and leaned forward, head hanging between his knees.Steve awkwardly pat his shoulder.“One would think you'd be happy,” Loki drawled, obvious amusement in his voice. “The creation of a new life...”
Tony bolted up. “Wait. I 
can't
 be the father. I never had 
sex
 with you.”
“He's magic, Tony.” Pepper huffed.“Did you not?” Loki mused, tapping his chin with his fingertip as though seriously considering that thought. “And yet, I am so very sure I remember receiving a personalized, engraved inv
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Mpreg
Crossover
Crossover Pairings
Shapeshifting

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Johnny Storm

