Work Text:
“Is it my imagination or does he actually just not bother trying anymore?” Clint asked as he watched Loki half-heartedly throw another fiery blast of magic towards the Avengers, which dissipated before it reached its target.
“Looks real enough to me,” Tony said, “But if you'd like to test that theory, please feel free to get a little closer. I'm sure you'd look great with no eyebrows.”
“I'm fine right here, thanks,” Clint replied, fixing an arrow into his bow. He drew the string back, let the arrow loose, then watched as it transformed into a cloud of butterflies before it got within 20 feet of the laughing god.
“You'll have to do better than that, mortals!” Loki shouted happily, from his vantage point, stood on top of an over turned security truck.
 “I agree with Clint,” Steve said. “Butterflies? Don't you think poisonous snakes or killer bees would be more his style?”
“Aye, my brother is fond of snakes,” Thor agreed.
 “Well, maybe you should go and suggest he takes a holiday. Hawaii is lovely this time of year,” Tony said. “Personally, I'm quite happy with butterflies.”
The Hulk appeared at the other end of the street, some way behind Loki, hoping to take him by surprise and Tony watched as Banner took off at a run. Slow at first, but gathering pace, he bounced the last few strides and leapt through the air towards the security van.
At first Tony thought Loki hadn't noticed the thundering strides approaching him, but he turned at the last moment. Loki blasted the Hulk with a weak bolt of magic, but the momentum Banner had gained as he bounced down the street was transferred with the deflection, flinging him with more force than Loki had anticipated. He hit a building, cleaving a hole in its corner and weakened its structural integrity. The whole building started to wobble, a rippling effect moving up its glass exterior, and then every window shattered pouring shards of glass down into the crowded street below.
Loki’s eyes went wide as the building started to list ominously towards him, he raised a hand, casting his magic upwards, trying to push it back, but was knocked from the truck by a bruising blow to the shoulder from Mjolnir as Thor approached. He rolled in pain, his shattered shoulder quickly healing itself, but it was too late to stop the building, it had reached its tipping point and the structure was certain to collapse like a house of cards into the street.
It didn't. The rain of debris and glass stopped and hung in the air like diamonds, glinting in the sunlight, even the dust formed steady clouds, as the sound of horses hooves broke the silence and Odin rode into view.
 “Father!” Loki gasped, forcing himself up onto his knees. “What are you doing here?”
 “Loki, my son,” Odin said, as he climbed down from Sleipnir's mighty back. “I can no longer stand by idly and watch you destroy this realm.”
“All Father,” Loki said, his voice wavering, “It was not my intention to-”
Loki’s words were cut off when Odin grabbed his wrist tightly and regarded him with a look of sorrow and determination.
“Intentions matter not, my son. Your actions speak loud enough. I hereby take from you your powers.” From a distance, the Avengers stood and watched as Odin, still with a crushingly tight grip on Loki’s right wrist, started ripping sections from his son's armor and threw them on the floor.“Odin doesn't approve of your brothers fashion choices?” Tony said to Thor.“No, Stark,” Thor laughed. “Heimdall sees all. The All Father has clearly grown tired of Loki’s actions here on Midgard.”“Is he going to hurt him?”“No!” Thor said, smiling. “Father would never hurt him, he will merely render him mortal, as he did to me once.”“Mortal? Like human?” Tony asked with a note of panic in his voice, and then he pulled his visor down and launched himself at Odin.“Stark, what are you doing?” Thor shouted.Odin didn't even bother turning to repel Tony's attack, he raised Gungnir, aiming somewhere behind him, and unleashed a blast of pure energy from the spear which struck Iron Man and repelled him to the base of the nearest building.Tony, barely awake, watched as Odin released Loki’s wrist, and allowed him to collapse backwards onto the floor.“You are mortal now Loki. You will live out the rest of your life peacefully, here on Midgard,” Odin said.“And you have condemned me to death!” Loki shouted, tears streaming down his face, and Tony lost his fight to stay conscious. * Tony woke to the smell of antiseptic and a headache grumbling somewhere behind his eyes. Awareness creeping in, slowly at first, he realised from the slight background hum that he was on the Hellicarrier, no doubt in the medical bay, and then he remembered what happened in the street.“Loki!” Tony said, opening his eyes, sitting bolt upright in the bed and instantly regretting it when his headache flared into pounding pain.“Easy, easy,” Steve replied, pushing Tony back down. “It's OK, we got him. You've had a bump on the head though, so just lie back and re
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

