Work Text:
Sif would have told him it was a bad idea if only he would listen to her.“If Loki fights like a woman,” Fandral said, casting an apologetic glance towards Sif. “Present company excluded, my Lady, then do you suppose he beds like one as well?”“Are you honestly suggesting you would take one of the princes of Asgard like you take your wenches?”  Hogun asked, lowering his tankard from his mouth to regard Fandrel as if he had taken leave of his senses.“Not only am I suggesting it,” Fandrel said, “But I’m suggesting that he would like it.”“Thor will not allow it.” Sif cautioned.“I have doubt that Thor will ever hear of it and if he does hear of it that he won’t understand it.”“I would not wager too highly on that.” Sif said, ignoring the curious glances thrown her way.“Shall we make it a wager?” Fandrel asked, eyes gleaming. “I would bet I can bed our Prince Loki by the end of the week. If I win then you, Sif, shall have to polish my armour and you will be required to tell any maid that asks after it that I am the most accomplished lover in Asgard.” He preened a little at that, already believing himself to have won.“You assume anyone ever asks.” Hogun muttered.“I accept your bet. If I win however and Loki is not so easily seduced then you will be required to clean out the stables, Fandral.” Sif said, her smile bright as she shook Fandral’s hand across the table.“Now that that is settled, I think this calls for another round of drinks!” Volstagg chimed in, waving a serving maid across to them. **Fandrel knew he was accomplished. He knew he was charming. If he wanted he could have wooed the very stars down from the skies with his stories of conquests and epic battles so he knew he could as likely not melt the ice prince Loki. The boy was outwardly cold but a few choice words, a little attention and he would fall neatly into Fandrel’s arms. There might be some difficulty later once Loki realised those words of love were actually words of lust but Fandrel didn’t fear magic tricks. Fandral would not say he was attracted to men. That was an abomination but Loki was as fair as any maiden and taken from behind it made little difference if woman or boy lay beneath him.  Fandrel had been to war and he knew that in the tents, away from prying eyes when there were needs to be taken care of the tight, clenching hole of a boy or a wet hungry mouth of one was as good as anything a woman might offer. The only woman on campaign was Sif and she was off limits for many reasons but mostly that Fandral did not fancy having his balls cut off and presented to him as she had threatened him with many a time. He would suggest then that he were almost as accomplished a lover of boys as he was of beautiful maids so he had no doubt he could convince the second prince of Asgard to fall to his knees before him. **Fandral found Loki alone in the library. No one liked the ancient volumes as much as the youth and Fandral was grateful for that. They were unlikely to be disturbed. “My young prince.” He called, bowing low before him. Loki looked up from his book, eyebrow raised, already questioning. “I don’t know where Thor is.” He said after a moment’s consideration. “No, I wanted to talk to you, Loki.” Fandral said with a wide smile. “Oh?” Loki looked surprised but Fandral thought he detected a hint of pleasure in the boy’s words. “Why?” Fandral slid into the seat beside him, casually reaching out to push Loki’s book away from him. The silence in the library was almost overpowering, needing to be filled and Fandral could feel Loki beside him, almost vibrating with anticipation as he waited for Fandral to speak. He was so ripe, so ready to be picked. Fandral had felt the same from maidens eager for his attentions and Loki displayed all of it now, licking his lips, lashes fluttering as he gazed at Fandral, waiting for him to make a move. This was almost suddenly too easy and Fandral wondered if Sif had forewarned Loki and the boy was now toying with him. He did enjoy his tricks after all. He dismissed that though as soon as it made its plain though. Sif would stoop to underhanded tricks to win a bet. It was not in her nature. “You know you are much more beautiful up close then I would have believed.” Fandral began, the lines well-rehearsed but they had fared him well before so he fell back on them out of habit. Loki didn’t seem to mind that though. He lent in, head tilted to the side as he considered Fandral and so Fandral pressed on. “I do not know why you are alone here. You should have so many suitors.” He reached out his hand to cover Loki’s own and was delighted when the boy didn’t pull away. “Do you not want a suitor, Loki?” He asked, wanting to hear it from the boy’s own mouth that he wanted it.“No, I want a suitor.” Loki breathed, his cheeks flushing pleasantly and Fandral was momentarily struck dumb. He had known that Loki was interesting to look at with his dark hair and his sharp cheek bones, his little pink mouth a sweet bud. H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Fandral/Loki

freeform: 
Underage Sex
Underage Character
Rough Sex
Sex Games
Flirting
Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Fandral/Loki

