Chapter 1: Night on the Town
    




Chapter Text



Peter was greatly regretting having accepted the job as he slipped into the Stark Gala feeling ridiculously out of place in his borrowed suit. It had all sounded so easy when Captain America was explaining how he would infiltrate the building before hacking into the system to steal the information, but a quick glance around the ballroom showed that the Captain’s security estimates had been off. By a lot. Getting an invite had been nearly impossible though, so Peter couldn’t back down now. He was Spider-man, vigilante extraordinaire. He could do this. 

Nope, he couldn’t do this he decided two hours later. There were no gaps in the guards and despite his many attempts to case the ballroom as a whole he still could not find an alternate route to the hallway he needed. He also had no way to call for help, and the Captain hadn’t given him a back up plan or exit route from the ballroom. Peter didn’t know whether to be annoyed at the lack of planning or pleased by the Captain’s apparent faith in his abilities.  For now he’d just have to wait it out. Maybe the guards would get sloppy as the night wore on and in the meantime he could check out the food table. 
“What have we here?” 
Peter jumped as the man’s deep voice rumbled right next to his ear. He spun, only to come face to face with the most dangerous man in New York. 
“Are you lost, little spider?” Stark’s blue eyes took in everything as he looked Peter up and down. “This doesn’t seem like your type of venue.”
“No sir,” Peter squeaked, then realized he hadn’t properly answered the question. “Not lost, sir. I suppose this isn’t really my normal sort of place either but I didn’t sneak in or anything I promise sir. Umm, I’ll just go now, sorry I didn't mean to be in the way. Have a nice night sir.”
Peter backed away as quickly as he could without actually turning to run, flushing at the amused look Stark was giving him. 
Tony couldn’t help the chuckle that slipped out after the boy had retreated. For a web slinging vigilante he was surprisingly bad under pressure out of the suit. He was quite curious what the boy was doing here though, as he definitely hadn’t been on the original guest list. He’d just have to ask him, and maybe he could have some fun along the way. 
Other guests drew his attention for a time but he never lost track of the spiderling as the boy seemed to drift on the fringes of the party, staying at a pointed distance from Tony. Every time he’d drift even a bit closer the little spider would be heading in the opposite direction. 
Tony’s grin grew sharper. He’d always enjoyed a challenge, and since becoming Superior there had not been many able to provide one. 
It took a few tries given the boy’s heightened senses, but once again he managed to sneak up behind him.
“You don’t look like you’re enjoying my party,” Tony said lightly directly into the boy’s ear. He chuckled as Peter jumped nearly a foot in the air with a squawk. 
“Please stop doing that,” Peter whined with a huff, then froze as he remembered who he was talking to. However Tony just grinned.
“Oh, why should I? You make the cutest sounds.” Tony moved in closer, forcing Peter to step back again and again until the boy bumped into a pillar. “I’d like to know what other sounds you make little spider. Won’t you indulge me?”
“Sir?”
“We could take this elsewhere,” Tony said, boxing Peter’s body in with his own. “I can guarantee it will be worth your time.”
Peter hesitated and Tony could practically see the kid’s mind going a mile a minute.
“I don’t know that it would be worth yours,” Peter finally said. 
“And why is that?” 
“I don’t have much experience with those kinds of things.” His face flushed but he’d be caught out pretty quickly if he tried to claim experience he didn’t have. 
“Don’t worry, pretty boy, I’ll be happy to teach you everything you need to know,” Tony all but purred as he realized what the boy was implying. “Follow me.”
Tony turned and started moving through the crowd without stopping or looking back. Peter huffed but quickly followed. What else was there to do?

The security didn’t even run a scanner over him as Peter followed Stark out of the ballroom. Soon they were taking an elevator up to the man’s penthouse and it was all Peter could do not to panic. The Captain had emphasized how important this data was, and if Peter was honest, Stark wasn’t his last choice for exploring sex, but he still felt out of his depth. His senses were on the fritz, and apparently his spider sense had checked out for the night because it hadn’t pinged Stark at all.  Not to mention there was a good chance Stark would come after him if he was found out. The man had earned his title as the Iron Man after all, even before he ascended to ‘Superior.’
Peter blindly followed Stark further into the penthouse as the man walked over to a large couch. Floor to ceiling windows lined a nearby wall offering a breathtaking view, but Peter barely noticed as 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dark Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Mafia AU
Superior Iron Man Vol 1. (2015)
SIM tony
Dubious good guys Avengers
d/s dynamics
Dom Tony Stark
Dom/sub
Sub Peter Parker
Spanking
Hand Jobs
First Time
Non-Consensual Spanking
Age Difference
Aged-Up Peter Parker
Mob Boss Tony Stark
Mafia Typical Violence
Touch-Starved Peter Parker
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Mads Made Me Do It
Dubious Consent
Torture
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Aftermath of Torture
Panic Attacks
Protective Tony Stark
Soft Tony Stark
but only for Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

