Work Text:
When Erik enters the bedroom, pausing on the threshold just to look, near shivering with excitement, his new sub is waiting for him, laid out on top of the bedclothes like a present. He’s draped with a length of rich black silk, which clings to his naked body and hides nothing, accentuates everything.Erik’s mouth runs dry.It’s the first time he’s so much as seen the man, though they’ve been promised to each other for what feels like decades but is only a year. The ink is drying on the final contract, they have made their vows - separately, hidden from one another behind screens so that they could only hear each others’ voices, not allowed to speak to one another - and now Erik is standing over him, his submissive, who sleeps like a child, one hand curled beside his cheek and the other resting in the space between stomach and groin, below the silk, outlined in shadow. A thumb is stroking gently at the skin there, as though he is having a good dream.The room smells like fragrant smoke, the soporific qualities slowly fading into an aphrodisiac as the censor burns through the first layer of oil and into the second.On the bed the sub - his sub - murmurs, turns his head from one side to the other, settles.Erik reaches out and lays his hand on one ankle, closing his fingers around the jutting bone through the silk, and feels lust and delight and ownership settle over him from the contact.It’s the first time he’s so much as touched a sub apart from his mother.It earns him a moan, the contact enough to wake the man; he shifts, the silk slinking across his skin as he moves, and Erik runs his hand up along his submissive’s calf, feeling the muscle under the skin as the man’s toes curl, foot arching; when he looks up to see if the serene expression has changed there is a fine sliver of blue just visible under each heavy-lashed lid where they’re trying to flutter open. Blue, his sub has blue eyes. And gloss-painted lips, and tousled, just-curling brown hair, like he’s been sleeping here waiting for Erik for years, like something out of a fairytale - “Mmmm,” the submissive says, and his voice is gravelled and low from sleep, makes Erik’s heart pound. “Oh!”“You’re perfect.” Erik places one knee on the bed, the mattress dipping beneath his weight as he moves up to straddle his sub’s prone body, pinning the silk down tight on either side of him and revealing every line of the smooth torso, the strong lines of the arms and a stirring weight between his sub’s legs, responding to Erik’s nearness with the same keenness as Erik’s own cock, pressing firmly against his trousers and becoming increasingly uncomfortable, trapped there. “What’s your name?”The sub blinks slowly, once, twice, looking up at Erik from where he’s laid on his back, wonder on his face. “Charles,” he says softly, and does not try to move. “It’s Charles.”Erik smiles, slow and awestruck, and remembers his lines at last. “My name is Erik. Charles, you belong to me now. I will look after your interests and protect your safety, fill your needs and accept your submission. Submit to me.”Charles’ response is surely rote-learned, but he says it as though it is utterly new, as though nobody else has ever said these words before. “Erik, I belong to you now. I will offer you my submission and bow to your dominance, and only yours. I will only seek to please you and accept your protection. Take me.”Erik bends his head and Charles’ eyes slide shut as Erik presses their mouths together, opening obediently when Erik pushes for entrance with his tongue and moaning so beautifully when Erik’s fingers thread through his hair to hold him there, trapped willingly beneath his body where Erik is straddling him, arching into the kiss.It’s like being set on fire; Charles’ submission is fuel to a flame Erik has been fanning ever since he was given the promise of this a year ago, and with his free hand Erik grabs for the silk covering his sub and wrenches it off. Fabric flows against his hand as he flings it across the room to leave Charles bare beneath him; pale skin pebbles in the colder air as he moans, his hands coming up to take hold of Erik’s shirt, not pulling but pleading. His chest is heaving as though he is short of breath, but he does not pull away from Erik’s mouth though he’s trying to gasp for air, sobbing soundlessly into the kiss. Erik leans back, breaking the link between their mouths with a wet noise, and watches Charles draw in deep, shuddering breaths, face flushed and eyes drowsy from the drug and from want. He’s still limp to Erik’s will, lax beneath him save for the upright jut of his cock between his legs, damp-tipped and swollen like his lips. “You’re perfect,” Erik says again, fingers still tangled in Charles’ hair, and strokes his free hand down the pale column of Charles’ throat, feeling him swallow, running his fingertips so lightly across the skin that his sub presses up into them with a wordless sound, begging for more. “Perfect,” and he bends do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Fingerfucking
Anal Sex
Oral Sex

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

