Work Text:
Hank sighed and leaned back in his chair and rubbed his eyes. He'd thought developing a counter for chemical methods of mind control would be easy. Tony was already handling the technological side of things, although he was engaged in something of an arms race there: he invented a counter, the bad guys worked around it, Tony invented a new counter, and on and on forever, probably. But when it came down to the biological side of things, they had no better protection than gas masks.
	It had been quiet lately, so Hank had decided to tackle the problem. Given the number of encounters the Avengers had had with chemical mind control substances, a thorough comparison should have been enough to isolate the mechanism that made it possible. From there he could create an inoculant. Unfortunately, he was beginning to think that there was no common mechanism. The Mandrill's pheromones worked on women but had no impact on men. Spider-Woman's not only attracted men, they also repulsed women. The Mephistoid's worked not only on both women and men, but was also effective on multiple species. 

	Hank had given up on correlating the effects and had started trying to synthesize a chemical that would neutralize the Mephistoid's pheromone, in hopes that something that neutralized a chemical with a universal effect would work universally itself. So far he was only having partial success. He'd created a couple of different substances, but none of them were 100% effective on all the different pheromones Hank knew were out there. 

	Shaking his head, Hank stretched to loosen his shoulders and reached for the latest flask of partially neutralized pheromone. Misjudging the distance, he cursed as the flask tipped over and lunged forward to catch it. His fingers brushed the smooth glass, but he didn't quite get it, and the flask shattered on the floor, the solution within quickly evaporating.

	Well, at least it was mostly neutralized. Hank got off the stool and started rooting around in cupboards, looking for a rag or some paper towel he could use to wipe up the spill. After a minute he glanced over his shoulder and shook his head. There was nothing to wipe up now; it had all evaporated. He started looking for a dustpan and brush for the glass instead.

	"Hank?"

	He looked up to find Jan standing in the lab's doorway, regarding the broken flask warily. "Yes?"

	"You haven't got the lab's ventilation isolated from the rest of the mansion at the moment," Jan said, "So I hope you'll forgive me for asking, what was in that flask?"

	"It's fine, really," Hank hurried to reassure her. "I was trying to work out how to neutralize those mind control pheromones we keep running into. That solution was pretty much harmless."

	Jan crossed her arms over her chest and raised her eyebrows. "How harmless is 'pretty much'?"

	Hank crouched and started sweeping up the glass. "Completely, except when it comes into contact with salt water. Then it turns into a pretty indiscriminate aphrodisiac."

	There was a long pause. "Hank," Jan said slowly. "Isn't human sweat mostly salt water?"

	"Depends on the sweat glands," Hank said, finishing with the glass and dumping it into the proper bin. "Some of them also secrete fatty substances. Why?"

	"Because Steve and Tony are working out in the gym right now," Jan said. "And I don't know about Steve, but I bet Tony is sweating up a storm."

	Hank blanched. "Oh shit." 

	***

	Tony wiped the sweat off of his forehead and dried his hand on his shorts. "It's not fair that you're not sweating at all," Tony complained good naturedly, trying to keep his weight on the balls of his feet while he watched for Steve's next move.

	"I think you're sweating enough for both of us," Steve said, grinning. He had a point; his shirt was dry except where it was spotted with Tony's sweat from earlier falls. "How did you let yourself get this out of shape?"

	"I'm not--" Tony broke off as Steve lunged and seized his shoulder, trying to throw Tony over his hip. Tony managed to turn with the motion, keeping his balance, and followed up by hooking his foot around Steve's ankle, aiming to trip him. Steve went down, all right--into a smooth roll that left Tony flat on the mat and Steve back on his feet. "I'm not out of shape," Tony said, looking up at Steve. "You're just in ridiculously good shape."

	He really was, too. Even in sweatpants and a t-shirt you could tell. Broad shoulders, narrow waist, powerful thighs, not to mention his chest. Tony gave himself a mental shake as Steve held out a hand to help him up. He couldn't let his thoughts run away with him like that. Taking Steve's hand, Tony let his friend pull him to his feet.

	"I'm serious," Steve said, stepping back and nodding for Tony to get ready for another try. "You didn't get worn out this fast the last time we worked out together."

	Which was months ago. First Tony had taken a leave of absence from the Avengers and then Avengers business had kept them so busy tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Smutlet
First Time

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

