Work Text:
James stands by his front door, looking at his watch.  He can’t leave to go eat breakfast at the diner because it’s only 6:58 and he doesn’t leave until 7.  The eight turns into a nine right before his eyes and he laughs but keeps waiting.  One minute is only sixty seconds and then he’ll walk two blocks to the diner and his friend Steve will eat breakfast with him.
Finally the numbers change and he hurries out the door.  He can’t waste the next sixty seconds; he has to lock the door behind him before 7:01 because he leaves at 7:00.  His friend Steve is already waiting for him, sitting at their table.  This is how it happens every day: James wakes up at 6:00 and does some yoga with Steve’s friend Bruce.  He gets back to his apartment at 6:40 and takes a seven-minute shower.  It only takes him three minutes to get dressed and comb his hair and brush his teeth and eight minutes to shave.  Then he waits for two minutes before he can leave.  When he gets to the diner at 7:07, Steve is sitting at their table.
Steve looks up when the bell over the door chimes, right on time, and smiles at James, and James smiles right back.  Sometimes, even when he doesn’t mean to, he smiles when he sees Steve.  Steve told him that’s alright.  Steve smiles when he sees James, too, and sometimes Steve’s cheeks and neck turn red and that makes James smile more.
Steve’s smile is real today, and James is happy.  That means it’s going to be a good day.  Sometimes Steve’s smile is fake and that means he’s sad, and James never has a good day when Steve is sad at breakfast.
“Good morning,” Steve says, giving James a thumbs-up, and for some reason it makes James laugh.  He doesn’t know why some things Steve does make him laugh.  “Why are you laughing at me?” Steve asks, but he’s laughing, too.
“I don’t know,” James replies.  “Sometimes you just make me laugh.”
“Yeah, well, sometimes your face just makes me laugh,” Steve says.  James touches his face lightly with the tips of his fingers, four little dots of pressure against each cheekbone, his thumbs not touching anything.
“Why?” He asks, concerned.  “Is something wrong with it?”
Steve blinks a few times.  “No, I was just kidding.  I like your face.”  Steve’s cheeks turn red and James ducks his head a little, smiling again.  Steve never keeps it a secret that he likes James’s face and his smile and his hair and his laugh.
James thinks he and Steve might be dating, kind of.  They eat breakfast together every day and talk on the phone before bed every night.  Every Friday Steve comes over to James’s apartment and they eat dinner and watch a movie on the couch together and Steve puts his arm around James and sometimes, when James feels bold, he holds Steve’s hand.  Steve’s eyes crinkle up in the best way when he does, so he tries to be brave every Friday.  On Saturdays they go to museums and on warm Sundays they go to the park and Steve draws pictures.  If James is brave on Friday and holds Steve’s hand, then they hold hands when they walk around the museums and the park on Saturday and Sunday.  James likes holding Steve’s hand, especially around big crowds.
But not at breakfast.  At breakfast they sit across the table from each other and Steve needs his hands to eat, so James doesn’t hold one.  Steve sometimes puts one of his feet in between James’s, and James isn’t quite sure why but he likes that.
“I like your face, too,” James tells Steve, even though after he says it he thinks maybe he waited too long to say it after Steve did.  James watches TV and movies and he knows you’re not supposed to leave a long break between responding to something someone says.
Steve doesn’t mind, though.  His smile gets bigger and his eyes crinkle up and the redness in his cheeks goes down to his neck and James is very, very happy right then, so happy that he leans forward and uses one finger to trace across the red on Steve’s cheeks.
“What is it called?” He asks.
“A blush,” Steve tells him.  He isn’t smiling anymore.  His eyes are a little bit wider than they normally are and he sounds a little out of breath.  James knows that’s a good thing.  He asked his friend Natasha why Steve sounds out of breath sometimes when James touches him and she laughed and said it means Steve likes him very much and likes when James touches him.
James pulls his hand back and Steve clears his throat.  Usually, when James forgets what something’s called and asks someone, he writes it down in his notebook and then he doesn’t forget anymore.  But he asks Steve what the redness is—blush—almost once a week.  He knows he would remember if he wrote it down in his book.  But he doesn’t write it down on purpose because he likes touching Steve’s face and the way Steve’s eyes look when he does it.
James thinks Steve likes it, too.
Steve eats waffles and James eats pancakes and at 7:53 James stands up.  He has to leave the diner at 7:55 every day but he’s learned that he should stand up two minutes early because then he gets two mi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Amnesia
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Aftermath of Torture
Ableism

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

