Work Text:
Loki, flanked by his two elder brothers, faced their king across the icy waste of the throne room. "The arrangements have been made with Odin, for your departure to Asgard." Laufey's voice was, if possible, colder than the room. Loki forced his hands to remain still by his sides, but, as usual, he could not meet the king's eyes. He focused on the dais upon which the throne sat, and remained silent. His father went on, "It has been decided the marriage will take place in a fortnight's time." Byleistr drew a little closer to Loki, touched his shoulder. This was normally some comfort, but the unease that always lived in Loki's gut had flared into a near-panic that made it impossible for him to respond, or even to breathe.Helblindi, the eldest, the crown prince, spoke. "He is not yet ready for marriage, my king.""I say differently," came the unyielding response. Helblindi, his voice beginning to lose the level coolness demanded of his position, tried again. "He is not yet old enough to breed, Father. It would be dangerous-- ""That," Laufey replied shortly, "is a risk he will have to take. Much as his mother did. Byleistr, see to your brother's packing. You will accompany him to Asgard."Helblindi squared his shoulders. "I request leave to make the excursion as well."Please, Loki thought, looking at the foot of the dais of ice, not daring to raise his eyes to the king on his throne. Please, please-- Laufey gazed at his eldest son, his heir, for a long moment. Then he cast a single glance at his youngest-- the runt, the kinslayer-- and gestured dismissively. "As you wish."  ~oOo~"So the wedding is actually going to take place?" Fandral asked, as the warriors left the sparring grounds. "You look surprised, my friend," Thor replied in amusement. "I have been betrothed to the son of Laufey since before he could toddle. Surely you knew the marriage would take place some time?""Well, yes," Fandral muttered. "I just didn't believe it."Thor's laugh was a boom of joyous thunder, enough to make the Warriors Three and the Lady Sif join in. Thor clapped Fandral on the shoulder. And then Volstagg said, "Laufey's youngest must still be quite a boy, though. It is hard to believe he is really-- " The big warrior broke off in embarrassment. Sif rolled her eyes, but Thor cast a look of tolerant understanding at his friend."The Jotun king is impatient to complete the treaty, and says his son is quite ready to take up his duties as consort. The Jotun delegation arrives in the morning. We shall see then."~oOo~Loki remained in his own form until he and his brothers arrived at the Bifrost landing site. Then, with assistance from Byleistr, he shook out the complicated clothing and ridiculously heavy cloak that would be required for an Aesir to avoid freezing to death on Jotunheim. Loki's throat was tight as he laid out the clothing, moving quickly to avoid damaging it with his very touch. Then he took a deep breath and prepared to change forms. "Wait," Helblindi spoke quietly. "One moment." Loki looked up at his eldest brother, the crown prince Loki had always feared just a little, in spite of how much he also loved him. Helblindi was always so serious, and he looked much more like Father than the shorter, blockier, more playful Byleistr. There was nothing to fear in his expression now, however. Helblindi looked down at his youngest brother, crimson eyes softer than Loki had ever seen them. Then he knelt, placed both hands on Loki's shoulders, and said, "This is a great change for you, and must be rather frightening." Loki opened his mouth to deny it, and Helblindi shook his head. "I would be frightened, if I were in your position. There is no shame. But the Aesir are not monsters, whatever tales you have been told. They are strange in some ways but like us in others. This is your duty, but it does not have to be hateful, if you accept it with a willing heart. I will speak to the Aesir prince on your behalf. I believe he is capable of kindness." Loki should have been offended, that his brother thought he needed someone to speak for him, but he was too relieved for that. Helblindi, in a gesture that for many years had been unaccustomed, pulled Loki into a tight embrace. Byleistr, too, knelt and did likewise. "It will be all right," he said awkwardly, and then could not resist teasing, "I believe the Aesir only rarely devour their mates." Helblindi cuffed him, and in spite of his overpowering anxiety, Loki laughed. Then his brothers stepped back and Loki changed into the uncouth form in which he would be expected to live the rest of his life. The pleasant spring breeze turned into a biting, howling blast, and Loki hastily dressed himself, as he had practiced, in the Aesir clothing. Then he stood between his brothers, both of them careful now not to touch him, and Helblindi called for the Bifrost to open. ~oOo~Odin clearly thought it an insult, that Laufey himself did not come to personally hand over his son and attend the ceremo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Marriage
Community: norsekink

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

