Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
“Sir, I know you are about to depart for Lagos, but there is a situation in Chicago I believe warrants your attention.” FRIDAY’s voice rang through the StarkJet, stopping the gathered group from leaving.Tony looked to Steve and gestured to one of the screens. “Pull up what’s happening in Chicago FRIDAY.” Not a moment later, the screen filled with news reports and footage of General Glen Talbot in a weird villain suit or something and a terrible dye job. “What’s the situation?”The news screen minimised as more information FRIDAY found filled the screen. “It would appear that General Talbot has recovered from his shooting at the hands of a Quake LMD and is calling himself Graviton, I am attempting to access SHIELD files to assess the situation, but I am having difficulty getting through their firewalls.”Clint dropped himself into the pilot’s chair, Nat claiming the one next to him. “I’ll take us to Chicago. This looks like it’s going to get worse before it gets better.”With everyone on board, the door shut, and Clint left no time to get them in the air, shooting them in the direction of Chicago as soon as they were off the ground, pulling above the buildings of New York. “We’ll sort this and then move on to Lagos, we have time. Tony looked around for a complaint from someone, anyone, but nothing. They’d all read the intel; it was one of the last remaining Hydra facilities and the fact they’d found it was luck more than anything.Steve crossed his arms over his chest and watched the screen that had returned to the news. “Okay everyone, we have a much shorter trip to Chicago so be ready to drop as soon as we arrive. This is already escalating.” He nodded to the screen. “Tony, he’s not an inhuman is he?”“No, his files show him as human, no DNA markers of an inhuman. Why?” Glancing at the screen, Tony frowned. “That’s new.”Talbot was levitating – flying – either way his feet weren’t on the ground, and he was moving mountains of concrete like it was nothing. “Why are we only just hearing about this threat? Surely he didn’t just wake up one day able to do this?”FRIDAY somehow managed to sound sheepish when she spoke, impressive to most of them on the jet. “Your alerts for Hydra chatter pinged concerning information including General Talbot over a week ago, you dismissed it as something for SHIELD to handle.”He gaped at the AI. “Well clearly I was wrong, why weren’t you monitoring the situation?”“I was Sir, there has been no further chatter I could access until now.”Steve held up a hand. “Why don’t we just get to Chicago and sort this before he does something completely stupid.” He looked over his shoulder to Clint and Nat. “How long until we arrive?”“Ten minutes.”***Running after Talbot, Daisy threw herself forward with her powers, catching Talbot as he turned towards her. The force of the hit didn’t slow her down much, but it did make them drop to the road slightly quicker and God was she glad she wasn’t hitting the concrete first. No way would she be walking away without some bruises but a full body one was not something she wanted to try. Bouncing up, she managed to punch him as they hit the road a second time.Was he now completely Gravitonium now there is no way her powers alone were making them carve such a path into the layers of concrete along the road. She felt the crash as they hit something, a bus maybe, but as she held Talbot down, he only coughed at the dust surrounding them.“Stop! People are dying.”He looked at her and Daisy could see there wasn’t any talking to him, but she refused to give up on him again. “This is war, collateral damage is part of it. I need to arm myself so I can fight my enemies.”Hydra seriously screwed up his head. “You’re becoming the enemy, whether you believe it or not.” She dropped one arm from holding him down. “But it’s not too late, think about your son.”The emotion dropped from his face. “I’m doing this for him.”“Did you see it in his face? How scared he was?”“It’s just because I seem different, I’m becoming the most powerful being in the universe. He’ll see, one day. The end justifies the means, right?”Glenn Talbot wasn’t there anymore, not the man that had worked with them or even hunted them down at one point and her shoulders dropped, he was gone. There was no talking her way out of this. “You know the only people that say that, are the people doing bad things.”His voice wavered. “I’m becoming a hero.”“You are one.” She offered him a hand up. If he took it, maybe there was a chance, maybe. Pulling him to his feet, Daisy took the small opportunity he was giving her. “The moment you enlisted you became one, we all did. Look around, you’re surrounded by them.  Anyone who signs up for this, to lose friends, or limbs, or your mind, or your life in protection of humanity. We are in this together.” He looked around them, at the first responders helping those around them as she continued. “We need to join forces.”Offering her a small sm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons

