Chapter 1: Day One
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark was nineteen, his parents were dead and he didn’t get to have control of the family business yet. So he had time to play, time to create as he wanted before the real world set in. Obadiah would come visit him in the apartment he’d held himself up in, wanting enough space to just be himself, even if it was in Brooklyn. Obadiah did not understand and even Tony could see the slow build of annoyance on his face.But then the man always viewed Tony as less strong than what he was, always arguing that an omega was useless.Howard Stark had been a traditionalist up to a certain point. When his son presented himself as omega, the man raged. Of course he would, no one would take his heir seriously. So, as a countermeasure, Howard had demanded harsh, character building treatment of Tony. He’d show affection, allow his wife and the servants to show affection. But Tony was to be cold, hard steel in public. Was there abuse there? Tony was never sure, because he got advantages that no omega had. He couldn’t really fault Howard since his lessons ensured he now stood strong and proud in front of any news reporter, the perfect Stark. But the moment he was inside his own home, Tony’s shoulders immediately drooped a little and his scent of desperate need for touch got stronger. Because he wasn’t allowed that. He wasn’t allowed to be touched and held, not when it could risk the Stark name. Only Rhodey had given him that and he was now off in training for the military.After the latest string of too many galas, Tony came home and curled up on his couch - threadbare from the local Goodwill, because there was just something desperately wonderful about a couch that had scents there. Like he would be able to feel like he was part of whatever the couch experience. Tony was, if anything, a combination of a hedonist and homebody. He loved being on his own to just do things as he saw fit, even if so much of his omega nature demanded he submerge himself in other people.‘Not yet,’ Tony thought to himself. Tabloids can say what they want, but no one yet has proved themselves to get him as an object.He turned from where he was laying and reached for his latest little enjoyment. He’d found that the ‘garage sales’ here in Brooklyn were phenomenal at finding little electronics to take a part. Honestly, it was teaching him more and more, something he hoped to introduce to the R&D division of the company as soon as he had a chance to actually work. Instead of just hanging back like an icon instead of a person. Eventually, Tony made himself some food and, after eating and playing around with the parts on his coffee table, he went to bed. He woke up in a beat up room, the mattress underneath himself filled with spring and lumps. The room smelled of so many scents that Tony actually had difficulty figuring out where he was. Tony stood and looked around, feeling actual stressful smells peak up when he couldn’t identify anything, not even the color of the bedroom’s door. He stared down at a bundle of clothes near the bed and looked. They were what he remembered as the photos of his father as a young man.Tony dropped them and backed away to the wall next to the door. This was insane. He needed to find out what happened. On the verge of panicking, he opened the door to enter another space just as beat up as the last. And, no, his phone was not where he hoped it to be, nothing was as he left it the night before. There wasn’t even a television anymore.There was a good chance he had been kidnapped. It would be the thirteenth time, but even that would be better than if this reality was, well, real. Obadiah would save him, if only because Tony was needed for a transfer of company property along with his own funds and his current will left everything to various charities, drawn on random. He knew that was a pretty sad way of thinking of things, but it was the way of Tony’s life. Howard had taught him greediness was the only way to survive.His only choice was to head for the door. He had glanced around and there were no weapons. Not even a steak knife. Tony was pretty sure he was heading to his death, as dramatic as that seemed, but it was better than waiting for his captors. It didn’t stop him from, while in his pajamas of all things, creaking open the front door of the apartment. He was greeted with a dirty hallway and set of stairs that looked half rotted heading below. Tony stepped onto the hall, listening for anything around him.There was the random gust of air below, possibly from an open window or door. The wood beneath him creaked like it could break at any second. The rest was the muffled sound of cars and people talking. Like a normal street corner. There was no indication of anyone else in the building, which Tony wasn’t sure if that was more worrisome or not.Thankfully, his slight build aided in Tony’s ability to carefully bounce from good step to good step without falling fully to the basement. Scr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Time Travel
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Teen Tony Stark
Omega Verse
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Creepy Obadiah Stane
Virgin Tony Stark
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Depression
Panic Attacks
Threesome - M/M/M
Knotting
Consent to sex prior to heat
Double Penetration
Praise Kink
Mating Bites
Blow Jobs
Suriving emotionally
Non-descriptive Torture
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
DUM-E is a good bro
U is Daddy's Princess
BAMF Pepper Potts
Deaf Clint Barton
Clint's Sassy Mouth

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

