Chapter 1: Five Times Steve Copes Surprisingly Well, Considering
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

[1]
Dear Bucky,
It's been real hard without you. You haven't even been gone that long and it's not like I don't have anyone to talk to. Dr. Erskine is real nice and Agent Carter says I'll be leaving for basic soon. I hope I can make some friends there, but they won't be like you. No one can ever be as good a friend to me as you, Buck.


Anyway, I'm only gonna be in our old place for a few days after the first of the month, but I still have to pay rent. Doesn't sit right, just walking out like that. So last night

Steve sets the pencil down and takes a deep breath of minty steam, wrapping his hands around the mug of tea. Dr. Erskine has assured him he'll never get sick again if he's chosen for the treatment, but if it happens, it won't be for a while yet. And no matter how sick he is, he has to reassure Bucky. If they had both been able to go, they would have signed up together. Steve is sure of it. He hates to think it, but getting drafted... it's kind of the coward's way out. And that's just another thing he'll have to make up to Buck, after the war. He knows Bucky would've volunteered if they coulda signed up together. He knows. They would have been in the 107th together, they would have...
Enough daydreaming, Rogers. Write the damn letter. Can't be any worse than living through it.

So last night I went down to the docks. They'd already turned me down for a real job (but because I'm leaving for basic so soon, for a change, which I don't mind saying I'm pretty proud about) but I heard some whispers about other ways to make money there, and I know you used to do it when I was sick and needed medicine, so don't even start with me.


It started off fine. I found a couple, uh, I guess you'd call them customers? They were nice enough gents, called me a pretty little thing. One of them told me I look better on my knees than any dame, even gave me a tip! But after that, well, it didn't go exactly how I planned.

Nope, nobody really “plans” on getting surrounded by a group of sailors after agreeing to one at a time only. Or being spat on, or called “faggot” and “queer.” They'd punched him when he was up and kicked him when he was down, face and gut and even his groin, til he'd coughed blood—though whether that was from his loose teeth or something more dire, he couldn't say.
Most of them had cleared out when the fight had finally gone out of him.
It wasn't that he gave up. It wasn't.
His body just wouldn't respond any longer. Battered and bruised and bleeding, it just lay on the ground pathetically no matter what epithets he screamed internally. And that was what really shamed him, more than anything, even more than what came after.
He'd heard the heavy stomp of boots fading away and looked up blearily to see two—one—four—no, it was definitely two men still looming over him. One reached down for his arm, as if to offer him a friendly hand up, but he'd no sooner grabbed it than the second man punched him, yet again, in the side of his head.
“Think this fairy has learned his lesson yet?”
“Nope. Think there's a couple things we got left to teach him.”
Steve looked back and forth, uncomprehending. He could kick himself for it, now, for his innocence and naivete. (Bucky had always liked that about him, called him “my little avenging angel.”) Well, he won't be making that mistake again.
He hadn't expected it, what they'd done, and he was, to put it mildly, a weakling at the best of times, so he was on his hands and knees before he'd really known what to make of the situation, one man at his front and one at his rear. The sailor at his head had dug one finger behind his jaw so he couldn't help but open wide and growled, “Even a hint of teeth and you're headed straight for the East River, got it, punk?”
Steve checked out a little, hearing Bucky's pet name for him, but nodded weakly before zoning out further. He somehow still didn't get it when he felt his pants lower, the cool night air across his behind. When he felt the rough thumbs digging into his flesh, spreading him, spit hitting his skin again... he started to understand what they meant to do to him, the lesson they meant to teach him, and he felt ashamed for ever imagining this act before, for imagining himself and—
But that was useless. It was useless, before, when Bucky always had some girl, and it was extra useless now.
They weren't gentle, but they were fast. Steve had barely caught up with what was happening to him when they hauled him vertical to pat down his pockets. He felt fumbling hands at his pants—they weren't dressing him, but he wasn't quite sure what they were doing—before one of them pushed him back over. He tried to stand or fight back but honestly would have been fine with just opening his eyes to glare resentfully as they walked away.
They weren't walking away.
He heard the sound of one o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/OMCs
Steve Rogers/Arnim Zola
Steve Rogers/Hydra Agents
Steve Rogers/Loki
Steve Rogers/Strike Team (Captain America movies)
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
Oral Sex
Homophobic Slurs
Spitroasting
Piss
Medical Kink
Gangbang
Sexual Manipulation
Victim Blaming
Bad Things Happen to Good People
Broken Dick
Magic dick
Consent Negotiation
Non-Penetrative Sex
Five Plus One

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/OMCs
Steve Rogers/Arnim Zola
Steve Rogers/Hydra Agents
Steve Rogers/Loki
Steve Rogers/Strike Team (Captain America movies)
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes

