Chapter 1: Summoning
    




Chapter Text
Honestly, villains were getting more and more idiotic every day.What happened to the good old days of bombings and robbing banks? Stealing candy from babies?That just wasn't good enough anymore apparently.Nope.Now they had giant rampaging hamsters and legions of spiders and that one very memorable incident with the murderous teddy bear.And now?This was just the icing on the cake."Demons," Tony deadpanned, staring at Strange as Steve swelled up in righteous fury at the mere thought that someone was summoning demons.Strange sighed."Demons," he answered in the same world-weary tone as Tony."Are we going to have to save the idiots who summoned it?" Sam asked in exasperation."Depends on their competence," Strange answered. "We'll either find them slaughtered and a demon on the loose or we'll find fanatical people with a demon under their control and determined to bring about the end of days.""Think he's a demon like 'hot demon' or 'Exorcist demon'?" Clint whispered in the background.Natasha smiled faintly at the reminder of their tendency to watch shows that Steve highly disapproved of. Both horror movies and mildly controversial shows. He swanned out of the room in disgust whenever their stuff was on. Tony and the spy twins stayed, far too invested in what was on screen to give into Steve's disapproval."I know what my hope is," she murmured back with a smirk.Tony shot them a look but it was ruined by the way his lips tugged up in amusement.Sam rolled his eyes good-naturedly at them while Bruce looked anxious. Wanda looked bored, no doubt confident in her abilities to take on even a demon. Vision at least looked suitably concerned about the situation."Focus," Steve ordered and Tony resisted the urge to roll his eyes. No need to start a fight now.He looked expectantly at Strange."Be prepared for anything," he warned them as he opened a portal to the location."Including killer rubber ducks," Tony muttered as they headed through."We don't speak of that mission!" Clint howled.
What they found after arriving was definitely not what they expected.Honestly Tony didn't actually know what he expected. What did demons even look like?He was sure that Steve had been psyching himself up for the traditional demon from the Bible while the others maybe considered versions from TV shows and movies.Tony himself was maybe hoping for the hot demon thing along with Clint and Natasha. He could admire a good-looking man and he enjoyed a nice view.This however… wasn't what he expected.In the dark, dank basement that they burst into, scaring the shit out of the cultists in the process (always fun), a runic circle glowed enough to light the figure trapped inside.There was no cliche cursing or threats. No thrashing figure trying to escape or monstrous beast pacing the small area.No.There was what looked like a man (hey demon, who knew about genders?) pinned down on their knees to the concrete floor with chains wrapped about their wrists and ankles, blood flowing from many serious-looking injuries littering their body, even if it was somewhat disguised by their dark clothes.They were gagged and blindfolded, red hair in disarray.The most eye-catching part of the entire thing was the huge black wings spread out behind them, trapped in heavy chains.Tony wondered what the others saw. From the set of Steve's jaw and Sam's wary expression, he guessed they saw exactly what they expected.A threat.Wanda didn't even give much of her attention to the demon, more focused on studying the magic in the room curiously with Vision close behind her.No doubt they expected to take out the threat and move on with the arrests after Stephen pronounced it safe to approach.But unfortunately for them, the rest of the team had been through some shit.He could see it in the way Natasha's eyes traced the chains cruelly holding the demon in a kneeling position while the chains around their wings held them back from collapsing, pulling their faintly trembling body taut with strain.He could see it in how Clint clutched his bow tighter as he studied the injuries that seemed to have no purpose other than to cause pain.He could see it in how Bruce staggered back, gaze locked on the pool of blood and the dark feathers scattered across the floor, ripped out of now ragged-looking wings.He could see it in the rage that filled Stephen's eyes at the casual display of harm and unnecessary cruelty.He could feel it in himself. The fury that lit at the sight of someone, anyone, beaten down when they were already helpless and at their captor's mercy.They had all known that helplessness at some point in their lives. The Red Room. Abusive families. Obsessive generals. Car accidents.Terrorists and a desert that birthed a hero.Steve was droning on about something as the cultists were dragged from the room by SHIELD agents. Tony wasn't sure what the man was saying but he doubted he wanted to know by the way Clint’s eyes narrowed and Natasha's gaze c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Aziraphale/Crowley (Good Omens)

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
BAMF Tony Stark
Hurt Crowley (Good Omens)
Protective Aziraphale (Good Omens)
Crowley's Name is Crawly | Crawley (Good Omens)
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
BAMF Aziraphale (Good Omens)
Crowley is So Done (Good Omens)

fandom: 
Aziraphale/Crowley (Good Omens)

