Work Text:
Originally a tumblr fic, moved by request to AO3. Based on this panel.
   "Get the fuck down," Bucky snaps. "Stay down. You hear me? You poke your head out and you’re gonna get it blown off. Jesus Christ.” The kid’s eyes are huge in his face. Steve feels a little bad, watching it, but what Bucky’s saying is true. The Germans are somehow closer than they were an hour ago: it feels like the battlefield is shrinking as more men on each side are picked off. If they breathe, the Germans are going to hear it. "Only one person on this operation sticks his neck up there," Buck’s saying, "And that’s me. Got it?" The kid nods. He swallows. “Sir, yes, sir.” "Don’t call me sir," Bucky mumbles, tinkering with his scope. "I ain’t an officer. Call Rogers sir if you gotta call someone sir.""Yes — " the kid blinks. "Uh, yeah. Sarge." "Where are you from?" Falsworth asks. His voice is gruff, but not unkind. "Texas," the kid says, and visibly he bites down on another ‘sir.’ "Texas," Falsworth repeats, mulling it over. "Hmm. Alright. Is that in the north?" "Anybody got a smoke?" Bucky asks. Dugan does. He shuffles it out of his pocket, and a match, too. They duck down as deep as they can into the trench. Bucky puts it in his mouth."M’lady," Dugan says. He strikes the flame and lights the cigarette for him. "Fuck yourself," Bucky tells him, muffled. Dugan sticks the match into the mud. Bucky sucks on his cigarette and then grips his rifle. "Kraut nails me in the head, it’s been good knowing you assholes. Four days in the mud in a Mexican stand-off. Jesus fuck." "Buck —" Steve says, warning. "Shut up," Bucky tells him, softer. "Ain’t nobody’s nailin’ me in the head. Right? Keep your head low, you understand? No matter what, you keep your head down. Don’t goddamn engage." "Don't engage," Steve mumbles. "I’ll engage if I damn well want to engage."Bucky rolls his eyes. He sticks his head out of the trench, and Steve hears the familiar click of the safety, the quiet clinks as he settles himself into position. Steve is close enough, pressed to his torso, to feel the tenseness and stillness in the moment before the shot. And then out loud Bucky says, his voice flat with shock: “Jesus motherfucking Christ.”"What?" "What the motherfucking Christ —” “What?" Beside Steve, Texas is almost vibrating with terror. Steve can’t blame him: he’s frozen in fear, too. He imagines reinforcements. Tanks. Bombers. Frantically he tries to strategize. If they’re surrounded —"A cow," says Bucky faintly. "Sarge?" Texas asks."It’s a goddamn cow." Steve jumps up and shoulders Bucky out of the way. Bucky doesn’t even shove back. His mouth is hanging open."Jesus God," Steve agrees numbly. It’s a cow. There in the field is a fat German milk cow meandering through the grass and the bodies, calm as can be, obliviously minding its own cow business."A cow!” Bucky suddenly shouts, and before Steve knows what’s happening, Bucky has lunged out of the trench and broken into a flat dash. "Barnes!" Steve yells, and runs after him. And then he sees it: the Germans are running too. "Goddamn it," Steve says. "Oh, goddamn it." "You speak any English?" Bucky’s yelling. "You Kraut motherfuckers better step the fuck back —” “NEIN!" A voice roars."Oh my God,” Steve moans, and then he’s tackled. Unfortunately for the Nazi, however, Steve is probably stronger than all the men here combined; he flips the guy over his shoulder and keeps on running. Bucky stabs a man in the neck. The cow moos. Steve doesn’t have his shield, and so he has to use his fists instead. He punches a man in the face so hard something cracks. He kicks another in the balls. Beside him he hears a terrible splashing noise and then a scream. He elects not to look, and instead takes down another Nazi. "I cannot," Steve grits, holding a struggling German in a headlock, "fucking believe you." Bucky is too busy suffocating a contender for the cow with his bare hands to hear him. 
 "You Nazi bastard." They roll in the mud. Bucky is panting, and close to the man’s face. "I am going to eat the fuck out of this bovine. I am going — to eat — the fuck — stay still  —” The Nazi spits in his face. Impulsively Bucky punches his lights out. He sits back on his knees, and as an afterthought, shoots him dead. He drops the gun and looks up to the sky. Then he makes the sign of the cross. "This," says Bucky, sounding a little choked up, "Is the best day of my entire goddamn life.""You fucking asshole,” Steve pants. The cow died, unsurprisingly, during the melee, when it finally decided to take cover elsewhere, which distracted the men from the general carnage and bloodletting. Luckily for Jones, however, the cow was very fat, and it ran very, very slowly. The challenge after that was keeping the Germans away from it. But they did. And now they have two dozen dead Nazis and one huge dead cow. Mournfully Steve recalls reading about the Christmas truce of 1914. If he’s being honest, though, he really, really wouldn’t have 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Howling Commandos
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
untimely off-screen animal death
Actual New Yorker Steve Rogers
Actual New Yorker James Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Howling Commandos
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

