Chapter 1: Late Night Munchies
    


Summary:

Clint and Bruce have the late night munchies, because Bruce forgets to eat and Clint just enjoys cereal whenever he damn well pleases.





Chapter Text
To say that Bruce Banner is not especially gifted at small talk is an understatement at best.  At worst, it’s like saying that he has a small anger problem.  He’s still pretty rattled at being tracked down in Brazil when he walks nervously into the very first meeting.  The Avenger’s Initiative, they’d told him.  They hadn’t told him a lot, really.  Honestly, he’s surprised he’s not being escorted in with two armed guards and handcuffs, or worse, a strait jacket.  Sure, he’s been vaguely debriefed on what the situation is, why they tracked him down in the first place.  Knowing even that much doesn’t help shake the feeling that at any moment, SHIELD could decide he’s too much of a liability and have him taken off the team.  And from that point, who knows what they’d decide to do with him?  Better that he try to make the best of this team situation.Oh, right.  Team.  Meaning teammates.  Meaning Bruce is going to be expected to talk to these people.  Even before...before the Hulk...he was never any good at social interaction.  The next thing he notices is that the room is too warm, so he takes off his brown jacket and rolls his shirt sleeves up to his elbows.  He willfully ignores the fact that, in this form at least, he looks to be the only team member without biceps that could bench press a Volkswagen.Bruce winces inwardly when Stark comes over to shake his hand.  On a purely scientific level, Bruce knows that he’s touched worse things than Tony Stark’s hand.  Well, probably.“Dr. Banner. Your work is unparalleled. And I'm a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster.”“Thanks,” he manages to say without looking directly in Tony’s eyes.Tony’s glib little remark, however probably meant to cut tension rather than escalate it, only serves to put him further on edge.  After that, Bruce spends a lot of the meeting using the high backed chair as a sort of body shield.  The special ops team members likely know enough about body language to realize that Bruce is practically radiating ‘please leave me alone.’He’s almost glad that Iron Man and Captain America spend almost the whole time having a pissing contest.“Big man in a suit of armor. Take that away and what are you?”“Uh, genius billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.”Bruce isn’t quite sure who won that round, but he thinks that Stark likely enjoyed it more than the Captain did.And it’s almost a relief when no one expects him to talk, just to pay attention.  That’s just fine with Bruce; he’s great at paying attention.  Although, let’s be fair, Nick Fury is pretty impossible not to pay attention to when he calls a meeting to order.Okay, maybe Stark isn’t paying so much attention as he is glaring at Steve Rogers, but you get the point.  Between the  Captain and Stark butting heads, Thor making light-hearted comments about how he will ‘smite villains in battle’, and the Black Widow and Hawkeye exchanging glances that could very well be anything from mild irritation to some elaborate spy code made up of blinks and twitches, Bruce feels extremely out of place.  Not that he had expected to feel otherwise.At the end, the team disperses like a bunch of magnets repelling each other.  And then they fight.Against each other.  Against Loki.  Against monsters Bruce never could have imagined.It’s terrifying, and if he didn’t spend every waking moment terrifying himself, he doubts he could have lived through it.When the most imminent threats have been dealt with, the Avengers recuperate in Stark Tower.  This means that Bruce hides in a lab that has been designated as his for the time being.  He guesses that he has been given it more out of the fact that the Tower likely contains a plethora of labs, rather than the fact that Bruce needs a lab just to be able to function as a human being.  Stark hasn’t talked science with him beyond things Hulk-related.  It makes sense, Bruce supposes.  Hulk is the one they wanted.  Hulk is the one capable of bringing down an army.  Bruce is just along for the ride, taking up space, though not very much of it in this form.He thinks it’s kind of odd, too, that he’s fought alongside these people, these Avengers, and yet they still look at him so...warily.  And for once, he’s not the most dangerous person in the room when they are all gathered together.  Perhaps he’s still the most volatile, but not the strongest fighter by any means.  Together, he doesn’t doubt that the rest of the Avengers could take him down, even without Clint’s sedative-tipped arrows.  Still, he’s noticed from the security tapes that on the battlefield, they don’t seem wary.  As Hulk, the change has already been wrought.  But as Bruce Banner, well, he’s potential energy.  Unstable, danger waiting to be unleashed.It’s all very depressing, which is b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Road Trips
Late Night Conversations
Protectiveness
Flirting
Pining
First Date
Dating

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

