Chapter 1: Prologue: Infinity
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“We just crossed the threshold.”“Steve?” But all that remained was the shield surrounded by ashes.
 Time. Space. Reality. 
“Better hurry. Timeline’s already branching.”“Up, General. Up! This is no place to die.” The hand reaching out into the air.
 It’s more than a linear path. 
“This is bigger than our experience.”“I am Groot...” Helplessly watching as the only family -
 Some heroes will rise, others will fall. 
“The cost of getting this wrong is too great.”“Sam? Sam!? Where you at -” And friends disintegrating into nothingness.
 And nothing will be the same. 
“See you soon.” “Something is happening.”He barely heard Mantis because he too felt something had gone terribly wrong. The sharp sensation that jolted his body was too familiar. He widened his eyes and stared at his mentor in absolute fear. He knew exactly what his senses were screaming at him for. “Mr. Stark,” gasped Peter, earning everyone’s attention.Tony was looking at him, eyes concerned. “You’re all right.”No. He wasn’t. “No -”Peter stumbled and tripped over but luckily was saved by Tony before hitting the foreign terrain. But none of this mattered. Peter clung to Tony’s arms as if his life depended on it. “I don’t know what’s – I don’t know what’s happening. I don’t –”“Kid -”The pain matched the scar in the depth of his memories. Just like that freezing December night, this was not his end but might as well be given what would inevitably follow. “No - Please don’t go. Please -”“Peter.”The calm voice snapped him out of his frantic mumbles. As Peter looked up, Tony’s eyes were all too accepting of this cruel fate.  “It’s alright.”“No - Mr. Stark. Please don’t go -” Peter stopped at the sudden loss of weight. It was too late. He couldn’t save someone important to him. Again. “I’m sorry.”And then, nothing but ashes.“He did it.”Peter didn’t have to turn back to know. He would never be able to forget this distinct smell of dust. His senses had since calmed down and now kept him in numbing silence. The hollowness of guilt and grief. The reason he became Spider-Man. And yet.He lost again.
 Follow me and ponder the question…





Notes:

What if the other half were dusted?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Identity Reveal
BAMF Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

