Work Text:
The pressure between his ribs opens like a strongbox. If there is something precious hidden inside, kept away from prying eyes and the dirt and the ice hardening beneath Tony's fingernails, he does not know it. There's an image in his mind that he can't shake out — a nine-pointed flower, black and purple as a bruise. It opens and spreads outwards, balancing on the tip of one finger. He stares at it, and then looks down to find himself holding it. An itch develops behind one eye, and it spreads further, burrowing deep into his head. There's something important, he thinks, and the conviction hits him between the ribs, but he doesn't know what it is. He doesn't know what's important out here, where he's sitting in the snow and the stone, with the pillars of dead warriors watching him with solemn, serene faces.A man is trudging towards him, forcing a path through the snow. The man is tall and blond, dressed in drab brown. He's handsome in a way that makes Tony ache, but then it makes him afraid, because there's something wrong with this. He can't name what it is, but this is not as it should be. This is an equation with the wrong variable, it's a design with the wrong dimensions.Tony has a knife in his pocket, flat and cold against his palm when he draws it. "Don't come any closer!" he says as the man approaches. The nine-pointed flower falls from his finger and dissolves like a bloodstain."Tony," the man says hoarsely. "We've been looking for you. Come back. Our camp's not far."Tony brandishes the knife more wildly. "I have no idea what the fuck you're talking about, or who the fuck you are.""It's all right," the man says. He takes a step closer, trying to be non-threatening, but he's tall and strong. Tony can see that much. Tony grips the knife with his freezing hands, and the man falls back. He looks miserable, and his voice says so when he speaks again. "Tony," he says, "Tony, you've got to trust me. I'm your friend. I'm here to help you. I'm Steve.""I don't know you," Tony says.  
  
Earlier
 Steve has a date."Good for you, Cap," Tony says, and he turns around to study the very intriguing patterns of the olive frieze wallpaper in the living room. It's a new paper, it's great — even though it gives him some sort of Victorian psychosexual headache. When he turns around again, Steve is watching him with an openly curious expression."It is good," he says. "I like her a lot.""You don't even know her," Tony feels compelled to point out."Maybe," Steve says, "but when has that ever stopped you?""Point," Tony says, and his mouth crooks upward in a smile. "But come on, hasn't Fury warned you against making me your role model? You should wonder what would Tony do and then you should run to do the exact opposite." He opens his arms in a magnanimous gesture, Tony Stark on top of the world, and he grins brightly at Steve. "But since you have come to me, my first executive decision is getting you out of those jeans."Steve looks down. "What's wrong with these jeans?""They're baggy.""No, they're not," Steve says. "They're normal."Tony holds up a finger. "No." Steve opens his mouth to protest, but Tony cuts him off. "No," he says. "Tight jeans, a nice top, maybe a vest, some hair gel. Hey, wear whatever you want in your off time. I know I do. But this is date land, it's got different rules, and you don't have the excuse of being an eccentric billionaire playboy who really likes his sweatpants.""I'm pretty sure Ashley isn't trying to go on a date with a... with a rent boy," Steve says, and then looks embarrassed and dismayed. He shifts his weight from one foot to another, before changing his mind and shifting back.Tony smirks at him. "Rent boy? Really? Then what do you call half the guys wandering around SoHo?"Steve rolls his eyes. "I just want some small bits of advice. What's a good restaurant? What are some movies we should watch? The rest of it..." He shrugs. "I'm not completely clueless, you know.""How many dates have you gone on before?" Tony asks, smug."Three and a half," Steve says. Tony looks at him sideways, and Steve raises his hands in protest. "Two were double dates with Bucky, and another was with a girl from art class!""And the half?"Steve's eyes dim. "Peggy."Shit, Tony thinks, and he employs immediate emergency measures to drag this conversation back before it'll implode. Steve misses Peggy Carter — Steve will probably always miss Peggy Carter, with a sharpness like an electrical burn. Tony whips out his phone and starts scrolling through his contacts. "Right. Leave it to me. I'll be your maharajah of love. I'll pick out a good film and make dinner reservations. Relax."Steve's smile is real this time, a brilliant wedge of teeth and mouth, mixed in with gratitude and relief, because this is hard for him, all these new world rituals — and forget what anyone says about dates being fun, for someone like Steve, dates are going to be more stressful than trying to diffuse a bomb at a cocktail party. At lea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Sif

freeform: 
Amnesia

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Sif

