Work Text:
19270 AVENGERS TOWER
NEW YORK, NEW YORK
1900 HOURS
12 MAY 2017
 
It all started the day Natasha was looking for a shirt in Tony’s drawers. It was a well known fact amongst people who knew Natasha that she was a thief but the Avengers didn’t mind. Natasha’s brand of thievery involved stealing something that smelled of someone she trusted and wearing while she curled up and watched netflix. Due to the experiments practiced on her during her time in the Red Room and KGB, Natasha’s sense of smell was enhanced. When she felt agitated or just needed a little comfort she tended to gravitate towards the scents of her ‘pack’. That day she was closest to Tony’s clothes when she had her flashback, a PTSD onslaught that left her exhausted and fighting off a panic attack. What had triggered it? The smell of the flowery perfume Pepper had been wearing.
 
Natasha hated it. She hated feeling vulnerable and hated showing weakness so she marched into Tony’s room to grab a shirt and cuddle down to watch Monsters Inc. But before she got that far she found something in the back of Tony’s shirt drawer, tucked under a little spring-loaded false bottom that hadn’t shut all the way.
 
Natasha wasn’t a spy for nothing and her curiosity was piqued. She grabbed the object and examined it with slight surprise. It was a worn leather journal with a fountain pen tucked in the binding. She flipped it open carefully to the first entry and read.
 

October 14th, 2016


 


This is stupid. Fucking therapists. So here I am writing my feelings down on paper instead of my StarkPad because damned if anyone manages to hack into that and read this shit.


Feelings. Look, I know I’m in deep shit, okay? I know that. I also know it’s all my fault. I mean, it isn’t like polyamory doesn’t exist, right? But that’s only like three people, four tops. Of course I had to go and fall in love with six damn people.


First it was just Steve and I could deal with that. Then Natasha reared her ginger mane and of course Clint came with her because they’re practically joined at the hip. But then Thor and Jane broke it off and he’s just so great and hello have you seen him shirtless? Fuck. But it didn’t stop there- Bruce’s mind caught my attention and he’s too cute not to love and then Bucky happened and now I’m fucked and not in the fun way.


I thought it was a fluke. It’s been two years. It’s not a fluke.


There, happy? I fucking admitted it. I am in love with the Avengers and that’s not even the kicker- they don’t know I exist.


Well, of course they know I exist but not in the way I-


You know what? Suffice it to say that I exist as a friend and a mechanic but not someone to be appreciated or to hold in the night or to fuck into the mattress, if the case may be.


Fuck. I’m so fucking screwed.

 
Natasha carefully shut the journal and replaced it exactly where she found it, taking the original shirt and slipping it over her head before leaving the room in a trance-like state.
 
How had she missed this? Tony was in love- not just crushing or lusting after but in love with them. ALL of them. Working on autopilot she had JARVIS pop some popcorn for her and curled up on the couch to watch her movie. But she didn’t see any of it, too busy hatching her plan. If Tony felt he was underappreciated, well, she would do anything she could to change that. She began immediately after the movie ended, heading up to the penthouse nest to talk to Clint.
 

PHASE ONE

 
It was almost a week later when Natasha finally decided to enact phase one of her master plan. The other Avengers were out, it was just Clint, Tony, and her in the tower now and Tony was in his labs as per the norm. Clint had invited her into the vents and showed her the route that led straight to them and they had decided to use that entrance instead of the main doors. No use walking around naked, even if everyone else was gone.
 
She couldn’t help the smile on her face, it was equal parts devious and excited. Clint picked up on her energy and smiled back at her before climbing into the vents first, giving her a fantastic view of the medium sized anal plug he already had in his ass. They crawled silently through the aluminum vent shafts and slipped the grate in Tony’s workshop off easily and dropped inside. Tony was blaring Metallica’s Iron Man and singing along, dancing badly as he hammered out the dents in a shoulder plate of the MARK XLVIII. Natasha and Clint exchanged amused and fond looks and began their plan. Clint bent over a table in Tony’s line of sight and Nat kneeled behind him, uncapping the small tube of lube she had in her fist and getting to work.
 
Clint moaned softly as she slowly loosened his ass, pushing her fingers inside next to the plug and coating everything liberally with lube. She nipped the back of his thigh and curled her pointer finger just right and Clint screamed, the heat and pleasure washing through him. Apparently the scream was loud enough to catch Tony’s attention b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Actually there is a little plot
Rimming
Light BDSM
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Threesome
Tony Stark-centric

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

