Chapter 1: Gotta Get Back In Time
    




Chapter Text
“And I am Iron Man.”
A snap. 
Then pain. 
Tony had expected the pain, knew the moment he came up with this plan that it was the end for him. But he knew it was the only way to keep Thanos from doing further damage. It was the only way to save his kids. 
He fell to the ground, Rhodey helping prop him up. He wanted to thank his oldest friend but the words wouldn’t come. He was too far gone. It wouldn’t be much longer now. 
Suddenly, the Spiderling was there. His Platypus was there. And finally, Pepper. His wife. The mother of one of his children. 
Almost his whole family. Happy had luckily avoided the disaster that was the battlefield, staying at the cabin making sure Morgan was safe. And Harley. 
He’d been snapped away too. Tony had checked once he’d recovered from his weeks on the ship. Both of his sons gone. 
But, in a way, they’d live on. Morgan grew up on stories of her brothers. Some nights it was Spider-Man. Other nights it was Peter. And still others it was Harley. As long as Tony lived, they lived on. 
And now they were there. Really, truly alive. 
Underoos was there now. Tony had only gotten a quick reunion with the child he’d mourned for five years. But Peter would have plenty of years ahead of him now. Tony wished he could be there to see the day that this brilliant kid from Queens became the best of all of them. 
Or the day he met Harley. It had never quite worked out schedule-wise, plus there was the whole Tony denying his feelings thing. 
Pepper was there too. Telling him he could rest. That they would be okay. Peter echoed it. Rhodey gave him a reassuring nod. 
Tony was so tired. His kids were alive and safe. He’d done it. He’d changed the universe to save his kids. 
His vision was fading and so were the sounds of the battlefield. It was over. 
Tony Stark had earned his rest. ~~~It was hot. That was Tony’s first observation. The second was that there was a weight on his chest that made it hard to breathe. Wait.He was breathing. Opening his eyes, he was met with a clear blue sky. There were minimal clouds. And sand. A lot of sand. What. The. Hell. Looking around, he was in the desert and if he wasn’t mistaken, the remains of the first Iron Man suit lay in the sand around him. 
Protect us, Anthony. Protect your family. Stop the Titan. They will help you. 
A small chorus of voices sounded and Tony looked around for the source, but there was none. What did it mean? Stop the Titan? He’d stopped Thanos. Watched him disappear into nothing more than dust. It was the literal last thing he did. But, if he was back here, it meant he was at the literal beginning. Thanos was out there. Loki, the Ten Rings, Killian, Vanko, Secretary Ross. Everything he’d spent the last fifteen years doing was gone. His family was gone. Pepper was his PA in this time. Sure, they’d been flirting a bit before he went on this extended vacation but they wouldn’t get serious for another six months. A far cry from his wife of five years and mother of his child. Harley and Peter were around, neither were the boys he knew. And Morgan, his princess, the one thing that probably managed to keep him alive long enough to save her brothers, she’d never been born. “WHY!” Tony finally stood, eyes at the sky. “Why did you send me here! I was done! He was gone! They were safe!!” He drops to his knees, narrowly avoiding random pieces of his first attempt at his infamous suit. 
“The cost. It was too high. The damage is too great. The universe was too badly fractured. You proved you were able to protect them and us. Save the universe before it cracks again.”
Tony paused. “I can stop it?”
“You can. Good luck, Anthony. The Universe needs you to be their Champion.” 
For some reason, Tony knew he would not get an answer if he asked another question. Getting up, he looked around. Best he can remember from this, he wandered East.So, that’s what he’ll do now. And use the time he’s in the desert to figure out what the hell he’s going to do. Sleeping for a week honestly felt like a great idea. Between inventing time travel, the time heist, having to deal with emotions related to Howard, getting Peter back, the final battle, dying, and suddenly ending up 16 years in the past it would be a well-earned one. But first, he had to get home. And for the life of him, he couldn’t remember how long he’d been here. It was a bit. He’d been sunburnt when Rhodey found him. So he wandered the desert. It gave him far too much time in his own thoughts. But finally, FINALLY, he heard the sound of a helicopter. And it came into sight, still at a distance but that didn’t stop Tony from already waving his arms, grinning wider than he had in years. The bird got closer and closer and started to land. Just like he had before, he fell to his knees in relief. The first person out was Rhodey. His Honey Bear, Platypus, is one of the very few people to put up with his bullshit for any length of time. Tony wasn’t sure if it was a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Time Travel Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel
Civil War Team Iron Man
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Iron Man 1
Protective Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Sentient Infinity Stones (Marvel)
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Irondad
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Tony Stark Calls Peter Parker Roo
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Happy Hogan
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
Harley Keener & Peter Parker are Siblings
Harley Keener is a Good Bro
Day At The Beach
Disney World & Disneyland
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Protective Ned Leeds

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

