Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Today’s one of those days where Steve Rogers wishes he could pick these sorts of things.The erection between his legs isn’t what wakes him up, though it’s pained and straining from beneath his pajama pants and probably would’ve gotten to him eventually. Rather, it’s the slight and steady coiling in his belly from the heat pooling there that does it – a biological reaction that he can control about as much as his heart beating. He’s been triggered, body before mind, and that’s the only reason he’s startled awake before his alarm’s set to go off. It’s a pain in the ass when this happens.It’s never an overly peaceful way of waking up, either. Sort of feels like you’ve just been given a heavy shove back into consciousness, where your eyes fly open with a sharp inhale and you’re going tense all over. Alert. On guard and disoriented. Then the endorphins and the arousal catch up with him seconds later, and the first thing Steve thinks is that he doesn’t know why his body’s doing this, but he’s horny as sin. God damnit.Then the sound of Sam having a one-sided argument from the living room reaches his ears, and it quickly makes sense. Groaning, Steve buries his face deeper into his pillow, hoping whatever conversation his friend is having will soon be over. He must be on the phone. From what Steve’s catching, it’s probably with his boss. They’re best friends – they talk a lot – so Steve can already guess what it’s about. Sam’s been getting dicked around quite a bit lately by one of his managers, and at Steve’s encouragement, sounds like he’s finally standing up for himself.Steve just wishes he wasn’t using that tone of voice right now. Stern… Aggressive… Controlled, even in his anger. Sam rarely gets like this because he’s such a peaceful, kind man by nature – so when he does, it’s impossible for Steve’s body not to respond to it, even if his mind remains unaffected. It’s not like he reacts this way with all Dom(me)s; not like, if he walks down the street and some asshole starts talking a certain way, Steve’s automatically getting the desire to drop to his knees and yield for them.It’s only because he knows Sam, trusts him… Hell, if it weren’t for the fact that they’ve been friends for so long that the way they feel about each other would never cross the boundary beyond platonic, Steve might’ve even considered Sam to be the type of Dom he’d want in his life. Friendly, trustworthy, not too extreme – wouldn’t try to go forcing Steve to be someone he isn’t, or do anything he didn’t want to do.Not that he even wants one these days, mind you. He’s perfectly happy alone; in fact, he prefers it. If he’s not in a relationship period then there’s never the risk of getting your heart broken (or your body, battered…). The last time he willingly became someone’s submissive, he got more than his fill to last him a lifetime. The day he finally got out of that relationship – going on six years this August, actually; wow, has it really been that long? – was the day he decided that he’d sooner be damned than ever accept a collar from someone again.
No thanks.
By the grace of god, he can hear the phone call in the living room coming to an end. Steve glances to his clock and resigns with himself to get up, even though he doesn’t really have to for another half hour. He’s the type of person that once he’s up, he’s up. So he pulls the covers off and focuses on one task at a time – in this case: get out of bed, grab things for a shower, shower,and so on and so forth.This way, by keeping focused, he can ignore the dull buzzing still making his body feel like it’s pulsing all the way down to his toes. It’s a nuisance sometimes when this sort of thing happens, but by no means the end of the world. Just gotta reclaim that mind over matter mantra and not pay it any attention. Steve’s become quite the master at willing away that automatic feeling of desire whenever his body gets triggered.Crawling out of bed, he grabs a clean towel and wraps it over his shoulders. Scratching the back of his head lazily, he plucks up his glasses from his night table and shoves them onto the bridge of his nose. After that, he does what he always does every day when he gets up, and takes his two morning puffs from his inhaler. Then he heads to the door and stills. He listens carefully for the quiet now filling the apartment and, judging the coast to be clear, opens his bedroom door and pads out into the hallway.Sam’s sitting on the couch, watching TV. When Steve walks into view, he glances up to him and offers an apologetic smile. “Sorry man, I didn’t wake you, did I?” he asks. It’s a rhetorical question and he’s got to know it. He hadn’t exactly kept it down, even if he hadn’t meant to wake Steve up either.Steve shrugs, returning the half-smile. “How’d it go with the boss man?”“Well. I think I got my point across, so… hopefully they stop booking me on my days off. Swear to God, man, I’m certain that they were singling me out. Like, I’m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-WS looking Bucky
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Dom/sub
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Reference to M/M/F Threesome in First Chapter
Minor References to Past Violence
past sexual trauma
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Switching
Eventual Powerbottom Bucky
Trust Issues
Bad first impression
Strangers to Lovers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Protective Bucky Barnes
gentle dom Bucky
Safe Sane and Consensual
Fluff and Angst
Comfort/Angst
Sexual Tension
Bucky Has To Fight For Steve
And Prove Himself
Cause Steve Has A LOT of Trust Issues
Specific Relevant Tags Will Be Added To The Beginning of Every Chapter

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

