Work Text:
 
 
 
 
 

“You must only observe, and hinder yourself from interacting with anyone in his mind lest you and he forget this existent.”


“A part of yourself will be planted inside his mind.”


“As you stay longer, the both of you will eventually cease to exist.”

 
 
 



Thor wants to scoff at the three Norns who cannot stop prattling incredulous words at him. Why would he want to stay longer inside a deranged mind? Though he loves his brother, this Loki is not the brother he knew, thus he has no affection towards this Loki. He is a wicked monster whose existence only brings disaster and chaos into peoples’ lives. This Loki was not the boy who used to sneak into his bed in the middle of the night, who caused mischief for the fun of it and who had sometimes offered a tender smile that had belonged only to Thor. 
His beloved brother had died in the abyss. For many years Thor had blamed himself for all the pain and sadness that he had inflicted on Loki. He had ached for him, mourned for him with such profoundness that the moment he realized there was nothing left of his Loki in this monster, Thor had almost wanted to throw himself into the abyss and, perhaps, find his Loki in there; because this violent monster could never be his brother.
This monster wears his Loki’s face, and Thor is prepared to ride into his head, seek his downfall and put an end to his life.
“I have heard all your warnings. Now prepare me for the journey.”
Thor cannot remember exactly how he gets there, but he is aware that he is no longer in the real word and this is Loki’s mind, inside the monster’s lair. His gaze falls on high golden pillars and golden floors and he is momentarily surprised to find himself back in Asgard. Thor rolls his eyes. Of course Loki would think of Asgard. Perhaps he shall find Loki gloating on Hlidskjalf at this very moment. Thor sneers at that thought.
The palace looks exactly like the one Thor left behind. There is the occasional appearance of servants and guards and Thor is grudgingly impressed by how precise and defined Loki’s mind of Asgard is; and how enchantingly bright it stands, even the real Asgard is not as lively as this. Thor was expecting darkness and violence but this is an unexpected revelation. Thor imagines that this is how Asgard shall look in the height of its Golden Age.
Does Loki think he is the key to the prosperity of Asgard, that he is the one to lead the Aesir to their opulent livelihood?
Perhaps his Loki would think that way, but not the mind of a monster.
“I will not repeat myself so I will tell you just this once, you are a wise King.”
Thor turns his head to Loki’s voice and there he sees Loki and himself walking next to each other along the golden corridor. Thor is astonished to see his other golden self, looking so regal and beautiful, and Loki— his Loki – appearing so incredibly stunning and lovely at his side.
Thor watches himself laughing brightly as he slings his arm around Loki’s shoulders. “And I shall tell you always how pleasantly charming you are.”
A small tender smile, the kind of smile that Thor had been longing for from his brother for so long, graces Loki’s lips. He is almost envious of his other self for managing to accomplish such feat but his mind immediately catches on to the scene that is happening in front of him.
The fact that he sees himself as the King of Asgard and Loki perceives him as wise, it is a startling revelation to witness in Loki’s mind. Thor quickly reminds himself that this is not his Loki but a monster’s mind and perhaps this is simply a trick.
Thor turns his gaze away as he feels revulsion at such treachery. The moment his gaze falls to the ground he sees green grass and feels the light breeze whispering over his skin. He raises his head and finds himself in the garden. Sitting on the bench is Loki, looking genuinely peaceful with the world and Thor feels his heart throb painfully again. How long has it been since the last time he witnessed such look from him? Thor keeps aching for this Loki, always missing him since the fall.
He watches as Loki hums to himself and raises his right hand to lay it on his stomach. Thor almost gasps in surprise when he realizes that Loki is swollen with child. Who is the other father of the child? He wonders. His eyes linger on Loki’s profile, trying to figure out if perhaps he has stumbled into a memory. He is aware of his brother’s other children, though he’d never had the opportunity to meet them properly, just a glimpse of them on one of those rare occasions, except for Sleipnir.
Thor turns away from the scene, disappointed with himself so far because this is not the purpose of his journey.
Just as he feels the change of his surroundings, he hears the voice of his other self in the vicinity, “So this is where you have been all this time? I miss you and our child.”

Our child?

Thor immediately turns to look back at the scene, to see if that is really his other self saying that to Loki, but there is n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki

freeform: 
Slash
Sex
Pseudo-Incest
Blood
Gore
Self-Harm
Mind-Fucking
Mind Travel
Inception - Freeform
Thor is not Mr. Charles
Mpreg

fandom: 
Thor/Loki

