Work Text:
Clint isn't thinking of much, in that moment, other than the fact that there are four Ice Giants bearing down on him at speeds that make them blur faintly. It's pure instinct, really, no space for thought, consideration -- no time, either. He does the one thing he thinks--hopes--will keep him alive; he turns, sprints along the roof, trusts, like he has never allowed himself to trust anything (anyone) before in his life, and leaps out into empty space.He twists in mid-air, three arrows leaving his bow in the space of a second, a fourth nocked as he lets himself notice his surroundings for the first time. Floors scream past, the first third of the journey to reacquaint himself with the asphalt gone by in a flash; he re-focuses and lets the fourth arrow fly, adds another body to the other three following him down in free-fall. He's done for now, mission accomplished, nothing more to do but wait and hope someone has his back; that someone will, for once, prove him wrong on the whole 'trust is for idiots' issue.He notices with a detached sense of wonder that the fires below are tinging the air a pretty golden-pink, sending plumes of smoke towards the cloudless sky. Past the half-way point of the fall, he also notices a long banner running between two floors, cutting the building in half; if he twists just so and reaches out, there's still half a meter between his fingers and the edge of it that he's helpless to navigate, not without leverage. There goes the banner, and Clint's hopes of saving himself with it. He wants to scream with frustration, but he figures it's pretty pointless -- no one to hear him, anyway. His comm is long lost somewhere back on the roof, after one of those sentient lumps of ice had smacked him over the back of the head, knocking it right off and sending him into a spin that left him dizzy. He closes his eyes, feels the breeze rush by his face, thinks of all the things he's done, all the people in his life that he never expected, never imagined he'd have, and hopes that they won't make a fool out of him for his leap of faith.Two-thirds of the way down now. He can't even tell them anything, no comm means no mic means no last words, nothing but a thought sent out into the aether, that he hopes they're okay, that it's not their fault that they didn't come for him, didn't see. It's not about him; this whole thing is so much bigger than all of them, especially the least important member of the team. He just hopes they won't take it too hard, in the end. He hopes it won't kill Phil, when he finds out. He wishes he'd said something, before; wishes he hadn't been such a coward, that he'd told Phil what he was coming to mean to him, slowly, day after day. But perhaps it's better this way? At least Phil won't have the weight of it pinning him down on top of the guilt.Thirty feet to go. "Sorry, babe," he whispers to the air. He closes his eyes.Strong, unyielding metal wraps around his waist; gravity hates to let him go, tries to hold fast before he's yanked out of free-fall and lifted away, a different kind of rush in his ears."What's the matter with you? Is your comm broken, couldn't you hear me shouting?"Clint turns his head, looking at the side of the Iron Man mask. "Lost it on the roof," he yells, to be heard over the sounds of gunfire and explosions.Iron Man turns to look at him, inscrutable. "So you didn't know I was coming?" he says through the speakers in the suit, all inflection lost to the booms of grenades going off behind them.Clint shrugs; it's difficult to do, his back plastered to the armour as it is, but he thinks Iron Man gets the gist."Oh, man," Iron Man rumbles, manhandling Clint until he's got one foot braced on top of the armour, turned around enough to grab hold of Iron Man's shoulder for balance. "Don't ever do that again, Hawkeye. I think I lost hearing in one ear from Black Widow's and Cap's yelling."Clint winces, thinking of what he's going to find on the ground if all of them do live through this thing. "They'll get over it. I did what I had to do."Iron Man snorts. "Uh-huh. Tell Coulson that. I'm pretty sure he had a heart attack when you jumped, never heard him sound so pissed, not even that time when he thought I'd--fuck, I'll tell you later. Heads-up, I'm dropping you off here. Three headed your way, I'll take care of the two at the back, then I gotta go blow up that ship. You good?""Yeah, peachy," Clint says, trying not to wince even harder. Fuck, he's gonna be in for it tonight -- if there's still a planet left by then. "Drop me.""Don't die," Iron Man says cheerfully, and lets go. Clint hits the roof of another building with a crunch of gravel and rolls, comes up aiming. One crisis at a time.---He aches everywhere. The muscles in his arms are actually sore from all the shooting; he's lost count of how many arrows he let fly today. The Avengers are sacked out in Tony's living room, each of them sprawled over a couch or a chair; Clint called dibs on the beanbag
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
D/s
Bondage
Trust
Subspace
Fluff
Object Insertion

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

