Chapter 1: A beautiful mind
    


Notes:
Like many other writers, I have absolutely fallen in love with this ship from the moment brooding Druig said 'my beautiful, beautiful Makkari,' so now I'm here, writing a fic about how they met and grew close to one another because I need to fill the void these two left in me. Anyways, this should be a longish fic that will have smut at some point seeing as it's a slowburn. 
Anyways, I hope you like this first chapter.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
5000 BC Mesopotamia

Druig stood tall, hands clasped behind his back, chin raised high as he looked at the screen before him.
Arishem gave him his first mission two hundred years ago. It was an honour to carry out the will of the Grand Celestial. All Eternals wanted to be part of the fight against deviants. His people dedicated their lives to being thinkers or fighters, and he was no exception. He spent his entire life training for this moment. He couldn't believe that he was here, finally. As for himself, he is a thinker. His role was to be part of the group's brains to build a solid foundation so the fighters could do their part.
For the longest time, he felt such pride until he woke up from his long sleep, feeling like they had hit him with a bag full of rocks. Even his damn bones felt like they would crack at the slightest stretch.
Olympia was roughly twenty thousand jumps away from earth. It would be suicide to do those jumps in one go. Therefore, they had to make them slowly. It took two hundred years to reach earth. Thankfully, he had been asleep through all of it. Time was meaningless to them. A hundred years was a mere blink, but spending all that time confined to a small ship was pushing it. He also had not met the other Eternals assigned to this mission. He was unsure if he would get along with them. He wasn't the easiest person to get along with- so he was told. Spending two hundred years unable to avoid someone he disliked would have been a nightmare. Thankfully, they had placed his body in a comatose state before he boarded the Domo. Still, it felt strange that he didn't know any of his fellow companions. This mission could last thousands of years, and all he had of his planet were nine strangers. Well, not all of them were strangers. He knew the Prime Eternal Ajak, the leader of their mission. She had been his mentor from a young age, like every other Eternal. As for the others, he'd heard stories about some of them.
Thena, Ikaris, Phastos and Gilgamesh were revered names back home. He'd never seen them in action, but standing within the safety of the Domo, watching the battle before them, he understood why they were so respected.
The ease with which Ikaris flew around and used his cosmic beams to cut the deviants was impressive. The way Gilgamesh forced back deviants ten times his size was no mere feat. And the way Thena used her spear and shield like they were her own hands was a sight to behold. Even he could not deny how skilled they were.
"They're having all the fun," the girl Sprite muttered.
Phastos gave out a quick snort.
"Fun, right..." he drawled, "getting their hands dirty is more like it. I would rather be here. Thank you very much!"
Druig remained quiet as he focused on the humans beneath them, completely unaware of the invisible spaceship hovering above them.
He honestly didn't know what to think of them from what he read. He knew humans were a primitive race that had yet to invent the wheel. To think that he was going from a technologically advanced planet to a piece of rock. He'd be lying if he said it didn't unnerve him a little. This was the nature of their mission, to save the intelligent race from the deviants.
Ikaris used his cosmic beams to cut the last deviant before punching it to the ocean. The humans did not seem thankful as they raised their spears at the people who saved them.
Druig rolled his shoulders.

Right, this is where I come in.

Phastos seemed to read his mind as he lowered the Domo and turned it visible. Humans stared at the ship, their eyes wide as they saw something their primitive minds couldn't comprehend.
Slowly, the Domo neared the cliff where the battle had taken place. Once he deemed they were close enough, Phastos waved his hand, and the entrance of the Domo parted open. Druig smirked a little. Phastos could have easily landed the ship, but he kept it hovering and used his cosmic devices to levitate them to the earth's surface. First impressions were important, after all.
Their arrival seemed too much for the humans as they fully raised their sticks and pointed them at them. Druig held back an eye roll as he raised his hand and allowed his telepathic powers to open his mind to the humans for the first time. He instantly regretted it.
Hundreds of thoughts, all speaking at once, flooded his conscience. It took every ounce of his training not to keel over. Keeping his expression schooled into an impassive o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Druig/Makkari (Marvel)
Ikaris/Sersi (Marvel)
Azura | Thena/Gilgamesh (Marvel)
Sersi/Dane Whitman
Phastos/Ben Stoss

freeform: 
Romance
Slow Burn
Eventual Smut
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
Telepathy
Headcanon
Canon Compliant
Falling In Love
Hidden Relationship
But Ajak knows
Ajak knows her children like the back of her hand
Canon-Typical Violence
Druig is difficult
But Makkari makes it all better
Friendship
Dorks in Love
Family Dynamics
Mutual Pining
Druig is an asshole
Meanwhile Makkari is a cinnamon bun
Hurt/Comfort
Smut
Druig Needs a Hug
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Druig/Makkari (Marvel)
Ikaris/Sersi (Marvel)
Azura | Thena/Gilgamesh (Marvel)
Sersi/Dane Whitman
Phastos/Ben Stoss

