Work Text:
Tony was two when he got lost for the first, but certainly not the last time. Howard and Maria had to attend a very important party and since Jarvis was sick they had brought Tony with them. Maria had a wide-eyed Tony in her arms and was carrying him around for the better part of the evening. Tony had never seen this many people or heard this much noise and everything was so bright and flashy and it was disorientating for him and so he clung to his mother’s dress, but when he did she frowned and removed his hands from it. At one point during the evening Maria had put him down and told him to stay where he was because she needed to go to the bathroom and of course Tony wandered off. Now that he was down on the ground everything looked different and the light wasn’t so bad down here and he walked around to look at everything. He realized that he had lost his mommy when the lights started to dim and the noise got more quiet with every step he took and he started to scream and wail like only a two-year-old could. Despite all of that he didn't stand still but he wandered on through the hallways of this very unfamiliar, dark and very big house. Even though some time had passed now no one came for him and his tears only got bigger. He dimly remembered that his mommy had told him to stand still and to not move if he ever got lost but it was dark in this hallway, he was scared and so he didn’t stop. Maybe he could find the light again. He turned left on the next corner, not knowing where he was and what he was supposed to do now, when he saw a man standing in front him. It was nearly completely dark in the hall now and the man didn't move and so Tony screamed only louder. The man made a sharp movement with his hand and some stray light caught on something shiny. Tony tuned his screaming down enough so that he could see what had cause the blink and he realized that the mans’ whole arm was shiny and silver and of course he started to walk towards it. Shiny silver things were his weakness.The man eyed him warily, that much he could see under all the hair and in the darkness, but when Tony got close enough to touch the man’s arm, he didn't pay attention to the man. That arm was so much more interesting. He latched onto the hand, holding it with all the strength a two-year-old could muster because the man tried to pull it away. "Mine" Tony said, still sniffling with a few tears running down his cheeks. "Shiny arm is mine" he repeated and used his second hand to hold the thumb while the other touched one finger after another just to make sure that they were all the same. Tony was watching the arm and not the man and so when he was suddenly crouching down next to him Tony was startled and he tried to hide behind the arm. The man didn't say anything, just looked at him and after a few seconds he stood back up and tried to pull his arm away again. Tony held on really tight and was dragged along the carpet, his feet making some noise when he wouldn’t lift them up and the man instantly stopped but Tony chuckled a bit. It wasn't quite enough to stop the few stray tears that were still running down his face but he had stopped crying out. The man wiggled his fingers and Tony felt the different parts of his hand move and he leaned forward to inspect the arm even more closely. He let go of the thumb so that he could run his little fingers over the underarm, because the palm was hidden under a glove, and he started to smile. It was shiny and it was smooth and looked a lot like the things his daddy worked with and he would keep this. "Mine now" he said again with all the determination a toddler could muster and the tears had finally stopped running down his face. The arm even made him forget that he was still lost. The man let out something of an annoyed growl and pulled his hand up in an attempt to get it back. Tony latched back onto it with both hands and as a result was pulled off the ground. He kicked his feet when he was lifted even higher and he let out an excited laugh while he clung to the arm. The man lifted him up until he was hanging right in front of his face and only now did Tony see that he was wearing a mask over his mouth. Tony carefully let go of the thumb again and the shiny hand curled around his tiny arm so that he wouldn't fall down. Tony knocked on the mask and tried to remove it because nobody wore masks but it was really tight and the man held him further away from his face so that Tony couldn't reach it anymore. He stared at Tony until he lowered him back to the ground but even when Tony’s feet hit the soft carpet and the man let go of his wrist he wouldn't let go of the hand. The man sighed and did something with his normal hand at the back of his head and then the mask came off and Tony watched in awe as it was lowered to his height. He tried to poke at it or grab it because he really wanted to check if it would fit him too but the man moved it so that his hand and the mask where hidden behind his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Issues
Memory Loss
First Meetings
child!Tony
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

