Chapter 1: apex (prostate stimulation)
    




Chapter Text
Surely there will come a time when Loki will learn that Thor’s ruthlessness easily rivals his own.
Today is not that day.
“I can’t!” Loki pants, struggling to draw enough breath for even those short words.
“You can,” Thor rumbles, ignoring Loki’s breathless protest. “You want. I can feel you’re still not satisfied.”
And damn him all to hell, he’s right. Already Loki’s barely banked arousal is flaring again, something so simple as Thor stroking his inner thigh enough to make his spine curve with want.
“Satisfied or not, I swear if you come anywhere near me with that cock of yours—” 
Loki means it. Thor has literally fucked him into tears for the better part of the evening, kept him stretched around the girth of his thick cock and riding a wave of gut-wrenching pleasure that has Loki still shaking with little tremors long after Thor finally deemed him sufficiently well-fucked. Loki’s greedy and treacherous body might not be satisfied, but he’s quite simply too sore to take his brother’s cock again.
“—then you would gladly spread your legs and beg for it.” Thor smiles wolfishly. “But I think seeing you shaking apart on nothing but my fingers will be more than enough to satisfy my own need.”
Thor slips in two fingers, breaching Loki easily where he’s already fucked open and swollen. Loki can feel each knuckle entering him, the rasp of them over sensitive skin sending a spike of sharp pleasure zinging up his spine. He arches into it without conscious thought, needing those fingers deeper inside of him and Thor gives it to him. He fucks Loki, shallow and slow, his eyes going hot when his own come leaks out of Loki, easing the way with lewd squelching sounds. It seems like every part of Thor slots inside Loki like he belongs there: fingers or cock, it doesn’t matter just as long as he fills Loki until there is nothing left for him to take.
Stroking him inside—firm little strokes against the sides of his prostate that make Loki shake with mindless pleasure—Thor skirts the fingers of his other hand over Loki’s abdomen, faint callouses rubbing across his skin. Searching, searching, taptaptap. Loki shivers helplessly, arse already quivering and tightening with the kind of pleasure that builds and builds until it leaves him wailing his pleasures until his throat is raw with it.
A sharp smile quirks Thor’s lips, knowing and proud. Loki would wipe it off his face if it weren’t so shamefully obvious how much he enjoys being fucked like this, taken like this, hips arching and arse throbbing in slow pulsing waves, breath rasping out of him in soundless gasps. And Thor loves it even more, arrogantly pleased with the knowledge that Loki’s pleasure is solely his to provide.
Loki’s whole body snaps tight like a bow when Thor’s questing fingers press down several inches below his navel, just above his cock. It feels like he’s coming out of his skin; too much, almost terrifyingly intense, and already Loki needs more. 
Loki has come on Thor’s fingers countless times, but it’s never—gods, it’s deep, so deep, warmth and pressure building in his gut until his thighs are shaking with it, until he’s strung tight on the brink of release and still the pleasure is building, burning him inside out.
“Don’t…” Loki gasps, but he doesn’t know what he’s asking for. He blinks, eyes wet with pleasure, and looks down his body. His cock is still soft, nestled into the dark, wet curls of his groin, but Loki can feel that he’s dripping, adding even more of a mess to all the come and sweat smeared all over his body. Thor is milking him inside with firm strokes to either side of his prostate and outside with two fingers massaging deeply into the tissue just above his cock, adding more pressure to that already oversensitive little knot. 
Loki’s eyes flick up to meet Thor’s. Thor’s gaze burns into him, eyes almost completely black with lust, like he’s starving to have Loki like this, any way he can.
Loki comes instantly, his face twisted into slack-mouthed surprise, a harsh groan ripping out of him. Every nerve in his body is shrieking. It feels like he’s coming and coming, like he can’t stop coming, strung tight on an a continuous crest of pleasure that utterly ruins him. 
Loki is dimly aware of the slap of skin against skin, the warm wash of come splashing over his limp cock and the sting of his hole as it spasms faintly around the heft of Thor’s fingers still nestled deep inside of him. He’ll care about in a minute, when his body has stopped thrumming with little sparks of pleasure.
“Turn over, love,” Thor murmurs, a rough throb in his voice. He curls his fingers inside Loki, punching the air out of Loki on a hoarse wail of shocked pleasure. “We’re only just beginning.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Prostate Massage
Prostate Milking
Coming Untouched
Age Difference
Anal Sex
Dirty Talk
Semi-Public Sex
Intersex Loki
Cunnilingus
Cat Loki
Dubious Consent
Watersports
Gangbang
Pegging
Breeding
First Kiss
returned from the dead

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

