Chapter 1: A Frightening Start Of A Bigger Monster
    


Notes:
DISCLAMIER: BEASTARS CHARACTERS BELONG TO PARU ITAGAKI AND LICENSED BY NETFLIX AND ORANGE STUDIOS! MARVEL CHARACTERS AND MCU BELONG TO MARVEL COMICS AND MARVEL STUDIOS! ORGINAL CHARACTERS FROM ME! SWITCHED BEASTARS NAMES FROM ME! OTHERWISE, BEASTARS CHARACTERS AND MARVEL CHARACTERS ARE OWNED BY THEIR OWN ORGINAL CREATORS!Before reading this, for anyone reading it, start with this first.Introduction: A New WorldPhase 1#1 Iron Mutt#2 Captain CitizenThank you.P.S. There will be original characters.Here goes the Marvel intro, an intense metal version.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qdd-FXnI5k

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
#3 of Phase 1Chapter 1: A Frightening Start Of A Bigger MonsterStarring:Legosi-Bruce Bennett/WulkBruce Banner/Hulk (Edward Norton)Haru-Susana MarshJuno-Sarah HundersRiz- Lt. Tyron Johnson/AbearminationEmil Blonsky/AbominationDeschio-Cason Drid State: New Yott City: HarleenSomewhere in the Black Alley... Deep inside the dark and hollow alleyways, inside a maze of layers and passageways, home for mostly carnivores to secretly devour live meat. Crowds of giant and small animals sitting in wooden chairs and standing in lines to take orders. All kinds of meat-eating animals of all species were there, species such as wolves, lions, tigers, bears, leopards, foxes, hyenas, eagles, hawks, caimans, komodo dragons, panthers, coyotes, falcons, rats, cheetahs, jackals, monkeys, boars, stoats, ferrets, owls, raccoons, domestic cats, and domestic dogs. Everyone going out with friends, done from their late jobs, some wanting to get food drunk or in fights, and some like scavengers waiting for food in trash bags.  Exiting through another passageway of an alley, taking a north turn while walking on an east view. Two giant carnivores were holding a young male domestic dog, while the third walked in front of them. The two draggers, a male leopard and the other a male lynx, having their clawed fingers grip tightly on the wounded canine. The third, a male polar bear, holding a blunt, barbed baseball bat, having fun twirling it around. When they turned around on the Northside, dragging the canine three more miles away from everything, just walls and no windows. The two felines dropped the dog on the floor, his face smacking on the hard cement bricks. The dog made a low whimper, easing his head up to see the grinning bear hold his bat in a frightening gesture."Well, well, well. Look, boys. If it isn't the little thief who keeps stealing my bags of goods?", said the polar bear.The dog started to talk, getting to his knees, and putting his hands together to beg for his life."Please, Mr. Tok. I never stole anything from you. I have always been a valued customer.""Mhm, yes. You were. Then explain to me why I have lost four chicken breasts, eight ribs, and two of my delicate goat thighs?""I don't know. Perhaps you got the wrong guy.""Oh no. I watch and observe the market for 30 years. I would know who steals my food. Unless, you have a partner.""Well, yes and no.""So you admit you have stolen from me?""No. I do buy your goods, but I never stole them. Maybe he does.""Who?"Suddenly, a loud frightening roar came from the other side of the black alley, a roar that came 30 miles away."What was that?", asked the male lynx."Should we check it out?", asked the male leopard."No. Deal with Mr. Harper with me. I want the truth out of him.""Mr. Tok, believe me. I didn't steal anything from you. Maybe someone else did.""Enough lies. If you are not going to be clear with me, then its your flesh and bone being the next course."The male polar bear ready his tight grip on the baseball bat, lifting it up in the air. "Last chance, Mr. Harper. Truth or dinner.""Please, I didn't steal. I didn't betray you.""Well, I will personally send my regards to your children, dog!"Mr. Harper let out a screamed wail, as Mr. Tok was about to deliver a striking blow. Then out of nowhere, coming down from the roofs, two giant feet squashed the male polar bear, breaking bone and flesh offscreen. Scared from the sudden thudding squish, Mr. Harper fell on his back from the loud collision. The silhouette made a deep growl, a growl of ugliness and violent urges. It growled at the two felines, as they watched in horror. The two tried to make an effort to escape back to the main section. But the giant creature jumped in front of them, smashing them offscreen.Even though he did not see, his drooped ears heard everything. The pained screams of squashed and broken bones. The screams stopped, except for the unsettling growling. "Please, don't kill me. I didn't say anything, Mr. Blonsky. I didn't say a word.", begged Mr. Harper, his body shaking.The giant creature walked towards, passing him on the right side, getting himself in front of the dog. Mr. Harper kept his face down, only looking down on two humongous feet, all showing bone in his metacar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Action
Action/Adventure
Sci-Fi
Drama
A Story That Is Between The 1996 Cartoon/2008 Movie/And EMH
Running From The Government
Crossover
Some Dramatic Romance
Anger and Rage
Lots Of Transformation Sequences
Roaring
Superheroes
Characters That Will Have Different Names
Original Character(s)

fandom: 
None
