Chapter 1: Being Mine for a Long Time
    




Chapter Text
Something was wrong.Well…not wrong but different.You and Dean can both feel it.Dean chose to ignore it but you...You were skeptical on how Dean was acting.
Dean is an alpha.

Along with Sam. Along with your father, Bobby Singer, Dean and Sam are the only alphas you seem to tolerate. They were not annoying like some. Though Dean could be on a good day.


You being an omega, you have to keep your guard up around alphas. They take what they want without permission and then you are stuck with them forever. You always hated being an omega since you were twelve years old. You didn’t really care for it as a child, but as you got older and hit puberty you noticed the change in you and how other alphas acted around you. They didn’t give much respect to you and they would creep around you.

 

Sam and Dean were different. Sam being younger by a few years, hasn’t really noticed that you are a hormonal teenage omega. But with Dean, a horny hormonal teenage alpha…

You didn’t mind him around at all.

Maybe it was because you knew him since he was eight years old when John would drop them off at Bobby’s. You had your first kiss with him at thirteen. You gave him your virginity at eighteen right before you left for college.

Dean was pretty pissed at you for leaving him for college which struck a chord with you. You found out later that it wasn’t because you left the hunting job. It was because college was full of douche bag horny alphas who are more reckless than when they were in high school. Your father taught you a lot on how to deal with alphas.  Even the Winchesters gave you pointers.You could remember the day when you were at a party at a frat house.

 It's stuffed full of people so you thought you didn’t have to worry about any alphas. So you wore a nice summer dress and was careless about your lingering scent around a bunch of drunk alphas. Many of them tried to hit on you, but you blatantly 
turned them down.

They circled around you like prey. It is not a secret that omegas are rare. That most women are betas and there is an unlikely chance of omegas being born. 

As she was turning down another guy before going back to her friend, she could sense that familiar scent. Her eyes snapped up towards the entrance to see 19-year-old Dean Winchester locking eyes with her. 

He had an aura around him that she never noticed before. She was happy to see him either way. She pushed past the guys and went up to her friend. She didn’t hug him because…well…she didn’t want to scare him away that she was happy to see him. She hasn’t seen him in months.

Dean grabbed her by the arm and hauled her out of there.

Let’s say that night ended with Dean having many claiming scratches on his back.  Dean’s hand prints on her body along with his scent that will linger on her for a few weeks. 

 

Dean always had a soft spot for you. He didn’t know how it started, but he didn’t like it when he was younger. Though Dean was hardly in school, when he was, he couldn’t help himself from keeping an eye on you. He could see how you react around alphas. Omegas are to be submissive and quiet around them, but you are spit fire.

You glared and talked back which ends with Dean fighting your battles then ending with you yelling at him for it. Dean couldn’t help but chuckle at that reaction you had for punching the guy for cornering her. The argument ended with you shyly thanking him and running away afterward. 

That was the most ‘omega’ you have ever been with him. When you don’t meet his eyes, a flush of pink goes across your cheeks, and you biting her bottom lip.

He noticed how your demeanor would change in high school. Puberty hit alphas first. It comes more like a wave of aggression and power. It felt as if he had to dominate something. And that scared the living shit out of Dean because alphas love a challenge and that what you was to them.

So he noticed how you would not wear your normal attire any more that you would wear your father’s, who is an alpha, old flannel shirts to mask your scent.

And he hated that.

After college, you went back home with your father. You were kind of pissed that Dean didn’t show up to your graduation. You were looking for him in the crowd most of all. You tried not to let it show but Bobby could see right through it.

“He had a case,” he said.

“Don’t make excuses for him, dad,” you said as you marched upstairs to your old room.

 

Dean was in a case facing god knows what. Some kind of demon that killed happy families or some kind of shit like that. Dean decided to call Bobby but he wasn’t expecting you on the line. He hasn’t talked to you since he saw he you on a date with a beta one day when he was visiting the town for a case. You didn’t know he was there and it hurt that you didn’t know why he hasn’t contacted you for almost a year.

“Hello, Y/N Singer speaking,” you say right before yawning from your nap.

There was a long pause.

“Hello?” you sai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Dean Winchester/Reader
Sherlock Holmes/ Reader
Mycroft Homes/ Reader
Daryl Dixon/ Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
Robb Stark/ OFC
Clint Barton/ Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Loki/ Reader
Castiel/Reader
Sam Winchester/Reader
Gabriel/Reader
Erik Lensherr/Reader
Deadpool/ Reader
Wade Wilson/Reader
Sirius Black/Reader
George Weasley/ OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
justin hammer/ reader
Remus Lupin/Reader
T'Challa/Reader

freeform: 
OFC - Freeform
Omega Verse
Alpha Dean
Alpha Dean Winchester
you - Freeform
reader - Freeform
Pregnant
daryl dixon - Freeform
Zombies
Walkers
walking dead - Freeform
Death
Sad
Love
Alpha - Freeform
omega - Freeform
Mates
Claims
Avengers - Freeform
Bruce Banner - Freeform
Hulk - Freeform
dead
rick grimes - Freeform
Protective
smart
genuis
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
winter soilder
Alpha Castiel
Protective Sam Winchester
POV Sam Winchester
Alpha Sam Winchester
Rutting
Alpha Loki
Jötunn Loki
Loki Feels
Good Loki
Avenger Loki
Alpha Gabriel
Erik Lensherr - Freeform
Alpha Wade
Omega Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Minor Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Deadpool Thought Boxes
alpha deadpool
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
jealous deadpool
Wade Has Issues
Friends With Benefits
Male-Female Friendship
Alpha Phil Coulson
Bucky Barnes Returns
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Blind Reader
Blind Character
Avenger Deadpool
POV Sirius Black
Jealous Sirius
Marauders' Era
Weasley twins
Weasley Family
POV George Weasley
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Tony Does What He Wants
Cheating
Sexual Content
Bathroom Sex
Platonic Soulmates
Romantic Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
science is boss
tony loves science
POV Remus Lupin
Alpha Remus
Marauders Friendship
Self-Pity
Sweet T'Challa (Marvel)
Protective T'Challa (Marvel)
Tony loves cats
Tony is a cat person
t'challa is tony's new best friend
T'challa is Tony's new Science bro
but Bruce can't be replaced.
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Dean Winchester/Reader
Sherlock Holmes/ Reader
Mycroft Homes/ Reader
Daryl Dixon/ Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
Robb Stark/ OFC
Clint Barton/ Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Loki/ Reader
Castiel/Reader
Sam Winchester/Reader
Gabriel/Reader
Erik Lensherr/Reader
Deadpool/ Reader
Wade Wilson/Reader
Sirius Black/Reader
George Weasley/ OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
justin hammer/ reader
Remus Lupin/Reader
T'Challa/Reader

