Work Text:
A hand reaches down to where he's knelt at Steve's feet, ruffling through his hair affectionately. It's shorter now, he'd gotten it cut after - after everything. Felt better, this way. Shortly after he'd come back to himself again, he'd been overcome with the insane desire to shear it all off, along with the rest of the hair on his body, tip to toes. Clean. Start over, brand new.He hated it, the way he looked in the mirror. Like some kind of menacing specter, cheekbones sharp and eyes bruised with sleepless dark circles, the weapon of his arm. But for some reason, the tangle of unkempt hair was the most obvious reminder of what they'd done to him. Tasha'd found him in the bathroom one afternoon, frantically hacking at it with a pair of kitchen scissors, and had wrested them away from him while he'd collapsed to the floor, sobbing.He'd compromised by letting her - trusting her - to cut it short, trim it neatly, with those hands that were surprisingly gentle despite what they were capable of. She'd held his face in her hand, her touch soft and light, and wordlessly, she'd taken care of him.It occurred to him then, as he sat patient and still, allowing her to touch him, listening to the snick of the scissors and watching tiny clumps of hair fall away, that his hands weren't that much different from hers. When she was done she'd brushed off his neck and kissed him on the forehead, feather-light, then handed him a hand mirror to see for himself. And yeah, it wasn't the exact same style he'd had before, but so what. He wasn't the same person now that he'd been before, either.Take this, for example. He'd never have done something like this before. 
 He's kneeling at Steve's feet while he reads a book on the couch, running his other hand lazily through Bucky's hair. Steve's clothed, blue jeans and one of his best-loved too-small t-shirts, his feet bare and crossed at the ankles. For his part, the only thing Bucky's wearing is his collar, resting back on his heels, his hands folded and resting in his lap, his head tipped down slightly to look at the floor.They'd discovered that he liked this about a year ago. Since then, they'd played about once a week, and sometimes it didn't even end up in sex. It was good, good to let it all go, to give up control of himself and trust Steve to decide what he wanted, to do whatever he wanted to him. It'd worried him, at first, thinking that Bucky was just reenacting some trauma he'd experienced at the hands of Hydra, some damage as yet undisclosed. It took him a short, uncertain while and a lot of conversation to understand and accept that this was something Bucky liked, and that he needed, and that he trusted Steve and only Steve enough to give it to him. He could tell that Steve had taken to it far more naturally than he'd expected, but honestly, Bucky wasn't surprised. Steve had always, ultimately, been about service. And if allowing Bucky to submit completely to him was what Bucky felt that he needed now, then that's how he'd take care of him. So he did. He'd always been overly gentle about it, though, firm but kind. Which was fine. Usually.On the floor, his knees are beginning to ache. He'd been sitting here, motionless, for the better part of an hour. Steve has only been reaching out to touch him on occasion, no more than light strokes over the back of his neck, fingertips tracing idly down his spine and dancing over the scars on his left shoulder. They'd spent whole evenings like this in the past, nothing more than Bucky sitting quietly being petted while Steve whiled away the hours reading or watching television.But it's not enough. Not tonight. He wants more. Bucky shifts minutely, and Steve doesn't catch it, just turns a page in the book he's been reading. He shifts again, more overtly this time, hoping he'll be caught moving. Hoping he'll be punished. They'd never done anything with punishments before, it'd always just been - following orders. And Steve had always known exactly what he needed, then. To get out of his head, let Steve take the reins for awhile. "You okay, Buck?" Steve asks casually. Bucky's breath hitches, at that. How to answer? Speaking when spoken to was allowed, he felt, but...Biting his lip, Bucky doesn't say anything, a tiny defiance. Another minute passes, and he shifts again, sitting back on his heels harder, grinding his feet into the floor. It hurts, but it feels nice at the same time, grounding him here, in this room. "You're restless." Steve's voice is flat, just making a statement of fact, and Bucky strains to hear a note of disapproval in it. His breathing hitches, his skin prickles. Bucky just shifts again and makes the conscious decision to turn his body to the side to look at him.He reaches out to cup Bucky's face in his hand, leaning forward and pinning him in his frank gaze, all blue eyes and genuine concern. "You were being so good for me, sitting still. What happened?" When Bucky doesn't answer, just slides his gaze away, St
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Kink Negotiation
Roughness
Gentle Domming
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Forced Orgasm
Spanking
erotic crying
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Come Eating
Come Marking
Light Bondage
Multiple Orgasms
Masturbation
Blow Jobs
Overstimulation
Praise Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

