Work Text:

“He’s kinda short and blond.” Becca was telling him as Bucky scanned the club. “Angry looking, like he’s itching for a fight.” The club was packed, which was good for Bucky, especially as Winter Soldier were getting a cut at the door – nothing massive, but it was a step up from the weddings and garages that they currently played in. Becca was there for ‘moral support’ and also cause she didn’t mind helping them load up the van after the show with all their gear – and because she was Buckys little sister. She should have been at home, but with their mom gone and dad drunk, it was safer to keep her with them than it was leaving her there – despite the fact that some asshole had groped her.
“He grabbed your ass?” Clint was saying, spinning the drumstick in between his fingers and looking like he’d quite like to stab them through someone’s eye. Maybe some blond asshole who thought it was okay to grab a teenager in a packed club.“Yeah.” Becca nodded. “Uh, I shoved him pretty hard.” She told them, and winced when Natasha cracked her knuckles. She never lost her temper, but that didn’t mean crap – her day job was a kickboxing instructor and despite her tiny frame, she was a powerhouse.But Bucky wasn’t paying attention to that. His eyes were on the crowd, scanning. Blond, short – looking ready to fight. If he saw the guy who thought it was okay to grope his little sister, he was going to punch him so hard he’d be shitting teeth.
 The first set was a little tough – the crowd were open to their sound but a couple of technical glitches (like the dodgy wiring on the mic) meant that they had to stop and start a few times. Sensing that it was about to all go horribly wrong, Bucky just waved Clint into an epic drum solo while he scrambled on the ground trying to find the loose wire. Clint was a good drummer – he could hold a good beat and his rhythm was top notch, but when he lost it – truly got into it, the man was a fucking legend. By the time Bucky had found the issue and MacGyvered a solution, the crowd was screaming for more, and Winter Soldier kicked off the night with a few heavy numbers to keep them jumping.Becca was doing her homework in the back, keeping her headphones on as she listened to some pop crap that Bucky would never admit to loving – especially not to her. Sometimes it felt like he should just give up on ever having a career on stage, he had a job that kept a roof over their heads because their father couldn’t hold down a job longer than a week and he’d probably get further if he wasn’t spending most of his nights working out new music, or trying to perfect a hook that just wasn’t sitting right with their sound…But he fucking loved being on stage. He wouldn’t care if all he ever did were weddings or parties. He couldn’t give a shit if he never got further than a battle of the bands. He just wanted to stand on stage and do the one thing that made him feel like he was truly alive.During the break a few people came up to them, panting and sweating and shouting about how much they loved the show. Throwing Clint sultry looks and getting winks and heated looks in return – he was a terrible flirt but he’d been dating Natasha (who watched him flirt with an eye roll and a little smirk) since he’d been old enough to hold her hand in the schoolyard. As far as Bucky knew, he’d never even kissed anyone else. Natasha didn’t get guys (or girls) coming over to her – mostly because she had a look that told people to steer clear, but Bucky knew that half the audience would try if they even thought they had a chance.Everyone flirted with Bucky though. As the guy in the front – the one on the mic, the one with the guitar and the ‘face’ of Winter Soldier, everyone wanted a bit of him. He smiled and nodded and didn’t accept any drinks, never took anyone back to his place (or their place, or any place) and never flirted back. Clint thought it was funny, a waste, but Bucky had a plan – and his plan didn’t involve random hook-ups with strangers. So he spent the break arguing with the owners about the faulty wiring, negotiating a better rate for the next time they played (the crowd was loving them, he was sure they’d be booked again, and soon) and making sure that Becca had a bottle of water. He spent a few minutes making sure she was okay – getting grabbed had really shaken her – but she seemed fine, and where she was sitting backstage, no one from the crowd was able to get to her.
 They did two songs for the encore, and left the stage while the crowd was still yelling for more. Although it was a good night, it wasn’t the best they’d played – and Bucky was pretty sure that the alcohol being served at the bar had something to do with the riotous applause. He wasn’t gonna complain though, because they club owner was hinting pretty strongly at calling them again – and soon. Bucky was feeling pretty awesome until he got backstage and saw a guy standing beside Becca. She had her headphones out, back to the wall – the ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Bands
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
alcoholic parent
change of guardian
Financial Issues

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

