Chapter 1: The Reason
    




Chapter Text

 The Reason
There was a reason that Tony Stark was a mess, he knew that; hell, the entire world knew the reason, but fortunately for him, it wasn’t talked about often.At least, not in his presence.It had been a while since he’d heard her name, the whispers that once followed him wherever he went, subsequently making him even more of a mess, were hushed these days. He’d allowed himself to not think about it that night, but apparently he was due for another public incident. It had been a while since the last one. Halfway through the evening, he froze when one of the mayor’s guests had the audacity to talk about it – about her- where he could hear it. It was only Pepper and Obie’s hands on his shoulders that stopped Tony from verbally reacting and a minute later, he was sitting in the nearest coat-closet, gasping for air and moaning like an injured animal in the grips of his memories.The pain he exuded tore at his assistant'a heart, who rarely saw this side of her boss. Obadiah Stane had already left to do damage control and prevent any of the incident from reaching the press. “Tony…” Pepper whispered, crouching awkwardly next to him in her heels. He shook his head, brushing off her comfort and she knew that right now, she couldn’t help him. No one could, but the reason for his pain in the first place and that was impossible.“I’ll make sure no one comes near here,” Pepper promised and left the devastated and panicking billionaire alone. Tony closed his eyes harshly, trying to block out everything even as her name rang through his mind like a tornado, twisting everything out in the open with a merciless gush that left nothing hidden.Darcy…
0o0o0

TBC...
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Tony Stark is Darcy's dad.
Emotions
lots of emotions
Rebuilding Relationship
Trust
Issues
Like a lot of issues
Drama
Father-Daughter Relationship
Darcy Lewis is awesome at any age
KidDarcy
dadTony
Kidnapping
Aftermath
Hurt/Comfort
Short Chapters
protectiveTony
ProtectiveDarcy
Seriously she's possessive of her property
So's her dad. It's a Stark thing
Mentions of past child abuse
Torture
X-Men References
Darcy's a mutant
Not a huge plotline fyi
vengeance
seriously it gets rather vengeful at the end
rebuilding a family
family of choice and love
btw the rape warning isn't due to details - it's mere mentions of past acts
the warning is more about the violence that happens over all in the whole story.
Don't post to other sites!
This is MY Work!

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis

