Chapter 1





Chapter Text
SHIELD fell, and fell further still. The shockwave of the collapse shook the globe, cracking the fragile human currency of trust. Governments shuddered, treaties shattered, long-serving officials were implicated in SHIELD's crimes. The few remaining agents, loyal to SHIELD's nobler ideals, were hounded and hunted, shunned and damned. They slipped off the grid and into a precarious twilight network of shady deals, shadier allies, and grinding uncertainty. In hiding they struggled to rebuild the shattered foundations of their agency, while also engaged in a brutal shadow war with the remnants of their dark twin, Hydra. For two weeks, Darcy stayed with Coulson and his team, helping where she could, filling in for all the agents who'd left, or died, or been injured. There was plenty of work to be had, and not just on technical matters. Keeping up morale was a full time job all its own. Maybe morale was a self-assigned task, but the heavy pall of depression and desperation were too much for her to take. They were feelings — awkward, uncomfortable feelings and she was desperate to thin the heaviness. If it hadn't been for Trip and the Koenigs (she honestly lost count of how many of them there were, but they were competent, jovial sorts, and plenty entertaining) helping keep things, if not light, at least somewhere above doom and gloom, Darcy might have been dealt her first, true SHIELD failure. A few new-old agents turned up here and there, including a team lead by Agent Isabelle Hartley. They did not, exactly, get off on the right foot. Hartley's team seemed cut from that cynical, hard-bitten, world-weary spy cloth, and Darcy was most emphatically not. In fact, that sort of thing got under her skin, it made her bristly. She went out of her way to poke at Clint when he tried it. Hartley was not somebody to poke, evidently. Strike one. The close quarters did not breed an easy friendship. Or even much of a civil working atmosphere. Darcy was not one to back down, and neither was Hartley. A few other moments of not quite being on the same page about most things followed, which led to a minor dust-up where Hartley accused Darcy of not taking things seriously enough, to which Darcy replied that she took things exactly as seriously as they deserved. Strike two. May broke it up before Darcy's third strike, sent a weird frosty look Hartley's way, and took Darcy down to run through maintenance checks on the Bus."Personality conflicts happen," May observed sagely. "You've got to learn to work around them."Darcy yanked the maintenance clipboard off its peg with an irritated snap. "I was working just fine, thank you very much.""You stepped wrong with Hartley. It happens, get over it."Darcy turned and gaped at the other woman. "I stepped wrong? Me?"May let out an impatient breath and gave Darcy a narrow-eyed look. "Personality conflict," she pronounced, biting off each word. "She stepped wrong with you, too. Steer clear of each other.""Fine.""Good." May pointed at the plane. "Focus."Darcy glared down at the clipboard and pulled the pen out of the clip. "I feel like I've been grounded.""I feel like you need to run those checks and cool off."Darcy opened her mouth to argue back, but nothing came to her. She shrugged. "You're probably right."May smirked. "I usually am."Tony left her alone for a few days, but as the first week turned into a second, his phone calls and texts started coming in closer and closer together. When he asked her opinion on the fire suppression systems in the Avengers' common rooms, she knew it was time to go home to New York. Coulson agreed, though not because he was desperately worried about the fire safety of the Tower. The military were hunting them all, and they'd gotten too close a time or two. He needed her to stay out and stay free.So off she went, back to New York, and into a winter that was quickly turning dark and biting, with a thick crust of gray snow and grimy slush already covering everything, Darcy was more than happy to spend the next month hiding in the Tower. She spent her days dodging process servers, wandering from lab to lab, and working with one of Pepper's handpicked lawyers on her statement for the Intelligence Committee's inquiry into SHIELD's collapse. Despite the initial handshake agreement with the government, Stark Industries moved ahead with its misuse of proprietary technology and breach of contract suit against the Defense Department. It was both a CYA move to get something solid in writing, and, well, had a lot to do with the fact that Tony was still far too hot about the helicarriers to let things go easily. For a few days the situation teetered dangerously, and it felt like the country was about to become the United States of Stark Industries. Fortunately, some form of sanity prevailed, and Defense brought a settlement to the table that didn't leave Tony hissing and spitting like an angry cat. They agreed to Pepper's stipulations of oversight a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
The Winter Soldier - Freeform

fandom: 
None
