Work Text:
 “You need to take a break,” Sam tells him, and Steve wishes he didn't recognize his tone from the VA, the one Sam uses when people are fragile and hurting and don't know they're about to snap. He can't get away from Sam staring him down, one hand planted in the middle of Steve's chest over the hole where his armor has been ripped away. “You need to take a break or this will break you.”Steve wants to tell Sam he's only bleeding a little, that he can already feel his ribs knitting themselves back together, but he's got a feeling that's not what Sam means. Behind him another concrete wall comes crumbling down, but Steve is too tired to flinch; if the wall falls on him, he'll just dig himself out.In the settling dust, Sam's eyebrows arch even higher, like he pulled that thought right out of Steve's head.“...Maybe I need a break,” Steve says, voice not as strong as he's used to hearing it.“What a great idea,” Sam says, moving his hand to Steve's shoulder and keeping it there, using it to steer him toward the exit—or where the exit used to be. They have to pick their way over rubble and shattered Hydra tech, going slow. “Anyone gives you shit for it, you just point 'em towards me.”Steve drags in a breath until one of his healing ribs pokes at his lung. “If Bucky—”“Steve, man,” Sam starts, and stops, dragging a hand over his hair. “It's been six months. We've gotta start thinking Barnes won't be found until he wants to be found.”Steve knows that. He knows that. But he hadn't looked for Bucky when he fell from the train—everyone said he shouldn't, he wouldn't want to see Bucky like that, Colonel Phillips sent men up and down the gulley even though it had snowed and no one said wolves to his face, no one would look at him for very long, but Steve knew they were right when they said no one could have survived from that fall.“What if I stop,” Steve says, too rough to be quiet, “and he thinks I don't care if he's found?”Sam looks at him, surrounded by the ruins of the last North American Hydra stronghold. “Then he's a damn fool,” Sam says. “That sound like Barnes?”That startles a laugh out of Steve, though it's not a very nice one. “Sometimes, maybe.”“I can't wait to meet this guy,” Sam says, shaking his head. “Look,” he adds, searching Steve's face for something, “even super soldiers can't run forever.”Steve nods past the clench of his throat, past the childhood panic telling him his asthma's acting up, closing his airways for good.“Steve,” Sam says as the helicopters break over the horizon, bearing down on their location, and he might say something else but the sound of chopper blades feels overwhelming. He hopes it wasn't important.~*~He thought it would be a lot harder to quit, but it turns out with SHIELD in shambles and Hydra still trying to pick up the pieces after Steve and the other Avengers systematically destroying their strongholds, the Government seems pleased to have Captain America out of the equation—and out of DC—for a bit. Either that, or they looked at the disaster over the Potomac and didn't want to tell the man who saved the world, “No.”“You didn't quit,” Sam says, wandering in from the kitchen post-run with an orange juice carton in his hand. “Which means you don't actually get to turn into a ninety-year-old watching public television and eating me out of house and home.” He takes a swig, only remembering half-way through that he's co-habitating now in their Brooklyn apartment and not supposed to do that; Steve watches him freeze, caught orange-lipped and red-handed.Steve raises his eyebrow. Sam brings down the juice.“Okay, alright,” Sam sighs, “I'll buy new OJ and you do what you want. It's good. I'm glad, man, don't get me wrong.” He settles on the couch next to Steve, kicks up his feet on the coffee table and tips the carton in Steve's direction. “So what are we watching?”“Antiques Roadshow,” Steve tells him, not trying very hard to keep a straight face.“Ohh,” Sam drawls. “So, when do you come on? Before or after this ugly-ass vase?”“Very funny,” Steve says, giving Sam's shoulder a shove. It feels good, familiar, tossing worn jokes back and forth. “I like it. There's a lot of history to pick up on, I can add things to my list. Hey!” he adds, pointing at the screen where two older men are leaning over a leader-bound book. “I remember that place! The, ah, Stage Door—““—Canteen,” the appraiser finishes in time with Steve's snapping fingers. “There were three major ones: one in New York, one in Los Angeles and one in San Francisco. And they were a place for servicemen to go and the movie stars would entertain them, dance with the soldiers, wait on them, cook for them and wash up after them. This was part of their war volunteer work. What you have here is the log book for the Stage Door Canteen...”“Wow,” Sam says. Steve can feel him sneaking glances his way, but Steve doesn't bother to look back; he's leaned forward, elbows on his knees, and in any case Sam doesn't sound anything other th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Antiques roadshow
Depression
dealing with your feelings
pbs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

