Work Text:
Steve groans and rocks, head tossing back and forth between his arms, eyes still closed.  He rubs his cheek on his own arm, presses his forehead against his wrist, mouth hanging open as he pants for air.  His cheeks are flushed brilliantly, one darker than the other from being pressed into the muscle of his biceps, and the flush stains its way all the way down his chest, over his hipbones and even into the lush, working muscles of his thighs. Tony can’t get enough of it, of staring at that blush; he’s enraptured every time by how far it goes down, how fully it covers Steve’s body.  He wants to put his mouth on it every time, too, feel Steve’s warmth under his tongue, but that can wait, it isn’t the time for that right now. Steve rolls his hips helplessly again, humping them against the bed, gasps out, “Tony.”  He mouth closes, swallows, and he slurs out, “Tony,” again, barely audible, and God, is he ever gorgeous.“Right here, champ,” Tony assures him, slowing down the hand he has palming at his own cock, the way Steve looks. He’s sitting in a chair by the side of the bed, robe open at his sides so he can get his hand on his cock, naked other than that, one foot propped on the bed itself.  Of course, Steve is entirely, glorious nude except for his socks, which Tony insisted he wear to offer some padding for the ropes tied intricately around Steve’s ankles, the ones that attach to his bound wrists over his head, stringing him out over the bed the way he is now, a loop slipped over his no doubt aching sac to keep him honest, with a knot tied to press in just at his perineum, where he’s most sensitive, Tony had rubbed at him there until he was certain he was pressing up against his prostate from the outside, until Steve was groaning and jerking against him, then made certain the knot pushed in on him just there.  His legs are bent at the knee, but it’s not a hog tie, he just can’t stretch them out all the way, not without pulling his hands uncomfortably back over his head, anyway, and Steve hasn’t tried it.  It had taken some doing to engineer a soft form of rope that would actually hold Steve, but Tony is proud of this one.  It’s red, too, and looks so gorgeous against Steve’s flushed skin, the peach golden tones of him.  Steve moans and rubs his stockinged feet against the bed, his toes curling.  Steve’s breathing hard, and that unsteady breathing and the low buzz of the twin vibrators strapped to Steve’s body feel like the loudest sounds in the room other than the pounding of Tony’s own heart, desire furious in his ears, in his throat and in his cock.Steve gives a low, thick, honest to God whimper and his hips jerk again.  His cock is so hard and heavy between his legs, furiously red and dripping precome against his stomach until he’s a glistening mess of it, his belly all slick and wet with the way his needy cock’s been leaking, his pretty blond curls damp and sticky with it where his cock nestles between his legs.  His balls look so heavy and thick, swollen with need until his sac is tight and smooth between his legs, and Tony has no doubt that if he touched it he’d feel how hard and firm they are (and Steve would quiver and moan at the touch, tilt his head back, mouth all open and needy). Tony licks his lips, swallows against a dry throat.  He wants to do that so badly, he’s going to have to give it a try later.  Steve’s been trying so hard not to jerk on his balls, and Tony’s sure it’s because they’re already sore and full, oversensitive from his delayed orgasm, but they still look red and tender, a little bruised from where he’s pulled on himself inadvertently.  Steve’s huge, gorgeous length of a dick is fully hard, slapping his belly with every desperate, twitching little jerk of his hips, all on display, head slick and full like he’s on fire with it.  Tony had made sure he was fully, gloriously hard before settling the cock ring over him, and right now it’s making him look like a porn advertisement for guys with huge dicks.  So big it’ll blow your mind, you won’t believe it! Tony thinks with a grin.  Okay, so maybe he’s a little loopy at this point, too.  Tony can’t imagine how badly Steve wants to flip over and rub against the bed, but so far he’s been so good.  He can’t imagine that will last much longer, though.  Steve’s not so great with orgasm denial.  He’s impatient when it comes to his cock.  Waiting’s hard on him, no matter how badly he wants it.That’s one reason he’s wearing more than the one cock ring, just in case.  Steve had really, really wanted to not be able to come this time, had practically begged to be kept on Tony’s schedule despite himself, unable to come until Tony wanted, so Tony had gone whole hog, there’s another wrapped around the base of him, along with the elastic band keeping the vibrator snug against the underside of his shaft. Far be it from him not to give Steve what he wants, and Steve’s been known to come straight through a cock ring before. Amazing as that i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Bondage
Rope Bondage
BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Top Tony Stark
Top Tony
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Dom Tony Stark
Dom Tony
Sub Steve Rogers
Sub Steve
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Delay
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Sex Toys
Vibrators
Anal Plug
Anal Play
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Dirty Talk
loving dom
Watching
Cock Rings
Obedience
Subspace
Feelings
Porn with Feelings
Post-Coital Cuddling
Sleepy Cuddles
Aftercare
Established Relationship
Risk Aware Consensual Kink
Safe Sane and Consensual
vague mention of switching
Bathing/Washing
Pet Names

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

