Chapter 1: 5000 BCE
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The first thing Druig thought was how vast the galaxy was. So many stars, twinkling in the distance. But they'd just come from those stars; their destination lay ahead. That blue and green planet they were approaching, that was their mission. The next thing Druig thought was how beautiful she was. She stood in the window, tracing the glass, her face illuminated by the light of this system's sun. She radiated impatience. Before he knew it, Druig was tapping her on the shoulder. She turned to him with a wide smile that made his heart skip a beat. "My name is Makkari," she signed, spelling her name out before showing him her name sign. "I'm Druig," he replied, spelling it out like she had without really knowing how his hands knew what gestures to make. "What do you think is down there?" She returned her gaze to the planet they were descending upon. "Our mission.""But that's not all," she insisted. "There'll be inhabitants. Humans.""Are you expecting to find something?""No. I don't know what to expect. This is my first mission.""Mine too." He watched her watch the planet grow closer. She started tapping on the glass anxiously. "What do you do?""I run.""Ah.""Does that explain so much about me?" Makkari asked with a teasing smirk. Once again, Druig found his heart stumbling. Had he truly never met this woman before? No, he supposed he'd remember someone so...vibrant. "It explains some." Druig held out his hand, and Makkari placed her fingers in his palm. "I look forward to learning the rest." He raised her hand to his lips to brush a kiss to her knuckles. Then their leader, Ajak, was calling. There were deviants they had to deal with. "That's my cue," Makkari said and sprinted off. Makkari, Druig thought. Beautiful.




Notes:

I really couldn't decide whether I wanted Druig and Makkari to be pining for one another for seven millennia and only finally be able to confess their feelings after stopping the Emergence, or if I wanted them to be in a committed, loving relationship essentially from day one and nobody noticed. I decided to treat myself and go with the second scenario. There will be a little pining at the beginning, but nothing too angsty. This is also a fun challenge for me because I decided I get one page of college ruled notebook paper for each chapter. Not one page front and back, one page. Hence, each chapter is quite short. However, there is no telling how many chapters I will end up publishing. Right now I already have ten scenes written. I'll probably post one a day and we'll see where it goes from there!I hope everyone has as much fun reading as I had writing. I am absolutely open to prompts, although I am going to try and keep this from becoming mature or explicit. Thanks for reading my notes, and long live Drukkari!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Druig/Makkari (Marvel)
Ajak & Druig & Gilgamesh & Ikaris & Kingo & Makkari & Phastos & Sersi & Sprite & Thena (Eternals)

freeform: 
Fluff
Mutual Pining
just a bit
One Shot Collection
Some Plot
It's mostly just them being in love

fandom: 
Druig/Makkari (Marvel)
Ajak & Druig & Gilgamesh & Ikaris & Kingo & Makkari & Phastos & Sersi & Sprite & Thena (Eternals)

