Work Text:
1.Clint walked over to where Wilson and Bishop were rolling their eyes. “What’s up?”“Barnes is off on another tangent about his girl back home,” Wilson said, offering Clint a soda out of the cooler at their feet. Clint looked out at where Barnes was throwing a football back and forth with one of the new privates, clearly extolling the virtues of his girlfriend.Bishop shook her head. “This girl must have tits the size of my head and an ass like a Victoria secret model.”Clint wiggled his eyebrows. “Watch this.” He cupped his hands around his mouth. “HEY, BARNES!” Barnes turned and he nudged Bishop. “Tell ‘er about Stevie’s hands!”Barnes lit up like it was Christmas and nodded emphatically as he turned back to the girl he was throwing a ball with and began to get a dreamy look in his eyes and gesture to his hands. Wilson snorted, shaking his head. “Pathetic, man.”Clint shrugged. “Eh, if I had a girl back home as ‘perfect’ as she seems to be, I’d be crazy for her, too.”Bishop snorted and slapped Wilson’s arm. “HA! Barton with a girl! That’s hilarious.”Clint rolled his eyes, ignoring them to look back at the way Barnes was smiling while thinking about his girl back home.~2.Sam looked over at Barnes as he flopped back on his bunk and smiled sadly at the letter in his hands. He kicked Barton’s bunk and Barton sat up. He nodded and Barton looked over. Barton raised an eyebrow and spun to sit on the edge of the bed. “What’s up, Barnes?” he asked.Barnes looked up in surprise, then glanced back at his letter. “Oh. Just a letter from Stevie.” He shook his head, sighing as he folded it up and put it back in the envelope. “Punk’s sick again. Going on about how the coughing’s worse than ever this time.” He sighed, putting his hands behind his head. “Stevie gets sick a lot. Bad immune system. Been that way since we were kids,” he said, looking worried. “Just kills me to know how rough it gets when there’s nobody around to help out.”Barton cringed. “Aw that sucks. Stevie doesn’t have anybody to stay with? Family or nothin’?”“Nope. Poor thing’s ma died not long after we graduated high school.” Barnes sat up, leaning against the wall behind his bunk. “We moved in together so I could help out whenever I was home. I was already in the Army by the time we moved in together, so I was in and out of training and duty, then deployment, but Stevie gets my pay to help out since working at an art store doesn’t pay much and volunteering at the VA doesn’t pay anything.” He smiled distantly, looking over at the box of envelopes. “It’s okay though. I’ll be home soon enough. I just hope Stevie’s not too sick to get on Skype Thursday. Haven’t seen that gorgeous face in two weeks.”Sam chuckled. “We can tell. Your descriptors get more dramatic the longer you go between Skype sessions. Goes from ‘sweet face’ to ‘gorgeous’ to ‘most beautiful miracle of nature’,” he teased and Barnes rolled his eyes as he stood up and stretched.“Yeah well, if you’d seen Stevie’s face, you’d know what I mean, now wouldn’t you?”Sam and Barton exchanged dramatic sighs as Barnes left to go find something to eat, laughing when he was gone.~3.Kate jumped in surprise when Barnes burst out of the rec center, hitting her in the back with the door in the process, and just stalked off, shaking with rage. “What the hell?!” she asked jumping up to follow him. “You hit me with the goddamn door!He slowed down and took a deep breath, letting it out again. “Fuck, I’m sorry, Bishop,” he groaned, turning back to her. “I shouldn’t take it out on the door anyways. I’m real sorry you got hit by it,” he said sincerely.She raised an eyebrow. “What the hell upset you so bad?”Barnes growled - actually growled - and clenched his fists at his sides. “Some loud mouth piece of shit fucking kicked the shit out of Stevie, and on top of that, that dumb ass didn’t even go to the fuckin’ doctor because we can’t really afford it, and now the stupid punk has a broken finger and had the damn neighbor set it and wrap it.”Kate’s jaw dropped. “Someone attacked Stevie?!”“Well that part’s not new,” Barnes said and Kate stared in shock. Barnes shrugged. “Stevie gets in fights. Skinny as hell, but can’t stand backing down when somebody runs their mouth, you know?” He sighed, rubbing at the bridge of his nose. “I just wish that dumbass my poor, stupid self fell in love with was more careful and would go to a damn clinic or something. I keep saying ‘Stevie, we can cover it later’ but no! Too damn proud to risk the debt if it’s nothing too serious.”“That’s dumb as shit,” she said bluntly, not caring if Barnes thought she thought his girlfriend was insane, and Barnes barked out a harsh laugh.“Oh trust me, I know.”~4. Clint woke up to the sound of hushed talking outside the door and groaned. He got up and shuffled to the door to tell whoever it was to shut it, but when he looked through the gap, he saw Barnes out there with the satellite phone. He frowned and started to open the door to see if everythi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Military
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Mistaken Identity
Fluff
Light Angst
5+1 Things

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

