Chapter 1: Prologue / One
    


Notes:
Before you read further, please read the story tags and warnings. If you are okay with them, and only then, proceed. If you haven’t read Cruel Intentions: Peter and Tony are happily dating until Harley, Tony’s grown-up son, gets kicked out of college and finds out about his father’s young lover. To make matters worse, Harley develops a crush on Peter and decides to try and do anything he can to break them up. He eventually asks Quentin Beck for help, one of Tony’s employees and friends. In the course of the following months, Harley eventually comes around and tries to find peace with Peter and Tony dating. However, it turns out that Quentin manipulated and played Harley all this time because he too has his eyes set on Peter. In the final act of the fic, Quentin kidnaps Peter and Harley. He reveals that he loves Peter himself and abuses him in front of Harley. Quentin eventually lets Harley go for ransom, but he is in a coma and unable to reveal Quentin’s dark secret. In the epilogue, Tony finally finds out that Quentin has a concerning interest in Peter.As I said after the last chapter, this won’t be like Deprivation, but this story will still include scenes of rape/non-con and graphic descriptions of violence. Since I don’t want to spoil anything important, I obviously can’t tell you how often or for how long we will see scenes like that, but if this stuff triggers or upsets you too much, then please stop reading or skim over/skip certain chapters. My dear friend Gypsywoman13 once again beta-read this for me ❤ I can't thank her enough ❤

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
When Peter wakes up, his head feels heavy, and it’s throbbing painfully. Surrounded by nothing but pitch black darkness, the boy starts to fumble around; he’s still naked and, so it seems, still lying on the same mattress as the last two days. The chain around his ankle clinks as he carefully sits up. “H-Harley?” Peter croaks, whimpering when he’s met with silence. Did Quentin actually take Harley away or is he lying on the ground somewhere, unconscious due to the stun-gun Quentin supposedly shot him with? Trembling, Peter moves to the edge of the bed, but his head is spinning so badly that he doesn’t dare to get up. Instead, he kneels down and starts to crawl, scraping his naked knees on the cold, hard concrete floor. Groping his way forward, Peter searches the areas of the small room that he can reach, saying Harley’s name out loud every now and then.After a few minutes or so, Peter has to accept that Harley isn’t here anymore. Feeling desperate and  scared, Peter tries to refrain from crying. As embarrassing as it was to have Harley witness Peter’s abuse, it was still somewhat comforting to have someone here with him… to not be completely alone… But now, Harley is gone, possibly  – hopefully –  reunited with Tony.
 Oh god, please let him be alive, please... 
Dissolving into tears after all, Peter crawls back to the mattress, where he curls into a ball and sobs quietly, waiting for the inevitable; for Quentin to come back and hurt him again...Peter doesn’t know how long he’s been lying in the darkness before the light suddenly goes on, causing him to yelp in shock. The bright light burns through Peter’s closed lids, but he forces them open once he hears fast footsteps approaching him.“He betrayed me!” Quentin yells, sputtering with anger. Peter can’t do anything to defend himself when Quentin grabs him by the throat and pulls him up. “You wanna know what your oh-so precious Tony did?!” Peter winces as fine drops of spit rain down on his face. “He screwed me over. And you know why? Because Tony cares more about his fucking money than he cares about you.”Wheezing, Peter desperately scrapes his nails over Quentin’s hand, trying to get the man to loosen his grip and get some air. Quentin doesn’t seem to care and grabs Peter even tighter; he leans forward until their noses almost touch. “Tony doesn’t give a single fuck that I still have you. As soon as he had Harley back, he called the cops on my men.”Even though Peter is scared for his life right now, he can’t help but gain hope. If Quentin let Harley go, and if his men got arrested, then maybe Peter would be found and rescued soon...The hope and relief must be showing on Peter’s face because Quentin’s mouth twists into a sneer. “Oh, there’s no need for you to start celebrating,  sweetheart.  Those two idiots know  nothing  about me or where I’m keeping you.”With a disdainful snort, Quentin throws Peter back onto the bed. Coughing and wheezing, Peter takes a few hitched breaths, greedily pumping air into his lungs. Without warning, Quentin then starts laughing. “You know, when I think about it, it doesn’t matter all that much. Tony still gave me ten million dollars in BitCoin, which is far more than I thought I would have when I decided to settle down with you.”Rubbing his aching neck, Peter croaks, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker (one-sided)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Captivity
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Parent Tony Stark
Harley Keener is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Protective Tony Stark
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Violence
Stalking
Unrequited Love
Betrayal
Age Difference
Older Man/Younger Man
Power Imbalance
Bottom Peter Parker
Heavy Angst
Gaslighting
Quentin Beck Being a Jerk
Manipulative Quentin Beck

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Quentin Beck/Peter Parker (one-sided)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

