Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 I Didn't Know I Was Lonely Until We Met
It's colder than Bucky remembers being since he was bleeding out on a Godforsaken mountain in Afghanistan. The thermometer in the corner drugstore window reads -4F with a wind-chill of -20F. The confirmation that it is  colder than it was in A-stan only makes Bucky feel like his bones will break before he makes it to work. Home is a basement apartment two blocks from the Russian bakery where he works. It's not the greatest; the hall smells of mold and borscht, and the windows are so etched with acid that they are a cloudy yellow even when the sun shines. It's cheap by New York standards, the restaurants are close, and there's a decent med clinic nearby. That's pretty much all Bucky needs to live. The bakery is run by Natasha Romanov, who inherited it from her "great-uncle" (and yes, Bucky has doubts about the veracity of that relationship). Natasha is regal enough to have earned the right to play up her name. She was also decent enough to hire him, when a one-armed ex-army Sergeant with anger issues and too many blank spaces in his brain is hardly the most qualified person she could find to run the store. They get along okay, and if Bucky calls off sick, she understands, which is more than most bosses would allow. He kind of wishes he had called off today, but he's not a coward or a hypochondriac, and he isn't going to pull the wounded vet card just because it's below zero outside. He turns down the alley to the back door, and stumbles over a bundle of rags piled up against the wall. "Ouch! Watch where you're going, jerk." The bundle of rags parts and a narrow, triangular face peers out at him. The eyes are big, blue and framed by the longest lashes Bucky has ever seen. The bones are almost too delicate for a man, but the voice is deep and there is unmistakeable stubble on the cheeks and chin. Bucky stares. "What the fuck are you doing here?""Trying to get out of the wind and get some sleep.""Not such a great place to do that," Bucky bends down. "And just 'cause you're out of the wind doesn't mean you aren't gonna get frostbite.""I'm fine."The exasperated sigh results in a coughing fit that shakes the guy like a skinny sapling in a hurricane. Bucky puts his hand on the guy's shoulder. "Hey, come on in and get some coffee and a vatrushka."He looks suspiciously at Bucky. "I don't know what that is.""It's kind of like a doughnut. Come on in and let me introduce you.""My momma said never take pastry with unpronounceable names from strangers." There is a smile playing at the corner of his lips.Bucky can't help it. He smiles back and holds out his hand. "I'm Bucky Barnes. I kind of manage this place.""Steve Rogers." He holds out his hand and Barnes' nearly engulfs it. "So, you won't get fired?""Nah. The owner cuts me some slack. She'd be more upset if we found you frozen stiff in the alley. Might kinda freak out the delivery guys." He pulls Steve out of the bundle of rags. Geez, the guy is tiny, no more than 5'1 and skinny as a rail. Bucky, who could use some fattening up himself, feels like he's towering over Rogers. He opens the door. "C'mon in."^*^*^*^*^*^
Steve ducks inside and nearly passes out from the warmth. His head swims and if there weren't a convenient wall next to him, he's pretty sure he'd be in a heap on the floor."You okay?" Bucky's hand is hard and warm closing over  Steve's bicep. Steve pulls away, startled by the kindness. Bucky steps back,  his hand raised. "Sorry.""No. It's me. I'm okay." Steve is ashamed of his reaction. "It's the cold. I don't do so well in it."Bucky nods. "Me, neither. C'mon, I'll get some coffee brewing." He points to a booth near the kitchen door and Steve slides in, tucking himself into the corner. He's so tired, and every bone in his body aches. He shouldn't be here, but he can't move. His traitorous body won't let him. Maybe he can just have a cup of coffee and move on. The coffee smells heavenly, he's warm for the first time in two days, and he's going to savor every second.He's almost dozed off when Bucky sets a mug in front of him. He wraps his hand around the thick china. clasping it like it's a lifeline. Bucky tops it off with cream and puts a pastry in front of him. Steve looks at it curiously. It's round, filled with cheese and looks like it would keep him full for a week. "Steve, meet vatrushka."Steve's mouth quirks in a traitorous smile. "She sure is a looker."Bucky laughs and sits across from him. "It's good, trust me." He takes a sip of coffee. "Drink up before that coffee goes cold.""Yes, sir."The smile fades from Bucky's face. "Don't call me that, okay?"Steve thinks his brain must have been frozen not to notice that Bucky's left sleeve is empty. "You were in the armed forces?""Was. Until this happened." He reaches into the neck of his sweater and pulls out his dog tags. "Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes." "I'm s-sorry," Steve stammers. Bucky seems to shrug it off. He looks at Steve. "So, w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
sort of a birthday fic
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Artist Steve Rogers
Army vet bucky barnes
Bakery and Coffee Shop
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Angst
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

