Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It was dead quiet in the large room, despite the people sitting in it. Nobody dared to speak until the elevator door closed. But as soon as it was closed, discussions broke out. 
Another omega was gone, leaving an empty place in the Avengers family. It was the 7th Omega in 2 years. For some, this group of people was just too much. Five alphas plus some betas and pups are a lot of work.
 For others, the paying was the incentive or fame that would fall on them if they were the omega of the famous Earth defenders. These were mostly sorted out during the application process.
 And there were very many of them. Especially those who had the hope that one of the Avengers would choose them as mate were particularly keen to work as their Omega. Just like this time. At first glance, Eileen was exactly what the Avengers had longed for her. Someone who became the glue between them. In addition, they could leave, someone who had an open ear, someone who became a cuddlebuddy. A person who was at the center of the pack without really wanting to be at the center.
But Eileen ... she turned out to be a liar and even managed to make Bruce the Hulk. Eileen tried to take advantage of Steve's naivety and had sneaked into his room several times to wait for him naked. But when she tried to steal one of Tony's suits everyone agreed that she had to go.
Bruce was sitting on one of the back sofas with Natasha and she was still humming her song softly so that the big green one was reactivated by the discussion. Tony, Steve and Thor were discussing while Loki grinned slightly amused next to her.
“I said it from the start!” He said softly to Y / N, “Finding a hay-colored needle in a haystack is easier than finding a suitable Omega for this bunch of legging superheroes. If you were an Omega, this problem wouldn't exist. You'd be the perfect person for the job. ”He joked, but the comment hurt deep inside her. 
Normally the second gender of every person presented itself at the end of the teenage years. Y / N was now 33 and long ago she had given up hope that she would ever find out about hers. There weren't many people who didn't present, but there were.
Even if the Avengers already had an Omega, it was utterly unsuitable for the job. Tony, her brother was definitely not a typical Omega. He was raised to be an Alpha.Loki was right, if she were an Omega, this problem wouldn't exist. She was so comfortable with everyone that she was mostly used for the task anyway. She mostly sat with someone who needed it, cuddling on the sofa, mostly one of the Alphas or Wanda / Peter, the pups of the group. Both were not old enough to present and they were under special protection of the group, even if they were active Avengers themselves.Y / N leaned against Loki, who put his arm around her and pulled her tighter.
"We can't have everything."
"Why wanting everything when everything I need is right here in my arms," he whispered flirtatiously in her ear. Y / N rolled her eyes and looked at him.
"Always those empty promises," she flirted playfully back.
"You know I would do pretty much anything for you," he growled softly in his alpha voice. If she were an Omega, Y / N would probably have reacted differently, but now all she could do was laugh out loud.
"Oh yes my big strong Alpha." She mocked him and patted his cheek. He smiled and pulled her tighter again.

These games between her and Loki were purely amicable. He was sent here by Odin 1 year ago to work for the Avengers, but it was difficult for him to trust anyone. At first he was just angry and locked himself in his room all day. Loki didn't eat and Y / N was worried about him and brought him a plate with every meal, which she put in front of the door. In the beginning he ignored her too, but she persisted and in the end it paid off for her. Y / N became his best friend. She liked to spend time with the Nordic god and managed to get the others to trust him more, even if she had been asked again and again by some if she was sure that she wanted to befriend him and Tony warned her several times about Loki. Only Thor was the only one who had nothing against it and was even happy about it.Tony and Steve were arguing so loudly that Wanda whimpered softly and sat down next to Nat, who immediately put her arm around her. Although Natasha mostly gave the tough alpha, she had been taught in the Red Room to disguise her 2nd gender and to adapt. So it could also act like a beta or an omega. She was currently broadcasting for Bruce and Wanda Omega.
Steve raised his arms exhausted and sighed as Tony left the room. The serum had changed Steve's previous gender from omega to alpha, but he still had traits that were more appropriate to an omega than an alpha. For example, he was the mother hen of the pack and tried to look after everyone equally. He was also the one who suggested putting an Omega in the pack.Steve had told
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Stucky - Freeform
non presenting Reader
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
No Smut
loki friggason
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Siblings
Pack Dynamics
Pack Bonding
maybe Zombies
What If? (Marvel Comics)
References to Supernatural (TV)
Hydra (Marvel)
Hydra Bucky Barnes
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Insecurity
Avenger Reader (Marvel)
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Jealousy
hurt reader
Animated GIFs
Embedded Images
Slow Burn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader

