Work Text:
“Like what you see?” Tony asked, gesturing down at his naked form with one hand as he offered his wrist to Steve. The leather cuffs—sturdy, with metal under the leather and metal rings on them—already encircled his ankles, and his eyes had a wideness to them Steve recognized, one that made the whites stand out against his irises and the darkness of his eyelashes. He could feel the adrenaline shaking through Tony, under his skin, even as he fastened the cuff around his wrist and moved onto the next, see those minute shivers under the skin of his naked body. Tony grinned crookedly at him. “I mean, I know you’ve seen it all before, but I was thinking there might still be kind of a thrill.” “I definitely still like what I see, Tony,” Steve said, and smiled at him, shaking his head at the thought that he wouldn’t before he finished with the second cuff.  There was definitely a thrill, no question about that.  He figured there always would be, no matter how many times he saw Tony naked.  “There,” he said. “All set?” Tony took a deep breath, and blew it back out, wetting his lips with his tongue.  He squared his shoulders and lifted his chin.  “You bet,” he said. “Are you sure?” Steve asked.  “We don’t have to do this, you know.” “Well, I’m all ready now,” Tony said, twitching his wrists up and waving his hands a bit as if to remind Steve what he’d just finished doing.  “Can’t leave a guy hanging.” “Just making sure,” Steve told him. “I’m fine if you want to do something else.  And if you need this to stop at any time—” “I remember how to safeword, yes, honey,” Tony said, making it sound like Steve was being ridiculous. But Tony’s safety wasn’t ridiculous, and however he treated it himself, Steve was going to remember that, even if he couldn’t. Tony had . . . trouble with his boundaries, which had become pretty clear a few of the times they’d done this—not just problems telling Steve when they hit up against one, but even telling him where they were in the first place.  Even, sometimes, Steve suspected, knowing where they were, himself.  So when they were like this, it fell to Steve more than ever, even more than it did for anyone taking the dominant position, to keep Tony safe. Despite himself, at times. Steve was fine with that.  More than fine with that.  Sometimes he figured that was the whole point. “Good,” Steve said.  He reached for the blindfold, picked it up, holding it where Tony could see, and watched his eyes widen as he stilled, breathed out through his nose.  He gave it a minute, watched Tony get his breath back under control, shift his stance, lift his chin again and breath evenly.  “Are you ready?” he asked. “Ready and willing,” Tony said, and took a deep breath, closed his eyes and stood still as Steve wrapped the padded blindfold around his eyes, making certain it covered them entirely and buckling it at the back of his head, being careful of his hair.  Tony sucked in his breath, but stayed very still, even as muscles jumped in his jaw, worked in his throat.  Steve touched his fingers to Tony’s cheek, traced them down along his beard, then brushed his thumb over his lips, just to watch them part, purse slightly to press a kiss against the pad of Steve’s thumb.  He’d known he would do that; he almost always did, and it made something warm and tight twist together in Steve’s stomach at the sweetness of it, every single time. He gave it another minute, just resting his thumb against Tony’s lips, rubbing it back and forth a little, before he drew it away and dropped his hands onto Tony’s bare shoulders.  Tony startled a little, drew in another breath, a bit sharply, so Steve gave him a second.  “Kneel,” Steve said after Tony blew the breath out again. “Jumping straight to the kinky stuff, I see,” Tony said, with a crooked little smile. “Don’t argue with me, buster,” Steve said. “Just kneel.” “I wasn’t arguing,” Tony said, but he did kneel, obediently, at Steve’s feet.  “I was making a sarcastic observation.” “Tony,” Steve said. “No talking back,” Tony said, still grinning a little, smirking.  “Right.” But Steve could still see those tremors under his skin, his shoulders almost rigidly square, and his hands weren’t quite flat on his thighs. “You are supposed to be following orders,” Steve said, smiling a little at how difficult Tony was being.  He was always a little touchy when they started out, a little restless.  It was hard for him to settle. “Sir,” Tony said, “yes, sir.” It was hard to tell whether his quiet tone was sarcastic or not. “Just close your eyes,” Steve tried, and took a deep breath, “and trust me.  You know how this is going to go.  Remember what we agreed.  I’ll make you work for it, but I won’t hurt you.” “In any way I don’t want,” Tony muttered, and his hands really were curled in against his thighs now, his head ducked forward a little, but Steve wasn’t going to mention it. He took a deep breath.  Thinking about hurting Tony still . . . it made something anxious in his s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Consent
BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Risk Aware Consensual Kink
Light Bondage
Collars
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Sub Tony
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Steve
mentions of switching
Established Relationship
Aftercare
Cuddling & Snuggling
Naked Cuddling
Post-Coital Cuddling
Insecure Tony Stark
Subspace
Insecurity
Anxiety
Oral Sex
Oral Fixation
Blindfolds
Deepthroating
Anal Sex
Anal Play
Anal Fingering
Comeplay
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Delay
Ass Play
Drawing
Artist Steve Rogers
Food
Comfort Food
Feeding
Porn with Feelings
Fluff and Smut
Romance
Banter
imperfect BDSM scene

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

