Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve maybe didn't think this all the way through.
When he told Sam and Bucky to shut their pug faces, that he could totally score the number of the hot guy in the corner, he hadn't realized several things:
a) The hot guy in the corner was Tony Stark
b) They'd actually make him put up or shut up
c) The hot guy in the corner was so painfully hot up close. 
He could see Sam and Bucky and Peggy all sitting at the end of the bar, watching him, so it wasn't like he could just tell them the hot guy in the corner got up and left before he got there. 
And it wasn't that he thought he had no shot at all, but traditionally this kind of thing hadn't gone well for him. The fact the man was famous and therefore used to this kind of thing wasn't exactly helping his odds. 
Tony Stark wasn't a tall man, but he was still taller than Steve, especially perched on a bar stool. When Steve sidled up to the bar next to him, leaning over as if to get the bartender's attention, he barely came up to Stark's chin. 
He had a plan, though, and after all, the worst that would happen was getting shot down, which he had some experience with. He waited until he might convincingly have become impatient with the lack of service, and then sighed and leaned his elbows on the bar, turning his head a little.
"Hi there," he said to Stark, who had a half-full glass of what looked like scotch and a thoughtful look on his face. Stark glanced at him and nodded, a hint of a smile on his face. "Hey, can I ask you a favor?" 
The smile turned sour, and Stark's eyes narrowed.
"Nothin' much," Steve said hastily. "I bet my pals at the other end of the bar I could could sweet-talk you into giving me your phone number."
Stark snorted. "Nice line, but that's not happening."
"Oh, I know. Sorry, I didn't realize you were rockstar famous from across the room," Steve said, and the narrowed eyes opened a little wider. "I mean, even if you were interested in a guy like me, I'm sure there are security concerns. No offense. You're way out of my league. I don't need your actual number."
"Then I'm failing to see what favor you want," Stark said, but he sounded more friendly now. 
"Oh, nothing much, just a number -- not yours, just any number that comes to mind," Steve said. 
"That's not gonna help much when you get back to your friends."
"Getting a fake number beats no number at all," Steve said. "They might not check. Anyway, there's a tragic nobility to being faked out by Tony Stark."
"Yeah, that's fair," Stark said, amused. "Fine, you have something to write with?"
"Sure," Steve replied, taking a napkin from behind the bar and offering it to him, along with a graphite stick in a pencil holder from his pocket. Stark looked at it, perplexed. 
"You're a draftsman?" he asked.
"Art student," Steve said. 
"How the hell old are you?"
"Twenty-six," Steve said, laughing. "I'm a grad student." 
"I should card you," Stark said, but he was openly smiling now, scribbling a series of numbers on the napkin with the pencil. "What's your name?"
"Steve," Steve said. "Steve Rogers. Thanks, you probably just won me a free beer."
"Don't drink it all in one place, you look like you'd fall over in a strong breeze."
"I'm stronger than I look."
Stark swept him, head to toe, in a way that made Steve's face heat. "I bet you are. A regular Captain America underneath, huh?" he added, nodding at the Army shirt he was wearing, one of Bucky's old castoffs. 
Steve felt himself smiling back. "Something like that. Nice to meet you, Mr. Stark," he said, and was about to turn away when a hand caught the back of his head, tugging him up, and Tony Stark kissed him.
"Authenticity," Stark said against his lips, then licked the tip of his nose and let him go. Steve let out a surprised huff.
"Thanks," he said, and strutted back to the other end of the bar, where Peggy and Sam were having fits. Bucky was rolling his eyes.
"Read it and weep and buy me a beer, fellas," Steve said, as Peggy punched him in the arm. 
"I'm not putting out until I know it's real," Sam said, grabbing the napkin.
"Sam, come on -- "
"No, I think he's right, you're a little con-man," Bucky said, laughing and slinging his good arm around Steve's neck, pulling Steve's phone out of his pocket and tossing it to Sam. "For all we know, you paid him. Not that you'd have to, he's rolling in it."
"Did you know it was Tony Stark?" Steve asked.
"Should've checked twice before you bragged, Rogers," Peggy drawled, as Sam dialed the number. Steve rolled his eyes and prepared to act chagrined when the number failed, but then he saw Stark at the other end of the bar, taking his phone out of his pocket. He looked up, locked eyes with Steve, held the phone up to his ear, and said hello. 
Sam's jaw dropped, his eyes widened, and he almost let go of the phone. After a second, he collected himself, stammered out a few words, listened as Stark said another few words, and then hung up. 
"Son of a bitch," he said, turning to Steve. "W
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson (background)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
SHIELD
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Identity Porn
Hydra (Marvel)
Bisexual Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson (background)

