Chapter 1





Chapter Text
On Tuesday, Peter gets set on fire, dropped in a dumpster, and starts a fight with the mafia. It’s a pretty good day, given his recent track record. It’s midday when he starts patrolling, the sun bright overhead and air bitingly cold through his Spider-Man hoodie. He swings down Queens Boulevard- no one. All the cars are parked, and he sees one delivery truck trundle down the street in an hour. He scales the Queensboro Bridge and sits on the top cap, swinging his legs back and forth for a bit until he drops down to stand in one of the lanes. No cars, nada, zilch. A jogger passes him and does a double-take. Manhattan isn’t his usual haunt, but he can’t help but try it out- there has to be something going on somewhere. He lets out a whoop of delight as he swings from the top floors of skyscrapers. Through their shining windows he can see deserted offices, floor after floor, neglected plants wilting against the glass. He drops down in the middle of Times Square, sees movement out of the corner of his eye—a plastic takeout bag wrapped around a pole, fluttering in the wind. Have a Nice Day! He turns in a circle, staring up at the LED billboards. The largest has no videos or scrolling advertisements, just one sentence: 
THANK YOU HEALTHCARE WORKERS
Under the mask, he’s worrying at his lip. He can’t help but think about May. If he just swung by New York-Presbyterian—he’s already in Manhattan, maybe just a quick check-He raises his arm, pivots, and swings towards Brooklyn. Daredevil and Jessica Jones have Hell’s Kitchen covered, Luke Cage has Harlem, but Brooklyn’s probably got some sort of crime going on? He doesn’t want to go back to his squat; he’s already named all the plants and talked to himself so much he’s a little worried he’s losing it. He can piggyback off the library wifi even though it’s closed, but it’s pretty cold out and he’s sick of looking at the news. Everything’s bad, oh god, we’re all gonna die; yeah, he gets it. He closes his eyes through the headache that always seems to be there these days, and his stomach rumbles.He ends up somewhere in Bed-Stuy where a lone guy working an empanada stand tells him to do a flip. Hey, why not. He does a couple in the middle of the road. Someone cracks open their window and claps, so he pops out of a handspring with a bow. “Here you go, boss,” the food truck guy hands him a couple of beef empanadas, which are so warm Peter immediately rolls up his mask and burns his tongue. Worth it. “Ohmygod,” Peter groans as salty oily goodness bursts over his tongue, “this is the best thing I’ve ever tasted, wow.” The guy laughs and hands him another one. “Nobody buying today anyway. It’ll just go bad.” “Thanks, man!” Peter smiles. Even with his enhanced metabolism, there’s a chance he’ll be able to sleep without hunger pangs tonight. He continues his patrol, and it’s just getting dark when he’s starting to think nothing’s going to happen today either. He hasn’t even had any nice old ladies ask for help with their groceries—it’s all Instacart now. “Bro,” he hears someone say in the distance. His head whips around, focusing all of his enhanced senses on the first voices he’s heard since empanada guy earlier. It’s a group, it sounds like, a couple blocks away. As he gets closer, he hears another voice, high-pitched. “You can’t just triple the rent—I have a lease!” “Not pay rent, have to go. I don’t make rules.” There’s a group of guys in tracksuits around a woman and two little kids. Some of the tracksuit guys are dropping stuff out of a window or hauling it outside- a lamp, some books, a couch with a quilt thrown over it. The woman grabs the quilt and throws it over the shoulders of her son, who is shivering and staring up at his mother. “Look, I can’t work right now!” the woman says. “The restaurant let everybody go, because it’s a fucking,” she covers her son’s ears with her hands and leans towards tracksuit guy, “pandemic! I’m sure they’ll hire me again in a couple weeks-“ The bro smacks a baton in his hand. “Lady, is time you go now.” “Go where?!” the woman shouts. “We’re not even supposed to leave the apartment!” The bro grabs the woman’s arm and hauls her forward and she shrieks, kicking out at the man. “Don’t touch me, let you of me you fucking bastard-“ A couple more bros with batons start moving toward her, and Peter takes that as his cue. “Hey, maybe you didn’t hear about the Governor’s orders?” Peter yells, and the bros stop and look at him. “We’re kind of supposed to be in a lockdown!”“Who are you, bro?” one of the tracksuits tilts his head. “I’m, uh, your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, and I’m pretty sure you’re not practicing social distancing!” Peter webs a couple of tracksuits by the ankle, pulling them away from the woman. “Six feet apart, bro!” One of the bros points a baton at Peter. “Is not your business, bro. I warn you once-“Peter webs his mouth shut. “And you’re not even wearing masks! Shame on you, bro. We’ve all gotta do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Homelessness
Trans Peter Parker
Trans Male Character
Bad Therapy
Transphobia
peter parker's glass half full mentality
Childhood Sexual Abuse
(past and alluded to)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
the new york tunnel system
no AU- pandemic
Tony Stark Lives
Matt Fraction-inspired Clint Barton
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Mystery
Action/Adventure
Gender Dysphoria
Dissociation
Child Abuse
covid 19 pandemic
i can't believe that isn't a tag yet
Russian Mafia
Dysphoria hoodies
Self-Harm
(contemplated)
Teen Angst
pronounced ahngst
Genderfluid Wade Wilson
(brief cameo)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

