Work Text:
Darcy Lewis does not deal well with surprises. Oh no she does not. Grace and aplomb have never been hers to claim. And Darcy Lewis likes to think that if she ever did meet either one of her soul mates she won't have made to much of an ass of herself in the process.But Darcy Lewis is a realist and, based upon her soul-mates' words, resigned to what will probably two of the worst first impressions she'll ever make. And fuck-a-duck has she made some interesting ones in the past.Like the first time she ever met the freaking Man-of-Iron. She may or may not have made Stark laugh when she asked, "You know dude, I have always wanted to know, just how in the hell do you piss in that tin-can?" "And like dude, I seriously want to know," when he didn't answer right away. But hey it got her a job, and a totally kick-ass one at that.While securing an office for herself on Stark's science levels, she may have possibly met Dr. Bruce Banner and proceeded to wonder aloud, "Has anyone ever told you, that if you wore a toga-made-of-leaves when Hulk sized, instead of purple shorts, you'd look exactly like the Jolly Green Giant, except ya'know angry?" The good doctor obviously hadn't known how to respond, because he'd just calmly turned and walked away.Her first comment to the Black Widow may have been something akin to "Damn, woman. Dat' ass!" before Darcy realized exactly to who's fine-behind she was complimenting at the tower gym. But really, fuck yeah, yoga pants were definitely a thing. And luckily the lethal-lady seemed to have taken it for the compliment that it was. When Barton, code-name Hawkeye, came to return her unfortunately-seized-and-held-hostage-by-jack-booted-government-thugs iPod, it is possible she asked, "Dude, can I grope your arms? Those are some seriously awesome arms." But to be fair it had been summertime in New Mexico and he was wearing a wife-beater and jeans. She dared any sane hetero-female not to think the same exact thing. At least she hadn't asked permission to lick them out loud.Or Thor. No, you know what, screw it. Darcy's really fucking proud of that. She tased the God of Thunder and felled him. Thor may have been depowered at the time, but it still totally counted. Grease Lightning was the best fucking present ever. Her Grand-dad had had excellent taste. Her meeting with Phil Coulson actually went surprisingly well. Darcy managed not to say anything too unfortunate, but it had more to do with Phil than anything else. The Agent oozed competency, and that, you did not want to fuck with because he, in turn, could fuck your shit up.However, the less said about her introduction to Director Fury after the events in London, the better. Mainly because it was classified so far up the government's wahzoo it would be impossible to find with out a colonoscopy. The most she could say about it, was that it had been fun. And that, if pressed, she might just confess to being a little bit in love with that man's beautiful, beautiful vocabulary.  Although, when she ran into Sam Wilson A.K.A. The Falcon in Tony's workshop while he was waiting for new pair of wings, the phrase "Wow, you're kinda man-pretty," might have been uttered in his presence before she could stop her damn self. So yeah, Darcy has a history of saying semi-inappropriate-whatever-the-fucking-hell-springs-to-mind types of things that sometimes get her into trouble.
Her Granddad Lewis was her favorite person in the whole god-damn world. He got whatever it was about Darcy Lewis that most people failed to. And when he died her freshman year of college, well she went out, got absolutely shit-faced drunk after putting him in the ground, then cried for a week.He'd told her once, "Sweetheart how the in hell do you ever expect to meet 'em if you don't prove you've got mother-fucking titanium-alloyed lady-balls?"Okay, so not the most appropriate thing to say to the 10 year old granddaughter you're raising when she's feeling self conscious about her soulmarks, but what-the-fuck-ever. Where else did you expect her to have learnt to cuss well enough to make a sailor blush. And she'd done it too, more than once, during New York City's Fleet Week. Some of those sailors needed to learn how to speak to a lady and not her ladies.And she's a Lady god damn it. Thor even says so. "Lady Darcy," he calls her. So screw you, ya mother-fucking-sons-of-cluster-fucks. She's a Lady who deserves respect.Which brings her to now. And this Hydra-Goon's attempt at kidnapping.It's really not going very well for him. For one he's just been crotch-stomped after a solid tasering. And for two, well this stupid, muscle-bound-fuck-up seems to have been thinking with his bigger brain. The one located in his pants, but well there wasn't too much down there for her to step on. Steroids much Hydra?"Mother-fucker! What the ever-loving, mother-fucking-hell is your problem? ASSHAT!" Darcy punctuates with a particularly ferocious kick. "The kidnapping thing I can kind of understand
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe Soulmate's First Words
Darcy Lewis & Thor Friendship
Darcy Lewis Swears Alot
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Women Being Awesome
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

