Work Text:
After eight months of Steve chasing him across Europe, deciding to stop chasing him and go back to New York to wait, and Bucky wandering around D.C. and then New York to find Steve, Bucky is In Recovery.  That’s some sort of official status, at the very least to SHIELD.  Or whatever tattered shreds of SHIELD are left.  Recovery for the last six months has mostly entailed tripping over his words in daily therapy sessions and eating peanut butter on toast at 3 am with Steve when neither of them can sleep.  They have three Snuggies, a Vegetti, and an earwax removal kit they’ve never even opened.  They’re not even sure if either of them build up earwax anymore.They’re susceptible to infomercials.  Everything just seems so useful.  This modern age has thought of everything.  Natasha has never found anything else funnier in her life.  (She wasn’t laughing when she was sick and cold and borrowed a Snuggie and saw how convenient it was—they used to have four Snuggies.)Stark is in a perpetual state of offense that they refuse to move into his phallic overcompensation of a tower.  Sometimes Bucky thinks they should, if for no other reason than so Steve would have daily in-person contact with other humans besides Bucky, but he’s still leery of Stark.  For one thing, he killed the guy’s parents, technically.  And for another, Stark tries to ease tension with incessant talking and it makes Bucky twitchy.So they live in Brooklyn, two blocks from Clint’s apartment building that everyone had been shocked to find out he actually owned.  They have two bedrooms and two beds and they don’t talk about how they both start the night in their own beds and end up migrating to the couch together every night and fall asleep there, leaning into one another.  They don’t talk about the way Bucky’s arm ends up winding around Steve’s waist by morning or the way Steve tucks his face into Bucky’s neck.They don’t talk about a lot of things.All in all, Bucky’s lived in hell of a lot worse conditions.  They run together every morning.  They trade off making breakfast.  They take turns showering.  They both go to therapy.  They try a new restaurant every day.  They spend long afternoons in comfortable silence while Bucky reads and Steve sketches or Steve reads and Bucky naps or they both read or no one reads and they both pretend they’re not sneaking glances at the other.  They brush their teeth together and watch a movie every night before going to bed.  They watch infomercials until they actually fall asleep.  They argue over cleaning the bathroom and Bucky piles too many blankets on Steve and Steve pushes too much food onto Bucky’s plate.Aside from the nightmares, stares he gets on the street, random flashes of horrible, painful memories, and Steve’s tendency to pretend he’s fine when he’s not, life is actually pretty swell.  He falls asleep next to Steve every night and wakes up beside him every morning.It’s not exactly the way he’s fantasized the falling asleep and waking up scenario, but still.  Things are going alright.  He feels pretty good about life.  He knows how to use his Starkphone and the laptop and has a tablet full of books Sam thinks he’ll like more than the history books Steve tries to push on him.Which means, of course, that it has to all go to shit.“Do you talk to anyone besides Steve?” His therapist, Julia, asks.  She’s really good at keeping her face and tone blank so he doesn’t feel like he’s being judged.“I talk to you,” Bucky points out.  “Sam, Natasha, Clint.”  He ticks them off on his fingers.“I don't count.  Do you talk to anyone you didn’t meet through Steve?”Bucky doesn’t even answer.  She already knows he doesn’t.  He could argue the technicalities of Natasha, but he doesn’t feel like it.  It’s still convoluted and he doesn’t seem to have the energy.  He never really has the energy to talk much.  He spends a lot (basically all) of his time with Steve, and he doesn’t have to talk so much with Steve.  But everyone else needs explanations and communication and words and it’s exhausting.“I think you’re using Steve as a crutch,” Julia says.  “I think you’re still afraid you’re going to hurt other people.”“You’re not afraid I’m going to hurt anyone?” He challenges, arching an eyebrow.  It takes a lot of energy to inject his tone with sass with Julia.  When he does talk with Steve, sarcasm comes easy as breathing, but Julia’s an authority figure of sorts, and he didn’t exactly spend seventy years back-talking his handlers.“I think you’re a lot further in your recovery than you give yourself credit for.”  Julia doesn’t rise to the bait, and Bucky supposes maybe that comes with all the fancy degrees hanging on her wall.  “But all the next steps require more hard work on your part and you’re not ready to put in the effort for it.”Bucky bristles.  “Listen, the last six months haven’t exactly been a walk in the park.”“I know that, Bucky,” she says kindly.  She’d asked him in their first session what he’d wanted to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Mutual Pining
Miscommunication
Anxiety
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Domestic

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

