Chapter 1: The Second Genesis
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Xtraordinary

 
Winzeldorf, Germany, a tiny village nestled deep in the Bavarian Alps, it has hardly changed over the centuries, even the second world war and the nearly 8 plus decades since has done much to change the insular village. In Winzeldorf, life is gentle and peaceful, because nothing ever happens here to disturb that domestic tranquility, even if some of the village wished for some type of disruption. But one Kurt Wagner is not a part of Winzeldorf; he was once a member of the Szardos Circus. His adoptive mother, Margali Szardos was the former owner of the Circus in fact.  But after her death and the disappearance of her biological son Stefan and the Szardos circus being sold to new management Kurt decided to travel across his home country, he was still filled with grief over her passing and the terrible fate that had befallen his brother Stefan; it was this grief and torment that unconsciously led him into Winzeldorf. The acrobat quickly made his way atop the roofs of the village homes and quickly leaped throughout it. Even with his incredible stamina, he grew tired and sat on the corner of a large inn and rested planning on quickly returning to the tent he had made in the towns nearby forest.Kurt did not see a drunken man walking down the street carrying a flashlight though; he was too caught up with his grief and exhaustion. The Drunk noticed Kurt standing atop the roof and curious of the mysterious man, he moved his light towards Kurt and focused on him. The Drunk had an incredible view of Kurt, instantly spotting his unique features. His narrow acrobatic build, his devilish face, his eyes that appeared to be nothing but yellow, his blue skinned body covered by a thin layer of black fuzzy fur, his arrow pointed tail, and his animalistic hands and feet each having only three clawed digits, covered only by a sweaty pair of white pants and a red shirt.It only took a moment for the man to scream and for Kurt to rush away from him and a minute for a mob of villagers to find him once again and start chasing down the man. Soon Kurt had jumped onto the largest building of the village, but that unknowingly would soon prove to be a mistake, the building had been abandoned years ago and it was quite far from the other buildings of the village, the rest of the village was safe, Kurt was not, but for now to Kurt it seemed like a good place to catch his breath, calm down, focus, and to escape.“We’ve got him now! Come down monster! Come down or we’ll burn you down!” screamed a large man who had taken control of the screaming mob.Kurt turned to the mob atop the roof and a hideous sounding howl that sounded more beast than man he screamed back “Go away you fools! I have done nothing!”Kurt quickly dodged the torches of the mob, they knew that the burning building can be contained and dealt with. Enraged and fearing the flames, Kurt decided that he had no choice but to refute violence with violence. Bursting into a dark cloud of fire and brimstone atop the roof another cloud appeared behind the mob leader with a loud bamfing sound before striking the man as hard as he could. Howling wildly, Kurt plunges through the thick of the mob striking as hard as he could much stronger than that of a normal man, until the sheer weight of their numbers carries him down.Kurt was brought to the ground by his limbs as he struggled to break free, he had been beaten to badly to focus and teleport away as he saw a man carrying an axe head towards his head and raise the tool, Kurt closed his eyes scared, he wondered if he would soon see the face of his mother Margali again or his brother Stefan.Kurt waited and waited until he realized the blow wasn’t coming, opening his eyes Kurt saw that he was free and the mob was frozen stiff.“What has happened to them,” Kurt wondered aloud as he stared at the once violent mob, he even poked and prodded at the man wielding the axe. “There stiff as statues?”“I have happened to them Kurt Wagner.” Said a calm yet demanding voice inside, from where it came Kurt had no idea, it was like the voice came from inside his own head.Kurt turned and saw a bald man, one confined to a wheelchair start moving towards him, coming from out of the crowd.“Who are you?” Kurt whispered.“My name is Charles Xavier. I am a mutant like you Mr. Wagner, but where as your physical appearance and abilities where changed my mental abilities were enhanced giving me telepathic abilities.” The man said without moving his mouth.“What…what do you want with me?” Kurt said weary.
“I want to help you Kurt, to help all of mutant kind, to help you train your abilities, and to help you find a new place in the world.”
Kurt pondered on what the man said. “Can you help me be normal?”“You already are Kurt and with the growing rate of mutant’s in the world Kurt you may soon believe me.” Xavier said with a smile“I see…t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jean Grey/Scott Summers
Sean Cassidy/Moira MacTaggert
Lorna Dane/Alex Summers
Lilandra Neramani/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
My own version of Claremont's X-Men run
for better or for worse
Made thunderbird lived one third more of his original run
Multiple refrences to a revised Marvel Universe you'll never see
Pieces of X-Men Evolution and the 90's cartoon injected
More alien looking aliens

fandom: 
Jean Grey/Scott Summers
Sean Cassidy/Moira MacTaggert
Lorna Dane/Alex Summers
Lilandra Neramani/Charles Xavier

