Work Text:
 It had taken just over three years, but the people of New York had finally stopped throwing trash at him. Well, most of them. There were still some people that despised him and the entire super community—and yes, this very much included a certain loud-mouthed, moustached Bugle editor. Those kinds of people would never be pleased, though. They were the people that stuck their nose up at the entire super community, that hated Captain America. Who hated Captain America? Assholes, that’s who. So. Peter didn’t let them get to him. The majority of New Yorkers had enthusiastically taken to Spider-Man after three, long years of mistrust. The past 6 months had illustrated that; police officers were thanking him, waving at him. Shops were selling I <3 Spidey sweatshirts right next to I <3 NY ones, and talented graffiti art of Spider-Man swinging around, or spray painted ‘thank you, Spidey’ or ‘go Spidey!’ or uplifting ‘stick to it, lil spider!’, starting appearing around New York. 
Spider-Man had been adopted by an entire city. America (and the globe) had the big shots; the Fantastic Four, the Avengers. Mutants had the X-Men, and New York? New York had Spider-Man. New Yorkers would point when they saw him, nudge tourists in the side, and say proudly, “That’s our Spidey!”
Peter didn’t let the fame get to his head, though, not really. Whenever his ego seemed to get out of line, the universe decided to throw him a humiliating situation. (Like that one time, when his spandex pants ripped to reveal his undies patterned with tiny pictures of Captain America’s shield and Thor’s hammer…. on national television. Peter still squirms with embarrassment remembering that one.) 
The fame was kind of a hassle, sometimes. He had a higher risk of being unmasked, of someone stalking him and snapping a picture, or connecting Peter’s injuries, his disappearances, his weird behaviour, with Spider-Man. 

It’s a good thing Peter’s moved out of Aunt May’s and into his own apartment. Good thing his good friends have gone to different universities or turned into super-villains or are dead (ow, ow, ow), so now, outside of his Aunt, all Peter’s friends are mere acquaintances, unlikely to delve too deeply into his personal life. No one to endanger, or annoy. Or spend time with. No one.

Good thing… Right?
  
 
 “Evening, fellas!” Peter called. The trio of officers were crowded together, chatting beside a parked cruiser. Usually, when Peter swung past police officers, they’d smile, wave, maybe shout a greeting. Tonight though, only grim faces greeted him, despite the lack of criminals or super-villains in the immediate area.  
Peter swung closer, landing gracefully on his toes on the roof of the car.

“What’s up, buttercup?” Peter asked.

“Spidey,” the closest officer said, “have you seen any super-villains tonight?”

“Not super ones, no.” He moved to sit criss-cross on the cruiser’s roof. “It’s been amateur hour, tonight. Just muggers, couple of half-hearted hold ups. Sad, really, the lack of effort some people put into villainy.”

One of the three cops smirked, the other shaking his head ruefully. The first kept frowning, looking severe under his ridiculously thick eyebrows.
 “Keep an eye out,” Eyebrows told him. “There’s talk someone’s going to drop diseases somewhere in the city.” “Diseases? How can I possibly help—” “Disease bombs.”
“Disease whats—? What even is that?”

Eyebrows was solemn, his deep-set eyes staring fixed at Spider-Man’s googles. “When infectious, fatal diseases that have the ability to wipe out thousands are released into an overcrowded, germ filled city. Like New York.”

“Oh,” Peter said dumbly. “That… That sounds very bad.”

“Very bad,” Eyebrows agreed. “So, try and stop that from happening then?”

Peter jumped to his feet and rocked back on his heels, saluting Eyebrows playfully. “Aye, aye, sir!”
“I’m serious, Spidey,” Eyebrows said. “This could wipe out a million people.” 
“I know,” Peter said. He stopped rocking, let his hand drop to his side, and squared his shoulders. “And I’ll do everything in my power to stop that from happening.”

“See that you do,” Eyebrows said as Peter shouted a quick ‘laters!’ before leaping from the cruiser and shooting a web that pulled him away from the trio.
 
 
   
Peter’s timing was (always) terrible. 

He’d been busy with muggings and consoling their almost-victims; he didn’t hear about the commotion on fifth avenue until the battle had been raging for over 20 minutes, and a small cluster of civilians and bleeding cops were already downed (no corpses, though, thank god). 

The police were attempting to shoot down down the villain that was reeking so much habit, but he kept dancing out of range or throwing down colourful (likely poisonous) smoke bombs. The bombs covered the area in thick smoke, keeping the villain safe under the hazy cover.

The villain himself was like something out of history textbook.

He’d donned thick, dark robes and gloves; he was nothing but a swirl of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spider-Man/New York

freeform: 
New York
New Yorkers
POV Outsider
Identity Issues
Secret Identity
Sick Peter
Hurt Peter
Police officers
New York City
News Media
Social Media
Spider-Man Interacting with New Yorkers
original characters used to further plot - Freeform

fandom: 
Spider-Man/New York

