Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter couldn’t actually remember the last time he’d slept. Maybe a nap on the jet? That had been three days ago on the way back from Shanghai.
Exhausted didn’t even begin to cover it.
He sat forward, scrubbing his hands over his face and grabbing fistfuls of his hair. He needed a shave. He needed to sleep. He needed to rest.
“Arriving now, boss-man,” Geraldine said. She held out a bottle of water, condensation beading down its sides.
“Thank you,” Peter said, taking the bottle. Geraldine looked like she wanted to say something, but then left him to his water instead.
The descent was quick. The ramp went down and the usual group of techs swept on board for post-mission checks and restocking.
The only one waiting for him in the hangar was Danvers. She was the last person he’d expected to see; last he’d been aware, she wasn’t even in their solar system. He’d been expecting Hope, maybe Barnes if he was on his feet again, but they were nowhere to be seen.
“Hey, Peter Parker,” Danvers said in that same teasing tone she’d used every time they’d encountered each other since the first time they’d met. There was no lightness this time, though. She looked as tired as he felt.
“What happened?” he asked. “What’s going on?”
“It’s not good,” she said, turning and walking with him.
“On a scale of papercut to Thanos 2.0—” he started, and she snorted a laugh and knocked her elbow into his.
“I’ve got a dozen planets with Infinity Stone-type phenomena in this neck of the woods. Earth is the epicenter.”
“Of course we are,” Peter said, but Danvers ignored him.
“Thor is dead,” she said. “And the angry raccoon.”
“Any theories? I checked with the wizards when shit started getting weird. They say it’s not mystic arts-related,” Peter said. “And no signs of any Infinity Stones.”
“Apart from the catastrophic breakdown of reality.”
“Right. Apart from that.”
Peter had intended to go to the debriefing room, get the official stuff over with so he could have a shower and make another attempt at some sleep, but they’d ended up in the kitchen. Danvers sat on one of the stools at the island counter, watching him pull leftover Chinese containers out of the fridge. She just shook her head when he offered her a carton.
“Do the Asgardians know?” Peter asked, going back to Thor. Even a year ago, news of his death would’ve been devastating. It was still devastating. But it was just another thing on a long list of things that should’ve been past the point of processing.
“I stopped in New Asgard first,” Danvers said. “They’re the ones who told me where you’d be.”
“How’re they doing?”
“As well as anybody else.”
Peter sighed, setting the food aside.
“Is this what it felt like the first time?” Peter asked, rubbing at his mouth before he leaned forward so he could put his elbows on the counter.
“This is worse,” she said. She had that haunted look in her eyes that people who’d survived the Decimation got when they talked about it. “Before, it was all at once and then it was over. This is little by little. Unpredictable. No way to know when it’s going to happen, or where. If it’s ever going to stop.”
“What’s getting me is that I can’t figure out if it’s intentional or not,” Peter said. “Is this some consequence of messing with time? A ‘normal’ breakdown that we didn’t account for because we had no idea? Or is this somebody doing something? Some deliberate action?”
“It’d be nice if there was a somebody behind it,” Danvers said. “If it’s a somebody, they can be stopped. If it’s space magic shit…”
“Wouldn’t the wizards know if it was space magic shit?”
“Would they tell us if they knew?”
“Honestly, I don’t know,” Peter said. He picked up his chopsticks again, too hungry to let his emotional state keep him from eating. “Dr. Strange replies to my emails but he doesn’t answer when I call or text. I’d say that’s sketchy, but it’s Dr. Strange.”
Danvers gave him a weird look, then reached over and took the carton from him.
“Shower,” she instructed, smiling crookedly. “Then meet me and Banner in the lab.”
“What?”
Danvers walked off in the direction of the elevators, and, after a moment, Peter headed for his shower.
He walked through his empty suite, tapping the side of his wrist to retract the Spider-Man suit back into the housing in his watch, then putting the watch on its charge station. Underneath the suit, he wore a glorified wetsuit—a layer of protection with backup webshooters built in at the wrists; a precaution he’d started wearing after some asshole had hit his nanite suit with a souped-up EMP and he’d ended up finishing out the confrontation in his boxers. The wetsuit was itchy-sticky against his skin from drying sweat. And it smelled.
The shower was a moment of heaven. Mostly, he liked that nobody expected anything of him when he was in the shower. It was time all to himself. Not exactly relaxing time because it always ended and there was always more to do. But it was a moment.
Too soon, he put on jeans and a t-shirt, threw a suit 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Time Travel Fix-It
Space Magic Shit
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

