Work Text:
“Sweetheart today is a special day. Do you know what we’re gonna do?” Your father asks you as you sit down in between him and your uncle Bucky on the couch.“No, daddy, what?”“It’s pumpkin day” Bucky answered, his smile getting wider. This day always seemed to make him happier, and you never understood why. Though you hadn’t ever been allowed to go, so maybe there was more to it than you thought.“Oh really, already? Well, I know you’ll pick the best ones for us to carve, you always do” You said, smiling up at your dad and pseudo uncle. He wasn’t actually related to you, but he had been your dad’s best friend since childhood, and you’d grown up around him. They were as close as could be, making him an ever-constant presence in your life. He even slept over from time to time and for some reason, they always shared a bed when he did. Though, you thought they shared because of Uncle Bucky’s nightmares as sometimes you heard strange noises if you approached the door late at night. You figured dad was a good friend, inviting him so he wasn’t alone and soothing him through the horrible dreams, he was good at comforting people. You never brought it up though, as you didn’t want your uncle to get embarrassed or feel scared again.“I’m glad you trust us to choose right, princess, but this year we’re taking you with us.” Your dad told you, surprising you completely. “You ready to help pick out pumpkins for Halloween?”“Really daddy?! I get to finally come and help. You never let me go before” You felt like you could fly out of your seat with the excited energy that began circulating inside you at the news.“You weren’t old enough before but now I think you’ve reached an age where you can be trusted with such important traditions and come with us” Daddy said smiling at your badly concealed enthusiasm. His words fill you with a warmth you couldn’t explain, happy that your daddy trusted you so.“But don’t you just go to the store and buy them?” You asked, still curious about everything even if you didn’t necessarily need to know how it happened.“No, doll we don’t. We like to get our pumpkins a different way. The ones at the store aren’t as fresh and pumpkins have to be picked a certain way. Don’t worry, we’ll show you the proper technique. You’re a mature young lady now and need to know these things.” Bucky answered, watching as you nod along, taking in the new information. Unable to believe that you were finally getting to participate in this tradition. Daddy had always gone to pick out pumpkins without you, only taking Bucky along with him, and no matter how much you begged, they still never took you.Even though, Halloween had always been your favorite holiday. It was something your dad, uncle Bucky and you shared. It was spent together, doing everything that was even remotely festive. From decorating the house to baking all sorts of themed treats to scary horror films and the classic Disney ones. Anything was allowed and encouraged, except for picking out pumpkins. You didn’t understand, you were a good girl and had always done your best to help your daddy and uncle Bucky, why wouldn’t they want your help. It made no sense.Though, now that they had, you were basically vibrating off the couch. Leaping out of your seat to go put clothes on that you hadn’t recently slept in, with a quick “I’ll go get ready then”Your father placed his arm around you and tucked you into his side, stopping you from leaving. Something you didn’t even bother fighting, loving to cuddle up with him whenever you were presented with the chance. Kissing your forehead, he smiled, “Slow down princess, Bucky’s gonna help you choose something to wear. Since you’ve never been before, he knows what works best. Ok? Daddy’s gonna meet you there, he has to make sure everything is on schedule.”“Yeah, trust me doll. Let me guide you through your first time, I know exactly what you need to wear.” You nod, not catching the underlying meaning of his words. Believing that since he had more experience in picking out pumpkins, that he would know best. Trusting him without a shadow of a doubt, as he had always been there for you and took his uncle role very seriously.“Ok, see you later daddy.” You say giving him a kiss on the cheek and dragging Bucky to your bedroom.***“Are you sure about this, Bucky?” You ask staring at your backside in the mirror. “I don’t see how having our bums painted like pumpkins will help us to choose the best pumpkins?”Bucky had been staring at your bum’s artwork far more intensely than he had his own, though he had already been painted before they told you what was happening today. He must be making sure it held up to pumpkin choosing standards. “It’s necessary to help your father get a feel for the right pumpkin. It also helps you know what a pumpkin should feel like when it’s the right one. When we get there, we’re gonna hide among the other pumpkins and he will check each one. When he reaches you, he will show you personally how a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Daughter!Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Niece!Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
nsfw gifs
Animated GIFs
Smut
Incest
Incest Kink
Pseudo-Incest
Father-Daughter Relationship
Father/Daughter Incest
Uncle/Niece Incest
pseudo uncle
Naive
Innocent
gullible
dumb
no sex knowledge whatsoever
Sex Games
Halloween
Pumpkins
pumpkin patch sex
Outdoor Sex
Public Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Anal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Double Penetration
Tricked
manipulated
Hinted Stucky
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Threesome - F/M/M
pumpkin sex
pumpkin picking tools
Magic Cum
Taboo
Reader-Insert
Praise Kink
crackfic
sex on hay
First Time
pretending to be a pumpkin
sex gifs
PORN gifs
Erotic gifs
daughter doesn't know sex happens
believing everything told
special cream
Dad Steve
Pseudo Uncle Bucky
Loss of Virginity

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Daughter!Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Niece!Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/You
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

