Chapter 1: In Which We Meet Victor
    




Chapter Text
von Doom. In which we meet Doctor Victor von Doom, genius, dictator, super villain.    There was an odd knock on the door on the apartment in London.  It didn't sound like flesh on wood. It kind of sounded like that time the cops had gone through her dorms pounding their giant flashlights on all the doors hollering about an evacuation. Apparently something had gone wrong in the science buildings and a giant green dude was tearing the university apart.  A second knock shook her out of those memories and Darcy opened the door.                 Green cloak, metal mask and armor… it was 2 in the afternoon and still too damn early for that bullshit. "Nope nope nope." Darcy said flatly before slamming the door shut.  "Who was that?" Ian asked, poking his head around the corner from the kitchen. Darcy ignored him and pulled out her phone. She had time quickly text Thor MAYSAY before the knocking started up again.  "Woman open this door." Came the heavily accented command as Thor texted back a picture of his confused face.  Darcy retreated further into the apartment furiously texting back.  MAYDAY  EMERGENCY HELP  HJELP À L'AIDE  That should get the idea across, frigging autocorrect. Only…  AT THE APARTMENT  There, that seemed important. Thor didn't reply so Darcy hoped that he was on the way.  The knocking briefly stopped. But then the door got knocked down completely. A figure that Darcy recognized as Doctor Doom stomped over it into the living room radiating haughty grumpiness.  A yelp and the sound of cabinets opening and closing came from the kitchen. "I come to speak to you woman." He spat. "Darcy Grigore."  "Nope!"  "Do you know no other words!?"  'oh god oh god' Darcy tried to clamp down on her natural tendency. 'now is not the time to snark, don't snark don't-'  "Nope." She said, popping the 'p' obnoxiously.  Doom roared wordlessly and Darcy squeaked as she turned and ran down the hall. She didn’t get very far before he snagged the back of her sweatshirt.  "WOMAN," He roared. Whatever he'd been about to say was interrupted by a crack of thunder marking Thor's arrival on the terrace.  "UNHAND HER." Thor bellowed.  "I WILL NOT." Doom yelled back, shaking Darcy a bit. "DOOM CAME TO SPEAK TO THIS INFURIATING WOMAN AND SPEAK TO HER I WILL."  "You got the wrong person though." Darcy interjected. "That's not my last name."  Thor was starting to look a little ridiculous standing at the ready in the middle of the living room, but bless him, he kept the hammer up and a scowl on his face.  Doom shook Darcy one more time before dropping her. Darcy carefully edged around Doom before slowly backing up to stand next to Thor. Doom pivoted as she moved to maintain eye contact.  "I do not have the wrong woman." he said through gritted teeth. "You are a Grigore by birth."  Darcy raised a hand, prepared to argue with him.  "And we are betrothed."  Thor finally lowered Mew Mew as Darcy lowered her hand, the two of them exchanging stunned glances. "What?" Ian's voice plaintively queried from the cabinet over the kitchen counter.  "NOPE." Was really all that she could say to the entire situation.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
one-sided Victor von Doom/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Romance
Action/Adventure
Threesome - F/M/M
Arranged Marriage
Women Being Awesome
Loneliness
Slow Build
Snark
So Much Snark
Magic
some light arson
WinterShieldShock - Freeform
Threats of Rape/Non-Con

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
one-sided Victor von Doom/Darcy Lewis

