Chapter 1: Master Erik
    


Summary:

Oh the first link is NSFW!





Chapter Text
Charles had been thinking about this for months--jerking off to the idea, in fact--yet when he finally arrived for his appointment his hands were so sweaty he could barely hold the pen. 
Because the first thing he’d been asked to do upon arriving at Master Erik Lehnsherr's place of business (did he call it an office? a studio? It was far too posh to be a dungeon) was fill out a form. As if he was at the hospital, or at a doctor’s appointment. 
Of course, Charles had never been in a doctor’s office where the waiting room had black leather couches and dark burgundy walls which featured black-and white pictures of people beautifully tied up with ropes. He'd never been to a hospital where the triage nurse was a gorgeous blonde woman wearing a black PVC corset. Nevertheless, the woman who greeted him had been so coolly polite and professional that he thought perhaps he was in the wrong place despite all the evidence to the contrary...until he read the form.
It was essentially a consent form. The questions on the form were generally very broad but Charles was nothing if not thorough, so he found himself trying to write very small as he indicated the things that turned him on. Being tied up with soft ropes, being gagged, wearing a collar, spanking, flogging, dirty talk (but not verbal humiliation, probably, actually maybe we should come back round to that later), feeling out of control...Even though his was hand starting to cramp up, Charles had an erection already.
Although there was a certain excitement in writing down all his kinks, Charles frowned a bit, chewing on the pen, as it occurred to him that it would be more fun and perhaps easier to express himself directly to Master Erik. The primary reason he was here, in fact, was because of an online ad featuring the sexiest man Charles had ever seen next to the text “Professional Dom, Master Erik”. The ad showed a breathtakingly attractive man just looking at the camera, almost casually. Unlike most of the other Dom or Dominatrix adverts, he wasn’t wearing leather or bondage gear of any kind, but the look in his eyes was absolutely captivating. The picture was black and white, but Charles could tell from it that his eyes were either blue or green, or possibly grey...and he couldn’t wait to see which it was.
In actuality though, the primary reason was probably more because Charles craved a way to enact his fantasies about kinks that he hadn't been able successfully enact with any of his previous partners. However, Master Erik's physical appearance was high on the list of reasons. Charles had saved a screenshot of the advert and masturbated to the picture for a month before he had dared to call and make an appointment.
Charles decided the form was filled out as completely as it could be and he brought it back to the receptionist. “You can keep the pen,” she said, eying the obviously-chewed writing utensil in his hand. "Master Erik will be with you momentarily." Charles flushed with embarrassment as he sat down again. She left the room for a few minutes.
“Charles Xavier?”
Charles head snapped up as suddenly there he was, the man from the advert. He looked even more gorgeous in person, wearing black leather pants with laces down the sides and a dark blue mesh top. Thick metal bands circled each wrist. In person, his hair shone a rich, dark auburn whereas it had only looked brown in the picture. 
The man fixed him with an intense gaze when he did not respond. “Are you Charles Xavier?”
Of course he was; he was the only person in the waiting room. Charles realized he had been sitting there gaping at the man. “Yes!” he squealed at a much higher pitch than was dignified as he surged to his feet. “Er, sorry, I, um, I just--sorry.” He took a few hesitant steps towards the man. Was he supposed to kneel now? What was the protocol for this?
Erik extended a hand and gave him a light smile. “I’m Erik. Master Erik, if you prefer. Would you like to come with me?”
“Nice to meet you,” Charles practically whispered as he accepted and shook the man’s hand. His handshake was firm and his hands were cool and dry. Charles nodded and walked in the direction the man indicated. Erik put a hand almost casually on Charles’ neck as he led the shorter man down the hall, a hand which slipped down to the small of Charles’ back as they walked. Charles felt a delighted shiver at the touch. 
He guided Charles to a room with the same burgundy walls as the waiting room (sans the bondage pictures) that had a four-poster bed in it covered with dark purple bedding. The floor was rubber or rubberized, and there appeared to be an open-air shower in the corner of the room. There was also a large dark gray freestanding cabinet against one wall; a huge solid-looking piece of furniture, almost big enough to be a wardrobe. The lighting was dim but warm, and it took Charles a moment to realize where it was coming from: there wer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Sebastian Shaw/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
BDSM
Dom!Erik
Sub!Charles
Shibari
Flogging
Kink Negotiation
Pictures
Aftercare
Porn With Plot
Smut
Dirty Talk
Nipple Clamps
Dildos
Spanking
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Japanese Rope Bondage
Suspension Bondage
Wax Play
Crying
Tantra
Homophobic Language
Verbal Humiliation
Erik is Crushing Harder than a 12-year Old Girl
Public Humiliation
Breathplay
Protective Erik
Facials
Honestly Charles What Are You Thinking
Dubious Consent
Extremely Dubious Consent
Shaw Being a Manipulative Bastard
Gags
Oral Sex
S&M
Group Sex
Dissociation
Mistaken Identity
Psychological Trauma
Happy Ending
Anal Sex
First Kiss
Riding Crops
Butt Plugs
Self-Harm
Cock Rings
CReepy Android kink
Bukkake
semen play
pissing
Double Anal Penetration
Shaw gets what he deserves
Rimming
50 Shades of Grey - Freeform

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Sebastian Shaw/Charles Xavier

