Chapter 1: Natasha
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
When Natasha received a summons from Tony Stark a little more than an hour after officially signing over the role of CEO to Virginia Potts, she was both unsurprised and apprehensive.  Her mission was fairly simple compared to others she performed on a regular basis: find a way for Stark to hire her to fill the newly vacated position of being his personal assistant in order to observe him and assess his aptitude for being a part of the Avengers Initiative.  So going into the signing with the intention of being alluring and intriguing to Stark was really all that was needed to get his attention—a couple open buttons on her blouse certainly helped matters.  She consented to playing Stark’s game, going into the boxing ring with his bodyguard for an impromptu ‘lesson’, which went a little farther than Natasha intended, hence her weariness for this meeting.  But she was confident she could manipulate the conversation enough to keep her mission running smoothly.She returned to the Malibu Mansion at Stark’s request, and though he had already formally made the ‘request’ to hire her as his new PA, he said he had some things to discuss with her in person.  She doubted it was contract issues or anything related to the hiring, so perhaps it was merely a formality to brief her on her duties.  Maybe Stark already had work for her.  Either way, it would be her first opportunity to observe the man in a solo environment.While she was very adept at the art of silent walking, her heels clicked meaningfully on the floor as she strode through the front door (“Welcome, Ms. Rushman,” Stark’s AI greeted.  “Mr. Stark is waiting for you in the lounge.”) and into the lounge area where Stark was waiting for her.Stark was pacing back and forth lightly, fiddling with his phone.  He had changed since his boxing lesson earlier, and now wore dark jeans and a t-shirt over a long-sleeved undershirt.  A faint blue glow shown through the shirt where Natasha knew the infamous arc reactor rested, embedded in the man’s chest.  Natasha noted that the man looked uncharacteristically preoccupied.“Mr. Stark,” she said, announcing her presence.Stark looked to her and slipped his phone into his back pocket.  “Miss Rushman,” he greeted.  “Thanks for coming at such short notice.”  And uncharacteristically cordial.“That’s my job now, sir,” Natasha replied obligingly, and Stark let out a small scoff.“About that,” he started, facing her fully.  “I need to talk to you about something pertaining to your duties.”  He paused, visibly searching for the words he wanted.  He nodded to himself briefly, looking down at his shoes, before bringing his gaze back up to match hers.  “I saw what you did to Happy,” he said finally.  “You’re obviously talented in martial-arts.”“I've learned what I can,” she said carefully.  While her attack on Hogan had been a complete accident—he moved into her blind spot, her body had acted purely on instinct—it served a purpose in getting Stark’s attention.  At the time, she had been worried that she had blown her cover, pretty early too, but Stark had responded in a rather predictable manner; essentially ogling her.  Now, however, that concern was back in full force.  Perhaps Stark had read into the attack more than he let on.  Despite his many shortcomings, the man was a genius.“Would you be willing to use what you know to defend me?”Natasha raised a brow.  That’s not where she was expecting the thought to go.  “I wasn't aware this was a bodyguard interview,” she said, keeping in character.  “I thought I was—”“No, no, this is hypothetical,” Stark waved off, but still keeping his serious tone.“Well, then, yes,” she said finally, deciding to play along.  “If you were being attacked and needed help, I would do what I can.”“Does that extend to others?”“I’d do what I can,” she repeated.  “I wouldn't just stand and watch someone being hurt, if that’s what you mean,” she added, hoping to appeal to the angle Stark was playing.“Good, good,” Stark nodded, almost distractedly.  “Being my assistant means you’ll be privy to sensitive information, and I need to know I can trust you with it.”“So that was a test of my character?” Natasha asked, finding the deep irony in that.  She wondered what her hand-to-hand background had to do with privacy and sensitive info; she couldn't find the connection.Stark nodded idly, though he looked severely distracted by another thought.  “Okay, I’m gonna do this,” he said suddenly, “but so help me, if you make me regret it, I will destroy you.”Natasha raised an eyebrow, still having no idea where this conversation was going.  “Mr. Stark—”“JARVIS,” Stark interrupted, ignoring her and turning away to grab a stress ball from the nearby desk.“Sir?”“Can you send Peter up?  If he’s working on his project, tell him it needs to wait.”“Right away, sir.”Natasha had to admit she was confused.  And it wasn't a feeling s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
in which everyone can't believe Tony is a father
Peter is Tony's kid
peter gets his snark from his father
Peter Stark - Freeform
Humor
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

