Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"Morgan!" Peter whisper shouted as he chased the 8 year old around her dad's old lab. He babysat her most weekends, Pepper asking him anytime she thought he was low on cash or she had a meeting out of the country. Sam's sister or the Barton's taking her when he couldn't or it'd be more than a night. Morgan giggled as she ducked out of his reach, he wasn't going to use his Spidey skills with babysitting (except to make a cool hammock for them to watch TV in). He didn't want to accidentally hurt her or spook her by moving too quickly, not that he thought it would bother her. But he wanted to avoid giving her more nightmare fuel. "Morgan!" Peter shouted again as her giggles gave way to tears as she ran into a piece of machinery. He ran up to her and took her in his arms before checking her forehead, he smoothed her hair back from her face as he checked her over. "Just a little bump. You'll have a small bruise but we can ice it and you'll be fine."  Morgan hummed and nodded as she pressed against her big brother. Peter held her close as he stood up and made his way over to the first aid supply that was still on the wall. He sat her down on the counter beside the supplies and booped her nose making her giggle before he got a cool pack from the first aid. He snapped the cool pack like a glow stick and gave it a shake so it'd start cooking before wrapping it in some gauze so it wouldn't be too cold. "You ready?" He asked softly. "Yeah." Morgan muttered as she wiped some leftover tears from her cheek. "Ow." She winced as Peter pressed the cool pack to her bump.  "Just a few minutes." He said as he wiped some tears she missed from her cheek with his free hand. "Then you can go back to running around like a menace." Morgan giggled and kicked her feet back and forth against the counter. "Can we investimigate the glowy thing?" "The glowy thing?" "Yeah." She said with a nod. "That." She said as she pointed over Peter's shoulder. He looked over his shoulder and where the machine that Morgan had run into was a blue glowing pulsating mass that had taken over most of the lab and blocked their exits. It seemed like it was reaching some kind of critical mass that was just now starting to set off his Spidey sense now that he was looking at it. He grabbed Morgan from the counter and held her to his chest before turning his back on the glowing mass and shielded her as it exploded behind them. Peter lost his breath as the cold explosion washed over him, it felt like he couldn't breathe during the few seconds they were covered by the explosion before it settled into normal temperature and he could breathe again. The smell of ozone and motor oil filled his nose as he pulled away slightly from Morgan to check her over. She grinned up at him as she looked at him. "Can we do that again?" She asked excitedly. Peter huffed a laugh and sat back on the floor, Morgan ending up cradled on his lap. "I'd rather not." He muttered happily as he pressed his head against her temple in relief. "What the hell?" A familiar voice called. Morgan gasped and jumped up excitedly. "DA---" She started before being cut off by Peter's hand over her mouth as he stood behind her in surprise. Mr Stark stared at them both in confusion in his black tank top with a giant pipe between them. "It appears we have guests, sir." "I noticed that thank you Jarvis." Tony said as he continued to stare at the pair. "Did she call me dad?" "No." Peter answered as Morgan nodded while he still kept his hand over her mouth. "Uh huh." Tony said as he wiped his hands on a rag as he ducked under the pipe between them as he examined the pair. "How old are you?" "18." He answered automatically. "I'd be 22. So it's possible." Tony muttered to himself as he eyed Peter. "Who's your mom?" "I mean unless you know a Mary Parker." Peter said with an uncomfortable laugh. "I do." He replied moderately uncomfortable before shrugging and turning away. "But that was December 2000. Fun weekend with her and her husband." Peter's eyes went wide as he choked on his tongue. December 2000 was 9 months before he was born in August 2001. "GAH!" Peter shouted as Morgan licked his hand. "That was gross Morgan." He said as he wiped his hand on his jeans. "You're gross." She muttered as she stared at her, their (possibly), dad. "What you doing?" She sing songed as she rocked back and forth on her heels. Tony looked back at the little girl. "Checking I synthesized a new element." He looked between the window in the pipe and the little girl. "You want to check it out?" "Yes!" Morgan shouted excitedly as she ran towards her dad before Peter could even think about grabbing her, he was still reeling from the possibility of Mr Stark being his dad and having a threesome with his mom and dad. "Up you go." Tony said as he hitched Morgan on his hip and pointed at the element. "Pretty cool right?" Morgan nodded as she sta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Time Travel
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Good Babysitter Dummy
Iron Man 2
Crack Treated Seriously
Not Spider-Man: No Way Home Compliant
Sassy Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
No beta we die like Uncle Ben
Time Travel Fix-It
Fix It Fic
Big Brother Peter Parker
Twitter
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Jewish Darcy Lewis
Jewish Peter Parker
their religion isn't a big part of it
Also don't read for the ships its a really small part of it
hydra trash party referenced but not explicit
Frequent updates
Short Chapters
Iron Dad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

