Chapter 1: The Beginning
    




Chapter Text

Peggy couldn’t stop thinking about the beds. The rows and rows of beds filled with little girls chained to them. Little girls who were denied a childhood to be made into weapons. Little girls who grew up into murderers who didn’t blink and destroy cities. 
 
So she had decided that no matter what that SSR decided, she was going to use her connections to try and find out where active institutions were and where all the little girls that slept handcuffed to their beds were in the world now. They were threats to the world. 
 
She had her friends in the Commandos who were still fighting their way through Europe to notify her if they found anything. 
 
That was how she was told about the 5 abandoned buildings in Murmansk and the one seemingly active building in Stalingrad. First, they would search the abandoned buildings, search them for any information that might have been left behind before coming up with a plan for the active one. 
 
So it was decided she would be leaving for Murmansk that night. She just had to tell Angie. 
 
…
 
“How long will you be gone?” Angie was sitting on the counter, her arms crossed not thrilled to have her plans to spend a weekend alone with her girlfriend to be canceled. 

“If everything goes well I should be back in just under a week.” 

“So you’ll be home in a week or I need to accept that you won’t be back?” 

“Angie…”

“I know, I know the damage one Dottie did. Just...it ain’t easy seeing you leave and knowing you might never be back.” 

“It’s not easy for me to leave and once I can get the SSR to take this seriously and assign some agents I won’t have to.” Peggy meant it when she told Dum Dum that she was ready for her days on the front to be over. “The flight isn’t until tonight.” 

“So you want to distract me into forgetting how worried I am?” 

“Or remind you why you continue to stay with me.” Peggy offered. Angie just gave a quick laugh. 

“You sure know how to woo a gal English.” 
 
… 

Clearing the abandoned buildings were tough, even with the 107. It was tough, it was hard and there was always a few people left to take care of anyone who went after them. 

The first room they went into was an office with filing cabinets. 

“Right Sam, with me grab any and all files you see. Everyone else stands guard.” Peggy ordered. 

“Remember, you see a crying little girl you don’t get close.” Dum Dum reminded them. He was still sore over being played a fool that first time. 

“And we do not need to frag little girls.” Peggy reminded them, grabbing the files and shoving them into the bag. 

“We do if they’re killers, even little girl killers.” 

“Last I checked dead little girls do not give information.” Peggy had just found a file with a photo of a baby on the top, the infant looked to be a few months old at most. She had just pulled the file out when a gunshot rang out in the room. 

She pulled her own pistol out and searched the room for the threat. 

“It was just a rat…” Pinky muttered. 

“Good Lord, get ahold of yourself.” Peggy glared at him. “We may need to prepare ourselves to find a room of cribs…” 

“Cribs? What are they doing stuff to babies?” 

“We can’t put anything past these monsters.” Peggy sighed flipping through the file frowning. 

“I’m gonna be sick.” Sam spoke up from his position near the file cabinet. He was flipping through his own file. “What they do to these girls…they’re no older than Jackie…”

“This is why we need to put an end to this program.” 

“The fact that no one has come to investigate the shot is a good sign.” Pinky offered. “Must be truly abandoned.” 

“Still guards up Gents.” Peggy emptied the files into her bag. 

After four more rooms of finding and gathering intel, they made it into what looked like a classroom with old blood splatter on some of the desks. 

“What kind of lessons were they teaching?” 

“Fear.” 

“And I thought the nuns were bad.” Dum Dum muttered. “There’s a face print in blood on this one.” He pointed at a desk. “You ever deal with nuns Peg?”

“Can’t say I have, though if you caught the headmaster on a bad day you wouldn’t be sitting for a week, if you crossed one of the female teachers on a bad day, you got slapped into next week. One of the girls I went to school with still has a scar from where Ms. O’Brien’s ring split open her lip.” 

“One of the plus sides with the nuns. No rings.” 

“The priest at my school used a wooden paddle with holes. Named it The Lord’s Helping Hand.” 

“Headmaster at our school, he just used leather. We used to have a bunch of switches but word got out that some girl from our sister school had four of those broken on her and she wasn’t phased.” Pinky explained. 

“What school did you go to?” Peggy was trying not to look smug at the fact that the legend of her spread to the brother school.

“St. Martin in the Fields for boys.” Pinky explained eyeing Peggy carefully. “Why do you know girls who went to the sister school?”

“Oh I know many. It’s my old 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
Found Family

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

