Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The elevator dinged and its sleek silver doors opened to reveal a carefree-looking Clint Barton, stuffing his face with a mystery-meat burrito. And Steve Rogers, aka Captain America when clad in his red, white and blue Kevlar triple layer bio-weave fiber suit and cowl, briefly looked up from his Starktech laptop and greeted, “hey, Clint.”“Hiya, Cap! What’s up? Still trying to get a feel for that new laptop of yours, I see,” Clint observed, shooting the last remaining bite of his burrito in his mouth with a slight twitch of the corners of his lips, in imitation of amusement. “It hasn’t died on you, has it?” Clint asked, noticing the slight wrinkle between Steve’s brows as the latter lowered his eyes again to return his unadulterated attention to the laptop’s screen.“I don’t get it. I keep closing this window that tells me I’ve won the lottery in Maryland, but it keeps flashing back up. I don’t know what I’m doing wrong!” Steve looked up to meet Clint’s eyes again, irritation quite plainly evident in the tone of his voice and the flash of his otherwise clear, robin’s egg-blue eyes. “Please don’t poke fun at me… I swear I got this when I was using the SHIELD-issued tablet, but now it’s like I’m back at the starting line,” the blond groaned, vigorously scratching the nape of his neck with a grimace. He looked about thirty seconds away from picking up the god-awful contraption and hurling it against the nearest wall.Considering that the nearest wall currently showcased Tony Stark’s high-flying coffee machine that looked like it would sooner launch a Mars-bound pod in an explosion of sparks in all shades found in the bloody color wheel than brew coffee, Clint thought a timely intervention was definitely necessary. There was no need to add an apoplectic Tony Stark in the mix—Captain America nearly blowing a gasket over being repeatedly told that he’d won a Maryland lottery was more than enough.Then again, it was only ten o’clock in the morning. Plenty of time left for things to get horribly wrong in the Avengers Tower. Natasha hasn’t yet found her favorite Sleeping Beauty pajamas that Clint hid in the collapsible wall of the northeast vent, and she looked more than ready to choke someone out with the teabag string that morning when she tried to casually ask the rest of them about it.Plenty. Of time.Clint positioned himself behind the Captain to get a full view of what the latter’s concerns were about and leaned forward, bracing himself against the countertop and peeking at the screen by Steve’s right shoulder. “What are you doing at this site anyway? You’re not looking for porn, are you?”“We eat here! You think I’d pick here to use the internet to look up porn?!” Steve turned to look at him, aghast but the beginnings of embarrassment were obvious in the pink shades of his ears.The common floor, as the Tower’s peculiar group of residents has fondly begun to call it, housed the kitchen, dining area, gym, recreation room and reading room. The room was where they commonly assembled—not to face some nefarious villain or save ailing citizens by the thousands but to fight over who gets the first pot of fresh coffee, choose the next movie, pop a batch of popcorn, or suggest the next card or board game—when they got bored. The rest of the rooms comprising the common floor were situated off both sides of the wide hallway, the edge of which faced the elevator, bisecting the main space where the recreation room and the kitchen and dining area were located.The common floor was brightly-lit during the day by the natural light coming in from the floor-to-ceiling tempered glass windows that could be dimmed on command with the help of Stark’s artificial intelligence and butler, JARVIS that everyone has also begun to fondly consider as an unofficial Avenger. By night, the room glowed from the ever-shining lights of the City that Never Sleeps and the dramatic, if at times over-the-top, mood lights scattered all over the critical points of the area. Comfy armchairs, couches and bean bag chairs littered the floor, especially in front of the humongous flat-screen television and home entertainment system right across from the kitchen and dining area.While every resident of the Tower had their actual sleeping quarters at different floors of the building—and for Bruce, Stark and the former SHIELD operatives who had their personal laboratory, workshop and training space, respectively, in yet other floors, what undeniably made for home for most of them was the common floor.“Alright, alright! Don’t look at me like that—all defensive and shit! What are you looking for?”“I’m looking for book recommendations. I’ve finished the last ones that Natasha suggested. I thought I’d look up some good recommendations in Google, but when I clicked a link to a—what’s that called—a thread? I keep getting these flashing windows and advertisements fill up half my screen! I keep clicking them off, but they refuse to go away. And then
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Past Pepper

freeform: 
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Pseudonyms
Chatting & Messaging
fictional website
Bisexuality
Internet
Secret Identity
Post-Iron Man 3
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Sloooooooooow Build
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark break up
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Artist Steve Rogers
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Online Friendship
Online Romance
Online Relationship
Alternate Universe
Identity Porn
Romance
Eventual Happy Ending
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Past Pepper

