Chapter 1





Chapter Text

The whole thing had been kind of a shit show, and a huge misunderstanding. 
 
Kate was good with her hands, she could 

fight

, but she wasn't 

Russian military, reared assassin 

good. 
 
So, she got her ass handed to her, multiple times over the past two days, by this pretty girl who was trying to kill Clint. 
 
She came out of it with a black eye and fractured fingers, honestly pretty decent all things considered. 
 
But it was sorted now, Clint had talked Yelena down, told her everything that happened while they were on Vormir, how Natasha had sacrificed herself to get the soul stone to stop Thanos. 
 
Kate left them to it, hobbling home with her tail tucked firmly between her legs to feed Lucky and ice all the parts of her that hurt, splinting her own fingers like Clint had taught her. 
 
She was ready to relax, having popped a whole bunch of painkillers, ice and frozen peas balanced on her shoulder and hand, when she turned around and Yelena was just 

there. 

 
On pure instinct Kate struck out, but Yelena anticipated it and dodged it with ease, pulling Kate around and pinning her against the wall, little smile playing on her lips. 
 
"You have got gumption, Kate Bishop." Yelena tilted her head a little, eyeing the injuries littering Kate's face.
 
"Is this really necessary?" Kate grumbled, nodding down to the arm at her throat.
 
"Sorry," Yelena took a few steps back. "Force of habit."
 
Kate nodded. "Clint isn't here,"
 
"No, I came to see you." Yelena then started routing around the kitchen, while Kate and Lucky simply watched. "Do you have vodka?"
 
"Under the sink,"
 
"Perfect," Yelena grabbed the bottle, and the two glasses from the drying rack. 
 
Lucky whined, looking up at Kate, and Kate shrugged down at him. 
 
"I want to apologise," Yelena said, handing a glass off to Kate. "For breaking your fingers, and all the other things."
 
Kate nodded, a little taken aback by that, holding the glass up when Yelena did. "I'm sorry for… doing exactly no damage to you."
 
"You gave it a pretty good shot." Yelena was grinning in what Kate 

hoped 

was a teasing way before downing the liquid in her glass, Kate following suit, cringing at the burning. "You are exceptional with that bow, though."
 
"Oh, thank you." Kate perked up, smiling like that woman hadn't been trying to kill her not two hours ago. 
 
"You are welcome." Yelena nodded, heading for the fridge. "Do you have food? Also medical supplies so I can properly put a splint on those fingers and fix those cuts."
 
"Wha- I did it exactly like I was told." Kate argued. 
 
"Then you were told wrong." Yelena motioned to the table, moving to grab the first aid kit that was sitting by the fridge, that had been getting far too much use as of late. "Sit."
 
Kate obeyed immediately, Lucky following suit, sitting down alongside her, his head on her lap. 
 
"He is very sweet," Yelena commented, crouching down to scratch his ears. "What is his name?"
 
"Pizza dog," Kate couldn't not smile a little when Yelena looked up at her with a confused little frown. "He loves pizza."
 
"So you named him after the food he loves and the animal he is?"
 
"Mm," Kate nodded, crooked little smile, entirely too flustered by this pretty, very much a total badass, woman that now had a hand on her thigh, the other taking her injured hand. "Guess that would make me Lasagne human."
 
Kate had never felt more lame in her life, and she had a few instances of being fucking lame with pretty girls, but Yelena snorted out something that was almost a laugh, tentatively unwrapping the splint. 
 
"Guess I am sandwich human."
 
"Your favourite food is a sandwich?"
 
"You can do so much with a sandwich," Yelena reasoned. 
 
"True, yeah." Kate nodded, her eyes on Yelena's hands as they worked to adjust the splint. 
 
Considering how hard she hit, how mean she was, she was being far more gentle than Kate had expected. 
 
She finished up with the splint, pouring them out more alcohol before moving to the cuts on Kate's face. 
 
"Are you just hurt here?" She asked quietly, entirely too close as she worked on the gash going vertically through Kate's eyebrow. 
 
"Uh," Kate hummed, the situation not being helped when Yelena looked her square in the eyes and arched her eyebrow at her. This woman had just tried to 

kill 

her, Kate shouldn't 

not 

be having this problem. "I cut up my back pretty badly when you kicked me through that window."
 
Yelena looked 

almost

 sheepish, "Sorry."
 
"It's fine, it was kinda hot." Kate found herself saying, and, not for the first time in her life, wondering if she needed fucking professional help. 
 
"Noted," Yelena said with a little smile, motioning down to Kate. "Take your shirt off."
 
Kate blinked up at her a few times, a slow frown pulling on her brow. "Huh?"
 
Yelena was fully smirking now, absolutely trying to wind Kate up. "I am going to make sure you don't have any glass in your back, and clean your wounds."
 
"Right, o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

