Chapter 1





Chapter Text
I was, maybe I wasn’t. I wasn’t sure.  I wasn’t warm. I wasn’t cold. I just was, or I wasn’t.  Nothing was everything, everything was nothing.  I wasn’t alone. I could feel others around me.  So many others.  But we just were.  I couldn’t communicate, I couldn’t touch, I couldn’t see.  We all just were.  Entities to ourselves, beings unto our own.  Then something changed.  The pain and fear I had felt minutes…days…years…before…time had lost all meaning…it was back.
“Clint, what the hell was that?”  I asked looking towards my husband, but he wasn’t there.  I could have sworn he had been next to me moments before.  I scanned the area around me, and slowly slipped into shock.  My garden, it was dead and over grown, the grass, long, uncut.  I looked back towards our home, it looked cold and empty.  The porch swing was hanging by one rope, the other broken.  The front door was wide open, screen door off of its hinges.
Slowly I made my way through the overgrowth, making my way back to the house.  Something was wrong, this wasn’t how everything was moments ago.  It was as if the world had shifted, moved forward without me, but that wasn’t possible.
The house was trashed.  I walked in the front door, stopped in my tracks.  Every movie, every book, every picture was pulled from its shelf.  The sofa was tipped over, cushions ripped, contents strewn about the room.  I went to the TV, tried to turn it on, nothing happened, it was plugged in, but wouldn’t turn on.  I pulled a lamp up off of the floor, its bulb was still intact, it was plugged in, but it wouldn’t turn on either.
“Power must be out.” I said to the nothingness around me.
Making my way into the kitchen, towards the breaker box on the wall by the back door, I was stopped by a horrid smell coming from the fridge.  I paused, only moments had passed, but the smell of rot and decay coming from the fridge was something that could only happen after days…weeks of the power being off.
“Where’s my phone?” I asked myself, trying to remember where I had left it before going on my walk.  “CLINT?” I shouted. “WHERE ARE YOU? WHERE IS MY PHONE?”  Panic was setting in.  I was hoping against hope that Clint was somewhere nearby, hiding from whatever had come over our home.  I received no answer.  I ran through the house, there was nothing on the main level, nothing but more destruction.
I ran up the stairs, calling for Clint and my phone as I went.  Still, I received no response. My phone was on the dresser, on the charger where I had left it.  I grabbed it, pounding the on button…. nothing, it was dead too.
“Shit.  CLINT?” I called out again.  I sunk into our bed when once again I received no response.  A puff of dust surrounded me as the linens settled around me. “Clint…” I whispered into the sheets as I laid down, fear and panic enveloping every ounce of my being.
Time had once again stopped.  I had no idea how long I had been laying on our bed, curled up around one of our pillows, a pillow that should have smelled of my husband, but now only smelled of dust and age.
A wave of nausea hit me hard.  I ran to the bathroom, ready to vomit into the toilet as I had done so many times since announcing to Clint that I was pregnant.  The toilet was nasty, the remaining water covered in a layer of scum, the bowl itself had streaks of black running down the sides.  Even in my panicked state, there was no way I was putting my face anywhere near that mess.  I quickly turned to the sink, it wasn’t in much better condition, but at least the faucet turned on when I yanked on the tap handle.  I rinsed the sink and my mouth after the vomit and nausea had passed, and made my way back to the bed.  Not wanting to lay back in the dusty sheets, I sat on the floor, resting my head on the foot of the bed, breathing deep, trying to centre myself, figure out my next step.
I must have fallen asleep; I opened my eyes to darkness. 
Toilet. Food. Water. Plan.
I stood slowly, waiting for my eyes to adjust to the dim light.  I knew the toilet in our bathroom was a horrible disgusting mess, but desperate times…I never thought I’d have to do a hover squat over my own toilet.
Back in the kitchen, trying not to breath through my nose, I rummaged through the cabinets, looking for something edible.  I opened a bag of gold fish, threw a few into my mouth, and spit them right back out.  They were soft and tasted wrong.
What the hell was going on? I thought to myself yet again.  It was as if the apocalypse had passed over my home, destroyed everything, and dropped me right back in the middle, without explanation. 
Food was out of the question, I no longer trusted anything in my cupboards or fridge. I moved on to figuring out water.  The kitchen faucet turned on, I pondered why I still had water pressure, but no electricity. For how long I stared at the water flowing down the drain, I don’t know…trying to figure it out, waiting for the pressure to drop, but it just kept on flowing.  I gr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Clint Barton/Original Female Character(s)

