Work Text:
Steve is fully aware that he doesn’t look like the kind of guy who has ‘Florist’ on his business card. He knows he isn’t the stereotypical ‘florist’ people have in their heads when they walk into his shop. He knows this because people tell him all the time. He tries to be cool about it – but honestly, it gets a little annoying hearing it every day. More than once. The only thing that actually keeps him sane is that there is a sex shop right next door and the couple that own it probably get more double takes than he does. Not because of anything kinky – but because Jemma looks like she’d faint at the sight of a dirty magazine and Leo stammers and blushes when he meets new people. Their English accents throw people too.He’s pretty sure that they get annoyed too, when people question them about their suitability for the job they have. Or stand in their shop holding a bouquet of discounted… his mind blanks, he’s got no idea what would be discounted in a sex shop… condoms or something – and look at them, mouths opening and…“Are you sure you’re the florist?” The man asks. He’s got some serious facial beard-scaping going on, and Steve is pretty sure a man who obviously spends more time than necessary measuring the points of his beard really shouldn’t be questioning Steve’s life choice.“Yes.” He manages, rather than opening his mouth and let out a tirade that will lose him a sale and probably get him a shitty Yelp review. New York has a lot of florists – it’s more cut throat than people imagined – and he couldn’t take the risk. “I’m a florist.”“Moonlighting as a stripper?”“Moonlighting as a florist.” He grinds out. The man blinks a few times, looks him over once more, and shrugs.“Alright, okay, whatever – moving on.” He puts the bouquet on the table and nods at them. “I may or may not have mortally offended my assistant, uh… CEO… my wife.” He points. “Wrap these, stat.”“Is this for your wife, your CEO or your assistant?” Steve asks, looking at the blooms. They were nice, of course – all his flowers were nice – but they were discounted for a reason. The reason being they were on the turn.“All of them.” A pause. “Uh, she’s all of the above.”“How offended is she?”“She’s pissed.”“And the discount bin is the solution?” Steve said. Okay, maybe he shouldn’t be sassing a customer, but fuck it, the dude was wearing a watch that looked like it cost more than Steve’s education, so he could probably afford to splash out a bit on his wife. CEO. Whatever.The man looked at the bunch of flowers on the counter and frowned, eyes darting around the shop. There were a lot of flowers, nice ones, big ones… ones that had deep meanings and ones that were just pretty.“Point.” The man said, nodding. “Right, throw me together something expensive that says… I’m really sorry I didn’t tell you I was dying.”Steve paused. Wait – what? “Uh, flowers will not cut that.” He said, looking the man over. He didn’t look sick or anything, but that didn’t mean anything. Dying? “That’s not a flower thing.”“I got her jewellery too.” The man shrugged. “And like, 10 pairs of shoes. The flowers are... uh… zhuzh? You know. Of course you know. It’s your job to know.”Steve blinked, but the man was walking around the shop looking at the flowers in their happy little water buckets. “Something classy, she’s classy, you know – and too good for me. Uh, wears a lot of white. Pointy shoes. She’s a red-head, nothing that’s gonna clash with that. Preferably something that’ll get me laid.” A pause. “Something that’ll make her smile.”“Does she know about flowers?”“All women know about flowers.” He said, waving a hand dismissively.Steve found himself gritting his teeth again. “The meaning of flowers.”The man paused. “Probably? She knows a lot of stuff. I mean, not as much as me – but you know, no one does.” He paused. “Look, as long as they look nice, I don’t care. Classy. Nothing trashy like these.” He pointed at the tiger lilies in their bucket.“Those aren’t trashy.”“They’re getting this orange stuff everywhere. She wears white.”Steve took a deep breath. “I’ll put something together.” He said, stepping out from behind his counter.“Jesus, were you made in a lab or something? You got some tattoo with a trademark stamped on your ass?” He looked like he was going to say more, but his mobile phone rang, distracting him. “Stark? He’s not here. No, this is his answering machine.” He said, walking around the shop. Steve blinked. Stark. Tony Stark was in his shop. Oh god, why didn’t he recognise him right away? The man had his face on every magazine at least once. Steve looked out of the glass fronted shop and glanced up. Sure enough, in the distance and dominating the skyline was the Tower. Stark Tower. Where Tony Stark, richest man in America, lived. Okay, he might not be the richest man in America, but Steve was sure he was in the top 10. Near the top. Which meant that he was buying flowers for Pepper Potts.The Pepper Potts.Steve might start hyperventilating.Because he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Florists
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Meet-Cute
First Meetings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

