Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Steven.” Steve looks up from his coloring.  The butcher’s wife had given him a whole pile of brown paper scraps a few days ago, and he has been coloring ever since with the pencils his mother got him for his birthday.  Steve likes to make drawings.  He draws people and places from his village, and he tries to copy illustrations from his father’s books.  The lines never come out as straight as he likes, and he can tell the colors aren't quite right because of his eyesight, but the pictures always made his mother smile, and so any time he can get his hands on some paper Steve is drawing. Steve puts his colored pencils down when he sees the solemnity of Dr. Erskine’s expression.  The doctor kneels in front of him, so that they can speak eye to eye.  Dr. Erskine is kind that way.  He never makes him feel small, or weak, even though Steve definitely is. Dr. Erskine’s voice is soft, and achingly sad.  Steve’s heart breaks in his chest, because he already knows what the doctor is going to say.  They’ve known it was coming for months. “Steven, it’s time.”“What’s going to happen to me?” Steve asks.  Their village is so small, too small for an orphanage.“It will be alright, my boy,” Dr. Erskine assures him, “Your father will return soon from the war.  Until then I will look after you.  You will not be alone.” “Thank you.”  Steve whimpers into the doctor’s jacket, allowing himself a moment of weakness.  Steve is ten years old and nearly grown, but he figures that when your mother is dying even nearly grown boys are allowed to cry. “There, there,” Dr. Erskine soothes him, offering Steve his clean white handkerchief, “Now, Steven.  Your mother would like to see you.  Are you ready to be brave?”Steve nods.  He doesn’t trust his voice, and any words he can manage he wants to save for his mother. Dr. Erskine takes Steve by the hand and guides him into his mother’s room.  Steve knows the way.  He’s spent much of the last few weeks in this room, doing his best to keep his mother’s spirits up, but this time as he walks through the doorway, Steve can sense the finality.  His mother smiles when she sees him, and reaches out with a trembling hand.“Steve.”  Even pale and weak, Sarah Rogers is still beautiful.  “My sweet boy, come sit with me.”Steve was afraid, but now he eagerly scrambles onto his mother’s bedside.  Sarah is propped with soft pillows, her gold hair framing her face like a halo.  Steve soaks in the sight of his mother’s face.  He knows he will draw it every day, so that he can carry her sweet expression with him forever. “Have you brought something to show me, darling?” his mother asks, and Steve remembers the butcher paper drawing in his hands.  He carefully unfolds the paper in his mother’s lap, pointing out the figures so that she can see.“There’s you,” he tells her, “And me, in front of our cottage.  And there is Father.  He’s small, because he’s far away, but he’s on his way home to us.” Sarah traces the drawing with shaking fingers. “It’s beautiful, Steve,” his mother says, taking Steve’s hand, “You have so much talent.  And so much courage.  I think there might not be another boy in the world with as much courage as you have.” Steve doesn’t feel brave.  He tries to smile for his mother, but a few fat tears steal their way down his cheeks against his will.“Oh no, my darling, don’t cry,” his mother urges him, pulling Steve into her embrace.  He makes sure his bad ear is against her chest, so Steve can hear his mother’s voice and not the rattle deep in Sarah’s lungs.“I don’t want you to leave,” Steve pleads, winding his fingers into his mother’s loose nightgown.  Her fingers stroke through his hair, soft and loving. “I wish it were up to us,” she says, “If it were I would never part from your side.  I love you so much.”Steve is still holding his mother’s hand.  Already her fingers feel cold, as though Death is close by, but Steve refuses to let go. “My brave boy,” Sarah murmurs, “You are going to bring so much magic to the world, Steve.  You’re brimful of goodness and courage, and magic always follows courage.”“Magic is real?” Steve pops his head up, and his mother laughs.“Of course, my love,” she tells him, “Magic is everywhere.  Sometimes you know it, when a magician does a trick, but sometimes it can surprise you.  Sometimes magic means working hard to make a beautiful drawing, or knowing the right ingredients to make a sick person well.  And sometimes magic is love, so strong that it allows a mother to watch over her dear boy, even though she has to be far away.”Steve’s eyes are full of tears again, and no amount of courage can stop them spilling down his cheeks.  Sarah is struggling to draw breath, but still she smiles and places one last kiss on her son’s brow. “Magic,” she whispers in Steve’s good ear, “Means that I will always be with you.  No matter what.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fairy Tale
Fairy Tale Style
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Male Cinderella
prince bucky
Fairy Godparents
True Love
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Frottage
Romance
Love at First Sight
Ballroom Dancing
Kissing
Marriage
Loss of Parent(s)
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Chronic Illness
Artist Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve
Oral Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

