Chapter 1: Prologue - Tony
    




Chapter Text
Tony was freaking out. A lot. Saying that he was freaking out was a major understatement, actually. He’d held it together until the portal closed. When the last golden spark hit the ground Tony let out a deep breath and fell back against a wall.What the fuck had he just done?!His clear, pain-free mind wandered to the spectacular sex he’d just had with Stephen. God, it had been ages since he’d given someone a blowjob. He’d missed it, missed the feeling of a hard cock in his hand, of the weight on his tongue, even the mess. Which was probably why he’d licked his fingers. Stupid, he cursed himself for not using a condom. Now he had to go get tested. And after the mess when he’d gotten into after having his ear looked at, there was no way in hell he was going to a clinic. Maybe he could get Banner to run some tests.If the bj had been it, he would have been fine. It might have been the first unsafe sex he’d had in over a decade, but it was unlikely to be the last. If he had to do another round of penicillin, then he’d live. He hadn’t seen any sores, so he’d probably be ok herpes wise. He might just have a prescription written without any tests and be done with it.But, there was the blood part of the encounter. Even if Stephen hadn’t told him to swallow after biting, he would have. He hadn’t even had to think about biting in the first place, he’d done it on instinct. He wanted a claim on Stephen.Which wasn’t normal. Yes, Tony could be as possessive as the next person, but he’d been in a controlling relationship. He knew that the other person had to be free to thrive. And he’d never had an ownership kink. In fact, tattooing, scarification, and branding was a huge turn off. He was a person, not a pet. Somehow, it hadn’t hit him that Stephen’s scar on his neck was a mark of ownership until Tony saw the bite he’d left.The morning had dawned bright, and he had woken up purring. He was happy, warm, and sated. His whole body sung. And he’d enjoyed it until he saw Stephen’s hip. The bite was gruesome. There was dried blood smeared across the pale skin, bruising around the whole area, wicked looking puncture wounds freshly scabbed over and the clear outline of his other teeth. If the horror at what he’d done hadn’t been enough, he’d felt happy about it. He’d known that would scar, that Stephen would see it every day when he dressed. That other people would see it if Stephen ever took them to bed. They’d know that Stephen was taken, that he belonged to Tony.And that was what broke him.He really didn’t give a fuck about being kidnapped by a cult. It had only been a few days, a week at most (hopefully), and he was sure that nothing drastic had changed while he wasn’t around. And, if it had, that him being there wouldn’t have made a difference. Even the existence of magic, of soulmates, of all that bs wasn’t that worrisome. No, it was the fact that he was one of those people. He’d lived his whole life to spite those people. He’d done what he wanted, bowed to no one, in fact, it was the breaking point in his only serious relationship. He wouldn’t be owned, and he wasn’t going to own anyone else, either. He was better than that.Except... he wasn’t.The only thing that was keeping him sane was the fact that Stephen had been so cute when Tony had left. Tony understood that from Stephen’s point of view Tony had been kidnapped and coerced into sex. But, honestly if Tony had found Stephen earlier they would have ended up with their pants down as soon as they were alone. (Probably would have made a mess in the office of the doctor’s new hospital.) The magic aspect actually kind of put a damper on the whole thing. When he discovered that Stephen wasn’t being coerced by his cult, that he wanted Tony as much as Tony wanted him, Tony was more than happy to bed him. But when Stephen pursued him, made it clear he wanted more than just a onetime thing, that he wanted to try a relationship, Tony was hooked. Stephen hadn’t been groveling, hadn’t been acting like a stereotypical kept submissive after his bite, he knew what he wanted and he asked for it. But he hadn’t acted like he owned Tony either. It was clear Stephen was holding himself back, trying not to force anything or pressure Tony. Stephen didn’t see Tony as a monster. The dark part of Tony had cooled before he’d even found the Ancient One that morning, and Tony hadn’t felt any possessiveness when they’d parted ways. Tony had seen Stephen the way he had before: as a hot piece of ass he wanted to get to know better. That second part held more weight than the first now that the brain fuzz had cleared. And fuck if that kiss on the cheek hadn’t made Tony weak in the knees.There was a beep from the tablet and Tony jumped, he realized he’d been lost in thought for ages. He looked around, trying to bring himself to the moment. He shouldn’t be standing in some deserted alley, he needed to find the airport.He looked down to the busy street, wonde
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 3
Non-Consensual Touching
Self-Harm
Graphic Description
Mental Breakdown
Extremis (Marvel)
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Human Trafficking
Non-Consensual Drug Use
previous tags in series
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
SHIELD
Violence
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

