Work Text:
“Where else could we go?” Steve smiled at the woman sitting on the stool beside him, taking a sip of his beer and reminding himself to be casual and to think before he spoke.  He knew that sometimes he came off as a fumbling jerk, saying all the wrong things, or the right things but at the wrong time or with the wrong audience.  He got tongue tied and flustered, and for some reason people didn’t see that he was floundering; they just saw a tall, broad, confident man. “I don’t like indecisive men,” Christy finally told him, standing steadily on her four inch heels.  She’d asked him if he wanted to take this somewhere else, and Steve couldn’t think of anywhere else to take this that wasn’t completely presumptuous.  All he had asked was where else they could go.  He wasn’t entirely sure why that sounded indecisive.  Maybe she actually expected him to say yes and then take her somewhere instead of approaching it like a negotiation that put emphasis on her comfort? Yeah. Actually, that was what she wanted.  He’d read the signs wrong.  Again. And really, he was probably incapable of throwing someone he just met over his shoulder and bringing them back to his bedroom, but he supposed he could have phrased the question differently? He looked at her with an enquiring expression as she stared down at him like she expected something from him.  Then she sighed with exasperation, gathered her jacket, and huffed as she stomped away from him, leaving Steve with the confused look on his face. “And Steve doesn’t like people who make terrible choices,” Bucky answered her, slinging his arm around Steve’s shoulders and swaying slightly into him.  “You’re missing out, lady!  Steve knows how to make decisions,” he called after her as she moved away from the bar, probably to get away from Bucky’s yelling by that point.  “He’s a big D with a big D.  It’s some package,” he giggled, falling into Steve’s lap, his back jolting against the lip of the bar before Steve could bring his hand up to cushion Bucky’s spine.  “Some package. Hi.” “Hi Buck,” Steve answered, his mouth twitching in amusement despite the horrible embarrassment he felt as everyone within earshot either turned their backs on them or gave Steve a once-over. “I pre-gamed too hard,” Bucky slurred at him, trying to get back to his feet.  He ended up petting Steve’s shoulder.  “It was a terrible choice.  You still like me, right?” “Yeah, I’ll like you no matter what terrible choices you make,” Steve promised, steadying Bucky as he got to his feet.  “Unfortunately I seem to be stuck with you.” Bucky pursed his lips in thought.  “Good.” Her name was Christy, and it wasn’t the first time Bucky had completely failed at being a wingman, but it was definitely the first time he embarrassed Steve in front of the whole bar while doing it. Ok, no.  That wasn’t true either. * “I’m really looking for more than a one-night stand,” Abby told him, picking at the corner of the table they were sitting at in a way that grated on Steve’s nerves.  He knew that bar tables were bought to withstand the abuse of drunk customers, and these looked like they’d been through a lot of it, but Steve still thought it was disrespectful to deliberately add to the distressed look of the table that probably was neither neglect nor aesthetic.  Steve wasn’t exactly opposed to the idea of more out of a relationship.  He just wasn’t sure that she was the right fit.  One of the first things she said to him was ‘I hope the cocktails are good here. The bartender’s outfit is really gay, so I assume he can mix a drink’.  It was immediately off-putting, but Steve didn’t want to be the guy who would just get up and leave a date.  He felt like there was a 1-hr minimum he was obligated to sit through after making the commitment to go out with someone, especially someone he didn’t know. His eyes cast towards the bar where Bucky was lounging with his back pressed against the counter, a beer in his hand as he casually spoke to the person next to him with a charming smile.  Steve had almost murdered Bucky when he had shown up ten minutes into Steve’s blind date, tossed Steve a mischievous smirk and a quirk of his eyebrow that Bucky probably thought was charming but just prompted Steve into wanting to physically pick him up and throw him out of the bar, and settled himself just far enough away that he couldn’t overhead what Steve was saying. But he could oversee everything in typical Bucky douchery. Bucky’s eyes cut towards Steve and he gave Steve a questioning look.  Steve hoped his expression said ‘we’re going to be done here soon, no need to save me.’ “I’m not very good at casual,” Steve admitted, turning away from Bucky, “but I’m not sure the fit is right.” “What do you mean you’re not sure?” she questioned, more piqued than Steve was comfortable with.  “Is this some kind of play to trick me into having sex with you?” “No,” Steve exclaimed, horrified at the very idea.  “Being in a relationship is something that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Other(s)

freeform: 
Bucky tries to help Steve navigate casual dating
and repeatedly fails
Romantic Comedy
Alternate Universe
Friends to Lovers
Steve goes on a lot of dates
and always ends up going home with Bucky
it shouldn't have taken him so long to realize there might be something to that
Fights
Awkward Flirting
Idiots in Love

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Other(s)

