Chapter 1: the infinity stones are some messy bitches
    


Summary:

The Time Stone has a betting problem, Stephen would like the record to state he didn't do shit this time and Tony just wants to nap.



Notes:
hey, should i add this to the 'playboy tony' series? idk if it fits even though its cracky mhm

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Time was a funny thing.Not the Time Stone, of course.The Time Stone was not funny at all, according to every one of his siblings. They claimed he was ‘moody, and boring, and acted like he was the oldest even though the Infinity Stones were sextuplets and had  all  been born at the same exact time’ (Time  was  the oldest, because he was  Time  and how could they be born  out of time? A paradox, therefore he was the oldest).Also, according to Space, Time was ‘the only one who found a place to live and immediately accepted the first being who touched him, like some sort of basic bitch; no wonder he got along with the Sorcerer Stephen Strange so well’.Space was  very rude.But back to the first point: time was a funny thing.Because it just  was. One moment stretched into countless of smaller moments within a finite period of  time, but that was at the same time infinite.Which explained why time itself seemed to be frozen as the Time Stone moved towards Thanos’ hand.At least for the sentient beings around them it would feel like that.To the Time Stone it felt like a lifetime since this ‘discussion’ with his siblings had started and he was already sick of it. This was exactly why he never went to family reunions.“But why  not,” whined the Space Stone. “This is not  fair.”“It is not our job to be  fair,” answered the Time Stone for the 982640220219742465th time already. “It is our job to  be.”“It is our job to  be,” mocked the Reality Stone, causing what sounded like a laugh even from Power.“Shut up, Reality,” he commanded, which of course had no effect on his ‘gender-is-a-human-construct-anyway’ sibling. He ignored their further mocking, focusing on Soul and Space’s whining again. “We should not mess around with things like this. The sentient beings of this Universe have their free will and are able to do as they wish. It is as it has always been and as it will always be.”“But it’s not fair,” complained Soul, using the same tone Space was. What a copycat. He had thought that being alone on Vormir had mellowed her, but all it had done was make her whinier than before, and obsessed with all the tales about humans that Space kept telling her about ever since they had made that deal about the Red Skull. They always got all weepy when their favourite sentient beings died, which was, incidentally, what this entire thing was about.About Space’s favourite dying and Soul reading in Stephen Strange’s soul that hers too was going to die soon.“It doesn’t matter if it’s fair,” he repeated, and their whinings just grew in pitch. Time did not have ears, but if he had had them, they’d have been  bleeding.“Reality,” complained Space. “Won’t you be sad that your pet Jane Foster will also die? That is so  sad. Don’t you want to keep her?”“I can just make myself a new Jane Foster if this one dies,” said Reality, sounding bored. “Because I can manipulate the fabric of Reality, you know?”“Why can Reality do that but  I am not allowed to simply resuscitate my favourite beings?” asked Soul, and Time envied beings with eyes who were able to roll them. He’d have loved to roll his eyes right now.“Because that involves turning back Time to pull his Soul out, and that is my Realm, and I’m not allowing that. Reality is not actually bringing back their Jane Foster, they are bringing back her golem. Which is  very creepy.”“Shut up Time, no one asked you,” snapped back their sibling, before turning back to ignore him by turning slightly liquid inside of the gauntlet. “Now can we go back to Thanos halving the Universe’s population and then ‘destroying’ us? It’s always so funny when they think they can  actually make us destroy each other.”“Your pet human will also die!” quickly said Space, sounding panicked as she tried to find a way to stall this.“And then he will come back,” said Time, easily. “And when he dies, eventually, there are a lot of talented sorcerers out there who will-”“How about a bet?” suddenly said Soul, and Time unwillingly perked up at that.“You’re not supposed to bet with Time,” grumbled Power from where they had been laying and listening all this time. “He’s still recovering from the addiction and we won’t have time to send him to rehab this time, which-”“I’m listening,” said Time, ignoring Power’s remarks completely. “What do you want to bet?”“You said that our ‘destruction’ is the only way to defeat Thanos, right?” confirmed Soul. At his mute assent, she continued. “Well, I bet you that, if we send  my  human,  your  human and  Space’s  being back in time to a point of our choosing, they could find a way of defeating Thanos  without us
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Agatha Harkness/Ancient One
(Minor)

freeform: 
Time Travel
Crack Treated Seriously
Sentient Infinity Stones (Marvel)
Dont expect this to make sense
Civil War Team Iron Man
Pining Stephen Strange
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Mild Sexual Content
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
not SHIELD friendly
They are barely in the fic but im mean whenever they are
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
some plot mostly crack
Miscommunication
Oblivious Tony Stark
questionable life choices
Drama
Hela/Thena

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Agatha Harkness/Ancient One
(Minor)

