Chapter 1: In a Garden
    




Chapter Text
“The garden looks positively beautiful Crowley,” Aziraphale murmured as he wrapped his arms around the demon’s waist from behind.Crowley eyed the plants sharply. “They wouldn’t dare be anything else,” he huffed, leaning back into the angel’s hold.It had been a few months since the pair moved into their South Downs Cottage together and it was truly starting to feel like home now. Crowley’s plant hobby had spread to the entire garden instead of just one room and Aziraphale liked to gently tease him about the demon creating their own Eden. The angel still had his bookshop but most of his treasured books had been moved to the little library in the cottage.The books were kept well away from any fireplace and Crowley had banned candles so he wasn’t as twitchy about it anymore.Aziraphale knew that he still had nightmares about the fire. Moving out of the bookshop did seem to have helped that a bit though.They had their own space now, untainted by negative memories and holding only bright opportunities for the future. The peace was unusual but a welcomed change after all these years.“I can still hardly believe it,” Aziraphale whispered, staring out at the lush greenery that Crowley had coaxed from the originally barren garden.He’d never understood why the other angels seemed so sure that demons only brought death wherever they went. Ever since meeting Crowley, all those centuries ago on the wall of Eden, Aziraphale had seen how the plants tried to impress the demon as he went by. He’d noticed how they grew more vibrant when Crowley would stop and take notice of a particular one, even if his words were cruel.Over the many years of friendship with the demon, Aziraphale had learnt to listen for the intention under the demon’s words.As a demon, he couldn’t be kind. He couldn’t be gentle or soft to the plants and coax them to life. So he hid it all under threats and sharp words.It had been too dangerous for him otherwise. It would have been a weakness to any demon who saw.In the end, everyone viewed his habit of shouting at his plants as an odd quirk. Nothing to be concerned about. Everyone except Aziraphale. He’d seen the care and heard the worry in the demon’s voice when he would yell at a particularly sickly plant. He could hear the soft relief when he’d huff and tell a plant that they’d improved from a dreadful state but that they needed to do better.He’d long since noticed as the threats and insults turned more into misdirected self-loathing rants and he’d felt helpless to do anything about it.Things were different now but some habits were hard to break. Crowley still couldn’t bring himself to drop the aggressive behaviour during gardening.The same way that Aziraphale still found himself overthinking any miracles he’d use for mundane things, worrying about Gabriel coming to lecture him again.It always took him a moment to remember that Gabriel was apparently in trouble with Michael and Uriel the same way Crowley suddenly cut off in a rant against his plants when he remembered that it didn’t matter if anyone saw him being kind.They were free but some things took a while.The couple stood there for a moment, just enjoying the quiet and peaceful atmosphere. A gentle breeze blew through the air, ruffling the leaves of the trees and bringing the scent of flowers towards them.“Sometimes I think that you should open a nursery,” Aziraphale mused into the silence.He felt more than saw Crowley startle.“What?” The demon sounded perplexed.“The things you can do with plants are amazing dear. I’m always in awe of what you can achieve. I never had much luck with growing anything.”He chuckled as Crowley muttered something incoherent and probably not even close to actual words. He was still working on getting the demon to accept genuine compliments.“It looks like it’s going to be a delightful night,” Aziraphale continued, glancing up at the cloudless sky, the sun setting in a blaze of colour. “What do you say to an evening picnic? We can watch the stars come out.”His demon was always a softie when it came to the stars. He didn’t talk about them much or stargaze with company very often, but Aziraphale could understand why.He didn’t know much about Crowley’s time as an angel, Crowley didn’t even know thanks to that pesky side-effect of the Fall being that everyone lost most of their memories of the Fallen, but the few memories that Crowley did have he treasured in private.And the stars were one of them.Aziraphale still wondered sometimes what his demon had been like Before. Did he have the same tendency towards mischief? The same smile and kindness as he coaxed stars into being the same way he coaxed the plants to breath-taking beauty?What did the Fall change, if anything?“That sounds nice,” Crowley murmured, his gaze sweeping up from the garden to the slowly darkening sky. “We can see if you remember any of their names this time.”Aziraphale pouted and he didn’t have to look to know that Cro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Aziraphale/Crowley (Good Omens)

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
possible redemption for other Rogues
BAMF Crowley (Good Omens)
BAMF Aziraphale (Good Omens)
Hurt Tony Stark

fandom: 
Aziraphale/Crowley (Good Omens)

