Chapter 1: December 8: Now
    


        Chapter by Speranza




Chapter Text

Steve opened his eyes in the darkness and listened, because it must have been the old pipes banging that had woken him up. He only heard the gentle hissing of steam, though, and a moment later, he realized that the covers on the other side of the bed had been thrown back, and Bucky wasn’t there. The faint glow in the room wasn’t from the streetlight (the curtains were drawn) but from the door. Steve got up.


Bucky was sitting—slouching, really—at their kitchen table, his hands cupped around a glass of something. He looked like he’d been staring out into space, though his eyes immediately moved to Steve when he came in. Bucky’s face had settled into familiar exhausted lines, dark shadows everywhere. It made Steve’s gut twist. He’d hoped they were past this. He went into the kitchen and took a glass out of the cabinet, then looked around for the bottle of whatever Bucky was drinking, for solidarity. He didn’t see it. Then he realized that Bucky had his hands wrapped around a mug. Bucky was drinking...tea.


Well that was something.


“Water’s still hot,” Bucky scraped out, then coughed to clear the frog from his throat. Steve glanced at the kettle—he’d probably been woken by its whistle—and silently switched his glass out for a mug, setting a teabag to steep. Then he turned back to Bucky and began to knead his shoulders. He had decades of experience in knowing which of Bucky’s muscles knotted when he was upset, and the metal arm hadn’t changed that as much as you'd've thought. He squeezed and dug in with his thumbs, and Bucky let out a low pleased moan and pressed back against his hands.


Finally, when he thought his tea had steeped enough, Steve doctored it up as he liked and pulled out a chair. “I thought the nightmares had stopped,” he said softly, because it had been a long time since Bucky’d been kept up at night by bad memories and troubled thoughts.  As far as he knew Bucky’d been sleeping well for ages now, here in this home that he’d made for them, this safe haven. Beyond that, he’d dared hope that Bucky’s ride on the Captain America float had helped with wounds that time, an active program of atonement, and the best lawyer in America had yet failed to heal. “When did they start up again?” 


But Bucky shook his head. “I didn’t have—” he began, and then: “It wasn’t a nightmare. It was a 

dream.

 I dreamed of my 

mother.

” His eyes filled with tears, and he covered them with his arm.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Advent Calendar
Period Typical Attitudes
period-typical nazis
Weddings
lobster salad

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

