Chapter 1: One.
    




Chapter Text
Kate has always loathed events like these.She grew up around these functions, being born into a rich family and all. Though she didn't want to sound ungrateful, she couldn't help but find them boring. Sure, she was wealthy like most of these people, but they were so prissy and stuck up, she couldn't help be uncomfortable. Kate is used to faking smiles and usually go by unnoticed. Hopefully, this gala would end like the hundreds of others she's been to.At least, that was what she hoped before she found out her mother was engaged. To Jack, of all people. Her jaw tightens at the mere mention of him. There was something off about him, something condescending and ingenuine that she couldn't quite put her finger on. She hardly knew the man and her mother was expecting her to just be happy for her? Even though it's been years since her father's passing, she couldn't help but feel like she was betraying him somehow.It's like the last piece of him she had left would soon be erased once Jack marries her mom, and she wasn't ready to let him go quite yet."I need a drink," she huffs, making her way to the bar across the large ballroom.She sits down on the leather barstool, greeted by the patient face of the bartender who's waiting for her order, "I'll take a Manhattan, please."The bartender opens his mouth to speak, only to be interrupted by another voice, just two seats down from her, "And I'll take a vodka, on the rocks."Kate glances in her direction before she knew it, eyes taking in a woman she's never seen before. Her gaze was stoic, expressionless, eyes staring ahead without a hint of looking anywhere else. Her fingers dance idly on the rim of her empty glass before she rests one-pointedly just below her bottom lip.Kate is suddenly taken back by how striking this woman is. She's beautiful, built but still slender, shapely, dressed in a white collared shirt and black dress pants, her feet bare with her heels resting by the bar stool. Her hair is a bright blonde as if it were kissed by fire, tumbling down her back pleasantly; a pert nose, full, lush lips that are pink and inviting, strong, unique features beyond compare."They say staring is rude," the woman spoke plainly, her voice thick with an accent she couldn't quite detect. Russian, she supposes.She glances in Kate's direction, and she can't help but get lost in her eyes as well. They're blue and green, a shimmering mixture of both that reminds her of the ocean. They're deep, powerful, mysterious, but damaged. There was...damage in her gaze that she tried to hide but constantly failed to.Realizing that she was still staring, she shook herself out of her stupor and clears her throat, staring at her glass that was now filled with an amber liquid, "Sorry..."She responds with a slight grunt, taking a pull of her own drink without even a wince.Kate nervously taps her fingers against the wooden table, her drink now forgotten as she wonders what to say to the mysterious stranger, "Do you come to these things often?""No, I find them boring actually.""Yeah," Kate breathes a nervous laugh, "I-I don't like these functions either, but I don't have a choice. Why do you come?"The woman shrugs her shoulders nonchalantly, "My job requires it. I go where I'm needed."Kate nodded wordlessly, "I get it. So you're here for the event?""In a sense. To be honest, I don't even know what this is all for," she waved a hand in the general direction of the ballroom. "Seems like a whole bunch of nonsense, but rich love their galas, I suppose."Kate swallows the lump in her throat, the woman's voice sending a shiver down the skin of her wrist. Her accent was...intriguing to say the least. But there were other words she would rather use."It's a charity event.""So it is," the woman raises her glass before taking another pull of her drink. "Though we both know it's more to it than just 'charity', don't we?"Kate clears her throat again, a timid smile reaching her lips, "I guess so, yeah.""And what's gotten you into a bitter mood?" her thick accent was like a smooth song against Kate's ears, the shivers against her skin creating goosebumps on her wrists. "I'm sure it's not the lack of anything interesting happening that's got you down."Kate glances down at her glass, chewing on her bottom lip nervously, "It's, uh, my mom. She's getting married.""You don't seem too happy about that." she pointed out."It's not like that," Kate shakes her head quickly. "I want to be happy for her, I do. It's just...""It's all happening too fast."Kate is taken aback by how true her words rang, "It's always been me and my mom, you know? I just don't want things to change...""Everything has to change eventually," the woman responded, her tone growing serious. "We now live in a world where the people you love and care about can disappear with a snap of a finger. I get that you don't want to lose your mother, but you haven't lost her yet. You should hold onto her and enjoy the time you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Yelena Belova & Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Romance
Slow Burn
Healing
On the Run
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Clint Barton Has PTSD
Hurt Yelena Belova
Scars
Revenge
Yelena Belova Needs a Hug
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Past Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Yelena Belova & Kate Bishop

