Work Text:
It was the weirdest normal day of Steve's life. He got to the firehouse fifteen minutes before the start of the day shift and accepted his share of ribbing about his three-day case of the stomach flu. It only ended when he was sent out on a call to a kitchen fire at a café four blocks away, and after dealing with that he barely had time to clean up and change before he and Mercer were headed out to a school visit. He was on stage immediately, talking to a gym full of first-graders about how to call 911 and execute a successful stop-drop-and-roll. A few of the kids had that overzealous look in their eyes that meant dispatch was going to be fielding some false alarms in the next few days. Steve thought, I wish I could tell Bucky about them, and then remembered all over again that Bucky was alive after all. Steve could tell him anything he wanted to.Sort of.He forced the thought away and got back to encouraging six-year-olds to roll around on the floor, hoping Mercer hadn't noticed anything. She didn't say anything over lunch, although she did ask him a lot of questions about how his tummy was feeling and whether he needed a bathroom break. Steve grinned and threw french fries at her until she caught one in her mouth and accepted her rightful tribute in exchange for a little peace. He outweighed Mercer by at least a hundred and twenty pounds, but she had three years of fire crew seniority on him and had dragged him out of a burning building twice during training runs, so Steve knew his place.And just like that he was thinking of Bucky again, but he couldn't. He couldn't. Not with another seven hours to get through before he could get home and find out if Bucky had eaten the lunch Steve left for him, or...He couldn't.Luckily there were three more fire calls (two actual fires and one unfortunate microwave popcorn incident), a couple of their homeless regulars to move along from businesses that weren't sympathetic to their presence, and a call to extricate a kid who'd gotten his head stuck in a fence. Steve would have said he thought of Bucky constantly if he hadn't spent the last five days actually thinking of Bucky constantly. A moment of anxious awareness a few times an hour was nothing compared to that total immersion. By the end of the day he felt better than he had since the moment he recognized Bucky in the club. He was guiltily aware of how good it felt to be surrounded by functional people, doing a job he loved, helping people who could be helped in obvious ways. But still, as soon as night shift started coming on he felt himself switching over to thinking of nothing but Bucky again. The pleasure of the day shifted quickly into the dread of what he was going to find when he got home.By the end of their fifth day together Steve had gotten into kind of a rhythm with Bucky, able to manage him pretty smoothly. After five days he'd known how to give Bucky all the orders he needed and which battles not to pick with him, but he'd still had to hand-feed Bucky everything he ate, had to tell him any time he wanted him to move from one place to another, and give him permission to use the bathroom. He hadn't even tried to get Bucky to take another shower after the shivering misery of the day before. Every other day was probably plenty; it wasn't like Bucky was exerting himself much.Bucky might have been fine today. Steve had told him to try to sleep, and to eat the lunch Steve had left for him--clearly marked--in the fridge when he got hungry. But he hadn't been able to sleep the last five nights if Steve wasn't touching him, and this morning at breakfast he still hadn't been able to eat anything without Steve feeding him piece by piece. Steve wasn't feeling especially optimistic about how Bucky had reacted to twelve hours alone.Steve had held out for nearly three days after he took Bucky away from his captor at the club, insisting that Bucky didn't belong to him, didn't belong to anyone, didn't have to wear a collar or crawl on the floor or wait for orders before he did anything. Three days, watching Bucky get more and more confused and terrified and lost, looking less and less like the fearless Special Forces NCO Steve had been in love with--and in command of--three years ago. When the moment came that Bucky was huddled in the corner of the bathroom, cringing from everything in the world and not even looking to Steve for rescue anymore, Steve hadn't been able to keep telling himself he was doing the right thing. He had gotten down on his knees, put his hands around Bucky's throat, and whispered, "You're mine. I stole you and now you belong to me, and I won't let anyone take you away or hurt you. You're mine, and I'll tell you what to do to make me happy. All you have to do is listen to me. You're mine now, Bucky."Bucky's eyes had gone wider and wider, his face clearing from its terrified pinch, and when Steve let go of him Bucky pressed his face down into Steve's thigh, sobbing a little as his whole body
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Collars
Past Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
Sexual Slavery
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Hurt/Comfort
Breathplay

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

