Chapter 1: Lampo
    




Chapter Text
Lampo (lámpo): a quick and fleeting flash, like that of lightning. 


He found her most beautiful not when she was all fancied up, but she wasn't. 




When she was lying on the carpet, her hair all a mess, laughing about something that happened years ago. 




When she wasn't trying to impress anyone and taken down that wall she had built for most people. 




That's when he couldn't take his eyes from her.


 
Stephanie Georgiana Rogers had been a small, sickly girl at the beginning of the Second World War. By circumstances of life, she had participated in one of the experiments and had been the only survivor. She had been turned into a superhuman. One that had lasted frozen in ice for more than fifty years.

Until he, Tony Stark, had helped Coulson by contacting Dr. Helen Cho to thaw her out.

At first, they hadn't gotten along at all. She considered him a rascal and he considered her a prude. But not many people understood her, that feeling of not belonging anywhere but being in the eye of the hurricane, and since he was among the exceptions, they had ended up becoming friends.

That night, she had a date. With Rumlow, of all people.

And if the sound of the elevator was any indication, the date was over.

He saw her enter. The woman was absolutely beautiful, almost six feet tall, blue eyes as clear as a baby's, and golden hair that fell in perfect waves to her waist. And her smile was capable of bringing men to their knees.

That night she wore an elegant red dress and looked like she was professionally made up. She was almost unrecognizable. She looked so perfect that he partly disliked it. He was used to seeing her in braided hair, jeans, and sportswear. He was the only person who had ever seen her dressed so casually.

He poured her a glass of wine and they started talking. She talked about what a gentleman Rumlow was, even though in his opinion he was nothing but a jerk, and how she had tried to behave so as not to scare him off. Then they moved on to random topics, went from wine to whiskey, and by the time they were on their second bottle, they had eaten almost two pizzas.

He didn't know how they'd ended up like this. She was lying on the carpet with her legs propped up on the couch, barefoot and her hair a mess, her makeup long gone. He was on the floor resting his head on one of the pillows Steph had thrown him, his shirt crumpled, his jacket and tie somewhere.

They were laughing at who knows what nonsense and damned if he cared.

Thus, flushed and wine-bright-eyed, Steph looked perfect.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Female Steve Rogers
Sweet Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
MCU AU
Avengers Family
Team Bonding
Slow Burn
Brock Rumlow is an idiot
Past Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Awesome Peggy Carter
Aunt Peggy Carter

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow

