Chapter 1: Be Patient
    


Summary:

Be patient and let me grow into your arms.



Notes:
HI! <3Here it goes my Bucky fanfic based in this  Tumblr text post. I was going to divide it in chapters, but one got too short, other too long, so I gave up and decided to do it in all once.Also, I'm not a pro writer, so this is not of big deal. YOU WERE WARNED.Enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
i.
You can tell me 
You love me
In the sunrise
And by midday
I will think
I’m completely
Alone.
Your love is enough
But I feel like
I’m not enough for your love.You woke up startled by the bed’s constantly moving. Your head lifted from the pillow and you checked the hour. The clock had just hit 5:32AM when the moving continued, this time more aggressive and you sighed. Bucky was having another nightmare.You knew it wasn’t safe to wake him up. You knew he could have a panic attack. And on the top of it, you knew he could hurt you before you could even think about asking for help. But still, you didn’t care. You’d wake him up, everytime.Because you sure as hell wouldn’t just stand and watch while he’d cry at whatever was harming him in his dream. You could call Steve like you did a few times before, but he was out on a mission so you were on your own.You lifted your body on your elbow, your other hand flat against Bucky’s chest.“Bucky!” You pressed your palm against his chest and he hissed, his eyebrows frowning. “Buck, wake up! It’s just a nightmare!” You leaned over his body, your palm’s pressure stronger against his chest and his eyes snapped open. His metal hand grabbed your wrist tight and he lifted his torso almost knocking you on the way up. You started making small circles against his skin with your fingertips while his wide eyes checked the room. His hold loosened.“Hey Buck, it’s okay. You’re safe.” You said placing your chin on his shoulder. “You’re home, remember?” You whispered and he let go of your wrist. His arms quickly made its way to your waist, pulling your body to his top as he laid on the bed again.Your arms hugged his sides and you pulled your head slightly, facing him. His eyes wandered through your features and he let out a sigh. Almost a relieved sigh, you felt. You gave him a small smile and buried your face in his neck, mumbling feeling sleepy again.“I love you so much, Buck.”  

 
Since you both woke up, Bucky had barely said a word. During breakfast, all you could hear was the plates noise, even if you tried to pull out a conversation. Hell, he didn’t even touched you properly yet.You were starting to worry if he was closing himself again.Earlier in the morning, you had woke up to find the bed empty with him sat on the large sofa in the living room, staring at his hands. You knew he’d always stay like this after he had nightmares. So you’d always sit on his lap after he got up and ask him if he wanted to talk about them. And strangely, he’d always talk about them. You didn’t understand why, since he never said a thing to Steve. But he would to you. Because it was you.“Hey. You alright there?” You were in his lap with your arms around his neck. His metal arm cold against your exposed skin from your pajamas top as he was holding your waist. “Do you wanna talk about it?” Your lips went to his chin, leaving a light kiss.“No.”You pulled away to watch his face and your hold loosened around his neck. Your eyebrows turned into a frown.
He’d always talk about them.  ii.
I will wake you up
At 2am
When I’m stone-cold-sober
To say sorry
For everything.
You won’t know what I’m talking about.
Neither will I.
Say it’s okay.It was past 2 in the morning and Bucky was still awake. His nightmares memories still too vivid as you were holding him with your arms around his waist. His gaze fell on your face pressed against his chest, your hair tickling lightly his flesh arm when you moved.
His head flashed in pain and his eyes snapped open looking at the ceiling. He was back in Hydra’s facility again. He tried to pull his wrists even though he knew it was useless. Hydra got him again and he didn’t even had the chance to see your face for one last time.

He closed his eyes tight with fear. Fear they’d wipe him again, fear he’d do to you the same he did with Steve.

He heard a scream coming from the facility’s corridors and his eyes widened again. It was your voice. He looked around trying to find you but found Pierce’s grinning face instead as he entered the room.

“Glad you’re back.” Pierce smiled at Bucky and looked at one of the guards standing outside nodding at him, quickly returning his gaze to the trapped soldier. “I even brought one of your...stuff, this time.”

The guard came back entering the room dragging...you. Your face was all beaten up, covered with bruises and blood and Bucky could barely recognize you. Your arms with deep cuts along it. You were barely standing.

He hissed in anger trying to pull his wrists off the chair’s hold. Pierce’s hand cupp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Romance
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Smut
Protective Bucky Barnes
40s Bucky Barnes
Pregnancy
Fatherhood
Morning Cuddles
Social Media
Dancing
Soulmate-Identifying Timers
Art School
Making Out
Jealousy
Friends With Benefits
Bars and Pubs
Sex
Oral Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

