Work Text:
Steve balances his travel coffee mug, his laptop, and his phone in one hand while holding his umbrella with the other as he shuffles through the crowd to make his way into the Psychology building located at 6 Washington place.  He catches the door as the person in front of him lets it swing, and then he pauses to hold it for a crowd of girls in colorful rain boots and backpacks. They giggle at his politeness, and he finally ducks inside after them and shakes his umbrella onto the soaked patch of carpet in the entryway. Apart from the pack mentality, he doesn’t really mind being surrounded by freshmen; after all, it’s a 100-level psychology course, and most people take care of their gen eds during their first year instead of pacing them out to take the maximum amount of art classes.Steve’s a junior, and it’s high time that he finally steps into the psych building and learns the basic ropes about head-shrinking.He makes his way to the classroom number listed on his online schedule, and when he enters the slanted lecture room, he notices that most of the other students have taken their seats as far from the front as they can manage.  Huffing a laugh at their attempts to shield themselves from direct participation, he travels to the front of the room and takes his pick of the second row seats. He finds a left-handed desk he likes and sets his laptop up to take notes, then he takes his ratty, half.com textbook out of his bag and rests it on his lap. Only then does he allow himself the first sip of coffee, and it’s as perfect as 7:55 AM gets. More students shuffle in and take their places at the back of the room, only a few brave souls venturing into the first five rows. That’s pretty par for the course, and Steve is happy enough to stretch out.  He contemplates putting his feet on the seat directly in front of him, but then a guy with artfully messy brown hair enters from the side door and sits directly in front of Steve. Mourning the loss of his footstool, Steve takes another sip of coffee and surreptitiously checks out the jaw line on the guy in front of him.  It’s an excellent jaw line, and because they’re sitting slightly to the left of center, Steve suspects that he’ll get to see it in profile throughout class. It’s a good thought.Then he notices that Jaw Line, in addition to having a matching set of killer cheek bones, has the same old edition, tattered textbook that he has. “Oh, hey, you have the 4th edition, too,” Steve says.  He’s never been afraid to start a random conversation with a stranger.  Jaw Line whips his head around, looking startled.  “The course website said the 6th edition, but who’s going to pay 180 bucks for that?” Well, the students behind him probably did just that.“Yeah,” Jaw Line says after a pause. He looks confused, like he doesn’t understand Steve’s point.  Steve notices that Jaw Line looks much older than the usual 100-level student, probably older than Steve himself.  He decides that Jaw Line is another gen ed slacker like he is.“You think that will be a problem? I looked online, and most of the readings look the same.  But the page numbers will obviously be different.  I’m not worried; just nice to see someone else say Fuck the System.”“Uh, yeah,” the guy says, and then he turns back to his desk and pulls out a yellow legal pad from his bag. “I’m Steve,” Steve pushes on, just to see if Jaw Line will say something else.  “I’m a junior, art major.  What major are you?”“Art?” Jaw Line mumbles while digging through his bag. He finally pulls out a pen, and then he turns back to Steve, looking pointedly at Steve’s gym-toned arms. “N-not exercise science?”Steve laughs, choosing to take it as a friendly jibe instead of something snide.  He prefers to look on the bright side of things if at all possible, and he can’t wait for this class to tell him what that says about his relationship with his mother.“Art.  You?”“Psych,” the guy says, which doesn’t make a lot of sense as to why he looks like a senior in a 100-level psych class. But maybe Steve is misjudging his age, or maybe Jaw Line is so brilliant that he skipped right to 400-level classes and is only now mopping up the graduation requirements.“You got a name, so I can stop referring to you as Jaw Line in my head?” Steve asks, the flirt in him kicking in with the caffeine. Jaw Line’s eyes widen, but Steve isn’t worried about offending.  Psych majors by definition have to be pretty open-minded, or at least he thinks. “Bucky,” the guy says eventually, and then Bucky turns back to the front of the room as the professor enters from the same side door. The professor, Dr. Coulson according to the online scheduler, slaps a stack of thick syllabi onto the table at the front of the room and cheerfully orders all of the students to come and grab one. Steve notices that Bucky doesn’t get up; instead, he grips his pen tightly and looks straight ahead, and Steve frowns a little as he grabs two syllabi and offers one to Bucky. Bucky look
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern AU
no powers
College
Sex-less identity porn
Mistaken Identity
lying by omission
TA crush
Anxiety
stutter
Psychology

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

