Chapter 1: Beginnings
    


Summary:


And so it begins. Tony is thrown back into his greatest nightmare.




Notes:
Trigger warnings:  nervous breakdown, non-graphic torture




Chapter Text
* * *
14 000 605 possible futures and one where they win.
Talk about odds.
Still Tony really thought they had a chance with their plan. It was far from perfect, but it was a good one. They almost got the gauntlet off Thanos. It was so close. But then at the last possible moment, Quill had to ruin everything.
Don’t get him wrong, Tony understood. He was the last one to point fingers. He went through the same thing in Siberia and grief could cloud one’s judgment. That didn’t mean he was fine with it.
Then the fight got the turn to the worse and suddenly nothing was enough. Thanos was just too strong. They were losing and fast.
Maybe that was why he fought so fiercely. Trying anything and everything to just stop Titan from succeeding. To find an opening.
In the end, it was all futile anyway. He managed to make a scratch on him, only to end up impaled on his own blade. The pain almost didn’t register to him at this point. Thanos went on with his, oh so merciful speech and Tony was looking around for anyone still on his feet and able to join the fight, but there was no one.
Thanos put a gauntlet to his head and Tony knew this was it. He lost. They failed. The threat, he was so afraid of and was preparing for the last six years, won. And he was going to die.
He closed his eyes, willing the image of Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, and Peter before his eyes. Seeing his family in his last moments. Happy. Together.
Then he heard Strange’s raspy voice asking… no,  pleading for Thanos to stop. Tony opened his eyes to the sight of a wizard on his knees, looking up to the Titan.
Thanos looked down at him too, assessing.
“Spare his life... and I will give you the stone,” Strange continued and he sounded so broken.
Tony’s breath stuttered in his chest, pain in his abdomen more prominent than before and he tasted blood on his tongue. But he pushed it aside.
Because Strange couldn’t be serious. Not after he swore to let both Tony and Peter die if that meant ensuring the safety of the stone.
Completely unaware of Tony’s turmoil of emotion, Thanos pointed his gauntleted fist on Strange.
“No tricks,” he said as more of a statement than a question.
Strange just nodded once and that was when Tony finally found the strength to shout out.
“Don’t!” He managed to choke out, but then his mouth filled with blood and he coughed up red.
The Wizard just looked at him sadly and then reached out as if trying to grasp something invisible in the air before him. Between one blink and another Time Stone materialized over his palm. 
Strange hesitated for a second and stared at it with such intensity that for the moment Tony thought he would change his mind and not give it up. But then he sent it with a flick of a hand towards Thanos. Giant purple asshole reached out to grab it mid-air and Tony wanted to just close his eyes in defeat, but something told him to keep on watching.
Then he saw it. A glint of green in the stone. One turn. Second one. And third.
Tony realized it was doing something in the same moment Thanos did too. He only managed to catch the stubbornly defiant eyes of the wizard trying to convey this was the only way, and then a moment later Titan roared and lunged forward, but it was too late.
Suddenly everything was awash in swirls of colors of green, purple, red, and orange, and then Tony knew no more.
* * *
He came to with a gasp and tried to jerk his body forward, but there was something on his chest and the sudden pain piercing through his whole rib cage was so blinding he blacked out.
When he managed to surface again, there were hands on his shoulders and a kind voice in his ear, but Tony couldn’t make himself peel his eyes open. With his body being uncooperative, he resorted to just laying there and listening in.
Nothing made sense. There was this strange sense of wrongness surrounding him and he had the urge to stand up and fight because… wasn’t he in the fight a few moments ago?
On the alien planet. Standing against giant purple grape along with Strange, kid, and a bunch of aliens… and then it hit him.
It was like a jolt he needed because suddenly his eyes flew open and he looked around frantically. 
Peter! He had to find Peter. And Thanos. Where was he? Where did he go?!
What he saw made even less sense, because as blurred as his vision was in this moment, it looked nothing like the planet they fought on. It looked more like a… cave.
Terrible forethought came upon Tony, but it couldn’t be true. It couldn’t, could it?
He registered the urging voice on his right and he tried to focus on the silhouette of the man. With some difficulty and lots of blinking, he managed to recognize the other man.
It was Yinsen.
But he was dead… he was supposed to be dead. But if he wasn’t…
If that was the cave he was in…
Tony should have known. He really should ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Rewrite
Time Travel
Fix-It
Angst
Mental Health Issues
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Delusions
Depression
Mental Breakdown
Morally Ambiguous Character
Hurt Tony Stark
Villain Tony Stark
But also
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Team Iron Man
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
no beta we die like Natasha throwing ourselves off the cliff
Tony is lil broken here but he gets by
BAMF Tony Stark
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Self-Hatred
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Ho Yinsen Lives
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Not S.H.I.E.L.D. Friendly
News Media
Politics

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

