Work Text:
Darcy narrowed her eyes as she exited the elevator one morning.
They were back.
Someone had been plaguing her mornings for the last month by whistling, extremely well she had to add, every morning just as she arrived at her desk.  He, or she, was doing their level best to work his, or her, way through the entire 80's hair band anthology.  Thereby insuring that Darcy had whatever song they whistled as an earworm for the rest of the day.
Not to mention whistling, by definition, is just that.  Whistling.  No lyrics were heard.  This meant that for the majority of the morning, Darcy had some stupid song stuck in her head and couldn't, for the life of her, figure out what it actually was.  Which was beyond annoying and verged on psychological torture.
Many a lunch break was spent on Youtube and Google trying to Name that Tune before she screamed.
On top of that, she had no idea who they were.  They were always down the hallway and disappearing into the stairwell by the time she got near enough to hear him or her.
But on this particular morning, she’d arrived early due to a conference call to the UK Coulson wanted her to listen in on.  She walked briskly down the hall once she heard the whistling and realized it was actually near her desk.  
She rounded the corner and shouted, “Ha!  Finally!”
The guy who was exiting Coulson’s office stopped mid-blow and stared at her.  
Whoa, Darcy thought looking him over.  Dude has nice lips.
“Uh, hi there,” the whistler said before smiling at her. 
Double whoa, Darcy thought again.  Dude has nice everything.  Holy Toned Pectorals, Batman.
“So you’re the whistler,” she said attempting to get her brain out of the gutter.  
“I guess I am,” he said.  “Sorry.  Has it been annoying you?”
“Yep,” she said dropping her bag on her desk.  “But not as much as it would have done if you were crap at it.  And I’ve been wanting to bone up on my cheesy 80s rock anthems.”
“Thanks,” he said his stupidly attractive lips quirking into a smirk.  “And they’re not all cheesy.”
“Yes, they are,” Darcy said putting a hand on her hip and looking at him.  “But that’s ninety percent of the appeal, so...”  
“Don’t tell me you’re into death metal,” he said his eyes narrowing.
“Please,” she said rolling her eyes.  “I tried for about six months in high school, it didn’t take.”
“High school, hunh?  And when was that?” he asked.  “Last week?”
“At least it wasn’t during the Gerald Ford era,” she retorted.
The whistler’s eyes widened and then he started to laugh.  “Son of a bitch, who are you?”
“Darcy Lewis,” she said.  “Research Assistant to the man.”
He grinned.  “So, you’re the one who sends us those easy-to-understand briefs?”
“That’s me,” she said impressed that people were actually reading the stuff she slaved over.  “And you are?”
“Barton,” he said holding out his hand.  “Clint.”
She shook his hand and yelled at her brain to stop slobbering all over the place at his warm, firm grip with the interesting calluses.  Which reminded her…  “Oh, you’re that guy!  William Tell.”
He arched an eyebrow.
“You know,” Darcy said.  “Bow, arrow, apple on the kid’s head, pissed off at the Austrians.”  She stared at him.  “Surely people have made the connection.”
“Oh, they have,” he said.  “They hardly ever mention the Austrians, though.”
“That’s the fun part,” she said grinning.
He grinned back and she had to tell herself that jumping an Avenger was not a smart move.  
“So you’re in charge of making sure us grunts know what the scientists are actually doing?” he asked leaning against her desk.  “You’re Coulson’s version of Cliff’s Notes?”
“Oh, no,” she said leaning over her desk to grab her notepad.  She flipped to a page she’d stuck half of a pink sticky note on and said, “I summarize, abridge, condense, outline, synopsize, and most recently, rehash information for you grunts.”
“Wow,” Clint said.  “That was a lot of words that sounded really similar.”
“Yeah, they’re called synonyms, William,” she said.  “And Coulson always has a new one for me every couple of days.”
 “At least you’re not bored,” he said.
“How can I be?” she said, not actually kidding.  “I’ve got a boss that is a walking thesaurus, I get the low down on all the wacky stuff you guys are up to, and I get at least one 80s song stuck in my head on a daily basis due to some guy whistling like a dork every morning.”
“You do not pull any punches, do you?” he asked sounding amused.
“Saves time,” she said with a shrug.  “And what’s with the fascination with Def Leppard?”
“What?”
“You tend to whistle them the most,” she said.  “Did you secretly want to become a one-armed drummer?”
“The idea has crossed my mind more than once,” he said.  “Plus?  They’re bitchin’.”
Darcy snorted.  “They’re okay.”
“Okay?  Okay?” he said leaning forward and oh, his eyes were really pretty.  “They were pioneers of metal in their time.”
“Wow,” Darcy said ignoring the lusty fluttering in her stomach.  “You have totally just confirmed my theory.”
“What theory?”
“That despite all yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

