Chapter 1: Fucking Me, Myself and I
    


Summary:

Doctor Strange gives into some of his darker desires that he never thought he'd be able to act on. Taking advantage of Peter's innocent nature and need to please he manipulates the young Avenger into taking full responsibility for the spell going wrong. With his implicit trust of the wizard and guilt over almost destroying the multiverse, Peter agrees to things he never could have imagined doing.



Notes:
This was going to be a one shot where every character from the movie used Tom Holland's Spider-Man as a cum dump. But of course I got too wrapped up in graphic details and decided to make it multiple chapters so each encounter can have enough dirty details as the most fuckable Spider-Man learns to spread his hole for an onslaught of cocks.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
  Peter and Strange are in a dark dusty room after the spell has gone wrong. Peter is braced for some sort of emergency as Strange is throwing up strange glowing glyphs and looks to be processing a million things at once.  After what feels like hours to Peter, but was in fact less than three minutes, he throws his hands in the air “So…did it work? And if not then what’s wrong and how do we fix it?”  Strange cocks an eyebrow at Peter incredulously and drops all the spells he was casting to just stare at the boy. He goes to say something then stops, holds his hands together in front of his face and takes a deep breath. “We?”  “Yeah, if something went wrong I can totally try to help you fix it!”  It looks like it takes a titanic effort for Strange not to blow up on Peter right now as he takes another deep breath and recites a mantra. “You’ll HELP me fix this huh? Do you know WHY it went wrong and how wrong it’s truly gone?”  Peter scratches his head for a moment, messing up his curly hair just a bit. “Is it because of me…?” Strange nods his head and gestures for him to go on “...Is it because I wasn’t listening to you while you cast that reality bending spell and kept pestering you with my questions and doubt and distracting you?”  “BINGO!”  “Okay, I’m sorry I didn’t realize how risky everything was and you hadn’t really explained everything to me so I didn’t know that EVERYONE was going to forget and I just panicked and I’m sorry how can I help?”  Strange squeezes his eyes shut and massages the spot between his eyes in frustration. “You expect me to explain every facet of a spell that affects the entire world? You think we have the time for me to explain magic to you that’s so advanced there have only ever been a handful of sorcerers who could ever cast it?”  Peter looks sheepishly down at his feet “No, I’m sorry Mr.Strange, I just-”  “Doctor! Doctor Strange!”  Peter stands at attention and meets his eyes “Yes sir! Sorry! Doctor! Sorry Dr.Strange! I just I was so anxious and scared and it was that part about everyone forgetting that I wanted to understand and I was hoping you could leave out a few people and I’m sorry! I just talk a lot when I’m nervous and I didn’t mean to ruin that difficult spell you were doing.”  “Well next time someone is doing complicated magic don’t ruin it because of your personal need to vent your anxiety. Next time shut up and do what you're told. You can ask questions after and be grateful that nothing went wrong.”  Self-consciously rubbing his arm and no longer making eye contact Peter feels very embarrassed and stressed out that his insecurities fucked everything up. “Okay, does that mean I can help fix things? I promise I’ll listen and do what you say.”  Crossing his arms over his chest, Strange regards him for a few moments. “Fine, I need to verify a few things. You better get suited up and when you get back just stand there quietly until I tell you otherwise.”  Afraid to even speak without permission Peter nods his head and runs upstairs to where he left his suit in his backpack. When he gets back downstairs, with his whole suit on except the mask, Strange is floating in a matrix of glowing glyphs and Peter does his best to stand silently out of the way.  A few moments later Strange ends the spell and walks over to Peter, when Peter resists the urge to ask him a million questions Strange pats him on the head. “Good boy, I know what’s gone wrong and how to fix it.”  He just stares at Peter for a few moments and watches as the boy looks like he’s about to burst. “You can speak.”  “Okay oh my god thank you! I’m so happy you know how to fix it! I'm so sorry again Mr.Dr.Strange sir!”  Strange just pats Peter on the head again and rolls his eyes. “Sure thing kid, so you interrupting that spell has fractured reality, not just our reality but the barriers between all realities and the multiverse is bleeding together into an unstable… Actually to keep it simple, you broke the multiverse and things are going to get worse if we don’t fix it soon.”  “Wait! So there really is a multiverse?” Peter goes from looking
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tom Holland/Everyone
Peter Parker/Everyone
Peter Parker/Peter Parker/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Tom!Peter/Andrew!Peter/Tobey!Peter
Peter Parker & Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Electro
Curt Connors/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Extremely Dubious Consent
Bottom Tom Holland
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Peter Parker
Breeding
Top Stephen Strange
Cum Dump Tom Holland
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Double Anal Penetration
Boypussy
Reluctant straight boy becomes sub slut
Tentacle Sex

fandom: 
Tom Holland/Everyone
Peter Parker/Everyone
Peter Parker/Peter Parker/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Stephen Strange
Tom!Peter/Andrew!Peter/Tobey!Peter
Peter Parker & Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Electro
Curt Connors/Peter Parker

