Chapter 1



Notes:
Welcome to this small story. It has now been a few years since I wrote it, but even though I left the fandom it still holds a very special place in my heart.Over at Wattpad, there is a lovely person working on a translation into Portuguese: https://www.wattpad.com/story/101690954Please note that in this work, I tried writing Wade having ADHD. As I do not have it myself, I spoke to a dear friend of mine who does have ADHD and did a lot of research on the topic. Still, it is an outside view, please keep that in mind.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
In case anyone ever asked him what superpower he wanted, Peter Parker knew exactly what he’d answer: invisibility. The ability to disappear from sight in the blink of an eye and to reappear whenever he wanted. Like Violet from The Incredibles. Peter knew this for certain because for most people, he already was invisible.He was small for his age, skinny, quiet, and a little shy. His hair was brown; not chocolate or coffee - just brown, somehow messy almost all of the time and his glasses were an ever present feature, perched clumsily on the bridge of his nose. Even twenty years after the first Harry Potter book, girls obviously weren’t really into that kind of thing. Not that he really cared, but he couldn’t help noticing.Peter knew that his whole appearance was just plain normal, and even if his parents and his aunt and uncle loved him with everything they had, even for them he was just an average fourteen-year-old. Since that didn’t mean they cared less for him and there was nothing wrong with being ordinary in Peter’s opinion, he was okay with it.Also, with people not minding him, he was offered the chance to wander around the neighborhood undisturbed; he could check out the high trees in backyards, and the birds and squirrels hiding in the bushes along his way home or sitting on fences. And he liked to watch people.He loved taking snapshots, and when nobody paid any real attention to him, nobody posed or pulled faces for his pictures, the candid results his favorite compared to some of the posed photos he’d taken. His phone was quickly full of them, so eventually Peter started printing the ones he liked best at the store whenever his aunt took him along, spending the loose change he found between the sofa cushions and in pockets on laundry day. It was usually his aunt who took him, since his parents weren’t in town, or even the country that often.Peter’s dad was an entomologist and worked in forests and bushland all over the world, and his mom was a freelance journalist, so she worked everywhere so that she could accompany his dad on his tours. Peter wouldn’t deny missing them, but his aunt and uncle had become as much of parents as his real ones, and his mom and dad called whenever they could so he never lacked their affection.Aunt May sometimes said Peter had their wit and curiosity; she was probably right.Okay, so he wasn’t completely ordinary… Maybe he was a bit smarter than other kids his age, nothing huge or impressing, but he was fast with grasping the ideas behind concepts and formulas and quick to transfer his knowledge to different problems. His family knew that and his teachers too, so Peter saw no point in making a fuss about it. Besides, being a science nerd only contributed to his invisibility and he wouldn’t risk bragging about it. In his high school, students mostly just passed him in the hallways without paying attention to him, their eyes skimming over him. Peter had liked it that way and it had lasted until he’d left his old school.Now, two weeks later at a new school, everything was different.He’d had the idea at night, how things like that tended to, when he was half asleep, nestled in between his huge pillows. His mind was already occupied with creating swirls of images and the thought had shot through him like electricity, sharp and sudden. After hours of lying awake, considering the idea and finally deciding that yes, Peter had noticed the lack of demanding subjects at his current school and yes, he did crave more of a challenge, the thought had become a wish.He hadn’t wanted to ask, but after weeks of tiptoeing around the topic, he had finally blurted it out at dinner. Neither his aunt nor his uncle had been surprised by the request. Finally, after going through the whole process of finding a high school that was still close enough and met Peter’s expectations, they had decided on Second Street High, accepting a longer commute for the advanced science classes and more modern lab equipment; accepting the trade-off since his old school couldn’t even afford new computers.On one hand, he was glad that he’d done it, on the other he’d left his best friend, Harry behind. Of course Peter had his number and they texted often, but he lived a few blocks away, which was a huge distance for a teenager without money or a bike. The last time they’d seen each other had been Pete
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Peter's POV
Bullying
Wade's family is poor
Underage - Freeform
they're both underaged
Alternate Universe
Slow Build
protective!wade
Peter doesn't want that though
Fluff
Angst
Falling In Love
Hurt/Comfort
-Ish
Coming of Age
Wanda is Wade's sister
Wade's mom how I imagine her
soft family relationships

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

