Chapter 1: hit and run
    


Notes:
super excited about this one. title comes from tessa violet's Bad Ideas which has kinda become my ultimate kate POV bishova song. chapter title (and some chapter inspiration) comes from lolo's Hit and Runthis first chapter is rated T but this rating will change starting from the next chapter.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
It’s kinda hard to explain how it all started. Or maybe it isn’t. Because actually, when you think about it - and lately, Kate’s been spending  a lot  of time thinking about it - there’s a pretty distinct pattern to the sticky situations she's gotten herself into over the last few years. Acting like she has no clue how she ended up in one again might be a bit of a cop out.  Okay then. Trying again: It’s kinda easy to explain how it all started. It all started when Kate got Yelena’s phone number. See, Kate has a hard time keeping her cool when it comes to texting. Exhibit A: Her numerous texts to Clint. Although she’s been doing a good job backing off of texting Clint recently, ever since he went into retirement. Clint made it very clear that, while he would always be there for Kate if she ever needed advice, or moral support, or “a voice of reason” (Kate smarted at that a little), he really needed to spend some quality time with his family, away from distraction. It's been four days since Kate's texted Clint. A personal best. Exhibit B: Caitlin, her first girlfriend from high school. Kate scared her off by coming on way too strong after their two-week anniversary. It turns out that undying declarations of love made over text can come too soon in a relationship, even for lesbians. Lesson learned. Exhibit C: Kaitlyn, her first serious girlfriend, who got really mad when Kate blew up her phone that one weekend Kaitlyn was away for a hockey game. Sending twenty-three consecutive texts happens to be overkill, who knew? In Kate’s defense, she was really starting to think that Kaitlyn might have died on the car ride up to Canada - hence the freakout. The good news was Kaitlyn hadn't died. The bad news was that the reason Kaitlyn had been radio silent was because she spent the eight hour ride up to Toronto discussing the pros and cons of their relationship with her teammates. The twenty-three texts were apparently the decisive "con" that caused Kaitlyn to break it off. (Yes, Kate has dated two girls named Caitlin and Kaitlyn. She’s already heard all the jokes about it, thank you.) So Kate is not really great at the whole ‘texting like a normal person’ thing. But her getting Yelena’s number - well, that wasn’t really Kate’s fault, was it? After all, Yelena was the one who had texted Kate first. Of course, it wasn't a friendly "Hey girl," text, but a warning about Kate's mom. Out of all the texts that Kate’s received, that initial one from Yelena was definitely among the more unpleasant. A text that kind of went ahead and derailed Kate’s whole life for a bit there. In fact, derailed Kate’s whole life a lot. Like, “I now have no relationship with my mother, who is in jail because of me, the resulting depression over my mother’s imprisonment caused me to drop out of college one semester before graduation, and now I live alone in a loft with my dog and have spent the last two months watching reality TV all day,” kind of derailing. And maybe that's why Kate was able to hold off on texting Yelena for so long. She didn't exactly associate that first message from Yelena with any sort of pleasant memory. Plus, the last time Kate saw Yelena, she was trying to kill Clint in the middle of Rockefeller Center. She didn’t succeed, and Clint later told Kate that they’d managed to patch up their differences with "a very good, long overdue talk." Clint didn't provide any further details - Kate got the sense she shouldn't pry.But time heals all wounds, or whatever, and it's late February, and Kate is bored, and lonely, and when she thinks about Yelena now, she doesn't think first about how the woman once threw her off of a building or landed that really hard kick in the ribs. Instead, she thinks of how Yelena made her a pot of mac and cheese, and said she liked dogs, and is likely one of the only people on planet Earth who could actually understand some of what Kate's gone through over the past two months. So Kate picks up her phone and begins typing. She starts off the message with: “Hey Y, it’s K.B.” (She’ll have to think of their official code names later.) “Was wondering what my favorite bloodthirsty vigilante was up to," Kate types, before hastily deleting the message. No, no, that's not a good start. She tries again: "Was thinking about you-" and that immediately gets deleted as well, because, really, Kate? One more try: "Hey Y, it's K.B. It's been a minute. How are things?" It's a tame message, but sometimes tame is best. In fact, Kate is pretty proud of it as she hits send. This is a normal text from someone who's d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Lesbian Kate Bishop
Lesbian Yelena Belova
Yelena is not portrayed as aromantic or asexual in this fic
but does have a lot of intimacy issues
Emotional Slow Burn
Friends With Benefits
(partners with benefits)
Angst
Smut
Hurt/Comfort
But also
Fluff

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

