Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Here’s your coffee,” Michelle said, setting the steaming cup on the counter. She lingered over it, waiting for Peter Parker to pick it up. She always lingered. She wasn’t the type of girl to sit and wait for a guy to ask for her number, she’d typically give it herself, but she was at work.And even though she tolerated this job, she couldn’t lose it. Even if it was for a cute regular that ordered a medium coffee each time he came in. As aware as she was, asking him for his number was too unethical. This was obviously a safe space for him, one where he could relax with his GED book, take notes, then leave.Typically thirty minutes. He came in every time she was on a shift, like clockwork right as she started. And while she still didn’t want to overstep, she didn’t deny that he was sorta amazing. It was the ways in their twenty-second interactions that his personality, sorta dorky, where he came through.He lingered too. She saw it. Which was why it was so frustrating that he hadn’t asked for her number or at least hit on her completely. It wasn’t like there was anything too great about this place. It still had touches of Halloween up since she was still in the process of cleaning it. It was more a 70’s cafe than one from the fifties.Dark wood furnishings mixed with seafoam colors, checkered tile floor, and some of the tables had words carved into them. So at least there was character here. The things she did like were the strings of lights, how the plants were real instead of plastic, that it gave her enough time to do some of the reading for her first M.I.T. semester in between customers.“Thanks.” He grabbed the cup. He was dressed enough for winter, his ears a bit red from the cold. Brown hair a little askew from being under a hat or something, but an easy smile once it came out. Typically she'd hand him his coffee and let him go. But she was kinda over twenty second interactions.“So, how’s studying going?”She'd startled him, just for a second. He stammered,  “Oh, it’s ah, it’s going.” He winced.“Sorry, I just see you in here a lot and was interested.” She said, “I mean, it’s not like you come here just for the coffee.”“Oh, the coffee’s great.” She raised her brow at that, and he continued. “And it’s quiet here.”“So you like the quiet, Peter Parker?” She said, a touch teasing, trying to gauge how comfortable he was with this.“I mean, I definitely don’t mind it.” He held the cup in one hand then fidgetted slightly with another. He was pretty animated, just in the way his hands moved slightly like he wanted to talk more but held a bit back. His eyes dropped to her necklace, and he started to talk, “I —”“Michelle!” Tony called from upstairs, “Sasha’s out back, unlock the door for her.”Michelle grimaced, glancing to Peter, who gave a slight wave, but then dropped his hand. A touch awkward, then he raised his coffee towards her. “Sorry, I didn't want to take too much of your time.”She shook her head, biting the inside of her cheek. “You didn’t, and as for the studying, I’m sure you’ll kick its ass.” She said, smiling a bit as she walked backward around the counter. He watched her as she left, and when she came back into the room from letting Sasha in, he was gone.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Coffee Shops
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Coffee
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
I just need to fix my heart and this helped
Friendship
MJs just as fustrated as me
Michelle Jones Needs a Hug
POV Michelle Jones
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Fluff
Rating May Change
Post-Canon
Light Angst
Canon Compliant
Memories
Slow Burn
Hurt/Comfort
Feels
Feelings
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Precious Ned Leeds
Ned Leeds Needs a Hug
Pov ned leeds
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie) Spoilers
Comfort
Protective Ned Leeds
Protective Michelle Jones
Memory Loss
Recovered Memories
BAMF Michelle Jones
Fluff and Humor
Fluff and Angst
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Ned Leeds
Intimacy
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
POV Peter Parker
Fix-It of Sorts
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Soft Peter Parker
Relationship(s)
Light-Hearted
Pining
Mutual Pining
Fix-It
Post-Canon Fix-It
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie) Compliant
Plot
Plot Twists
Action & Romance
Crime Fighting
Superheroes

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

