Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Given the choice, Natasha would have picked a building with an elevator – but, as she reached the top floor of the four-story walk up with the day’s latest moving box, she reasoned that it wouldn’t be so bad if she was only trekking up and down a few times a day. She had allowed Steve to pick the place, knowing they’d be living in Brooklyn, but not expecting him to pick the spacious three-bedroom apartment in a Park Slope brownstone. The hardwood floors, updated kitchen, big windows and roof access had sold her on the place even though Steve’s contagious excitement when he told her about it had had her ready to sign before she’d even seen it in person.
She sighed and nudged the door with her hip, only to find Steve and Sam sprawled across the sofa sitting in the dead center of the living room rather than against the wall where she’d asked them to put it. “Enjoying your break, boys?”
Steve just smiled and sipped a Gatorade but Sam protested, “Hey, I just helped drag your heavy-ass couch up to the fourth floor even though Cap probably coulda just yeeted it cleanly through an open window, along with the recliner, dressers, bureaus, dining table, desk, and whatever else you’re fillin’ all these rooms with.”
“Yeeted?” she asked, placing her box on the kitchen island.
“My nephews say it. Now that we’re official again, I get to actually hang out with them. Once we finish unloading that U-Haul outside, I think I might head back to Delacroix.”
“Not until after the we sign the new UN agreement,” Steve said, drawing a heavy sigh from Sam. “In the meantime, that mattress isn’t gonna carry itself up here.”
“Uh-huh. Surprised you and Nat didn’t insist on that being the very first thing to come up. ‘Course, since the goal was to actually get shit done today…”
Steve hauled Sam to his feet and pushed him toward the door, pausing for a moment at the kitchen counter to peck Natasha’s cheek and whisper, “He’s not wrong…”
She just shook her head and followed the two men back downstairs to grab another box. They passed Bucky on the stairs, struggling with the loveseat for the office. Steve grabbed the end of the awkwardly sized piece of furniture to help him while Natasha and Sam continued down to the street.
Peter Parker jumped down from the back of the U-Haul when they arrived. “Hey guys. I really don’t mind helping bring some stuff upstairs if someone else wants to guard the truck for a while.”
“You don’t have to…” Natasha began, but Sam had already collapsed into a desk chair sitting beside the ramp.
He made it clear he wasn’t moving when he propped his feet on a box. “Thanks, kid. Why’re you helping out again?”
“Mr. Stark said this was my internship assignment for the day. And it’s getting me out of a class presentation on theoretical FTL travel, which I know for a fact isn’t theoretical and…”
“Yup, we know you went planet hopping with Iron Man and those other weirdos.”
“I didn’t think the Guardians were that…”
“Thank you for being here, Peter,” Natasha interrupted. They were standing out on the street, after all, and much of what had gone on in the fight against Thanos was still classified. “Grab a box and follow me.” She aimed a kick at Sam’s foot after emerging from the truck with another box – books from the feel of it. “Don’t fall asleep.”
“I’m not gonna nap on a Brooklyn street. I gotta say, this neighborhood your boy picked almost feels like it would be safe enough, though. For a white guy, anyway.”
She frowned, unsure of what to say, but ended up saying nothing. As she and Parker made their way upstairs, he managed to stutter out, “Is, ah, um, Natasha? Could I, um, ask you something?”
“Only because you actually used my first name this time.” The poor kid had been bouncing back and forth between ‘Ms. Romanoff,’ ‘Ms. Widow’ and ‘Ma’am’ all day. “What do you want to know?”
“Well, I was just wondering…remember that time in Germany? At the airport?”
“Yeah.” She felt slightly bad about how sarcastic her tone had been, even to her own ears.
“Oh, I just thought that you’ve fought in a lot of battles so you might not remember specific ones or…”
“Was that your question?”
“Hm? Oh, no! I was…you’re moving in with Captain America right now. He’s your boyfriend, right?”
“Right. And?”
“Well…were you and he…you were fighting each other during that whole thing, even if you did let him go at the end, but that turned out to be…so not my question. What I’m really asking is – were you together back then?”
She huffed out a breath as they made it to the third-story landing. “We were just friends at that point. Our relationship came after.”
“When you helped him with that prison break?”
“He actually managed that one on his own.”
“Oh. Where were you?”
She looked over her shoulder at Parker’s curious expression. The Red Room’s destruction was also classified – the mission to free all of Dreykov’s brainwashed Widows even more so, limited to her nominal family and the freed Widows who had volunteered to aid their ‘sis
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
AU after Infinity War
romanogers - Freeform
Sisters
Family
Domestic nonsense
IKEA

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

