Chapter 1: First week of June
    




Chapter Text
Act 1:
First week of June, Senior Year
 ‘Just remember to breathe’ was the last thing May had said to Peter.  To be exact, it was  “Just remember to breathe, Peter,” May said, holding Peter’s shoulders squarely and looking at him firmly. “Just pretend your presentation isn’t worth half of your final mark and it’ll all be fine” , but all Peter could remember was her crushing grip and the word ‘breathe’. It resonated in his head like a dizzying ambulance siren, spinning around and around Peter until the memory of May settled deep in his ribcage. That Monday morning, Peter recalled, was a nightmare on its own. Without a regret, he had spent the majority of his weekend evenings swinging through the grittier parts of New York until daylight had broken. Normally, Peter would nurse his morning headache, call it an occupational hazard, and get on the bus to school, but he woke up so incredibly late. And he forgot he had a physics presentation second period. And he had a chemistry assignment due after lunch. May caught Peter that morning scrawling out his presentation notes onto cue cards. After a beat of silence, she sighed, “You didn’t practice, did you?” Peter gave her a weak smile. Before he could even start the entire ‘I had Spiderman things, and plus I already did the write up!’ spiel, May pushed his breakfast into his hand and looked pointedly at the clock. Shit, Peter was so late.  “I’d hurry up if I were you,” May said. Peter jolted up from his seat.  With one foot out the door, May stopped him. She gave him one of those crushing hugs that stilled Peter’s anxious trembles and pulled away to look at him. May put her hands on Peter’s shoulders and met his gaze. She was so sure of herself and was so sure that Peter was good, that Peter was worth it.  “Just remember to breathe, Peter,” May said. Her lips quirked upwards. “Just pretend your presentation isn’t worth half of your final mark and it’ll all be fine.” Then, Peter was gone.  Peter couldn’t remember if he said he loved her. He couldn’t remember if he even looked at May before he left her in their apartment. Peter couldn’t remember the last moment, the briefest moment, he had with May at all. All he remembered was her firm hands and her sure gaze and the word ‘breathe’ and oh, God,  all Peter wanted to do was be able to breathe again.   - ‘She was supposed to be at work,’ Peter thought. She was supposed to be at work. She was supposed to have been saving lives, administering medicine, and walking down the hospital walls with a coffee in hand. She wasn’t supposed to have bled out on the operating room table, then stitched up and put away in the morgue. Peter looked up at the white hospital lights and blinked away his tears. She was supposed to be at work. Peter didn’t think about the stillness in her chest, he didn’t think about her cold, limp hands, and he tried his best not to think about the bullet holes in her chest. He tried not to think about Ben, either.  “How are you doing, Peter?”  He looked up at the surgeon’s face. Peter couldn’t remember her name. “She was supposed to be at work,” he croaked. “I just… Wasn’t she supposed to be at work?” The surgeon - Dr. Hsi, Peter read off her name tag - nodded slightly. “She was on her evening break. Your aunt stepped out to grab a coffee, and then,” Dr. Hsi swallowed thickly, “and then, she was shot. She saw a little girl getting molested by a group of men in the back alley.” Dr. Hsi’s voice was wavering. “Just before your aunt went under, she said she had to stop it. She said she couldn’t turn around and walk the other way, even though she was so scared. I hope you know your aunt is… She was an incredibly brave woman. She saved that little girl’s life today.” “I know she’s brave,” Peter said, more to himself than to Dr. Hsi. He looked down at his hands, then at his web shooters hidden under his hoodie sleeves. He could’ve stopped it if he was there, he could’ve saved May and the little girl. Peter felt his stomach sink. “But… Why did she have to be brave today?” Dr. Hsi took a sharp breath and sat beside Peter. “May told me to tell you that she loved you and that it’s not your fault. Listen, Peter, I know what you’re thinking right now, but it’s  not your fault .” “But I could’ve-” “It’s not your fault,” Dr. Hsi said firmly. “Don’t blame yourself.” “So, what’s going to happen to me? I don’t have any other… Aunt May was my only family. Am I going into foster care?”  “If I’m honest, you’ll most likely not be put into a foster home. It’ll be easier to get emancipated than put in the system. You turn 18 in a couple of months, May left you everything in her will, and you’ll also become the main beneficiary for your uncle’s life insurance. It might not be much, but I hope it’ll keep you afloat until your birthday.” Dr. Hsi patted Peter’s back twice, then stood up awkwardly. She lingered for a second and said, “If you need anything, just call me, okay? I was good
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Team Red (Marvel) - Freeform
Found Family
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Rape/Non-con Elements
May Parker (Spider-Man) Dies
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Homelessness
Homeless Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Legal Inaccuracies
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
Anxiety Attacks
anger issues
Past Sexual Abuse
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Field Trip
Peter Parker Whump
IronDad and SpiderSon
Sokovia Accords
Alternate Universe - Renegotiated Sokovia Accords
Escapism

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Wade Wilson

