Chapter 1



Summary:

Peter 1 meets Peter 2.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Are you okay?” A gentle touch to Peter’s shoulder startled him out of his thoughts, making him nearly fall off his chair. His hands scrabbled against the table and the wall, unconsciously sticking to them to find purchase. “Sorry! Sorry... I didn’t mean to scare you.”Peter stared at the waitress with wide eyes. His heart was racing, his breathing heavy. The waitress stared back at him, nervously. She was just a girl, probably only a couple of years older than him. Slender, her blonde hair tied up in a ponytail. She wore a work uniform, her name tag displaying the name “Alessia”.“Uh…”, Peter uttered, slowly calming down.“Sorry… I… I didn’t mean to scare you”, the girl repeated, glancing down. “It’s just… you’re hurt and… it looked like you were crying…” She nervously nibbled on her bottom lip and glanced back up.Peter reached up and touched his cheek, feeling the wetness there. He quickly wiped his face dry, using his hoodie’s sleeve. “Oh, uhm. No – no, I’m okay. Sorry. Sorry, for… for this. I’m tired and kinda spaced out for a moment. I’m okay – I’m- I’m not hurt. Just had a little accident earlier, hit my head against a cupboard.” He nervously laughed, sounding hysterical even to his own ears. Jeez, he was a mess.Alessia eyed him skeptically, clearly not buying the cupboard story. She was too polite to call him out on his bullshit though. “Well… alright”, she softly said instead. She played with her hands. “We’re about to close the shop… so unless you need anything else…”“Oh – yeah, sure! Sorry”, he fumbled around in his pocket, looking for his worn wallet. Fuck. Was it really already this late? It felt like he’d just gotten there 10 minutes ago…Alessia dismissively waved her hand. “It’s okay… it’s on the house”. She looked at him, something like pity in her eyes. “Take care, yeah?”Peter froze. He stared at her like a deer caught in the headlights. “… But… no, it’s okay, I can pay…”, he mumbled, but Alessia was already shaking her head.“No, really. It’s fine.” She smiled. “Have a nice evening and take care.”A while later, Peter was walking down the street. He could suit up and go on patrol. It had been rather quiet lately, most of the stuff going down, stuff the police could deal with very well on their own. But what else was Peter supposed to do? It’s not like he had anything to do at home. Sleep? Yeah, right. These days he was lucky if he managed to pass out for two or three hours after working all day and patrolling all night. And even then, he slept fitfully, plagued by nightmares. Aunt May dying in his arms. MJ and Ned not recognizing him. Nobody recognizing him. Mysterio outing his identity to the world. People insulting and attacking him on the street. Every now and then he even dreamed of Mr. Stark. It was like he had an entire catalogue of nightmares his brain nightly chose a random nightmare from.Peter sighed deeply. He wasn't well. He wasn't well at all. Some part of him realized this. Realized, he couldn't go on like this. Realized, he was slowly killing himself. He barely slept. He barely ate. He’d become reckless while patrolling, didn’t really care if he got hurt. Why should he? It’s not like it changed anything. It’s not like there was anyone worrying about him. He himself definitely didn’t give a shit. Sometimes, he even let it happen on purpose, although he wouldn't admit it.It was hard being a nobody. There’d been no choice – it had been the right thing to do. Making the world forget who Peter Parker was, had been the only option to fix the mess he’d made. But it wasn’t until months later, with literally nobody and nothing in his life, that he started to truly acknowledge that maybe he wasn't strong enough to walk the path he’d chosen for himself. Especially now that New York had been quieter, making even Spider-Man obsolete, he was starting to wonder: why was he still there? What was his purpose in life? Maybe… maybe he’d already fulfilled whatever purpose he’d had. Maybe now… maybe now he wasn't needed anymore. Was he?Had he actually ever been needed? He’d brought pain to everyone he loved. Aunt May was dead because of him. MJ and Ned had been in so much danger because he’d involved them in his shit. MJ had almost died as well. They were so much better off without him. He knew for a fact, because every now and then he checked up on them. They seemed happy without him. They were safer for sure.Peter sniffled and rubbed his moist eyes. His touch stung against his slightly swollen and purple left eye. He came to a halt in a dark alley and braced himself against the wall of a tall building. He was fucking miserable, there was no denying this. He’d never felt this alone and sad in all his life. He just wished he had someone or at least something to make this all worth it. But he didn’t. He just hurt. Hurt so much. And he wished, it would all stop. He just w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter-Two (Spider-Man: No Way Home)
Peter Parker & Peter-Three (Spider-Man: No Way Home)
Peter-Two & Peter-Three (Spider-Man: No Way Home)
Peter Parker & Peter-Two & Peter-Three (Spider-Man: No Way Home)
one-sided Peter Parker/Michelle Jones (minor)
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson (Minor)

freeform: 
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Depression
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Eventual recovery
bros being the best bros ever
Brotherly Bonding
Brotherly Love
Brotherly Affection
Protective Older Brothers
Peter 2 is also kind of a dad tbh
Rescue Missions
Multiverse
interdimensional travelling
Pseudoscience
please do not take any of it seriously
Humor
yes believe it or not there's even some humor in this
Eventual Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter-Two (Spider-Man: No Way Home)
Peter Parker & Peter-Three (Spider-Man: No Way Home)
Peter-Two & Peter-Three (Spider-Man: No Way Home)
Peter Parker & Peter-Two & Peter-Three (Spider-Man: No Way Home)
one-sided Peter Parker/Michelle Jones (minor)
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson (Minor)

