Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The apartment was so quiet.Well, no. The neighbors were loud. The street outside was loud. Even the awful yellowish ceiling lamp was loud, always buzzing in Peter’s ears.But it was empty. That was the word. Empty.And cold, since he couldn’t pay for much heating. He sat on the bed, hands tucked under his thighs to ward off the chill, and stared blankly out the window. Snow was falling. People were just…going on with their lives. Like normal.He pictured Ned and MJ. All their college plans. Their lives were unrolling ahead of them, free of danger. Free of Spiderman.And that was the way it had to be, right? He’d tried to have it both ways. He’d tried to have Spiderman and Peter Parker. And for one brilliant, perfect week, it actually worked.Maybe he could hold onto the memory of that week in the years to come.And he could check in on Ned and MJ. Just make sure they were still okay. Plus, that way, if anything ever changed, if they started to remember—No. Even if they remembered something, he had to do the right thing. Stay away. Let them live their lives.Aunt May was right. Vengeance was never the answer. Helping people, that was what mattered.Starting with Ned and MJ.Because Osborn and Jameson were right too. Everyone Peter touched got hurt.Peter bit down hard on the inside of his cheek. He was doing the right thing.So why did it feel so wrong?He shook his head. Didn’t matter how it felt. He couldn’t be selfish anymore. He tried that, and he almost lost everything. He did lose—He shook his head again. No point thinking about that.He couldn’t not think about that.His eyes stung and blurred with tears. His chest constricted.It wasn’t fair.He missed her so much.He’d give anything to have her back. Even if it meant she didn’t know who he was, that was fine, he could live like that as long as he knew she was okay. As long as she was happy.Where was she right now? Did she still exist? Or was that just…it?And with that thought, it was no longer just grief overwhelming him. Panic rose up, choking him, because what if she wasn’t okay, what if she wasn’t at peace, or what if she wasn’t anywhere anymore, and he didn’t know, and—He shoved himself to his feet, bouncing twice on his toes and shaking out his arms. He had to stop thinking. Just stop thinking.For, what, the rest of his life?If only he could turn his brain off. Just…just turn into a robot or something, so he could still help people as Spiderman, but so he wouldn’t have to think, wouldn’t have to hurt—He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to block out the thoughts. It didn’t work. They were coming from his own head.It burst over him all at once: the utter certainty that he could not keep going like this. He needed something, someone.Not Ned or MJ. Not Dr. Strange. Who else? Happy? Happy couldn’t help. Happy would just make him think of her. And Happy was grieving too. And besides, it wasn’t fair to drag Happy into the danger of Spiderman’s world.There was no one else.But as he stared at the window, he remembered another window. A brick thrown. And caught by someone who shouldn’t have seen it coming, let alone have the reflexes to catch it before even Peter could.No. No way was Peter dragging some other innocent person into his mess, no matter how lonely or helpless or awful he felt.He just had to…deal with it.   He tried. He spent the day setting up advertisements for freelance computer work, and at night he went out as Spiderman. He tried not to think of the people he loved, but he couldn’t help drifting by the coffee shop or the school as the spring semester started up.Spring. Wasn’t that supposed to be a time for new beginnings?Maybe this was his new beginning then. Felt more like a long, drawn-out ending, but maybe. Maybe.Except all the odd jobs he couldn’t find weren’t enough to cover food for someone with his metabolism, let alone rent. After his third late payment, he found himself staring at an eviction notice.The weight of his own stupidity hit him like a truck. Who was he kidding, thinking he could go off on his own and be a functional adult? Yeah, right.So what now? He’d taken Dr. Strange’s advice and tried actually pleading his case with his landlord, but it wasn’t enough. What other options were there? Probably a ton of options if only someone was around to tell him what they were. He tried googling, but it seemed like his only two options were “pay all the money” or “get a lawyer” which usually required money which was exactly the problem in this—Wait.He’d been kind of too frazzled to track all the details, but…that lawyer Happy found to get Peter off the murder charges? Didn’t he work for free? Peter wasn’t totally sure, but he thought he’d pretty much definitely heard the words “pro bono” thrown around at some point.A small part of him didn’t want to get his hopes up. But he didn’t know what else to do. And he didn’t have to tell this guy anything about Spiderman. So he wouldn’t actually be endangering him. Just getting som
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
that's it that's the fic
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Matt Murdock is a Good Bro
vigilante friends
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Fluff
yes I promise there is some fluff
Found Family
Food is a love language
Matt doesn't know how to express love with words so he does it with food
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Post-Canon
Canon Compliant
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
Matt Murdock is a really good lawyer

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

