Chapter 1: A Lonely Spidey
    


Summary:

Peter feels like he doesn't deserve a good Christmas.Especially since it's his first Christmas without having anybody. And it's all his fault.



Notes:
I just want to say thank you so much for all the incredible support I've been getting on my old and new spider bro fics,  the comments are so sweet! I hope to get back to all of you very soon, I just want to get out this very fluffy Christmas special I have in mind since NWH absolutely broke me and pretty much everyone. We need more content with the spider bros, IM SO GLAD THEY ARE GETTING THE RECOGNITION THEY DESERVE AHH I LOVED THEIR CHEMISTRY!! But yes! I do see your suggestions and started writing a few already heh :p Anyways, I hope you enjoy this Christmas story!!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Snow fell as Christmas cheer was prominent in the city. Bells, Christmas jingles and even laughs of joy when kids would play in the snow in the streets.
As Peter walked down the freezing alleys in New York, he couldn't help but feel this awful, achy sensation in his stomach.
It's going to be the first Christmas without May.
It's going to be the first Christmas without Happy.
And it's going to be the first Christmas without MJ and Ned.
It's been a couple months since the whole multiverse shebang happened. From meeting different villains who had a gripe with him, to trying to cure them while meeting 2 of his alternate selves...
Yeah, no one could say their senior year was more stressful than that.

If even I had a senior year 

Peter sighed as he came back to his dingey, crusty apartment he was able to afford with what he had worked for. While he mostly despised working at the Bugle, nothing was more like a promising salary than selling his selfies of his alternate ego to his very annoying boss, JJJ.
Peter rubbed his arms quickly,trying to heat himself up as he headed up to his hopefully, slightly warm apartment.
"Rent?" The landlord asked as he stepped out of the room across from the young man.
"Not today sir." Peter looked at him expecting anger, but was only met with pitied nod.  "I..I promise I'll get something tomorrow."
The landlord simply sniffed, watching Peter look for his keys in his over sized backpack. The landlord quietly sighed. "Alright. I'll let you slide just because Christmas is this weekend. You can pay me back Monday, capishe? Don't expect this treatment often."
Peter let out a breath in relief. "Thank you sir. I.. I really appreciate it."
The landlord waved him off like it was no big deal. "Just remember, I won't do this again. I'm only doing it just because I'm in the holiday mood."
Peter simply let out a small chuckle. "Yes sir. Have a merry Christmas."
Peter was finally able to find his keys in his messy backpack, opening the door and quickly went inside. 
Despite actually remembering having enough to pay his heating bill, it felt like winter was hosted right in his very room. Rubbing his arms harsher to gather more warmth, he quickly closed the door and sat quietly on his bed.
He couldn’t help but feel sorry for himself as he looked around his apartment, knowing damn well the vacancy of Christmas decor wasn’t because he couldn’t afford it.
Well actually he really couldn’t…but...
H didn't deserve it. 
He didn't deserve to even have a little tree.
He didn’t deserve a good Christmas.
He didn’t deserve to have a Christmas spent firstly with MJ and Ned, opening presents and laughing with them like crazy as Happy could watch with amusement or boredom, he wouldn't care! He could snore and yell humbug at them all day and he would be pleased. 
And May..
 May..

May would probably be cooking in the kitchen, singing her favorite Italian love songs as she tried to not burn the kitchen down, trying to make some of Peter's favorite holiday food. 
He could smell her delicious baked goods, or, even if they weren't as great as store-bought, oh how he would give to taste something that was made by love. Homemade.
The last homemade dish he had from May was a day before he casted the spell-
He remembered the  very first Christmas they spent without Ben, Peter was sitting sullenly in their living room as May tried to keep the holiday spirits up. At that time, young Peter thought that nothing would absolutely be right and that everything… was over.
 

“I think this pie will help turn your frown upside down.”


A younger Peter sniffed as he looked away, crossing his slightly thinner arms. “I’m not hungry May.”


“Fair, my cooking isn’t that great.” May tried to laugh but it fell flat on all ears, including hers.


Peter only looked up with welled up tears in his brown doe eyes. “I'm sorry May. I just miss him a lot today." And with that, Peter let out a small hiccuping sob.


“Oh, sweetheart.” She quickly set the pie down and crouched in front of Peter, encasing him into a firm hug. “I miss him so much too.”


They stayed like that, in each other’s embrace until
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Otto Octavius & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Brotherly Love
Brotherly Bonding
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Not Spider-Man: No Way Home Compliant
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
All Peter Parkers are precious
Peter Parker has brothers
they are all so adorable and cute I knew this trio would be iconic
Christmas Fluff
Sleepovers
Fluff and Angst
Tickling
Spider bros
Hurt/Comfort
Pillow Fights
Hot Chocolate
Big Brothers
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Adorable Peter Parker
Found Family
Brotherly Angst
Men Crying
lots of tears and angst and yep Pete needs therapy man he’s been through so much
But lots of crying
It’s okay tho bc comfort
Fights
Arguing
I promise with great angst comes great comfort n fluff
Like it will be so fluffy your teeth will hurt
poor babies
Otto Octavius acting as Peter Parker’s Parental Figure
OctoDad is pretty much at the end tho lol
he’s just a minor character

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Otto Octavius & Peter Parker

