Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Why do people say ‘go suck a dick’ as an insult?” 
Peter nearly dropped his text books on the ground, like he did last time Wade had mysteriously appeared and practically yelled an equally random question straight in his ear.
“Hi, Wade.” Peter always had a tone with Wade. A “why do you insist on talking to me please stop now” tone. Wade, of course, ignored the tone.
“Like I can think of a million worse things than that to say to a person I’m angry at. Like ‘Go read a Nicholas Sparks book!’ . I think the phrase should be changed to mean fond farewell.”  Wade wasn’t just rambling, he was genuinely frustrated about the subject.
“I don’t know, probably the same reason people say ‘Go fuck yourself’ “ Peter replied attempting to sooth Wade’s fascination with the matter “Or really why does anyone say anything” he finished trying to bring the conversation to a close before his next class.
Wade seemed to contemplate Peter’s response for a moment 
“That doesn’t make any sense, Im trying to have a serious conversation here, Petey !” Wade had the same determined look in his eye as he did the time he was dared to eat the entire cafeterias supply of Tacos. Mary Jane has dared him too because he wouldn’t stop flirting with her and she knew he couldn’t turn down a dare or tacos. 
“I’d love to continue this sparkling little chat but I have to go to History” Peter said gesturing to the door he has lead both of them too without Wade noticing they were even walking. 
“Alright nerd.  “ Wade mocked and began to walk away and then “go suck a dick!” he said cheerfully. 
 Peter could feel his face go red as the few stragglers left in the hall all turned their heads slightly towards him in confusion.
Peter settled himself into his desk, if he had just met Wade he would wonder why Wade wasn’t in class himself but Peter knew better than that now.
Wade has transferred to Peters school in the fall, since then he had done nothing but annoy Peter as well as make Peter fall endlessly more in love with him. Just days after arriving he quickly made it clear that he was going to glue himself to Peter with some sort of mutant strength glue. Which at first Peter really didn’t mind cause, well, Wade is ridiculously hot, in a ‘please take me right here in the boys locker’ kind of way. But it became all too clear that Wade didn’t play for the same team as Peter.  
Which brings us to the current situation of ‘Peter is annoyed and sexually frustrated and Wade is clueless’ . It wasn’t a fun place to be stuck.
As per usual the ever sucky History teacher assigned homework over the weekend. 
“Fabulous” Peter thought out loud after the bell rang
“Whats up, tall, dark, and lanky” Ah, Gwen Stacy. God only knows why she talks to Him but they had been friends for years. Even if she was head cheerleader and he was a walking embodiment of every nerd like stereotype there was . 
“Thrilled to be writing a ten page report on the fall of the Roman empire” she asked smirking
“Well, it was what I was planning to do this weekend anyway so at least now I’ll get credit for it” Peter had long since decided it wasn’t worth responding to questions like that with anything other than sarcasm 
“Good, so you can help me out?”  she pouted her lip a little bit, enough to drive a straight man a little hard.
Now, Peter knew Gwen was smart, possibly smarter than himself so clearly she had another agenda.
“I don’t want to meet you’re ridiculously attractive and snobby friend” Gwen had long been trying to hook Peter up with multiple partners.
“Tony isn’t snobby. Ok he is. And he is a bit of a dick. But you could actually have fun this weekend! Im having a party hes going to be there and you’re going to be there” Gwen stated confidently and then grabbed her bag and walked away all ‘I just told you what to do so suck it up’ type way.  
The only thing Peter hated more than Wades stupid face and perfect body was going to parties. Parties are where teenagers gather to try and out-stupid one another.
______
“Did you know Math is a required course in order to graduate ?” 
“Yes, Wade. Please tell me you did too” Peter could already sense a long weekend of prepping Wade for a math test was near.
“
I do now. Math classes are boring. “ Wade stated matter of factly as if it were a legitment excuse for skipping them
“So how much do you have to catch up on?” 
“four assignments and three tests” Wade was looking up at the sky which always made Peter get lost in his goddamn jawline which had to have been fashioned from marble .
They were already almost to Peters house
“Ok, come over tonight and we’ll see what we can get done. “ Not all bad, he had an excuse to give Gwen for skipping her party. But also his excuse was spending more one on one time with the most maddening man on earth and his stupid jawline.
Peter walked through the door, gave Aunt May a quick hug before she headed out to the hospital and then collapsed on the couch
“4:42, I have time for a nap” .
Peters dr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spideypool
Wade/Peter
little bit of halex
Cherik

freeform: 
Peter is out of the closet
Wade Has Issues
Sassy Peter
Minor Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Alternate Universe - High School
Halex
Hank/alex - Freeform
bit of xmen
bit of avengers
Stony - Freeform
steve/tony - Freeform
Alternate Universe - No Powers
No communication skills
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Spideypool
Wade/Peter
little bit of halex
Cherik

