Chapter 1: Set Your Bones Down
    




Chapter Text
You’d been planning it for months. Years really. Finally a chance to get away and, luck willing, get some writing done. The cabin had been neglected in your family for a long time, and while you didn’t particularly like the idea of living in the wilderness, it beat camping. You had even managed to get internet connected for your stay. You thought you knew what to expect. Unpacking the car and hauling everything into the cabin, you were seriously starting to doubt it.

The closest town was almost an hour away, and you’d scheduled the internet installation for tomorrow and it was already getting dark out. And cold despite still being mid-august. There was a small pile of wood already near the woodstove so you mentally checked that of the list of tasks you had. Once the fire was going, you reevaluated. Cleaning, bedding, and the curtains. First you poured some bottled water into the kettle, an old stove top one you’d picked up at a thrift store, so you’d have hot water for tea.
With that settled, you started on the rest of your tasks, eager to settle in. Most of it would have to wait until daylight but changing out all the curtains and bedding was mandatory. The bedding was easy…mattress topper, sheets, blankets and pillows replaced in minutes. The curtains were a nightmare, the rod breaking as soon as you got one side unhooked, sending you sprawling backwards. For a moment, you thought you saw a face out the window in the dark woods. All teeth and- but not obviously there was nothing there and you brushed it off, sighing to yourself. Curtain would have to wait, so you took the old one to the trash, stuffing it in unceremoniously and got ready for bed.

**
Nightmares plagued you all night. Suffocating cold and the feeling of wet leaves beneath your feet as you run. Something chasing you, a feeling of being devoured alive.
**

You woke to your phone ringing and an insistent knocking on the door. “Just a moment!” You shouted and looked at your phone. The internet. Fuck.
You spring from your bed and bundle yourself in clothes and leap for the door, ignoring your phone completely. On the other side, is a scraggly looking man with a patient smile.

“Hi, (Y/N), right? I’m here to set up your internet.”

“Yeah, sorry about that. I’m not used to traveling for so long and I didn’t sleep well last night.” You stopped, realising sheepishly you were rambling. “Uh sorry, come in. you gestured behind you and moved out of the way.

“Uh, should I remove my boots?” He asked, and you noted he had a vague New York accent. You shook your head.

“Normally I’d insist on it but I haven’t had a chance to clean yet. Like I said, got in pretty late” You flushed and slipped your slippers on, having left them beside the bed when you’d rushed to get ready. He set his set of tools down on the table.He smiled widely. “It happens. I’m sure you’ll get settled in no time. Got any idea where the connection is?”
You felt relieved he wasn’t going to judge you for the state of the place. You pointed out where you had hoped to set everything up and he got to work without any more preamble.

“Hey you said you got in late, right?” He finished setting it all up and booted the system. While you were waiting, he looked at you curiously. “You’ve got to be careful in the dark around here. There’s all kinds of crazy things out in those woods. Not to mention the locals aren’t exactly known to trust outsiders”
You brushed him off with a lazy wave of your hand. “I grew up near here so I’m not that much of an outsider.” You laughed. “But to be fair, I’m only here to get some writing done so I won’t really be much for socializing anyways.” He nodded but had already turned his attention back to the modem.

When everything was done, he turned and gave you another indecipherable look. “Well you might not have much luck with wifi but you’ll have a steady connection for as long as you’re here. For the record, I live down by the crick off of old Smith road so if you have any trouble feel free to stop by.” He paused and chuckled before correcting himself. “I mean you should probably call tech support or something first but if you’ve got no luck with them I’m close. Shoot me a text first though ok?” With that, he handed you a piece of paper with his number and was almost out the door before you could say much of anything.

“Hey!” you stopped him as he opened the door to his truck parked behind your rental car. “Thanks, I’ll give you a call if I need anything.” You’d wanted to say more but you weren’t sure you really wanted him hanging around much longer.

He smiled again. “Anytime darling. You take care.” You shook off the weird feeling as he pulled away and put it out of your mind. It was time to get food started and check in with your family.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Reader
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Reader
Eddie Brock | Venom/Reader
Venom Symbiote/Reader

freeform: 
Stalking
Feral Behavior
Extremely Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Gaslighting
Cannibalism
Xenophilia
Post-Venom 2: Let there be Carnage
Non-MCU compliant
Rape/Non-con Elements
Teeth
Tentacles
Drugged Sex
Date Rape Drug/Roofies
He/Him and They/Them pronouns for Venom

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock/Reader
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Reader
Eddie Brock | Venom/Reader
Venom Symbiote/Reader

