Chapter 1: Collateral Damage
    


Notes:
12/20 update: so I thought Flo Pugh was taller than Hailee S but she is not so I fixed that !




Chapter Text
The charred apartment is an accurate representation for your hollowed out chest. It stings, the rejection, a searing trail of I’m not good enough winding its way around your gut and lungs and heart. And, dammit, you loved this shitty amazing apartment, and the smell of smoke where you once hosted your friends, your mother, your hopes and fears, clogs up your wind pipe. Fresh tears blur your eyes as you stare out an empty window frame, cool December air whistling in. “Kate Bishop.” You jerk back from the window as if sucker punched. The woman from the roof stands across from you, now in an ashy apartment, a pot in her hands. Your hand finds the closest thing to you, and launches it. She catches the sriracha bottle an inch above her head and sing-songs, “Hi! I made macaroni if you want some.” “I’m sorry. What?” you ask, trying to get your brain to catch up to the scene in front of you. “Well, I was starving and you took so forever,” the woman explains, in a tone that suggests you are foolish for even asking, “So I wanted to make food.” She starts walking towards you. Your sympathetic nervous system must have its neurons crossed, because neither fight nor flight is coming to you, and you’ve never been one to freeze.“What do you want?” “Relax, Kate Bishop. I just want to talk, okay?” The second time she says your full name, her voice strikes you down your spine, goosebumps running up your arms. The hairs on the back of your neck prick as she reaches the table, sweeping her hair out of her face. Inside your apartment, she takes up the entire room, looming over you despite being a few inches shorter than you. Her scent, citrusy, and something else you can’t place, and the adrenaline in your veins drives your tears away and turns your brain into mush. She puts the food and sriracha on the table and looks at you, eyebrows furrowed. “Are you really not hungry? That fight was so long. It’s really tasty. Really tasty.” She crosses to your kitchenette. “I know what boxed Mac and cheese tastes like,” you mutter, watching her, “Okay, I know it’s…. It’s delicious.” She’s clucking her tongue inspecting your kitchen supplies. It takes you a moment to realize she’s muttering about looking for forks. “No… You only have one fork?” She holds it up in disbelief.“I’m… I’m only one person,” you manage, still trying to figure out how to breathe properly. “That’s so weird.” She holds up a plastic fork. “Kate, this is not cutlery!” Her head shakes disapprovingly as she returns to the table, holding out the real silverware. You hesitate, body screaming at all the ways this fork is dangerous in her hands. When you don’t move to accept the offer, she sighs and puts them down on the table.“I am not just gonna sit here and have dinner with you after you tried to kill me and then broke into my house!” you warn. You want to say more, but her jaw drops open like you’ve truly offended her. It strikes you that her expression is so adorable you want to beg for forgiveness. ”I did not try to kill you,” she huffs, “A, I put you on a wire to remove an obstacle. And B, I did not break anything. I am way too talented for that.” This much is clear to you. “And C… Stop being so defensive. Okay?” She shakes her head disapprovingly. “You are so hostile. I’m not going to hurt you. I promise. I don’t have any weapons on me.” She chuckles at your gaze sweeping up her body. “Okay, I take that back. I don’t have any weapons currently in my hands.” She sees you glance down at the widow’s bites on her wrists. She shrugs, inspecting her hands. “That’s a lie also.” She takes the cuffs off her wrists and sets them aside, but within reach. “Come on,” she goads, taking a seat, “Take a fork. Eat. Please, my daddy says it’s good for you.” Okay, Bishop, you manage to think, still waiting for your instincts to kick in, She’s even hotter than you thought and that choker thing she’s got going on is- Nope! that’s enough of that. She sighs, “You’re probably thinking ‘What? This is crazy. I’m going to have dinner with the enemy? And she made some really good smelling macaroni’.”“I don’t sound like that,” you mutter, and she grins.“I know. No one sounds as good as me.” She cocks her head, studies you as if you were a specimen under a microscope. “But in all honesty, if I wanted to kill you-““-You would have already,” you fill in for her. “Right as you open the door,” she agrees, pointing at it for emphasis.“I probably wouldn't have time to shut it.”“No.” She gets a laugh out of that, and it’s better than your favorite song, “Smart lady. Sit,” she repeats, and it’s no longer a suggestion, “Eat.”“Okay…” You do, not as begrudgingly as you expect. She slides the plastic fork towards you. Your fingertips touch hers as you reach for it and it's electrifying, all the way down to your bones. Satisfied that you’re exactly where she w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
I'm a bit ticked off I didn't do it first but hey happy to add to the mix
the tone shifts very quickly from Yelena being "scary" to them fucking
We all know that this is what should have happened anyway
Hawkeye spoilers
specifically ep 5
and ep 6
tada this has become a multi chapter fic

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

