Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 af·ter·glow // ˈaf-tər-ˌglō  


 noun 


 definition: a glow remaining where a light has disappeared 

 
He wouldn’t say he does well after that final battle and Doctor Strange’s Stephen’s spell, but he gets by. 
 
Yeah. Yeah, that’s it. He gets by. 
 
He gets an apartment and figures out how to get a GED. Through trial and error, he figures out how to do life by himself. He learns basic recipes that don’t pose any risk of him accidentally burning down his apartment. He learns how to make a budget off of the very few resources that he has. He learns tricks to stretch food so it lasts longer, even for his metabolism. He learns (and honestly he should have known this, but apparently he’s an idiot) not to mix white t-shirts with any red article of clothing. He learns how to live utterly alone and not shrivel up and die from lack of human connection. 
 
It’s the last lesson that’s the hardest to learn. 
 

 (Because you can learn tips and tricks to survive, but it’s community that makes you thrive.) 

 
Needless to say, he doesn’t thrive. But he gets by. 
 
He continues his role as Spider-Man, making a new suit inspired by Spidey-2 and Spidey-3’s suits, in vibrant shades of red and blue. He does what he is meant to do. He protects people. He saves their lives. 
 
He even gets a real paying job. It’s an ironic one, that’s for sure, and not one he particularly enjoys or agrees with, but it’s a job and he’ll take it because New York rent is  expensive , even for an apartment where there is a constant smell of mold in the air and the only visitors he gets are cockroaches, and if the only job he can get to pay the rent is one where he takes pictures of himself as Spider-Man and sells them to a man like J. Jonah Jameson, then by golly, he’ll take it. 
 
It’s not great, but it’s functional, and he gets by. 
 
Oh, who is he fooling? Not himself certainly, and he doesn’t have anyone else in his life to fool. 
 
He’s not getting by. Not really. 
 
Life  sucks . 
 
He remembers a book May had read to him as a kid:  Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day . He feels like that could be the title of a biography about his life right now. Only it hasn’t been just one bad day. It’s been two bad months. Two terrible, horrible, no good, very bad months. Really a whole lifetime of bad moments with a few good ones sprinkled in. Right now though, this is the epicenter of the awfulness. 
 
His girlfriend doesn’t remember him; his best friend doesn’t remember him; Happy doesn’t remember him; his parents are dead; his uncle is dead; his aunt is dead; his pseudo-father/boss/saver of the universe is dead; he has no money, no identity, no one who loves him. He is completely and utterly alone. 
 
But at least he has a purpose. At least he can do  something  in his life that is worthwhile. 
 
He can confidently say that if he didn’t have Spider-Man, he would not be alive. 
 
He’s not proud of it and he does his best not to think about it, but there had been a moment, after the coffee shop with MJ and Ned, when he had gone back to his rat’s nest of an apartment, coffee going cold in his hands, and he had very honestly considered killing himself. It would have been easy. He was hard to kill, hard to hurt, but he wasn’t invincible. A knife in the gut, a bottle of pills, even a fall from very far up—he can be killed. 
 
It wasn’t that he wanted to die necessarily. He wanted very much to be alive, he wanted to laugh until his stomach hurt and to see new things and meet new people and eat new foods and fall more and more in love with someone and feed the goats in petting zoos and go to the Grand Canyon and learn to paint and do all the things that came with life. 
 
But he didn’t want to be alone when he did those things. He wanted to have MJ and Ned and Happy by his side, laughing at him, laughing  with him, while he did those things. 
 
He wanted to exist, he really did. 
 
But could you really exist if literally no one else knew you were alive? Could you exist if only you were aware that you existed in the first place? It was a disheartening concept. 
 
So, no it wasn’t because he wanted to die, but because he didn’t want to feel the stinging pain of being alone anymore, the pain that crawled up him like a rash and consumed him, and the easiest way to not feel that pain anymore… was to die. 
 
But as he had sat in his apartment, pondering the idea with a weird sort of detachment from his actual self, the thought had come to him like an oasis in a desert that he was more than just Peter Parker. He was Spider-Man. 
 
If Peter Parker died, then so would Spider-Man. And if Spider-Man died… 
 
Who would look out for the little guy? Who would help defend those who couldn’t defend themselves? Who would feed all the stray dogs in the alleys who didn’t have anyone else who loved them? 
 
He had a great power, as May had said, and therefore he had a responsibility. 
 
To die would be to take the easy way 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Michelle Jones (mentioned)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
spoilers for no way home
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie) Spoilers
Angst
Like so much angst
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
but there is hope
Because there is always hope
I made Tony show up
Because my boy needs it
Photography
Sadness
Crying
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
Gradual Healing
Grief/Mourning
I really hope Tony's Lake Cabin is in New York
If not well that's unfortunate
we're just gonna go with it
Tony Stark Has A Heart
lil bit of domestic fluff in there
before we get even more angsty
Interviews
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
my attempt at humor
Introspection
Panic Attacks
Tony is just very confused
Coffee
Parent Tony Stark
Magic
but also science
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Memories
Resurrected Tony Stark
Arguements
And then resolution because I made them talk like grownups
Strange is done with dealing with crap
Even though it's pretty much all his fault
Fix-It
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Tony Stark also gets a hug
Hugs all around
Reunions
Snow
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
putting the comfort in hurt/comfort
Fluff
the last chapter is pure self-indulgence
Supportive Pepper Potts
Irondad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Father-Son Relationship
all the feels

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Michelle Jones (mentioned)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

