Chapter 1: new world order
    


Notes:
To any new readers: You don't have to read the previous fics to understand this one, but you should know that they have watched Endgame so they know that Steve went back in time and also gave Sam the shield. All of the characters are from 2018 - a week before Infinity War.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Sam ironed his shirt and put it on. He also put on his blazer glancing at Captain America's shield on his bed. 
Steve smiled at Sam. He couldn't wait to see him as Captain America.Sam felt mixed emotions about the shield. It had a complicated legacy, to say the least.
He put it in a case and zipped it up. 
"What are you doing?" asked Bucky.Sam shrugged.
"How does it feel?" "Like it’s someone else’s." "It isn’t."
Steve nodded. It wasn't someone else's; it was Sam's since he was the best person for the shield.
Cut to a plane flying overhead. "The criminal organization known as LAF is targeting Captain Vasant, one of our military liaisons," a Major explained. 
Everyone blinked in surprise at Sam working in the Air Force again."You're working with the Air Force again?" Steve asked, curiously."I thought the reason you didn't agree with the Accords was that you agreed with Steve's point that people with agendas ran the UN," said Tony, slightly bitter. "I think the US Air Force definitely has an agenda."Sam looked baffled. He left the Air Force for a reason; he didn’t know why he was back in it.
"LAF?" asked Sam, dressed in his Falcon suit. 
Everyone raised an eyebrow."Why are you in your Falcon suit?" asked Bucky. "And not a Captain America suit?"Sam sighed.
The Major explained that they lost contact with Vasant's plane after it took off, and it had already entered Tunisian airspace. He also said that the US military could not be seen operating out there.
Everyone grimaced."So why are they?" Wanda spat out. "Typical."
Sam said he got it as he opened the door to the plane. "You guys fly low, drop me off, I fly up to intercept. No treaties violated."
Natasha hoped any treaties wouldn't be violated; there didn't need to be another Accords situation.
The Major said First Lieutenant Torres would be on the ground, helping him. The mission had to be subtle. "Subtle. Got it," said Sam as he dropped out of the plane and activated his wings. 
Everyone snorted as Sam smirked.
On the ground, there were jeeps full of soldiers. "Sam, Torres here. Sending intel to your HUD right now," said Torres as he watched Sam through his binoculars. Sam asked if there was any sign of LAF. Torres said nothing yet. Sam landed on top of the plane and peeked in to see the pilot was dead and LAF was piloting the plane. 
"Shit," everyone cursed.
Sam told Torres that LAF had already hijacked the plane. Torres said they were going to need to call some people. The LAF hijacker saw Sam and was startled. Sam flew back.  
Everyone snickered."I would be scared too if I saw a man hanging on the outside of the plane," said Peter.
"Did you see that?" the hijacker told Batroc in French. 
Natasha and Steve blinked in surprise."Batroc?" Steve groaned.Everyone looked at the two, confused."You've met him before?" asked Bucky."Yeah, Nat and I met him on a mission in 2014," Steve explained. "It was the start of the whole mess with SHIELD and HYDRA."Everyone grimaced.
"I just saw a man on the windshield," the man said. Batroc scoffed. 
Everyone chuckled."To be fair, I don't think many people would believe that," said Rhodey."Which is good for me," said Sam.
Sam was flying behind the plane and said he was switching to plan B. Sam turned on his x-ray vision on his goggles to see two people manhandling a man. Back in the plane, Batroc and the other hijackers laughed as they tied Vasant's hands together. 
Everyone scowled.
Sam flew to the side of the plane. "Redwing, engage." Redwing lasered the door open as Batroc punched Vasant. 
Sam smiled. Redwing was the best.Natasha sent Redwing a dirty look. "Can't believe you still have that thing." She never liked Redwing."Why wouldn't I? Redwing has my back," said Sam.Bucky snorted."I have a Redwing too!" said Peter. "But mine's a Spider-Drone in my suit."Sam and Peter high-fived as everyone rolled their eyes. 
Sam burst in and fought Batroc and all the other hijackers. 
"Those are some nice moves," Rhodey said appreciatively. "I could do them better, though.""Thanks, man," laughed Sam.
He used his wings to form a shield to protect himself from the bullets. One of the bullets ricocheted and hit the pilot, who died, and now the plane was diving. 
Everyone paled."Shit!" Clint exclaimed.
"Captain Vasant? Let’s get you out of here," said Sam before Batroc kicked him in the face. 
Steve looked at Batroc, unimpressed. "Looks like he didn't learn any new moves."
Batroc and Sam fought as the other LAF members secured Vasant to a skydiving suit. 
"Are they skydiving now?" said Scott."Looks like it," said Bruce.
Batroc got into a skydivi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Scott Lang & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Minor Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Watch-it fic
avengers watch the falcon and the winter soldier
watching the future
The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (TV) Compliant
Black Widow (Movie 2021) Post-Credits Scene
Black Widow (Movie 2021) Compliant
steve and tony are on the same page for once
scott's the president of the 'i hate walker' club
bucky and tony are the vice presidents
peter is secretary
Tony forgives Bucky
sam's ass is america's ass
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Frenemies Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Black Widow (Movie 2021) Spoilers
The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (TV) Spoilers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Past Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Scott Lang & Sam Wilson

