Chapter 1



Notes:
hello !!! It has been forty six hours since I saw NWH and I am an emotional wreck!!! I wrote this yesterday but didn't get the chance to post it until today!! yes this is completely off the top of my head and yes the second chapter is being written!! for the love of GOD let these Peters REST oh my GOD!!!!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
  Peter Parker One is alone.He only swings as far as he needs to until he can walk. Every step is the heaviest he's ever taken. Every breath is painful. The pain is in his lungs, in his throat. In his heart.The backroads of Queens have never seemed so lonely. Peter knows his borough like the back of his hand—he can navigate this city like it's his bedroom. But as he walks through the streets, they're eerily quiet, devoid of even the most petty crime. In the unquiet of New York, the silence has never been so loud.He doesn't bother taking the window. It's too much effort. His muscles shake, but he's not sure if that's where the exhaustion is coming from. It's deep in his chest, a cavern that cracks wider with every step towards home.But that's not right. It's not  really home… not anymore.Still, it's the only place he can go. It's the only place where Peter Parker might still linger in the air of the second bedroom, in the scent of the sheets. It's the only place where he might find the dredges of himself in the dishes in the sink and the laundry in his drawers. The last echoes of his dying life.He thunks his way up the stairs, and every step takes an age. His stomach bottoms out the higher he climbs, the more floors he passes. One, two, three. Four. And then he's at the end of his hallway. It's shadowed, unfamiliar after these past weeks living with Happy. Still theirs, but… not.He swallows past the lump in his throat. He steps on the creaky board that's always been there, the one he always remembers to avoid, and tears surge up so suddenly that he sucks in a sharp breath, pushing his fist against his lips. For a minute he simply stands there, swaying beneath the force of it. The weight.He swallows again, and pushes everything down where it can’t hurt him yet. And staggers his way to home.His key still fits in the lock. His hands shake as the knob turns. The door opens on its own just like it always does, the top hinge too loose. And then he stands in the light of the doorway and looks in on the life he’s left behind.It’s like he’s in an aquarium. Every item is perfectly safeguarded, showcased behind glass, where his destruction can’t touch. Every perfect flaw is captured in time—the hastily patched hole in the wall from when he first got his powers and sent an elbow through it. Clean dishes sitting innocently on the rack like they’re freshly rinsed. The fake fruit bowl on the island that May bought, and he relentlessly poked fun at.May.Her imprint is everywhere. The blanket she knitted resting on the back of the couch, red and blue and so ugly. Her spare reading glasses left at the coffee table next to the book she never really read. Her cardigan over a kitchen chair.Like he’s in a dream, he strips one of his gloves away and reaches for that cardigan. It’s beige—one of her favorites. He can’t believe she left it behind. It’s soft. Ben got it for her. When Peter’s sad, she puts it around his shoulders, warm from her body heat and her love.His fingers lightly skim it, barely brushing the fabric. It’s cold to the touch. He isn't sure what exactly he'd been expecting, only that its lack makes pain flare in his stomach, soul-deep.He moves through the apartment like a spectre. His touch ghosts over everything, afraid to mark it, afraid to mar this preserved peace with his presence. Slowly, he makes his way to his room down the hall, pausing only a minute before pushing the door open.He doesn't know why he was expecting it to be changed. Maybe just because  he's  changed, and it's  his bedroom, and he hadn't really thought about how things like that might not apply.But it's the same. All his personal touches, all the memories he has—pictures are hung, the bunk bed he and Ned shared is still there. His StarkTech computer, the nanotech suit's container. But everything should be gone. Everything should be different, because he's different. None of these things should exist anymore. Peter Parker doesn't exist anymore.He stands in his old bedroom, separate from the touches that he's cultivated, void of the life he's carved out, and loved, and lived. There's no choice but to make himself numb.Everything he does is slow. His limbs are weighed down. His bones are made of lead. He painstakingly strips out of his suit and underclothes and lets them fall to the floor in a heap. He's bloody, and sweaty, and needs a shower, so he musters up the strength to grab a spare set of clothing and a towel, and makes his way to the bathroom.His toothbrush is still there. It's a little detail, something dumb and insignificant. Ren
[starting tags]
relationship: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Otto Octavius & Peter Parker
Norman Osborn & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Past Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker
Bobby Drake & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Characters and Rels TBA
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie) Spoilers
Post Spider-Man: No Way Home
do not read this if you haven't seen NWH
Technically Time Travel Since The Timeline Is Weird Now
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Found Family
Multiverse
cursing
Quantum Mechanics
Dissociation
Mental Health Issues
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Grief
Healing
Angst with a Happy Ending
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Bisexual Peter Parker
Slow Burn Reunion But the Reunion Will Come
"we'll get there when we GET THERE"
Slow Burn

fandom: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Otto Octavius & Peter Parker
Norman Osborn & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Past Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker
Bobby Drake & Peter Parker

