Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

And I fell from the pedestal

Right down the rabbit hole
Long story short, it was a bad time

--Taylor Swift

Peter makes a new suit. It’s scratchy and easily torn and only a few steps up from his old sweatpants and hoodie, but it’s all he deserves.The old ones are reminders of everything he lost. The vigilante he is now is not the hero he used to be. He is the defender of Queens—the swinging shadow that stops robbers, rapists, and even some low-level mobsters. He is not the bright, quipping youngster who yearned to be an Avenger once, thought himself wise when he turned it down, and then fought space aliens beside them anyways. What made him think he should be fighting aliens? The other Peters had been rightly skeptical.He doesn’t deserve to wear anything Tony made. Stark Industries is in a lot of trouble because of him, with the EDITH debacle. With all his legal issues it came out that Tony Stark made his suits, and of course Beck had told the world Peter Parker wanted to be the next Iron Man—which hurt most because that had been true once, but never like this. Of course never like this.Long story short, Peter needs to keep Mister Stark out of this. He’d been in the coma so long, when he finally woke up he just wanted some peace with Pepper and Morgan. It had been easier to continue the ruse that Tony was dead than face the media. (Peter hadn’t really understood then, but god did he understand now). Peter had seen him once, right before Europe, but the world had been watching him after he came back, and there was no way to sneak out to the cabin. Pepper had insisted it was better he stayed away. Mister Stark had paid for his lawyer, and Peter was fairly certain he was the only reason he wasn’t rotting away on the Raft—which would have been better honestly, because then May would still be alive. But aside from a few video chats, Tony had been basically gone before Peter thought he could fix his life but blew it up instead.But after his first month, he’s just so damned lonely. He’d finally worked up the courage to go see MJ and Ned. There they’d been, talking about MIT as if it were a sure thing, not the dream that he’d destroyed for them for months. They had a normal, uncomplicated, safe life now. And MJ had looked at him, confused yet heartaching beautiful without a spark of recognition in her eyes, and Peter had known he couldn’t tell them. He had to let them go.He didn’t know how he managed to hold it together in that diner, but by the time he made it back to his apartment he collapsed, his tears drowning out that tiny spark of hope he’d held on to by putting off that meeting. He’d tell them when he was ready, he’d thought, and as long as he wasn’t ready yet it was still a carrot leading him forward. But he needs to stop telling himself that now.They are never going to know him.No one is ever going to know him.He deserves this. He knows that. But it’s crippling all the same. And he needs to keep going. He promised May. With great power comes great responsibility. That’s all he is now. Great power. Great responsibility. Spider-Man without the Peter Parker. He couldn’t save May. Couldn’t save Tony. Couldn’t save Ben. But he’ll save Ned and MJ by leaving them out of this. And he’ll save however many others he can. Nameless strangers. If he can make their lives just a little better instead of a little worse, that’s a win. That would make May proud.He is weak. He is shattered. He is broken like MJ’s necklace – and why is she still wearing that oh my gosh where does she thinks it comes from.It doesn’t matter.He cries until he can’t anymore, till his chest hurts and his voice is hoarse and his body hurts from sitting on the floor.And then he puts on his mask.Not his new mask.One of the old ones. Not Iron Spider. Not the one he’d made on Happy’s plane. The original one, because it had been a gift, the coolest most insane gift from the man he’d idolized most in the world. He’d made mistakes in that mask, but not life altering – life ending – life deleting ones. He’d been a dumb kid, in over his head, but so earnest. So thrilled with his powers and excited by life.He’d never be a kid again. No parents. No guardians. Not even a high school diploma. Just a shitty apartment and a shade of a life.He was a symbol. A responsibility. But not a person. Not anymore.“Hello, Peter.”He jumps back at the sound of the voice, sticking to the wall without meaning to and scrambling upwards in panic.It’s so … familiar. The inflection—soft yet kind. Helpful. Even a bit teasing.“I’m having trouble reading your vitals because I can’t connect to the rest of your suit, but you appear to be in distress. Should I alert—”“No!” he shouts, and then he takes a few deep breaths and tries to calm down, because great as Karen is he knows she doesn’t always listen. Mister Stark programmed her like that. She needs to think he’s fine, fast.Not that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Hurt/Comfort
There will be comfort I promise!
Tony Stark Lives
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Break
Peter Parker is a Mess
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie) Spoilers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Angst with a Happy Ending
Post-Canon Fix-It
Fix-It
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Irondad
Irondad & Spiderson
Eventual Fluff
All the NHW therapy we desperately need
Suicidal Thoughts
it gets better though I promise
Frozen II spoilers (sorry)
gratuitous Taylor Swift lyrics

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

