Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 “You bringing in strays again, Clint?” Darcy folded her arms and stared at the archer as he collapsed on the couch. A puff of grey dust wafted up around him – while this room didn’t have holes in the walls, the whole Tower was still a mess. She raised her brows as the dark-haired girl who’d followed him in curled up beside him, uncaring of the dust, and Clint wrapped an arm around her. “What – you got a girlfriend? Go Hawkeye!”“This is Wanda,” Clint said wearily. “That’s Pietro. Her twin brother. Guys, this is Darcy.”“Huh,” Darcy looked from the dark-haired, dark-eyed, delicately built girl snuggling up to Clint, to the tall, nicely muscled, white-haired, blue-eyed guy still standing uncertainly by the door. “Well, go figure. You two don’t look anything alike.”“A lot of people say that,” Pietro said, and Darcy’s knees gave out.She’d always thought that was just a figure of speech. That just the sound of a sexy voice couldn’t literally make one’s knees do that.But. His. Voice. It was low and husky, accented with something – Russian? Czech? Whatever, it was the sexiest voice she’d ever heard.“Darce?” she heard Clint’s startled voice as she sagged towards the floor, and then suddenly a pair of strong arms were wrapping around her. She looked up into blue eyes, his handsome, angular face frowning down at her with concern.“How did you get over here that fast?”“It’s kind of my thing,” Pietro responded, and, yup. No better the second time. Darcy’s knees still didn’t work.“Oh. I thought it might be your voice,” she said a bit faintly.“My voice?” he looked blank.Curled in the safety of Clint’s arms, Wanda began to giggle wearily. “I think she likes your accent, Pietro.”Wanda had the same accent. Of course. From her it sounded sultry and seductive, like a Bond villainess or something, and had Clint leaning in to kiss her thoroughly.“That accent’s definitely a superpower,” Darcy stared up at Pietro, who started to grin.“You think so?” his eyes raked down her appreciatively. Darcy wished she was wearing something a little nicer than cutoff denim shorts and a scruffy old tank top, but there was a lot of cleaning to do in the Tower, and Pepper didn’t trust anyone who wasn’t on or attached to the team on these floors. Darcy had been busy dusting everything in here off, preparing to get the vacuum out, when Clint and his two sexy Eastern European strays wandered in.Mind you, Pietro didn’t look as though he was complaining. Not considering the way his sweeping gaze had stalled at her cleavage.“And what’s your superpower, meiča?”Pietro murmured, looking down at the pretty young woman in his arms. Her hands had settled on his biceps where she – was she feeling him up? He arched his eyebrows.“I once Tasered Thor,” Darcy said, testing Pietro’s arms. Mmm. Muscly. He raised his eyebrows at her and she realised that he knew what she was up to. She smiled unrepentantly and was encouraged when he smiled back.And then he said, “Will you stop that?”“Oh,” she dropped her hands sheepishly. “Sorry…”“Not you. You can do that all you like.” His grin was decidedly wolfish before he looked back over the top of her head again. “Hawkeye, please. I’ve asked you not to do revolting things like that to my sister where I can see. Get a room.”“My apartment’s wrecked,” Clint grumbled, easing his hands reluctantly out from under Wanda’s blouse. She let out a grumpy sound too and glared at her brother.“Clint, why didn’t you just ask JARVIS? There’s a guest apartment prepared for you on Level 58, your place should be fully fixed up in a couple of days…”Clint dragged himself wearily to his feet, held out a hand to Wanda. “Thanks, Darce. Laters.”Wanda accepted the outstretched hand and smiled at her brother. “Ir jautri, Pietro,” she said in a laughing tone before following Clint out of the room.“Gulēt labi,”Pietro responded with a chuckle.“I’ll let her sleep. Eventually,” Clint called back before the elevator doors pinged shut behind them.“He’s an asshole,” Pietro sighed and looked back down at Darcy, “but my sister’s fallen head over heels for him. What can I do?”“He’s not so bad,” Darcy disagreed, “and his arms are a work of art.”“I can’t say I’d noticed,” he murmured, his eyes drawn back down to her cleavage again as she shifted against him. “Are you going to collapse again if I let you go?”“Only if you keep talking,” Darcy said honestly, “your accent is panty-melting.”“Is it really?” his voice dropped a little lower. “Any panties in particular?”She licked her lips and his blue eyes fastened on them. Darcy had to take a deep breath. “Look, stud, while you’re gorgeous and that accent is causing me to have absolutely disgraceful thoughts…”“I can almost hear the ‘but’ coming,” he muttered sadly.“We just met. And you must be tired, everyone else is wrecked after the fight…”Pietro shook his head. “No. My powers mean I don’t get tired easily.”“You… don’t?” She’d thought he couldn’t get any more pants-wettingly sexy. “This – this 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Pietro Maximoff
Clint Barton/Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Sexy Accent
Porn
Meet-Cute
Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Super-sex
Pietro is a Human Vibrator
Because superspeed
why hasn't anyone else thought of this?
sad childhood
Darcy is the Tower Mom

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Pietro Maximoff
Clint Barton/Wanda Maximoff

