Work Text:
Phil Coulson first finds out that his car might actually be a sentient, alien life-form when the metal around him abruptly shifts, leaving him on the gravelly floor of the parking lot, to intercept what looks like a dragon’s toothy maw. It’s an off-kilter train of thought that doesn’t really strike until the dragon’s been subdued and his car has reverted back into an unassuming black SUV with dark-tinted windows in a flurry of mechanical whirs and clicks. 
It doesn’t rule out the possibility that Stark’s been experimenting with new tech (again). 
A junior agent comes running up and Phil eyes his car a little warily anyway. “Get me a report on all of Stark’s projects. He’s not supposed to be making giant self-aware robots out of our cars.” 
It might just be a reflection from the cars that are starting to pull up around them, but Phil swears his car has just flicked its lights on in its own silent reproach, as if being a labelled a Stark project is an insult.
--
The technicians arrive half an hour after the clean-up crew. 
Phil’s SUV has already been cordoned off, and is unnaturally silent (as a car rightfully should be) sitting there almost sullenly. Which is impossible, because it is a car - that has just turned into a giant humanoid form - and cars are not in possession of the ability to sulk. 
One of the technicians comes over, toolbox in hand. Phil absently reads the name off his name-tag as he watches. His back is to his car because he’s supervising the methodical removal of a dragon and any loose parts from the middle of the parking lot. 
Phil’s turned away for roughly three seconds when there’s a loud bang, as if someone has been slammed against metal. Specifically, the metal surface of a car. 
Around them, agents raise their heads, craning their necks around to see what the fuss is about. Phil follows their gaze, only to see Bobby clutching his face and stumbling back. 
The hood of the SUV is open slightly, and Phil could swear that the vehicle is radiating smugness at the wounded technician who is now sitting half-sprawled on the ground with blood streaming liberally down the front of a probably broken nose. 
Another tech is by Bobby’s side within seconds, dragging the man off for medical attention and leaving Phil with his SUV. His now obviously smug SUV with an opened hood that has a little smear of red from where it’d hit Bobby in the nose. The agent reaches over to rub the sticky substance off the comfortably warm metal, still a little wary of whatever it is that’s taken the shape and form of an SUV, but the car doesn’t so much as twitch as Phil’s fingers ghost over its surface. 
Almost as if the car trusts Phil. (Which is ridiculous, again, because it is a car. A car.) 
There’s a quiet laugh from somewhere behind Phil, past the cordon. It’s low, like the rumble of a contented engine. 
The man’s eyes are electric blue, almost glowing, and there’s a smirk playing about his lips when Phil follows the sound with the dim glow of the lamp post barely casting enough light over his features. He’s muscular, that much is certain, clad in form-fitting jeans and a black shirt that looks molded to his frame and the ends of his hair almost disappearing into the light. 
Something about him is surreal, there’s something otherworldly in the way he stands and the glimmer of his eyes, as if he would vanish into the light at the first opportunity.. 
“Agent?” 
Phil’s thoughts are abruptly pulled away by another suit standing in front of him. 
This is a man that he doesn’t recognize because he isn’t SHIELD (the suit that this other man is clad in doesn’t fit half as well as SHIELD’s, and he can see the silhouette of what looks more like a rubber duck than a toy gun tucked away under the fabric, something no self-respecting SHIELD agent would ever be caught dead with because Fury would chew them up and spit them out). 
Beside him, the car seems to stiffen, a faint vibration under the hood that Phil can feel right at the tip of his fingers, almost as if the car doesn’t want this man anywhere near it. 
“Phil Coulson, Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division. Can I help you?” The look on Coulson’s face is a patented sort of bland, eyeing the other agent like he’s a piece of bad news (not that he’ll ever let it show) or a time-bomb waiting to go off. 
“Simmons, Sector Seven. We’ve seen what your car can do,” and Simmons glances over to the SUV that’s practically bristling, “and believe it to be a non-biological extraterrestrial sent here from a yet undiscovered planet to initiate contact, the first of its kind! It’s imperative that it be brought it for examination!”
It’s the way the man says examination, with that manic gleam in his eye, that makes Phil distrust him. He’s heard of Sector Seven - his security clearance is high enough - and even then they’ve been rumored to be doing some pretty nasty things down south somewhere in Arizona. 
The SUV is shuddering on it’s wheels now, thin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
throwing all sorts of verses together
Clint is a car
Alternate Universe - Science Fiction
Seymour Simmons shows up somewhere
Transformers robots in disguise
he was a program
snarky robot is snarky
Pre-Slash
Developing Relationship
its a happy ending I promise
Bartonbot
he really does come back

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

