Work Text:
“Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philanthropist.” Tony internally winces the moment those words come out of his mouth. His default setting when involved in a confrontation is: ass-hole, but he wants it to be different with this man.This is Captain America. Tony had a poster of him pinned up on his bedroom wall for nearly all of his childhood and for most of his teenage year. It was the only thing his father willingly gave him, besides a complex. He wants to be better then he usually is when concerning social interaction. Show his hero that he is someone worth knowing.Tony opens his mouth to apologise for his behaviour (which would cause Pepper to have a heart attack if she knew), but it snaps shut the moment he hears what the Captain says next.“You're nothing like your father.” The words are hissed between a clenched jaw. Obvious to everyone in the room that it is not meant as a compliment.Tony's eye narrow. He tries to stay calm, telling himself that the man before him couldn't possibly know that he just pressed the one button that pretty much shuts down all his rational thought, but he fails, because, well... he pushed the good damn button!Tony glares at Captain America before responding. “All I can say to that, Cap, is thank fucking Christ for small miracles!”Tony watches with satisfaction as the blue eyes he is glaring into widen in shock. He keeps the eye contact going for a moment longer before he turns on his heels and stomps towards the door. He ignores his 'team-mates', but makes sure to give Fury the most disrespectful salute he can muster before he exits the room. As far as he is concerned, these people can go fuck themselves. He is Tony fucking Stark and he has better things to do then suck up to a bunch kids playing dress-up.Tony hates the Helicarrier. Sure, he made it and it is awesome, but it is impossible to exit from it dramatically. He either has to ask for a lift from one of the SHIELD agents (which is embarrassing and totally out of the question), or he has to get into his armor (which is time consuming),so he can fly himself home. He chooses the armor, but regrets that decision soon enough when Captain America is blocking his escape route with a determined, yet slightly apologetic expression.“Mr Stark, I think we got off on the wrong foot and I want to apol---” Tony holds up an armor clad hand to cut him off. He drops his faceplate and uses his raised hand to shove the man in front of him out of the way. He moves past his 'leader' and takes the last few steps towards the edge of the platform. He glances back at a furious looking Captain America. flips him the bird and then jumps.On the flight home he wonders if he may have overreacted, but then shrugs it off deciding that even if he did, it is too late to take it back now. Tony Stark doesn't do regret. For a week Tony hides in his workshop, working on anything he can get his hands on (the armor, a new smart phone prototype, Dummy... the blender) and ignores all his calls. He knows it is only a matter of time before Pepper gets fed up with his game of hide and seek and tracks him down, so he is making the most of it.He is halfway through pimpin' out his tablet when Pepper barges through the door and stomps over to him (as best you can on 4 inch heels).“Sir, Miss Potts is here to see you.”Tony rolls his eyes at JARVIS' rather redundant announcement. “Thanks, Jarvis for stating the fucking obvious. Your service is top notch as always.”The AI's reply is almost immediate and dripping with sarcasm. “Thank you, Sir. I do try.”Tony drops his tablet (which is now magenta with blue flames) and paint gun onto the bench and swivels in his chair so that he fully facing an obviously irate Pepper.“Well, you aren't dead, so I guess I owe Rhodey $10, but you also don't look like you have slept this past week, so Happy owes me $20.” She says this very matter-a-factly, but Tony's knows it is only a matter of time before she explodes. He decides he might as well help her with that. He was never one to just wait for things to happen. He prefers to makes them happen, that way there's no surprise.“Betting on if I am dead or alive. That isn't very nice. I thought you were better than that, Pep. Fore shame.”This gets the reaction Tony was expecting. Pepper's whole face goes red in anger and her eyes narrow into a glare. Tony decides that now is probably not the best time to tell her that she is incredibly predictable.“I have been worried sick, Tony! I called you 62 times... 62 TIMES! I rescheduled meetings and flew from LA to make sure you hadn't killed yourself.” Her face had gotten redder to correspond with the rise in her voice as she ranted.“Everyone has been calling me, worried sick about you. Rhodey, Happy, even Fury. Oh, and don't get me started with Captain Rogers.”This gets Tony's attention. “Rogers asked after me?”To answer him Pepper hands over her phone which is currently displaying all her received calls. As she had stated, Nick, Rhodey and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

