Chapter 1: Marshmallows & Chocolate Shavings
    




Chapter Text
With red-rimmed eyes and a wobbly bottom lip, Peter stared at the lakeside cabin in front of him.He shouldn’t have come.No one was spared from Doctor Strange’s spell, including the Starks. It wasn’t like they were going to open the door and magically remember him. They’d look at him and see a stranger, just like everyone else did.Morgan wouldn’t remember the time they built a huge train set that ran through the entire cabin. Pepper wouldn’t remember when they tried making cookies, but both of them forgot to set the timer. Tony wouldn’t remember every Friday night they spent together, either tinkering in the lab or watching one of Peter’s favorite movies.His eyes watered as his hands curled into fists. He really shouldn’t have come. Seeing them wasn’t going to make him feel any better. Once he stepped close enough, their security would alert them of an intruder, and he’d be chased away. They weren’t going to let him in; they weren’t going to be a family again.From where he was, he could see twinkling Christmas lights around some of the surrounding trees. Tony had always been into the holiday. Peter couldn’t help but wish they could’ve spent one together.Then again, he never would’ve given up the little traditions he had with Aunt May. They were everything to him. Just a few weeks ago, they were talking about their past Christmases. She brought up the year he broke the gift he made for her, and how they spent the morning fixing it.He’d only been six, but Peter could recall every moment. Every time he’d started crying, she wiped his tears and reminded him that having him was the best gift she could ever have.Peter tightened his fists. If she’d known what was going to happen, she might’ve said something different. Her choice to take him in was the thing that killed her. He’d never forgive himself for letting her get involved. He was the reason she didn’t get to celebrate another holiday.He took a step towards the cabin. Considering everything he did, he deserved to feel his heart drop when they asked him who he was and why he was there. He deserved to have Tony Stark slam a door in his face and tell him to get lost.He waited for one of their alarms to go off. When he got to the door, he was still in the clear. Nobody was running out to shoo him away.Maybe the Starks didn’t remember him, but their security protocols did. It was possible, wasn’t it? The spell worked on humans, but maybe it spared the machines.He didn’t know if that would make things better or worse.As a small wave of courage hit him, Peter knocked on the door. When he realized what he’d done, his first instinct was to back up and run. It took everything in him to not follow through.Within a few moments, the door creaked open. Peter straightened up, taking a deep breath as the person behind it revealed themself.Pepper was standing in front of him with Morgan cradled against her hip. Morgan rested her head against her as she pointed towards Peter. “Mommy, who is that?”Peter barely managed to keep himself from breaking down. He took a sharp breath in as Pepper briefly looked at her daughter, then back at him.“I don’t know, sweetheart.” She shook her head a little, confused by Peter’s presence. “How did you get up here? I thought—”Pepper glanced behind her for a second. When she looked at Peter again, a soft smile was placed across her cheeks. “Oh, you must be a friend of Tony’s. I’ll grab him for you.”Their house remembered him. Their house knew who he was and knew he wasn’t a threat, which was why Pepper was willing to open the door with Morgan in her arms.After blinking the moisture out of his eyes, Peter quickly shook his head. He’d hurt himself enough tonight. He didn’t need to see the clueless eyes of his former mentor staring down at him.“I, um…” Peter laughed quietly, trying his best to ignore Pepper’s sudden frown. “I sh—”“You’re shivering,” Pepper interjected. She moved to the side, using her free hand to beckon him in. “Come on. It’s freezing out.”Peter shook his head again. No, he was not going to force himself back into their lives. They were happy without him. They were safe without him. They didn’t need him anymore and honestly, they probably never did. All he’d ever been was a liability.“That’s okay,” he breathed out. “I shouldn’t have come. You guys just have a great Christmas.” He offered a tight smile before stepping back and turning away.Before he could walk down the steps, another voice entered the air. “Stop. Now.”Peter froze. His eyes watered again as he slowly spun around, coming face-to-face with the one person he didn’t want to see.Tony Stark hadn’t changed since the last time Peter saw him. His hair still had some color in it, despite it beginning to grey. He was wearing an old band t-shirt and a pair of jeans, which was his usual outfit choice on a day off.“How did you get past security?” his voice boomed. Pepper took a step back, setting Morgan down and tel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Found Family
Peter Parker is a Mess
Obviously AU
Sad Peter Parker
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

