Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki sighed. His breath released a little bit of condensation into the air, only for it to be immediately soaked back up. This realm was so hot, so dry, so barren. Why anyone would choose to keep a palace here was beyond him. Yet here they were, only about fifteen minutes from the capital city. One last sword drawn battle and they could go home. Loki rolled his shoulders, setting himself taller. Good. Frost giants weren’t meant for this heat. Miniature ones or not.
“Faring well, brother?” Thor sat astride his horse beside him. Sweat rolled from his forehead, his blonde hair sticking to his brow. Loki gave a small grunt in response. “One last battle, then we will return. Father knew we would get this small skirmish under control.” Thor nodded to the small city up ahead, no doubt empty now except for their enemy.“I’m sure the gold and jewels had nothing to do with convincing Odin.”“Loki, you know resistances need to be handled.” Loki once again rolled his eyes.“Let’s handle it and leave. You smell of your horse.” “Aye, and so do you.”“Yes, but my horse is clean.” Loki kicked his horse forward. Thor laughed a little, following after him.
Fey gulped in whatever small amount of spit she could. Odin’s sons had been closing in on them for days now and they were here. She laughed. Honestly she welcomed it. A knife to the heart or hammer to the head, as long as she was dead she cared not. She shook her head, the veil covering her face, stifling her. Her hands were bound to the wooden pole in the room. The runes on her bonds forcing her magics to the bottom of her stomach. She could hear the forces coming, their horses a steady rhythm now. Drumkar came running in, his skirts loose around him, jewels from his necklaces, the grease from his meal still on his face.
“You!” Drumkar pointed at her. He came running over, flopping himself down at her eye level. She rolled her head over, her vision going blurry. The heat, the lack of water. How long had it been since he had let her eat? Days. “You! Get me out of here!” He reached for the rope tying her to the wooden pole. Her chains rattled, the rope sliding against them.
“Fucker.” She whispered. Drumkar looked up, his eyes huge as dinner plates.“What? What did you say to me?”“Fucker.” She whispered again. She took a deep breath. “Fuck. You.” The slap Drumkar delivered to her sounding through the hut. Fey rolled her head, spitting blood to the side, laughing. A weak laugh but a laugh.“Get me out of here slave.” Drumkar started to undo the rope again, grabbing at her chains and giving them a tug. Fey laid there on the ground, propped against the pole, not moving.“No.” She breathed out. Drumkar raised his hand again to strike her when a knife came from nowhere, embedding itself in his hand. He dropped her rope and chains, screaming to the ground. Fey moved her leg, simply rolling her head over to keep him from landing on her. Strumkar looked up. There, at the door of the hut, stood a man. Slim for an Asgardian, but that’s because he wasn’t an Asgardian. Fey had heard of him. Odin’s frost giant adopted son. His dark hair flowed in the wind, dark leathers adorned in gold and green covered him, His golden helm on his head, horns so tall he had to duck down to step into the hut. Fey barely saw outside before the flap closed. It was chaos. Fire, screams, people running. She didn’t care. ‘Finally, death,’ she sighed.
“The great Drumkar.” Loki stepped over dead guardsmen on his way in, kicking pots to the side. Drumkar stayed down, whining at the knife in his hand. “Though I think they forgot to mention how fat, weasly, and greasy you are.” Loki stooped down, crouching at Fey’s eye level, looking from her to Drumkar. “Hm. And disgusting as well.” Loki took another knife, tossing it into Drumkar’s ankle, keeping him in place. Drumkar let out a pitiful scream. “Hush.” Loki looked at Fey. “You,” he pointed at her. “Do you wish him to live?” He pointed a knife at Drumkar.
“Yes.” Fey nodded her head. Drumkar let out a sigh of relief. “Only…so that when these..” she held up her bounds,” come off…I may kill him.” 
“Hmmm. Well I can’t let him leave here alive.” Loki looked her over. “Drumkar’s famous sorceress. I expected more.
“I was.”
“Do you wish for death?”
“Yes.” Fey rolled her head, she didn’t have the strength for much more. 
Loki nodded his head. “Do you prefer my blade or my brother's hammer?” Loki held his knife up to show her, tossing another one at Drumkar. It landed with a thud.
“Magic.” Loki’s eyes went wide for a moment. “Send your magic through me. Let it destroy me from the inside. At least I may feel magic running through me one more time.” Fey started to fall, Loki reached over and propped her back up.
“It seems Drumkar did not treat any of his toys well.” Loki took the veil from the front of her face, lifting it up for a moment so she could breathe before setting it right again. He stood, after leaning her steady against the pole, making sure she
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

