Chapter 1: Zemo’s Plan
    




Chapter Text
Sokovia. 6 months after the Sokovia Attack. 
Helmut Zemo finished placing more flowers on his son’s grave. 
“I’m sorry my son. I should have been here for you.”
He sighted and started to walk away. 
He had a job to do after all. 
His family has been dead for 6 months. By an attack that should not have happened. He wanted revenge, and he was gonna get it. 
Ultron is gone, but he isn’t the only one responsable. No those heroes....those Avengers. 
They believed they are the best of the world. That they are to be honored and they should kiss the ground that they walk.
Yet when the destruction comes. They just leave. Leave to get the reward. While the innocent have to pay all the prices. All of the losses go to them, all of the pain. Not to this heroes who talk about sacrifice and all of that bullshit that they claim so much.
Zemo would show them. He didn’t need the strength of Loki or Ultron to take them down. All he needs is brains, and a good plan. And patience. 
The last one has shown him a lot of interesting stuff. The Avengers were doing a shit of a job taking down Hydra and all they had, but it gave Zemo so many chances.  So many new discoveries. 
His original plan, involved blood. Having the Avengers use their strength to draw each other’s blood, and take them down with that. He already planned to use the upcoming Sokovia Accords, which he knew they would be divided with, and Captain America’s obsesión with the Winter Soldier to cause the fight. 
But patience has many virtues, and one of them is that it allows you to think better. And that’s how Zemo found out the bad side of his plan. 
If he caused the in fighting, yes the Avengers would hurt each other. But....so many innocents would pay the price as well. Zemo didn’t want that. He didn’t want a single innocent soul to be hurt in the Avengers’ downfall. 
That’s when he also saw something different in one of them. In his son’s favorite hero. 
Tony Stark, Iron Man. 
Unlike his teammates he had show his face on Sokovia. Despite the fact he was seen with scorn by some, and helped with the reconstruction. 
That caught Zemo’s attention. He decided he wanted to do some more research, Stark is key to his plan after all. 
What Zemo found was very interesting. 
He found how the man was cleared from Ultron, but only Thor and the Vision seemed to back him up. The rest of the team seemed to leave him on his own for that. 
Thanks to the info dump. He found out how, except for the two mentioned and Doctor Banner, the rest of the Avengers treated him like a doormat and banker instead of a person. He saw all of the manipulations that SHIELD made against the man. 
He learned the truth behind the Scarlett Witch, and how they chose to hide it. 
And of course. He knows the great secret Steve Rogers is hiding from him. 
That’s when Zemo came to the realization that Tony Stark might be an Avenger, but he is also one of their victims. 
That’s when Zemo decided to take a new path, one that would lead to less destruction, to less chance of someone getting injured or dead. Less chance of families being split apart. Ñ
The victims of the Avengers would get their justice. He would get his revenge....and so would Tony Stark. 
So Zemo gathered everything, and sent it to Tony Stark. All the lies Steve Rogers, the Avengers, and SHIELD had told the man. All those manipulations and threats. 
They would soon fall. And then the Merchant of Death would come after them. 
And all Zemo had to do now, is watch the show. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tony finally finished the board meeting and went to his lab. 
All of the potential fall out from Ultron was finally cleared. He and Pepper might have broke up, but they are still a hell of a team. He’s glad to still have her friendship. 
He should be resting, but he now has to get working for the Avengers’ gear. Steve has been blowing up his phone, saying that they need their gear ASAP for Avengers missions. He didn’t go into much detail after that. 
Tony could have told him he needed to rest, but Steve didn’t really listen. He told Tony about being a good teammate and all of that, and Tony didn’t really have the energy to fight it. 
He felt he still owns them a bit after Ultron of course. So he might as well get to work. 
“Alright Fri. What do we start with, the new Widow bites, or the Falcon Wings. Maybe...”
“Boss before you begin. I just got an email for you.” 
“From who ?” 
“The sender is unknown. But the email comes from Sokovia.” 
“Sokovia....why did you let the email in ?” 
“Because I scanned it. And.... I think you should see it.”
“Hum.....ok. I trust you FRI. show me.”
Then he saw the email. 
The files. The videos. 
The lies......
He saw everything.
Tony felt colder and colder as time went by. The more he saw, the more.....angry he felt. 
Each video is more disturbing than the last. 
Then they reached the last one. 
“FRIDAY. Why aren’t you showing me this one ?” 
“The contents of this video are too disturbing 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark takes no shit
Awesome Tony Stark
BAMF Yelena Belova
Protective Yelena Belova
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Vision is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Thor is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Not Natasha Romanov Friendly
Not Sam Wilson Friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Awesome Sharon Carter (Marvel)
Minor Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro
not SHIELD friendly
BAMF Helmut Zemo
Not Alexei Shostakov friendly
Not Melina Vostokoff friendly

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Tony Stark

