Work Text:
Steve's not sure how it happens--there's always a lot of chaos whenever the Avengers are called out to fight--but he sees Bucky attempting to defuse the bomb and before he can call out to him to stop, he gets thrown by the explosion. And then Steve's scrambling over the rubble towards him before his brain even has time to register what his legs are doing.Bucky's dazed but conscious when Steve gets to him--he's curled up and clutching his middle, but he smiles when Steve leans over him. "Just like old times, huh?" he says, wincing as Steve pulls him up. "Uniform's kind of a loss, though.""A little too much." Steve laughs nervously through the tightness in his throat, gestures at the burns and cuts littering Bucky's torso, the glimpses of purplish bruising over ribs that are likely broken. The dislocated shoulder he pops back into place with a sound that raises the hair on the back of Steve's neck. "Jesus, Bucky, you have to be more careful. You were supposed to disarm the bomb, not explode it." He doesn't say, I just got you back or I can't lose you again. He's pretty sure that goes without saying, but as they fly back to headquarters to get Bucky some medical attention, those two thoughts chase each other around Steve's head as relentlessly as thoroughbreds on the track at Aqueduct.The docs treat Bucky's burns and lacerations, give him a shot for the pain and a sling they all know he's not going to use for his dislocated shoulder, and some kind of breathing thing Steve's going to have to remind him to use so he doesn't get pneumonia. They release him to go home with Steve with a reminder that he's got a concussion on top of everything else. "We'll take a cab," Steve says, and Bucky looks at him like he's crazy. "What's wrong with your bike? Or the subway?""You've got two broken ribs and a recently dislocated shoulder. You can't--"Bucky looks away for a second, jaw working, and Steve realizes he's made a mistake. "You don't get to tell me what I can't do."Steve nods. "I see we need to get to the drugstore right away and get those painkillers, because someone's awfully cranky."Bucky scowls at him. "I'll make you cranky."Steve doesn't even try to hide his laughter. "What does that even mean?""Shut up." Bucky shoves lightly at him and then winces. "Come on." Steve slings an arm over Bucky's shoulder and guides him into a cab. Bucky settles in and tips his head back, eyes closed, sighing. Steve notes the tightness around his mouth and tries to ignore the sweep of his lashes. He wouldn't trade having Bucky back for anything, but he'd forgotten how difficult it was sometimes to tamp down his feelings. It's less dangerous now, more acceptable, but what people think has never been what's kept Steve's mouth shut, his feelings buried deep inside. What Bucky thinks--that's always been what he was afraid of, and he couldn't bear to drive him away now that he's got him again.Steve echoes Bucky's sigh and lets himself relax, his own bumps and bruises already mending.*The cab ride takes even longer than Steve expected, but it's okay because while they're sitting in stop-and-go traffic on the BQE, Bucky's dozed off, his head on Steve's shoulder, warm breath tickling the skin of Steve's neck above his collar. Steve feels bad about waking him up, and not just because he needs the rest to heal.The cab rolls to a halt in front of their building and Bucky's eyes snap open and just like that, he's awake and alert. It still startles Steve, the way it did the first time it happened back in Italy; the Bucky he'd grown up sleeping next to had been harder to wake than a hibernating bear, bleary-eyed and grouchy until he'd had coffee and food, and it had been a shock to see him go from dead asleep to wide awake in a heartbeat. Steve had realized he wasn't the only one who'd changed after joining the army. "Let's get you upstairs," Steve murmurs, mostly to himself. Bucky grumbles but lets himself be manhandled, which means his ribs probably hurt like hell despite whatever drugs the doctors gave him. "And then I'll call in your prescription.""My ribs are broken, not my mouth," Bucky says irritably. "I can make a phone call.""You hate the phone," Steve points out, knowing his reasonableness is just going to irritate Bucky more but unable to help himself."Pushy bastard," Bucky mutters. Steve pretends not to hear.He deposits Bucky in the bedroom and Bucky sinks back onto the bed with a low moan."Hey." Steve touches his shoulder, then his cheek, lightly. "You okay?""Yeah." Bucky looks up at him through long lashes, mouth falling into a natural pout. Steve looks away for a second, gets his cartwheeling thoughts under control. Bucky takes a short, shallow breath and gives Steve a half-grin. "Yeah. I won't be able to sneeze for a month without hurting, but I'm okay.""Okay. I'm going to call in the prescription, pick up some food, run some errands. I'll be back in a bit.""I'm a grown man," Bucky says, pout still in his voice as he slow
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Schmoop
insults as endearments
Best Friends
First Kiss
Hurt/Comfort
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

