Chapter 1: do you like baklava?
    




Chapter Text
Two months had passed when Kate saw a head of blonde hair, a flash of sunglasses in a crowded sidewalk and did a double take. Pushing past people with mumbled apologies, spinning like a top as she tried to catch a glimpse of the assassin. Kate blew out a breath and shoved her hands into her coat pockets. Nevermind, then. An hour later had her sitting in the library. It was a little place, one of the city's best kept secrets in her opinion. Maybe gatekeeping was okay, when memories and nostalgia lay etched in the mismatched shelves and hideously floral furniture with squishy cushions. Kate picked a hardback off the bottom shelf about botany, admiring the illustrations of delicate petals and plant stems that twined and swirled across the pages. She was so unbelievably stressed out at the moment, even with the garnered support from Clint's family and whatnot. The delicate pages adorned with inked plant biological functions calmed the raging in her mind for a little, distracting her from that paranoia that had settled into her bones. A truly unwelcome guest, but one that may prove useful despite its negative side effects, Clint had promised. Kate listened to the honking of cars, the typing of the book store owner Ollyah's laptop- no doubt playing Sims, again. She'd even bought her the Halloween expansion pack pre-cancelled credit cards as a thank you one time. Despite her ears taking refuge in the mundane sounds she still failed to notice a woman resting her chin on the back of the sofa she was lounged on until a voice spoke smoothly into her ear. "I thought you'd be more of a rom-com lover." Kate yelped and the book went flying out of her hands like a bottle had not so long ago, and just like last time, Yelena snatched it out of the air. "Whoopsie-daisy." "What the hell are you doing here?" Kate breathed, a little too overwhelmed with exactly what fuckin emotions, she couldn't tell you,  to notice the hurt that briefly flashed in the Russian's eyes as recoiled. Yelena shrugged, thumbing open a page in the book and giving Kate time to study her. She looked good. Clearly the situation with Clint, though spoken as if they'd both parted from that encounter with broken glass shards embedded in their organs, had been some semblance of catharsis too. Her hair was shorter, and flowed in waves down her shoulders instead of tied up for action. Yelena still wore her winged eyeliner, and the light of the small fire Ollyah had lit earlier illuminated a tiny smattering of freckles across her nose and cheeks. This, coupled with the cream coat and the dark green blouse and black slacks, said one word. Yelena laughed, a throaty chuckle. "This one looks like a bowl of soup." Soft. And God, how she'd missed that accent. Kate stared. She stared, and then tilted her head at the book. "Oh yeah, so it does." The assassin closed the book suddenly with a little snap. "Do you like baklava?" "Do I like what now?" Yelena threw her hands up in a comical gesture of exasperation, and it was hard to keep the vibrant bubbles of laughter down. "Only the best delicacy on this planet! Have you really not been graced with such a luxury?" Kate played along. Enough now so that flashes of a hardened, cold face chasing after her friend with a gun was drowned out by sparkling eyes and an enthusiasm that rivalled Kate's own. "I can't say i have, no. I think that needs to change." "Indeed it does, Kate Bishop." Yelena grinned, and the American was trapped in her shining mischief. "Let's totally hang out and drink and sleep and have fuuun.." She spun around in a little circle and snapped her fingers as Kate made an effort to dislodge herself from the Everest of blankets and cushions. Bless Ollyah. Forever and always. That would make a killer t-shirt. "That is a lot of sugar." Kate glared at the older woman and stirred her hybrid of a milkshake coffee thing she could never be bothered to name. "It's the exact right amount. And you don't see me making comments about your drink choice." "What is wrong with my drink?" Yelena sounded so offended Kate snorted into her straw. "I drink this all the time!" "Yeah, no shit.." She mumbled, smirking when Yelena playfully elbowed her. "Let me get my coffee as black as my shrivelled-up Grinch heart..." "Shush! I offer to procure you the finest from my country and all I get is mockery in return?!" "...yeah."  Yelena shrugged. "Seems fair, after everything." Kate faltered a little in their walk on the pavement. There was regret in her voice, even if her face was expressionless now. Kate smiled, and she could've sworn Yelena brightened a little. "We'd be even, then. As even as one can get, for, you know. Trading a Russian delicacy for my almost death." "For the last time!" Yelena scoffed as they began walking again, swerving dog walkers. "I did not try to kill you.." "Sure, Jan." "..who is Jan?" "Oh, boy... oh dude.." Kate gasped, nearly dropping her sugary concoction. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Don We Now Our Gay Apparel
Yelena Belova Needs a Hug
and kate will GIVE IT TO HER
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop Friendship
Hurt Yelena Belova
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Asexual Yelena Belova
fuckin hell do I miss natasha
touch starved yelena

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

