Chapter 1: Injured
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Wade's hand fumbled for Peter's head, checking that he was okay. His sword stuck out of the corpse of the man who had attacked them. Peter was normally so good at dodging the bad guys! He had his spidey-sense! Yet tonight, for some reason, that had failed. He'd taken the baseball bat hard. Wade swore that he'd heard a crack as the omega fell to the ground."Baby boy? Webs? Can you hear me?" The merc called as he cradled him. He shot a look over his shoulder, staying on high alert just in case that guy had brought friends. A part of Wade hoped he had. He wanted revenge still- but that man's spirit had already left his body. There was no point slicing and dicing him now.Spidey didn't respond. His chest rose and fell but other than that... nothing.And that was when Wade felt a warm wetness soaking into his gloves. His friend was bleeding.Fuck.He had two options. Take him home. Or take him to a hospital. But then there was the problem of carrying him in there in his fucking Spidey suit! The merc reached out to cradle the other in his arms and he stood, deciding the first would be the best option to at least get him changed into civilian clothes! -The mask had to come off.Wade hovered over Spider-Man, knowing that this was the moment that he'd get to see his face. It wasn't ideal though! It was a total breach of trust! In his fantasies he'd imagined the omega pulling his own mask up to show him himself. He'd also imagined a whole load of other things happening in that moment too- but Deadpool really should keep his thoughts clean right now!Wade tugged at the material, pulling it higher, ruffling the young man’s thick brown hair as he tugged it off. Then his eyes locked onto a bruise on his neck. The skin was rough but faded. It was red around the edges, almost like a scold on the skin- but in two large indented crescent shapes. Wade inhaled sharply.It wasn’t a bruise. It was a mating bite.The mercenary's hands shook as he tried to peel the rest of the suit off, leaving him in nothing but his underwear. His heart raced. Everything just felt too much. This was why Spidey was always so distant with him."Sorry, baby boy... but I gotta get you changed..." He whispered. The hoody and sweatpants that he'd laid out next to them would have to do. They'd probably only change him into one of those shitty gowns when he got to the hospital anyway.- Wade didn't know his friend's name. He didn't know anything about him- so that's what he told the receptionist and doctors when he carried him into the emergency room. He'd laid Spidey on a stretcher and had resigned himself to erratically pacing around the waiting room for the next few hours. The clock on the wall ticked by slowly. Wade felt enraged that he couldn't go to see him. He wasn't his alpha. Yet he still clung to the hope that one of the nurses would tell him that the stranger he'd saved was okay.He shot a look at the other people in the waiting room. Yeah, he knew he looked grotesque. Most of the time he didn't care if he was being stared at, but tonight his anxiety was at an all-time high. He couldn't cause a scene though. They'd kick him out!Another forty minutes passed before a man in a suit came in. He walked briskly across to the reception desk and asked about a Peter Parker. An omega that had been brought in.He was told that his mate had taken a blow to the head and had a serious concussion. He wasn't awake yet.Wade stared at the stranger. He was tall with swept-back dark hair. He was handsome- but young. He looked incredibly rich too, something that Wade had never assumed Spider-Man was. His friend had once told him that he grew up in Queens. This guy reeked of upper Manhattan wealth and had the sleazy trust fund look to go along with it.The mercenary knew that he had to act along here. He moved closer to the desk to engage the newcomer. If he was his baby boy's mate then he couldn't be a bad person. He gave the alpha an awkward smile, hoping that he wouldn't sneer at him because of how ugly he looked. He had to give this man the benefit of the doubt."Are you asking about the guy I brought in with the bleeding head? I found him in an alley. He had nothing on him so I assume he'd been mugged."The alpha slowly turned to address him. He tugged at his suit and puffed his chest out confidently."You found him? Great work. I've been looking for him for days." The man plucked his wallet out of his pocket and handed Wade a few hundred dollar notes, as though he was rewarding him for finding a lost pet.Wade felt his stomach drop as he stared down at the money. His gut was telling him that something was wrong and he wanted to express concern. The alpha was smiling, as though Peter Parker's return was much more important than his health. Before he could debate giving the money back, a hand was offered to him."Harry Osborne."The mercenary quickly pocketed the cash a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Wade Wilson Loves Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Alpha Harry Osborn
Alpha Wade Wilson
Omega Peter Parker
Miscarriage
Harry Osborn is a bastard
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Identity Reveal
Gaslighting
Abusive Relationships
Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Dubious Consent
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Harley Keener
Alpha Matt Murdock
Omega Foggy Nelson
talk of mpreg

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

