Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Officially, Phil still had a small apartment in downtown New York, and that was the address on all of his SHIELD files. Unofficially, he spent most of his nights in Avengers Tower with Clint. He hadn't moved in (though according to Clint, it was only a matter of time until they returned from a mission and found out that Tony had just gone ahead and moved his things without permission), but he had a standing invitation to sleep over anytime he wanted. That was his explanation for being at the breakfast table that morning.Tony was already there when Phil walked in, the sole occupant of the enormous table in the communal kitchen. There was a full mug of hot coffee and a bowl of cereal right in front of him, but Tony didn't seem to be interested in either one. Which wasn't surprising in the context of the cereal, but was very unusual in terms of the coffee: caffeine in liquid form didn't tend to last long around Tony Stark, particularly when it was only 7am.Phil poured himself a cup and sat down with the newspaper, watching him out of the corner of his eye. Tony was awake, sort of, though there was a glazed look in his eyes that suggested he wasn't all there. It was becoming an increasingly familiar look, though it was the first time Phil had even seen Tony looking so... lost. Like he genuinely did not know what to do with the food and drink in front of him.It didn't change, either, as one by one the other Avengers except for Steve and Natasha wandered in. Even when Clint leaned across the table and stole Tony's coffee, Tony didn't react. That earned him more than a few raised eyebrows, if only because the last time Clint had tried that, he'd been stabbed in the arm with a fork for his trouble. Tony was notoriously possessive over his coffee and wasn't afraid to get violent defending it."Tony, are you okay?" Bruce asked, breaking the quiet that, by unspoken consensus, usually dominated the kitchen before ten.Slowly, Tony blinked and made a soft sound in the back of his throat. He didn't get the chance to say more, not that Phil thought he would have. Steve chose that moment to walk in, already fully dressed for the day in boots, jeans, a t-shirt with a plaid shirt layered over it, and a backpack. He went straight over to the cupboard and picked out several of the little travel packs JARVIS kept stocked, which were crammed with high protein snacks for when Bruce or Steve needed a boost."JARVIS reported that Bucky's been spotted in Canada," he announced to the room at large, managing to sound both excited and weary about the news. "Nat and I are heading out to see if we can track him down. It's the closest he's ever been to us.""Do you think it means something?" Clint asked, sitting back with Tony's stolen coffee. He drank from the mug, made a face and reached for the sugar."I don't know. I hope so." Steve put a hand to the back of Tony's head, leaning down to press a brief, distracted kiss to Tony's mouth. "Bye, babe," he muttered into the kiss. "I'll keep you updated."He walked out, leaving Tony watching after him with that vacant, lost expression that was starting to make alarm bells ring in the back of Phil's head. There was almost something childlike about Tony right then. It was really something that Phil, with all of his experience, should have pursued further, before Steve left the Tower and the country. But his cell phone rang at that moment and it was Maria, and all thoughts of Tony Stark were swept away in another day at SHIELD.Despite that, it was a relatively quiet day, and Phil was glad to crawl into bed with Clint that night. As he settled down, pulling Clint into his arms, he vaguely wondered when Steve and Tony had last slept in the same bed. If he had to guess, he would've said that it had been a very long time. If he had to make an exact guess, he would've said nine months and twenty-one days: the length of time it had been since Bucky Barnes was first identified as the Winter Soldier.But it wasn't his business, and that was exactly why wasn't interested in making those kinds of guesses. Instead, he pressed his face into Clint's hair and sighed as Clint mumbled something about flying bananas. Sleep overcame him quickly, until he woke up to the sound of a voice in the bedroom. It was a familiar voice, albeit muddled, and Phil struggled to shake off the clinginess of a good night's rest."JARVIS?" he asked with just a hint of a slur, his mind rapidly coming together. It was one of the few lingering effects of his brush with death: he didn't snap instantly awake anymore, the way he used to. "My apologies for waking you, Agent Coulson," JARVIS said, sounding genuinely apologetic. "But your presence is needed in Captain Rogers's room.""Steve?" Clint slurred, still half asleep. "Steve's gone.""Go back to sleep, baby," Phil told him, smoothing a hand over Clint's forehead. He slipped out of the bed, not surprised when Clint grumbled and sat up. "Is it okay if Clint comes too,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
Baby!Tony
Little!Tony
little!Clint
Daddy!Steve
daddy!Phil
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Adult baby
but only tony
clint is about four years old
Fluff
Angst
Cuddling
Bathing
washing
Platonic Cuddling
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
clint barton has daddy issues
Phil Coulson Has the Patience of a Saint
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Phil Coulson Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Has Issues
steve is oblivious sometimes
Fluff and Angst
Self-Esteem Issues
Wetting
Accidents
Diapers
Thumb-sucking
Pacifiers
Teddy Bears
consensual age play
bottles
sippy cups
Baby-sitting
Uncle Phil
Big Brother Clint
Supernanny Phil Coulson
Infantilism
non sexual infantilism

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

