Chapter 1: Prolouge
    




Chapter Text
When he came to, he wasn't sure how he was still alive, or why the sounds of the intense fight had disappeared. He'd been fighting, and then he was here? He blinked in confusion as he stepped out of the alleyway, realising that the street he was on didn't look familiar. Did he have amnesia again? He carried his glider over his shoulder, hoping that it didn't cause a panic, but most people weren't looking at him as they passed. Oscorp tower was one of the biggest landmarks to look out for, he could figure things out in his office, or be able to get his bearings and go home. But Oscorp wasn't anywhere to be found, as if the tower, or his company didn't even exist.The man tried to ignore the looks the few people gave him when they saw his scarred face, not liking people giving him pity. He was already considering plastic surgery once things calmed down, he just needed to wait until that was a feasible thing to get done.He pulled out his phone to call for help, but was surprised that his service seemed shut off. There was no way his phone bill hadn't been paid. Trying to shake off that strangeness he instead looked around for a phone box, to phone home, or Peter, to come find him. This situation was probably Peter's fault after all. But he couldn't see a single payphone in the streets.Wandering the streets, he saw things he recognised, but they were different. That coffee shop looked out of place, he didn't remember that building or company. It was as if he was in a different state, but this was still clearly New York.With a sigh he sat down on a bench to try and think. He could use the glider to get a lay of the land, find out where he was and make his way home. But that would attract attention he was sure he didn't want.While he was thinking he heard a snippet of the Radio from a taxi that pulled up nearby.
 "The masked menace known as Spiderman is still at large. People are urged to report in sightings of the Web slinger, who was recently revealed to be a seventeen year old boy named Peter Parker Wanted for the…" 
The broadcast appruptly cut off as the taxi door slammed shut and the cab pulled away. Leaving the man shaken by what he'd heard. Peter Parker. The whole world knew his identity now, he had a target on his back.They say speak of the devil and he shall appear. A familiar red and blue streak was swinging overhead. And it took less than a second for him to be on his glider and in pursuit of the Spider. Only this time, it wasn't to fight, it was for answers.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
What If? (Marvel Comics)
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie) Spoilers
Mental Health Issues
Multiple Personalities
Canon Disabled Character
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
None
