Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Where are we? What’s going on?” Tony Stark asked as he opened his eyes. The last thing he remembered, he was in his lab, looking over the last measurements for the Quantum tunnel. Time travel, it was crazy, but it had to work, it just did.


“Tony?” A new voice asked, Tony saw Steve Rogers was there before him, the rest of the Avengers scattered around near the two of them.


“Cap? What happened?”


“I don’t know, wait...Sam? Bucky?” Steve asked, turning to look at the other Avengers in the room and seeing the two of them, looking different than the last time they had met. Bucky was in his usual attire, with a short hair cut, and Sam was in a largely white costume, with, was that his shield? How were the two of them even here?


‘Thanos had….Oh God.’


“Steve...Tony? How...How are you here?” Sam asked, Bucky just looked shocked. Looking around, there was a few other surprises with the rest of the Avengers.


“Wanda? What happened to you? I heard something about you and Westview? Liking the new look though.” Bucky said.


“Kate?!” Clint called out, his face had multiple cuts. “Where are you? Wait….Steve? Tony?….NAT?!”


“Who’s Kate, Clint?” Natasha asked, her eyes wide at the sight of her fallen friends before her and Clint, looking so different to how he had just moments ago. Where was the Mohawk?


“How are you all here?” Clint asked, his eyes narrowing. What was going on here? What was Kingpin playing at?


“Clint? What do you mean, how are we all here?” Tony asked, confused.


“Thanos….the Stones….that’s when you’re all from, isn’t it?” Clint asked, seeing the white quantum suits that Steve, Nat and Tony were wearing.


“Yeah...wait...from? Does this mean it works? We won?” Tony asked, seeing those he had seen disappear in Wakanda before him.


“Wait, are you saying the rest of you are from after we stop Thanos? Why aren’t we from then as well? Where are we, when are we, anyway?” Steve wondered.


“Steve...” Bucky started, raising a hand softly towards him.


“We die, don’t we? Somehow, stopping him. It’s why we’re from a different time, earlier than the rest of you, why some of you look like you’ve seen ghosts.” Natasha simply stated, as Clint cringed away from her, looking down to the floor. Steve and Tony looked stunned as everyone else in the room seemed to move slightly further from them.


“Wait, aren’t you Ned Leeds? You look older.” Tony said, noticing a few kids to the side, slightly away from the Avengers, mostly looking at the heroes in awe.


“How does Tony Stark know your name?” Flash Thompson asked Ned who looked surprised.


“I-I have no idea.” Ned stammered out. How did Tony Stark know who he was?


“You work with Spider-Man, don’t you? I think he’s mentioned you...for some reason.” Tony drifted off. Odd, he knew he knew Spider-Man, but how did Spider-Man know this random kid? How did Tony know this random kids name? Did Spider-Man talk often about him? He couldn’t quite place it.


“Spider-Man talked to you about me?” Ned asked, his voice full of wonder. “I mean, I’ve helped him out before, sure, but I didn’t think I’d be worth mentioning to an Avenger.” He joked.


“How would Spider-Man know you?” Flash asked incredulously.


“Because I’m his guy in the chair.” Ned said.


“Then you know who he is under the mask?” Betty asked, excitedly.


“Erm, well, no.” Ned admitted sheepishly. “He’s always been protective of his identity, doesn’t want anyone to get hurt or something, so I’ve never found out.”


“Ah that sucks, I’d love to shake his hand.” Flash said, pouting.


“Wait, why don’t I know his name? I’ve seen him unmasked before, I’m sure of it.” Tony said. “But I can’t, it’s like there’s a blank there. How is this happening?”


“The Runes of Kafkall.” Strange spoke up suddenly, quietly, from the corner, his eyes wide in shock.


“The Runes of what?” Clint asked, not even surprised anymore.


“I SAID MAGIC WAS REAL!” Scott Lang interrupted, shouting excitedly at Hope Van Dyne.


“What are these Runes?” Steve asked Strange seriously.


“One of the big three man, I told you.” Sam whispered to Bucky who glared at him.


“Not the time.”


“One of the most powerful spells we sorcerers have.” Wong began to explain as Strange looked sick.


“Why does the wizard look sick?” Thor asked. If Loki were here still, maybe he’d know what was going on.


“I can see why that would be bad. I don’t know everything about them, but from what I’ve read, that’s an extreme measure.” Wanda said as people turned to her, wondering if she would finally just tell them what they were and why it sounded so bad.


“Can someone please just explain what all this is and what is going on? How are all of these people here? Why isn’t Spider-Man here? What’s these Rune things?” MJ asked.


“The Runes border the line between known and unknown reality.” Strange finally spoke up, finding his voice. “They’re an extremely dangerous spell for a reason. They rewrite reality, as it were. They’re a rune...f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Wanda Maximoff/Stephen Strange
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Everyone Needs A Hug
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Past Character Death
Spider angst
avengers watch the movies
Poor Peter Parker
Fix-It of Sorts
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Canon Divergence - Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Wanda Maximoff/Stephen Strange
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

