Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Shopping in the twenty-first century is a whirlwind experience, and afterward, Bucky is never quite sure if he was traumatized by it or if he wants to go again.  He'd mentioned Macy's, mostly as a joke, because back in the day (yesterday), he and Steve would have never had the money for Macy's.  But now, Stevie McMoneybags with his big fancy apartment with two whole bathrooms and a powder room looked like he could probably afford a whole suit of clothes for every day of the week, not even secondhand.  So, yeah, he called out Macy's.  What a laugh, right?
Only then Tony Stark gets all wacky about it, making noise like Macy's is the Goodwill Mission or something, which gets Bucky's back up quick.  "What's it to you?" he asks, rounding on Tony after about the third disparaging comment.  "It ain't none 'a your beeswax where Bucky Barnes gets his glad rags anyway."
There's a long moment of silence.  Behind Tony, Bucky can see Jane Foster and Bruce Banner exchange amused glances.  Reed Richards isn't even listening, thank God, because Bucky has a feeling that guy's an even bigger asshole than Tony without even trying, and that's saying something.  Steve puts a hand on Bucky's shoulder, same way Bucky always does - used to do? - when Steve's about to get worked up about something that ain't worth it.  But Tony's cruising for a bruising when his big fat mouth spreads out into a wide, toothy grin.   "Well, that's just perfect," he says.  "JARVIS, you got that, right?  What am I asking, of course you did.  And just for that astonishing display of vintage slang on the hoof, buddy, I am going to reward you big time."
Bucky blinks, but Tony sails past him, heading for the door.  "Everyone with me!  Come along, chop chop!"
"I don't have time, Tony," Richards says in a tone that is somehow both completely detached and completely condescending.  "I've got to get back to the Baxter Building; I have work of my own, you know."
"Your loss, Richards," Stark replies breezily.  "Everybody else, hop to!"
Banner and Foster exchange glances.  Banner shakes his head.  "Not me.  I've got work, too.  Plus, I don't really think I'm up for it today."
"I understand," Foster replies.  She's got one of those ubiquitous little rectangles in her hand; she's poking at it with both her thumbs.  "I'm texting Darcy, though.  She'll kill me if she misses out on this."
Steve lets out a slow breath.  "That's good," he says.  "Thank you, Dr. Foster.  She'll keep him distracted while Bucky and I shop."
Foster grins.  "You know Darcy loves any opportunity for a sassing contest with Tony.  Especially because whether she wins or loses, he buys her things."
Bucky is, by now, thoroughly confused.  Steve, thank God, keeps his head, and steers Bucky out of Tony's lab and down the hall toward the elevator, where Tony is impatiently waiting.  "He likes you," Steve says in an undertone.  "I'll explain more later, but this is basically how Tony shows affection."
Bucky raises an eyebrow.  "You tellin' me he's gotta buy his friends?"
Steve shakes his head.  "He doesn't, actually.  Not any more.  But he doesn't really understand that, and when people reject his gifts, he thinks they're rejecting him.  So we all sort of just try to keep him restrained as much as possible."
Bucky doesn't really get it.  Not then.  But he trusts Steve - there will never be a time when that isn't a true statement - so he goes along with it.  It ends up being him, Steve, Stark, and Foster in the elevator going down; they're met in the lobby by a girl with long brown hair and bright red lipstick.  She's wearing blue jeans and leather boots and a loud purple-and-yellow striped top, and when Steve steps out of the elevator, she outright squeals and damn near attacks him before he can get two steps away.  "Steve!" she shouts, leaping into his arms.
Laughing, Steve catches the girl and swings her around once before putting her down.  "Hey, Darce."
"I didn't know you were back in town!" she exclaims, wrapping one long arm around his waist.  "When did you get back?"
"Just yesterday," Steve says.  "It was late and I was exhausted, and on top of that I had to go grocery shopping, so I didn't really tell anyone I was back."
"Because a cranky Steve is nobody's friend," the girl says, laughing.  "Well, I for one am glad you're here."  Her arm contracts and she squeezes him against her side.  "Did you have any luck looking for Bucky?"
Looking for Bucky? Bucky wonders.  But now is obviously not the time to ask; he'll pin Steve down and make him talk later.  For now, he does his best not to look like an overwhelmed kid in his older brother's hand-me-downs when Steve turns his dish of a girlfriend around to see him.  "Only in a manner of speaking," Steve is saying.  He explains about the different universes before saying, "Darcy Lewis, meet Bucky Barnes.  Bucky, Darcy Lewis, former assistant to Doctor Foster and current Director of Public Relations for the Avengers Initiative
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
inverse shrinkyclinks
Asexual Character
Time Travel
Dimension Travel
Polyamory Negotiations
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Communication Issues
Abandonment Issues
Steve's sadness errands
use of outdated terms by character who doesn't know any better

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

