Chapter 1: Matt
    




Chapter Text
  To say Matt Murdock was surprised to have a teenager walk into his office at 11am on a Monday was an understatement. His first thought is  “why isn’t he in school?”  followed by  “why the hell is his heartbeat so fast?”  But he puts those questions aside for now and focuses on professionalism. The kid is here for a reason, after all.  “How can I help you?” He asks politely, sitting down behind his desk and gesturing for the teen to take the seat across from him.  “Um… Mr. Murdock, sir?” The kid asks, almost for clarification but something tells Matt he doesn’t need it. But he nods anyway, and the kid continues. “I was hoping maybe you could give me some legal advice? I’m in a bit of a… tough financial and maybe legal situation,” the kid continues, stuttering nervously and unable to look at Matt directly. Matt cocks his head to the side, studying the kid in front of him. He waits, and sure enough the kid explains on his own. “You see I don’t have a job and haven’t been able to pay rent, but legally it’s been… difficult for me to get a job, if that makes sense?” Matt is confused, but legal issues he can help with.  “Well, let’s see what we can help you with, Mr…” he trails off, gesturing for the kid to fill in the blank. The teenager shifts uncomfortably in his seat, hesitating for half a second before answering, almost like he’s unsure of his own name.  “Parker. Uh. Peter Parker, sir.” As soon as the kid says his name, something in Matt  pauses. He’s sure they’ve never met before, and yet… He tilts his head a little to the left, listening intently to Peter as he asks, “Have we met before, Mr. Parker?”  He doesn’t know why he asks. He knows the answer is no. But still, there’s something there, something stuck in the back of his mind, like it’s been tucked away in the dark and he can’t quite seem to find it. He’s expecting confusion from Peter, a very quick denial. But Peter, surprisingly,  hesitates . His breathing hitches and his heartbeat stutters, nearly skipping two beats. He shifts uncomfortably in his seat, and Matt almost thinks he isn’t going to answer.  “Um. No, Mr. Murdock,” Peter finally says. “We’ve… we’ve never met before,” he mumbles, and Matt is shocked to find he’s  lying  . Well… he’s lying but it’s also like there’s a grain of truth to it. Like they have met before but Peter somehow knows Matt doesn’t…  remember  it. Matt is immediately on edge, thrown off by this teenager who he shouldn’t know but can’t quite shake the feeling he does anyway. This kid whose heartbeat is just a little bit too fast, who’s wearing some sort of spandex under his ratty clothes. This kid whose stomach sounds more empty than Matt and Foggy’s used to when they were struggling college students. This kid who  should be in school. Clearing his throat, Matt tries to be professional.  “Shouldn’t you be in school?” He asks Peter, settling back into his chair and studying the teen sitting across from him. Peter is looking down, wringing his hands nervously and bouncing his knee frantically up and down. Once again, his heart stutters, skipping almost two beats. It’s  terrifying, hearing how fast it goes. But it sounds normal, somehow, so Matt tries to ignore it. Peter hesitates again, before sighing. It’s almost imperceptible to anyone but Matt, and it’s one of the most heartbreaking sighs Matt’s ever heard.  “I-I had to drop out, a few months ago,” Peter mumbles, stuttering, and once again it’s a lie but  not a lie. Like it’s not quite the truth but it’s the only way Peter knows how to explain it.  
  Who are you, Peter Parker? 
  Matt calmly raises an eyebrow, even though he knows Peter’s not looking. Peter quickly continues, heartbeat stuttering some more, the speed of it nearly sending Matt into heart attack territory.  “Uh but I’m taking the GED! I just… my-my guardian died a few months ago,” Peter says softly, and his voice breaks when he says  guardian. Matt can tell it’s not what he wanted to say, but it’s the truth this time regardless. “And I’ve got to-to work full-time now if I wanna take care of myself and I can’t afford to be in school 8 hours a day-” “Peter,” Matt cuts him off, the kid’s already fast heartbeat starting to race. “Forgive me, but why aren’t you in the system? You’re still only, what, 16?” If Matt thought Peter’s heart was racing  now  , it was nothing compared to the reaction when Matt mentioned the system. Peter rockets out of his chair, startling Matt with his speed despite Matt sensing the movement coming. He backs up, nearly running over the chair in his haste, and Matt can tell he’s  terrified.   “No! No! I can’t go into the system, I can’t, I can-I can take care of myself!” Peter shouts, voice trembling and heartbeat racing at horrifying speeds.  Matt stands up carefully, hands out calmly and placatingly to Peter.  “Woah, hey it’s okay. I’m not trying to put you in the system. Okay?” Matt tells him calmly, and for a moment he thinks Peter is about to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Light Angst
Fluff and Angst
Protective Matt Murdock
Avocados at Law (Marvel)
Matt Murdock is a Good Bro
Foggy Nelson Is a Good Bro
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
lawyer shenanigans
listen
matt meets peter (again) and goes
this kid is mine now
they all do
slight hints of mattkaren
because I miss them
and they were so good for each other
So yeah
matt and karen's interactions are being written through the slightest of romantic lenses
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie) Spoilers
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Panic Attacks
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
handwavy legal knowledge
Canonical Character Death
Implied/Referenced Character Death

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

