Work Text:
Thor sat at his desk, fidgeting nervously. This was nothing like he’d ever done before. What if he screwed it up? What if he couldn’t deliver? He wasn’t qualified for this.But he had no more time to indulge in his worries. There came a knock on the door.Feigning professionalism, he said, “Yes?”Loki poked his head in. “Doctor Odinson? Sorry to bother you on your lunch break, but do you have a moment?”“Of course. Come in.”Loki did, and Thor almost choked.Holy fuck.He hadn’t missed the light makeup on Loki’s face and the cap perched daintily over his head, but the rest of the costume took Thor entirely by surprise. Loki’s top had a high neckline, but this illusion of modesty was belied by the fact that it was paper-thin and ended at the middle of Loki’s ribcage. Below that was a skirt—if it could even be called a skirt. It hung low on Loki’s hips and barely covered the tops of his thighs; the thing couldn’t be more than four inches long. And to complete the look, Loki had donned a pair of white stockings and blood-red stiletto heels.It took all of Thor’s resolve not to fuck him right then and there.As Thor was busy drooling over him, Loki had sashayed his way over to the chair by the desk and sat down with his legs crossed. Thor took a second to appreciate the view—he could almost get a peek under the skirt—but he quickly composed himself.“What can I do for my best nurse?” he asked with what he hoped was a kind smile on his face, but was quite certain he looked like a pervert instead.Loki, on the other hand, had no trouble being in character. He frowned, looking genuinely distressed, and said, “Something’s wrong with me, Doctor. I haven’t been able to walk right all day.”“Oh no, we can’t have that. Does anything hurt?”“It doesn’t hurt, exactly…” Loki murmured, while one stockinged foot slipped out of its heel and caressed up along the inside of Thor’s leg, “but I feel uncomfortable all over.”Thor was at a loss for words, too preoccupied by the foot that was so dangerously close to his crotch. He couldn’t think; Loki had melted his brain into a fucking puddle.Luckily, Loki saved the scene. “Can you help me take a look, Doctor Odinson?”“Yes, yes, of course,” Thor said almost too quickly. His trembling fingers went to Loki’s toes, pressing softly over each of the joints. “How is this?”“Ah—ahh,” Loki moaned obscenely. “Yes, Doctor, that feels so good … please don’t stop.”If he could make those sounds come out of Loki’s mouth, Thor wouldn’t stop for anything in the world. He kept going, kneading at the delicate bones of Loki’s foot, pressing harder under the arch—Loki keened particularly deliciously at that—and then moved to the ankle, marvelling at how he could encircle it with one hand. He massaged the shapely muscles of Loki’s leg, too, and it was then that he decided those stockings were evil. They were semi-transparent and teased at the sight of smooth, hairless skin underneath, but prevented Thor from touching and kissing and marking. As he reached Loki’s knee, however, anticipation filled him. He was nearing where the offending fabric ended and the supple flesh of Loki’s thigh was bared, now, he was so close—Loki pulled his leg away. Thor almost screamed in frustration.“Can you do the other side, too?”And even if Thor could say no to Loki, he couldn’t say no to that breathless, sultry tone. So he agreed, “Yes, of course I can,” and repeated the agonising process all over again. Only this time, it was harder—or, he was harder—because Loki had decided to use his foot to rub at Thor’s cock through his white coat and trousers. Thor tried his best at ignoring it, and counted it a win when he didn’t come in his boxers like a goddamned teenager.When Loki withdrew his leg—taking great care to trail his toes all the way from Thor’s crotch to the inner side of his ankle—Thor took a deep breath and attempted to calm himself down. “How are you feeling now?” he forced out.“Much better, thank you.” Then he squirmed in his seat in a way that broke Thor all over again. “But something still doesn’t feel right. Maybe you could give me a more … thorough look on your examination table?”This was so unfair. Loki was batting his eyelashes at him and he was fucking pouting.“O-ok,” Thor managed to rasp.Loki smirked at him and gracefully rose from his seat. When he’d made it a few paces away and Thor’s line of sight was directly at the level of his arse, Loki bent over on the pretence on adjusting his heels and Thor caught a flash of red lace between his legs.Thor closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. He was either going to die from the teasing, or he was going to die from the orgasm he’d be getting at the end of this. Either way, he was fucking done for.“Doctor? I’m ready,” Loki sang.“Yes, I’ll be over in a second.” After arranging himself through his trousers and trying his best to lay his white coat over the very embarrassing bulge, Thor took ginger steps towards the bane of his existence.He stood at the en
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
30 Day OTP Porn Challenge
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Alternate Universe - Human
Sexual Roleplay
Medical Kink
nurse Loki
doctor Thor
Loki is a Tease
Thor is a Dog
Lingerie
Crossdressing
Speculum
Anal Play
Prostate Massage
Prostate Milking
Facials
Comeplay
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Face-Fucking
Butt Plugs
Anal Plug
Dom/sub Undertones
The Author Regrets Everything

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

