Chapter 1





Chapter Text
His mind is tired, but that’s no excuse.  He keeps closing his eyes in an effort to block out the noise, and it helps exactly as much as one might expect.  They shouldn’t be here, should have taken the plane back to Westchester immediately, but they can’t just leave Logan.Charles doesn’t know whether to hope he’s gone back to where he came from or not.  Is it the end for them if he has?  Is it the end for him if he hasn’t?  How many more people have to die because no one will listen, because no one will stop to think objectively for one bloody--He feels Erik’s presence from the hallway outside.  From the lobby, if he’s being generous, but he should have sensed him from the street.  His brain is overtaxed and hurting the way his legs would be if he could still feel them.  It seems all he does is trade one pain for another these days.The pressure of the thoughts around him is like a heartbeat in his ears, pounding too hard and incessant for relief, but Erik’s mind slides through them like water.  His presence is as weightless and gentle as Hank’s, familiar as the day he left.  It’s the only thing that lets Charles say goodnight to Hank without begging a syringe off of him first.He knows Hank brought more than enough serum for himself.  He knows using it means giving up on anything other than blind luck when it comes to finding Logan.  Charles also knows that he hasn’t slept since Paris, and they’re not in rural Westchester anymore.  An exhausted telepath will do this city no favors.“I didn’t think you’d still be here,” Erik says, when Charles rolls into his room and lets the door slam shut behind him.  He’s in the middle of the bed, propped up on all the pillows with a book held in front of him like a shield.  He doesn’t look at Charles.“Have you seen Raven?” Charles asks.“Mystique?”  Erik counters.  He’s still wrapped in both coats, his boots on top of the folded blanket at the end of the bed.  “You let her go.”“Have you,” Charles grits out, “seen her.”Erik lets the book tip forward onto his chest, open but unreadable as he stares at the opposite wall instead.  “No.”“Have you heard from her,” Charles insists.  “Do you have any idea where she might be.  Don’t play word games with me, Erik; I’m not in the mood.”“I saw her two days ago,” Erik says.  “On my way out of Paris, she caught me and threatened to kill me.  I told her about your time traveler.  She wasn’t impressed.  That’s all I’ve seen or heard from her outside of today, at the White House.  With you.”Charles sighs, rubbing at the bridge of his nose.  He didn’t expect any different.  Not really.  They’ve lingered for Logan, after all.  Not Raven.  There’s no reason to think that she’d just--“You look terrible,” Erik says.When Charles looks up, he’s being studied: the wall forgotten, the book ignored.  Erik is looking at him the way he does when Charles spends too long--The way he used to look, Charles thinks.  The way Erik used to look at him, because he doesn’t look at Charles at all now.  There is no “how Erik looks at him” anymore.Except that clearly there is.  Erik’s doing it right now.“Yes, well, someone dropped a stadium on me,” Charles says sharply.  “Sorry if I haven’t had time to freshen up.  What are you doing here?”Erik’s expression doesn’t change, but then, it rarely does.  “Reading, mostly.”“Reading,” Charles says, and he doesn’t know whether to laugh or--or throw something.  “Of course.  Don’t let me get in your way.”He wheels himself into the bathroom, where the sink is too high and the towels are too low.  The bar by the toilet is mostly useless, but between the counter and the wheel lock on his chair, he manages.  He hasn’t got the energy or the mental fortitude to even undress, let alone attempt the shower, so he washes his hands and calls it a night.Erik is still there when he goes back out.  Still in the middle of the bed.  Still in those ridiculous coats.  The book is splayed across his chest, but now his eyes are closed.Charles rather thought Erik was here for the helmet.  Once he saw that Charles doesn’t have it, he should have been off to pester Hank or to ransack the plane.  Or both, given that neither is likely to yield his prized accoutrement.Instead, he appears intent on sleeping on Charles’ bed.  It’s a problem, because Charles is planning to sleep on that bed.  That’s why he has the bed in the first place.  That’s why he has a hotel room in a city he’s seen far too much of this week, when he could be spending the hour it takes to fly home: because he needs to sleep.  Or as close to it as he can get, anyway.“Look,” Charles says.Erik opens his eyes, but he does not in fact look.  At anything but the wall.“If you’re just going to lie there, at least take off your boots,” Charles says.  “I want a pillow and all of the blankets.  Also, I get half the mattress, not whatever’s left over when you’re done lounging like a--whatever you’re lounging like.  Shove over.”He throws back the covers and turns his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Post-Movie(s)
Everybody Lives
And they re-open the school
Children
Established Relationship
Politics
Rescue Missions

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

