Chapter 1: Terrible Taste in Pizza
    




Chapter Text
“Is this a joke?” Tony Stark laughed as he stood behind the bar pouring what had to have been his fourth glass of whiskey in the span of five minutes. “Remind me again, what happened?”“For, what, the third time?” you raised an eyebrow. “Why…?”“I just don’t get it. How does my daughter come across Frank Castle and live?”“He’s actually really nice, you know. It’s giving me tortured, misunderstood soul.”“Don’t do that.”“Do what?”“Don’t you dare fuck that man,” Tony said, pointing a finger at you. “Tortured and misunderstood? That’s like catnip for you, isn’t it?”“Pft…no.”Tony cringed. He pinched the bridge of his nose as he tried to process what you had just told him. He took a quick sip of whiskey, exhaled slowly, and put both hands on the counter as he stared at you.“Okay. Run me through this one more time. Why did the Punisher just drop you off at the tower like it was a first date?”“Man, I wish…” You trailed off. “Anyway, I took myself out to dinner because you were busy…”Flashback:This was a rare moment, a quiet dinner out in the city just for you. You wished your dad could join you, but he was too busy working on one of his suits, and given that you had accidentally blown up the arm piece of his newest suit trying to fix the coding of it, maybe him staying in the tower to work on it while you went out seemed like the best idea.With a corner table to yourself, you happily enjoyed your dinner by yourself, scrolling through your phone and treating yourself to a delicious meal that was definitely worth your father’s absolute meltdown. Besides, not like he hadn’t ruined several of your projects before. Technically ,this was perfectly balanced, as all things should be.While enjoying your dinner, you heard a group enter and be seated by one of the larger tables at the back of the restaurant near you. You glanced up and noticed the man in a charcoal suit and couldn’t help but to wonder why he appeared familiar. You shrugged and continued to focus on your dessert, carefully sipping your cappuccino before diving into the tiramisu.“Ms. Stark, what a pleasure,” the man approached you with a slight nod of his head. He noticed your confused look, “You don’t remember me, do you?”“Can’t say that I do. I’m sorry,” you set down your fork and glanced up at him, “You are…?”“Apologies, madame.  Joseph, you can call me Mr. H. We met some time ago. I think you were a kid.”“Sorry, I don’t recall,” You said to him. “But if I was a kid that’s probably why. Enjoy your dinner, Joseph.”“You too, doll,” He smiled at you, a smile that sent a shiver down your spine as he walked back over to his table where all his associates had already sat down and were waiting for him.Something felt sour about that interaction. You couldn’t remember who this man was for the life of you. Granted, your childhood was a little iffy. Memories were fuzzy here and there, but to your defense, that happens when you’re abandoned as a child and left to a parent who doesn’t really parent you through the formative years of your life and instead leaves it to his assistant, bodyguard, and best friend to do it until life scares him straight.After your meal, you paid, stood up to leave, and noticed two of his associates stand up at the same time as you. Shutting your eyes, your muttered to yourself that this was going to be a long night before you started to slip through the restaurant by going through the kitchen, shouting apologies and making up nonsense that it was a Stark-level emergency.It made no sense, but if you throw out the name Stark enough, sometimes the rules just didn’t matter. Stepping into the alley, you looked around quickly, saw the coast was clear, and started to speed-walk out of there. You made it onto the busy street, pulled the hood up from your jacket, and brought your phone to your ear as you started walking back to the tower.“Oh, look, my daughter is calling. Perhaps she wants to apologize?” Tony asked as he answered the phone. “Or perhaps she wishes to beg for forgiveness for trying to ruin her father’s lifetime achievement.”“First of all, you say everything is a lifetime achievement. Secondly, I already apologized, and you’ve ruined plenty of my shit on accident. Grow up, bro. Thirdly, no. I’m calling because I have a question.”“Fine, I suppose I’ll allow it. What’s the question?”“Do we know someone named Joseph? Or calls himself Mr. H?”“Mr. H? Sounds stupid, hold on,” Tony sighed and referred to his computers while you were walking around and glancing over your shoulder. “Oh, that’s that mob guy, Hammerhead. You know, the one with the massive forehead?”“Right, right. Would I know him for some reason?”“Nah,” Tony said easily as he went back to his construction. “I mean, there was one time we were in New York when you were a kid. I don’t remember, I was with the Victoria’s Secret Angels, but Happy and Pepper said some guys wanted to kidnap you when you were a kid and hold you for ranso
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frank Castle/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader

freeform: 
Tony Stark Lives
Reader is a Stark

fandom: 
Frank Castle/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader

