Work Text:
Everything is really, really loud. The bright light hurts Clint’s eyes; he burrows his head under a scrap of fabric that smells like him, feels safe."...Where is he?! Has he been shrunk? Teleported? Work with me here, Thor, what can your brother do?"Clint whimpers. There's no call for Tony to be so deafening."My brother would always choose to enact the biggest mischief he can think of, but I do not think he would harm Hawkeye; it would not serve his purpose at present. However I do believe I can hear something coming from yon pile of garments left behind; perhaps if you would hold your peace for a moment...?""What in the hell does that mean?""It means shut up a second, Tony," Natasha snaps.Finally, blessed quiet. Clint decides it's safe to crawl out. His legs feel strange; come to think of it, his arms don't really feel like his arms, and when he tries to straighten...'Oh, hell no,' he thinks, looking down at his hands only to be met with furry paws instead of the fingers he expects. "Thor, what the fuck did your fucking brother do to me?" he yells--only he doesn't, because no words appear from his lips. Instead, there's... barking?Fucking fuck."My most sincere apologies, Clint," Thor says, while huge arms scoop him up and lift him until he's looking at Thor's distraught face, blue eyes sad. "It appears that my brother has turned you into a small dog.""No shit," Clint yaps. To his surprise, Thor ducks his head, like he understood what Clint just said. "You can... understand me?""My father created the All Speak. I can understand everything, in any language that is spoken, included that of canines. I can assure you this condition is not permanent. That would require a far greater level of magic than my brother would be willing to expend for the sake of mischief. We will simply have to endure until it reverses itself.""'Endure,' he says," Clint bitches. "You're not the one stuck in dog form for however long!""What's he saying?" Tony demands."He is not happy," Thor supplies with a wince."No shit," Tony snaps. Clint looks at him approvingly. There's a reason Tony's his favourite.Natasha sighs. Clint turns his head to find her, feels a draft over the back of his hind legs as he -- apparently -- wags his tail at her. Gah, this is beyond embarrassing."Oh, look, he likes you," Tony says. Clint growls; it feels good. Much more effective than swearing, which directed at Tony is like water sliding off a duck's back. Tony's face falls; he gets these sad eyes when he looks at Clint, and he smells wistful--which apparently is now something that Clint can tell, Jesus, could this day get any weirder? He sighs, wriggles in Thor's hands until Thor passes him to Tony, and then licks his face behind the lifted visor of the armour. He's a little blinded by what a huge smile he gets back for that."What's happened? Where's Hawkeye? Why are you holding a Corgi?" Steve demands as he runs up."You mean why am I holding Clint," Tony corrects, since it's the answer to all three questions. Clint barely hears him, because he is frozen with fury -- Loki turned him into a Corgi? He's a lap dog now?!"Why is he growling? Is he in pain?" Steve asks, a distressed frown on his face.Thor, relegated to interpreter for the duration of the... incident, explains."...A Corgi, he couldn't have turned me into something big and fierce, no, it had to be a a damn Corgi," Clint yaps on, five minutes later, when he feels a warm hand settle on the scruff of his neck and lift him out of Tony's arms -- which is kind of a relief, because metal? Not so comfortable when you're a small dog, damn it."Widow, Cap, you're overdue for a briefing. Iron Man, you're done, head on home. Thor, you too, take the Hulk with you. Barton, you're staying with me, you need to be checked over. I've called in the vets.""The vets?" Clint howls, outraged.Coulson merely sighs. "Stop that infernal noise, who did you think would make sure you're okay in this shape?""Not the fucking vets, Jesus, Thor, you tell them that if they come at me with a rectal thermometer I am going to give them all rabies, I fucking swear.""Son of Coul, Clint says--""I think I get the picture. No one's gonna touch your privates, don't worry. I'll whisk you out of there if they even reach for the snipping scissors.""What?!"Strong hands close on him when he tries to wriggle out of Coulson's grip. "Barton, calm down. You'll be done in no time."Clint settles, albeit extremely reluctantly. "This is no time to decide you have a sense of humor, fucking hell," he grumbles.True to Coulson's word, the vets pronounce him completely healthy, and no one even reaches for his ass or balls, which is good for them, because Clint is suddenly in possession of a bunch of very sharp teeth and isn't shy about using them.Coulson nods when the vet gives him the all-clear and turns on his heel, clicking his fingers. To his horror, Clint's legs move to obey before he can even think to stop them. He jumps off the examination tabl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Animal Transformation
Pining
Angst
Injury
Romance
Get Together

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

