Chapter 1





Chapter Text
At this point, Erik just really doesn't know if he's going to kill Hank or thank him. It's his fucking fault that he and Charles are locked up in quarantine, because his fucking experiments have led to- to whatever this is. He's been doing things to plants that only Charles can make any sense of; Charles tried to explain some of it to him, but by that time Erik was busy ripping his clothing off, and it was a little hard to pay attention.On the other hand, it's also Hank's fault that Charles is pushing him to the floor and yanking Erik's trousers down, intent on fucking his brains out, and there's nothing wrong with that. Charles gets his trousers past his hips, and he just stops, staring; Erik wondered when they were going to have to go through this part. It's not like he doesn't know he's got a big cock, but despite the stereotype, it's been more a hindrance than a help, sexually speaking. He's gotten shocked or reluctant before, a few complete refusals, a little bit of "I'm doing you such a favor," and he's not sure which category Charles is going to fall into."Motherfucker," Charles says, completely shocking Erik, who's not sure he's ever even heard Charles swear before."Look, it's not a problem," Erik tells him; he's getting itchier and itchier, the pollen or whatever messing with his mind, and somehow he knows it's not going to stop until he gets off. "You can fuck me, just hurry it up.""Not on your fucking life," Charles snaps. "Don't you dare think you get to hold out on me."Erik looks at him in confusion. "Wait, what?"Charles straddles him, leaning over him and kissing him wildly. "There's no way I'm letting this," Erik sucks in a breath as Charles wraps his hand around his cock, "go to waste."The slot on the wall next to the window opens, and a tub of vaseline comes rolling out. "Thank you," Charles says to the one-way glass, reaching over to pick it up; it's more than a little unsettling, being reminded that there's someone on the other side, but right now he's just too grateful for the help to care. Charles twists it open, tossing the lid carelessly away, and scoops up two fingers full, using it to slick up Erik's cock. He presses his fingers inside himself briefly, but he barely even makes an attempt to stretch himself before he kneels up, positioning Erik's cock at his entrance.His eyes go wide; Charles can't possibly think he can do that without hurting himself. "Charles, don't-" but there's no way he can finish that, because then Charles is sitting down on him, moaning loudly as he takes Erik's cock inside himself."Oh god," Charles says, pushing down for more. "God, that's good." It must just be the respite from the itch of the pollen- getting closer is pushing it down, but it's coming back faster and faster every time. "Why did you hide this from me?""I don't know what you're talking about," Erik gasps, thrusting up as Charles starts to ride him."Don't be stupid," he says. "If I'd known you had a cock like this, I'd have been doing terrible things to it ever since we met. God, Erik, why didn't you tell me?""I'm not going to go around telling everyone I meet," Erik tells him, even though it's getting hard to talk when the need is rising in him, the need to come and the need to stop the infernal itching; now it feels like it's down in his veins, filling him up with fire."You might consider it," Charles breaks off, gasping, "as a public service." He's distracted for a moment, too busy grinding down on Erik's cock; Erik groans, his fingers digging into Charles's hips, and he's pretty sure it won't be long until both of them die."Maybe it's better I didn't know sooner," Charles says, moving faster, taking him in deep, maybe farther than anybody's been able to. "I honestly don't know how I'm going to be able to stay off my knees long enough to get anything done."Erik moans just thinking about that, the idea of Charles at his feet, sucking him for hours, worshipping his cock. "Yes," Charles gasps, nodding, "just like that, as long as you want, Erik, won't be able to stop me-"It's getting unbearable now, how much Erik needs, and Charles looks like he's just as desperate as Erik; he's dripping sweat, riding Erik for all he's worth. "Now, now, Charles," Erik pleads, clutching at Charles's skin; Charles slams down on him, and Erik comes, finally, his mind blanking out as his whole body shakes. Charles is coming apart above him, his cock shooting over and over onto Erik's stomach and chest, until he finally collapses forward, caging Erik in with his arms and resting his forehead against Erik's.An eternity later, Charles rolls off him, panting, and Erik stares up at the ceiling. He's so relieved that he feels a little like he's floating, all the need swept away, the absence of the itch feeling just as good as the sexual release. Hopefully, that'll take care of it; whichever of their mortified teammates are watching will come and collect them, and Erik can have a long bath and s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Plot What Plot
Sex Pollen
Fuck Or Die
Quarantine
Size Kink

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

