Chapter 1





Chapter Text

               “Tonight’s top story is the attack on an elementary school here in New York. And not just any elementary school, the school where Steve Rogers and James Buchanan Barnes send their children. While disaster was striking all over the world, the Rogers family children were the real target. The school has asked that their name not be broadcasted for the safety of it’s students and faculty. What we can say is this: At 9:30 am this morning the Rogers children’s school was invaded by four dozen highly trained assassins belonging to the same organization that captured and tortured James Barnes for seventy years. It’s unclear what their motives were at this time, although the evidence suggests this was either a kidnapping or an attempt on the children’s lives. Amazingly none of the students at the school were harmed. The scene ended in a massacre of the assassins themselves. Several known vigilantes came to the aid of the children including Hell’s Kitchen’s Daredevil. It seems New York’s Superhero community takes care of its own. The rest of the story is still being uncovered. We’d like to remind you all that their safety does depend on our digression. Here at CNN Nightly News we strive to tell you the story without harming those who defend us. We’ll update you when we have more information.”
.oOo.
                “It’s officially been three months since the attack that has left our heroes reeling. There has been no sign of Captain America or his family since the attack on the children’s elementary school in January. Although the public has been assured this is not a kidnapping, no other information has been given at this time. Some concerns have been raised about what this means for Captain America’s career as a superhero. With us tonight is Dr. Dylan Hunter from the Smithsonian Institute to tell us what he thinks about this crisis.”
.oOo.
Deep In the Canadian Wilderness 
                 “GO AWAY!” Sasha screams at the top of her lungs. The raccoon bursts out of the hen house followed closely by three angry hens. The raccoon climbs up the chicken wire fence and flees once he gets to the other side. Sasha furiously shoos him with a broom. Bucky takes aim at the animal from the porch. Sasha looks up abruptly. “No! Mamma don’t!”                 Bucky lowers his gun and gives her a disapproving look. “If you don’t want it to come back, the easiest way is just to kill it.”                 “He was just doing his thing, though. He doesn’t know any better. Where’s Daddy? Maybe he could put a roof on the chicken pen. That’d keep him out, right?”                 “Is everybody okay!?” Steve says as he comes sprinting from the woods. He’d been out getting firewood.                 “It was just the raccoon again.” Jamie explains. He’s sitting on the porch reading a book. His reading skills have improved massively in the time he’s had to concentrate on improving them.                 “Oh…” Steve takes a deep breath. “Sasha you scared me.” He admonishes.                 “Sorry, he was in there eating the eggs again. I should clean that up, I’m sure it’s a mess.” Sasha carries her broom inside and goes to get some gloves.                 Bucky gulps and meets eyes with Steve for only a fraction of a second before his disappears into the cabin fiddling with the zipper on his heavy coat. He’s shutting Steve out again right before his eyes. He follows Bucky into the house.                 “Hey Buck, you got any ideas on how to keep the animals away?” Steve asks from the entryway. Bucky was about to slip into the bedroom when Steve caught him. Bucky doesn’t look at him.                 “You could try peeing around the perimeter.”                 “You’re kidding, right?” Steve chuckles awkwardly. Sasha squeezes past him grumbling to herself.                 “Nah, it works. Mark your territory. They can smell you’re an alpha in your piss. Works on wolves and foxes, why not raccoons?” Bucky gives Steve one little glance. His eyes beg for forgiveness. “I’m sorry, I’m not feeling so good again. I’m going to lie down for a while.”                 “Yeah, you do that Buck.” Steve tries to smile reassuringly but he knows he just looks sad. Bucky nods and disappears into the dark bedroom. Steve looks at the cases of water bottles they have stacked up in the corner. He sighs. “Challenge accepted, I guess.”.oOo.                Bucky lays down on Steve’s side of the bed. He drags the alpha’s pillow right up to his face and inhales the scent of him in deep, needy breaths. It takes him over a minute to be satisfied. Once he feels light headed but also satiated, he lingers with his face pressed into the dark blue pillowcase.                It feels wrong to miss someone right there but he can’t help it. He doesn’t want Steve to touch him like he’s the most precious thing in the universe. He can’t handle being loved like that, not when he hates himself so God damned much. Steve doesn’t see why. How could he? 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Mpreg
Family Drama
Family Feels
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Nursing
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Recovery

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

