Chapter 1: New Year's Eve
    


Notes:
The general prompt is “Kate & Yelena’s first NYE”. Shout-out to the one anon who’s been sending me mini scenes for years that I then expand into much larger stuff. This stemmed from their prompt/their little blurb. There’s a few bits of the original in here in the beginning as an honor to them because they’re amazing :] I created a Social Media AU to go along with this chapter. It’s Kate x Yelena’s NYE and the few days that follow. You can find it here---I don't have a beta. Any and all errors are mine.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Despite The Barton's emphatic request that she stay through the New Year, Kate was aware that Clint needed time alone with his family. The mess she started kept him away from them for longer than necessary therefore she graciously bowed out soon after Christmas Day lunch.Kate had things to do in the city anyway. It was too early to know what would happen with Eleanor and Bishop Security but, during one of her sleepless hours at the farm, Kate decided that if there was anything left to salvage of the company then she was going to do it. If there was nothing left to save she would rebuild. For her parents; for her father. Beyond work, Kate had other reasons for wanting to get back. Her mother's first court appearance is set for the week after Christmas and, despite everything, Kate knows her place is by Eleanor’s side.
Kate looks out the window of the black car that picked her up some time ago. Her mind is elsewhere and nowhere; thoughts jumbled in the midst of the blurry zooms of buildings as they dash by. 
 "Miss Bishop, we'll be arriving in about five minutes." 
The driver’s voice well-nigh startles her. 
 "Thank you, Matt." 
Kate must have spaced out for longer than she thought because that only felt like a second and all of a sudden she’s back in Manhattan. What was she even musing on about for that long? The buzzing on her lap stops her mind from wandering again. A text from Yelena fills up her screen. 

YELENA: Are we getting those drinks you promised now that you are back, Kate Bishop?
KATE: First of all, how did you know I was gone? More importantly, how do you know I'm back if I'm only just getting to my place.
YELENA: It is my job to know things, Kate.
KATE: Should I be worried? Am I next on your list? Do you just want to have drinks so you can off me? Looking for your opening to slip some super cool, untraceable pill in my drink or something?
YELENA: Haha. You think I would make appointment to kill? Also, poison is for cowards. You would be dead now if I wanted it so. And I would use a gun.
Kate doesn’t want to examine how her life got to the point where that was both a turn on and a comfort to read. She shakes her head and smiles at her screen as the car finally pulls up at her building right as another text pops up.

YELENA: This Christmas Market you spoke of, where can I find it?
Kate ponders for a long beat. After a second of hesitation and deliberation she fires off a rapid text.

KATE: Send me your address. I'll pick you up right now.
Kate lowers her phone and looks up at the driver.
 "Sorry, change of plans Matt." 

Yelena wasn’t joking about hitting all the tourist traps. After a few hours at the market they decide to sit down at one of the benches and go down the rest of Yelena's mental list. Kate breaks out her phone and starts an actual list to keep track of what’s left and what she believes needs to be added.A proper, non shootout, Rockefeller visit was out of the question thanks to Kate’s lumberjack moment and Yelena had already done The Statue and The Empire State. As Yelena keeps rattling off places, Kate doesn’t hold back when she tells her that the rest of her list is pretty pathetic and nothing but hogwash tourist traps. After learning what she has Kate can’t, in good conscience, leave Yelena to her own devices to see the city. It’s clear it won’t ever be done the right way so she agrees (note: she was never asked) to be Yelena's official tour guide.They see each other every day after, with Kate slowly introducing Yelena to more and more of  her  New York. The trip to Katz Deli followed by Magnolia’s Bakery is particularly popular with Yelena but a hole in the wall pizzeria has her perfectly happy, as do street meats from vendors in between stops at the Met and the Museum of Natural History. It doesn’t take long to realize food is the way to impress Yelena and Kate pulls out all the stops to do just that.They get shawarma at three separate places, all claiming to be the destination of The Avengers after the battle of New York. Kate listens to childhood stories of two kids in Ohio who would grow up to be two of the deadliest women in the world. She smiles at the thought of the woman in front of her, young and lost, whistling knowing she would be found by her big sister.As New Year's Eve approaches, plans are discussed. Yelena is hell bent on getting the "r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

freeform: 
yes this is a a romantic and sexual relationship between kate and yelena
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
Drama & Romance
Post-Canon
Romance
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

