Work Text:
Bucky fucking loved his office. Anyone who worked at Stark Tower wanted one of the big glass offices that spanned the floor, and Bucky was one of them. As the new head of his own team, working on high-tech prosthetics, he got the office. His best friend, Natasha Romanov, who did something (no one knew what and no one was going to ask in case she had to kill them) up on the 87th floor, had shrugged.“Mine looks out over the park.” She told him, as he moved his stuff in. His looked over the mostly commercial district, and residential buildings a little further out. She didn’t help him with the boxes, just sat on the (large, glass) desk that had already been moved in.“I like my view.” He pointed out. “It’s not a windowless box, which is what my team have been working out of for the last 4 years.”“Stark likes results.”“Stark likes miracles.” Bucky told her, without looking around. “And those are in short supply.”“You managed one.”“One working prototype isn’t a miracle, Tasha. It could be a fluke and all this is for nothing.” He set the box down and looked at his arm. The chrome was impressive, but not actually metal. That had been a… vanity project – something to get them noticed, help them stand out in the pool of hopefuls to get the coveted EPSG – Employee Performance Stark Grant. John Walker had a similar prosthetic fitted to his leg for the pitch, although his wasn’t quite finished because their fucking 3D printer broke. However, the polymer exoskeleton – a honeycomb type structure – had looked pretty badass too, even without the vanity plating covering it. The metal look could be replaced with various other cases, the pitch had included Bucky showing off the cases they’d managed to put together before they’d run out of time (and money) and the silicone shell that had been painted by hand to look like real skin (freckles and all) had worked perfectly, snapping on to the uncovered shell of his arm.It had won them the grant. Stark had loved it, which was great, and wanted them to have something to show at the Stark Expo, which was fucking amazing, but they only had one working prototype. One.And it was currently attached to Bucky. Two days later, he realised that when Stark wanted results, he got them. For two days he’d had probably about  four hours sleep, and the man himself had shown up twice. Their equipment had been replaced with the best stuff – no more MacGyvered 3D printers for them, oh no – and Johns leg was almost finished. He could rotate his ankle in full motion, which had been causing them headaches for a long time, and to make it even better, the items they had on order had been expedited by Stark – meaning the snap-on skin and support pins had arrived three months ahead of schedule.But the lack of sleep had been fucking with his brainwaves, and his latest readouts weren’t great – the gitches in his arm, little misfires, weren’t a software issue like he’d assumed. Doctor Banner, who worked with Tony Stark up on the top floors had been brought down to take a look at the scans.“The stress of the last few days might be causing more strain on the nero-pathways than expected. Do you meditate?”“Uh, no?” Bucky said. He’d be fucking gutted if the reason their project failed was because of him. His hand curled into a fist without his permission, metal plates interlocking perfectly.“Get some sleep, eat a meal. I’ll keep Tony away for at least 24 hours. I might not be a medical doctor, but I know stress when I see it. Get a hobby. Stargaze. Do something that isn’t work every 3 to 4 hours, for at least 45 minutes. Eat.” He looked at the scans and then at Tony. “Out.”So Bucky was sitting in his office looking at a telescope. It had an oversized red bow stuck to it, and a tag that said: Bruce said stargaze. Do that – TS.Stargaze. Like Bucky would know the difference between one dot of light or another. In the middle of the fucking day. There was an email though, from the Banner.
Barnes, the telescope has a fine focus
 
lens
 
that will take a lot of
 
slight adjustments. You might find it easier to use the arm if you practice these fine motor functions more often.
 
I’m more than happy to help you with the neurological side if needed, the work you are doing will help thousands of people, you should be proud.
Proud. He was proud. Mostly he just felt a little selfish, because he had the only working prototype attached to his body, and if everything went tits up, he’d be okay. But yeah, he thought of the kids in the ward where he used to go after he lost his arm, thought of the horrible fake looking plastic arms and legs that had hung in the fitting rooms, freaking him out. He wanted to do better. He’d taken a nap (his office had a large couch that was a helluva lot more comfortable than his own bed) and was feeling a little better already, so he walked over to the ‘scope.It was pointed slightly downward, so that in theory, he could look at the buildings opposite, but when he put his eye to the eyepiece
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
amputee bucky
Prosthesis
non-verbal comunication
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Body Modification

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

