Work Text:
Tony squinted down at the tray in front of him. He was pretty sure nothing like this had ever happened to him before. There was sugar in a silver bowl, thin slices of lemon on a small dish, milk in a tiny jug, and standing at the centre of it all, a steaming teapot. He looked up at Steve—who was dressed as usual like he'd just walked out of a period film, a plaid shirt over a white undershirt, both tucked neatly into a pair of pressed khakis—and then back down at the tea tray. The teapot was covered with hand-painted roses. "It's just," he said, "I thought this stuff was born in Starbucks cups. Like, it comes out of the... what's the tea equivalent of the womb, no, you know what, scratch that, that way lies terrible imaginings, but it's just, you know...""Not really," Steve said. His eyes were crinkled up at the corners, like he was amused at something Tony wasn't aware of. Not for the first time, Tony wondered how they'd ended up here, spending a Monday morning together somewhere beyond grudging tolerance, when the first few weeks had been so terrible, and—"Is that a tea cozy?" he said, accusingly."Yes, Tony," Steve said, laughter in his voice, "it's a tea cozy. If you keep the pot insulated, the tea lasts longer. That's why you should always heat the pot a little before you add the tea leaves and the hot water. But I bet you'll like this—it's a Yunnan blend. Strong taste, smokey, like good whiskey." He held out one of the cups to Tony; it looked comically small in Steve's big hand. Tony looked at Steve's face and blinked, feeling that familiar click and flare in his brain: the one that always heralded some new discovery, some new way of seeing the world. "Huh," he said, holding up a finger, "yeah, uh, could we—uh, rain check, excuse me."He went out into the hallway, and called Rhodey. "Fuck," he said as soon as the call connected. "Fuck, I'm so fucked, Rhodey, I'm so—no, not because of that. No, no, not that either, would you shut up? No, what I'm trying to, to say to you, to articulate, is that I may well be... actually, no, strike the conditional, I'm pretty sure I'm in love with Captain Fucking America, and—why are you laughing?""Are you honestly telling me you're surprised by this, Tony?" Somewhere in the background, Tony could hear the dull roar of engines, the orderly bustle of an Air Force base. "Because that makes you and what, a guy living under a rock somewhere. In Nepal. Who's wearing earmuffs and is blind."Tony was a grown man, a business leader and a philanthropist, so he steadfastly did not whimper at the thought that he'd been so obvious. Not that it was being obvious that he objected to—Tony lived his life amid the glare of the flashbulbs and the twenty-four hour media, liked the odd kind of anonymity that gave him—he just didn't like being obvious in ways he wasn't aware of. He settled for saying, "Oh my god, Rhodey. He's like, too young and too old for me, all at once. It's like every bad prediction that Perez Hilton ever made about me.""Well," Rhodey said, "to be fair, it's not like he ever made any good predictions about you.""Pfft," Tony said, "I think that's your heteronormativity showing. Just because you wouldn't be happy if some online gossip columnist used Paint to draw a cock on your face—hello? hello? Did he just hang up on me?""It would appear so, sir," Jarvis said. "Hush, you," Tony said, flapping a hand in the general direction of the ceiling, "No one likes a smart-Jarvis." Then he did the only thing he possibly could do, and dialled Pepper. "Rhodey hung up on me!" he said as soon as she answered.Pepper sighed. "Good morning to you too, Tony. Let me remind you again that I am not the teacher and you and Colonel Rhodes are not kindergarteners, so I cannot help you—"Which reminded Tony that he wasn't actually calling to tell on Rhodey, as fun as that was—he was still in search of Steve Assistance, capitalisation totally warranted. "So, you know," he told her, "if you could stop making out with Coulson long enough to think of others—though ha, probably you got that over with in a previously scheduled ten minutes this morning. What is it like with him, is he frighteningly competent? Does he have magic fingers? I bet he has a ten step guide to—""Finish that sentence," Pepper said, very calmly, "and you will live only long enough to regret it a lot.""Yes, Pepper," Tony said, hanging his head, "Sorry, Pepper, but no, seriously, I am in trouble.""What now?" Pepper said. "Did you break my company, Tony? Have you been taunting Loki? Are you dying again? I told you not to taunt the Norse gods!""No, no," Tony said. "It's worse than all those things, even Loki.""Just because you haven't had a confrontation with him recently doesn't mean you should go in search of some thrill-seeking—""You missed the news last week, didn't you? Anyway, bygones, it's not Loki, it's emotions."Things went muffled for a moment, like Pepper was holding the receiver away from her, but he still heard h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts

