Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
HERE WE GO, GUYS!book two, up!i got so much planned. you guys better buckle up.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

PROLOGUE
Wednesday, May 23, 2017  11:03 AM  WSC Headquarters, DCWilla Hanover was many things. Stern, decisive, fair. But most importantly, she was efficient. She made the logical choices, the ones conducive to building for a better tomorrow.  She stared down at the Council floor. Perseus Jackson sat at the simple, dark wood table, his posture perfectly straight, his chin parallel to the floor. He was a man of few words, businesslike and blunt. Something she could appreciate. He made no time for jokes, for offhand comments, never tried to go out of his way to prove a point.   I have nothing to prove,  his face screamed. His voice never wavered when he spoke, he took objections and arguments in stride. Clean-cut, accomplished, adaptive.  Maybe Willa was biased, but she was confident that he was exactly the man they were looking for.  “Your resume is quite impressive, Mr. Jackson,” She notes, paging through the stapled document.  He dipped his chin in a short nod, leaning down slightly into the microphone. “Thank you.”  “You have worked for the Council before,” A touch of surprise in her voice. But it was right there, on the very top of the first page. “Our specialized Hazardous Search and Rescue Department.” Another nod.  Willa quietly closed the manilla folder. “You joined up almost straight out of high school. You invested two years of your life into leading that team. Commendation after commendation, you were getting promoted left and right. You were on the fast track to a great career. Why did you leave?”  Jackson was silent for a second, his brow furrowed. He brought his hands up onto the desk, folded. “The Battle of New York.” He said quietly. Willa’s eyebrows raised. “When the Chitauri came down, I wasn’t there.” He continued. “I was halfway across the world, so far away from civilization with my search team that I didn’t even know my apartment building had been leveled until I came back and saw it myself.”  He blinked a couple times, then looked back towards her. “I personally spent three months pulling bodies out of the rubble. People of all ages, genders, races, socioeconomic backgrounds. There was no discrimination in that attack. When the Chitauri came, they came for all of us.” Jackson’s voice got stronger, lost the slight waver. “And we never even saw them coming.”  “I got offered a job with SHIELD. I… I knew that’s what they dealt with. Aliens, and all that. I wanted to be ready. If another attack came, I wanted to do whatever I could to stop it before it happened. I never wanted to have to spend that much time moving bodies, ever again. And SHIELD was my way to that.” Willa cleared away any emotion from her throat. “That’s very commendable, Mr. Jackson.” Her voice was thick. The Chitauri invasion weighed heavily on everybody's minds, still. You couldn’t walk a block in New York without stumbling across some form of memorial. It was a dark stain on their history; not a single person escaped unaffected.  He gave her a short, barely there smile. There wasn’t much heart in it, but she couldn’t really blame him. “That’s kind of you to say.”  “Of course. And you worked for SHIELD for… how long, exactly?” “Almost three years. I quit in December of 2014.” The answer was automatic, probably something he had been asked many times. Willa made a quick note in the margins, brow furrowing. “December of 2014, you said?” “Yes.”  Willa looked up at him, scrutiny evident in her gaze. “The attack at the Triskelion and the uncovering of SHIELD’s infiltration both happened… not even a month later. Your track record at SHIELD was impressive. Not a single failed mission, up until the very end. Your last field operation.”  Jackson raised a single dark brow. He leaned forward to the mic. “Is that a question, Councilwoman?”  “Yes it is, Mr. Jackson. Up until then, you were spotless. Glowing recommendations. You left just weeks before SHIELD was taken down from the inside. I have your last mission report, here. It is vastly different from the ones of your team lead and fellow agents, is it not?” A moment of silence. Jackson seemed to be collecting himself, a pinched look on his face. He looked almost… angry. Oddly enough, though, it didn’t seem to be directed at her. “I don't quite appreciate what you are inferring, Councilwoman.” Willa opened her mouth to speak, but Jackson rolled on. “I don’t appreciate it, but I understand it. I left SHIELD after I raised alarms about infiltrations, about spies, and nobody listened to me. I left SHIELD after I found out all the shady shit they were doing.  I left SHIELD after my own team leader attempted to murder me in cold blood because I stuck my nose where I shoudn’t have.” His voice was hard, his face dark. “I left SHIELD because I weighed my options. I knew something was wrong,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Percy Jackson & Tony Stark
Percy Jackson & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Annabeth Chase & Percy Jackson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Percy Jackson

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Past Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Tony Stark
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Brazilian Percy Jackson
Hawaiian Percy Jackson
Bisexual Percy Jackson
Demisexual Percy Jackson
Angst
Sorry guys
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
BAMF Pepper Potts
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Trans Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
BAMF Percy Jackson
Powerful Percy Jackson
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Gay Bucky Barnes
Protective Percy
Protective Tony Stark
Bloodbending
bucky up guys
you thought the last one was bad?
well get a load of THIS

fandom: 
Percy Jackson & Tony Stark
Percy Jackson & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Annabeth Chase & Percy Jackson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Percy Jackson

