Chapter 1: Going home.
    




Chapter Text
“Clint, somebody is taking notes on your family.”There was a beat of silence. “What?”“Clint Barton, wife: Laura, daughter: Lila, age 14, son, Cooper, age 16, son, Nate age 6, daughter, deceased- Ni-” ".“Stop.” Kate could hear him swallow and the fear in his voice he was trying to hide.“What, how’d…? No, it doesn’t - Kate, get out of there  now .”







Clint wasn’t used to Kate being so quiet, normally she was talking fast, about everything, constantly, but as they sat on the back of the ambulance she was silent.He didn’t blame her, not at all, her mom had just been taken away, it was clear that they weren’t close, Clint hadn’t liked Eleanor from how she talked to Kate, and that was before they found out she was what Kate would call a ‘bad guy’, but she was Kate’s mom. Clint gently nudged her with his shoulder, when she looked up at him she didn’t have her usual stubbornness, her fight, she looked so young, but then she was little more than a kid. “You did good, kid,” he told her, not for the first time. He knew his face had several cuts on it, but he’d had that before, Kate had some and that worried him more, she had several cuts on her face, and the paramedic had said she had a concussion. “You sure you don’t need to go get checked out by the docs?” She shook her head and grimaced, “I’m good.”“That’s not exactly what they said, they just said that they couldn’t force you to go.”“Clint, seriously, I’m okay. Well, not okay okay, but I’m okay… you know what I mean.”Clint frowned, but as he had also declined to go to the hospital it wasn’t like he could take her, or even force her to go. “I’m proud of you, Katie, not for refusing to get check out, but for the rest of it… thank you.”Kate ducked her head to hide the smile which took over her face, she forced herself to her feet, “We should go walk Pizza Dog.”  


Kate took Lucky on a walk by herself when they go back to the ‘safehouse’, telling Clint he should probably pack, he had a long drive back, she was hoping that when she got back he would be gone, a note would be nice, but she wasn’t sure if she’d be able to stay strong saying bye to him in person. She tried not to think too hard as she walked, but like that ever worked, she tried not to focus on Clint, instead she forced herself to think of less heartbreaking matters, like wondering where Yelena was now, and where Kate would live once her distant aunt returned, if her bank cards would work now her mother was arrested, maybe she could find a place another another Pizzeria, or she could go for different takeout, Thai, or Chinese perhaps?  Lucky stopped walking before Kate did, the latter not realising that they were home again, or that Clint was leant against the wall near to a car, frowning at her. He held his hand out and Kate realised it was for the dog’s leash, of course he was taking the dog, the dog preferred Clint, anyway. “I thought you’d be gon-” “You were gone for a while.”Kate was cut off by Clint, who seemed to be determined to get an answer despite not asking a question, he was still frowning, Kate gave a half shrug, “Yeah, I just, I think I needed some time, I guess.” This seemed to be enough for Clint who was still staring at her, as though lost in the past, “I’m guessing you should probably go, you can probably still make it in time for Christmas.” “We .”Kate paused, confused, “Oh yeah, I meant like you and Lucky, I just-”“And you .”He spoke slowly as though worried she’d withstood some serious brain damage or something, she tilted her head to the side, not disproving that theory.“What? Do you think I’d leave you alone on Christmas? While you’ve got a concussion, and who knows what else? Nah, you’re coming with.”She opened her mouth to protest and he held up his hand.“Laura will  literally kill me if I don’t bring you... Maybe when you’re feeling better I can help train you, the world needs more heroes, kid.” Kate stood wordlessly for a second, then let out an honest to god squeal, “You’re serious? You’ll train me? And I can spend Christmas at your house and-?” “Katie,” “Don’t call me that,” she said out of habit. Clint smirked mischievously, “Katie , go pack up, I got most of it, but you’re messy so go check make sure I haven’t left anything. If you want to come back here when you’re aunt comes back I can drive you, or… whatever.” Kate didn’t bother to figure out what ‘whatever’ meant, and worried if she stood there for much longer she’d talk Clint out of taking her.   


Clint shotgunned a coffee as he waited for Kate, she shouldn’t take too long, he’d grabbed anything of hers she’d left, they had already collected things from her old apartment the other day, so there shouldn’t be anything, except maybe from her old house, but he could bring her back in the new year for that. He sent a text to Laura, telling her that he’d convinced Kate to come back, and was somewhat surprised when she called him back. “Hey babe, I thought you’d be asleep.” “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Laura Barton & Kate Bishop
background yelena belova/Kate bishop - Relationship

freeform: 
clint barton is kate bishops bio dad
Dad Clint Barton
eventual kate/yelena
kidnapped kate bishop (past)
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
clint barton is kate bishops biological father
Getting to Know Each Other
Deaf Clint Barton
nicole barton - Freeform
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
First Fic of 2022
the title is from skinny love by bon iver
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
background Kate/Yelena
mostly focusing on the family ngl
Nightmares
childhood neglect
Childhood Abuse
mom laura barton
parental laura barton
Parental Clint Barton
no beta we die like tony stark... and natasha romanoff... and steve's dumb ending

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Laura Barton & Kate Bishop
background yelena belova/Kate bishop - Relationship

