Chapter 1: Chirality
    




Chapter Text
It was not so long ago, she thought, that the great throne hall of Gladsheim had been full of the worthies of Asgard for another coronation.  That day they had been roaring, stamping their feet, clapping their hands in delight under the flapping red-and-gold banners of the brother who would have been Crown Prince.  Now, they still cheered, but even her ears could pick out the discordant note, the sound of uncertainty.  Things had happened so quickly – too quickly – were still happening at a speed that made Sif wonder just how far they would plummet until at last they were caught and stopped.
“Are you ready?”
She looked up from where she’d been examining her shadowy reflection in the polished stone floor (fitting that what she could see was darkness, they seemed close to falling into it) and looked over at her queen.  If she would smile for nothing else today, she would smile for Frigga, who only sought to keep the realms she loved so dearly intact.
It was a good plan they had hatched, too.  If it worked, it would be an even better plan.
“I am, my queen,” she replied.  Sif did not fidget, or fuss with her outfits.  She had broken herself of these nervous tics one by one, not wanting to give away any tells to those who were not her friends.  But the urge to fuss with the plaited cloth-and-leather that wound up her arms under gold bracers was strong, the desire to smooth unusually sweaty palms over thighs covered by a dress made of the finest fabrics in any of the nine realms almost enough to make her give in.
Almost, but not quite.  Sif was a warrior of Asgard, a shield-maiden who had proved wrong all those who dared say she was unworthy to carry her glaive and shield and unworthy to serve the king.  She would not let herself break that image, that knowledge of herself, on this or any day.  Frigga, though, had an uncanny sense for when someone was in distress and simply smiled at her, resting a hand on Sif’s arm lightly.
“It will be all right,” she said.  “Nobody will have anything ill to say of you or your bravery on this day.”
“This is not the sort of valor I had hoped for, my lady.”
“I know.”  Frigga let her hand drop and took a breath, and Sif watched as the woman’s shoulders came back and the head that had been bowed under the apparent weight of a diadem cunningly wrought in the shape of a heron’s crest lifted proudly.  Before her stood a queen, where before had been a woman.  “But it is still valorous to do what you have agreed to, do not doubt that.  And never doubt that I love and care about you as though you are one of my own.”
“Truly, I will be one of your own ere long,” Sif replied, and they both laughed, the sound too nervous in the cavernous space.
“Do you remember?”
“When you have taken your place on the dais,” Sif recited.  “I will go to the top of the ledge, wait a full breath, and then approach.  Slow, measured steps, not...” she recalled the words Frigga had used before “…galloping ahead like a warhorse.”
“Just as we practiced,” Frigga reminded her.  “Remember to breathe.”
Then Tyr was approaching to escort the queen through the curtains to the heart of Gladsheim, and with a last smile Frigga vanished through them, and Sif was left behind.  A breeze stirred the cloth lazily and she approached unto the final set, weighted so they did not billow so much.  Though the ridge of stairs before her blocked most of her sight she could see the throne dais.  She really did not need to; quiet settled on the hall as soon as Frigga, regal as ever, took her place.
Her head buzzed as she ascended the steps between the antechamber opening and the ledge that ringed this part of the hall, where only the peerage could stand.  Above, in two and three tiers, were others who had privilege enough to be nominally in Gladsheim but not so close.  Arrayed outside – behind her, stretching far out into the parade courtyard before the palace, were the many thousands who had assembled this day.  Sif had stood before them all, but never like this – never in a silk gown embroidered heavily in green and gold, with the gold ceremonial armor and the whole trappings of what she was to become hence.  But she schooled her face and paused on the ledge, as a sigh rippled through the assembly.  Frigga had spoken truly; she looked the part, if she was in turmoil inside.
The rustling approval grew as she made her way to the dais, but Sif looked neither left nor right, she held her head high, and focused only on the green cape rippling down from the shoulders of the one she would take her place beside.  His banners flew from the heights today alongside the scarlet-and-gold of the house of Odin, green and gold and bearing his sigil, and placed above the flag of the realm – the king was in residence, it said.  Sif remembered her etiquette lessons, though she’d taken them but hatefully at first, then less so at Frigga’s gentle insistence.
She was at the base of the dais now, though – when had she r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Sif
Frigga/Odin
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
plotholes big enough to fly a quinjet through
realmhopping yey
weird visions
cosmic One Ring
gratuitous use of Central Park

fandom: 
Loki/Sif
Frigga/Odin
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

