Chapter 1: The Day Everything Changed
    




Chapter Text
 



PART ONE




THE BEGINNING



In his friend's embrace, the world stood still. There was no time, no wind, and no rain. Nothing else seemed to matter. Peter's mind was at peace for the first time in his life. In the end, everything began to disappear in front of him, and Peter could only watch. 
He held tightly onto MJ and Ned with all his might. All around him, the world swirled, but his two dear friends grounded him. Their embrace was brief but definite: Everlasting and unforgettable. He would never forget them. They would haunt him until the day he undoubtedly died, and even then, they still wouldn't leave him.
The other Spidermen disappeared in a flash of light, along with the villains that had come to their world. They were like brothers to him, for better or worse. They shared a bond that few people could ever hope to understand. Wherever they would return to, Peter hoped they would be happy. Far happier than he would ever be. 
His world exploded, and he could no longer feel the tight and familiar arms of his friends. He felt ripped from them like a destructive tornado barreling through the countryside. Clouds gathered all around him, silver-fade, from the strongest gray to softest whites.
He could hear voices all around him. They were whispering, disembodied voices emanating from all around him, calling his name in slurs. It was like they were the cries of the dead reaching out their pale hands to greet a loved one they yearned to see again. Whether they were calling out to Peter in good spirit or not, it didn't seem to matter. 
But then, all at once, there was nothing.
You can never really picture what nothing is until you've experienced it. There was no sound, no light, no smells. At that moment, the world itself seemed to cease to exist. 
All he knew was the darkness that took over him.
For a few moments, he felt like he was floating through the air. It was like Peter jumped out of an airplane without a parachute or swung through the streets of New York City on his webs. But then, his body slammed to the ground and splattered against the concrete in a heap.
When he opened his eyes, he was lying on the familiar cement sidewalk outside his Queens Apartment. All around him, people in the crowded city sidewalk moved as if unseeing hands dragged them this way and that, pulling their eyes to one thing and then another. They respond in predictable ways, each to achieve for the day. Their faces glued to their phones with a cup of ice coffee in hand.
None of them know who he is. No one did: Not anymore.
Peter Parker no longer existed. Maybe that's how it always should have been.
He pushed himself off of the ground, his muscles spasming. His arms and legs were still littered with cuts and bruises from the fight. He wasn't wearing his suit. Instead, he wore a graphic t-shirt, jeans, and zip-up hoody. The young boy must have looked like some gang beat him up to anyone watching. He was barely standing, wincing with every step he took.
Peter's eyes roamed all around him until they landed on a familiar DVD player lying next to him.
Strange. 
What was it doing out here?
He picked it up off of the cracked, simmering sidewalk and dusted off the dirt that had formed on it. He looked at his apartment complex and debated walking in. With conviction and a shake of his head, he walked towards the door. Every step felt like his body was on fire. Blood still leaked from his face, and it covered him from head to toe in sweat. He could tell; the fight cracked a few of his ribs. He would have to wait to check how bad it was in his apartment. 
It would suck if everyone he knew forgot him, only for him to die.
There was so much that he was going to have to do. And he wasn't sure where to even start. He would have to find a new apartment, a new suit, and a social security number. He had no idea how he would achieve any of these things. He had no money, so it wasn't like he could buy himself a new identity.
Maybe, he should contact the Avengers. They didn't know who he was, but perhaps he could explain what had happened. That is if they didn't shoot him first.
He looked around him more and saw an expensive car parked outside his house. It looked like Happy's car. But of course, it couldn't be because Happy didn't know who he was. He would have no reason to be in Queens. 
Strange.
His Aunt May was dead, leaving his apartment very much empty. He could grab anything he needed from the home to take with him. He hoped his things were still there. Knowing his luck, they probably disappeared along with everyone's knowledge of him.
 It took him a few minutes to gain the courage to enter the door of the small apartment where he grew up. He breathed in and out to prepare himself for what lay beyond.
 
The apartment was like a scrapbook of everything from his life. Pictures littered on the walls of him and his Aunt. Legos crammed in strange places and empty takeout containers s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Slow Burn
Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Post-Spider-Man: Far From Home
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Doctor Strange Multiverse of Madness - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Time Travel

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker

