Work Text:
“Hey Steve!”Steve tried to ignore Bucky and continue typing up his paperwork to give to Pepper so she could give it to the Stark Industries board members and explain why exactly the corporate plane had damage to the wing after he crashed into it with the team Quinjet. “Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve-“Steve let out a sigh and turned around to look at the couch Bucky was hanging over the back of, arms crossed over the back with his chin resting on his folded arms. “What, damn it?”Bucky gave him an innocent little smile (Steve knew better than to fall for it) and widened his eyes. “Steve, wanna watch a movie with me?” he asked, and Steve gave him a flat look.“Do you not see what I’m going?” he asked and Bucky gave him an exaggerated pout.“But Steeeeve,” he complained. “No!” Steve argued. “It’s your own fault I’m stuck doing this instead of watching a movie with you-““But I’m bored,” Bucky groaned, flopping backwards on the couch, disappearing from Steve’s view. Steve could see him kicking his leg up over the back of the couch with a huff, though. “I’m not allowed in the range, and I’m not allowed in the gym, and Bruce told me to fuck off when I asked him to teach me things,” he complained.Steve snorted. “Watch a movie on your own then.”Bucky sat up again and gave Steve a teasing pout. “But I wanna watch a movie with my best pal, not alone-““Then you shouldn’t have convinced me to steal the Quinjet,” Steve said and Bucky rolled his eyes. “Steve, I didn’t ‘convince’ you-““You did too, you always get me in trouble and then act like you don’t-“Bucky gaped. “That’s a flat out lie, Steven.” He hopped up to stand on his knees on the couch, leaning over the back. “You always get me in trouble, you come up with dumb ideas and I go along with them-““You suggested you knew how to land the Quinjet when I only know how to fly it and then you lied about that!” Steve argued and Bucky rolled his eyes.“I did know how to land it, you just suck at listening to instructions,” he said as if explaining to a small child. “C’mon, Stevie,” he groaned. “You’re not still mad at me for that-““Hell yeah I’m still mad at you.” Steve turned back to the laptop. “I’m the one that has to face Pepper about it.”Bucky made a face. “It’s only cause I told her to stop lookin’ at your ass and she hates me for embarrassing her. You’d think dating Tony Stark, she’d never get embarrassed about anything, nonetheless getting caught lookin’ at a guys ass.” He shrugged, looking out the window. “I’m not embarrassed about lookin’ at a guys ass.” He sighed dramatically, pouting some as he looked out the window. “I wish I could go outside,” he decided and Steve rolled his eyes.“You know you can’t go out alone, we’ve explained it-“Bucky made an exaggerated whine and slumped so far over the back of the couch his hands laid uselessly on the floor. “I know, I know, ‘mass hysteria’, ‘people will wanna arrest you’, ‘can’t stand the thought of you on trial for terrorism’, blah blah blah.” He apparently decided to be a complete child, in Steve’s opinion, and allowed himself to slide all the way over the back of the couch and rolled head over heels to lay on the floor, splayed out on his back. “It’s like living with my parents all over again. I can’t do anything without getting’ in trouble.” He turned his head to look at Steve upside down. “I’m a god damn master assassin, the guy people have nightmares about, I should be the one people are scared of, not the one that gets in trouble for havin’ some fun.”Steve couldn’t help the way he smiled at Bucky’s childish behavior. “Bucky, we all know you’re not the Winter Soldier anymore. Nobody’s scared of you. And you’re not a child that’s grounded, Buck.” He gave him an apologetic look. “It’s for your own safety, you know that, right? We just want you to be safe.”Bucky puffed out his cheeks as he took a deep breath and then let out in a huff. “Yeah, yeah.” He reached out and curled his hand around Steve’s ankle beside the leg of the chair. “I know, Pal. I know.” He stroked at Steve’s anklebone absently. “I’m just so bored. Swear to God, I near bout miss working at the docks I’m so bored.”Steve sighed. “Okay, give me another ten or fifteen minutes and we can watch a movie, okay?” he asked and Bucky smiled up at him, eyes twinkling happily. Steve rolled his eyes. “You’re gonna be the death of me.”Bucky shrugged. “As long as you’re not the death of yourself again, you stupid Punk,” he said in a threatening tone. Steve just rolled his eyes, because this was an old argument by now and Bucky just loved reminding Steve that he still hadn’t forgiven him for crashing the plane in 1945 or stopping fighting the Winter Soldier in the carrier that was crashing. “Sure, Buck. Whatever you say,” he said absently, going back to typing.When Steve finished, Bucky wasted no time hopping up and grabbing him – without waiting on him to grab shoes – and dragging him out of their apartment. They went up to the main floor so they could us
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Fluff
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
True Love
Adorable
Social Media
Domestic
Domestic Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

