Work Text:

 “So, listen,” Tony Stark was saying. “I could really use some hand-to-hand training. Just in case Iron Man can’t get to me in time, you know. Plus I think it would be good for my fitness.”

“Couldn’t you have asked Iron Man?”

“That might be a bit difficult,” Tony said, a little guiltily.

“Ah,” said Steve. “I think I understand what you mean.” Tony shot him a startled look, and Steve made a zipping motion across his lips.

*

He’d first noticed it when he’d had one of his meetings with Stark about the allocation of funds, and had seen that his desktop wallpaper was a stylised “pop-art” representation of the Iron Man helmet. He knew Stark had designed the suit, of course, but he’d designed a lot of things, surely? It seemed a little odd. And why build the suit and not wear it himself? Once the idea was in his head, he’d started picking up on all kinds of things, like the way Stark talked about Iron Man with such affection, and seemed to share so many of his mannerisms, and was constantly working on ways of improving the suit. It was obvious.

Tony Stark was in love with Iron Man.

The only problem was, Iron Man didn’t seem to reciprocate. He’d tested the waters a little:

“So, I had a meeting with your boss today.”

“Oh, yeah?” Iron Man had said without enthusiasm (Steve had figured out Iron Man’s tones of voice, despite the distortion. The others kept having to ask him whether Iron Man was being sarcastic or not).

“Nice guy.”

“He’s okay.”

Steve had thought the idea over a little more, and the more he thought about it, the more it intrigued him. He considered Iron Man his closest friend, now, but could he imagine having any kind of physical attraction to him? It was difficult; he saw Iron Man as asexual. Then again, the man inside probably wasn’t. He thought about that for a second. He’d never really given much thought to what the guy might look like, underneath the armour. He’d always just been Iron Man. But maybe Tony Stark knew - well, he’d hired the guy, right? More likely, he’d recruited someone he already knew. Maybe he’d had feelings for the guy before the Iron Man suit even existed. Maybe... maybe he’d even  built  the suit as a gesture? Some sort of love token? Steve felt his heart break for Tony Stark, a little, at that. He tried again, with Iron Man.

“So, you’ve known Tony Stark for a while, huh?”


“Why are you so interested in Tony Stark all of a sudden?” - Steve thought Iron Man sounded amused, but it was unusually hard to tell.

“Uh,” said Steve, “no reason.” He could feel himself going pink, and mentally shook himself. This wasn’t his secret to reveal. “So... I guess he knows your secret identity, right?”

Iron Man just turned his faceplate towards him, saying nothing. He used it as a method of intimidation, sometimes, but with Steve it was more like the equivalent of raised eyebrows.

“Sorry, sorry,” said Steve. “Didn’t mean to pry. Just curious.”

*

He’d made a few overtures towards Stark, after that. He felt sorry for him. He was still going to try and drop hints to Iron Man about it, but he didn’t hold out much hope. Of course, he respected Iron Man’s choice, and Iron Man clearly knew Stark much better than Steve did, but he didn’t really  understand. He was pretty sure that, in Iron Man’s shoes, he would at least consider it. Stark was matinee idol good-looking, rich, and, it turned out, pretty pleasant to spend time with. He started out just casually mentioning that he was getting lunch after one of their meetings, and inviting him to come along, and it gradually became a more and more regular thing, and now they were in the middle of their first hand-to-hand session.

Tony still seemed a little perturbed at what Steve had said earlier, but they’d dropped the subject, and now Steve was watching him weave. His form was bad, but he was fit, and he had a kind of innate grace. And he was definitely... flexible. Steve looked at the play of muscles under Tony’s skin. Iron Man was really missing out. Of course, maybe Iron Man was just heterosexual, but Steve had got the impression that people these days were a lot more open about being sexually fluid. Steve always had been, and he assumed he wasn’t so unusual - he knew plenty of guys in the army who fooled around with each other but had girls back home. No accounting for taste, he thought idly, as he easily dodged another of Tony’s punches.

*

“So,” he said to Iron Man that evening. “I had a sparring session with Tony Stark earlier today.”

“Okay, Cap, we can stop playing this game now,” said Iron Man.

“You... you know?”

“You weren’t exactly subtle about it,” said Iron Man.

“Oh,” said Steve, “sorry,” and then, “so, what do you think?”

Iron Man gave the vague impression of shrugging. “No harm done, I guess,” he said cryptically. Well, Steve knew a deflection when he heard one. It was probably time to let the matter drop.

*

If anything, Tony got friendlier with him after that - invited him to play basketball and tennis w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Iron Man/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Warning: silliness
Identity Porn
This is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Iron Man/Tony Stark

