Chapter 1: intern director of stark industries
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker was the heir to Stark Industries. The papers had been drawn up. Tony had signed, as the official owner of SI. Pepper had signed, the exhausted CEO, happy to hand over the legacy. Aunt May had signed, the guardian. The only one who hadn’t signed yet was Peter, the unknowing heir.Peter had worked as an unofficial intern for over two years. His official title, if anyone asked, was Tony Stark’s personal intern, but he worked in the R&D labs to help out the other interns regularly and knew a lot of the interns fairly well. Anyone of the SI Employees who had met Peter had spoken highly of him: polite, funny, slightly shy until he became more comfortable with the environment and started to show his prowess. Once he got used to the labs, he was happy to walk around and dabble in people’s projects, giving them needed assistance. The interns were smart — they had to be, to get into the program. But Peter Parker had a subtle intelligence that was incomparable to any of the other interns. They should loathe him, for being a high school kid and smarter than any of them, but he was too damn nice to hate. It was for all these reasons that there was a protocol within Stark Industries called the Young Boss Protocol. It was only to be implemented if both Pepper Potts and Tony Stark were both in emergency situations, and needed someone to take over Stark Industries for a period of time. Peter Parker would immediately become head of command, taking his rightful position as the Heir. Peter, of course, had no clue about either of these: being the heir or the Young Boss protocol. Every time Tony tried to bring it up with Peter, he chickened out. The kid was so unbelievably ignorant of the entire situation, despite being a literal genius. He’d assumed some whispers about being the heir would have trickled down, but nothing. Pepper and May had left the subject to Tony to encroach upon. Tony had eventually, after much dabbling, brought it up with Peter when they’d been tinkering on Mark 62, the latest Iron Man suit.“Pepper and I have been thinking,” Tony had said, spinning a spanner in his hand loosely. “How do you feel about maybe…having a bigger role in Stark Industries?” Peter looked at him with a grin, attention shifted from the helmet he was tinkering with. “Like…an intern?” An intern. Tony was supposed to be telling the Kid that he was the heir to the company, and he thought he was going to be an intern. He wanted to chuckle. Pepper had agreed that it was better to tell Peter earlier than later. Hell, everyone else pretty much could tell that Peter was the future of Stark Industries. From the way he could casually walk into the intern labs and solve equations without spending more than a second looking at it, and from the endless amount of official projects he had cut budgets on by solving problems, it was clear. His selfless nature left everyone else in awe, and Peter was still coming out of those situations thinking he’d done the normal thing, just to help people out. Tony smiled at him, “I was thinking a little more like Intern Director.” He couldn’t just drop the whole ‘heir’ thing on Peter quite yet. The kid would probably faint on the spot, especially if he’d been so excited about just being a proper intern. They’d have to phase up to it. That was okay - that was what the Young Boss protocol was supposed to be for, anyways. To get Peter used to being in control of Stark Industries.“Intern director?” Peter’s mouth fell open, and he somehow managed to knock the tub of Stark Raving Hazelnuts ice cream onto the floor. They’d had a mini fridge and freezer installed in the lab ever since Tony found out that Peter was significantly more efficient and more creative if he constantly snacked on something. Also, the both of them managed to forget that their bodies needed food to function, and would just work for nine hours before collapsing from hunger they hadn’t noticed. The ice cream was a favourite of Peters, so Tony made sure he kept a permanent stock of it in the freezer, amongst other things. When Ben and Jerrys had asked if Tony wanted to discontinue the flavour (as it was only supposed to be a limited edition), he’d arranged for their creative team to meet Peter, who had begged the entire company to keep it going. There had been tears: it had worked surprisingly well, and the director of Ben and Jerrys had agreed to continuing Stark Raving Hazelnuts after meeting Peter, possibly out of fear. It had then quickly become a permanent flavour, and Tony had silently thanked the lord. He didn’t want to live in a world where Peter’s favourite ice cream flavour was discontinued. “Yeah, kid. You’d be looking over the interns, keeping them on track. If they have any requests or demands that override their intern head, they can come to you.” Technically, that would be part of Peter’s role once he became the fully-fledged boss, so Tony wasn’t lying. An int
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Stark Industries Employee Peter Parker
Peter Parker is the heir of Stark Industries
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Stark Industries
Protective Tony Stark
Genius Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Heir
Tony Stark Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker Loves Tony Stark
/gen this is all slash gen in this house no romance here
well except maybe mj
oh shit I forgot mj
wow that's a lot of tags
Irondad
spiderson
BAMF Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

