Work Text:
There’s a pencil-lead thin callous along Clint’s forearm. It’s where the bow just barely slides along the skin when he doesn’t wear his guard, which is more often than it should be. Because he’s supposed to wear his guard at all times.“Oh, please,” he huffs when Coulson comes down to remind him. “I’ve been shooting my whole damned life, Coulson. I know what I’m doing.”“Full uniform when practicing,” Coulson replies. “I don’t want your aim off because you slapped on your guard for the first time in a week. Coulson meets Clint’s glare with a raised eyebrow. “Agent manual, page 13, paragraph 5, list item 2. Slap it on, and I won’t disparage your abilities again.”Clint huffs a laugh. “Bullshit.”“Not in front of you, at least,” Coulson replies.“Not behind my back, either,” Clint says, and there’s a depth to it. Something very honest and raw, an absolute truth.“You’re not that interesting,” Coulson tells him, holding his smile in check from long, long practice. When you’re the one who recruited the famed Hawkeye, you’re the guy who can keep Hawkeye from seeing you’re pleased he trusts you.“I absolutely am.” Clint fires an arrow, slings his bow over his shoulder, takes the guard Coulson holds out, snaps it on, and then shoots another arrow. It splits the first down the center. It’s the only way to hit the bullseye, considering the first arrow was already dead center. “And you know it,” he adds as he presses the button to reel in the target.“Sure,” Phil deadpans. He stares, unimpressed, when Clint holds out the target to him. It’s a half-inch of straw with a paper target stapled to the front.“Put it behind your desk,” Clint offers. “Scare the junior agents.”From anyone else, it’d be a goof, but Clint doesn’t offer his arrows easily. He’s been known, in fact, to tell certain handlers to fuck themselves sideways and eat a bowl of rancid dicks when they’ve tried to order him away from collecting what he’s used during an op. He never tries to collect if they’re tight on time or retaliation, and Phil’s never tried to stop him. There’s a fishbowl half full of spent casings in Phil’s office. He never finds all of them, but he can usually track down some of what he’s used. Sometimes, if he and Clint had been aiming in the same general direction, Clint will come back with a couple extras Phil knows he’d never have spotted on his own.“The junior agents are scared enough,” Phil tells him, but he takes the target with both hands and nods at the perfection of it. “And they’ve never seen you in the field.” Clint grins at Phil, open and comfortable as he loads another arrow and checks his line of sight. “They probably wouldn’t appreciate it.” The arrow goes flying into the new target, and Clint nods at his handiwork. “Appreciate it?”“You’re a badass.” Clint lets another arrow fly, eyes hard on the target. “Junior agents don’t like being out with badasses. They think they’ve got to prove something besides not being morons.”Phil leans against the partition between the columns of the range. “What’d you do?” he asks.“Nothing.”“And there’s a bridge you’d love to show me,” Phil deadpans. He raises his eyebrows when he catches Clint watching him from the corner of his eye, his arrow notched, bowstring taut, but he is absolutely still. “Going for a great price,” Phil adds when Clint stays quiet.“Junior agents are assholes,” Clint tells him. The arrow goes sailing, landing perfectly to complete the half-circle Clint is building into a full one. He’s not going to tell Phil anything, so Phil just shrugs and straightens up.“Keep the guard on.”“Yeah, yeah,” Clint grouses behind him. Phil lets the smile escape just a little as he leaves. Clint can’t see through him to catch him.*It takes Coulson twenty minutes and a few well-placed, mild threats (and the fact that two of the agents are genuinely scared of being tazed makes Phil wonder when S.H.I.E.L.D. allowed recruiting requirements to go so lax) to find out exactly why junior agents are assholes. Junior agents are assholes, it turns out, because they are gossipy little bastards.“And how many people think that that’s how it works?” Coulson asks, voice cool and easy, body relaxed, giving nothing away, but something in his aura is making the agent in front of him have issues cutting his steak.“I don’t know, Agent Coulson.” The agent has a pretty good poker face, but his steak is getting mangled. “Sir.” He adds.“Good lord,” Coulson replies, taking the knife from the agent’s hand. He puts it next to his hand, reaches into his boot, pulls out his field knife, and slices the kid’s steak into bite-sized pieces with four quick incisions. He stands, wiping his knife with the agent’s napkin, before re-sheathing it and walking away. “Get some steel in your belly, kid,” he calls over his shoulder. “Before someone else does it for you.” *“It’s bad enough Thor takes them drinking,” Fury greets him, sitting in Coulson’s desk chair. “Now you’re pulling knives on them?”“Knife. Singular,” Coulson say
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Clint/Coulson - Freeform

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

