Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Kate shuts the trunk of her car as she balances a huge box of blankets in her other arm, propped against her hip. The late summer sun is hot against her skin as she starts walking, and she uses her free hand to pull down her shades to cover her eyes against the brightness.It’s a nice Saturday morning, the city loud from traffic, and children running around, playing on the streets, even in the relatively shabby neighborhood she is in. She smiles at a few of them as they sprint past her.She has missed this city, been gone for over a year and a half, and even though being back brings some mixed emotions, she feels like she is home, at last.She liked California, and she did need to get away when she moved there, but this is where she grew up, and she thinks she is ready to face the demons she left behind here. She opens the door of the facility, pushing her way in.The building is just as busy, as the street she just left behind, people chatting, sitting in the huge waiting area. She pushes the sunglasses up her face, and walks up to the reception, smiling at the kind-faced middle aged woman sitting there.“Good morning darling, I’ll be with you in a moment” the woman says, her eyes crinkle as she smiles at the younger brunette. Kate nods with a smile of her own, and takes in the entrance hall, while the receptionist finishes what she is doing, typing away on her computer.It’s a new building, it was still under construction when she left, and opened its doors while she was away. The walls are painted white, covered in posters of all kinds, offering all sorts of services for those in need, and signs orienting people to the kitchens, the dining hall, and various activity rooms. It looks pristine, but warm, the sunlight streaming through big windows on the upper floors, lighting up the hall.“Welcome to the Hell’s Kitchen F.E.A.S.T Centre, darling. What can I help you with today?” the receptionist asks, turning to Kate when she is finished typing into her computer. She turns to the woman, reading her nameplate, ‘Susan’, and answers.“Hi. I was hoping to volunteer today. Oh, and I also bought some blankets.” She answers, remembering  the box in her arms, raising it slightly, as to show them. The lady, Susan, nods with a smile, and turns back to her computer, pressing a few buttons.“That’s wonderful. Have you volunteered with us before?” and raises her gaze back to Kate, who shakes her head in denial. “Alright, we will quickly fill in some details for the registration, and then I’ll call someone down to show you the ropes. What’s your name, darling?”The brunette is not surprised by the process, but she plans to keep a low profile while she is in the city, both for safety reasons and her own sanity. So she lies.“Kate, Kate Derekson, at your service”Susan’s eyes are on her for a few more moments than necessary, and she can tell that she is being scanned by some type of bullshit-detector and keeps smiling at the woman, hoping it comes across as honest.  The older woman turns back to her computer after a few moments, and starts typing into it again. Kate lets out a breath. She gives her address (or an address at least) and provides one of her fake ID’s to make a photo copy of, and then she is finished. The lady uses the phone on desk to make a quick call, turning back to Kate when she hangs up.“All done, darling! Peter will be here in a moment, and he will show you around. Thank you for volunteering, and welcome to the F.E.A.S.T. team!” she says, her voice warm throughout the entire conversation.“Thank you! I will…wait here.” She answers a bit awkwardly, and stands to the side, her back to the wall next to the reception, but Susan is already chatting with someone else. She is only alone for a few moments, when a brown haired boy, a couple of years younger than her, walks up to her, and extends a hand.“Hi, I am Peter. I’ll show you around.” She passes the box to her other arm and shakes the hand offered.“Hi, I’m Kate…oh, thank you!” she adds, when Peter takes the box from her and starts walking down the far end of  hall.“Oh, don’t mention it. So, to the left is the kitchen. We’ll come back here in a second, after we stash these blankets…Thank you for them by the way, it’s warm now, but in a few weeks, these will come very handy.”Kate smiles at him, nodding along while she takes in everything around her. They pass a number of rooms, and she peers into the ones she can.Some of them are obviously used for some group sessions, with chairs arranged in circles, while others are filled with toys and all kinds of items for kids. She reads the highlights on some of the posters as well, and she is amazed by the range of services here. There are group sessions for people coming back after the Blip, for people who lost others during the event, LGBT youth group, veteran’s meeting, and these are just the few she can read while walking beside Peter.“This place is amazing…How long have you volunteered here?”He smi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Action/Adventure
Eventual Romance
Eventual Smut
Sexual Tension
They are young and horny what can I say
Angst with a Happy Ending
Spiderman has a very minr role in it just seems like a waste not to let them run into each other
Yelena is definitely not ace or aro in this
set after the S1 finale
Canon Compliant
Flirting
kind of a take on what season 2 of Hawkeye could look like
if it was R rated for violence (and sex)

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

