Chapter 1: Maiden Name Howlett
    




Chapter Text
Clint had met Laura in the early days of his S.H.I.E.L.D. employment, when he’d been getting a good reputation. He’d quickly fallen in love with her and married her. Her father couldn’t come to the wedding, so her older brother, Logan Howlett, had given her away instead. Clint had never actually met the old man but he knew the kids had.
Cooper and Lila both told him that Grumps, as they called their grandfather, lived out in the countryside and that he was “really old”. Clint brushed it off as that. Besides, he had his job to do. He did his missions, came home, and often went back to base. Laura ran the farm just fine with the kids.
When the data-dump happened, Clint discovered that Fury had taken his “I want my family safe” statement seriously.
They’d been off the books.

***
That wasn’t quite what happened.
***
That night, six HYDRA agents had slipped into the Barton homestead.Laura had woken the minute they came near.
They climbed in through the window, but they never walked out.
Cooper and Lila had woken upon hearing the commotion downstairs, and rushed down to see what it was.
The next morning, six mauled adult corpses were carried out of the house and loaded into the back of a truck. Laura stood with her arms folded as her two children sat on the couch, between Storm and Jean, looking around at the mess of the living room. Tables were broken, picture frames were shattered, blood decorated the walls, curtains, and carpet.
‘So what happened?’ Laura asked.
‘You can relax,’ Kitty Pryde said from where she was hacking into the databanks – made easier by the fact that said databanks were now online. ‘Your cover’s fine. Seems Rogers and Romanoff found out that HYDRA had infiltrated S.H.I.E.L.D. and,’ her voice took on a sarcastic tone, ‘like the sensible people they are, they decided to dump S.H.I.E.L.D.’s entire databank online.’ Her voice took on the normal tone again. ‘Your house was targeted because you’re the family of a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent and no other reason.’
‘Great,’ Laura drawled. ‘And how many people are dead because Rogers is computer illiterate and Nat’s a spiteful idiot?’
‘A lot less than would be otherwise,’ Charles said. ‘Mr. Stark, who was not informed of the issue, threw himself into saving as many true S.H.I.E.L.D. agents and civilians as he could as soon as the data dropped. He opened his doors to them and, in some cases, has offered them new employment in his company.’ He looked over. ‘Kitty’s working the system so it looks like your family was simply off the books.’
‘Can just tell Barton you wanted to redecorate,’ Logan said as he tore up the bloody carpet.
‘Why the hell didn’t they call Tony Stark?’ Laura asked. ‘Isn’t he the tech guy?’ She paused. ‘Hold on, I know the answer to that. Nat spends so much time harping on his ego that I’d say her ego was the problem.’
‘Well, she has got one of the biggest egos I ever saw,’ Logan remarked. ‘And Rogers ain’t much better.’
‘I’ll take your word for it,’ Laura said. ‘I’ve never met him.’
‘You probably will later,’ Logan grumbled.
Scott sighed. ‘Well, one way or the other, the kids have manifested. We’re going to need to bring them to the school.’ He looked at Laura. ‘Is the plan still gonna work?’
‘We’ve been good at that,’ Cooper answered instead.
‘Yeah,’ Lila said. ‘We keep telling dad that Grumps is really old.’
Logan gave a snort.
‘Well, you are!’ Lila insisted. ‘You’re like a hundred years old!’
Logan paused and pulled a cigar out of his top pocket. ‘Bit older than that, darlin’.’
Lila giggled.
‘Laura,’ Charles called her attention back. ‘With the collapse of S.H.I.E.L.D., we may soon become compromised. I doubt Fury will just give up, and he may try to rebuild S.H.I.E.L.D. I need you to start looking around for alternate defences.’
‘You mean like Tony Stark?’ Laura asked. ‘You think he’ll help?’
‘He is currently struggling to save people who he does not know and whom ordinarily should mean nothing to him,’ Charles said. ‘I think it highly unlikely that he wouldn’t care about our community. We could test it though.’
Kitty turned. ‘Do you want me to slip the data of the Inhuman Incident to him?’
‘Yes,’ Charles said. ‘That would be an adequate test. We shall see what he does with the information.’
 
Stark Tower, NYMaria Hill had run to Tony Stark for refuge and to make sure he didn’t uncover too much of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s dumped files. Fury had said there was too much in there on Howard and if Stark found it, he might notice something Fury didn’t want him noticing. Maria had seen the data they didn’t want Stark getting to and she could see a definite repetition of history in there. Howard Stark had been regarded and handled much the same way they were regarding and handling Tony Stark.
What Hill wasn’t expecting was for Stark to storm into the small office he’d given her and clap once, bringing up a set of files easily twenty years old. The holograms almost seemed to mock her. Tony was glaring 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Laura Barton
Tony Stark & X-Men Team
Laura Kinney & Tony Stark
Laura Kinney & Logan

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Tony
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Steve Friendly
Not Natasha Friendy
Not Clint Friendly
Not Sam friendly
Tony Stark meets the X-Men
Laura Barton is Laura Kinney
Moderated
Don't Like Don't Read

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Laura Barton
Tony Stark & X-Men Team
Laura Kinney & Tony Stark
Laura Kinney & Logan

