Work Text:
The first time Tony said it was in the lab, and it struck Steve then, too, because his voice changed when he said it, just a little bit.  He was working, they were testing something out with the shield, Steve was hefting it on his arm, giving Tony pointers about the weight, about the way the vibranium handled, and Tony looked up at him and nodded, pen in his mouth, then took it out and said, in all seriousness, “You’re the boss.” It surprised Steve—more than a little, if he was honest, surprised him a lot, to hear those words out of Tony’s mouth, not mocking or teasing at all, but sincere, and about something like the stress points of metal, which was definitely Tony’s area of expertise rather than his.  It surprised a stutter out of him, and he could feel his cheeks heating up, but he swallowed it, tried to push it down, focus on the task at hand. It was just . . . nice to hear. He hadn’t thought Tony thought of him that way.  As the leader, as his leader.  He thought Tony still, even if they’d gotten closer and Steve thought maybe Tony might think of him as a friend, thought of him as a little big for his britches, throwing his weight around.  And the fact that he particularly wanted to impress Tony, maybe, didn’t make that any easier, made Steve feel like a real idiot, showing off like a kid in school or something, like Tony would see through him and think even less of him for how desperate Steve was for a second look. It wasn’t . . . real reassuring. So it stuck with him, a little, the way Tony hadn’t sounded smart-mouthed or mocking at all, had sounded like he meant it.  Tony didn’t call him that a whole lot, or anything, but Steve started to realize that . . . well, maybe things had shifted between them.  Tony would look to him in a fight, follow the orders he gave without a big fuss (unless he thought they were really questionable). “However you like it, boss,” he said flippantly in the kitchen one morning, bending over to start Steve’s coffee for him in the oddly futuristic coffeemaker he kept in the Tower’s kitchen, and Steve found his attention caught not just by the words, but by the curve of Tony’s rear end as he bent over and stuck it out. It was a really nice rear, and—okay, so Steve was definitely attracted, but it wasn’t his place, to look at Tony like that. He was his team leader and—and Steve wasn’t sure about where Tony's relationship with Ms. Potts was at, but he was certain it wasn’t something he should be shoving his nose into. He was just.  Looking.  It was a really nice rear.  Tony had a really nice— Steve firmly dragged his thoughts away from Tony’s really nice everything and thanked him as politely as he could for the coffee.  Tony gave him a bit of a strange look, blinking a little, and his mouth twisted, just a bit, and then said, “Sure thing, champ,” and turned away. Steve sighed, looking down at his coffee. The thing was that after a while Tony said it kind of a lot.  On the field. Cooking breakfast for dinner and asking how Steve wanted his eggs done, humming to himself and shaking his hips in a way that had Steve’s mouth going dry and made it hard to answer the question. Asking Steve about alterations to his armor.  When Steve told him what he wanted to watch that night.  And that was another thing—they’d started to sit together, some nights, a tradition, kind of, and watch a few episodes of a TV show, a movie. Sometimes Tony would work while Steve watched, or Steve would draw or read while the television ran on, but it was nice, to have the company, the noise in the background, to hear Tony’s rambling commentary about the show, or have him fire back or tease Steve over his reactions.  Steve got a kick out of making his comments drier and more and more sarcastic, just to see Tony’s eyes light up. As it turned out, Tony and Ms. Potts maybe hadn’t been broken up, or it hadn’t been permanent, or . . . something, because then there was the time it turned into a really serious calling it quits, which Steve realized then he couldn’t possibly have missed, not the way Tony reacted.  Steve didn’t get in on it at the beginning, he’d been out all that day and hadn’t picked up on anything having happened, and he felt guilty for that when Tony missed dinner and Steve went looking for him, only to find Tony engineering drunk in his workshop—the others warned him to stay away, that Tony had been in a hell of a mood all day, but Steve didn’t listen. He wasn’t having any of that, Tony could throw him out himself if he wanted to.  He brought Tony’s dinner with him.  He’d noticed that Tony forgot to eat a lot (and then stuffed his face to make up for it, it couldn’t be good for him).  Besides, Tony needed dinner.  He just . . . did. He got down there to realize that Tony was up to his armpits in something, absolutely covered in grease, which had gotten rubbed all the way through his hair and all over his face.  Steve wasn’t sure what it was he was working on; clearly one of his projec
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
Dom/sub Play
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Steve
Sub Tony
Sub Tony Stark
Trust
Trust Kink
Intercrural Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Bruises
Bathing/Washing
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Praise Kink
Drinking
Excessive Drinking
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

