Chapter 1: Welcome to Sakaar
    




Chapter Text

     No, Loki.
     He’d stared up at his father as he said those words.     No, not his father.     Never his father.     As Odin said those words, he’d realized he was right. It didn’t matter. Nothing he did was going to change the fact that he was a frost giant. Not wiping them out, not being more powerful than Thor, not being the perfect prince, and certainly, not being a king. Nothing. No matter how hard he tried to escape it, he was always going to be a monster. It didn’t matter whether he fell or not because he was always going to be what he was, so why not fall? isn’t that how this story ends? The beast is slain and the heroes rejoice. At that moment, he let go. He did not know what would happen next. He did not care. The void, cold and dark, swallowed him whole.     Loki fell for an awfully long time. He could not breathe. He could not cry nor scream. He wasn’t sure if he was dead or alive.     He woke up surrounded by trash. A fitting metaphor, he’d thought. He spends an hour laughing maniacally until a crazy woman glues a disc to his neck and shocks him unconscious. When he wakes up, he’s strapped to a chair. Loki has woken up strapped to the chair in the past, but the heavy metal clasp attached to his wrist and legs made him think that such a warm welcome was unlikely. He was zipped to a being known as The Grandmaster. Loki didn’t care. The Grandmaster had asked him if he was a fighter. He did not respond. He asked if he was a lover. He did not respond. He asked if he wanted to be melted. He’d laughed at that. It matters not whether I live or die, nothing I do matters. The Grandmaster had laughed at that. The woman next to him had shocked him. That made Loki laugh even harder. The Grandmaster had released him and moved him to a room dressed in yellow and purple. The yellow reminded him of Frigga. It made his heartache until he remembered that it didn’t matter, nothing did.     The following weeks were a blur. His swirly attitude somehow wins him the grandmaster’s favor. He allows the being to feed him, clothe him, even show him off like a prized treasure (something that seems off considering how many others he showers with similar attention). Loki can’t really find it in him to be mad at the attention. It’s nice. it’s on one of these nights that the party turns into an orgy. He’d been to several of the Grandmaster’s orgies before and had always refused to participate. However, being on Sakaar, Loki had found out that pleasure, no matter how fleeting, made forgetting easy. It made forgetting his brother’s angry face, his mother’s terror, his father's disappointment, easy. Why shouldn’t he indulge? He finds an interesting-looking alien to distract himself with. He starts to take him. but he can’t stop staring at The Grandmaster. Watch him take the top off the curvy woman in his lap. The Grandmaster can’t either. No sooner than the man underneath him takes his cock into his mouth. Arms swaddled in gold pull him back and fucks him instead. Fucks him until he’s barely legible. When he wakes up, he’s in a new room, colored in turquoise and gold. A mix of their colors.     It’s around this time that he figures out why he’s called The Grandmaster. He’s very good at games. The game they start to play is very dangerous. The wrong move could have him melted like many of The Grandmaster's pets. Of course, that shouldn’t be a problem. The man is easy to please. He shows up when asked, smiles at the right jokes, asks for the right things. if a part of him enjoys the being’s company, warms at his presence, it’s not hard to push it down. He just reminds himself he’s just playing along to get power and status, to keep himself safe and happy (as happy as he could be). Though occasionally, a voice, one he’d thought died when he fell from the Bifrost, whispers to him, he could be happier if he ruled. The traitorous part of his mind, harder to kill than a cockroach, schemes for it. it never gets far. For there’s another voice, one that whispers ‘no, Loki.’ Reminds him there is no other place for a monster than on Sakaar. He stays, and he continues to play The Grandmaster’s game.     Loki cheats. Of course, he does. He’d been on Sakaar for almost a decade. In that amount of time, he found that the things that made him odd or wrong on Asgard were appreciated, even celebrated here. if not by the Sakaarians, then definitely by En Dwi (he’d whispered to him his real name one of the nights they’d laid together). He likes when Loki cheats. The cleverer, the more delight he seemed to take in it. He liked when Loki played pranks on Sakaar’s elites. Especially one that ended with public executions. He even likes when Loki turns blue, showing his red eyes and heritage lines. En Dwi could be blue too. It’s then that he realizes that En Dwi is very powerful, and very clever despite his outward appearance. I don’t have to be clever on Sakaar, he whispers into Loki's ear while he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki

freeform: 
Sakaar (Marvel)
Asgard (Marvel)
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Protective Siblings
Sibling Rivalry

fandom: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki

