Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Notice: Staff be aware that lab 6A is currently closed, due to structural damage of the blast containment room, and subsequent damage to the lab, which was in the blast range. 



Please use lab 3B’s blast containment room as an alternative. 


Tara furrowed her brows after reading the sign, her glaze flicking up to the window in the door that the note was partially covering. Her brows gathered closer together as she peered in, only to see a white stringy substance that looked vaguely familiar, blocking her view. Sighing, she turned away, headed to the breakroom to get a well-needed cup of coffee. 

She herself worked on floor 5 in lab D but anybody who had been working at Stark Industries knew that the best coffee was from the machine on floor 6. Tara didn’t like elevators and refused to take one, instead opting for the stairs when it was possible. Considering it was only one floor up, she didn’t particularly mind the extra journey she had to take to get to it. However, her eyebrows furrowed again, when she saw the sign that was on the door. 


Notice: Floor 6’s coffee machine is currently experiencing issues and will not correctly make: Espresso Shots, Lattes, anything made with caramel, and oat-milk hot chocolates. Please bug The Kid to come and take a look if you see him. 


And then underneath in messy capitals;


I’m working on it. Leave me alone!!

 
Tara snorted, as she looked into the window and saw The Kid muttering something whilst he glanced around frantically for tools, but then her amusement faded as she realised that she’d have to travel all the way back to floor 2, who came second in the best coffee ranking. 

When she arrived at floor two, she took her time to greet Sophie, who she hadn’t spoken to in a while, and poke her head into Justin’s workstation to ask him to come and have a crack at the problem she was having with her current project, feeling rather productive, despite the fact that she couldn’t remember the last time she had slept, and was using liberal amounts of make-up to hide the bags under her eyes. 

She was finally starting to get frustrated, when she saw another sign hanging on a cabinet door in the breakroom. 


Notice: there are no cookies on this floor, due to the ongoing debate over whether white, or milk chocolate chips should be stored. 


It seemed that Tara’s eyebrows were doing an unusual amount of furrowing today. Letting out another sigh, she placed her mug underneath the machine and pressed the button for the double-shot espresso that she so desperately needed. 

Turning to the fridge, she pressed the heels of her hands into her eye sockets, and willed herself not to bang her head against the door, as she read the sign. 


Notice: Please be aware that there are no milk alternatives on this floor, as they have a tendency to go bad before being used up. Milk alternatives can be found on floor 1, 4, 5 and 6. 


Tara drank her espresso black and without her usual cookie to dunk, before deciding that she should probably go home. She’d been working for about two days straight, anyways.
 
//-//
 
The Kid, as Diego discovered, was just as helpful as he was a nuisance. Diego met him just a few days after he started working at Stark Industries, when he came bursting at full-pelt through the door, and threw something that he faintly registered as being red and definitely on fire, into the blast-containment room. Seconds later there was a small pop, and a vibration through the floor that made his toes tingle.  

Although he hadn’t felt it build, the release of tension in the room was palpable, the minute the door to the blast-containment room was sealed shut. When The Kid burst through the doors a mere eight hours later, it finally dawned on him why everyone in the room became so tense when his mop of brown curls hurtled into the room. If he didn’t make it in time, there was a distinct possibility that they were all going to die. 

Eventually, as Diego found his rhythm in his job as Stark Industries, the fear of being killed by an explosion made by a teenager began to feel less like a heart attack, and more like an eye roll, here we go again sort of panic. 

That was until he came running in, slammed the door shut, only for the explosion to- well, Diego couldn’t really remember exactly what happened. All he knew is that one second he was pouring hydrogen peroxide into a test-tube, and the next second, it was burning through his lower leg, and he was surrounded by a stringy web-like material.


Thank fuck this job gets me fantastic medical insurance 

Diego thought, before passing out and waking up in the hospital, oblivious the the fact that he wouldn’t need to use his fantastic medical insurance if he didn’t have the job in the first place.
 
//-//
 
Kira eyed the substance suspiciously, before reaching out to pull a string of it off of her leg. Well, tried. The substance attached itself to her finger, pulling on the skin as she tried to shake
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Stark Industries Employees

freeform: 
POV Outsider
Stark Industries
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Stark Industries Employee Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Crack
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Crack
Crack and Angst
Humor
Interns & Internships
Intern Peter Parker
Peter Parker Being Resident Cryptid
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Serious Injuries
Identity Reveal
Identity Porn
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Cryptid Peter Parker
Peter Parker is the Cryptid
Peter Parker is a Cryptid
Bamf security guard
Not Canon Compliant
Stan Lee Cameo

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Stark Industries Employees

