Work Text:
Most college students became resident assistants for the added perks of a single room with a monthly paycheck. Phil Coulson, however, became an RA to get experience managing people. It wasn’t the sexiest reason, but it was the truth. Running a floor full of nineteen to twenty-one-year-old guys was enough to be a full-time job in itself, and deep down, Phil loved it. He secretly pretended sometimes that his floor of Stark Hall was his corporation, the residents his employees.He never pretended not to be a dork. He just kept that part to himself.By the time his senior year rolled around, Phil had been an RA in Stark Hall for two years. He’d seen plenty of guys come and go, had a few interesting stories he could tell, but he prided himself on keeping a low-profile, well-oiled floor. The guys liked him, but Phil wasn’t friends with them. That wasn’t part of his job.“You know,” Fury had said one time, “you could open up to the guys a little more. I promise I won’t tell.”Phil had rolled his eyes at his resident director. “I don’t have time to be buddies with them. Isn’t that a conflict of interest?”“To make friends, no. Although in your case, sometimes I wonder.”“I can do this job in my sleep. If they want a party, they can pledge Tau Sigma Kappa.”Fury had snorted. “My mistake,” he’d replied with a smirk.When all was said and done, Phil was ready to start the year without any surprises or complications. He was more than halfway through his six year plan, and everything was chugging along nicely.Unfortunately, he hadn’t foreseen a cocky junior Art major waltzing into his life, or his floor. And Phil’s life plan went all to hell.~It wasn’t that he avoided Clint Barton on purpose...he just tried really hard to avoid Clint Barton as much as possible.There was just something about the guy that unsettled Phil, made him feel twitchy and uneasy. It didn’t make a lot of sense, since Barton didn’t shy away from anyone. Within the first week of class, he’d been on a first-name basis with all the guys on the floor, and with it was always a slow smile, a jerk of his head, and, “‘sup, Coulson?”Phil never replied with anything other than “fine.” He was “fine” in the mornings before class and he was “fine” in the evenings when he got back to his room and Barton was sprawled out in the hallway, feet flat on the wall as he texted on his phone, his frighteningly complex-looking bow resting over his stomach. His running shoes would always be lying haphazardly in front of Phil’s doorway.“Y’know, fine’s getting a little old, Coulson,” Barton said as he grinned at Phil upside down. The hand not texting absently stroked his bow as if it were a favorite cat. “Can I get a little variety here?”“Peachy,” Phil said, and he kicked Barton’s shoes out of the way as he slammed his door shut.Yeah, Phil didn’t like him at all. Barton was just one of those smirky jock-types who floated through college; he was an Art major, for God’s sake. Phil had no idea how the two went hand-in-hand, how Barton sat through art history classes and then spent hours on the archery range by the Greek housing complex. Phil had heard a rumor that Barton had tried to get a spot on the 2008 US Olympic archery team—at seventeen. Jesus, who did this guy think he was, anyway? So he ignored Barton fairly successfully until Friday afternoon during the second week of school. The hall was quiet, which was the norm for the start of the weekend; the guys usually hauled ass off campus the moment they got back from their last class. Phil always enjoyed the calm of Fridays, and he took advantage of it by finishing his paper for Business Ethics. It wasn’t due until the following Thursday, but he wanted to give himself time for edits.He was gritting his teeth in frustration over his citation page when he heard someone yawn obnoxiously, followed by a loud sigh and the sound of a body flopping down onto Phil’s bed.Very slowly, Phil turned around in his desk chair to find Barton laid out like he didn’t have a care in the world, barefoot and sweaty like he’d just come from the gym. Without looking at Phil, he swiped the remote control to Phil’s flat screen off the floor and promptly started flipping channels.“Don’t you get ESPN in here?” he asked, one leg dangling off the edge of the bed.Phil opened his mouth, shut it, then said, “Yeah, I get cable. Not that it should matter to you, since this is my room.”Barton just yawned again and burrowed down against the pillows on Phil’s bed. “Red Sox game is on and I don’t want go all the way downstairs to the damn lobby. You should share your wealth, Coulson.”He had a biting retort on the tip of his tongue, because what the hell, except Phil became sort of sidetracked by the way Barton’s shirt looked a size too small for him and was slowly riding up his stomach, and his stupid shorts were too low on his hips and there was...a lot of skin showing. Skin, and hipbone indentations and a dark trail of hair disappearing—“You’re not staying her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
fuck buddies
phil coulson has a lot of feelings

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

