Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Hey Kate, good to see you again!”“Bishop! Long time no see!”“Let’s get this puppy, hey! Good to have you back!”Familiar and almost-familiar faces alike greet her left and right, pat her on the back or throw in a casual high-five or two. None of these people are her friends, yet she spends more time with them during tournaments than most of the people she knows outside the team - even her mother who forces her to work at her company part time when she isn’t shooting arrows. It’s still touching to see that someone has actually felt her absence while she was away for the past six months, recovering from a nasty shoulder injury that was totally not her fault and definitely did not involve showing off for a dare.State teams of many different disciplines have hundreds of people filling up the lobby of a hotel in Los Angeles and it’s a little… claustrophobic to say the least, but Kate has seen worse. A North American tournament is on a much smaller scale than the full on summer Olympics, and besides, she would get plenty of time to sleep off the jet lag that nags at the corners of her brain, threatening to turn into a full blown migraine if her head doesn’t meet a pillow soon. She can  never sleep on the plane, and flying always exhausts her more than running half a marathon (Kate’s always at least in top five in those, thank you very much).Greer and Franny, who climbed out of the Uber with her not even ten minutes ago have already disappeared into the lobby crowd, leaving Kate with her bags and her bow case slung haphazardly over her shoulder. With her lips pursed into a friendly smile as people pass by and greet her, she darts to the welcoming desk, ready to get this over with. Being a gold-winning medalist really is exhausting when you are running on zero hours of sleep. “Miss Bishop, good to see you back!” The woman, Mrs. Hill, in charge of the sign-ups and the coach of the athletic team greets her as soon as she approaches. “How’s your shoulder?”“This little thing? Oh yeah no, it’s fine. Nothing a pack of ice or two couldn’t solve.” And thousands of dollars’ worth of physical therapy and a surgery, really, but who’s counting?“That’s good to hear. We’ve missed getting that gold in Singapore without you on the team.”Kate’s smile grows wider, slight heat prickling her cheeks. Even though she considers herself to be a dork who works hard and sometimes plays harder, Kate Bishop would be lying if she said she doesn’t enjoy the compliments, especially directed at the best thing about her. Her coach always says that it’s dangerous for her huge ego but they both know that it is her big overconfidence, along with her skills, that gets them all of those wins.“Well I hope I don’t leave you guys hanging like that again.” And not to be dramatic, but she will die if she has to go another six months without shooting a bow and getting cheered at for it. It is good food for the soul, and practically the only thing that keeps her from drowning in that I’m-already-quarter-of-the-century-old existential crisis these days. And listen, it’s not like Kate Bishop has had a bad life, far from it. Sure, her dad died in an accident before her brain was fully formed enough to have vivid memories of him, but her family is rich, her mom happy with a step-dad who supports them both every step of the way, and she earns good enough money to afford an apartment of her own in New York. Kate fares better than ninety-nine percent of her peers, and has been a main cover story for many an archery magazine around the world, but she always feels lonely despite it all. Dating is one of the few things she is not good at, and not because of her lack of trying either. It’s just that all the women she has ever attempted to date hate the way she is away for months at a time, and when home, she is torn between getting enough rest, getting laid and training. Besides, she has always found chilling on her couch with a box of pizza and watching Netflix at the end of the day better than dealing with lesbian drama. It is a lie she keeps telling herself or anyone who asks. Not many people do. A loud, throaty laugh snaps her out of her dark thoughts and she catches herself staring at the sign-up sheet, having been zoned out for a full minute. Her eyes flicker up at this interruption and she looks over at a woman Kate is absolutely sure she has never seen before. Not only because she has a good memory of all the faces she spends the majority of her year with (names - not so much), but also because this woman’s face has such striking features that no one could miss it even in a crowd filled with thousands of people. When their eyes meet, Kate feels her face reddening for a reason unknown to the conscious part of her brain. Turning her gaze away to focus on the task she has been trying to do beforehand doesn’t really help.The girl that’s standing right next to the blond
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Yelena Belova & Kate Bishop

freeform: 
POV Kate Bishop
Slow Burn
Eventual Romance
Eventual Smut
Happy Ending
BAMF Yelena Belova
BAMF Kate Bishop
Kate Bishop is an Olympic Archer
Yelena Belova is an Olympic gymnast
love at first sight basically
a very AU self-indulgent fic
Lesbian Kate Bishop
Lesbian Yelena Belova
there's angst I am not going to lie to you
but it's angst lite(TM) sort of
fools in love take a long time to get together
That's it

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Yelena Belova & Kate Bishop

