Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
“They’re starting to come through and I can’t stop them!” Strange cried, straining to hold back the people that Peter could see through the large, purple cracks in the sky. His voice betrayed how tired he was, how much he was panicking as if his eyes didn’t show all of that anyways.They were standing at the top of the Statue of Liberty, Strange was using all his magic, trying valiantly to close the rift while Peter looked on, helplessly. He wanted to do something to help, this was his mess. He needed to take responsibility and help to clean it up.“So - So what do we do, what can we do?” Peter asked, starting to panic a little more. It was becoming obvious that Strange wasn’t going to be able to stop this as Peter had hoped. “There has to be something that we can do, right?”An odd looked crossed Strange’s face, but he pressed his lips together and simply shook his head. He seemed to push more of his magic out through his outstretched palms, trying to close the rift on his own, even though he knew that he couldn’t. Peter tried to catch the older man’s eye, but Strange determinedly stared straight over Peter’s shoulder.Whatever the solution was, Strange didn’t seem to want to do it.“There’s something we can do, right?” Peter pressed, side-stepping into the man’s line of sight. “I’ll do anything to fix this. Just tell me!”Peter glanced over his shoulder. The sun was starting to come up so he could see the other two Peters standing on the fallen shield near Dr. Osborn. The younger of the two was propping the older Peter up, arm around him. MJ and Ned were standing near the ledge, peering up at the sky. Ned seemed to be pointing straight at Peter and Strange. The others, Dr. Octavius, Max, Dr. Connors, and Mr. Marko, were standing a few floors below Peter and Doctor Strange.“Tell me what to do, sir.” Peter urged him, looking straight into his eyes.“Don’t call me sir.” Strange told him, sounding tired and defeated. He gave Peter a resigned look. “I can’t hold them back and letting them come through – it’ll turn into an apocalyptic event, Peter. Our universe won’t survive this.”Peter felt panic rise in his throat like bile. “So, what do we do?”“I can cast a spell, but it’s dangerous and there is no guarantee that it will work. That it will change anything.” Strange almost sounded like he wanted to do it, but there was still a hesitance to his words, a kind of dismissal like it was a bad plan.“What’s the spell?” Peter asked, casting a worried look up at the rift. When he looked back at the Sorcerer, he saw that Strange had followed his gaze. He, too, looked concerned. Strange looked back at Peter, meeting his eyes. “I can send your consciousness back in time, back into your younger body. You can change things.” Strange explained.“How far do we need to go back?” Peter asked.“Twenty-Sixteen.” Strange frowned. “That’s when we got set on this course. You need to figure out something to change things, come and find me at the Sanctum, tell me about this, I’ll help you.”“You’ll believe the crazy fifteen-year-old blabbering about time travel?” Peter asked.“No, I’ll access your memories to prove your story.” Strange corrected. “Then I will help you.”“Oh, you can do that. That’s cool.” Peter said weakly.“Go say your goodbyes, Peter,” Strange said gently. “I’ll start the spell. See you in twenty-sixteen, kid.”“See ya,” Peter whispered.He swung off the Statue and landed in front of the two Peters.“Hey, I think this is it.” He said breathlessly. “I think you’re about to go home. I just – I just want to thank you guys, I mean – You know – I don’t know”“Peter,” the oldest Peter said with an amused smile. “You know. This is what we do.”“Yeah,” Peter nodded. He looked at his two new friends and couldn’t help it. He sprung into their arms, and they hugged him back. He would miss them, a lot. If all went well on his mission, he wouldn’t ever see them again, because this will have never happened. He pulled away. “I need to go find Ned and MJ. See ya, I guess.”“See ya,” the younger Peter smiled.Peter sprinted away, wanting to find Ned and MJ before the spell took effect. Where he was going, MJ wouldn’t be his girlfriend anymore, and that was something he didn’t want to think about at the moment.Peter ran up to his friends and pulled them into a hug. “You guys, okay?”MJ nodded against his shoulder. “We’re okay. Are you? What’s going on?”Peter pulled away and looked at them sadly. “What’s happening, it can’t be stopped. It’s going to destroy this universe.”“What?” Ned gasped, looking up at the rift with wide eyes. The figures were getting closer.“So, Strange is sending me back in time, well, my consciousness. This will have never happened.”MJ and Ned relaxed but still looked worried. “So, you’re going back to yesterday and not casting the spell?” Ned asked.Peter shook his head. “I’m going back to twenty-sixteen.”MJ’s eyes widened. “That was eight years ago, Peter.”“I know,” he whispered.Ned and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Time Travel
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie) Spoilers
Parent Tony Stark
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Time Travel Fix-It
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Renegotiated Sokovia Accords
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Bisexual Peter Parker
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker

