Work Text:
The road is smooth beneath his tires, the whoosh of the white lines whizzing past a rhythm that goes nicely with the radio stuck on a Classic Rock station. Phil's not necessarily sentimental as a rule, but even he can't suppress the smile that takes over when Bruce Springsteen's Drive All Night comes on, smooth, mellow, just the right mood for, yes, driving through the night so he can get to where he's going. Two months, two long, torturous months of nothing but Clint's disembodied voice through the receiver pressed to his ear; two months of missing Clint like an ache that won't dissipate no matter how many times they talk, or text, or email.Two months also of a constant low hum in the back of his mind, a litany of 'please, god, don't let Clint decide he has so many better options than waiting for his stuffy boyfriend to get his MBA an eight hours' drive away'. He knows it's stupid; knows it isn't fair to Clint, or to himself, but he's spent too many years believing he isn't anything special to break the habit just like that, despite what Clint keeps telling him.Then again, he thinks with a fond, slightly disbelieving huff of laughter, apparently he isn't the only one. The phone call from the small hours of last Sunday morning is yet another reason why Phil is sitting behind the wheel tonight, his battered truck eating up the miles between Minneapolis and Bloomington, the clock ticking over to four a.m. just as he turns onto the I-39 S. Clint's voice had been soft, a little raw with a few late-night beers, plenty tired as he'd spoken, lonely, heartsick words that amounted to a plea for Phil to not forget him, or at least to let him down gently when he found someone better than Clint, someone smarter, with whom he had more in common. Phil hadn't even known what to say -- he has no experience being the one to reassure his partners about his commitment to the relationship. So he'd told Clint he was hanging up, and he'd call him tomorrow; the 'I love you' had slipped out without thought, without prompting, second nature. Clint's quiet "God, I love you too, so much," had warmed him all the way through.So here he is now, making his second Grand Romantic Gesture this year, driving through the night just to spend a couple of days with Clint, just to reassure himself that nothing's changed, that they still work. That Clint isn't growing dissatisfied with the whole thing. And if he's honest, just to see Clint's face, touch his skin, because the need is like a bruise that never fades.Bruce croons in the dark of the truck; the road is almost empty around him, headlights illuminating a small circle of space just in front. It feels hushed, isolated, safe. Expectant, too; Phil can't wait to get there, can't wait to punch in the new code that Tony gave him when he'd called yesterday afternoon, make his way up the stairs, push open Clint's door and see his happy (he hopes) face at last.For now, the anticipation is enough. All the things he wants to tell Clint are clamouring in his head, making him almost giddy, making his adrenaline spike and his mouth strain to stay closed. No one to see him, though; certainly no one to judge."I swear I'll drive all night again just to buy you some shoes," he sings, badly, although not as badly as Tony, that's a given. He'll drive a lot longer than that, if that's what it takes.---He arrives just before eight in the morning, eyes sore from staring out into the dark for most of the night, but without a hint of regret. Their favourite cafe is just opening up for the day; Phil pulls over, orders the blueberry pancakes and two bucket-sized coffees to go, swings back behind the wheel and drives over to the parking lot of Stark Hall, entirely deserted but for a couple of trucks that rival his for decrepitude, what with it being Thanksgiving weekend. His folks live another two hours down the road; it would be easy to just keep on driving down -- but, well, Clint. It's another reason why Phil's been saving up since he saw him last, because leaving Clint to spend Thanksgiving alone, now that he has someone to spend it with, is nothing short of unforgivable.The code Tony had called out while he'd been on the phone with Steve proves accurate (not that Tony would give him anything but the latest information), and Phil pushes the door open with his shoulder, balancing the food in one hand and the coffee in the other. The foyer smells familiar, almost makes him nostalgic for the years spent running after wayward students. As expected, the hallways are empty, so Phil makes his way down the corridor to a familiar door -- what used to be his room, in fact. Clint is an RA himself this year, and he'd insisted on moving into Phil's old room. Phil suspects Clint isn't nearly as pragmatic as he pretends to be; doesn't fight the rush of warmth at the thought.The door isn't locked; Clint's door rarely is. Most people think it's because Clint is just too trusting, but Phil knows it's because Clint doesn'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Established Relationship
Angst
Pining
Fluff
Tattoos
Barebacking
Driving
Romance
Family
Feelings

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

