Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The waiting list for a first-time client at Xavier's was weeks long.  Most people simply requested their names be added to the list and then waited out the time patiently, arriving at their assigned date and time without complaint.
Erik Lehnsherr, it seemed, was not like most people.  His emails to Charles had been courteous but specific, full of questions about the interview process and the type of companionship that might be available.  Charles did his best to answer all the questions promptly, although when Lehnsherr's emails bent more toward particular interests and fetishes, Charles let him twist a bit.  It was one thing to want to ensure one's more unique needs would be met; Charles could understand that.  It was something else to get emails like this, where initial communication quickly gave way to flirtation.
And it was definitely flirtation.  Charles might not be able to read Lehnsherr's mind at range, but he'd been a companion at Xavier's long before he'd taken it over and given it its new name.  As the owner of this operation, he'd had even more cause to pay attention to the subtle nuances of flirtation and seduction-- it might not all be directed his way, now, but it was important to recognize the signs.  The more quickly he could do so, the better his chances of directing a client at precisely the right partner, someone with compatible interests and predilections.
But Charles was not on the market these days.  He had enough to do simply running Xavier's; he couldn't afford to spend more time in one of the upstairs rooms than in the front office downstairs.  Literally, as it happened; when he took over the operation, it was deeply in debt and was only just now beginning to show profit.  Thank heavens its reputation had remained intact; better management-- and perhaps more importantly, management that didn't siphon ninety percent of the operation's profit into his own pocket-- was doing the rest.
There were a few key clients Charles maintained a more prurient relationship with, but only a few.  Lehnsherr, for all his flirtation over email-- his dry sense of humor; his interest in some of the things that could, after all this time, still send Charles's pulse skyrocketing; the gorgeous photographs he'd sent that went above and beyond the simple headshot clients were expected to submit-- was not going to join that group.  Charles really did have plenty to do without fitting a new client into his schedule.
So when Lehnsherr finally arrived at Xavier's and was shown into Charles's office, Charles made no attempt to clean up his image.  He was out of his suit jacket, out of his tie, his blue Oxford unbuttoned at the neck and its sleeves rolled up.  He smiled at Lehnsherr and came out from behind his desk.  "Mr. Lehnsherr, how good to finally meet you.  I trust you found the grounds without difficulty."
"None at all.  Your directions were perfect."  Lehnsherr extended a hand, which Charles accepted.  "You must be Charles Xavier."
"I must be."
Lehnsherr's hand lingered on Charles's.  Charles wasn't surprised by that, although he was a bit taken off-guard by how openly Lehnsherr's gaze raked down his body.  A flirtation was one thing, but this was pushing the boundaries of making an outright offer.  Charles slid his hand out of Lehnsherr's grip.
"Based on the points we've discussed in email," Charles said, "I've picked out several of our companions that I'd like you to meet."
"I was rather hoping we'd have a chance to continue those discussions in person."  Lehnsherr raised an eyebrow.  "If your schedule permits it, of course.  There are a few details I'd like to work out between the two of us."
I'm sure you would, Charles thought.  Still, no reason to steal the details out of Lehnsherr's mind just yet.  Lehnsherr was paying for the time; Charles could allow him to linger if he wanted.  "Please," he said, indicating one of the two chairs in front of his desk.  He slipped around behind it once again and took a seat.
Lehnsherr folded himself into a chair and crossed one ankle over his knee.  Charles leaned forward, hands folded together on his desk.  "Tell me about these details of yours," Charles murmured, and if he was baiting Lehnsherr a little with that tone of voice, well... so be it.
"We've talked about why I'm here," Lehnsherr said, glancing around Charles's office for a moment before settling his gaze back on Charles.  "Mutation isn't a fetish for me, it's an identity-- I want to be with my own kind."
"You're not the only one who's come here for that reason," Charles reassured him.  "We have companions here who prefer to offer companionship to mutants, when possible, and companions who only work with fellow mutants."  And companions willing to cater to human fetishes, but Charles was determined to phase that part of the business out within the next six months.  He might not have the same attitude toward humans that some mutants did-- that Lehnsherr did, from the tone of hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Charles Xavier
Tony Stark/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Piotr Rasputin
Armando Muñoz/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Prostitution
Brothels
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
First Time
Rimming
Pegging
Unresolved Emotional Tension

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Charles Xavier
Tony Stark/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Piotr Rasputin
Armando Muñoz/Charles Xavier

