Work Text:
 
This is where Tony should be.

Safe, warm. Collared and tethered to the bed. His head rests, pillowed on his arms, his breathing in strong and slow. He yawns, back stretching, toes curling; Steve watches his ass, soft and plump, shift when he curls one knee closer to his chest.

His hands are so gentle. Relaxed and loose, they follow their natural curve. He blinks slowly, eyes heavy, every line on his face smoothed out, blissed out, unwound and perfect.

This is how he should always be.

Steve gets an unholy amount of pleasure from having his sub safe in his bed. Leashed so he can't leave. Collared, so everyone knows he's his. Having Tony like this, having him so content -- it makes him happy. He can survey the scene with a heavy purr in his chest, can sit on the chair with his shield propped against the leg and know that Tony is protected.

After missions, after long, hazardous trips... having Tony like this? Sometimes, it's all he has to look forward to. Sometimes, having Tony here, under his guard, is the only thing that stops the shakes.

After missions -- hard missions -- Tony will kneel by his feet. He'll service him, reverently, always with that half-smile, that knowing glare. He won't ask Steve what happened, and Steve won't tell him. If it's a bad one, Tony will just know.

Steve will curl his hand through Tony's hair, down back over his head, tug him close. Tony will lay kisses up the inside of Steve's thighs. He'll rest his head there, and Steve will revel in his presence, quietly, one hand resting on the pulse of his neck, feeling the steady beat.

There will be times that Tony will remove his shoes, work out the aches from his feet, his calves, his shoulders. Tipping oil over his spine and smoothing out the knots. Or they will shower; Tony, carefully removing layers of dirt and muck and filth and blood and Steve, holding his wet, soaping body against the rough stone tiles, one hand pushing against the length of Tony's cock, the other holding his hands firm above his head. Heat and rock, skin and sweat.

Times like this, though. Times like this. When a mission doesn't go bad, but Steve sees things. Tony doesn't know. Tony will never know. Steve shouldn't keep secrets, maybe, but some things can't be talked about. Tony did his own time, he spent three months in that cave. He knows the dirty, darker side of life. Sunset Bain threw him under, men have ripped him apart. Steve likes to think that Tony came out stronger.

He's not so sure about himself. 

When he sees what he sees... when he sees --

Having Tony safe, at these moments in time, is the best thing for him. Steve's fingers twitch over the metal of his shield. Any movement, any noise, he's ready. Tony will not be harmed.

"Steve," he murmurs "come back to bed."

"Shh." Steve says, quietly. "Not yet. You go back to sleep, Tony. I'm not going anywhere."

Tony sighs, softly. "Steve," he says, tiredly. "I'm cold."

Steve stands, abruptly. "Here," he says, smoothing the blanket up over Tony's back, tucking it round his shoulders. "Sorry, there -- is that better? Tony?"

Tony twists, catching him, fingers pressing into his arms. "Stay." He says. "In bed. With me. C'mon, Steve." Tony's tone is half pleading, half exasperated.

Steve smiles down at him, curls his hand over his cheek, runs his thumbs over the jewels in the collar. "No," he says "not now. You sleep first, sweetie, okay? I want to make sure you -- you sleep first."

Tony's face flitters with something uncomfortable. His brows twist. "Steve." He says, voice quiet. "What happened."

"Nothing." Steve says easily, taking his seat, his guarding post. "You look gorgeous, did you know that?"

Tony settles, albeit suspiciously. Steve props his feet up on the bed, draws the shield onto his lap. His knife presses against the inside of his thigh, and the gun he has hidden in his jacket, still dirty from the op, is kept close.

"We can shower." Tony says, laying lax on his side. "Steve, I think you'd feel better if -- "

"I'm fine." He says, maybe too brusquely, because Tony blinks, avoids his eyes. "I'm fine." He repeats, this time softer. "Go to sleep."

"You're watching me."

"I'm keeping you safe."

"I'd rather you slept with me, Steve. Kept me safe in bed."

Steve's fingers clench over the leather of the shield. "You have no idea."

"No idea about what, sweetie?"

Steve grunts. "Go to sleep." He says, and this time it's an order.

Tony narrows his eyes, sitting up. "Something's wrong." He says. When he shifts, the leash tying him to the bed falls gently off the pillow, stretching taut as he reaches for Steve, crawls forward. "Steve. Tell me."

"Go to sleep." Steve growls. "That's the last time I'm going to tell you, Tony."

Tony kneels there, holds his chin high. Naked, brave, collar loose on his neck and tied to the bed. That's where he needs to be. It's where Steve can keep him safe. And now, he's staring Steve down, defiant, arms crossed. "Steve," he says, not warningly, his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Steve Rogers Angst
Leashes
Collars
Spanking
Mutually Assured Gratification
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

