Chapter 1: Can’t hear
    


Summary:

Matt needs a little help from a certain PI after he gets hurt. Lets just say she learns some things.



Notes:
Matt and Jess’s reluctant friendship is my favorite thing in the world and I felt like more people should’ve known about how Matt can sometimes lose his hearing after he gets hurt.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
After Matt’s hearing was fully restored and his senses were better, he had hoped that it wouldn’t be a problem again. He should’ve known better. After all, he has never had much in the luck department. But still, a man can hope, right?
Wrong. He should have known that something would happen again.
 
*** 
 
With Fisk put away (hopefully for good this time) Matt had finally decided to expand his circle of people who knew he was alive. He started with Claire, who smacked him in the chest but hugged him right after, and then she told Luke, who told the rest of their rag tag little group that was there the night he died. And since then, they have been occasionally teaming up together (whether it was just two of them or sometimes all of them) and he had to admit he kind of enjoyed it. 
So when none other than Jessica Jones showed up at his apartment at 3 in the morning, he finds that he doesn’t hate it. 
“I need a favor” she says right as he opens the door
He tilts his head in what he assumes is her direction
“Right now?” He asks
He can practically feel the eye roll.
“Yes, right now, dumbass” She replies, moving to push past him 
Matt sighs, he had only gone to bed about an hour ago because of some dick who just wouldn’t stop getting back up no matter how many times he kicked his teeth in. The guy was a pretty good fighter too, for just some petty robber. He had managed to knock Matt in the head a couple of times and the past few sleepless nights have been weighing on him. 
But he lets her come in, because for the first time since he’d met her, Jessica was asking for his help. So he will, he owes her that much after letting her believe he was dead for three and a half months. 
“A law favor or….?” Matt lets the question hang in the air 
“No” she says shortly, she doesn’t sound  angry, just……in a hurry “I need you to beat someone up” 
Matt raises his eyebrows 
“Why don’t you just do it?” He asks 
Jessica sighs tiredly and he can smell the whiskey on her breath all the way from across the room. Not that he normally can’t, but this feels more fresh, more recent, like she just came from the bar. She probably did. 
“Because I promised my client I wouldn’t” 
Matt stares in her direction for a moment. 
“Give me the details” he says 
He hears her plop down on his sofa and he sits down next to her, waiting patiently for her to say what she needs to. 
“This woman came into my office a few days ago, right? And she asks me to find out where her husband goes every night after work” 
He nods. 
“I accepted, obviously, it was easy cash and a simple job. But the woman told me that no matter what he was doing, even if he was cheating, I wasn’t allowed to get involved” she went on “Which normally isn’t a problem except for the fact that he wasn’t just cheating” 
“What was he doing?” 
She was silent for a minute or two. 
“He was raping kids” Bile swims in the back of Matt’s throat and he can’t tell if it’s the concussion he probably has, or if it’s what she just told him. Both, he decides. 
“Do you know where he is right now?” Matt asks through gritted teeth 
He feels Jessica nod and then she pulls out a piece of paper. She grabs his hand and places the paper in his palm 
“Can you read that?” She asks 
He traces the indents on the paper and nods.  
Without a second thought, he grabs the scarf around her neck (ignoring her protest at that) and rushes to the stairs. He didn’t have time to put on his whole outfit and he was already in black sweats and a black shirt. He ties the scarf around his eyes and heads out to the roof. 
*** 
Jessica honestly wasn’t surprised when Matt opened the door at 3 in the morning, and she also wasn’t surprised when he immediately jumped at the chance to beat this sick son of a bitch into the ground. That’s why she came to him. She knew he would be awake and willing to help her with this particular problem. 
She quickly follows him outside and watches as he jumps from rooftop to rooftop effortlessly. It was impressive. Especially since he didn’t have her powers. She jumps after him (just to make sure he gets to right place, there’s no other reason) and stops after a few leaps just in time to see him climb down the roof silently and sneak up behind their target. 
Matt does a cool spin kick across the guys head before he even has a chance to turn around and then gets into a classic fighting stance as the dude falls to the ground. He gets back up in a few second and throws a punch that Matt easily dodges, grabbing his wrist and twisting hard enough to elicit a scream that Jessica can hear from the r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Claire Temple
Jessica Jones & Matt Murdock
Luke Cage & Jessica Jones & Matt Murdock & Danny Rand
Matt Murdock/Elektra Natchios
Margaret Murdock & Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock & Stick
Frank Castle & Matt Murdock

freeform: 
Human Disaster Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Hurt Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock & Foggy Nelson Friendship
Catholic Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock Angst
Protective Foggy Nelson
Karen Page is a Good Bro
Claire Temple is So Done
Awesome Claire Temple
Superhero Babysitter Claire Temple
Protective Jessica Jones
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Nightmares
Sick Matt Murdock
Team as Family
Child Abuse
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
None of these are written as ships but you can view them however you want
Tags May Change
Protective Frank Castle

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Claire Temple
Jessica Jones & Matt Murdock
Luke Cage & Jessica Jones & Matt Murdock & Danny Rand
Matt Murdock/Elektra Natchios
Margaret Murdock & Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock & Stick
Frank Castle & Matt Murdock

