Work Text:
“We could always separate them,” Phil offers idly. “You take half and I take half.”Maria knocks back a shot. “You’re making the mistake of believing I want anything to do with them.”“What if I gave you first pick?”She considers this for a second or two. “Rogers.”Phil glares at her. “You’re just saying that so I have to take Stark.” Those two are currently not allowed to be in the same room, let alone the same team. The latest incident had involved one count of hacking into every speaker system in the building to play a certain patriotic song, and one count of testing an experimental motorcycle so vigorously that it’s now a pile of scrap metal. Maria is unrepentant. “Yes.”“Hawkeye,” he says, surprising her momentarily. He doesn’t have to pick Stark first.Maria says, “Widow.” “And again…” Phil sighs. “Fine. Banner, because your half needs someone with flight capability.”“So I get Thor, and you take Stark.” She smirks. “Stark, Barton, and Banner. Was it worth it?”It says something about Phil that even in Avengers fantasy camp, he still ends up with a team that couldn’t reasonably be trusted to cross a street without turning into a danger to the surrounding blocks. He takes his own drink. “Okay. You keep running the strike teams of ruthlessly disciplined agents. I’ll be over here with best and the brightest.”Maria clinks her glass with his. “Good.”Phil’s phone starts to buzz. He looks at the screen for three rings before answering it. “Coulson… What? Yes, we’re coming back in. Mobilise the jet to grab Rogers, he’s out on leave.”Maria’s phone started ringing midway through Phil’s conversation. She says, “Let’s get a perimeter set-up, I want two units in and two on stand-by. I’ll check in with Coulson myself.” She hangs up. “You get all that?”“Still sure you don’t want to take half-ownership of my sideshow?”“Absolutely sure.” In truth, Phil had expected that answer. He stands up. “Then I suppose we should get to work.” *All things being equal, Phil doesn’t mind that most of his ops are domestic nowadays. He would take a wild goose chase in Greenland over a rampage in Midtown, but that’s more about potential civilian casualties than his desire to travel. He has done most of the travelling a person could want. Still, given New York rain and a mission that seems to have covered the streets in green mud (Golem? he notes in pencil on the margins of his report) Phil misses the desert.Rogers stands to attention opposite Phil’s desk, even in the field centre in the back of a truck. “So, once we exploded the… mud-man… then it seemed like we should probably call in for further instructions.”“I think the moment to call for instruction would be when you discovered that the problem was a mud-man, instead of the more prosaic ‘possible Iron Man wannabe’ being reported.” Phil doesn’t know how mud and iron could be confused for each other, but this is why they send their own eyes in to every reported incident. Rogers opens his mouth to respond to this, but he’s interrupted by the door opening. Phil assumes that it’s Sitwell and looks down at the desk to find the field readings to give him.“Phil, can I-.” Clint stops. “Sorry, Agent Coulson, I didn’t realise you were…”“What is it, Barton?” Phil asks.He sounds uncomfortable. “I was going to see if I could borrow a jacket.”Phil faces him properly. Clint is dripping wet and shivering. He looks like someone tried to drown him. Phil frowns. “You have a jacket,” he reminds Clint. “I’ve seen it. Black, SHIELD logo on the shoulder, matches the rest of your uniform.”“I know.”“If you’ve left it somewhere again, it’s coming out of your pay.”Rogers gives them a strange look. “It’s on the couch. At- you left it back there.”Clint shoots him a quick strained smile. Despite the lack of ‘sir’, he’s more formal around Rogers than he ever was with Phil. That’s definitely something that warrants investigation, but at the moment Phil is more concerned about possible hypothermia. Clint says, “I know where it is. I just didn’t bring it with me.”“Barton,” Phil says.“In my defence, I wasn’t cold until-.” Until the rain, and then the mud explosion where Clint had been a chief instigator. “And then Tony claimed he was worried about biological contaminants and threw more water at me.”Phil is already getting his coat off the back of his chair. He tosses it at Clint. “Here. Don’t say I never gave you anything.”Clint shrugs it on, huddling into the wool. He protests half-heartedly, “I didn’t mean your coat, sir. I thought there might be a windbreaker or something in supplies.” Phil rolls his eyes. “Go check the perimeter. We’re heading back in twenty.”Clint nods and goes back out into the rain.Rogers is still looking. “You two have been working together for a long time.” It’s not a question. “Yes,” Phil says. Long enough that it’s not the first time he’s seen Clint in his clothes, or dripping wet. Long enough that there’s not much of Clint he hasn’t seen. Although that all seems a long time ago now. No
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Badass Normals
Team Dynamics
Friendship
Angst

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

