Chapter 1: The day the world forgot
    




Chapter Text

Pepper silently combed a hand through her daughter's hair as she hummed her back to sleep. It wasn’t a rare occurrence that she’d wake up from nightmares. It had gotten a lot better the past few months, there was definitely a correlation between Tony’s scarring healing and how often she had bad dreams. ‘He looks more like daddy’ she’d say. 

Pepper couldn’t imagine how horrible it must have been, for her parents to both leave and then one to come back on the brink of death. 

Pepper didn’t let Morgan see her dad until his shoulder and face were covered. No one wanted to see their loved ones hurt and she didn’t want to scare her. Sometimes it scared the woman herself. The pain he must have gone through to yield those stones, it wasn’t meant for humans, but then Tony always did defy the odds. And only to prove everyone wrong again, he survived. He did the impossible and he survived. Just. 

Tony had been in a coma since his surgery. Originally they took him to Wakanda for treatment where Shuri worked miracles on the scarring on his face and neck. She’d never seen anything like it.

They’d been able to transfer Tony back to New York five days after the surgery. 

Morgan learnt the word amputation that day. Peter had been there when she explained Tony’s injuries and managed to keep her in good spirits whilst Pepper almost broke down. 

She was supposed to be the strong one. Peter had only just got his head around that he’d been gone for five years and then he learned she and Tony were married with a five year old daughter. She was meant to be the one comforting him. 

That was almost a year ago now. 

Pepper had been without Tony for longer than she ever wanted. 

She’d moved her and Morgan to the new Avengers compound as soon as it was ready so they could visit Tony whenever they pleased in MedBay. The lake house didn’t feel like home without him. 

Last week Cho told Pepper to consider end of life when they reached the year mark. They’d informed her the likelihood of him ever waking up decreased exponentially after a year. They also didn’t know how much his brain could have been affected from the snap either/

She refused to listen to it though. She couldn’t lose him. Morgan couldn’t. Peter couldn’t. Too many people needed him to just give up hope. 

A one in a million chance was still a chance. 

Pepper had just closed Morgan’s door when Friday announced the unimaginable. “Boss, you’re needed in MedBay.”

Her heart leapt to her throat forming an unswallowable lump. This could either be the miracle she was waiting for or the worst day of her life. “What’s happened? Is he awake?” She asked, already running towards MedBay. 

“His heart has stopped.” The AI responded sadly. 

Peppers legs gave out mid run, crumpling to the ground. It would have hurt if she didn’t feel so horrifically numb. She covered a hand over her mouth as she silently screamed. “No. 

No

.” 

Shakily, she managed to get back up, making it to the lift before she slid her back down the wall, sitting in a heap in the elevator as she cried. 

It was finally happening. She was losing him. 

The doors dinged open and she didn’t waste a second, sprinting down the route that had been ingrained in her mind. 

“Tony!” She screamed, pushing open the door to find doctors surrounding him, giving him CPR. “Tony!”

Helen quickly moved to her, putting herself between the CEO and Tony. “Pepper, I need you to take a step back.” She said calmly, trying to guide her back with a hand. 

Pepper refused, brushing her off and trying to get closer. “No, no. He’s my husband, please!” 

“I’m sorry, Pepper, but you need to let the medics do their job.” The doctor explained, stepping out of the way as a defibrillator cart was pushed past the pair. 

The woman stared in horror as they cut open Tony’s hospital gown and attached the pads that would hopefully save him.

He was the most important man in her life, in Morgan’s, in Pe- … in Spider-Man’s. 

Pepper frowned. In a time like this she was thinking about a vigilante Tony helped? 

She shook her head, brushing away the tears. 

“Stand back. Clear!” A medic shouted and Pepper’s heart shattered. 

She knew she shouldn’t watch, but she’d hate herself for not being there in her husband's final moments. 

“How long?” A brown haired nurse asked, rebooting the defibrillator. 

“Two minutes.” 

“Keep trying.” 

“Clear!” 

Peppers continued to watch as Tony’s body agonisingly jolted on the bed, collapsing lifelessly once the bolt of electricity had run its course. 

It broke her heart over and over with each shock. Twice. Three times. 

“He’s gone. Call it.” 

Pepper shook her head, surging forwards. “No! No, one last try, please!” 

The medic considered her for a second before nodding to another nurse. 

“Clear.” 

Tony jolted again, but this time the shrill of beeping followed, paired by a deep intake of breath as Tony’s eyes flew open. 

They were glassed and panicke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
(eventually)

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie) Spoilers
Fix-It
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark Lives
but was in a coma
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Irondad
Angst with a Happy Ending
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Fluff
Another IronDad fix it
because Sony tore out my soul
so I'm gonna keep fixing it
Sad Peter Parker
References to Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Eventual Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
(eventually)

