Chapter 1: part one
    




Chapter Text
“I think we both could use a drink.”Kate quickly turns around and Yelena keeps herself propped up against the window holding a bottle of vodka in her right hand.Yelena waited until Barton had left to sneak back into the apartment. No need to open that closing wound. She can just go to pretending he doesn’t exist again. Although, now she doesn’t get the other half of the bounty that Kate’s mother had put on his head. Semantics really, she knows that Valentino will pay her for the next job she gets. She has enough saved up between the money mom Melena and dad Alexi had given her (well stolen from somewhere she’s sure) and the other cash that’s come from the contract work she’s been doing. She’s talented enough to get jobs that pay more than the average. She knows she’s better than the others, better at things like killing than the others.Ever since being released from chemical subjugation, Yelena’s still not sure where she draws the line in the sand. It hadn’t always been mind control that forced her to kill. The chemical subjugation wasn’t until she was older. It was after the graduation ceremony and Yelena had been working long before then.The greatest child assassin.Then she had grown up.And lived in her sister’s shadow.Now, she feels free but at the worst cost. At the cost of the world not having Natasha Romanoff to compare her to.“You can’t keep breaking in here,” Kate scolds her like she’s a child and it’s hilarious.Yelena lets out a puff of laughter before she fully climbs into the apartment. “You already know the answer to that.”“You didn’t break anything, blah, blah, blah.”Kate Bishop.Yelena isn’t sure why she makes her smile so often, but it isn’t something she’s used to having from another human being. She wants to keep her around for that purpose alone.“You know you should really consider moving, Kate Bishop.”Kate turns away from her and Yelena walks across the apartment before she looks down and sees another sight that brings a smile onto her face.“The dog!” Yelena says as she bends over to pat him square on the head. When she looks up, Kate is smiling at her over the counter.“Lucky,” Kate tells her before she turns back around.Yelena chuckles to herself before giving the dog another good scratch under the chin and walking into the kitchen. “Please tell me you have more than one glass, Kate Bishop.”“You don’t have to keep calling me that,” Kate says, but there’s a smile playing on her face as well. “Kate’s just fine. Besides, I don’t even know your last name.”“Yelena’s just fine,” she mimics back which earns her an eye roll from Kate. “Well, just Kate, don’t break my heart.”Kate goes into the cabinet and pulls out two glasses. “I’m not a complete savage.”Yelena made sure to go out and get a good bottle of Vodka. Not the American trash, but proper vodka that makes your eyes swell and the back of your throat burn so deliciously. “I’d say we had a very successful New Years.”“My mom got arrested.” Yelena grimaces, remembering that Kate actually has real parents, ones that can get arrested.“Alright, then we drink from sadness.”It takes around three shots for Kate to really relax and enjoy her drinks.“I’m going with Clint to Christmas.”“Ah, yes, Christmas.” Yelena remembers now, taking another drink. Killing Barton was going to be her Christmas present, but alas, she wasn’t going to end up getting anything.(Yelena will never guess that at this time next year, she will be spending Christmas with Clint, his family and her Kate.)“Where will you be?” Kate asks. Yelena thinks, her head tilted. There isn’t time to get back home and Fanny’s staying with her, well her alias’s apartment neighbor. She’s kept the last name of one of Natasha’s covers, Longbottom. She rather enjoys hearing people call her that. Even when she’s pretending to be someone else, she still has a part of Natasha close to her.“Oh, somewhere, anywhere. Might call my parents.”“You have parents? Like actual parents?”Yelena thinks for a second, rotating her glass to see the alcohol swish against the sides. “Not true parents, but ones from a mission. The people who raised me until I was six before they gave me back.”“I’m sorry I didn’t—"“Your mother hired me to kill people, my mother created an agent for chemical subjugation that was used on me, see we have lots in common Kate Bishop.”“Alright, no more drinks for you.” Yelena states, looking into Kate’s wide pupils. She pulls the vodka bottle back towards her, knowing that the limit had been drawn. “You look like you need a hug.”“You know what, I think I do,” Kate ponders before she leans towards Yelena, who quickly pushes her away.“Not from me.”There’s hurt in Kate’s eyes, but Yelena pats her shoulder in comfort. “The dog is much better hugger than I am.”Yelena gives Kate another smile before she presses her hands against the table and stands up. “You were right, I needed a girl’s night.”“Our definitions of girls night are very different.”Yelena laughs 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Yelena Belova & Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Eventual Romance
Team Dynamics
Hurt/Comfort
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Sharing a Bed
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Yelena Belova & Kate Bishop

