Chapter 1: Different Ways
    




Chapter Text
Peter sighed, quickly summarizing the crazy past hour. “Long story short… Doctor Octopus cloned me and Gwen Stacy and the clones escaped and Aunt May had a heart attack and one of them kidnapped you.”Mary Jane looked between the Fantastic Four and Peter in disbelief, mumbling “Oh my God… Oh my God! What?! A clone?!”“Hug the guy,” Johnny whispered to her while winking at Peter. “He’s been through a lot.”Peter had no time to object before MJ wrapped her arms tightly around him, while the conflict inside his brain raged on.
‘She was in danger because of me! I can’t keep doing this to her!’ 
“I’m so sorry,” he blurted out.
‘I can’t…’
“You didn’t do this, did you?” she asked, breaking the hug and giving him a small smile, her arms still crossed behind his head. Peter frowned, slowly shaking his head, and she followed her previous question. “Then why are you apologizing?”“I dragged you into this – if I had never involved you from the start… I can’t lose you, Mary.” Mustering his willpower, Peter extracted himself from her grasp with a pained expression. “But I can’t live like this either.”Mary Jane’s face fell the more he talked. “No… But… I lov-”“I love you too,” Peter cut her off, averting her gaze. “And I hope to always be your friend… But I have to put distance between us. I’m sorry.” Fighting back tears, he turned away from her and focused on Reed Richards and a middle-aged man in a lab coat he didn’t know. “She’s going to be okay?”“We – Doctor Storm and I,” Reed explained, pointing between himself and the man in the lab coat, “(this is Doctor Storm), found a reactor to the Oz strain.”“Basically a counter agent,” Doctor Storm expanded upon. “An antidote to the Oz formula.”“We’ll have to keep an eye on her, but-”“Wow, thank you!” Peter practically shouted, no other words describing his eternal gratefulness coming to mind. Running his hands through his hair, he turned again to MJ, reasoning “Okay, okay… You stay here. I have to go see if Aunt May is-”“Well, wait, there is one thing,” Reed said. “The Oz formula is how you got your powers, right? Well, it’ll take some work to isolate how the spider-bite affected the formula transfer into your blood system, but we can cure you too. You don’t have to be Spider-Man anymore. It’s your choice.”Peter blinked; his mouth slightly agape. MJ stiffened and looked at him with hopeful eyes. “You could have a normal life then…”“I don’t know…” Peter muttered, too many thoughts swirling in his mind. “Let me think about it, Doctor Richards.”Reed nodded. “It’s completely up to you.”“…I have to go,” Peter remembered. “My aunt…”“I’ll come, too,” MJ said, still hopeful, but Peter shook his head.“No, you stay,” Peter insisted, walking to the open window of the room. Johnny Storm stood next to it, waiting for him to finish speaking before giving him a ride to the hospital. “Doctor Richards needs to keep an eye on you and I have some things I have to do. And then you need to go find your mom, she’s completely freaking out,” he added quickly as he grabbed Johnny’s arms and nodded at him.Mary Jane went to say something, but the Human Torch was already ablaze and flying through the window, carrying Peter along. Hours later, Peter glanced at the beeper in his hand, turning it around between his fingers. Though the doctors said his aunt was going to be fine, they had given it to Peter just in case. He was sitting atop a water tower, not far from his aunt’s – now half-destroyed – house. He had checked from afar that MJ was back with her mother, but he didn’t dare to talk to her at the moment. On top of Reed Richard’s offer, his mind was heavy with Nick Fury’s words, and the occasional intrusive thought about the last Peter Parker clone that was still alive.‘Oh, and all my stuff’s in the house too. Hooray,’ he thought glumly, looking up at the horizon. The Sun was setting, and the sky was a bright orange that almost seemed to mock his bad luck with its beauty. ‘Doctor Richards could cure me… That’s… wild. But I made a promise…’A girl’s voice interrupted his inner monologue. “Peter!”He almost jumped in his seat, looking down at the brunette gently floating towards him – or rather, walking on the air as if it were a staircase. “Kitty? What… what are you doing here?”Kitty Pryde, wearing a brown leather jacket over her X-Men uniform, hugged him as soon as she reached his level and sat next to him, asking in a hurry “Are you okay? Are you hurt? How is your aunt?”“No, I… Aunt May’s going to be fine… what are you doing here?”“I saw your house blowing up on the news… I’ve been calling you all night, but you never answered! So we went to help you, but when we got here, it was over and Fury had the whole street warded off, and we found out your aunt had had a heart attack – so me and Jean went to the hospital-”“You were there? I didn’t-”“Xavier made Jean shift everyone’s perception to hide us.” Kitty looked to a side, hanging her head slightly. “…and after
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Kitty Pryde

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Ultimate Spider-Man
Teen Romance
Teenagers
Teen Angst
Teen Peter Parker
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Mutantphobia
Canon-Typical Violence
Swearing

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Kitty Pryde

