Work Text:
Clint’s just finishing getting dressed when there’s a commotion on the first floor followed by Tony’s voice floating up the stairs.“Clinton, your young man’s here,” he calls in a warbling falsetto.Clint grins, tucking his shirt into his pants and checking his hair in the mirror.  “Coming, Mom,” he yells back and he’s probably imagining the sigh he hears from Phil but it makes him laugh anyway.The mansion is crazy big and Phil never comes to the front door – mostly so he can try to avoid Tony, Clint is pretty sure – so Clint heads through to the lounge above the garage, looking for him there.Phil is standing on one side of the room.  He’s alone, which is unexpected since the others are always clamouring for his attention whenever he stops by – well, okay, not just the others, Clint too – and he looks damn fine, dressed up in grey slacks and a black button down.“Hey,” Clint says, taking advantage of the fact that they’re alone to step up and kiss Phil’s mouth.Phil pulls back, one hand on Clint’s hip and just kind of looks at him.  Clint makes a face, confused.“What?” he asks, looking down at himself as well.  There’s no toothpaste down his shirt or anything else that Phil might object to, at least as far as he can tell.Phil shakes his head.  “You look good,” he says and there’s still something off about his voice but Clint isn’t going to press him.  If Phil’s having some kind of emotion, he’s not going to tell Clint and Clint wouldn’t know what to do with it if he did.“What did you do with Stark?” Clint asks. “Are we gonna start noticing a weird smell under the carpet in a couple of days?”“Please,” Phil says, “I know how to hide a body better than that.”Clint takes hold of the hand Phil has left on his hip and pulls him across the room.  “Which is why you’re the coolest,” he agrees.  “Ready?”“Yes,” Phil says, sounding weird again, much firmer than Clint would expect  considering they’re just going out to grab some dinner.“Sure everything’s okay?” Clint asks when they’re in the elevator down to the parking lot.  He could say sure you’re okay? but they only ever go that far when one of them’s bleeding out.“Yes,” Phil says shortly then stops, takes a breath and squeezes Clint’s hand.  “Sorry, long day.  Not helped by Stark’s…”“Existence?” Clint offers since Phil is obviously trying to be polite.Phil laughs.  “Exactly.”  He pulls Clint closer and kisses the corner of his mouth.  “You do look great.”Clint has no idea what to say to that.  It’s an old shirt but the jeans are new and he feels kind of dumb about having gone shopping just because Phil told him to dress up a bit tonight.“If I wasn’t sure JARVIS was recording it, I’d shove you up against the nearest wall,” Clint says at last.  It’s not really got anything to do with anything, except that it’s true.  Phil was in Lima for three weeks, only got back this afternoon; if Clint had his way, they’d be skipping dinner and heading straight to the bedroom.Phil’s eyes flick up to the two visible cameras positioned in opposite corners of the elevator.  “JARVIS, a little privacy?”“Of course, sir,” JARVIS says, “Although I’m afraid I can only guarantee forty-three point five seconds before Mr Stark becomes curious.”“That’ll do fine,” Phil tells him, apparently not in the least embarrassed to be bargaining for make-out time with an AI.The elevator glides to a smooth halt, going dark except for the green emergency light.  Clint laughs, surprised by the force that Phil uses to pin him to the mirrored wall.  Phil kisses him as though it’s been three years rather than three weeks, leaving Clint with nothing to do but curl his hands around Phil’s shoulders and rub shamelessly up against his hip.“Fuck,” Clint says feelingly once their forty-three point five seconds are over and the doors are opening, leaving them blinking at each other in the harsh light  from the parking lot.Phil clears his throat.  “We can skip dinner, if you want,” he offers.It’s tempting.  It’s really fucking tempting.  But Phil wanted to take Clint out to dinner and they pretty much never get to go on real dates, so, “Nah,” Clint says, “I’m hungry now.  You promised me food.”Normally, Clint can read Phil really well, but right now, he can’t tell if he’s relieved or disappointed.  To be honest, he just looks constipated.  Clint wonders what happened on the Peru mission and if that’s the reason for Phil’s not-quite-Phil-like behaviour.“Come on then,” Phil says, walking around to the driver’s side door of his weekend car, a damn fine convertible that he never normally brings within a hundred miles of anything Avengers-related.  “I got us a table at this new Thai place in the city.  It got a, um, a good write-up in the inflight magazine.”Clint blinks.  Since when does Phil have time to read inflight magazines?  Besides, they normally go to the local diner or, if they’re feeling particularly adventurous, Sbarros.  He checks the date in his head – it’s not his birthday, it’s not Phil’s birthday and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

