Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clint rolled to a stop behind the Subaru, careful to keep his tires out of the muddy ruts off the edge of the road. The spring rains had left the ground saturated; brown earth caked the wheel wells of all the cars, but soon the mountains would be green again. Clint was looking forward to putting on his hiking boots and getting out on the trail. “Need some help?” he asked as he stepped out of his battered jeep. “Looks like you’ve got car trouble.” The man under the hood paused and looked around at Clint. Blue eyes shone behind dark frames, crinkles at the corner as the man smiled. Dark hair, neatly trimmed, the man wore a khaki jacket over a blue sweater, his white dress shirt and Captain America tie showing in the v-neck. “I think it’s beyond help.” His voice held a hint of laughter around the edges. “Mack’s been telling me it’s time to get a new car but I thought I’d get one more summer out of her.” He wiped his hand on an Armorall wipe and held it out.  “You must be the new Sheriff. I’m Phil Coulson, principal at the high school.” “Clint Barton.” He took the offered hand. Phil’s grip was strong, firm fingers wrapping around Clint’s without hesitation. “Why don’t I give you a ride back into town?” Phil shut the hood, reached into the passenger seat and grabbed his briefcase before he climbed into Clint’s jeep. “Good thing you came along. Those clouds mean more rain’s coming; saved me from a soaking.” “I’m learning the roads,” Clint admitted. “Darcy gave me a map with all the local names on it; only gotten lost once and GPS got me back to the main road.” “When do you officially start?” Phil asked as they pulled out. “Joe’s retirement party is this Saturday; I think the whole town will be there.” “Technically, Joe’s still on the job until Monday morning. Gives me time to get to know the lay of the land and start finding a more permanent place to live. Derek Bishop is letting me use one of his apartments above the hardware store, but I like a little more land and some trees.” Clint glanced sideways at the other man, noting the open and easy look on Phil’s face. “Steve’s got a line on a few possibilities; we’re heading out to look tomorrow.” “That’s right, you know Steve and Bucky from the army. I remember hearing that at the Town Council meeting when they announced your hire. Remind Steve about Pym’s cabin; Hank hasn’t been back since the divorce was finalized, and I bet he’d be willing to sell for a good price. Great location, not far from town, but right on the edge of Bitterroot. Views of the mountains and within a day hike of Bass Creek.Two bedrooms space with all the modern conveniences including a satellite dish and power generator. Hank liked his gadgets.” Phil smiled over at Clint. “I’ve halfway thought about buying it; I live in that big monstrosity on the corner of Ash and Main. Been in the Coulson family for generations, but now it’s just me rattling around, trying to keep up with all the fixing that needs to be done. Keep joking that I’m going to buy a cabin and move out into the woods to avoid running into all my students when I go jogging.” “The yellow victorian?” Clint had driven by there just a few hours earlier. “I bet there’s a story behind that grand old lady.” “My Great Grandfather was the first School Superintendent in 1887. Wasn’t more than an elementary school and a one floor academy then, but he saw it as a way to make his mark on the world. Went back East to school and  met my Great Grandmother; Hester was from Charleston, South Carolina and wouldn’t move out here until Edward built her a proper home. Rumor goes that Edward ordered the stained glass all the way from Cleveland and had it delivered into Butte by train.” Phil warmed to his story, his mouth lifting in a wry grin. “Of course, Hester hated the house -- it wasn’t warm enough in the winter and the roof leaked and he had to add a mudroom. Must not have been too bad because they had four kids who lived to adulthood. And a Coulson’s been in residence in the house ever since.” Clint turned onto route 93, maneuvering off the two lane road onto the bigger one. Listening to Phil was interesting. “So you’re following the family tradition of education?” “After a brief detour with the military. I was in the Rangers for six years. Went in thinking I’d make a career of it, but I soon learned differently. I’m much better suited for disciplining unruly teenagers, it seems,” Phil answered with a shrug. “I understand that.” Clint’s time in the army had taught him many things including what he did and didn’t want out of life. “Civilian life looks a lot different after you’ve seen one too many IEDs and kids with rifles.” “You and Bucky were in the same unit?” Phil asked although he probably already knew the answer. “For awhile. I’m glad Buck’s doing better; Steve says he’s found a good therapist and that the mountains help. He’s talking about getting a service dog.” Clint came to a stop at the first intersection, the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Minor James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Police
Alternate Universe - Shapeshifters
Shapeshifting
Werewolves
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Native American Character(s)
Mythology - Freeform
Bestiality
is it really bestiality if one of them is a shapeshifter?
Native American Mythology - Freeform
montana

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Minor James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

