Chapter 1: Lunchroom Meeting
    




Chapter Text
Megan took a deep breath as she tucked her wallet back into her purse and picked up her tray, scanning the cafeteria for a spot to sit down and eat lunch. Steeling herself, she headed towards the end of the farthest table and the lone figure that sat there. “Mind if I join you?” she asked shyly.Blue eyes looked up at her in surprise and he shook his head once, gesturing to the seat across from him as he continued to chew his food.“You’re braver than I am,” Megan said as she gestured at his plate. “I couldn’t tell what that was supposed to be. I figure they couldn’t mess up a salad even though I’ll be starving in an hour and raiding the vending machines shortly thereafter.” She eyed it cautiously, “So… what is it?”He shrugged. “I’m not sure, but it tastes better than it looks.”“It wouldn’t be hard.” Stretching her hand out to him, she smiled and said, “I’m Megan.”“Steve,” he answered shaking her hand. “Nice to meet you, Steve.” Megan lowered her eyes and watched him with her peripheral vision while she focused on her food. “Some assembly required,” she muttered under her breath as she opened various packets and spread the contents on her salad. “I can’t believe S.H.I.E.L.D. doesn’t have a proper salad bar so we don’t have to wrestle with all these packages.”“Nat’s theory is that the packets are a test of how patient we are.” Megan smiled, glancing up at him. “Clearly, I have failed that test. I need to make time to go shopping tonight and go back to packing my lunches. Overpriced mystery glop and stress tests are not what I had in mind for lunch.”“If you usually pack, that would explain why I haven’t seen you here before.”“I’m new, and temporary at that. It’s only my second week here and yes, I’ve been eating my lunch elsewhere and reading at my desk until my hour is up. I’d rather just go back to work after I eat and leave earlier, but the boss insists we have to take the hour. I understand she doesn’t make the rules, but that doesn’t mean I have to like them.” Megan mentally slapped herself for rambling and put her attention back on her plate.  “Eating together can build camaraderie,” Steve offered. “Says the man I found eating by himself,” Megan countered, looking pointedly at all the empty seats that were around them.Steve ducked his head, blushing slightly as he took another bite of food. “You’re right, you know,” Megan admitted. “But for a shy introvert, it’s also really hard to get to the point where you’re comfortable enough to build camaraderie.” Steve’s eyebrows shot up. “You’re shy?”Megan nodded. “On my way down here, I was sure I was going to throw up. But I set a goal of eating lunch with other people at least once a week. And I’ll probably use every strategy in my arsenal to survive it. Being the new kid in town is really hard for me. I don’t mind being alone. But I’m alone too much these days and the only way I can change that is to force myself out of my comfort zone. Since I moved to D.C., I haven’t made any new friends and I know that’s not good. So with this new job, I figured I’d start with lunch once a week and go from there. It can’t get any harder with practice and I’m praying it gets easier.”“You’ve cleaned every corner of your apartment and read to fill the hours between getting home and going to bed,” Steve said softly, his eyes confessing and asking at the same time.“You turn on the TV just to hear someone talk and shut it off in disgust it’s so stupid. Music can help, but sometimes it feeds the bad mood. Weekends off are the worst...”“…because you have two whole days to fill,” he finished for her.“It’s pathetic.” She ate another bite then smiled at him. “I’m shy; what’s your excuse?” Steve shook his head with a soft smile of his own, “Lunch isn’t long enough to list them all.““Challenge accepted,” Megan shot back. “Celebrity status, very inconvenient. You can’t know if they want your autograph or are waiting to ask for a picture. That’s just here. Out in public has to be worse since they didn’t get the “Avoid the Hero Worship” talk at orientation. Add in a huge helping of Everything’s Changed, and you end up deciding staying home is easier. Irregular work hours? Makes it hard to join any clubs or take any classes. How am I doing?”“They talk about me at orientation?”Megan nodded, noting his look of horror. “You get a whole slide in the unending PowerPoint presentation. But you take a good picture, so at least we had that to look at. Most of the other slides were full of words. And then they pretty much read the slides to us after giving us packets with them all preprinted. I hate that. I’ll shut up before I give you my 10-minute rant about how PowerPoint is abused by most presenters. But yes, they talk about you at orientation.” Megan gestured to the empty chairs. “Do you want me to suggest they add a second slide about not treating you like a pariah?”Steve’s eyes widened in alarm, “No! Even one slide about me is too many. Still, it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Friendship
Developing Friendships
Drama & Romance
POV Original Character
Trauma
Action/Adventure
Mild Language
Past Abuse

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

