Chapter 1: Tick
    




Chapter Text

Tick. Tick.  Tick. 

Peter stared at the clock on the wall above his teacher’s head. 

Tick. Tick.  Tick. 

Mr. Harrington continued monologuing about the intricacies of the element mercury, oblivious to the glazed look in Peter’s eyes. It wasn’t that Peter didn’t care about chemistry – he certainly did. It was just that Peter perhaps didn’t get enough sleep last night. 
Or the night before that, Peter thought wearily to himself. Four hours a night is fine, right? The only thing he wanted to do was to go home and sleep. No Academic Decathlon, no homework, no patrol, no video games. Just sleep. 
There was almost half an hour left of class. As Peter fought his heavy eyelids, he saw Ned gesticulating out of the corner of his eyes. Peter startled when the hands got closer. Ned, never one for subtlety, had chosen to wave both hands at Peter in an effort to get his attention. When that didn’t work, he’d leaned over and put a hand immediately in front of Peter’s face. 
While this act had achieved Ned’s goal of getting his friend’s attention, it had also gotten Mr. Harrington’s notice.  
“Boys.” The two looked up to see their teacher standing directly in front of Peter, hands on hips with an eyebrow raised in disapproval. “Struggling with the assigned work, are we? Or are you finished so quickly that you’ve decided to take a nap, Mr. Parker?” 
His tone was laced with sarcasm. Never a good sign, even in a teacher as relaxed as Mr. Harrington. 
“No Sir, I was just trying to ask Peter about question eleven,” Ned responded quickly, “I think the answer that I got was wrong, so I wanted to compare. He was so focused on the work that I couldn’t get his attention.” Peter was pretty confident that Ned hadn’t gotten past question four yet, but it was a decent excuse anyway. Except…
Mr. Harrington looked down at Peter’s blank exercise book. “Ah, yes. I see. Mr. Parker has clearly been focusing on his work today.” He leaned forward and tapped the empty page, as if to emphasise his point. “In fact, I think you both were, considering there are only nine questions in today’s classwork.” 
Ned shrunk in his chair. 
“Well, boys, I think that you can both demonstrate your focus to the applications of transition metals in advanced chemistry by completing an extra homework sheet tonight, to be handed back to me in class tomorrow.” Mr. Harrington turned back toward his desk, where several stacks of homework sheets sat printed and waiting. 
At this point, Peter and Ned both realized that they had the entire class’s attention. Flash and his friend sniggered at Peter’s misfortune from the back of the classroom. MJ simply rolled her eyes and went back to her work. Ned meekly accepted the proffered homework sheet and stuffed it into his backpack without a second glance. Peter, on the other hand, sighed when he saw the twenty-five listed questions. It would take at least an hour to complete, and he was just so tired. 
Mr. Harrington went back to monologuing. 

Tick. Tick.  Tick. 

Peter put his head down and stared blearily at the questions in front of him. It wasn’t complicated by any means – the periodic table was the periodic table. He knew that what he didn’t complete today would also become tonight’s homework, and he’d earned enough of that already. 
The rest of the class passed in a blur. Maybe it was because Peter was focusing on finishing his work, but it was probably because his eyes were just watering from lack of sleep. At four minutes before the bell, Mr. Harrington called for their attention. 
“As you all know, the Department of Education has pledged a lot of money to increasing educational enrichment activities for students in several boroughs of New York,” he began. “As you also know, we’ve increased the number and variety of field trips attended by Midtown School students. So, our upcoming field trip is to a new institution – somewhere that no class has been before.”
Peter could tell that Mr. Harrington was excited. He was using his arms to talk and bouncing on the balls of his feet. It reminded him of the way that Tony explained interesting discoveries and advanced concepts to anyone who would listen. An unwitting smile crept across Peter’s face as he remembered Tony’s exuberant explanation of his own brilliance in discovering badassium. He maintained that as the discoverer he had the right to name it whatever the hell he wanted, despite ‘what those idiots over at IUPUC wanted’.
“…Stark Industries…”
Peter jerked back to reality.  Stark Industries?  
“This is a once in a lifetime chance to take a look at the behind-the-scenes running of one of the largest tech companies in the world. Their cutting-edge Research and Development department is second to none and will be a great place for you to ask questions and solidify your knowledge about many concepts we discuss in class.
“Very few schools ever get invited to conduct tours of Stark Tower, and this is the first time that Midtown School of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Field Trip
Stark Tower
Everyone Is Alive
Angst with a Happy Ending
Intern Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

