Chapter 1: Prologue/Preview
    


Notes:
Hey y'all :0)So, I've had this story in my head for an EXTREMELY long time! Basically, around the time when I heard that Quicksilver was going to be in X-Men: Days of Future Past. I love Michael Fassbender and Evan Peters and when I heard that they were going to be in the movie together, I freaked out!!As I said, I've been wanting to write this and I thought I might as well write a tiny piece of it down before I go insane! This is a Pietro and Erik-centered story and will focus on their relationship, as well as the relationship between Erik and Charles. But don't worry, Apocalypse and the four horsemen will be featured a lot in the story as well :DThis is a preview!!! Depending on what people think about it, I may or may not continue it!!! I'm also in college, so that slows the updates a little bit lolWarning: Grammatical/Spelling errors and possibly slight OOC-ness!I hope you all enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
(July 10, 1983. 8:00PM) The Xavier mansion: a once beautiful and extravagant haven for mutants of all kind, now a grave and solemn refugee. The once energetic and lively halls were now dark and filled with silence, moonlight being the only source of any kind of light. Inside a large guest room were a group of mutants, each one of them with their own stories and losses. They all sat around a barely alive fireplace in silence, each one of them lost in their own thoughts. Some of the mutants were old friends of Charles Xavier: Alex Summers, Hank McCoy to name a couple. New faces like Scott Summers, apparent brother of Alex’s, Ororo Munroe, and Jean Grey (their latest recruit), were just some of the many mutants Xavier and his old group of friends found throughout the past year. While the silence in the room would’ve been heard around the world, Charles Xavier’s world was full of voices...voices of defeat, humiliation, sorrow, and grief. He could hear every thought the young mutants were thinking, and almost all of them broke his heart. However, the loudest voice he heard was coming from an old friend of his who was sitting in a medical lab, next to a dead body, a couple of doors down. Out of all of the voices Charles heard, Erik Lehnsherr’s voice was the loudest and filled with the most grief. Charles tore his eyes away from the group of mutants and turned his head to the closed doors that would lead to where his friend was sitting.Down the hallway was a large medical room used mostly by Hank McCoy. The dark room contained all kinds of things: tools and gadgets more advanced than what the 80’s currently had to offer, a medical table dripping with blood, the corpse of a young mutant, and a broken Erik Lehnsherr. Erik was sitting in a hard, metal stool that was placed right next to the medical table that held the cold and lifeless body of his son, Pietro Maximoff. He slowly turned his head to the side and, for the tenth time this past hour, scanned over his son’s wounds.The former fast-talking and moving mutant was covered in dry and fresh blood. He had deep stab wounds right in the center of his stomach that stretched upwards. Three deep slash wounds on his chest that dragged from his rib cage to his left hip, just barely missing the mutant's heart, also coated the poor soul's body. His back also had three slash wounds, just as deep and deadly, that ran from his right shoulder to the back of his left hip. Both wounds were parallel from each other and left nasty lacerations on the front and back of him. Blood caked his neck, his usually silver hair, and entire upper body. His eyes were closed, hiding his dark brown eyes, and there was no rhythmic rise and fall of his chest. Pietro was so still... too still. His now limp, ice cold hand was slowly lifted up and placed firmly between the warm and calloused hands of his father.Now holding his son’s hand between his own, Erik sat in silence and closed his eyes, reflecting on the events that led up to where he was today. His mind always came back to a single, heart-rendering thought: everything was his fault. Throughout the past couple of months, Erik’s emotional state has been put to the test...and now it seemed like he was about to break down and fall. Everyone he’s ever loved was now gone. The only person in his life left that he truly cared about was Charles Xavier, but even the professor himself wouldn’t be able to fill in this now empty hole inside his already defeated heart. And while traces of rage still remained in his body, the main emotion he (as well as Charles) could feel was grief. The images of Raven's completely yellow-covered eyes staring emotionlessly back at him, his bleeding and barely conscious son propped against an old wall, and the looks of grief Charles, as well as the other young mutants, gave him appeared right before his eyes. He unconsciously tightened his grip on his son's hand.‘Bloody hell,’ he silently cried, ‘how did this al
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
what I wish would happen
Hurt/Comfort
Violence
Teamwork
Temporary Character Death
Major Character Injury
dadneto
X-Men Cameos
you'll see some familiar faces
helps to have read the comics
Hurt Erik Lensherr
Hurt Peter Maximoff
Whump
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Poor Erik

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff

