Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter was a simple kid. He liked pepperoni pizza and cartoons. He liked playing basketball with his buddies in the evening and having sleepovers on the weekends. He said his pleases and thank yous, and had no problem lending a hand to someone in need. A real good kid. Peter Parker though, that kid was a different story. Peter Parker was an orphan from Queens, with a hefty record and a history of substance abuse. Peter Parker was a stray, a freeloading fleabag, a loser. Whatever you want to call it. A real bad kid.  And somewhere in between Peter and Peter Parker, was Spider-Man. And that's where it gets really complicated. Spider-Man was a mix of both Peters. A do-gooder, polite and eager to help. Happy and smiling and laughing all over the place. But the vigilante was also reckless, with a decent sized ego. Self sacrificial to a fault, no regard for his health and wellbeing. He operated outside of the law. A bad-good guy. Sometimes he tried to pinpoint exactly when the split happened. When was the last time he felt whole? But eventually he figures the seams started ripping when his parents died, and the tear just keeps getting bigger and bigger with every fucked up thing life throws at him. But Peter doesn't like to think about it much, it makes his brain hurt. Maybe that's why he likes the drugs. They keep his brain from throbbing like a bitch.  “-he said he had, like, fish tanks-” “What the fuck are you going to do with a fish tank, Art?” “Fuck off, alright. You can walk away, you don't have to come with-” “Nah, man. I'm just joking, I wanna come” Peter dug his fingers into his eyes with a groan. He’d been planning on patrolling tonight, but he’s dirt broke. And if he’s broke he can’t get high. And If he can’t get high...well then life sucks even worse. Art slung an arm around his shoulder, jostling him a bit as they walked through Brooklyn. “Whatta ‘bout you, Pedro?”. Art was three years older than Peter, but only half as mature. The guy was like a brick with legs, tuff and big. Definitely the brawn of their crew. Gill was two years older, but he carried himself like he was grown. Gill was in charge, and he didn’t take shit from anyone. Peter pretended to be intimidated, and mostly just stayed out of his way. “What about what?”  “I mean, what do you wanna find, numb nuts?” Earlier that day, some meth head came up to Art, asking for a jump. Art’s got this real old 2000 Dodge. A shitty, beat down Dakota he hardly ever drives around. Partly because he never has gas money, and partly because some chick keyed it and he’s embarrassed. But the meth head said he’s getting evicted today, and he’s got a whole house full of shit he can't take with him. So the deal was, if Anton jumped his car, he could take anything he wanted from the house.  That's how Peter ended up walking to Brooklyn with these two idiots. He needed to find something to sell, so his head would shut up for a couple days. “Electronics” Peter offered. “Pills maybe”  “We find anything good, we’re splitting it”, Gill spoke up. Nobody argued. “It's that white one”, Art pointed ahead at a rundown two story house. The windows were tapped off, and the door was cracked open. All three boys stopped. This was a sketchy neighborhood. Especially at night. The three of them just waltzing up into some dope house was a bad idea. Peter was about to say fuck it, and turn around when- “Onetwothree not it!” “Not it!” Damn it. Peter shook his head and glared at his two friends. “What are you guys, six years old?” “Stop bitching, Pedro. You lost fair and square.” Gill nodded and shoved Peter forward. “Go check it out, see if anything’s valuable. We’ll keep watch and call you if something goes down” “I hate you”. The older boys just snickered, shoving him forward some more.  Peter took a deep breath as he walked up to the house, trying to zone in on his senses.
There was a pretty mild murmur of danger, nothing too serious. So he collected himself and walked up the decaying porch.  Pushing open the door, Peter did a double take. Holy shit, it reeks. Like cat piss and mildew time a thousand. His stomach flipped, so he covered his nose with the collar and his shirt. This really sucks. Like so bad. It was times like this when Peter wondered if his Aunt and Uncle were looking down on him. He hoped not. They’d have an aneurysm and die all over again. The sun was basically set and the light switches weren't working, so he fished his phone out of his pocket. Once he’d turned on the flashlight, he grimaced. Definitely a meth den. You couldn't hardly see the floor, with all the junk and miscellaneous fluids. The walls and ceilings crawled with mold, and bugs scurried everywhere. Yeah, no way was he going to check this place out. He’d do one quick run through, and then he’s gone. The living room had furniture and televisions, but they were so foul it wasn't even worth it. Peter moved on to what looked like a kitchen. He went to look through the cabine
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Whump
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
References to Drugs
Substance Abuse
BAMF Peter Parker
Kidnapped Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

