Chapter 1: The Cup of Water
    




Chapter Text
Charles carried two full buckets of water in the garden, poured the water over the herbs and then walked back to the pump to fill the buckets again. He had repeated this since the morning mass, and still the herb garden wilted right before his eyes in the midday sun. He poured the last drops over the foxgloves and sighed. The rain had been sparse this summer, and Charles had read many grateful prayers that at least some of the plants had survived this far. 
He picked up the empty buckets and turned to return to the water pump. He walked down the garden path, and stopped at the kitchen door. Sister Moira commanded the kitchen, and Charles had become quick friends with her since he had arrived to this monastery. She was a good woman, fair and strong. Today she had a whole flock of sullen novices gathered around the dish pails, soap foam up to their elbows. Charles rapped on the doorframe and she turned, smiling when she noticed it was him.
”I heard the bells chime as the end of Presentation. Is there any news from the Hall?”
She looked over the novices, satisfied that they were busy enough, before stepping outside to talk with him. She shot a disapproving glance at the sky as well, the heat taking its toll on everyone. 
“Nothing official,” she said, brushing her hands against her apron. She glanced around to see if anyone was in earshot. The novices were too occupied with their task to care about their discussion, and the servants didn't use the garden path at this time of day. She still lowered her voice to a whisper. “But after the morning mass, I heard the Prioress say to her clerk if there is no one chosen today, they should release this barbarian alpha back to the wild where he came, and summon an another one.” 
“It's against the Church ordinance to summon another alpha when one has already followed the call,” Charles said, thinking the ramifications. “The Prioress must be desperate if she even considers it. Insubordination like that would mean a setback to her plans to secure a seat in the Bishop Council.”
“Perhaps. Though I side with the Prioress on this one. The Alpha is a strange one, nothing like I've ever seen to follow the sacred call. Holy Adit forgive me for even saying this, but I felt relieved when the Alpha took no interest in me.”
Charles nodded, even though it was inconsiderate of her to say that. He couldn't participate in the Presentation but she could, so to say that she didn't want to be chosen was cruel. But Charles brushed that thought aside. He knew Moira's meaning, and decided not to read anything more into it. 
“You and Prioress agreeing on something? I think I'll go light a candle to honor this miraculous day!” Charles laughed and Moira laughed with him, shaking her head in disbelief.
“I think I'll do the same,” she said. “But no monastery has failed to complete the Fecundity rituals in the last five years, and I don't want us to break that record. Especially now, when the Abbess is sick.”     
Charles nodded in agreement, and picked up the buckets again. “I agree. This matter is in the hands of the Holy Mother Adit, and we must pray for Her guidance. And for Alpha's swift decision.”
“In Her name,” Moira said, and glanced at the novices again. Since her back had been turned for awhile now, they had started to wash less and giggle more. Moira shook her head. “Ah. Another lesson in the value of focus is in order. Stop by in an hour, I'll set a piece of fresh bread aside for you.”
“Thank you, I will,” Charles said and continued down the garden path.
The pump was near the old brick wall. It was a shady spot, the area tiled with smooth, round stones. He placed the first bucket under the pump and rolled up his sleeves, to start the familiar struggle to get the lever down for the first time. The pumping was easy when he got the motion going, but before that he had to put some muscle into it. The pump was temperamental, and didn't give anything for free. 
He had just gotten the first hesitant sputter of water, when novice Sean rushed to him, carrying a crystal pitcher in his hand.  
“Brother Charles, oh I'm so glad I found you! I need to ask you a big favor!”
Charles turned to look at him, while pumping the lever to keep the water going. The pitcher he held had a silver top, decorated with a figurine of a dove and a snake tangled in embrace. Charles recognized the emblem.
“You serve the Prioress today? I don't envy you novice,” Charles said and smiled, then nodded toward the water. “Go ahead, fill your pitcher. Though it's not much of a favor.”
“Thank you,” Sean said, pushing the pitcher under the stream of water. “But that's not the favor. You see, I was on my way to fetch water for the Hall when The Prioress ordered me to take water to the Abbess chambers instead. Would you mind helping me and taking a cup of water there, just to tide the Alpha over? It's hotter inside the Hall than out here, if you can believe it.”
“Water for the Alpha? 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Sebastian Shaw

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Religious Imagery & Symbolism
Convent
Religion
Mating Cycles/In Heat
First Meetings
Rituals
Weather
Gardens & Gardening
Churches & Cathedrals
Politics
Oral Sex
Bathing/Washing
Impregnation
Magic
Threats
Brothels
Fights
Escape
Spies & Secret Agents
Mpreg
Fanart
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Sebastian Shaw

