Chapter 1: Halloween
    




Chapter Text

October 31st 2005 7:12 PM

"-and in New Hope Luke kisses Leia and it's so gross but then in return of the Jedi Ben says Leia is Luke's sister!  So Uncle Rhodey?"

James Rhodes looks down at 4 year old Matthew Stark, who is currently building a spaceship from Legos.  Tony buys Matthew as many Legos as he wants, claiming they’re the perfect toy for a budding engineer.  At this point, Matty has more Legos than Denmark.  Pepper had to convince Tony not to build him a Lego playroom.  Matthew's brown eyes are wide and serious as he stares up at his uncle. 

"Yes Matty?"

"The moral of Star Wars is um you can't kiss anyone.  Never.  Because Luke kisses his sister and um Pame kisses Anakin and she dies and he is Darth Vader.  So no kissing, Uncle Rhodey."  Matthew says this as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world.

He can't help but grin at the reasoning, a laugh building up in his chest.

"Never, Matty?"  His voice is soft and a little teasing.  

"Never ever.  Or you turn into Darth Vader."

James reaches out and ruffles Matthew's hair, running his fingers through the messy curls.  "Got it.  I won't kiss anyone.  Did you tell your mommy and daddy about this?"

Matthew's lip sticks out in a pout.  "I tried but daddy kept kissing mommy even when um I said he was gonna turn into Darth Vader!"  Matthew lets out a huff of frustration at the memory.  He glares at the Lego pile as if the blocks had personally offended him.

"How about you go put on your Jedi costume?   Then if he turns into Darth Vader you have a lightsaber."  Matthew's eyes widen and he puts down the space ship he's building.  His face takes on a determined expression and he runs to his room.  James pulls out his phone, sending a quick text to Tony.


I just had to promise your kid I won't kiss anyone ever again


He starts tidying up the Legos and his phone dings


Tony: And you agreed?  The kid has you wrapped around his finger



I sent him to go put on his costume.  If you turn into Darth Vader, he'll use the lightsaber on you.


Quick little footsteps echo in the hallway and Matthew runs up to James, his child sized Jedi Robes flowing behind him.  James straightens the robes and fixes the belt of the costume.  It's obvious that Tony spared no expense and James suspects that they were made by someone who was on the actual costume crew for the movies.  The lightsaber is a birthday gift Tony made for Matthew.  It's the perfect size for small hands and when Matty presses a button it glows and makes noises just like in the movie.  

"Alright, buddy.  Smile for the camera. I gotta send your parents a photo."  Matthew grins and pulls his lightsaber from the belt clip.  James snaps a couple photos, sending them in an email to Pepper and Tony.


Just sent photos of the little Jedi.  We're about to head out, I'll have him call you before bed.


He grins at his little nephew.  "Ready to go trick-or-treating?"

Matthew squeals and practically vibrates from excitement.  "Yes!  Let's go Uncle Rhodey!"  He grabs James's hand and starts pulling him toward the front door.  James laughs, letting himself be pulled along.  He fumbles with the house keys, locking the door as they leave and shutting off the lights.  The Lego space ship lays forgotten on the table.

Happy is in Detroit with Tony and Pepper on business, so James makes sure Matthew is buckled up in his booster seat in the audi and drives them to a neighborhood about 10 minutes away.  Matthew chats the entire time about Star Wars and the Incredibles.  He very seriously informs James that he wants to be Edna Mode when he grows up before adding that he also wants to be a superhero jedi.  

-

October 31st 2005 7:54 PM

James Rhodes is trailing after Matthew Stark, going from one house to the next in the dark, when he feels a sharp stinging pain in his shoulder.  Too late, he realizes the pain is from a taser gun embedding itself in his muscles.  Before he can rip it out, 50,000 volts spike through his body and he collapses.  

He can do nothing but watch helplessly as a woman with a mask covers Matty's mouth with a white cloth.  

James tries to stand up through the pain, but the electricity starts up again and he's on the ground.  

Matty goes limp in the woman’s arm.  

James can hear a car starting and the electricity stops.  He forces himself to stand, turning around just in time to see a dark van turn the corner.  He only makes out the first three parts of the license plate- 5MQ.  

James can't breathe.

He starts yelling and everyone in the neighborhood stops what they're doing to help.  The police come and question everyone in the area.  They get security camera footage from the houses.  James feels like he should be doing more.  He's military- he's usually good in a crisis.  But not when it involves his nephew.

The police can't get any more information than the first three parts of the license plate.  

He calls Tony and Pepper.  Pepper cries and Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Pepper Potts's Biological Child
no beta we die like ben
Homeless Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
He doesn't get one
UPDATE- he finally gets one in chapter 29 (you're welcome)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

