Chapter 1: The Predicament
    




Chapter Text
The sunlight streamed through the drapes of his apartment, illuminating the form huddled up in the bed. The small crack in the window let in the sounds of another New York day, quickly rousing the slumbering person from his burrow. Steve Rogers blinked a bleary eye open to the sunlight waking him, yawning in his post-slumber confusion before a cold dread sank into his chest like a lead weight and he bolted into a sitting position. Glancing at his alarm clock, Steve groaned to find the red-illuminated numbers flashing "12:00" repeatedly.
"Shit." He growled, snatching his phone off of his table and staring in horror at the time. He was late. So very late.
Springing from the bed, he darted across the room, grabbing a suit from his closet and dressing without bothering to jump into the shower. He haphazardly fastened his tie around his neck before fleeing his apartment with briefcase in tow.
So fucking late.
There was a brief, maddening moment where he entertained the thought of skipping the coffee shop, though he knew realistically the consequences of such action would be dire at best and catastrophic at worst, and quickly made a bee-line for the Starbucks near his office. The line inside gave him pause, and a whimper of defeat escaped him.
"Steve!"
He looked up to see the friendly barista waving him to the front of the line, holding up the usual order in her hands with a huge grin on her face. Steve deflated and pushed his way to the front, grunting a few apologies here and there before grabbing the cups from her with a grateful and exhausted smile.
"Katie, you have no idea.. you've literally just saved my life." he breathed, smiling at her and tossing a generous tip into the tip jar before sprinting from the coffee shop and setting into a dead run for the office down the city block. Despite his rather intimidating size, the crowds were unrelenting as he pushed and shoved his way to the entrance of the building, the sunlight glinting off of the bronze placard hanging in bold, massive letters over the marble door frame. Pierce Publishing, one of the most prestigious publishing companies known to man, stood as the cornerstone of New York's publishing and editing field, and everyone who was lucky enough to get a job there fought tooth and nail to secure a position. Even a lowly executive assistant such as Steve Rogers. While anyone would be daunted by the leaps and bounds it would take to secure and ensure permanent employment there, it wasn't the sole reason for Steve's near daily anxiety over his job.
No... there was nothing that could be more harrowing than working for the free people's most prickly, cold-hearted, and emotionally void Chief Editor to ever walk the Earth. And James Barnes was more than proud to admit to being the demon-spawn of the professional world.
Steve barged into the nearly packed elevator with a grunted apology to his co-workers, taking a few scant moments to catch his breath as he held the coffee cups in his shaking hands. A quick glance to the side caught his immediate left's attention, and he offered up a weak smile. "One of those mornings.." was all he murmured, and received a sympathetic nod from his companion before the elevator fell into a deafening silence.
Upon arriving at his floor, he shoved his way out and began to march down the corridor, weaving his way through the crowds as he headed towards Mr. Barnes' office. Everyone who was anyone knew that it had to be hell working directly under the Chief Editor. No one really knew where Mr. Barnes had come from; only that he seemingly crawled from the stinking depths of Hell itself to make every single one of his employee's life a daily and exhausting tribulation.
Only a few people knew few details of Mr. Barnes' past and they were incredibly tight-lipped about it. James Barnes was a brilliant and iron-fisted tycoon that had graduated with his Master's degree from University at the tender age of 24. He'd immigrated from Russia to the United States three years ago with an editing and business degree clutched tightly in his grasp, and a soul void of any human sensibility. While James was a horror to work for , he was a brilliant businessman that streamlined the company into top ranks. Surely, had he the heart of any decent human being, he should have been a wonderful boss to anyone.
Instead, Steve felt like his dancing monkey, booking meetings, arranging PR conferences and hauling coffee and pastries whenever it struck Mr. Barnes' fancy. He was a glorified secretary at 26, who most certainly did not sign up for this bullshit.
"Steve, damn, you're cutting it close today!" a woman hissed to him over the receiver of her phone, and Steve sighed, holding up the coffees before him.
"It's just been one of those days, Lisa. I can't talk I got-" he started, though a passing file trolley he hadn't seen effectively cut off his sentence in a spray of coffee.
More importantly, James' coffee. Steve r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
brief mentions of past Steve Rogers/Sharon Carter

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - The Proposal Fusion
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
no powers
Alternate Universe - Marvel Avengers Fusion
inspired by the film The Proposal
i just watched this film and couldn't help myself
poor steve
Bruce and Clint are totally stoners
russian bucky
Past Abuse
trigger warning: past domestic abuse
this story is gradually diverging from the movie help
Inspiration
Tony Stark is an Asshole
Tony Stark Is Not Helping
Poor Bucky
stevexbucky - Freeform
Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Gay Sex
Dirty Talk
Smut
Shameless Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Bottom Bucky
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Men Crying
Drama & Romance
Drama
Triggers
Drowning
brief mention of underage sex
mild mentions of violence
Language
F-bombs
The Author Regrets Nothing
dat sex scene though
Oral Sex
Slow Burn
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
original take on the film
not like the film
Tango
Bucky Barnes & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Dancing
smut in chapter 9

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
brief mentions of past Steve Rogers/Sharon Carter

