Chapter 1: wish we could turn back time to the good old days
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
‘You realise that if I cast this spell, you will be forgotten by everyone who loves you. We will all forget about you.’Stephen’s words echoed in his head as he looked at Ned and MJ, their faces covered in dirt and the beginnings of tears as they realised what Peter meant.“We won’t- we won’t remember you?” MJ asked shakily, the sunrise making her hair glow ethereally as he imagined the cogs in her head turning in overdrive. “Surely there’s something we can do?”He shook his head, heart breaking as her eyes started to turn glassy. “It’s the only way.”He hated to break her heart so soon, but it was the only way to stop the multiverse tearing and wreaking havoc upon everyone who lived on Earth. The sacrifice of one life for billions was in his hands and he couldn’t be selfish, not when it had led to all of this in the first place. Well, being selfish wasn’t entirely correct. He’d wanted his family and friends to be safe and continue with their lives; it was his carelessness that caused this mess.“You’ll find us, right?” Ned asked, his breath starting to hitch as a tear trickled down his face. “You know where we’ll be.”“Of course,” Peter replied, ignoring his subconscious telling him not to in fear of them dying too. They couldn’t die, not because of him. Not when May had died because she had tried to help just like Ned and MJ had.“I’ll figure it out again if you don’t,” MJ half-warned, giving a shaky smile when he turned to her.He didn’t doubt her; she was incredibly smart and if he found her after she forgot him, she would figure it out with a couple of hints. It was the question of if he dropped the hints or if he was too obvious. What if he asked about the necklace and triggered a memory? What if he asked how she and Ned met and hopefully she realised there was a gap in her memories that correlated with Europe-He needed to calm down and think. Stephen hadn’t used the spell yet and he was anticipating too many things at once. He would need to find a place to live and a job and all his things from the remains of the apartment…he almost regretted his decision. The aspect of starting from scratch was a daunting thing, like a pile of homework that was due the next day and it was already midnight and he had done none of it.“I hope so.”The odds had been stacked against him before and he had beaten them (albeit the recent one was with help from two versions of himself) and he had kept hope with him throughout. He’d have to make sure he could carry on hope and pray the loneliness promised to him in a few minutes wouldn’t trap him.He turned to Ned, completing one last handshake as he savoured every last minute with them. The hug was comforting and bittersweet as the sun rose over New York, warming them as much as November could. As the threat fell into the shadows, the sun would continue to warm them and give Peter hope that maybe, just maybe, that if things went right, he could see Ned again.He struggled to believe he was saying goodbye to his best friend; the guy who had supported him through the bullying during elementary and stayed with him to study to get into Midtown’s best STEM school. Ned, who helped him grieve after Ben’s death when he bottled everything up because he didn’t want to burden May who was already struggling to pay the bills. Ned, who was his guy in the chair and helped him out during patrols and patched him up and comforted him with Lego and Star Wars.He smiled weakly at his best friend as the lump in his throat tried to choke him, blinking away tears as he turned to MJ, worry and love shrouding her form as they kissed. He’d find her, no matter what. Even if he kept his distance, he’d find her and Ned again and make sure they were safe.“I love you,” she said as they broke apart, hands still intertwined. A new pain stabbed his heart as her words sunk in, slowly aching all over his figure as he struggled to find the strength to say it back. He didn’t want to leave her, not when his life had been perfect for about a week and he had felt at ease. “You can say it back when you find us, okay?”He nodded as she smiled one of her rare genuine ones. The ones he would see when they were calling late into the night and he was dozing off and they stayed quiet, simply enjoying each other’s presence, and he cracked his eyes open to see MJ smiling at his half-asleep figure, thinking he had fallen asleep. The one she gave him after the effort he’d made on their adorably awkward first date after he’d fumbled with his coffee cup and spilt it on his jeans and she’d given him tissues, watching as he rambled on about how Pepper Potts would dominate the world.He'd find them. They had confidence in him and he knew he’d come to find them eventually.He mentally prepared himself for what was about to happen, taking in a deep breath before wincing as his healing ribs protes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Aaron Davis & Peter Parker
Jefferson Davis & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Herman Schultz
Peter Parker & Yuriko "Yuri" Watanabe
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Time Travel
Fix-It
Time Travel Fix-It
Fluff
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Protective Michelle Jones
Protective Ned Leeds
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
BAMF Stephen Strange
Trauma
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Peter’s gonna have to fight for every victory ngl
kind of at the third quarter of Spider-Man Homecoming
Injured Peter Parker
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Major Character Injury
Injury Recovery
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Happy Hogan
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Supportive May Parker (Spider-Man)
Ned Leeds Has Magic
BAMF Peter Parker
but he has to earn it at times
Karen an amazing AI and no one can tell me otherwise
Protective Tony Stark

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Aaron Davis & Peter Parker
Jefferson Davis & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Herman Schultz
Peter Parker & Yuriko "Yuri" Watanabe
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker

