Chapter 1: HP/Naruto, aka- Don't Save Me
    


Summary:

Harry is the Master of Death and Death, unfortunately, has its own plans.



Notes:
This chapter has already been expanded for a story, Don't Save Me, which I will probably post here on Ao3 when I have a new chapter for it. Otherwise you can find the first full chapter on ff.net. Gotta be honest, I kinda lost motivation for the fic after some of the reviews I got. Which is too bad cause I have a couple thousand words left over for it. Oh well, maybe when I start vegging on episodes of Shippuden I will start working on it again.




Chapter Text

 

-Battle of Hogwarts-


-The Train Platform-

"So I can go back?" Harry asked.
Dumbledore nodded pleasantly.
"But what if I don't want to?"
Dumbledore's eyes lost of bit of their twinkle. "I suppose... you could go on in that case. But, my boy-"
"I walked into the forest to die, Professor," Harry said quietly. He looked up at Dumbledore's silent face. "I went to Voldemort to die. I accepted it, do you really think I can just go back?"
"No, my boy," the professor said sadly, looking more like an old man in that moment than the day he had died. "I suppose you cannot."
Harry nodded and stood. "I wish I could do something for him," he said as he looked over to the weeping piece of Voldemort. "There's really nothing…?"
"No, Harry." Dumbledore stood as well. "The wounds on his soul can be healed by none other than himself. He is too far gone now to benefit from any kindness you might give him."
"Then, I guess there's nothing left for me here," Harry said, hesitant now that the moment was truly here. This was both easier and harder than walking into the forest had been. He turned to face Dumbledore. "Will I see you again?"
"Should you ever look for me, I am certain I will be there to be found," Dumbledore said with a sad smile.
Harry nodded. That was good enough for now. He turned to the train platform. Now that he felt more sure about his choice, he knew a train would be coming soon. It would be good to see his parents again, and Remus, and Sirius. Harry smiled. Especially Sirius.
-Chunnin Exam Invasion-

-Konohagakure-

Sarutobi gasped for breath around the blood filling his mouth. The Shinigami should have pulled the rest of Orochimaru's soul out by now. Why was it only hovering in place between his student's body and his own? He couldn't risk the jutsu failing now!
Orochimaru glared and hissed curses as he tried to call his sword further into his teacher's gut. Enma was doing his best to keep the blade from inching forward, but tied up as he was it was a losing battle. Just as Sarutobi thought he should send whatever reserves of chakra he had left into the jutsu, a cold voice spoke, breaking not only his own concentration, but that of the only other who could hear it as well.

"You have no chakra left."

Orochimaru glared over Sarutobi's head, a flash of terror covered quickly with a smirk. "It seems you're finished, Sarutobi-sensei."
Sarutobi coughed. "It's not… the end…" The Shinigami had hold of his student's soul! That should be enough to seal him, shouldn't it?
"Would you please die already, Sarutobi-sensei," Orochimaru mocked. Now that the Shinigami had revealed his teacher's weakness, his confidence was returning. But he still flinched when the Shinigami began speaking again.

"You ran out of chakra a while ago, Sarutobi Hiruzen."

Sarutobi was too exhausted to do more than pant and clutch Orochimaru's stiff shoulders, but the horror that swept through him when the being he thought was under his control revealed otherwise sent a shiver down his spine.

"Why then, do I remain here?"

Sarutobi risked a glance over a shoulder to find the Shinigami grinning widely.

"I have an offer for you, Sarutobi Hiruzen."

Sarutobi's eyes widened. An offer? This shouldn't be possible. Minato-kun's notes on the Shiki Fuujin said that the Shinigami was only brought to the mortal world temporarily to seal the target of the jutsu. The Shinigami should be bound so tightly by the will of the jutsu's caster that it would act only to carry out the jutsu's goal.
Except Sarutobi was all out of chakra to control the jutsu...
"You summoned me to seal three souls for the price of your own." The Shinigami's frigid voice rang out again, and Saurtobi was certain he could detect a tone of smugness beneath the harsh words. That only made listening to the being more terrifying. "Three souls are not equal to one."
Sarutobi felt a pain, greater than the Shinigami's icy arm passing through his chest, stab into his heart. He had risked this jutsu with it's desperate price so that Orochimaru might be eliminated or at least weakened, but now it sounded as though his efforts would be for nothing.
"Of course, one soul is not equal to one soul either," the Shinigami said flatly, "but I was willing to overlook that before."
Before? Sarutobi thought, That must be a reference to Minato using the Shiki Fuujin on the Kyuubi. The possibility of someone 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Crossover
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions
Multiple Crossovers
Ficlet Collection
Harry-centric

fandom: 
None
