Chapter 1





Chapter Text



Nimble fingers worked at Lady Katherina von Bishop’s back untying her bodice. One by one the ribbons holding her waist became undone and she came into her own body finally.
Her skirts were next. Dressing was such a tedious ritual that she imagined it was somebody other than her maid Maria undressing her. Perhaps Princessa América from today’s dinner, a new visitor from the Spanish colonies come with her uncle. 
She shivered when her skirts dropped to the floor and she stepped out wearing just her chemise.  
Signing loudly she remarked, “How good it feels to breathe again, Maria.”
Her maid laughed softly. “A small price to pay for dazzling the court with your waist, I should say. The count especially could not keep his eyes of you.”
“Heaven forbid. If I must have the attractions of a man I hope he’s at least young enough to not need a wig.” 
“Older men aren’t wholly bad,” Maria said as she combed through Katherina’s long black hair, which was tumbling in soft curls down her back. “They can be more tender with their feeble arms.”
Katherina pulled a face that luckily the maid could not see. 
“Did you see Princessa América?” Maria asked. 
“Hm,” Katherina assented, the comb had just then scratched the scalp of her head at a certain angle that made her toes curl. 
“Such jewels, mi’lady, and did you see how low her bodice was! It’s a miracle her bosom did not all spill out. Very daring of her.” 
Katherine did not comment. She remembered the picture well as she had felt very warm upon the princess’s arrival and her mother had commended her for how pretty Katherina had looked then, asking what blush she had procured. Katherina had only smiled in response. 
“There. You’re all ready for bed. Shall I top up the fire for you mi’lady?”
“No need, Maria. You may go. Good night.”
Katherina lingered until she was sure Maria had departed to the basement with the rest of the servants and the lights went out. 
She went over her plans one more time, then she leant over to peel off the loose floorboard by her bed and pulled out her trunk which held the outfit and weapons of the Night watchman. 
She kept it locked and hidden for two reasons. Firstly, one could never trust servants - gossip would spread fast, and secondly, her mother could never know the contents. If she knew the nature of what Katherina did at night she would be sent to a convent and she would never be able to do any good to the citizens of Bavaria.
Katerina knew early on that she wasn’t going to be able to make a difference through politics. Not like her father. She had caused a ruckus of disapproval when she had suggested the Earl open a school for girls or the Mayor fund an orphanage to prevent children begging on the streets. So she took matters into her own hands. 
She dressed herself swiftly, catching a glimpse of herself in the mirror. She couldn’t recognise herself in her suit of leather armour. She looked tall, powerful and mysterious. Slamming her mask shut, she swung her bow and arrow across her back and opened her window. 
She had discovered this escape when she was little, luckily bits of brick had been scraped off making ideal stepping stones for her feet. She had also gardened a hedge right underneath her window too to break any potential falls. 
All the family she had in the world lived in this estate - her mother, the Duchess von Bishop and her two dogs. Katherina learned early on to always distract them with chunks of bacon and bones from dinner to prevent them barking madly like they did for intruders. 
She skipped to the stables where her horse Midnight was tied up. Affectionately stroking him before mounting him, she whispered. “Godspeed, Midnight.” 
And then she was finally free. 
✨✨✨
After an hour of riding she entered the Black forest. Whistling sharply she slowed her horse to a canter. A rustling from the trees told her she was not alone. She whistled again - 4 sharp notes.  
The same notes were promptly sung back to her. 
Five figures arose from the forest wielding axes. Grills and his men. She had met them in her early days of dropping off supplies, and they had been eager to offer help. The knowledge she gained from her mother’s contacts and their knowledge of the lands made them more successful. 
Grills spoke. “We received your note. What news?”
She deepened her voice before speaking. “Tonight Baron Zemo will be journeying on the road from Stuttgart where he has collected another round of taxes. He does not store it all in his Goldsmyth as he won’t wish for the Emperor to find out how much he is taking. 
“So we’ll meet him on this road. What’s the plan?”
“I will take out Zemo’s drivers. Grills, you and your men focus on taking out the riders. There will probably be at least four. 
Take all the gold and supplies you can and head straight to the villages. 
And remember no killing!”
✨✨✨
Waiting was the hardest part.
After what had to be at least an hour, the trotting of horses could be heard. 
Katherina patte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
BBC Robin Hood inspired
There will be smut and angst
Gay historical bishova
Assassin in love with the mark trope
Masturbation
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

