Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There’s really no sugarcoating it –Tony Stark is the biggest fuck up in the history of time. Of course he would ruin everything. All this does is prove yet again that Howard  knew what he was talking about – Tony doesn’t deserve to have nice  things. As the spot beside him in bed rapidly cools beneath his  hand while the filters clear the air of heat and the smell of desire,  Tony finds himself faced with two options. 1) Stay in bed until morning and pretend none of this ever happened. Or, 2)  Retreat to the kitchen, where he has a bottle of Glenfiddich  40-year-old Scotch whisky waiting for him. Calling to him, more like, as  it does whenever anything goes wrong in Tony’s life, which these days is pretty much a 24/7 thing. Actually, there is a third option, but he really doesn't want to do it. He really doesn’t. It involves talking, and Tony’s not quite prepared for that, not now and not ever. In  the end, surprise of surprises, he chooses option two, hair of the dog,  but that does mean he has to pass the TV room, and what do you know –  Steve is there. Still there, sitting awkwardly on the end of the sofa  nearest the fireplace in Tony’s custom-made Dior dressing gown, looking  not at all devirginized as per plan. It’s totally not how he imagined Steve would look ‘the morning after’. Should  he have had a plan other than just bedding the guy? Some hastily  thought out strategy of approach at least? He should have certainly been  more thoughtful without one. From his vantage point behind Steve, he  can see the remnants of a bite mark just below where the now messy blond  hair meets the powerful neck, and…yeah when he thinks about it he  probably could have been a bit gentler, even with the whole  super-healing thing. Not exactly the best way to introduce a senior  citizen to twenty-first century moral depravity and the delights  thereof. Tony stands at the entrance to the room for a moment,  but he knows he’s not going to be able to sneak past. So he just goes  for it. “JARVIS, lights at thirty percent.” Startled blue eyes  turn to meet his. In fact the man’s whole body is tense, like just  before a fight, as if he’s not even sure if he has the right to sit on  the fancy leather cushions. ‘This is all your fault, Tony, you idiot,’  he thinks, ‘How could you make Captain fucking America feel like he  can’t sit on your couch?’ Steve shouldn’t ever have to feel that way. “Do  you want me to go?” the man asks, softly. Tony cringes, half at the  question and half at the burgeoning pounding in his head. Cap leaving is  the last thing he wants. But he also wants his cold glass of whisky in  his hand, to be honest. “Naw,” he mumbles. “At least try to get a  good night’s sleep. Good American boys should get their eight hours,  right?” Then he remembers the time. “Well, three hours is better than  nothing.” Steve’s sets his mouth in a firm line as Tony smacks his palm  to his forehead. “All right, look, I’m not gonna kick you out like  you’re some…” investor, intern, escort, actor, Vanity Fair reporter, “I  mean, you can sleep. Or do whatever. JARVIS, put some tea on or  something-” “No, Tony, it’s fine.” “No, it’s not, I-”  Well, actually his brain is coming up blank. Steve looks at him like  he’s waiting for the explanation, but when it doesn’t come the Captain  turns away again. “I'm going to go,” he says. “Please  don’t.” At first he doesn’t realize that he’s actually said it out loud.  Since when do Starks say please? “Look, I’ve got CSI and Grey’s Anatomy  recorded somewhere, JARVIS can help you find it.” “I’ve got an early start tomorrow. Err, today, I guess. Just let me find my clothes and you can have your really comfortable robe back.” “What  was it?” Slowly Tony’s coming to the startling realization that somehow  he’s now on the opposite end of his usual morning after talk. It’s  starting to feel like in a few minutes Pepper’s going to come in and  give him his dry-cleaning and a taxi voucher, and possibly security if  he gets really uppity. “Was it the blue and red bedsheets? Completely  coincidental, by the way.” “I just wasn’t comfortable,” Steve explains, just bluntly enough for Tony to get it. It’s not you, it’s me.  “It was too fast for me.” Okay, too fast. Back up. Let’s start from the beginning. * Tony  Stark and Steve Rogers aren't friends. Steve wakes up from his sleep,  has his brief flip out, and Tony just happens to be one of the first  people Fury decides to call in about this. God knows why; Tony knows  full well that S.H.I.E.L.D. has proper psychologists for this sort of  thing. He’s been ordered to see them more times than he can count. The  likeliest reason is because he is already in New York, at Stark tower,  trying to work for once. It could also be partly because Coulson found  the prototype shield in his workshop and caught on to the fact that he  used to be the biggest Captain America fan in the world, or quite  possibly the universe, now that he’s met a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humor
Drama
First Time
First Date
Warning: Physical violence from one main character to the other

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

