Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony came awake with a jolt. For a moment – a single pure moment – all there’d been was the darkness and the distant, fading sensation of pressure. The black had come to swallow him whole, the pain had stopped. They had all been safe, all of them. Free and alive and well. He’d been drowning in blissful, rapturous relief.But then? But then the flash. And the jolting awake.Searing agony, burning up and down his arms, centred in his chest. Choking in his throat and- 
Oh god.
Sensation had returned with a vengeance.Pepper had said that he could rest now, but his heart was screaming and he couldn’t breathe. His ears were ringing, his lungs desperate, his sight stuttering in and out and oh god-Desperately bucking up against the- the thing holding him down, Tony howled in miserable spasms and begged, begged, begged for the torment to end, for the black nothingness to come back. He just wanted it all to stop, he’d thought it would stop! The incinerating burning burning burning of the stones was supposed to stop!Red flashed across his vision while he convulsed, a blood splattered scalpel and gore soaked gauze. Vibrant and violent against the dark haze beyond. And the voices. Shouting and yelling, harsh constants that made no sense, that rose and fell with the wavering of the light.There was light? Dim and orange – no, harsh and white too but still more shadow than illumination, a blinding glow that revealed almost nothing even as his eyes watered. And in it, blurs of motion that flitted about as he flailed upwards again, back arching and hands scrabbling uselessly.Sweat trickled down his face as his head thrashed back and forth, the burning pressure on his torso increasing as he struggled. And then the light dimmed once more as something moved towards him. The flash of red again, the dull gleam of metal. And then his chest!Scraping, clawing, stabbing anguish. Tony screamed as his eyes rolled back into his head.She’d promised him rest.
Tony came awake again. Another jolt. An instant rush from nothing into awareness, his eyes snapping open and his muscles tensing.His throat was dry as he held back a pitiful moan, and every one of his limbs was suffused with a dull ache. Blinking rapidly against the freezing air, he stared up into the darkness for a long second, his thoughts stuttering.He knew that roof. That damp rocky expanse. Coughing weakly as he tried to breath through the instinctual panic, he pawed feebly at his face, already knowing what he was going to find there. With clumsy fingers, he grasped the thin tube, desperately trying not to retch as he slowly pulled it up out of his nose. As soon as it was free, he took as deep a breath as he was able to around the casing he knew was once again embedded in his chest.“Fuck,” he rasped lowly as he patted weakly at the wad of bandages he knew better than to tear open this time.He found the wires quickly, careful not to pull them taut as he followed them up to the car battery he also knew was waiting for him. “Fuck,” he repeated again, his voice a keening wail when he found the damned thing sitting innocuously on a low table next to him. He was in hell, he realised, tears brimming in his eyes. He was in hell and hell was a cave in Afghanistan.
“S’an electromagnet right?” he asked tiredly as he pulled the thin ratty blanket off his cot and wrapped it around his shoulders. He’d forgotten how hellishly cold the cave had been, how damp and grimy and miserable. Icy water dripping down the slimy back wall, cloying dust and grit stirred up with every shuffled foot, and a never ending chill that seeped into your very bones and stayed there. “Yes, very intuitive of you,” Yinsen smirked back as he continued stirring a pan of flavourless soupy bean mush. “I removed as much shrapnel as I could, but there’s a lot left and it’s headed for your atrial septum.”“Sheer dumb luck that the old weapons division used magnetic metals in the inner shell cases before I shut it down,” Tony sighed quietly to himself, swiping a shaking hand down over his clammy face. “Yay for me.”“I’ve seen many wounds like that in my village,” Yinsen continued on with a frown, turning to grab a small, filthy vial. Tony caught it with both hands when it was tossed gently to him, and held it up to one of the flickering floodlights. Just as he remembered, tiny shards of metal tumbled about inside it as he rotated it and he glared at them balefully before glancing back up at the doctor. “We call them the walking dead because it takes about a week for the barbs to reach the vital organs.”“Am I Rick Grimes or Dayrl Dixon?” Tony quipped half-heartedly before he could think better of it. “I take it that’s a reference I’m supposed to get?”“They’re- never mind, hasn’t been filmed yet. Won’t start until 2010 and I never watched it anyway.”“That’s the second time now that you’ve spoken of the future as if it’s the past,” Yinsen commented mildly with a raised eyebrow. “Should I be concerned?”“Well 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Therapy
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel Fix-It
Magic
Sorcerer Tony
Over Powered Tony
So OP
No Bashing
Extremis Tony Stark
Loki is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Thor is Not Stupid (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
It may be 2022 but I am still Civil War Salty
Seriously no bashing tho
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Wong didn't get snapped

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Therapy
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

