Work Text:
Tony isn't the type of person to pine quietly.  He pines loudly, makes his interest known to all and sundry, and no one pays any attention because this is Tony after all.  He’s not actually serious. It’s a way of hiding things out in the open, lets him be dramatic and pathetically in love, and hell, who doesn’t love a lover?  He’s never had a problem finding someone to warm his bed, but he always gets men and women throwing themselves in his direction when he’s completely besotted with someone else, and he admits, it helps, being wanted, even if it’s by the completely wrong person.And Steve, well, Steve’s made it perfectly clear that, for him, Tony is the wrong person, hasn’t he?So when Tony’s not following Steve around, making puppy dog eyes and offering to buy him Brooklyn in exchange for a smile, he throws himself into project after project and loses hours in alcohol and meaningless flirting.  It works, even if for every step forward, he feels like he takes two back, crumbling every time Steve frowns at him because he’s running himself ragged.  Steve cares.  He just doesn’t care as much as Tony wants him to. "Tony, what are you doing?"He winces as the light comes on in the hall and squints at Steve, wishing he could make the worry disappear from his face.  Except for the part of him that kind of rejoices in the fact that Steve worries about him and wants to keep doing things, good or bad, that’ll grab Steve's attention and focus it on him.So, issues.  He has them."Steve," he says, pointedly not slurring.  "Isn't it past your bedtime?  Early to bed and early to rise makes a man wealthy and rise—wait, healthy and—you know, whatever.  That rhyme.""I thought we talked about this," Steve says, ignoring the rambling as if he's used to Tony by now, which, okay, but still. "You said you weren't going to drink so much anymore,” he says, disappointment heavy in his voice. "I only had like five glasses," he says, which is completely reasonable in his opinion."Five really big glasses?" Steve sighs.  They stare at each other for what seems like an eternity, and just as with everything Steve does, it’s too much and not even close to enough. Eventually, Steve comes over and slings Tony's arm over his shoulders, turning them toward Tony's room, pretending for his sake that they wouldn't be making better progress if he'd just picked Tony up and carried him—something he'd agreed never to do again after the one time that had led to a cleanup in the hall and a new pair of slippers for Steve.They don’t say anything for a while, which Tony’s grateful for.  He’s not in the mood for conversation, just wants to bask in Steve’s presence, and he closes his eyes as they walk.  Well, as Steve walks and Tony stumbles alongside him, not because he needs to—he’s drunk, but maybe not quite as drunk as he's making himself out to be—but because he likes the feel of their bodies bumping against each other, hoards each touch in his memory to dwell on later.  Of course, the other possibility is that he’s way drunker than he thinks he is, which unfortunately has been known to happen, although it’s only discovered after the fact when he’s nursing a splitting hangover and wondering how the goldfish got in his shoe.  If that’s the case, then he’s in a lot of trouble, because he and self-control do not play well together, and that’s when he’s sober.Tony starts suspecting it might be door number two after all when Steve turns but he keeps right on going, mashing his face against Steve’s cheek, which is rather nice in a stubbly sort of way.  It’s all he can do not to lick it.This is the point where he really needs to cut his losses and hide—what had been in those drinks, fucking hell—before he makes even more of a complete ass of himself, but then Steve tightens his grip around Tony’s waist and pulls him in closer, and fuck, he’s so fucked, so fuckety fucking fucked.There’s nothing in the world that can stop him from inhaling as deeply as he can and then holding it, steeping his lungs with Steve’s scent for endless moments, before letting it out and then doing it all over again.And while Tony knows he’s going to be blamed for this if Steve figures out what he’s doing, Steve’s really the one at fault, because he didn’t bother to ask if Tony could make it to his room on his own, and Tony’s too drunk not to take advantage of the situation a little, the burn of the alcohol nothing compared to the burn of Steve's fingers as he touches Tony, his hands so damn capable and strong that he can't help but lean into them. By the time Steve rolls him onto the bed, Tony decides it’s not alcohol he’s drunk on but Steve, and like any junkie needing his fix, he keeps clinging to him, pretends to struggle with his clothes just to get more of those excruciating touches on his arms, at his sides.  Just one more touch, and then he’ll let go.  Just one more.  He’s not hurting anyone but himself after all.But it’s Steve who finally pulls away, not him, and he d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Pining
Romance
First Time
Chinese Translation Available

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

