Chapter 1: I - Algo Contigo
    




Chapter Text
It’s her first day of class, and she’s already late. “Excuse me, ma’am, could you help me? I need to find the lecture hall where Dr. Myriad is giving the International Law master’s introduction, but it doesn’t say where we’re supposed to go in the schedule,” Kate begs, practically shoving her phone on the poor woman’s face, “I’m really late, I can’t keep wandering around”. The clerk adjusts her glasses further up her nose and squints at the screen, “Oh dear, that lecture is to be given in the Aularium, see?” She zooms in a small red footnote at the corner of the document, where it clearly states that all the master’s classes will indeed take place in the Central Aularium. The Central Aularium, which happens to be at about fifteen minutes away – running - from Law School, where she is currently standing. It’s her first day of class and she’s already late. And nowhere near to where she is supposed to be. Kate takes off so quickly she almost forgets her phone, barely shouting a “Thanks!” above her shoulder. She’s close to the building when she sees a big ass sign with blue, bold letters welcoming the new I.L. master’s students, clearly indicating where her lecture is scheduled. Yeah, great help now. Assholes. “Wait!” someone yells behind her, making her stop and turn around. A guy around seemingly around her age is running after her almost out of breath. She wonders if she dropped something on her way here, checking her pockets frantically for her phone. “You’re also late to Myriad’s introduction, right? I overheard you back there,” says the boy now stopping in front of her, a little out of breath, “We’re classmates. Name’s Peter,” he says extending a hand. Kate shakes it hurriedly, giving him a small smile, “Kate. Nice to meet you, Peter. Ready to be -” she stops to check her watch “twenty-two minutes late on our first day?” “It’s totally my thing.” She pushes the door with so much force she worries for a minute about denting the wall with it. Mom would love to hear about that, she thinks fleetly to herself, focusing now on finding a way to enter the classroom as discreetly as possible. “Okay, any ideas?” whispers Peter to her right from where he is peeking through the window. The professor is already writing on the board, the rest of their classmates taking notes or tipping away on their computers. She thinks of the feel of eyes on her, the burning sensation in her cheeks when she is the center of attention, and curses herself. Shit. “Yes, I say we confidently leave now and just come to the next class,” Kate answers pitifully, but before she has time to turn around a lithe body crashes into her. “Ow, sorry” a sweet, high-pitched voice apologizes while Kate takes a couple of steps back, adding distance between her and her aggressor. It just turns out to be a very cute, redhead aggressor. “Fuck me, the class has already started?” A very cute, redhead aggressor with a very cute accent who also happens to be late. “Yeah, welcome to the club,” answers Peter in camaraderie, “I’m Peter, and the one you just pushed into the wall is Kate,” he says pointing at her. The mention of her name makes her blink, and she forces herself to get her shit together. Stop being a fucking mess when there’s a pretty girl around, Bishop, she berates to herself. She lifts her hand and gives what she hopes is a welcoming smile to the girl, who thankfully looks just as flustered as Kate feels. “Oh god, yes. Sorry about that, I was so worried about making a fool of myself in front of our class that I didn’t even see you” she says sheepishly, “I’m Wanda, and I guess I’m now a member of your late club.” “Cool, at least we get to know each other before we’re thrown in there” replies Peter tilting his head to the closed door behind them. “Nice to meet you, Wanda,” finally, her brain seems to regain its normal functioning, “I was just telling Peter we should ditch introduction and come later to our first class, what do you say?” “Introductions are always just nonsense talk, anyways. We can just ask someone later if Myriad said something relevant,” Peter joins her cause, and she can already tell they’ll get along fine alright. Wanda bites her lip casting a glance through the door’s window, but the corners of her mouth turn up in a second, “Well… My best friend’s inside, so I guess I can pass whatever notes she takes to you guys. We’re already more than half an hour late, anyways.” “Awesome,” Peter does a kind of lame kind of cute fist pump in the air and links both his arms through theirs, “Let’s go then, ladies!” They end up sitting on some stairs drinking black, sour coffee from a machine, but it’s nice. She fins out Peter studied law in New York, too, just a couple of years ahead of her, and that Wanda came to the U.S. as a refugee from Sokovia, went to a community college, and was so amazingly bright she was awarded a scholarship here. The conversation flows naturally with Peter’s energy and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Slow Burn
Falling In Love

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

