Chapter 1: 9 to 5
    




Chapter Text
 
    
 
Workin' 9 to 5,What a way to make a livin'Barely gettin' byIt's all takin' and no givin'They just use your mindAnd they never give you creditIt's enough to drive you crazyIf you let it9 to 5, for service and devotionYou would think that IWould deserve a fair promotionWant to move aheadBut the boss won't seem to let meI swear sometimes that man is out to get me 

 (9 to 5 by Dolly Parton) 

 

1987, 1st Police Precent, Manhattan, New York

 
James Buchanan Barnes groaned as he looked at his reflection in side mirror of his car. Like usual, he looked like crap. He didn’t put much effort into his appearance, not like most Omegas. He rarely wore makeup, his hair was unkempt, usually just pulled back into a loose bun, and he walked around in slacks and an ill-fitting blouse that hid his figure, his police badge hanging around his neck. He sighed, it wasn’t like he didn’t want to doll himself up every now and then but he hardly got any respect as it was, if he gave into everything he wanted, everything he craved, everything he really was, he’d be treated worse and be seen as a fucking joke. Well, more so than he already was. Being an Omega was hard and being an Omega cop was harder. Especially when you were the only one on the force. The brunette pursed his lips and picked up the paper cup of coffee he had grabbed on his way to work. A lot of people didn’t understand why he did what he did, why he had chosen this path. He came from a family of cops, his father, a cop, his older sister, a cop, of course they were also Alphas. His father had been more than a little disappointed when he presented as an Omega. He had given up on the brunette at that very moment, telling Bucky he wasn’t expecting much out of him. That he would never amount to anything, and if he was lucky, maybe he could land a rich Alpha. It had cut worse than a knife and at that moment Bucky made a vow that he would prove his father wrong, prove everyone wrong. So, he pushed everything down, suppressed emotions, ignored his wants, and by some kind of miracle, got into the police academy. They had made it clear he had only gotten in as a way to prove they were trying to be more progressive about Omegas. The whole thing was bullshit, but he would take the technicality and run with it. Despite the lackluster expectations from everyone surrounding him, he passed with flying colors, and after spending some listless months as a meter maid, he had managed to get a position in the Organized Crime Unit, as a diversity hire. He was thrown into an Alphas Club. The other cops didn’t want him there and the only way he managed to make it this far without being run out, was to play their game, be part of their club. So, he was just one of the Alphas. He drank with them, fought with them, and whenever his secondary gender was brought up, they would laugh, say it was lucky he had this job because no Alpha with self-respect would ever want someone like him. Whatever, Bucky didn’t care. He was a fighter, and he was never going to stop fighting. In the end, everyone was just another opponent. Another obstacle. Honestly, it wasn’t even about joining the force anymore, it was just about proving a point. Clearing his throat, a bit he made his way into the station, raising his cup in greetings at the only other Omega in the building, the front desk secretary. “Morning, Officer Barnes.” Peter Parker chirped, a young Omega who was currently going to NYU, just doing this as a way to pay for tuition. “The Chief wanted to meet with you, said it was important.” Bucky raised a brow at that. The Chief never wanted to meet with him. “He mention what it was about?” “You know they don’t tell me anything.” Peter said with a sigh. “They don’t tell me much more, Kid.” Bucky replied, pursing his lips. He had to wonder if this was it. Was he going to get canned? It would make sense; they hadn’t been happy with him since day one. “Good luck.” Peter said with a small smile, getting just another raise of a coffee cup in thanks. ~*~*~*~ As soon as he opened the door to Chief Pierce’s office, he felt his heart pick up speed. The older man wasn’t the only one in the room, Officers Rumlow and Rollins were also there, all sitting around a table with files strewn about. At the forefront of the large room was a whiteboard with some mugshots pinned up with magnets and several notes written in a wide array of colorful marker. The men were all in conversation and barely acknowledged him when he entered the room. In fact, he only got their attention when he loudly cleared his throat. At that point, all three looked over at him and Alexander Pierce, the Police Chief, stood up from his spot at the head of the conference table. “Officer Barnes, please, take a seat.” He said, motioning to a free chair that was next to him. Bucky just nodded his head, ignoring Brock and Jack as he walked past them and plopped down on a plastic chair. He wanted to say something
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - 1980s
1980s
Organized Crime
Crimes & Criminals
Mob Boss Steve Rogers
undercover cop bucky barnes
Corruption
Drug Use
Out of Character
Dark Steve Rogers
i actually mean it this time
Character Death
Sexism
Crossdressing
Feminization
Bucky is a tough cookie but also a sex kitten
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bearded Steve Rogers
Sugar Daddy Steve Rogers
Sugar Baby Bucky Barnes
Omega Verse
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Strippers & Strip Clubs
Rough Sex
Drama & Romance
Betrayal
dirty cops
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
going to the dark side
george is a piece of shit
Revenge
Seduction
Loss of Identity
Stripper Bucky Barnes
Sex Drugs and Rock and Roll
Makeover
Bucky finds himself
Slutty Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Possessive Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Protective Bucky Barnes
Dark Bucky Barnes
Oral Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

