Chapter 1: Plum
    




Chapter Text
Kate told herself it was a heightened superhero sense she now had, a noble burden to keep aware of potential threats at all times. But Clint would've called bull, because these supposed senses did nothing to prevent her from smacking into a pizzeria doorway, tripping down subway station stairs, or almost falling into an open manhole—all instances where she'd done double takes at the sight of a blonde braid.
Apparently, the subconscious need to keep a lookout at all times for that familiar hairstyle was all her heightened senses were good for and it wasn't doing much good so far. Kate's only explanation for this was, she thought, the very logical concern that she was spotting a too-likable-for-her-own-good assassin roaming the streets of New York. And each time she recovered from realizing her sense had been wrong, she felt pathetic that her first reaction was disappointment.

Clint had thought they were enjoying a friendly quietness while washing dishes together after Christmas dinner, but silence to Kate never took on any quality aside from awkward and she had to fill it with anything, the first thing that came to mind. Which in this case, was equally if not more awkward than just staying shut up.


"So Yelena just like…peaced out?"


"Well, I don't know if 'peaced' is the word I'd use for someone who'd been on the brink of ending my life," Clint replied. "Sorry, I was a little too preoccupied to ask for her forwarding address."


"But so like, you beat her, though."


"She left," Clint sighed. "I told her how things went down with Nat in the end. From that, and I think respect for my friendship with her sister, she let me live."


After a short pause, a strange laugh bubbled out of Kate and Clint was kind enough not to comment on it. It didn't occur to her to wonder if she was about to ask something tactless until the words had already left her mouth: "Is it weird that I kinda wish she'd said goodbye? To me?"


To her surprise, Clint offered her a small smile. "Considering how Nat and I met? Not that weird, no."

It felt weird, though, wondering where Yelena had gone, wondering if she'd gotten a chance to see some of the tourist traps she'd been so giddy about. Wondering if, wherever she was, she felt a little sorry that she hadn't had a chance to say goodbye, too. Kate had gone so far as to try texting the number Yelena had messaged her from, even though she knew it had to be a burner phone and was probably at the bottom of the Hudson by now. A stupid, impulsive temptation, but one that dogged her several times a day.
Routine and distractions were helpful. Since getting back on the 28th, Kate had made a habit of stopping by Rockefeller Center after lunch to check on the post-battle cleanup progress. The ice rink would take quite a while to repair, and the tree was being removed in sections. Not the most cheerful or festive of sights (yet still, of course, swarmed by tourists). Kate sighed and turned around to look at the Saks windows and screamed when she saw Yelena standing right behind her, wearing a heavy green coat and a disarming smile.
"Very flattering hello, Kate Bishop." She nodded at the tree, but Kate didn't bother twisting around to look at it. "Not so pretty anymore, huh? Glad I got a glimpse of it right-side up while I was scaling down that particularly tall building."
"30 Rock," Kate blurted out, feeling like she was in a daze. "Y'know, I was actually gonna say before, you should—you should do Top of the Rock instead of going to the top of, um, the Empire State Building. It's a little cheaper a-and the view is cooler, 'cause you get to actually see the Empire State Building and stuff since you're not on it, and…"

God, I'm actually seeing her again and instead of saying anything of substance I'm yakking at her like I get a commission from the Rockefellers? What the hell is wrong with you, Bishop?!

Her already flailing train of thought crashed to a full stop as Yelena's smile widened. Oh God, those dimples, help me. Kate couldn't quite tell if it was a sincere grin or more like the cat who ate the canary, but either way it was doing something to her brain that made it hard for her to formulate speech.
"You look flushed, Kate Bishop."
Kate reflexively glanced at her reflection in a Saks window, as if that could help her confirm or deny this. "No, I'm not! I mean, it's cold out here, my face is flushed from the cold. Something I'm sure you wouldn't understand."
Yelena clicked her tongue. "What is up with that? I swear, Americans hear my accent and they think that I eat snow. I wouldn't mind being warmer, but I wanted to see a big Christmas tree, and…" She shrugged at the one Kate now felt a little worse for having destroyed. "I guess I could be looking somewhere else. I don't suppose you would be knowing where I could find some indoor Christmas tree? A nice one," she clarified. "Not crappy department store kind with cheap baubles and shit."
Amazingly, Kate
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Romantic Fluff
Fluff
Romance
Sweet/Hot
Demisexuality
Yelena Belova Needs a Hug
Sweet Yelena Belova
Soft Yelena Belova
demi Yelena
yelena gets out of the business

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

