Chapter 1: Lock It Up And Leave
    




Chapter Text
"Hank, this will have to be quick– Oh god Hank!"A sheet-covered body lay on a lab table. Charles immediately tried to connect with the body's mind, and there was nothing, it was a corpse–"I'm so sorry," Hank said. "It's a cyborg, I should have warned you."Charles took a steadying breath. "Hank, you know where I stand on cyborgs."Hank apologized some more, rambling about the cyborg showing up unexpectedly with the afternoon's lab equipment delivery, no one was more surprised than Hank, but now that the cyborg was here, Hank wanted to remind Charles it would be a tremendous help to have a cyborg lab assistant, and would it be possible to keep it, and…"Charles?"While speaking, Hank had moved to the lab table and pulled back the sheet, uncovering the cyborg down to the waist. For Charles, it was another shock, nearly as great as the first. The male cyborg's blond hair, perfect jaw, and unrealistically muscled-yet-slender physique had been seared into Charles's memory by an advertising campaign launched when Charles had been just twelve.The cyborg's eyes were closed, and he was as still as death. Incongruously, Hank had placed a pillow under the cyborg's head, as if the cyborg needed to be kept comfortable."What's wrong with him?" Charles asked. "I'm not sure," Hank said. "I didn't pick up anything with a scan. He has no power. Until he's recharged, I can't do any diagnostics."Charles belatedly noticed the charging pad under the cyborg's right hand. He went to the table and lifted the cyborg's hand off it. The hand was pliable and relaxed, exactly like that of a human asleep."Charles, what are you doing?""Hank," Charles said. "This is a Max P-35."As he expected, the name meant nothing to Hank, who just looked at him, puzzled."As soon as he's charged, he'll connect to the Web through our broadband," Charles said. "Of course he will," Hank said. "Why is that a problem?""You're too young to remember, but the P-35 was the last realistic cyborg manufactured. The Max and Maxine were the focus of the anti-cyborg movement. All of them were recalled, and, as far as I know, all were destroyed."Charles looked down at the cyborg. There had been several versions of the Max P-35. This had been one of the most popular – the Erik – with the Sexy Stubble option."I'm sorry, Charles, I didn't know. Does this mean I can't keep him?""I don't know what it means," Charles said. "But the likelihood of a P-35 showing up through a shipping error is zero. Someone sent him here.""Why were the P-35s recalled?" Hank asked."I don't know. I was only fifteen at the time. Political reasons, technical, or both. I know you were a toddler then, but you do know what happened."Hank nodded, and smiled slightly.Charles had perhaps over-emphasized the mutant civil rights struggle in the Xavier Institute's curriculum, and had made sure the students knew the success of the movement had been dependent on the demonization of cyborgs. And while Charles had been too young then to shape affairs, he still felt guilt when he remembered how mutant leaders had exploited the public's fear of cyborgs to advance the mutant cause.After the hysteria ended, non-realistic cyborgs made a comeback, with manufacturing logos embedded in numerous prominent places in their skin, and in the retinas of their eyes.Hank was still heartbroken over the idea he was not going to get a cyborg lab assistant after all."So there's no support for this model," Hank said. "I can't register him, get updates.""As far as I know, the recall is still in effect," Charles said. "If you register him, he would be impounded and destroyed.""Professor, what should we do?" Hank said."We need to find out how in the world he ended up here. Which means we need to charge him, but make sure he won't connect to the Web. ""I can keep him?" Hank said, looking hopeful."A cyborg is not a pet," Charles said."I already ordered the special food cyborgs eat," Hank said, apparently completely ignoring what Charles had just said. "I could put him in the yellow guestroom. It's shielded."The yellow room had been shielded due to a student who crashed every broadband network within a mile. Until the student had learned to control her powers, it had been a rough year."All right," Charles said. "He can be charged there. Add surveillance to the room."Hank bounced on his toes, excited. "But I'm not saying yes to using him as your lab assistant," Charles said. "The P-35s weren't created to perform administrative functions.""Were they military?" Hank asked."They were pleasure models," Charles said. "Their function was sex."
Charles retreated to his bedroom with his tablet to research the P-35. Quality photos turned out to be difficult to find on the Web. Finally he found an old advertising video, which confirmed it. The cyborg currently in the yellow guestroom was a Max P-35.Charles had not seen a P-35 since the recall seventeen years earlier. So how could one show up randomly?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Consent Issues
Cyborgs
Sexbots
Alternate Universe - Science Fiction
Happy Ending
First Time
Romance
Power Dynamics
Angst
Future Fic
Alternate Universe - Future
Hurt/Comfort
Amnesia
Fix-It
Cyborg!Erik

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

