Chapter 1: Aftermath
    




Chapter Text

You are probably wondering how could the great, awesome, and unbelievably handsome Tony Stark, or as people prefer to call him, The Invincible Iron Man got into this screwed-up situation. 

 Well, it's actually not that long story.  

The Avengers made mistakes, innocent died, and people lost their trust in them. Then Lagos came and The World s Leaders decided enough was enough and an international agreement concluded among 117 countries was officially signed off. The Sokovia Accords would regulate the activity of the Superhuman community, as well as put The Avengers under the supervision of The UN panel. All members of the Avengers were given two choices. Sign and you could continue operating as an Avenger under the jurisdiction of the UN, or you could simply retire from the superhero business and enjoy a normal life.

Tony himself decided to support The Accords, along with Rhodey, The Vision, Natasha, and the new King of Wakanda, T'Challa, while Steve and Sam decided to outright refuse without actually reading the document, or fully understanding its importance. Instead, they decided that it would be a good idea to go and fight with the special forces of Romania, who were there to apprehend The Winder Soldier or kill him if he refused to cooperate, and it ended up with the good old Captain America, along with his two sidekicks and The Black Panther himself dropping a bridge on innocent civilians. 

 Another sign that they needed oversight. 

But then it got even better. There was this Zemo guy who seemingly wanted to free other Winter Soldiers, who, unlike Barnes, volunteered for the whole experiment, and even enjoyed killing people. Steve decided that it would be a good idea to drag Wanda, who has been in deep water after Lagos and was in danger of being deported to a Country that wanted her head on a silver pattern. Clint, who was retired and on vacation with his family, and a stupid awkward Guy with a Suit that strongly remembered something Aunt Janet used to tell Tony as a bedtime story before she died. 

In the end, it ended up in a big fight among The Avengers, and most of Team Cap got captured, and imprisoned on Raft by Thaddeus Ross. 

Romanoff unsurprisingly changed sides and allowed Steve and Barnes to get away, and later told Tony that they, who were on the side of the law played their cards wrong. She also told him that he should watch his back, while his Best Friend got injured during this conflict and was in surgery with a broken spine. So let's say that Tony lost all interest in helping her sort her problems out and let her disappear. 

Tony then learned that The Winder Soldiers were actually real and went to Raft to talk with his teammates, who weren't nice at all, but since they are still teammates and some would say, family. He already made some arrangements that would get them out of the super-secret underwater prison within a few weeks, months at the top. After some convincing Sam told Tony where Steve and Barnes were headed and Tony went there as a friend, truly aware that he was breaking The Accords by not informing Ross or anyone of his destination. He was ready to help out his friend and solve the whole brainwashed cyborg problem later. 

 But then the truth came out.  

Zemo never planned to release The Winter Soldiers and he killed them all in their cryo-sleep as soon as he got there. Zemo's family died in Sokovia and his endgame was to see an Empire fall. The Avengers being the said Empire. 

He played really spooky camera footage from the date Tony's parents died and to Tony's inner shock, it wasn't a car accident like he believed it was. The Winter Soldier bashed his Fathers head until his Father was nothing more than a bloodied pulp and choked his mother to death. Tony isn't a stupid guy. He saw the way Steve reacted and he saw no visible reaction or surprise that his friend, Howard Stark, who searched for him for almost 70 years died at The Winter Soldier's hand. 

 He knew.  

 At that moment, Steve stopped being Steve to Tony and became Rogers. 

Tony housed Rogers and his sorry ass for years and asked for nothing in return. Rogers even had the audacity to bash Tony for not telling The Team, except Bruce, anything about Ultron, while he was lying about something like this. 

So, Tony did the only thing any human would do. He snapped and lashed out. All three of them fought, two on one, but Tony simply didn't care. He could've killed them with one good aimed slash of his lasers, but he didn't want them dead. He wanted to see them both bleed, feel hurt just like he was. 

But he simply wasn't going to win that way. Mark 46 was just a prototype and wasn't designed for hand-to-hand combat. Plus, Mr. Sometimes my teammates don’t tell me things, and his Cyborg friend weren't pulling their punches, so at one point when Barnes tried to rip The Arc Reactor out of his chest, Tony also stopped holding back and released the Unibeam, completel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Carol Danvers/Tony Stark
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Helen Cho/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Jane Foster/Thor
Friday & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Captain Marvel (2019) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark-centric
BAMF Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Protective Friday (Marvel)
Friday Is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Friday and Karen are Tony’s Daughters
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Uncle Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark Friendship
Hope Van Dyne & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Jane Foster & Tony Stark friendship
New Avengers
Team as Family
Suicide Attempt
Suicidal Thoughts
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Depressed Tony Stark
suicidal Tony stark

fandom: 
Carol Danvers/Tony Stark
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Helen Cho/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Jane Foster/Thor
Friday & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

