Chapter 1: Sometimes it isn't the beginning that's the start of it all. Sometimes, it's the end.
    




Chapter Text
Chapter 1 The trial was a farce, and they all knew it, yet Odin insisted on carrying it out all the same. Loki offered no resistance, resigned to his fate. No one defended him, and why would they? They had never liked him, never accepted him as he was, and assumed him guilty in all things. Ever since he had shown a proclivity for magic over swordplay, ever since they knew he could shift from male to female at will, he was assumed untrustworthy and freakish. The Liesmith.Granted, he was at least partially guilty in the attempted take over of Miðgarðr, but the Mad Titan turning his brain into Swiss cheese should count for something; not that he was able to even mention that bit, nor was he inclined to even if he could. Odin could go hang, for all he cared, and all of Asgarðr along with him. Thor was speaking now, but why? Oh, right, the great oaf was actually speaking in his defense, so sure that the All-Father would listen to him. Odin had never listened to anyone other than himself for as long as Loki had known him. He took heart that at least his brother in all but blood was by his side, but Loki had no faith in Odin the way Thor did.“Loki, you have been found guilty of the crimes charged to you.” Odin proclaimed. No faith at all, Loki thought as he sneered though it was unseen behind the muzzle. “For your crimes, you are sentenced to experience a mortal life on Miðgarðr, that you may grow to respect the lives you have tried to conquer. Do you have any final words?”Loki just looked away.“Very well.”…A father too stubborn to admit his own failings, and a son too tired to continue yielding to his father’s pride. The Norns watched the trial, unseen by all but one. Loki son of Asgarðr stared at them for one long moment, before turning his gaze away in shame, assuming he had disappointed them. His had always been a hard thread to read, Odin having interfered with the weave of Loki’s fate on more than one occasion in his obsession to stave off Ragnarök; as if he understood what that even was. As it was, Odin was getting ready to change Loki’s fate once more, but this time the Norns had had enough, and were now taking measures to repair Loki’s thread.Death too hung around Loki. After Thanos had taken and tortured Loki to the point where he should have gone mad, it had lit up Loki’s soul enough that Death itself had taken notice. Being beyond Time as it was, it knew this was the moment the Norns would choose what became of him, no matter what Odin tried to do. Maybe…Maybe it could make a request on the god’s behalf. There was nothing left for either of them to lose.“Please, before you decide his fate, I would make a request of you.” Death begged, floating before them, a spectre in dark cloth. “Something happened, changed, and…The one fated to be my Master was…not born, and it has thrown things out of balance. Surely you have felt it. I would ask that Loki take his place. He could be my Master.”The Norns look to each other and back again, before Urd asks. “Why does he intrigue you so?”“His soul shines.” Death tried to explain. “He has the strength. He lasted against the torture of the Mad Titan Thanos, Ebony Maw, and The Other for over a year. He was clever enough to comply with the mind control placed on him, while also finding ways to help others stop him. He could be my Master.”“What are you suggesting we do?” Verðanði asked, sensing the threads changes already though they had agreed to nothing.“Odin will force Loki to live a mortal life, but if he does this as he is now, Loki will be taken and locked away, something I am sure Odin knows. Loki will not have the chance to learn the humility Odin claims to want for his son.” Death replied, turning for a moment as if to scowl at the god. “Take his soul when Odin banishes him, send it back to when my Master was to be born. Loki will be safe, at least from Odin, while he goes through the trials needed to test my Master. Odin will not be able to find him till after he has grown to become his own being, whatever that turns out to be.”“And how do you expect him to remain hidden till he is grown?” Skuld asked, intrigued. “Odin will know what we have done as soon as it happens, and messing with Time usually does not end well. Even if Odin of the past did not sense something amiss, in the past and present there is still Heimdall.”“There is a secret community of magic users on Miðgarðr, hidden from Odin as a 10th realm.” Death explains with a mischievous lilt to their voice.“Giving him the strength needed to overcome the will of Gungnir, and hiding him from Heimdall and Odin.” Urd concluded. “This is better than anything we had prepared. I say we do it. We won’t get a better chance than the one that is before us now.”“Perhaps we should let Loki choose, yes?” Verðanði suggested, and the others looked sheepishly between them. Loki was unfrozen, and surprised b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Rule 63
Time Travel Fix-It
Master of Death Harry Potter
Loki is Harry Potter
Female Harry Potter
mentions of child abuse
loose references to Norse Mythology
Minor Character Death
no betas we die like men
Redemption is a bitch

fandom: 
None
