Chapter 1: Loki's Bargain
    




Chapter Text
 
 
Loki was having fun tormenting everyone in Asgard.
Ever since his devious escape from prison - with his brother Thor's unwitting help, he delighted in reminding anyone within earshot - and his eventual pardon for all crimes committed including his months-long impersonation of the King, it seemed that just the sight of him walking freely around the city either rankled the general populace or caused them to shrink away from him in fear.
And that was just how he liked it.
Respect was respect, whether it was earned in combat, through valiant deeds, or taken by force.  And respect was all he'd ever really wanted.
Now they needed his help, yet again.  He was possessed of a specific skillset that currently made him indispensable and in demand, and out of the goodness of his heart or the malice of his soul - nobody was really sure which it was, though they had their suspicions - he had graciously accepted the request for aid.
On one condition.
Payment.
But not just any old restitution - he had no use for gold or gems nor even privilege or position, as he was already a member of the royal family and thus had access to all the wealth he could ever have use for, not to mention the prestige of being a Prince.  No, he had a list of demands.  Fairly enough, it was a short list, but it had been carefully composed to inflict the maximum amount of distress on the old King.
During this time of peace, with no wars raging and no current disagreements with other realms, Asgard was looked upon as an idyllic mecca of sorts, and had captured the attention of an old foe of Odin's, a Duke who was now considered an ally and friend.  The man's grandchild had been sworn before birth to an arranged marriage with a ruler from a faraway kingdom, a union that the grandfather opposed heartily due to a longstanding grudge.  Taking it upon himself to save the child from the life that had been set before her - as well as shafting his nemesis - he decided that sending her to Asgard would be a desirable option; she would be raised in the palace, groomed to be royalty, cared for by the King and Queen themselves, and would live a comfortable life until she was ready to be married to whomever her home kingdom was hoping to ally itself to at the time.  No different than her current situation really, but at least she would have better marriage options when the time came, to someone her grandfather hopefully didn't despise, and perhaps she would even have some say in the matter.  And Odin owed him a favor, so the Duke felt it was as good a time as any to call it in.
Loki had noticed the affection that the King and Queen had showered on the little girl since her arrival.  Odin was no great lover of children, finding them tiresome and annoying at best, but something about this child warmed his heart and he delighted in watching her play.  She was indeed a comely girl, petite and ladylike but full of wonder about everything and equally willing to run and tumble or sit and read.  She was intelligent and curious, always observing her surroundings intently.  The few times Loki had been near her, she would ask him questions and listen closely to what he had to say, even though his interactions with her were usually short and his responses to her queries almost always involved farfetched lies designed to frighten and confuse her.
But somehow, he never managed to fool her.  Begrudgingly, he developed an amused sort of respect for the child.
In time, Odin and Frigga began treating her as if she were their own, not just a charge left on their doorstep to be taken in as payment for an old debt.  She had charmed them completely, and the old King was completely besotted with her.
This is what caught Loki's attention, and set the wheels turning in his head.
 
 
"Name your price brother," Thor demanded again.  "End this tiresome game and tell me what it is you require in payment for your services!"  The annoyance in his voice was obvious, his irritation evident, and Loki was loving every second of it.
"I require only to be treated with the respect that I deserve as a Prince of Asgard, to be acknowledged as such despite my - " He paused a moment, eyeing Thor with a mirthless smirk, " - questionable lineage."
Thor waited, knowing this couldn't be the extent of Loki's demands.  He was right.  Loki extended his arm, pointing to something far off to his right without looking toward it.  His lips were curled in a dark grin full of malice and spite.  Thor followed Loki's pointing finger with his eyes; he seemed to be indicating the child, Anja, who was beyond the courtyard playing with her nanny.  He looked back at Loki, realization dawning, but not daring to give voice to it.
He didn't have to...Loki did it for him.
"And I want her."
 
 
Thor argued vehemently that Odin would never allow the child to be given to him, but Loki stood his ground, knowing he had the upper hand and that nothing, nothing would be withheld from h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Romance
Eventual Romance
Falling In Love
True Love
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
child bride
Manipulative Loki
Loki Does What He Wants
warnings to be added as they become applicable
occasional strong language
Coming of Age
Innocence
masturbation (implied)
Explicit Language
Shared Bed
Desire
Touching
Public Arousal
public fingering
Delayed Sexual Contact
Sexual Tension
Explicit Sexual Content
Loss of Virginity
Wedding Night
First Time
Asgard
Post-Avengers Asgard
Childbirth
Major Character Injury
Pregnant Sex
Jötunn Loki
References to Torture
references to sexual abuse

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

