Work Text:

Five times The Avengers should have realized Clint and Phil were married…

5.
It isn’t exactly well known to anyone outside of the Avengers and their inner circle, but Clint Barton is actually pretty damn fantastic in the kitchen. 
They don’t really talk about it, and Clint never brings it up, but it’s become something of an unwritten rule in the Mansion that, on the days he can be coerced into cooking, everyone will be present, accounted for, and in the right place come dinner time. It almost always turns into a big production; no one wants to miss a chance to taste whatever it is he’ll be tossing together, especially considering how rare an occasion it is. 
This is why Tony is a little bit shocked when he wanders into the kitchen on an early Saturday morning and finds Clint there at the stove, shirtless and with a spatula in hand, his hair sticking up in every direction as if he’d come straight from bed to start breakfast. 
“You’re cooking?” He questions, only it comes off as more of an offended demand.
Seriously, how could Clint be cooking and not tell anyone? 
Clint grunts, his full focus on the omelet in the pan in front of him. He’s always like this in the kitchen, so Tony knows better than to be offended by the lack of attention. There’s a plate on the island counter behind the archer, already occupied and looking delicious.  
“You never make breakfast,” Tony observes, making a beeline for the food. He’s been up for almost 24 hours now and it’s only now occurred to him that he’s starving.
“I make breakfast all the time,” Clint counters, not unfriendly, and now he’s grabbing a second plate and expertly maneuvering the fresh omelet onto it. “Just not for you.” Just as Tony’s reaching for the plate, something sharp smacks his hand and then a fork is clattering to the floor. When Tony glances up from it, Clint is looking at him pointedly. “Today’s no exception.”
And, well. Tony doesn’t pout, because genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropists don’t pout. He just looks attractively disgruntled. Clint merely smirks at him and collects the plates. “Then who the hell is the second one for?” Tony demands, trailing after Clint as the archer makes his way out of the kitchen and towards the living room.
His question is answered a second later when he catches sight of Coulson, of all people, sitting on the couch. He sits up a little straighter when Clint gets close and takes the second plate with a small smile when it’s offered. (Which is just a little bit disturbing, because Tony’s never actually seen him give more than an evil smirk. And anyway, how the hell did the agent get inside the mansion without his knowing? He’s going to have to have a talk with JARVIS later.)
There’s a bit of bickering between agent and archer over the television and what to watch, but Clint wins in the end, and a second later, there are cartoons playing on Tony’s ridiculously large flatscreen and the two settle in to eat their food.
It’s kind of painfully domestic, but Tony doesn’t question it. His thoughts are still lingering on the smell of the omelets and his own rumbling stomach.
He wonders if he can maybe get Steve to make him something, and wanders off to find out.
 
4.
It’s kind of embarrassing, really. The explosion isn’t even really that big. It’s actually a tiny little thing that only takes out half of a wall, and by all accounts, isn’t even really worth a second glance.
Except for that part where the half of a wall that it takes out happens to fall right onto Coulson.
It doesn’t really do much damage to anything other than Coulson’s pride and suit, but the others still have the decency to look worried as they help dig him out. Hulk is even fairly gentle as he lifts the SHIELD agent out of the rubble and sets him on his feet, and Tony is kind enough to not say anything at all. 
Really, it’s not that big a deal.
Except, apparently, it is. At least to Hawkeye.
“A fucking building fell on you.” Clint half-growls while Coulson attempts to wave away the medics fussing over him. Whether or not they’re fussing more than Clint is difficult to tell, but no one comments. “Let them check you over, goddamn it.”
“It was hardly a building.” Coulson points out, flippant. “And I’m fine.” 
He sounds a little bit exasperated, but otherwise, he handles Clint’s mild panic attack with little more than an eyeroll and a brief order to calm down. When Clint continues to harp on him, obviously worried and unusually open about it, Coulson sighs and relents, holding out his arm so someone can take his blood pressure and shooting the archer a look, as if to say, I’m only doing this for you.
The other Avengers watch this in mild discomfort, feeling a little bit like they’re intruding on something they aren’t supposed to see. Minus Natasha, who looks utterly unruffled, as per usual.
“They’ve been friends for a while, haven’t they?” Steve asks her quietly. “I’ve never seen Clint so worked up before.”
She hums in a noncommittal fashion, which S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Marriage
Prompt Fill
Mild Language

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

