Chapter 1: A Very Important Letter
    




Chapter Text


London, October 23, 2002

Tony was already half drunk when he wandered out of Les Ambassadeurs casino into London’s crisp autumn air just as the sun was setting. He’d been up nearly three million pounds earlier in the day, but a couple of drinks later, and he was leaving a quarter million in the hole. Not his best day of gambling—Pepper would probably disapprove if she found out—but Tony wasn’t too worked up about it. By the time he walked into a quaint pub a block up the street, he’d forgotten his disappointment entirely in favor of admiring the stunning redhead sitting at a high table by the bar. Tony had hardly been lacking for options back at the casino. The typical model-thin women in their tight dresses and killer heels had been hanging off of him from the moment he’d walked in. They were the classy type of leech, pretty and educated enough to fit in with the ritz and glam of England’s high rollers, though with no real aspirations of their own. Tony had bought them all drinks. He’d let them blow on his dice at the craps table and smirked as they’d oohed and aahed while he played a few rounds of blackjack. And usually Tony would have been happy enough to leave with any one of them. There wasn’t any particular reason he’d decided to walk away instead. He wasn’t tired or upset or too busy, but for whatever reason, today he found the thought of spending any more time with any of those women boring.  The redhead by the bar looked anything but boring. Her head was tossed back in a surprisingly throaty laugh in response to whatever the barman had said, which Tony could hear from across the moderately crowded room. She was bewitchingly attractive, though her sense of style was…interesting. Her clothes didn’t go together, not by any standard of fashion Tony had ever seen. She wore a thick red wool sweater topped with a flowing blue silk robe-coat-thing, her hair piled messily atop her head, a thick polished stick stuck through the bun. It wouldn’t have worked on anyone else, but Tony was drawn in in an instant. Probably because the woman was the rare kind of beautiful that could look good in a potato sack. It had been a long time since Tony had felt nervous about approaching a stranger for sex, so he didn’t hesitate to slide one of the two empty seats at the redhead’s table out.“Mind if I sit?” he asked.She paused midway through a sip of her beer, granting him a long, assessing look. Not assessing in the usual manner, though, where potential partners would decide in a split second if he was handsome enough, wealthy enough, or whatever-other-criteria-they-have enough to flirt with. This woman’s bright green eyes looked Tony over as if she was checking for a threat, and a moment later, she relaxed and waved him on. “I will warn you,” she smiled, and there was something impish in the quirk of her lips, “If you’re about to ask if you can buy me a drink—”A dark-haired man slid onto the only remaining seat at the table. “Then you’ll be buying for me and my wife, mate,” he said, throwing his arm around the woman’s shoulders. The newcomer didn’t outshine movie stars the way his wife did, but when it came to men, he was exactly Tony’s type: lanky, mischief in every feature, with an air of restrained danger lurking underneath. So Tony didn’t back away when the man met his stare challengingly. Instead he leaned forward, grinned and let heat fill his expression, doing nothing to disguise his interest.“Alright then, can I get you both a drink?”

+++


Godric’s Hollow, August 2, 2003

James and Lily stared at the negative paternity test hovering in glowing purple script above their newborn baby’s sleeping head. Lily’s hand drifted up to cover her mouth, tears welled in her eyes. But James, shocked into a stunned stupor, didn’t notice her reaction for nearly a minute, not until a muffled sob finally drew his attention away from the unwanted news. “Hey,” he said, pulling Lily into a hug, “Hey, we talked about this. We knew there was a chance—”“A minuscule chance! And I thought, I really thought—He looks so much like you…” “Potter luck,” James shrugged, offering her a wobbly smile. “But he’s still mine, Lils. One crazy night doesn’t change that.” “I know. James, I know. He’s yours. Harry will always be yours, in every way that matters. But what will we tell him? And if we have more kids? Will we lie? Will we cover it up like it’s some dirty secret? Or…”“We’ll tell him,” James decided, though the words sounded choked. “When he’s old enough to understand, we’ll sit him down and explain, and if he wants to meet Tony, we’ll—we’ll respect that.” Lily nodded slowly, biting at her lip. “We should write a letter,” she said. “Just in case.”“Don’t think like that, Lils.”Lily reached into Harry’s crib and ran her finger gently over his soft, chubby cheek.“I have to. If the worst happens, I have to know I did everything…”James wrapped his arms around her from behind, setting his ch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harry Potter

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Harry Potter is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Irondad
Big Brother Peter Parker
But Peter will take a few chapters to show up
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
but no bashing
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Infinity Wars do not exist here

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harry Potter

