Work Text:
The first time Charles woke up, he couldn't keep his eyes open. He blinked hard, trying to convince himself to sit up, to speak, to ask for water for his parched throat, but instead he could only stare at the flickering light of the electric lamp next to him in the dark of the tent, fighting sleep with no success, until his eyes closed again.*The second time, somebody was breathing hard next to him - not the panting breaths of someone after a hard training session, but the choked heaves of someone after battle, someone fighting to keep down panic. His chest hurt; he couldn't open his right eye, feeling it swollen and stinging; there was a sharp, burning, wide stripe across his right thigh, so bad that the first time he opened his mouth to speak, he had to gasp with pain instead. "Raven – Charles," said the man next to him, correcting himself, and Charles relaxed when he recognized the voice. Erik took his hand. "McCoy, he's -awake, he's waking," Erik called, and Charles wanted to soothe away whatever was making Erik's voice so tight and pained, agonized, but he couldn't speak, couldn’t even read him. His powers felt so very far away."He needs another dose of morphine," Hank said, coming closer, and Charles tried to blink his good eye open."So give him one," Erik barked. His fingers threaded through Charles's. "It's not - to be honest, Commander, I'm worried about the way it'll interact with his system as he comes off the suppressants." "Look at him," Erik said. "He's in pain - you have to, you have to do something.""I can't risk it," Hank said, his voice breaking on the last syllable. "He's been flooding his system for months - there's a substantial risk of increasing his fever, of draining him of the resources to fight infection, even of seizure."Charles hissed as Erik pulled his hand to his cheek, turning his face against Charles's palm. The movement pulled at his chest, and Erik let him go immediately. "I can give him ibuprofen for the pain. And antibiotics." said Hank, sounding unwilling. "But nothing else, at least for another 36 hours. Until he's through the withdrawal." "Commander?" said a further voice, as Charles felt himself drifting away again. "You have a video call from General MacTaggert." Through Charles's last few moments of awareness, Erik heaved a breath. He placed Charles's hand carefully back down next to him, and Charles slipped away again.*The next time he woke, he woke for real. It was light again, and Hank was in a chair in the corner, sleeping with one elbow on the desk next to him. It looked like his neck would hurt when he woke up. There was no one else in the room.Charles tried to speak and coughed; it was enough to wake Hank up, the arm he was leaning on sliding briefly across the medical journals on the desk. "Charles!" Hank said, and jumped to his feet. “Hank,” Charles said, suddenly filled with relief to be alive himself, to remember vaguely Erik’s voice next to him, no indication of injury or harm. He struggled to sit upright and Hank pushed him gently down by the shoulder, telling him to stay down, not to harm himself further.“How long has it been?” Charles said, smiling as he tried to assess the damage before Hank could detail it for him.When Hank didn’t answer immediately, Charles looked up at him from where he’d been trying to gingerly peek under the bandages on his chest. “Hank?”Hank put down the stethoscope he’d just picked up and dragged a chair over to the side of Charles’s cot, sitting down heavily.“Three days, Charles.”Charles felt the very beginnings of dread creep into him.“Three days since – since the battle began, or-“Hank shook his head, staring at his feet. “Since you got hold of Shaw – and afterwards, the explosion –” Charles pushed himself up onto his elbows, regardless of Hank’s instructions. “Three days – ““I tried,” Hank said, his face miserable. “I tried to keep them all out – I swear, Charles, I tried to keep your secret, but Commander Magneto insisted – he wouldn’t be kept outside, Charles, I’m so sorry-“Charles closed his eyes, bit his lower lip, tried to calm his mind against the roiling tides of panic.“You were on such a heavy dose of suppressants,” said Hank, still staring at the floor. “I couldn’t dose you, not while you were injured and recovering – he pushed in here, and two of his lieutenants, and then-““They sensed me,” Charles said. His fingers tightened in the sheet.“Yes,” said Hank. “He stayed, a few hours – your pheromones haven’t returned yet to normal levels, probably won’t for another week, week and a half, so he could stay without risk of sensing a bond. But he felt you, and then I had to – Charles, I’m so sorry, I had to tell him –” “It’s all right,” Charles said, speaking firmly. Hank’s eyes shot up to meet his, and Charles reached out to take his hand. “Hank, you took such risks to help me – giving me suppressants, hiding me all along – you’ve been more than a true friend.” “I owe you,” Hank said, gripping his hand back. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

