Chapter 1: talking to the enemy
    




Chapter Text

It doesn’t take long for Kate to discover that she has a bad habit of talking to the enemy.
 
Clint has been on her ass about it since the moment it started. It’s always, 

focus on the job Kate 

and 

stop asking people how their mothers are Kate 

and, her all-time favorite: 

if you hand out skincare tips one more time I will kill you myself, Kate.

 
She doesn’t understand how he can be so serious all the time. Granted, she’s seen her mentor smile at some of her jokes, and - if he’s feeling extra peppy on the day - he sometimes makes some of his own. His humour is dry, and his sarcastic quips play off of Kate’s perfectly. It always makes Kate grin from ear to ear as Clint grumbles about her being a bad influence on him.
 
(Honestly, the fact that she can have any kind of influence on 

the 

Hawkeye is disorienting in its own right.)
 
That being said, she will reluctantly admit that this bad habit is getting a little out of hand.
 
So out of hand that when she hears, “Kate Bishop~” being drawled out from behind her, she barely has half the mind to whip around and lift the butter knife in what is half-assed protection. Her mind doesn’t even have time to process the situation as dangerous.
 
Though the surprise does hit her head-on. 
 
Kate resists the urge to let her jaw hang open. Which is an impressive feat when a Black Widow is standing in front of her. 
 
Yelena, in all her high-quality fashion-clad glory, is standing in her living room. And Kate doesn’t know how to feel about that, because her heart is beating a hundred miles an hour but there’s a faint sensation of relief and excitement. 
 
If Yelena notices her eagerness, she doesn’t let her know. The assassin is calm, casual and attractive as ever with her hands in the pockets of her white jacket like the last time they had seen each other they hadn’t been duking it out at the Rockefeller Centre.
 

Is she here to kill me?

 

I mean, if she were I would be dead.

 
An upside of her bad habit, Kate thinks, is being able to recover quickly when she’s caught off-guard.
 
“Yelena~,” She throws back with a grin. “If it isn’t my favorite assassin.”
 
Said assassin grins and hums as she moves towards her, taking her surprised welcoming tone as an invitation to make herself comfortable.
 
Kate places the knife back on her table when Yelena brushes past her to take a seat at the table.
 
“What brings you ‘round this part of the world?” Kate slinks around the table to her chair, dropping into it unceremoniously. “Are you back hoping to get your hands on the new Hawkeye?”
 
She makes a show of fixing her shirt - Hawkeye merch from when she was fourteen - and tries to exude the same aura of confidence that Yelena has across from her.  The woman’s eyes glint mirthfully, a knowing twist at the corners of her mouth like they’re sharing an inside joke. Which Kate supposes they are. It’s not every day someone encounters a Black Widow and lives to tell the tale.
 
“Oh god no, I have had enough of hawks,” she says, face souring as she waves her words away.
 
Kate blinks. She can feel her mouth make a perfect ‘oh’, her voice shaky as she says, “is that so…”
 
“Yes. Clint Barton has ruined them for me.” Yelena’s head shakes, gold hair spilling into her face. “Now I look at a hawk and I think of an old man.”
 
A laugh tumbles out of Kate before she can catch it. She schools her expression quickly. “Clint isn’t that old- he’s not! And-” 
 
There’s a satisfied smirk on Yelena’s face that sends a shiver down Kate’s spine.
 
“Don’t change the subject.”
 
“You’re right,” the assassin agrees swiftly. “I don’t want to talk about him.”
 
Kate jumps on the opportunity. “Yes, we should be talking about the new Hawkeye in town.”
 
When Clint had brought up the idea to her on Christmas Day, Kate had felt like everything that had happened that week was a figment of her imagination. Everything felt so surreal, it was almost impossible to believe it. Kate didn’t really meet Hawkeye, and she didn’t destroy the Christmas tree at Rockefeller Centre, and she didn’t send her mother to prison. Nothing that had happened was real.
 
Except Kate definitely slipped on the walk back to Clint’s house in her excitement, and she definitely had that bruise on her ass for weeks after. 
 
It was real. Everything was.
 
So of course she’s been telling anyone who will listen that she is the new Hawkeye in town. 
 

Second Hawkeye.

 
 
(God, since when did Clint get in her head?)
 
Yelena, on the other hand, doesn’t seem to share her excitement.
 
“‘New’? Another one?” Yelena slumps in the chair, tilting her head back with a loud, guttural groan that has Kate raising her eyebrows in amusements. “You know, this is exactly the last thing that the world needed - right after the garbage TV shows you like so much.”
 
“How do you know what shows I like to watch?”
 
And Kate realizes how stupid the question is as soon as she’s done asking it, because t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Kate Bishop & Peter Parker
Kate Bishop & Cassie Lang

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Fluff
Friends to Lovers
Bisexual Kate Bishop
But she doesn't know it yet
Lesbian Yelena Belova
Post-Canon
Kate in denial about her sexuality
Sexual Tension
yes i will be adding more tags as this story progresses
my god this slow burn is slow
Kate Bishop Needs Therapy
Eventual Smut
Angst
Fluff and Angst
we're all waiting for them to kiss
Smut

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Kate Bishop & Peter Parker
Kate Bishop & Cassie Lang

