Work Text:
It was bound to happen at some point. “Shit,” Phil murmured under his breath, flexing his right hand. His skin felt too hot, a low thrum deep in his gut that quickly spread out through his nerves, pulsing with heat. Shit.“You okay?” Maria asked as she raised an eyebrow at him. Clean-up was almost complete, the city block nearly back to normal, or as close to it as they could get. The threat had been contained. The alien-of-the-week had been taken down, and there were zero casualties. Everything had gone rather smoothly, if Phil did say so himself.Save the part where he apparently had inadvertently gotten tagged by the alien’s heat gun.And by heat, they didn’t just mean temperature.“Yes, fine. I think we’re about finished here.” He failed his hand rather inelegantly at the last of the SHIELD agents packing up; his vision had a strange soft blur around the edges, and he desperately needed to get out of his clothes. Logically, Phil knew he needed to head straight back to the medics at HQ and get a physical, but unfortunately the thought of locking his office door and coming a few dozen times sounded much more appealing.Maria didn’t look convinced. “Coulson, you’re flushed. Are you sure you’re not—”“Take over from here. I’ll follow up back at HQ.” Phil didn’t look back as he all but sprinted to his car, where he would not beat off in the driver’s seat. Absolutely not. He might be under some alien control, but he still had his pride.~He made it as far as a gas station two miles from his office. As calmly as one can with a raging hard-on and alien sex pollen pulsing in their veins, Phil barricaded himself in the dingy bathroom and took a long, deep breath. Then he frantically tore into his pants, one hand braced against the wall to keep himself from sinking to his knees.He came the second his fingers wrapped around the head of his cock.“Jesus Christ,” Phil gasped, sweating as he stared in dismay at the mess on his hands. He didn’t feel any less sated. If anything, he needed more.The clerk at the front desk eyed Phil suspiciously as he gave back the bathroom key. Phil’s tie was crooked, and his shirt was rumpled. At least the come stains were hidden.So much for saving his pride.~Phil had been shot three times in Bulgaria, hung by his ankles for eleven hours in Panama City, and electrocuted in Valencia. He knew all about torture, had survived things most people could only envision in their nightmares. He could withstand just about anything.And he could sure as fuck beat an alien heat cycle.He’d snuck down to the hospital ward late that evening, after coming in his hand for the third time that evening. Phil had managed to hide in his office without drawing much attention to the fact that he was shivering with need, his cheeks bright pink, eyes dilated. “You’re sure the others are perfectly fine?” he’d asked Rogers on the phone, biting his lip at how fantastic his hand felt just splayed over his thigh. “Yeah, everyone’s A-Okay,” Rogers had replied. “Uh, sir, are you all right? You sound, um...a little tense.”Phil had hung up on him, because he’d been dangerously close to moaning. After that, he decided maybe getting checked out by a doctor was probably warranted.“Your heart rate is unnaturally high,” the doctor said, frowning thoughtfully, like having a grown man sweating bullets and sporting wood a high school senior would be proud of was just an odd occurrence. “And I’d wager your hormone levels have spiked drastically.”No shit, Phil wanted to say, but instead swallowed tightly and replied, “What do you suggest?”“If you got hit with alien tech, there’s no way to tell how long it will last. I could give you a few sedatives for the night, if you’d like. Otherwise, you may have to just let the heat run its course.”“That’s—that’s not really an option.”The doctor shrugged. “Sorry, Agent. I wish I had better news.”Phil tried not to sulk, or scream. He took his time getting dressed, since every slide of his clothes against his over-heated skin made him gasp and shudder. Thankfully, the doctor had enough sense to leave Phil alone with what was left of his dignity. ~Phil didn’t usually regret living in a giant mansion with a group of unruly superheroes, but Phil also didn’t usually suffer from alien heat. He didn’t know why the thought of the others finding out about his condition made embarrassment clench in his chest. Maybe it had to do with the fact that Phil Coulson, SHIELD Agent was now being reduced to Phil Coulson, Sexual Amoeba. They’d never seen Phil out of control of himself, even when Natasha and Maria dragged him out for happy hour.Thankfully, he had a set of rooms to himself on the far west side of Stark Towers, i.e. completely removed from the rest of the Avengers. It was the middle of the night by the time Phil got off the elevator in front of his door, palms still sweating, dick still aching in his pants. He thought about stripping off all his clothes, climbing into bed, and maybe just coming hard 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Aliens Make Them Do It
unapologetic porn

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

