Chapter 1: The Rest of Your Life
    




Chapter Text

“Good morning miss!” Flowers…you didn’t know why but you smelled fields of flowers. You could almost see them behind your closed eyelids. Daffodils, Daisies, Magnolias but most prominent of all lavender. It’s scent permeated your senses until all you could see were fields of purple and all you could hear was the summer wind calling your name. “Miss…miss?” Was that the wind? You stirred from your sleep, eyes slipping open as the wind suddenly took on a very human-like cadence. “Miss, are you awake yet? Today is your big day, you surely don’t want to be late.”  That was right, today was to be the beginning of the rest of your life. Dredging yourself from the comfort of your bedsheets, you let out quite the unladylike yawn…a luxury you would soon no longer have, best to indulge oneself.
 
“You may enter Claire, I am awake now.” Upon your confirmation Clair, your lady’s maid, turned the knob to your room and gingerly entered. She paused at the door's entryway before you gestured to her to close the door as you slid out of bed. “Good morning” You greeted the waifish girl as she began laying out the preparations for today. There was another maid with Claire who you vaguely recognized. The two looked very similar, albeit her skin was a bit paler than Claire’s and her hair wasn’t quite as blonde. The quiet girl offered a short good morning before busying herself with preparing the wash basin. You undressed for the maid but held out your hand for the sponge she had clutched in hers. She looked at you curiously as you tried to give her an understanding smile. Tentatively, she placed the sponge in your own hand before stepping back and turning away so you could wash yourself. As you bathed, you pointed to a series of vials sitting on your vanity. Clair of course understood your silent command and brought over two of the small tinctures. They were made of delicate glass that sparkled in the light, with small tags tied around the stoppers reading: 

Lavender 

and 

Rose

 respectively. You scrutinized the tinctures before accepting the former, taking it as a sign from your little daydream. As you rubbed the lavender oil into your skin Claire handed you a clean chemise which you promptly slipped on before allowing your maids to proceed with dressing you.
 
“Is she finally awake?” Ah that would be the slightly frantic but otherwise jovial voice of your mother. “There’s my beautiful girl.” Your mother’s voice grew as she stepped into your room, pausing to get a good look at you in your new dress. “I thought the modiste was crazy for talking me into that shade but she was right as always…you always did look best in soft palettes.” The shade in question was a soft ivory, complemented by the gold filigree lining of your sleeves and skirts. It was decorated in little embroidered pink and lilac floral patterns which lined the hem of your first two under skirts and the sheer lining that skirted your chest. The dress was quite different from what you’d previously worn up until this moment, as was most of your new wardrobe. Before, your dresses were all frills and ruffles much like your little sisters who no doubt were getting dressed themselves if they were not already. Now your wardrobe emulated that of your eldest sisters, sleeker, more stylish…more attractive. You paused, turning to look at your mother as Claire helped you to slip on a pair of elbow length gloves matching the ivory of your gown. Seeing the hesitation in your glance caused your mother to soften. Approaching you she took a gloved hand in her own. “You truly are beautiful my darling…you always are.” You looked away, feeling your cheeks warm as you sat at your vanity so that Clair could apply the finishing touches. 
 
“Thank you mama.” You said lightly, hardly recognizing your own voice caked in so much resignation. You’d been preparing for this moment your whole life, although you hadn’t expected it to be this nerve wracking, you hadn’t even left the house yet for Christ's sake. Clair finished your hair and makeup swiftly. You’d assumed she was done once the new string of pearls graced your collarbone but there was your mother stopping you from standing. 
 
“Wait a second, there’s just one finishing touch.” She said as matron Beatrice stepped forward. Producing a medium sized box, painted white with your initials engraved onto it. You looked on curiously as Beatrice passed the box to Claire who proceeded to open it and present its contents to you. Inside the box sat a dainty but elegant tiara. Vines of gold intertwined with pearls and amethysts decorating the spaces. You lifted it gingerly, fearing that something so light would snap between your fingers if you were careless. Once she sat the box down, Clair proceeded to fix the tiara to your updo with a series of pins. Your eyes were glued to the mirror as Clair finished with your hair. You could hardly recognize this version of yourself. This…woman, gone wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tom Holland (Actor)/Peter Parker/Original Female Character(s)
Tom Holland (Actor)/Peter Parker/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader
Peter Parker/You
Peter Parker & Reader
Tom Holland (Actor) & You

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Regency
Alternate Universe - Historical
Romance
Slow Burn
Passion
cold reader
Nobility
Royalty
noble!reader
Royal!Tom
London
19th Century
19th century London
Not Beta Read
Work In Progress
Sexual Tension
Original Character(s)
Minor Original Character(s)
Original Female Character(s) - Freeform
Post-Canon

fandom: 
Tom Holland (Actor)/Peter Parker/Original Female Character(s)
Tom Holland (Actor)/Peter Parker/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader
Peter Parker/You
Peter Parker & Reader
Tom Holland (Actor) & You

