Work Text:
Steve was with Howard when they found out about Tony, and Howard’s worst fears came true. Like all sixteen-year-olds, Tony’s orientation finally manifested almost suddenly, and when it did, Howard immediately made a beeline for the liquor cabinet in his study that held the best of his stock. Steve watched him go, sighed, and ushered Tony to his room, settling him in and telling him to stay put while he and his father talked. He shut the door behind him and calmly made his way to the study, sighing once more as he leaned against the doorjamb and observed the other man. “You can’t tell me you haven’t expected this… or planned for the possibility at the very least, Howard,” he said. Howard waved him in and asked him to shut the door behind him. “Not expected, but planned, yes,” he answered, taking a sedate sip from his tumbler. “That doesn’t make it any less disappointing, though.” Steve scoffed and folded his arms over his chest. “Of all the things you could have possibly been disappointed about in Tony, you choose something that he has absolutely no control of whatsoever? I mean, he lost the Prime Minister of Britain’s prized parrot, and nearly caused an international incident; I’m pretty sure that was much worse than this.” Howard turned to him, his eyebrows raised. Steve knew perfectly well that Howard was proud of Tony in every single way; nothing he could possibly do could make Howard any less proud, and Howard told him so. “Well, you better tell him that because right now your son is sitting in his room, an inch away from bawling his eyes out because he’s convinced you hate him for this.” Howard sighed heavily. “I could never hate him, you know that,” he said. “It’s just… The company is the second most important thing to me in this world.” Steve refrained from pointing out that he had a wife, too. “And he’s my only son, and when the time comes, I’m going to lose both.” Howard’s voice broke at the end, and Steve again refrained from making any comment. Howard was a proud man, and it wouldn’t do to point out his shortcomings (or what he saw as shortcomings, anyway). Instead, he settled down in the seat across the desk and patiently waited until Howard had drained and refilled his glass of whiskey. “So you say you’ve planned for this…” he prompted slowly. “It has to be arranged,” Howard said after a long while. And while anyone else would have seen only conviction, Steve knew it was eating him to have to do that to Tony. He also knew that Howard had spent a great deal of time thinking this over and considering all possible ramifications, most especially the one wherein Tony may hate him forever, so he chose not to point them any anymore. “With someone of my choosing… Someone I can trust and who I know will allow and support Tony in managing the company when the time comes for him to take over, but more importantly, someone I know would not take advantage of him.” Steve almost laughed. Howard trusted almost no one; that criterion alone narrowed the candidate pool to about eight people. “James Rhodes?” he asked because Rhodey was Tony’s best friend and the only one of the eight Tony’s age. “Not my first choice,” Howard answered, standing up and facing the window. Steve sat up sharply because he then knew Howard was either hiding something or was about to say something that he didn’t want to say. “Howard…” he prompted, but received no response. Instead, Howard only turned to face him, but it was then that he knew what Howard was thinking. “You’re not serious?” he asked in incredulity. “Why not?” he demanded, his face set such that it expressed his fierce determination. It was this look that got Howard everything and anything he wanted in addition to the fear and respect of the people he asked it of. Steve was used to it and did not respond in the same way; he continued to gape at him. “I’ve thought about it more than I’ve thought about anything else, and you, more than anyone, should know how much that means. It’s the most logical thing to do, Steve, bar none.” “B… but…” Steve stammered. “’But’ what?” Howard asked, sitting back down. “Tell me who you would suggest be a better candidate than you? I trust you above anyone else with my life and with my company and with my son. You’re my best friend, Steve, and you’re Tony’s godfather. There’s no one who would be better to take care of him than you.” “But that’s just it, Howard. I’ve known Tony since he was born, and I’d like to think I’ve helped you raise him. Don’t you see how strange that would be for me to shift from a paternal role to… to his Dom? It’s…” “Of course, I’ve thought about that! But tell me: who would you trust to do what I ask you to? Who do you think I would trust to do what I ask you to?” Steve looked around as though the books and décor held the answer to Howard’s question. “What about Rhodey?” he asked. “He’s a child, and his father’s in the military. Tell me how can I expect him not to take advantage of that?” Howard scoffed. “But
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

freeform: 
Mentions of underage kissing/petting
teenage!Tony
Dom/sub

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

