Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Prologue: My Community





“Mr. Stark,” The judge, a woman in her late fifties with a pinched face, and resembling very much an exotic bird that Tony had recalled seeing in a zoo, sighed as she leaned forward on her podium. In her hands were papers that likely outlined the billionaire’s most recent misconduct, and probably the line of charges listing from his teenage years and onward. “It seems to me,” She pushed the narrow glasses further up her nose. “That this isn’t our first conjunction…” Dark green eyes looked up from long worn lashes. The crows feet that spread out from the tired eyes, only seemed to age the judge more as she allowed herself to fall back into the plush chair.
“Well,” Tony hummed, clasping his hands in front of him. He was donned in a dark grey Armani suit that had been waiting to be used in the back of his closet. He couldn’t even remember exactly why, or when, the outfit had been bought. It must have been an impulse buy when he was drunk in Italy a few summers ago. Though, the fact it still fit perfectly made the billionaire feel rather good about himself. “I’ve got to have at least one public affair a month.” He shrugged, bringing his shoulders up to his ears before letting them drop animatedly. His brows shot up, as he cocked his head, almost daring the judge to say something smart. His own Lawyers were waiting for the chance to jump down her throat and file for a mistrial.
“I am aware,” The judge—Amelia Caprice—sighed before she finally pulled the wire frames from her face. The new prescription had been giving her a migraine all day, and she wasn’t sure how much longer she would be able to handle the pressure building up behind her eyes. Tony Stark—the world famous son of Howard and Maria—seemed to end up in her court room at least once a month, or once every few months. “However, Mr. Stark,” She narrowed her green eyes on the inventor before her. “It seems to me that you like to take advantage of all of the chances that have been given to you.”
Tony felt himself bristle at the accusation. She wasn’t exactly wrong, but Tony wasn’t particularly used to people calling him out on his own bullshit. He hadn’t been prepared for it—neither had his lawyers it seemed. He made a mental note to consult with Pepper Potts to see if there was anything that he would be able to do about that.
“Not everyone gets second chances,” Caprice hummed softly. Her eyes had fallen closed, almost as if she were on the verge of falling asleep. And she would have fooled anyone had it been someone other than Tony. But he knew the look of thoughtfulness; the way her eyelashes just grazed her cheek, and how her brows drew together as she was visualizing a resolve to an invisible problem.
“I am well aware,” Tony blurted, finding his patience lacking as the judge seemed to draw out the sentencing. “That I have been more...privileged...”He swallowed the gruesome feeling that came with the word. The world always seemed to think that he owed them something, from his money to his free time. Just because he was born to a visualist. “But I can assure you--”
“You can assure me,” Caprice cut him off, allowing her head to fall to the side a bit. Her eyes had finally opened, and pierced him with an intimidating gaze that nearly rivaled Pepper’s. “That you will take whatever punishment I decide to hand down...seriously.” She paused, allowing her words to sink in for a moment. “Mr. Stark,” She folded her hands together before leaning forward again. Her elbows rested just on the edge of the podium as she stared out at the court. “Answer me this.”
Tony clenched his jaw, prepared to take whatever condescending question the judge had.
“What do you think your worth is?” She held up her hand, silencing Tony before he could even open his mouth. “I don’t mean of the net variety either. I mean, Tony,” She sighed, shoulders drooping as she processed just how to phrase her question. She knew the waters and sharks she was dancing with, and she wouldn’t give them the satisfaction of getting her fired. “I mean as a human. As one of the citizens of New York city. What is your worth?”
“Pretty high, I’d say.” Tony scoffed, teeth grinding slightly as he glared down the judge before him. “I’ve saved New York several times over, and I’m heavily involved in the politics and care of the city itself.”
“And yet,” Caprice interrupted him. She was, obviously, not happy with the answer that the billionaire was giving her. “You still manage to find yourself arrested at least once or twice a month. You pay your money, and get to go home to comfortable pent house apartment. But what about the people you’ve affected? In this case,” She held up the papers that flapped about in a manila folder. “A lamp post. But before that...you’ve drunkenly ran through a red light and caused a separate crash. Luckily,” The green eyes honed in on Tony with disapproval. “No one was injured. Sure, you paid their medical bills, and offered them new 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Cancer
Hurt Peter Parker
Sick Peter Parker
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

