Work Text:
Tony Stark loved having his face on the TV. If a camera was thrust in his face, he damn well avenged it with impeccable sass and wisdom. He never took it too far to the point of embarrassment. But truly, Tony could never in his life...embarrass himself. He'd scheduled a press conference to discuss questions about what was next for The Avengers, what was next for Stark himself, and also the handful of questions about his seemingly surprising new relationship with the one and only Captain America. Steve wasn't ashamed of Tony talking about it to the public. They'd gone public with their relationship over two years ago, but everyone wanted to know, all the time. The only thing they were private about was what went on in the bedroom. That was extremely private and the only time Steve could ever imagine it being talked about was if Tony was drunk. But Tony had been good, oh so good, he hadn't been drunk for over four months now.Steve was more than proud, and he'd reward Tony with mind blowing morning blowjobs or a quickie in the Stark jet, where Tony found it impossible to be quiet. Thus, the other Avengers knew what they got up to on their way to mission debriefs and missions themselves. If there was one thing Tony loved, it was being noisy, just so that everybody knew that he was being fucked by the Captain America. Or in his words, 'his very handsome and brave Captain' which he likes to remind everybody of. Tony would say Steve was a tiger, protective, generous, but unpredictable and powerful in a sense. Steve jokingly said Tony was a gorilla during a team meeting, even when he got the 'don't fuck with me Rogers' look, he still laughed. But when they were alone, Steve would tell him exactly what he thought he was.
"A fox, that's what I see you as Tony. A fox because...you're cunning and quick-thinking. You're always full of strategies. You've got wisdom and you're intense, but you have passion throughout you too,"
It drove Tony insane with how Steve spoke when he'd said it. Tony had to choke back the soft moan that threatened to escape his throat. But Steve could see by the intensity and desire in Tony's eyes that he'd stirred something inside. The blonde simply smiled with his all too gorgeous lop sided smile, before he had Tony bent over his work bench with his tentative fingers buried knuckle deep in the billionaire's ass. Steve would smile with satisfaction when they wandered into the main room of Avengers Tower to meet up with everybody for dinner, Tony walking strangely with a 'I did just get pounded into my work bench and it took me by surprise' look on his still startled face. The brunette had to admit though, the best part about their sex life was the angry sex. It was no surprise when it became a kink for Tony, he simply loved making Steve boil over.Now, Steve stood in the kitchen, mixing milk into his coffee as Clint, Bucky and Thor sat around the TV. Natasha, Bruce and Sam were doing errands. He narrowed his eyes at the trio, thinking that they were far too close to the TV. But it wasn't much use telling them so, they'd shift back an inch and still have their eyes glued to it. Tony was due on air any minute and Steve, as usual, wasn't the slightest bit worried. He never worried for his lover because he knew Tony would be cool, calm and collected as he always was. Even if there was a bit of sass and sarcasm thrown in, but that was Tony Stark in a nutshell. Steve was still dressed in his pyjamas which was basically a pair of loose sweatpants and a loose shirt. Although, on Steve it wasn't loose on account of his beefy biceps and Dorito shaped figure. Tony never minded...ever. Steve never felt the need to change into anything else at 10am in the morning, he'd become a bit domestic since spending time with Tony."Come on Stevie it's almost started!" Bucky exclaimed."Alright, alright, calm your horses," Steve huffed, picking up his steaming mug of coffee."Punk," Bucky retorted."Jerk," Steve bit back.Steve wandered over and stood by the couch, one arm crossed over his chest as he sipped on his coffee. The buzz of the caffeine woke him up slightly as he stared at the screen, seeing the doors opening to a room where cameras were set up. Tony waltzed into the room like a movie star, his suit ironed and neat and his signature sunglasses propped over his eyes. Steve rolled his eyes and smirked slightly. That's my Tony he thought. The brunette sat down at a chair and propped his sunglasses up on his head, his brown eyes alert and glistening. Steve always loved staring into those chocolate brown swirls, he found them beautiful."Have we lost him? Yeah, we've lost him," Bucky laughed, waving his hand in front of Steve."Hey Steve!" Clint yelled."What? Hm...sorry," the blonde replied, blushing slightly.Bucky snorted."I believe Stark is about to speak," Thor interjected."Well, we're back here again. What is this? The third time this month?" Tony spoke, raising his eyebrow slightly."Sarcastic bastard," Stev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angry Steve
Angry Sex
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Hair-pulling
Biting
Barebacking
Semi-Public Sex
Bathroom Sex
Tony Is In So Much Trouble
Dirty Talk
Nipple Licking
Use Of The Word Whore Only Twice
Deepthroating
Angry Steve Kink
Uniform Kink
Noisy Tony
lip biting
Blood From Lip Biting
Kissing
Rough Kissing
neck biting
Commands
Marriage Proposal
bucky is an avenger
Sam Is An Avenger
News Media
Lube
Come Swallowing
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Sex
Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

