Work Text:
201.Batman is on the national news for the first time, the Tumbler roaring down the highway and destroying probably more property than Bruce is entirely comfortable with, after the fact.His private phone blares over the newscaster’s commentary, and when he picks up, the first thing he hears is a slurred, “You are one crazy motherfucker.”“I don't know what you're talking about,” Bruce says flatly.“Of course you don't. Hey listen, I know a guy who knows a guy who says that Wayne Enterprises' carbon fibre-reinforced articulated fabrics are shit. On a totally unrelated note, there's this engineer in Stark R&D who knows about these things, and is about to be made redundant by my idiotic board of directors by the end of the month. Do you want her?”This is how Tony Stark shows that he cares. Or at least, this is how he shows Bruce that he cares.“Tell her to send me her CV,” he says, “I'll pass it on to Lucius next time I see him.”“Good,” Tony says vaguely, “Good. Okay, well. Later, alligator.”“Take it easy, Tony,” Bruce says. “It's barely past six and you already sound wasted.”“You're on Gotham time. It's barely past four in L.A., which means that pre-gaming for happy hour is a go. But don't worry dearest, I understand. Time for bats to get ready to leave to their caves, it’s all good, whtever floats your boat--”“Tony...”“Nighty night! Don't let the bad guys bite!”It figures that only Tony Stark would figure out Bruce Wayne’s most important secret within hours of getting wind of it, all while under the influence of enough alcohol to fail a breathalyzer three times over.Bruce hangs up, and takes comfort only in the fact that Tony is perhaps the only discreet drunk he’s ever known. 700.Tony answers his phone and immediately says, “I don't want to hear it, Wayne.”Bruce is staring at the television, his eyes glued to speed-of-sound blur of color streaking across the screen. “A red and gold robot suit? Seriously?”“It’s called showmanship. And the gold is totally necessary, it's an essential alloy coating—”“You're joking.”A pause. “There's nothing funny about this,” Tony says.Since Tony’s capture, Alfred has been leaving the newspaper religiously opened to the business section every morning at Bruce's breakfast table, tracking the stutter, rise, and fall of Stark Industries stock in tandem with Tony's disappearance, return, and dissolving of SI's weapons manufacture.Bruce thinks about the weeks Tony endured, isolated and surviving, not by choice, but by force. “No,” he admits, “I guess I can't say that I'm laughing.”“Yeah,” Tony agrees. “Hey, where do you buy your under-suit kevlar in bulk?”Bruce continues to look at the screen, unseeing now, and wonders whether to celebrate Iron Man, or mourn the Tony Stark that he used to know. “I'll email you their number,” he says, after a second.It will take him years to realize that Tony has been mourning him in just the same way for more than a decade. 4.They are little more than a couple of shrimpy kids when they’re sent off, and their only similarities are that they come from wealth, they don't talk much, and they regularly fuck up the bell curve for everyone else in their classes.In math and science, Tony is always best, Bruce second best. In the social sciences and humanities, Bruce is best, and Tony is above average, but mostly unwilling to apply himself. They don't study together. They don't compete. Tony takes to sitting down next to Bruce at lunch, but Bruce figures this is because Tony knows he can count on Bruce not to make too much conversation.Bruce privately resents Tony in the first year, the same way he privately resents everyone else—because Tony has parents to come home to, not just an empty house, where every resonant step on a marble tile echoes the sounds of absence and loss that Alfred can never entirely stifle.But then they come back from the holidays, and Tony has a split lip that he shrugs off as a skiing mishap, and his dismissal is a study in everything every policeman has ever done in front of Bruce to make him worry less, make him want revenge less.Tony sits down in the cafeteria that first day back, next to Bruce as usual, his shoulders hunched like he’s cold even though they’re close to the kitchen's radiant heat. Bruce says quietly, “Hey.”Tony blinks at him. Then he says, “Have you done the problem set for trig yet?”“It was pretty easy,” Bruce nods.“It was ludicrous!” Tony throws up his hands. His sleeves fall back around his forearms.For a moment, Bruce can see the fading bruises on his wrists, in the shapes of fingers. Then Tony realizes what’s happened, and the cuffs are wrenched back down over his hands.Bruce looks at the clenched fists in Tony's lap, then up at Tony's challenging expression, and says, “When do you think they'll let us attend the upper level classes?”Something very subtle shifts in Tony's eyes. “I dunno,” he says. “But it better be soon, because I'm bored out of my mind.”“We can play blindfold chess during, if you like
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Phone Calls & Telephones
Crossover
bros!
Boarding School
Drunk Dialing

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bruce Wayne

