Work Text:

Yelena laid on the bed as her boobs started hurting she knew what time it is... “Kate!” Yelena yelled as her girlfriend heard her name being yelled she ran into the bedroom and said “what's wrong hottie?” As she asked, she noticed the blondie taking off her shirt and undoing her bra “my breasts hurt..can you try and make me feel better~” Yelena said as she looked at Kate with that look. Kate smiled as she got on the bed and started massaging Yelena's breasts  “not like that, you know i want~” Yelena said as she wanted the dark haired women to lick and suck on her breasts. Kate looked hesitant as she hadn’t done that to the older woman for a while “c'mon.. You know you want too~” she said as  she rubbed her breasts around making this a little bit more tempting for Kate Bishop. “Fine..” she said as she started licking Yelena's breasts causing soft and quiet whimpers to come out of the blondies mouth. 
 
“Good girl~” Yelena said as those licks turned into sucks and Kate was sucking Yelenas nipples, “ahh~” the blondie moaned out as she felt milk coming out of her breasts, instead of Kate stopping and being confused she just let that happened the milk tasted sweet but also Yelenas left breast had milk dripping down her tit and stomach Kate noticed that so she stopped sucking on the right one and paid more attention to the left one, she started off by licking the milk that was dripping down, then she started sucking on Yelena's left nipple doing what she had been doing on her right nipple as she sucked on it she used her tongue to lick it and she just loved this more than she thought she would and as thing got better Yelena said this “your such a good girl for me~” she knew that she liked that so that made Kate more submissive. 
 
The left one had stopped making milk and then she had to focus on the right one just so she knew that the pain wouldn’t happen again, and while Kate licked up and swallowed the rest of the milk Yelena smiled as she felt much better. When Kate was done she kissed Yelena's cheek as the blondie said “i wanna fuck you so hard and rough that you cant walk~”  and as Kate heard that she quickly got herself undressed “you wanna be fucked so bad dont you~” Yelena said as she took her leggings off and her underwhere revealing a large cock Yelenas cock was much larger and harder “Your cock is so big~” Kate said as she started rubbing Yelenas large cock “i love you~” Yelena said as she enjoyed this, Kate got off the bed and bent over the bed “come here and fuck me and get me pregnant~” Kate said as Yelena got up and walked towards Kate sne slapped her ass causing Kate to moan then she shoved her cock in Kates pussy.
 
“No matter how many times i fuck this pussy its still so fucking tight~” Yelena said as she started pumping her large, hard cock in and out of Kates pussy “Ah~ ah~” the dark haired woman moaned as her girlfriend fucked her pussy “do you really wanna get pregnant?~”  Yelena said as she fucked her girlfreind “Yes!~” Kate said as Yelena fucked Kate much roughter “Your mine~!” Yelena said as she pounded the 22 girl, the blondie was pumping in and out so quickly Kate's ass would have so many bruises the only sounds were Yelenas and Kates moans and the sounds of their skin hitting each other “You feel so good~” Yelena said as she fucked the younger woman much more rough as she got closer and closer to cumming in the bitch that was bent over the bed.”im gonna fill you up with my load bitch!~” Yelena said as she came, filling up Kates fertile womb.




Yelena pulled out and shoved her cock into Kates ass “aaaahhhh~” Kate moaned as this new feeling felt good but a but painful without any preparation she started pounding Kate's ass going fast stretching the tight hole out “this is even tighter than your cunt~” Yelena said and Kate could only respond with moans and whimpers as Yelena going in and out as fast and rough she had been going made Kate unable to form a coherent sentence Yelena fucked her rougher not caring that her cock is senstive and she will probably cum quickler then she expected. “This feels soo goood~” Kate moaned as her girlfriend fucked her tight ass the finally Yelena came, Kate blushed more than she had before when she felt that warm white liquid squirt into her ass. She finally pulled out and was done, she wasn't exhausted so she grabbed her stuff and got dressed and gave her girlfriend a hoodie and underwear.
 
Once Kate got dressed Kate and Yelena laid on the bed “I love you” Yelena said as she cuddled the dark haired submissive girl, “I love you more!” Kate said. A few months later Yelena smiled as they both were about to tell Natasha the big surprise “I'm pregnant!” Kate told the red haired woman who seemed so happy about it. 
 
       “Congratulations!!” Natasha said as she smiled.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Girl Penis
Breeding
Large Cock
excessive cum
Anal Sex
Animated GIFs
Rough Sex
Lactation Kink
Lactation
breast pain
Nipple Licking
Pregnancy
Pregnancy Kink
Don't Like Don't Read
Breastfeeding

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

