Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Sneak Peek:"Children of nature from another culture
Had to survive living in the light
Stolen form the centre of the world untimely departure
Somehow survived living in the light"Caron Wheeler – "Livin' in the Light"His hands shook at his sides."It will take time for the nanobots to even out in your bloodstream, N'Jadaka."Erik's cousin Shuri ran a tiny metalic retinal scanner across both of his eyes. He stood up, and she held onto his right hand."How is your balance?" she asked.Uneven. At first.Erik shook his feet and then wiggled his legs. The loose dark tunic and dark linen trousers felt cool and gauzy against his skin. He felt the hot thrumming circulation in his veins as a surge of pressure caused a thump of pain in his left arm. The nanobots kicking in. The daily return to his cryo chamber was being weaned slowly as his body adjusted to being brought back from the purgatory they sequestered him in for three years. If Shuri hadn't broken protocol and freed him, T'Challa would've kept Erik there indefinitely. He couldn't understand why she had brought him back from the twilight of death. Guilt? Justice? Scientific curiosity?"I'm going to take you somewhere. If you feel overwhelmed, let me know and I can give you a dose of ubechwe ."She held up the slender three-inch glass dispenser tube filled with a glowing magenta substance."Ready?" her gentle brown eyes regarded his suspicious ones."Where are you taking me?"His voice felt dry and brittle in his seldom used throat. The vocal cords strained as the two bands of sinewy muscles rubbed together squeaking out a raspy tone. His larynx was raw like someone tap dancing on heated rocks in his neck.Shuri's eyes hid something. She tried to play it off like it was a typical check up day, no different from the last forty-five days of his release from cryostasis. For forty-five days it was just Shuri and her assistants, solemn visits from T'Challa, and quiet interactions with a sullen one-armed white man they called Barnes. The only anomaly was a day where he sat behind a glass partition hooked to internal probes and a brain scanner. An elderly woman dressed in regal sky blue robes and a tall aquamarine isicholo stood behind the glass barrier and stared at him with T'Challa by her side. When Erik turned his head toward her, she burst into tears and pounded her fists onto the glass, then struck T'Challa in the face several times. The Dora Milaje and Shuri didn't stop her at all. T'Challa withstood the abuse to his face, his eyes shutting tight. The old woman cursed him in Wakandan then splayed her fingers on the glass."N'Jobu! N'Jobu!" she shrieked before Shuri helped her away from the barrier.The old woman fussed with Shuri before she turned her fiery eyes back toward Erik."N'Jadaka...ngiyaxolisa! Ngiyaxolisa!" she shouted.Erik saw tears in T'Challa's eyes then. And shame."Who was that?" Erik asked after the woman left the medical room.T'Challa's eyes were downcast."That was Umama. Our grandmother. I did not inform her of your existence until today."Erik jumped up from the medical platform he sat on with probes hovering over his body."That was my father's mother?"She was still alive?"Our grandparents live in the Jabari mountains. Ever since your father...when we lost contact with him, Umama refused to stay in the palace until he came home. This is the first time she has been in Wakanda for over twenty years.""Why didn't you let me speak to her?"One of the floating round probes turned scarlet red and chirped loudly. Shuri rushed back in to check on him. Erik slapped his hand on the glass."Why didn't you let her talk to me?!""Calm down, N'Jadaka," Shuri said running her fingers across the glass and bringing up glowing controls that popped up on the surface."What did she say to me?"Erik grit his teeth, his eyes on T'Challa."She said she was sorry," T'Challa said."I want to talk to her. Bring her back!""We don't want her even more upset. Once she is given time to process your existence, I will set up a time for you both to meet," Shuri said."She never knew..." he mumbled.Erik glanced behind Shuri and tried to picture Umama's face again. It had been warm...loving, even through the tears. Not cool and apprehensive like T'Challa's. Wonders never ceased."Follow me," Shuri said.Erik's eyes tracked the décor in the long narrow hall they crossed to leave Shuri's medical lab. Two Dora Milaje followed behind them. Their sonic spears were ready to jolt him into submission if he acted out like the first time they escorted him to another space. He had been weak, dizzy, disoriented then, but his hands found their way around T'Challa's throat. Erik frightened all of them then. He was like a rabid animal and T'Challa wanted him returned to cryostasis. Shuri refused to do it, defying him. There was a schism between them because of his presence.Another long hall. An elevator ride up to a transport station.His eyes drifted up to the side of a cliff face, and his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
