Work Text:
Tony was nothing if not accurate in his prediction that his second eighteenth birthday party was going to be a smashing success. There was none of the ceremony involved in his first party, none of the pomp and circumstance, and that in itself made it far more successful than his first party. What made it truly legendary though was the free-flowing booze, the half-naked dancers (which were solely for the benefit of the unattached men, of course), the pounding music, the suspicious smoke that drifted through the parlor, the laughter, the merriment and the guests, half of which were drunk a mere hour after the party commenced and the rest by 10pm. Tony had spent most of the night with his friends, drinking and playing cards in the bigger parlor, while Steve was with his father and the rest of the remaining Howling Commandos in the adjacent room, presumably doing the same. By the end of the night, the party had degenerated to drunken table-top dances from many of the girls and cajoling from the boys, neither of which Tony wished to participate in, so he slipped into the other room which was probably only slightly less loud as the other room. The Commandos were huddled around the pool table, placing bets and jeering at Howard and Falsworth who were trying to outdo each other. Falsworth had years of practice on his side while Howard had geometry and physics; it sounded to be a close match by the way the Commandos were… well… howling. Peggy, Maria and the rest of the ladies, on the other hand were on the other side of the parlor, immersed in a game of cards, looking a far cry from their usual high-class selves what with cigarettes between their lips and bottles of beer scattered around them. It took Steve barely a second to notice Tony enter. He smiled at him and pulled out of the group—his place swarmed by Dum Dum and Morita who were yelling at Howard to distract him—to step closer to Tony and press him up against the door. “Hey,” he greeted. “Done in there?” Tony grinned. “They’re getting lap dances and blowjobs,” he answered, tracing the buttons of Steve’s shirt with his index finger. “I’d rather be giving them to you,” he added with a seductive little smirk that made Steve chuckle and press a kiss to his mouth which Tony returned with equal fervor. He wrapped his arms around his godfather’s neck to pull him closer while Steve pressed him harder into the wood, his hands gripping the narrow waist before him. Lips parted and tongues stroked each other, but Tony quickly yielded to his Dom, parting his mouth to allow Steve to explore it—not that the soldier didn’t know it by heart by now. The flavor of liquor was strong, but it only made Steve groan softly into Tony’s mouth. “Oi! I may have given you permission to do my son, but not anywhere that I can see, please,” Howard suddenly remarked, strangely loudly, and it was only then that they realized the room had gone silent. “Ignore him, darling. Feel free to have at it right here,” Peggy teased as Tony blushed several shades of red. Steve simply laughed and moved his hands to clasp one of Tony’s, intending to draw him further into the room, but Tony tugged at Steve’s hand to draw his attention away from the snickering and teasing. “Hey, come on,” he said. “I think it’s time for you to give me your gift.” He grinned suggestively, and Steve laughed again before kissing him quickly. They left without a goodbye, but didn’t go unignored as catcalls followed them out. Tony gave a brief wave to Rhodey who grinned and waggled his eyebrows in acknowledgement, as they passed through the main parlor, before refocusing his attention on the girl in his lap. They had barely made it into the hallway when Tony tugged Steve down for a kiss that quickly progressed from a simple smack into a full-blown make-out. Steve cupped his cheeks with both hands while pushing him back into a niche in the wall, right beside a display of one of Maria’s Ming vases. Tony wrapped one leg around Steve’s waist, pulling him closer to grind against him while his fingers fumbled with the buttons of his shirt. With a small cry of triumph, Tony pushed Steve’s shirt open and attached his mouth to his bared collarbone while the older man lifted him up and pressed him harder against the wall. He groaned as his sub licked and sucked at his skin and, in turn, he ground himself into his lover’s hips and kneaded the flesh in his palms. “Bedroom, Steve,” Tony murmured in between gasps and moans. “I… I want to taste you.” Steve drowned his moan in another filthy kiss but managed to pull the both of them away from the wall. He had to rely on all his training and skill to blindly juggle Tony up the stairs and into their bedroom while the teenager writhed and rutted against him without pulling his lips from Steve’s, but he managed eventually and practically slammed Tony against the nearest wall and devoured him and when he had taken his fill, pulled himself away and allowed Tony to fall to the floor on his k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Light BDSM
PWP

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark

