Chapter 1: back-alley bath bombs
    




Chapter Text
Darcy is thirty feet out of Stark-cum-Avengers Tower when she starts craving cinnamon rolls--the sticky-sweet iced-up old-fashioned kind, yummy and messy and dripping gooshy icing all over your mouth and hands and down your yuuuup, yup, that is a super, super fertile omega that she is smelling, holy shit is it ever. “Jesus Christ,” she groans in frustration, then follows her alpha instincts (and, more easily and importantly, her nose) to go track them down. They’re in the middle of New York City; middle of the day or not, not checking on somebody who smells like that is, like, the ultimate dick move. She also pulls out her taser and cell just in case there are less altruistically-minded alphas doing the same as her, because Darcy Lewis is a realist and also let’s not even play, right now her alpha hormones wouldn’t mind the excuse for a fight. That is hindbrain-thinking, though, and she doggedly ignores it even if it’s been six months since they left Ian and his delicious melty marshmallow and milk chocolate pheromones back in London to finish his--Anyway. Here. Now. Omega. Sticky-sweet yummy messy gooshy omega--not helping, hindbrain. Ugh. Three blocks and infinite weird twisty turns later Darcy ends up in a skinny dead-end alley with crummy lighting even this time of day and boarded-up windows on all its buildings, which is not a smart choice for either her or this omega to be making, she thinks. There’s a few other alphas already there, one crouched down and talking real quiet to the omega and two standing a little further away, so Darcy conceals her taser and hovers her finger over the emergency call button on her cell just in case, hanging back automatically. The omega she’s just chased down is about her age and huddled up in the darkest and least safe-looking corner of the place, a male with long dark hair wearing thick jeans, heavy boots, a good three layers of shirts, and a denim jacket, all topped off with a baseball cap. It is genuinely terrible heat clothing--okay, well, any clothing is pretty terrible in heat, but even if he’d slept in those clothes last night the guy must’ve at least been in pre-heat when he got dressed, how the hell he’s standing being grated on by that much rough and heavy fabric is completely--His hair’s kind of greasy, Darcy realizes. He hasn’t shaved in a few days; at least long enough that even an omega jawline is showing stubble. The clothes are a little dingy, and under that yummy cinnamon-bun scent he smells more like antiseptic wipes and public bathroom soap than the kind of lush and lovey bath products and lotions most omegas Darcy knows pamper themselves with in pre-heat, making themselves all soft and pretty and yummy-smelling, with scents deliberately chosen to complement their heat pheromones. “Antiseptic wipe and cinnamon sugar” is definitely not a complementing combination. Okay. So he’s homeless, or at least thoroughly temporarily stranded--a tourist who missed a flight and couldn’t afford a hotel or a local who got kicked out of the apartment by a dick roommate or who knows, really. Either way he clearly didn’t have the resources to be nice to himself in pre-heat and looks like he’s paying for it now; he smells like he’s pretty early in his cycle and already looks unhappy as hell. Which is kind of a shame because he smells sweet as hell even with the antiseptic and yeah, her clit’s already sitting up and taking notice enough to make her pants a little uncomfortable, but she’s not the actual scum of the earth and under the circumstances can’t really enjoy it. The omega looks up at the alpha crouched in front of him then, and his expression is absolute misery. Darcy loses her chub entirely at the sight and it takes everything in her to suppress the instincts that want to go kill, like, a mastodon for the guy and also everyone who’s ever been rude to him in his life. Jesus. The alpha looks alarmed, and his fingers twitch towards--His gun. He has a fucking gun on him. He has a fucking gun on him and just aborted the instinctive grab for it after making eye contact with a distressed omega, what the fuck. What the fuck. “Hey now, sweetheart. Don’t be like that,” the alpha says, just the edge of wariness in his voice. “Don’t you want to come home with us? You know we’ll take care of you good.” “What the fuck,” Darcy says incredulously, and all three alphas stiffen at the sound of her voice, but none of them take their eyes off the omega on the ground. And not in the pheromone-drunk way she’s used to, either the sweet or creepy version; more like they’re waiting to see if a vicious-looking dog is inclined to try biting. Darcy immediately wants to stick her taser in all their fucking crotches. A heated-up omega isn’t a threat, not to anybody who’ll take “no” for an answer and isn’t trying to drag them home with a bunch of their buddies like a damn party favor. “I’m calling the cops,” she announces loudly, holding u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
references to past Darcy Lewis/Ian Boothby
references to past James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
brief Darcy Lewis/Johnny Storm
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
post-CATWS
Dubious Consent Due To Identity Issues
references to past rape
Discussion of Abortion
references to past forced abortion
Kink Negotiation
Dirty Talk
Praise Kink
Mpreg
Fantasy Gender Roles
Courting Rituals
healing cock
Healing Knot
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Alpha Darcy Lewis
Omega Bucky Barnes
Darcy Lewis can't lose
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Fuck Yeah Female Alphas

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
references to past Darcy Lewis/Ian Boothby
references to past James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
brief Darcy Lewis/Johnny Storm
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

