Work Text:
The fingers of Steve's left hand tightly gripped the stem of the glass he was holding, his knuckles whitening and nails threatening to break the delicate stem.  Forcing down the frustration that was about to spill over his lips he crossed the room full of glittering, perfect, beautiful people in a search for his own special shining light. Approaching the one person who might know where Tony had slid off too, he opened his mouth to ask only to have Pepper incline her head towards the balcony. Catching sight of two figures through the filmy gauze of muslin draped over the long window, Steve set his mouth in a firm line and turned in that direction, only to have Pepper lay a gentle restraining hand on his arm.“He's working, Steve. She's the daughter of an important investor. He's just looking for funds.”Steve glanced back at the window where the two figures had moved closer together, heads leaning in.
Nodding curtly, he strode forward. Twitching aside the fabric, the cacophony of the party fell into dissonant white noise as he saw the willowy blonde in front of Tony grab at his hand. Steve's brow creased as he watched Tony turn to her with a soft smile crossing his face and the frown deepened as she reached her hand around the back of Tony's dark head and pulling him down, kissed him full on the mouth. Steve's fists clenched as Tony's arm reflexively came around her waist, fingertips grazing the side of her breast as he parted his lips to say something and Steve caught the flash of the woman's tongue as she slipped it into Tony's mouth.  Never breaking his stride, Steve nodded at the woman who smiled knowingly at him as he grabbed his wayward lover none to gently by his jacket cuff and mumbling platitudes and lies at the woman tugged him back through the ballroom and into the hallway. Steve's hand slipped from Tony's jacket to grasp at his slick wrist as he spun him around.Leaning forward to pull Tony's tie from around his neck, Steve caught Tony's chin in his hand.'There had better be a room where we can talk and it had better be close by.” He ground into Tony's ear.Tony's blue eyes stared into his, darkening black. “Down the hall.” He gasped softly.Steve gestured with his hand and followed Tony down the hall to a nondescript door, eyes tracing the lines of his shoulders outlined in finely tailored cloth, black material hugging his body. As soon as Tony had swiped his clearance card and the door opened, Steve pushed him through and kicked it closed behind them.  Dim lighting flooded the small executive washroom, tastefully appointed in leather and cream paint. A small couch and table dominated the room. All Steve could focus on was the man in front of him, the smell of him, the closeness of him and the way Tony's breath was coming in short, breathy pants.Tony's hand slapped wetly at the wall in front of him as the heavy weight of Steve's body against his back pushed him into it.  Steve fisted his fingers into the tangled black curls of Tony's hair and pulling his head back against his shoulder licked a lascivious strip of heat along his exposed throat.  “You are mine.”  He rasped harshly in Tony's ear as he sucked hard at the tender flesh at the base of the man's neck and catching Tony's wrists, bound the tie he was still holding around them.  Steve ran the back of his hand against Tony's lips rubbing the red of the woman's lipstick off his mouth.“Mine.”  Steve reminded him as his hands slid roughly down Tony's chest and undoing his belt and zipper pushed his fingers into Tony's boxers cupping him tightly. “Everyone wants you. Men, women. But only I take you home.”Steve panted, his need growing as he thought of all the eyes on his lover.  Rolling his hips forward, he ground his aching cock into the soft skin of Tony's thigh and groaned into open mouth sucking his tongue into his mouth and swallowing Tony's incoherent moans. Flipping up Tony's jacket and exposing his ass, Steve bought the palm of his hand down sharply over the skin presented to him.“But sometimes you have to be reminded, don't you baby.” He whispered into Tony's ear.Tony's knees threatened to buckle as the flat of Steve's hand came down again over his rapidly burning ass. Pushing himself back into Steve's groin he groaned. The total possession he felt when he managed to push Steve this far, to tip him over the edge was worth the cold silence and pointed looks he would get from Pepper tomorrow for abandoning his duties to the Foundation. Thick fingers grasped his aching cock and Tony's hips pushed forward.“Not yet, babe.” Steve's voice raspy and thick resonated in his ear, before sharp teeth bit down hard on his neck. Pushing him forward to the couch, Steve removed Tony's pants and underwear, bending him over the arm of the couch. Strong fingers ran smoothly over his heated flesh and Tony heard the rustle of material before he felt slick fingers probing at his entrance. Spreading his legs, he pushed back moaning loudly.  A sharp burst
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Possessive Steve Rogers
Claiming
Semi-Public Sex
Spanking
Discipline
Dom/sub Undertones

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

