Chapter 1: The Arrival
    




Chapter Text
 Peter sat down at his desk in his apartment building with a grunt of pain, holding his bruised side which would most likely be healed by morning.  It's been over a month since everyone has forgotten about Peter Parker and the spider themed vigilante doesn't think he's ever felt this alone in his entire life.  He has no one anymore, no team, no aunt, no best friend, no girlfriend, no sister, no Pepper... He's lost everything, and it's all his fault.  He deserves to be alone for always causing so much trouble, they don't need to deal with his shit anymore, they can live their lives without him getting in the way.  They'll be happier without him... Before he could think of anything else though, he was suddenly blinded by a white light which consumed him and everything around him. The last thought he had before being teleported away was his Parker Luck struck again... He just couldn't catch a break could he?  Meanwhile, Avengers and their families were all being transported from different time lines toward one specific place, a place that would show them all the tragic story of Spider-Man.   The first to arrive in the theater were the two Avengers who were about to bring back half the population. Tony and Steve.   They both landed in the front of what, to them, seemed to be some sort of theater. Once they gathered their bearings, their eyes wandered around in shock from the sudden teleportation.   "Where the hell are we?!" Tony exclaimed, looking around for any threats.   "Don't fear, I'm not here to harm you, I simply want to show you your future." A voice said from the ceiling which caused Tony to jump in shock and Steve to turn his head around frantically, looking for any sort of threat.  "And who are you?" Steve asked.   "Who I am is no concern to you, for now, I need to bring in the others." Without another word, another flash passed through the room and brought in the rest of the audience minus two people.   Natasha was brought back from the moment right before her death, Clint, Kate, his children and wife were brought back right after that very first Christmas with each other, after the Kingpin incident.   Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, May, Mj, Ned and Morgan all came from right after they found out Peter's identity had been revealed.   The Guardians, Carol, Wanda, Sam, Bucky, Shuri, T'Challa, Scott, Hope, Cassie, Thor, Bruce, Fury and Maria came from right before the whole London attack.   Another group of people also flashed in that quickly caught Natasha's attention. Yelena, Alexei and Melina all popped in as well, even though they were very confused.  All the newcomers to the theater looked around and when they made eye contact with the the three heroes that had died, they were instantly bombarded by their family.   "Tony!" The man barely had anytime to react before his wife was in his arms, hugging him like he would vanish at any given moment.   "I'm right here Pep, I'm not going anywhere." He tried to sooth her but she wasn't having any of it, her husband was back for some unknown reason but she wasn't gonna complain, not when she could hold him at least one last time.  He was alive...  Meanwhile, Sam and Bucky were walking up to Steve with a smile on their faces.   "Nice to see you man." Sam said, offering his hand out for the old captain to shake.   "Sam?" Steve asked in shock. He didn't know what was happening, but he was pretty sure the two people standing in front of him were supposed to be dead.   "Good to see you Stevie." Bucky said, bringing the man in for a hug which he gratefully returned.   "Hey Buck, good to see you too." Steve said, grasping his best friend back.  He missed him...  When they pulled back, Steve looked at Sam’s attire and raised an eyebrow, "You stealing my look Wilson?" He asked, gesturing to the outfit.  Sam smirked, "Actually, you gave me the all clear on the look Cap, it was you who passed down the giant dinner plate to me."   Steve's eyes widened, "So you're from the future?"   "Yeah you could say that." Bucky smiled.  The last group of people who were reuniting was the assassins and the Bartons. When Natasha first laid eyes on her baby sister she instantly ran towards her, engulfing the younger woman in a giant bear hug.   "Yelena." She spoke so softly into her sisters ears, making sure only she could hear her voice.   "Natasha." Yelena muttered back, hugging her and burying deep into her older sisters arms.   "I'm here, I'm right here."  The two sisters held onto each other for another minute before Melina and Alexei interrupted them.   "My daughter comes back from dead and she won't even give her old man a hug? I'm hurt!" Alexei exclaimed with a wide smile across his face.  Natasha rolled her eyes, "And I won't, has anyone ever told you how much you stink?" She asked sarcastically.   "Yes, you all have. Many times."   Natasha smirked before she was suddenly in the arms of her, sort of, mother figure. She smiled though and wra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie) Spoilers
obviously
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Peter Parker Feels
Peter Parker Angst
Peter Parker Has Issues
Peter Parker Needs a Break
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Natasha Romanov Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Avengers
Hurt Peter Parker
Human Disaster Matt Murdock
Protective Yelena Belova
BAMF Yelena Belova
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Natasha Romanov
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop Friendship
Kate Bishop Is a Good Bro
BAMF Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

