Chapter 1: aftermath
    


Summary:

Peter begins to deal with the aftermath of the events of No Way Home and meets a soon to be mentor



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter may have been dead to the world, but New York still needed spider-man. So Peter went out craft store hopping until he found some blue and red spandex, a sewing machine, and some black fabric for the spider design. He had tried to continue using either of the Stark suits, but they didn't recognize him anymore, so he was back to basics for now. Going back to his apartment was always hard because it reminded him of just how lonely he was. Sure, he had a few pictures of May, Ned, and MJ, but none with him in them. No, he wasn't in any pictures anymore. Any pictures that used to have him in them had either vanished or he had disappeared from the picture like he’d never even been there. The pictures he did have he had snached from their old apartment before Happy had gotten there, or taken from his friends houses while they were out. (Was it really stealing if they were your best friends?) Still, all Peter felt was empty. A hollow emptiness that was going to swallow him whole. He had no one. Tony, May, and Ben? Dead. Ned, MJ, and Happy? They’d forgotten he existed. The only thing he had left was Spider-man, so he got up and got to work.A week later, his new suit was finished. He had barely left his apartment except for when he needed to get more supplies or when his stomach reminded him to eat. The suit was a little rough around the edges, between Peter's formerly sub-par but now halfway decent sewing skills and the tech he had managed to salvage from the Stark Suits. What he needed was a job. He was currently living off what cash May had kept in their apartment and what he had been able to withdraw from May’s bank account before Happy had closed it. Not nearly enough to last him longer than a month or two between New York rent costs and his superhuman eating habits. Hell, maybe he’d apply to Stark Industries. Not today though. Today, he was going out as Spider-man. He felt the slightest touch of excitement at the thought of going out again. This was the first thing that had made him feel anything positive since May died and the world forgot he existed. That good feeling was trampled very soon after he went out.The first crime he stopped was an armed robbery that left him with a graze from a bullet wound along his arm since he was still adjusting to not having any technology support other than his web shooters. The second crime was an attempted child abduction. Apparently the kid's dad was not happy that his custody rights had been revoked after a few domestic violence incidents. After that, any remaining excitement from going out again dissolved and the pain and loneliness set in once again. He was out to stop crime, this wasn't an after school sport where it didn't matter if he put in any effort or not. This was life and death, and not just for him but for everyone that he saved and everyone he didn't. The third crime he stopped was an attempted rape, and all the feelings came out then. By the time Peter even realized what he had done, the man was already unconscious and looked half-dead with blood covering his head and chest. He looked down at himself and saw the suit looked like he had just committed murder, with blood spattered everywhere. The woman was still sobbing, but her breath caught once she saw what Spider-man had done. Peter told her to call the cops and asked her if she wanted him to stay with her while they waited. The woman nodded, so Peter guided her to a less dirty part of the alley and sat with her while she called the cops and waited for them to arrive. Once Peter saw the blue and red lights, he said goodbye to the woman and swung up to the rooftop. He heard her thank you echo in his ears for the next hour.When he got back to his apartment, he shucked off the suit and dumped it on the floor before immediately getting in the shower. The barely healed graze from the bullet that he had forgotten about burned under the water that he had turned up as hot as it could go, but he didn't care. He needed to get the feeling of the blood off of him. His knuckles were bruised and cut but healing fast, and before he even got out of the shower, the only remnant of the night was the slimy feeling in his gut that now sat beside his never ending emptiness. After a dinner of instant mac and cheese, he tossed and turned before falling asleep around 3AM.Waking up the next morning was a challenge in and of itself. He felt sick about what he had done to that man, even if he was a horrible person. Beating people to the cusp of death was not his MO. Spider-man was a friendly neighborhood vigilante, he webbed people up and left notes for cops, and what he didn't do was leave victims in alleys for the police to find when they arrived. It would probably help him to subdue criminals if he actu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

freeform: 
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Daredevil (TV) Spoilers
The Defenders (Marvel TV) Spoilers
Bisexual Matt Murdock
Human Disaster Jessica Jones
Trans Peter Parker
How Do I Tag

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

