Chapter 1: Lights in the Night Sky
    




Chapter Text
That spring, foxes came to Golden Gate Park.It started with gray foxes, the local ones dominant and indigenous to the area, but then red foxes gradually began to join them. At first it seemed to be the odd itinerant fox migrating farther west than it should have, but then it simply kept happening.It made the news, especially when people seemed to realize that the animals were there to stay. Foxes wandering the fields, crossing roads, and venturing out into town became something of a minor attraction. It wasn't without its uproar, of course. Worried parents clutched at pearls over the possibility of children getting bitten. Fish and Wildlife Services made noise about this new development and its implications for the local ecosystem, uncertainty over the cause of the population shift, and of course the threat of diseases. Some worried about the possibility of some kind of sickness driving these foxes into the area, but a few that were caught and tested proved to be in excellent health. Experts kept a close eye on the phenomenon, and city employees put up signs warning against feeding the animals.For the life of them, no one could figure out how or why it was happening. But thus far the change seemed harmless enough, so no drastic action was taken. By and large, the citizens of San Fransokyo collectively shrugged their shoulders, took pictures, and kept a closer eye on pets and children.Rumors flew left and right. Most people agreed that you could see the most foxes if you sat in the Tea Garden, kept quiet and still, and waited. Some insisted that at least one of the foxes would bring you good luck if you saw it. Others were convinced that the foxes had escaped from some experimental farm like the one in Russia that domesticated them. A conspiracy theorist or three could often be seen raving on their blogs about hoaxes and government experiments.And then there was Nozomi Takai.Nozomi was eight years old and had gotten separated from her group while on a field trip to Golden Gate Park. In her frantic dash through the Tea Garden in search of her class, she had tripped, skinned her knee in the fall, and given in to panic.She was absolutely insistent that a fox had come up to sit with her. He wasn't a very big fox, but he had orange fur and yellow eyes and a fluffy tail, and he'd let her pet him until she stopped crying. Strangest of all, he had then urged her to her feet and led her back to her frantic chaperone. No one else saw the fox, and even the grown-ups just looked confused when she pointed to him. Then she looked away from him for a moment, and when she looked back, the fox was gone and all she could see was a man in raggy clothes walking away. Very few of her friends believed her.But somewhere deep in the North Pole, among millions of others on the surface of a massive globe, a tiny light flickered to life.

It was a quarter past ten on a Saturday night, and Tadashi was experimenting.
He'd borrowed an empty notebook from his own bedroom for this – a while ago, he would have balked at moving anything around at home, for fear of startling Hiro, but he had been disappointed, not relieved, when his brother took no notice of one less spiral notebook on his bookshelf. In any case, armed with a stopwatch and writing materials, Tadashi stood out on the roof of an apartment building not far from his aunt's cafe and watched the golden ribbons of dream sand float and drift through the air. Some were as thin as yarn, others nearly half as wide as he was tall. They lit the night sky with soft yellow, forming pictures and images of dreams.
I wonder what they look like if dreams get X-rated
, he thought absently, and decided never, ever, to ask the Sandman that. Besides, that wasn't what he was here for.
One of the ribbons floated over this particular roof, as wide as Tadashi's own leg. It hovered at the height of his chin, and he could easily reach out and touch it. It wasn't gritty or scratchy as he would have expected sand to feel, but as soft and fine as flour or sawdust. He turned his hand, fluttering his fingers and watching the sand scatter and swirl.And then he stepped back, applied just the lightest touch of his will, and swept his hand to the side. A wisp of sand came away at his command, and he started the stopwatch.He felt his heart skip a beat. Carefully he stepped farther away from the main path of dream sand and focused on the small handful of it that followed him. The golden ribbon swirled around him, and he watched it play about between his hands until it slipped from his control and fled back to the Sandman's.With hands that trembled a little, Tadashi opened the notebook, flipped past old, half-forgotten designs, and found the page that he had most recently started writing in. It wasn't as exact as he would have liked; he could only eyeball it and judge that the amount was somewhere between three and three and a half tablespoons. And that was onl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Guardian Tadashi AU
Kitsune

fandom: 
None
