Chapter 1: 1.
    


Notes:
Imagine me as Chloe Sullivan in season 1 of Smallville, back before we knew that her actress was part of a creepy sex cult. Imagine me standing in front of this fic with my arms outstretched and going "It started out as a scrapbook... and then it just kind of mutated!" with a manic grin on my face as I show you all these little snippets of Kate and Yelena being gay and in love.When I finished with my other fic for these two, I asked my friend PlushPanda what I should write next and also that I was sleepy, because work is a demon that won't stop hanging off my back. And when she said "You should write a sleepy one shot, then" I was like... okay! Sure! 5 Times Kate Falls Asleep With Yelena and 1 Time She Wakes Up With Her! Easy! 10k and we'll be right as rain. And then, like always, my self-indulgence ran away with me and it grew and grew and grew until it turned into this.At 18k, I asked my friend RaneJizzoli if she'd rather read 6 small chapters, or one big 18k fic, and she said one big one. But then 18 turned into 20, turned into 30, turned into 63, and we all decided it would be better to cut this up. Especially because browsers on phones like to bump you back to the top.Anyway!I hope you have fun with this little thing I spent the past 17 days feverishly working on in between shifts!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

mymcushts made a lovely movie poster


 Her parents’ penthouse is deathly quiet.As she closes the door and hits the light switch next to her, she waits for all the lamps to spring to life, her eyes taking in the expensive furniture and the shadows they throw against the walls.Clint is back at Grills’s place, nursing his wounds, and Kate has every intention of meeting him there.Tomorrow, they’re flying back to Clint’s family to spend Christmas together, and Kate is looking forward to getting to know his wife and kids.But for now…For now, she wants to be alone with her mother.Trailing her fingers along the cream-colored wall, she enters the parlor.An abundance of trophies line one of the walls, and Kate spends a full minute trying to connect the mother that would work with Kingpin to the mother that would proudly show up to every single one of her competitions when she was a kid.Hanging her bow over the backrest of her mom’s favorite crimson armchair, she walks over to the piano and picks up one of the frames that sits atop it. It’s a picture of Kate after she placed third for the first time at an archery tournament. Her mom is hugging her, and the trophy is clutched tightly in Kate’s tiny 12-year-old fingers. Her cheeks are red from the exertion and stress, while her mom’s smile is wide and proud.With a sigh, Kate hugs the frame to her chest and sinks down on the piano bench. Closing her eyes against the fresh tears, Kate thinks back through the years. Tries to find indicators of what her mom was doing. But there’s nothing. Her mom never once let on that she was in deep with the New York mob, or that they were in any financial trouble.Taking a deep breath, Kate tries to regain control of herself.But every inhale just brings with it the key notes of her mom’s perfume, and the smell of the penthouse.“I’m sorry,” Kate whispers to the frames as she leans forward and rests her cheek on the closed lid of the piano. “I’m so sorry, mom. I’m sorry.” More tears trickle from her eyes as she allows herself this moment of weakness, wishing desperately her mom were in the room. Would come over and stroke her back. Massage her shoulders. Brush her hair out of her face.Her mother’s words from a couple of days ago come back to her, haunt her. You’re the only thing that matters to me. Are you sure you’re okay? No, Kate thinks, righting herself and gazing down at the flecks of blood and tears on the otherwise polished surface of the piano. No, mom, I’m not okay. I don’t know what I’m supposed to do without you. With shaking fingers, she puts the frame back in its place and gets to her feet.Her bones ache from being thrown around by Kingpin, not to mention being that close to the explosion that knocked him out. She’s still in her new uniform, and even though the cuts on her face have been dressed, she’s pretty sure there are some that remain woefully uncared for underneath her thick layers of purple leather.At least the new suit mostly survived.With slow and steady steps, she leaves the parlor, though not without grabbing her bow and a bottle of her mom’s more expensive bourbon from one of the many ornately decorated armoires that line the walls. If Kate’s right, her mom won’t be needing it anytime soon.Although, granted, even if her mom gets twenty years in prison, the alcohol will probably be the one thing that will still be around by the time she gets out.Kate’s mood takes a turn for the worse.Just the thought of her mom being behind bars for that long…With a scowl, she uncorks the bottle and tips it back into her mouth, spilli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Side Characters Appear But I Will Not Tag Them Because I Have Manners
Medium Burn
Kate Bishop is a Simp
5 Times
Lesbian Kate Bishop
Pining
Longing
Yelena Belova Needs a Hug
Protective Yelena Belova
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon Compliant
Post-Canon
Protective Kate Bishop
SOFT GAYS
Kate-Centric
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

