Work Text:
Loki sits at his desk and reads. The text is familiar to him and does not therefore require his full attention, which is fortunate, for Thor's presence in his study is both unwelcome and disruptive. Loki could make him leave, but it's rare these days for Thor to seek his company, and rarer still for him to remain anywhere near books when he could have a sword or a spear or a hammer in his hands. Thor, following in the footsteps of many a thickheaded warrior, has never accepted that knowledge, when well applied, is a weapon like any other.In the light of this, there is a certain amount of curiosity to be found in the fact that Thor is roaming Loki's chambers like some restless wild beast, taking up too much space and making too much noise. There's always been a still quality to the air in Loki's rooms; Loki is used to slipping in and out without disturbing it. Thor, in contrast, pays it no heed, his pacing forcing the air to shift, to come alive. He puts his hands on Loki's things, picking them up and putting them down in a haphazard pattern of disinterest. He is, as always, impossible to ignore.Loki's interest is piqued enough to wait and see whether Thor will speak or leave, but he doesn't feel like making Thor's life easier by prompting him. His own pettiness keeps him company as he continues to read, or pretends to.At long last, Thor lets out an aggravated sigh, as if fed up with either his own indecisiveness or Loki's apparent disinterest in him."Is it true what they say?" Thor demands, and Loki looks up from his book, arching an eyebrow."Well," he says, "it depends. What do they say?"Thor's expression borders on belligerent, but there's a dull blush high up on his cheeks, a sign that their conversation is about to take an unexpected turn."That you allow men to -- that you allow them to take you as though you were a woman."Ah. Loki leans back in his chair, careful to keep his expression bland. He would be surprised it has taken this long for the rumors to reach Thor's ears, except he knows how his brother operates, knows how little he pays attention to anything that doesn't directly pertain to him, his friends, or their adventures.No, it is not surprising in the least that it has taken years upon years for this confrontation to happen."I fail to see how it is any of your concern.""It is if I say it is," Thor decrees, blind to the faults in his logic, "and for once, I would have the truth from you."For once, he says, as though Loki has made a habit out of lying to him. For Thor to come into these rooms and demand the truth as if it's something he's entitled to, a toy Loki has kept from him --"The truth." Loki doesn't make an effort to hide the contemptuous curl of his lip. "You may demand it, but you are ill-prepared to hear it.""It is --" Thor falters, and Loki can see his throat working as he swallows. "It is as they say, then."It isn't unheard of for boys or for men to give each other a helping hand; brief encounters born out of curiosity or stress, easily overlooked. This, however, goes far beyond it. It's unspeakable, for a man to submit to another as only a woman should.The first boy Loki allowed into his bed, when he was too young to fully understand the consequences, had dark eyes and a confident smile. Leifr, he was called, the first son of Ulfr, a warrior well-respected in Odin's halls. A scant few years older than Loki at the time, he was cautious at first, growing bolder with every gesture Loki did not reject, every touch Loki did not object to, and kept taking until there was nothing more to give.It ended with Loki on his back, with Leifr between his spread legs. They did it twice more -- less awkward, less painful for Loki -- before Loki found out that Leifr had no interest in keeping their affair a secret. Why would he? The only true shame in what they'd done was upon Loki, and to have bedded the cold, pale prince of Asgard -- what man would keep such a conquest to himself?What man indeed."Why it should matter to you whom I take to my bed, I do not know," Loki reiterates, touching the pages of the open book in front of him, the familiar texture of paper a small comfort. "Do you want to know what it is like to bed a man -- is that it? Do you wonder what it would be like to have me on my hands and knees like one of your wenches?"Thor wouldn't be the only one, but it's a crude thing to say, regardless. The fact that they are brothers only makes it worse -- not even talk of such things should exist between them. But Loki feels brittle and spiteful, willing Thor to storm out and avoid him for a fortnight, six months, however long it takes for him to need Loki's assistance enough to seek him out. It is not in Thor's nature to bear grudges for long, but in the past few years Loki has gotten entirely too good at getting under his skin. This latest revelation, the shame it brings upon the House of Odin, should only serve to drive them further apart.Instead of the fully expected anger and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki

freeform: 
Pre-Movie
Homophobic/Sexist Society
Loki Has Issues

fandom: 
Thor/Loki

