Work Text:
Erik hated the following: British weather, British food, and mysterious British MI5 or whatever-the-fuck agents who greeted him with a bland smile while leaning on a closed umbrella.“Major Lehnsherr,” the agent known as M said.  NATO’s official dossier on M was frustratingly brief, the kind of brief that made Erik’s teeth grind.  “I trust your journey to London was pleasant?”“It would have been better if France weren’t in the way,” Erik said shortly.M gave a genial laugh that was all the more disturbing for how genuinely sympathetic it seemed.  “I can’t count how often I’ve thought the same.”Somehow, Erik didn’t think he was talking about the Eurostar.  “Why am I here?” he asked, changing tack in the dim hope that a direct question might get him somewhere, even though he’d wager M’s formidable reputation was well deserved.M’s smile stayed just as warm as his eyes stayed cold.  “You have your orders, do you not?  You’re here to assist in an investigation and protect a valuable British asset.”Erik bristled.  “He’s not a thing, he’s a mutant, he’s--”“Irreplaceable,” M said, all faux pleasantry sliding off his face at once.  “I’ll have your word, right now, Major Lehnsherr -- you’ll let no harm come to him.”“It’s my duty to protect him.  I’ll carry out my orders,” Erik said flatly, feeling his temper boil underneath his skin at the insinuation that he might do otherwise.“Just the same,” M said.Erik took in a breath, and then exhaled slowly as he mentally reached out for all the metal in the room, cataloguing the ring on M’s finger and the watch on his wrist, not to mention a variety of small, high-tech devices hidden elsewhere on his person that Erik just bet NATO wished they could get their hands on.  “On my father’s grave, I swear.”M stared at him for a long moment, and nodded once.  “Then come with me.  I’ll introduce you.”***NATO intelligence didn’t even have a proper name for him.  When he was referenced at all, they called him the telepath who sleeps under Westminster.  Erik hadn’t worked out if that was literal, or if it was just a nod to the breadth of influence wielded by the world’s only known omega-class telepath.Erik had undergone counter-telepathy training courtesy of Emma Frost, who worked for the Americans when it suited her and lent her talent elsewhere when it didn’t.  Before he’d left Heidelberg, he’d called her and she’d deigned to pick up.“The Westminster telepath.  Have you heard anything about him?” he asked, wishing he could open his office window and sneak a cigarette.The line was quiet for a moment, and she said, “Officially or unofficially, sugar?”Erik rolled his eyes.  “Officially, we know horseshit about him.”He heard the clink of a lighter and then an inhale, followed by a slow exhale, and was bitterly jealous.  “I felt him once.  In Geneva,” Frost said softly.“What was he doing there?” Erik said.  “I thought he never left London.”“He doesn’t,” she said.“Are you telling me--” Erik stopped and took that in.  That kind of reach was as terrifying as it was astonishing.  “Anything else?”He heard her take another drag.  “He’s nice.”“Nice,” Erik said sceptically.“He just -- brushed by, said hello, and moved on.  Nothing remotely aggressive.”“And if he had been?”Silence on the other end of the line, and then Emma said, “I’d have been screwed.  Take care, Major.”***It turned out the part about Westminster was right after all, as long as one was referring to the city and not the palace.  The palace was where they went underground, but even had Erik not known in the marrow of his bones where magnetic north was at all times and extrapolated accordingly, he would have known they had walked too damn far still to be under the houses of Parliament.The tunnels were old, but the locks on the doors were not -- they required M’s identification card at several points.  Army personnel were stationed periodically, as well, and Erik couldn’t help but approve of the security measures.  They were vulnerable if a teleporter got in, of course, but since one could say the same of everywhere else on the planet, Erik didn’t mentally deduct any points on that score.Finally, M halted outside a door.  “Major Lehnsherr,” he said.“Yes?” Erik was glad he had bit back the ‘sir’ that kept threatening to escape his mouth.“Your reputation precedes you,” M said, umbrella tapping once against the cement floor.  “But where this gentleman is concerned, I would greatly appreciate some restraint on your part.”“I’m not sure I know what you mean,” Erik said, which was a bald-faced lie.M looked unimpressed.  “Be kind,” he said, and it wasn’t a suggestion.The door opened to M’s card and and an alphanumeric code on the keypad, revealing two more soldiers guarding an open doorway.  And that led to a larger room, still obviously a bunker in origin, but it seemed marginally more welcoming with polished floors and furniture that looked like a person might actually enjoy sitting on it.There was someone sitting in an armchair wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - With Powers
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

