Chapter 1: (Possibly) The Weirdest Interview Ever
    


Notes:
NOW WITH GORGEOUS ART FROM THE INCREDIBLY TALENTED mxaether!  Scroll down <3




Chapter Text
Stark Tower.Bucky was standing, curious and well… a bit overwhelmed in front of the Stark Tower… or was it the Avengers Tower now?  Either way, some very specific life choices had led him here, apparently - namely becoming a Nanny when he came out of special ops instead of going into something like security or construction or whatever else, and accepting an invite for an interview with someone who wanted secrecy… and someone who lived here.And if Bucky wasn’t very much mistaken, Pepper Potts had just a few months prior given birth to Tony Stark’s child and he might be adding two things together and coming to completely the wrong conclusion, but even he had to admit that seemed pretty unlikely.  Since he’d graduated from Woodcreek College, America’s premier college for professional nannying, he’d had a steady stream of jobs and he’d had some seriously high profile clients, but it was nothing on this - especially if he actually was being interviewed to be Tony Stark’s new Nanny.  He’d not even really been planning on taking another job honestly, but when the email had come from the college with the outline brief for what the new client was looking for, Bucky had been drawn right in - not least by the frankly obscene paycheck that was being offered.His actual plan had been to take some time, travel Europe, enjoy his hard-earned cash a little bit - but hey, sometimes an opportunity had to be looked into.And this was an opportunity - not every job came with pay like that and a benefits package like the one being offered.  It apparently included healthcare and medical cover, use of vehicles, provision of a cell phone, gym access, legal cover, travel fees, bonuses…Really, Tony Stark was probably one of the very few people who could afford to offer all of that, even on top of New York rates, as well as the fact that Stark’s daughter was the right age for the kid mentioned in the brief… or at least one of the kids.That was the thing that made him doubt whether it was, actually - the advert had specified that they were looking for a Nanny for two children and although all the other signs pointed to Stark, Bucky can’t think of anybody else based in this tower who’d have a kid that would fit the brief details.  It was another reason he’d agreed to the interview - he wanted to know what the hell was going on, even if he could never talk about it afterwards.  He’d already been warned he’d have to sign a wide variety of NDA’s beyond the standard ones that were part of every employer-nanny contract that Woodcreek College bartered.  And in fact he'd had to sign a substantial few before they'd even set up this in person interview.Perhaps it was nothing more than a typo in the job brief?  It's possible, he supposes, but given he’s never going to find out standing around out here, he figures pretty quickly he should just get inside and find out for real.  Taking a deep breath and pushing down pre-interview and pre-going-into-the-most-famous-tower-in-New-York nerves, Bucky nods to himself.  There’s only one way to find out any of the answers to his questions, and that’s to get in there and do what he came to do.  He steps up to the main doors and they sweep open, the warmth of the foyer apparent immediately as he walks in, so he slips off his coat as he goes, revealing the tan and tweed beneath. He has no idea where he’s supposed to go but the main reception desk in the centre seems like a pretty safe bet to start.The highly put together blond-haired girl sitting behind it gives him an immediate smile.  “Good morning and welcome to Stark Industries, how can I help you today?”  Even she seems as futuristic and swish as the rest of the building and for a second Bucky wonders if he’s made a mistake – if he isn’t the right cut for this – but he’s here now and he might as well go through with it.  He has already passed the ridiculous levels of pre-screening they did after all. Regardless of whether or not he’s looking for a job he is very, very curious by this point. And curiosity didn't just get the cat, it got the James Buchanan Barnes apparently. “Hi, my name’s James Barnes, I have an interview today?” he replies, hating that his voice raises with nerves at the end and makes the sentence sound like a question.  “One moment,” she says, tapping at the computer in front of her; which like everything else he can see has the Stark Industries logo emblazoned across it. A distinctive, if not subtle, design choice. “Ah, yes.  If I can see some ID, I can get your security pass.”He nods, digging out his wallet, handing across both his driver’s license and his Woodcreek ID which she checks visually before scanning them under another device. Apparently the rule of things here is that if there could possibly be a high tech version of any sort of device they have it and nothing less will d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
stucky au
Stucky - Freeform
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Nanny Bucky Barnes
Canon Divergent
Shrunkyclunks
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers
mentions of mpreg
Literally one chapter where it's a serious thing
single dad Steve Rogers
Fake parent Bucky Barnes
Dodgy science
Heat Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Slow Burn
Glacial Burn
Forbidden Love
Domestic Avengers
Natasha Romanov Knows All
Sex
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Getting Together
happy endings
Kid Fic
Past mentioned Steggy
One and done Steggy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

