Work Text:
Tony is a delight.When he's like this, he's something else. He's something perfect. Something fresh, and sweet, and warm. When he presses his cheek into Steve's palm, eyes glazed and pupils blown with the drop, he's like a special present, something for Steve's eyes only, a side of him that only he will ever see."Tony," Steve hums "check in. Blink twice for green, three times for red."Two steady, sure blinks. Steve smiles. "Good boy." He says, wiping an errant string of drool from Tony's chin. "Such a good boy."Tony goes heavy against his hand, relaxes entirely against him, the words pushing him under just that little bit more. Steve teases his hands through hair, damp with sweat. He smoothes his thumb over Tony's cheek, distorted by the gag that spreads his lips. "You look like a piece," he says "you know that? Like a perfect little sub. Bred for pleasure."Tony groans at the words, eyes closing and knees shifting on the carpet. The setting sun turns his skin dusky; his cheekbones have a high point of red, flushed. Steve leans forward on the couch, bends so he can run his hand between Tony's thighs, test the tightness of the spreader bar holding them open."Perfect." He murmurs, and Tony makes a soft noise, a sigh. "You like that?" Steve grins, smoothing his hands over Tony's ribs, bringing his deft fingers up to play with his nipples. "You like it when I touch you?"Tony nods, eager. He's so soft like this, so content, no crisis in his head, nothing keeping him on his toes. When Steve draws his thumb over his plump, wet lips, he gazes up at him adoringly, allowing him to slip in two fingers for sucking. Tony lathers them with his tongue, mindless to the mess he's making. He would hate to be like this at any other time, wet with drool and flushed with sweat, but now, all he has on his mind is Steve."Suck." Steve says says, quietly. "Good boy. Get them wet."Tony falls on his task with vigour. He bobs his head, taking Steve's fingers as best he can without the flexibility of his lips to ease the way. He looks up, as if to check that Steve approves, and Steve smiles, nodding. Tony can be that way, sometimes, slightly needier than any other sub he's ever had, but it's not so bad. As long as he knows he's doing well, he's so much more eager to please.Steve stills his head, drawing his fingers through his hair. He holds his fingers in place, smiling down at Tony while the other man is happy to just sit there with Steve's fingers in his mouth. He draws them out with a turgid 'pop' and wipes them clean on Tony's cheek, revelling in the way Tony blushes just slightly.He unzips his fly. "C'mon," he says softly, holding himself at the base, massaging slightly. "You're gonna do so well, aren't you Tony?"Tony nods, eyes fixed on Steve length. His tongue flicks out of the gag although Steve's doesn't know if he's aware he's doing it. "Soft and slow, okay? No rush." Steve slides both hands through Tony's hair, guides him carefully to his cock. He lines up the hole in the gag with the head, gently lowering Tony down until Steve is sheathed in the warmth. He moans, and fights the urge to thrust. "That's," he breathes "that's good. How's the air? You comfy?"Tony taps out two fingers on Steve's thigh, bracing his hands on Steve's knees. "Good boy," Steve says, slightly breathless "that's great. You, you just get to work and I'll -- " Steve loses words for a moments at Tony sucks at his head "I'll just sit here."Tony's tongue works around Steve's length and Steve allows it, lying back and sighing, letting Tony work his cock. They stay that way for a few minutes, not really moving, Steve just enjoying the feel and Tony trying his hardest to please. Slowly, Steve curls his hand in the back of Tony's hair. He pulls back his head, tugs him off his cock, face flushed and dribble making it's way past his swollen lips down his chin. A string of pre-cum slips and joins the mess making it's way down his neck, and Steve thumbs at his lower lip, feels the wetness. "I want to fuck your mouth." He says, mildly.Tony moans, shifting on his knees. He brings one hand down to play with his cock and Steve tugs at his hair, lifting back his head harshly, a reminder. "No." He warns, and then he guides Tony's mouth back down to his length. "Stay still." He orders, and Tony calms, allowing Steve to steer him. He plunges into Tony's mouth, hot and warm and perfect. Steve grunts, one hand steady on Tony's head, the other gripping the edge of the couch cushions. "I wish I'd thought of this sooner," he says, breathless "wish I could have done this while I was working. What do you think? Could have had you under the desk, sucking me off."Tony whines in the back of this throat and the vibrations travel down the head of Steve's cock. He shivers. "Yeah," he breathes "that would have been perfect. You on your knees, licking my balls. Maybe I would have taken a few calls like that. Maybe I would have seen some guests. No one would be able to see you, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Deepthroating
Blow Jobs
Fluff
Hand Feeding
Angst
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Tony Stark
Spreader Bars
Sub-Drop

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

