Work Text:
Steve pushed against the crowd. He’d thought the cold wind and the darkness would keep the New York streets relatively empty, but nope – it was just as busy as it would have been on any other day. Trust his luck. By the time he reached Natasha’s apartment, he was pretty sure he’d been elbowed four times, stood on three and shoved at least half a dozen. He was gonna have bruises on his bruises, he thought numbly as he climbed up the stairs. The elevator was bust, and even if it wasn’t, he surely wouldn’t get inside. The last time the stupid thing had broken down, Steve had been inside. For 5 hours. Never again – he’d rather struggle up the three flights than go through that again.He was out of breath when he knocked on her door, and only had a wait a few moments before the door swung open. Natasha was beautiful, one of those people who you didn’t think existed outside of movies, creamy skin and big eyes, dark copper hair and a body that belonged on the cover of a magazine. When he’d first met her he was pretty sure that she’d been pulling his leg about her job – people who looked like her weren’t security workers – but when he told her that and she threatened to break his legs to prove her point… well… he’d been smitten.He’d entertained a little love story in his head for a few months – she’d see he was a good guy, fall for him, they’d live happily ever after – but that didn’t happen. Rather, he got a best friend he wasn’t expecting and that was better than anything he could have thought up in his imagination. Because when it came to being a best friend, Natasha was the best.She’d met Clint about three years ago, and Steve wasn’t sure if she was serious at first, because Clint was everything she seemed not to like – he was lazy and ignored what people said sometimes, called everyone ‘Dude’ and even when he was dressed up nice, he still managed to look rumpled. Steve obviously thought his best friend deserved better – but through the years, he realised that Clint worshiped Natasha. His laziness was simply a wish to relax after a long day at work, his overuse of ‘dude’ was because he regarded it as a non-gendered greeting (girls can be Dudes, bro) and his habit of ignoring people was because he actually couldn’t hear them. “Been deaf for years, man.” He’d explained one day, after he’d had to fiddle with his hearing aid. “I can lip-read okay, but it’s hard to catch everything – only works about 30% of the time.”As for looking rumpled, well, that was just Clint. The man could put on a shirt starched within an inch of its life and within about three minutes look like he’d rolled out of bed.“You took your time.” Natasha greeted him as he stepped inside. Her voice was raspy, like she smoked 30 a day, even though he knew she’d never touched a packed of smokes in her life.“People.” He shrugged, pulling off his jacket and kicking off his shoes. Natasha was actually a couple of inches taller than him, but he was used to being the shortest person in the room.“Well, James is here. I don’t think you’ve met him.” She said, ushering him through. “He’s a friend of Clint’s. Pretty weird.”“Thanks for the heads up.”“Sam too, and Tony, Pepper, Bruce and Jane.” She paused. “Jane brought a girl called Darcy. She’s nice, Sam’s currently trying to climb into her underwear one bad pun at a time.”“Full house, huh?” He said, wincing as he reached up to hang his coat on the hook by the door. Yup, a few of those stray elbows had knocked him harder than he would have liked.She rolled her eyes at him, but let him struggle on. She used to try to help him do things like that, but after a few heated arguments that had Steve insisting that he didn’t need babying, that he was a grown man. “As full as I want with Kate around.” She told him. “Tony looks like he’s holding a live bomb, and I don’t know why, but Pepper looks like she’s got a lot of experience with babies.”“Right.” Steve nodded, aware that Natasha wasn’t quite letting him through to the living room. He raised an eyebrow.“Look,” She said, glancing over her shoulder. “James is really fucking weird, okay? Clint’s apparently known him forever, although I’m pretty sure that can’t be right, cause he looks about 20.” She gave him alook. She had a lot of looks, and Steve couldn’t quite decipher that one. “Can you just keep him occupied? Kate hates him.” Lucky, Clint’s dog, was in the kitchen when Steve went through to get himself a drink before he’d have to deal with the people through in the living room. Steve loved Lucky, and Lucky loved Steve. The issue, of course, was that despite their mutual adoration of one another, Steve was also pretty allergic to the overgrown mutt.“Hey boy!” He said, grinning when Lucky bounced on his paws, knowing better than to jump up at Steve. He’d done it once, and knocked Steve halfway over the room. “I think I’ve got something here for you.” He added, patting down his slacks pockets. Sure enough, he had a couple of biscuits in there, popped in jus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Alternate Universe - Vampire
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Skinny Steve
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

