Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Kate watches the snowfall, beautiful white flakes disappearing once they hit the pavement. The hum over the city rejuvenates again after the holiday break; couples and families strolling through the park – they look happy together. Kate sighs and runs her hand over Lucky’s fur as they stop at a crosswalk, waiting to join the rush across to her flat. Christmas at the Barton’s was lovely until she packed up to leave last night; all the awful things her mother has done and her lack of anybody in the city who actually knows her. She contemplates going back to college and trying to be normal but she’s not sure she can do that after getting tossed around like a ragdoll by a freak and then expecting everything to be fine now that her mom’s in jail after revealing to have been working for the said freak.A scream pulls her out of her head, and she turns quickly - trying to identify the source. Her breathing picks up and she clenches her hands, stepping towards the screams. Her heart hammers in her chest as she feels around her pocket for her Swiss army knife, she picked up from Clint’s barn. Her fingers close over the shaft, ready to take down the threat. She sees a little girl running from her dad playfully; being picked up and swung around his shoulders before hugging her tightly to his chest and Kate’s chest constricts, breath coming out in choppy puffs as she tries to collect herself. It’s okay, you’re okay. She repeats over and over until Lucky’s warm tongue licks at her clenched fist. Kate kneels down to rub her hand behind his ears, “Thanks, buddy. Let’s go home.”Home is a disaster. Wet and mouldy; even the air smells cold. Kate sighs and leans against the door, letting Lucky’s leash go. Kate presses her fingers into her forehead, trying to push away the stress and fatigue consuming her. She contemplates leaving but there’s nowhere for her to go. Her mom’s tower is completely out of the question – she is repulsed by her mom and the life of lies she has weaved Kate into. The more she thinks about it, the angrier she becomes; she pushes to her feet and starts cleaning. She manages to dry her surfaces and scrub the ash off her furniture before collapsing on her couch with a pizza and beer. The TV is the only light in the room and Kate wonders if it would be easier to sit in the dark and just accept it. Her phone chimes with a message from Clint: Glad to hear you’ve made it home. Take it easy, you’ve been through a lot. We’re here for you, Kate.Kate frowns at the message, wondering how Clint knows she’s made it home. She’s about to text a vague reply when the sound of a click followed by zipping breaches her thoughts. She watches a silhouette pause outside her window before sliding it open, blonde hair shines and Kate hears her unmistakable deep voice bitch about Kate’s lack of security. She turns to face Kate, stopping just short of descending the stairs, “Hi, Kate Bishop. Nice to see your apartment is still very easy to access.” Kate crosses her arms and stares up at the ceiling, she isn’t in the mood for Yelena’s snide comments.“What do you want, Yelena?” Yelena feigns a shocked expression and presses her hand to her chest, “No need to be so defensive, Kate Bishop. I am merely dropping by for that drink. You invited me.”Kate’s eyebrows furrow as she watches Yelena descend the stairs to stand in front of her. Yelena’s hands are shoved in a yellow trench coat, tilting her head to stare at Kate – eyes flicking over her body quickly. Kate’s hand rubs at her eyes, “It was a suggestion. I’m not really in the mood, Yelena.”Yelena’s eyebrows lift and she steps closer to Kate, hand lifting out of her pocket to push her bangs out of her face. “What happened to you?” There’s something etched over Yelena’s face and Kate wants to call it concern but she doesn’t have enough energy to dissect it. Kate sighs and sinks onto the couch, messaging her fingers over her temple.“You want the short version? Beat up a bunch of Track Suit Mafia Bros; destroyed the big tree; confronted my mom; got the shit kicked out of me by kingpin; my mom ran him over; got the shit kicked out of me again before setting off a chain reaction and blowing that freak sky high only to send my mom to prison and come back to a trashed apartment.” Kate spreads her hands out to gesture to her apartment and grabs a beer before cracking it open and taking a gulp. She hears Yelena moving around her apartment but she’s not sure she can bring herself to care as she tosses her head back on the couch, closing her eyes.She hears the coffee table creek in front of her and she knows Yelena’s there but doesn’t understand why. “Look, Yelena – I have nothing to offer you tonight. I’m so fucking tired and I just….” She trails off, unsure of what to say next.Her eyes snap open when Yelena’s fingers cover hers momentarily, prying the beer out of her hand to sit on the table next to her. Kate sighs and tries to contain her disbelief, “Why are you her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova & Kate Bishop
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Friends With Benefits
Smut
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Yelena Belova & Kate Bishop
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

