Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Peg, Maria's out of town. I need you to come over. Now."Sitting forward in her desk chair. Peggy pressed two fingers to her temple, wondering what she'd done in a past life to deserve this. She glanced at her watch, wishing for the thousandth time since they'd started this little venture that Howard didn't have access to her private line. "Howard, I'm going to ask you a question, and I'm going to wish that I hadn't, but do try to answer honestly. It's not even noon yet. Bearing that in mind, how much have you had to drink today?"He'd mostly stopped propositioning her a few years back. It wasn't even a holiday and, as far she knew, they hadn't saved the country recently, at least no more than usual. She couldn't think what would make him happy or inebriated enough to backslide."It isn't like that," he said, irritation clear in his voice.Peggy narrowed her eyes. Whenever he took that particular tone, it meant that her day was about to get infinitely worse. "Then I suggest you tell me what it is like, Howard, because I'm waiting for a progress report on the operation in Argentina, and I'm expecting a call from the Vice President in—""Tony. It's Tony."Peggy had her secretary reschedule that call.She broke a few dozen traffic laws on her way to Howard's current mansion of choice, striding in without knocking. Her heels echoed loudly in the entryway. She was halfway up the ridiculously grand staircase when Howard met her, pausing on the landing."Peg—""It would be better if you didn't speak."Howard listened. A strong indicator of how serious the situation was. She passed him on the stairs, navigating through the maze of hallways by memory, with him trailing behind like a shamed puppy. Peggy didn't need to see him to know that look he was wearing. She'd seen it too often over the last decade or so.Tony's room was as she remembered, taken up by cables and circuit boards and half-finished projects. Howard's lab in miniature, except for the toy box and children's posters, and bookshelves that were divided almost equally between what one would expect a four-year-old to read, and thick tomes on advanced robotics.Tony was in the middle of all this, propped up with a mass of pillows in a bed that was too big for him. Eyes closed, he lay in a tangle of blankets, a cast adorning his right arm. Peggy shot Howard a look before crossing to the boy, perching lightly on his mattress. Howard stayed in the doorframe, head low.Running gentle fingers through his mop of dark hair, Peggy frowned as Tony Stark blinked himself awake. His eyes, always so sharp and mischievous, were clouded now, far away. It was whatever they'd given him for the pain, she knew that. And it reminded her of Howard when he was drunk, that dull, glazed expression. She made her lips turn up in a smile while her stomach twisted in anger and worry."Aunt Peggy?"Tony's voice was small and rough, and if Howard were closer, Peggy would've smashed one of those hardcover robotics books over his head. "Hello, darling," she said instead, still combing through his hair."Dad didn't say you were visiting.""I wasn't. But I heard you'd gotten yourself in a bit of a mess, Anthony." She said this teasingly, and Tony laughed. For reasons unknown, it'd always amused him when Peggy used his full name. He cringed if anyone else did so. Especially Howard."I fell," he explained, grinning as though it was something to be proud of."I noticed," said Peggy, abandoning his hair to tap red nails over his cast. "Well, if you wanted me over for a visit, there are better ways of achieving that goal.""That's not why I did it," Tony argued, extending his lower lip for half a second before the grin returned. "I'm glad you're here, though.""So am I. May I ask what you were doing?""Putting up a satellite. In the tree. The big one in back, but I fell. I broke my arm.""So you did," Peggy agreed, not commenting on the ridiculousness of her godson erecting a homemade satellite in his backyard. Because for Tony, the idea made perfect sense."It would've worked. I know it would've. Well, I'm pretty sure.""I'm certain it would've, Tony." Unlike Howard, Peggy paid enough attention to notice how brilliant the boy was. "Perhaps you should see about finding a way to cheat gravity, then you won't have to worry about falling.""I'm working on it."He wasn't joking. Peggy's smile went up to her eyes as she kissed his forehead. "Good boy," she murmured, standing up.Tony fumbled in the blankets, grabbing at her arm. Awkward, since his dominant hand was in a cast. "You're leaving? You just got here."It was somewhere between a whine and a plea, and Peggy kissed his head again, easing his fingers away and squeezing them lightly. "Not leaving. I'll be right back. In the meantime, you rest." She waited for Tony's nod before turning away, keeping her voice neutral as she spoke. "Howard. A word?"She crossed back to him without waiting for a reply, watching from the hallway as he offered Tony a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Peggy Carter & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
Kid Tony
Fluff
Babysitting
BAMF Aunt Peggy
Cool Aunt Angie
Howard's stellar parenting
Domestic Fluff
mentions of past Steve/Peggy
Just gals being pals
Femslash

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Peggy Carter & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Angie Martinelli

