Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Jona tossed and turned on his bed tangling in his blankets. He was deep asleep and reliving watching his entire family be murdered. He woke, gasping for air. 
"It's okay." a calm soothing female voice said. 
He turned his head to see his aunt/foster mother standing in the doorway. 
"It's okay, Jona." she said again gently. "Do you want or need anything?" 
Jona forced himself to sit up. He stared at her. He almost flinched as her inner thoughts hit him. He knew that she was trying her best to comfort him to take care of him. But he also knew that she hated him.

'I wish this kid would just let shut up and let us get a good night's sleep. We haven't had one since he got here.'

Jona clenched his teeth but shook his head at the woman. She smiled and turned to leave.
"If you need anything we're right down the hall." she said. 

'Little asshole, better not need anything for several hours. I need sleep!'

He nodded and she left shutting the door behind her. 
Jona sighed and got up he needed to do something to keep himself awake. He had to stay awake because if he didn't then he was going to annoy everyone in the house again with his nightmares. He hadn't wanted to come here but they were the only family he had left. He sighed as he got dressed. Suddenly, a blue screen appeared in front of him.

You've been chosen by the cosmic energies of the Universe to weild an ancient and immnese power. These screens will help you manage and control your new powers. You were born with special abilities that made the Cosmics take notice. You have been chosen to be Earth's Gamer. 


Have you played an RPG?

Jona pressed yes. He had after all.

These screens are the same as in a game. You have your Inventory where you can store your items and money. Press the $ button to change the currency when traveling to new countries. You can also use the $ to link this function to purse or wallet. 


You have an Equip Screen as well. Equip your clothes, armors, Weapons, and Accessories. 


You have your Skill page. Here you can see what skills and powers you've learned. You can see the levels your skills and powers are at. You can also get information on your skills and powers by pressing on the picture that represents each skill or power. 


There is the all powerful Options page that brings up an Options Menu.


and finally the Status Screen. A screen that brings up a window that shows his status (name, class, Health Points (HP), Mana Points (MP), level, attributes, title, money and attribute points).


Attributes that can be increased via points gained from leveling:


Strength (STR) (Increases physical strength, muscle power)


Vitality (VIT) (Increases HP or health regeneration)


Dexterity (DEX) (Speed)


Intelligence (INT) (Increases MP)


Wisdom (WIS) (Increase mana resistance)


Magic Resistance increases by 1% every 10 WIS points.


Mana Regeneration increases by 1% every 10 WIS points.


Luck (LUK)


Attributes that can not be directly increased via points gained from leveling:


Physical resistance


Mana (MP)


Mana Regeneration (MR)


Magic Resistance


Health (HP). 


This all you need to know about these screen however there is more you need to know. You need to know what you can and can not do with this power. 


What you can do:


Certain actions in your daily life become Skills.


Objects are treated as items.


Your body works like that of a game character. You're unable to receive wounds. However, you do lose HP.


After sleeping in a bed your HP and MP are restored and abnormal status effects are removed.


Certain technique books are treated as skill books.


Allies can be added to form a party. This ability can be temporarily extended to others through the use of the party system.


It also can generate range of items from monsters in illusionary barriers even if the monsters don't have physical bodies. These items include crafting and healing (usually potions) items, real money, weapons, skill books and other magical items - this ability is referred to by him and others as mining. This is considered turning an illusion into reality. It also has the effect of making training areas into full battle areas, as well as making a boss mob appear in instant dungeons.


Just by looking at some person or thing, the Cosmics will automatically inform you of names and levels.


EXP points can be gained by defeating enemies (monsters, ability users, etc.) and completing tasks (studying, exercising, etc.). Each level Up gives 5 points which can be used to raise attributes.


Skills that are relative to each other can be combined into new Skills. Active and passive skills give you boost in attack or in any other thing they do like a separate power. Passive skills don't even need mana to use.


What you can't do:


You can't gain certain skills or techniques until he has reached a certain level in a certain area.


Your can't 'absorb' technique books that describe theories.


You can't combine abilities th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
