Chapter 1: The Man (You were Made to be)
    




Chapter Text
Phil had never been the fidgeting type. He’d been that child who could look his mother square in the eyes and swear up and down that the sky was purple, the grass was blue, and he most certainly hadn’t broken that lamp, it had definitely been the dog— without even a slip of a grin or the nervous shuffle of a sock covered foot against the hardwood floor. He’d been the Private who could stare down his CO and report what had gone wrong without breaking out into a cold sweat, and later he’d been the black ops agent who could lay in wait for hours for his target to act without even a single adrenaline fuelled tremble.His ability to remain calm and collected under stress was one of the reasons he was so good at his job. But for whatever reason, today that didn’t stop him from tapping his pen against the cold wooden top of his desk or the fingers on his hand from drumming a steady rhythm along the arm of his chair. He glanced down at the paperwork in front of him before leaning back again, trying to figure out what exactly this sort of situation called for.Therapy probably. Lots and lots of therapy. But something told him Barton wouldn’t exactly be willing to ‘share his feelings’ and whatever else the SHIELD psychiatrists usually asked of a patient in their care. At this point it might be better to just give him a bow, a few quivers of arrows and set loose in a remote forest to let him work things out for himself. Shooting things could help.Truth be told, Phil had seen this coming from a mile away. The day Fury had sat him down and told him the plan, he’d known that this would somehow blow up in their faces. Plans that involved lying to a person about their lives, who they were and who they’d been had a way of doing that. In their paranoia they might’ve made a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy out of it, but that was life sometimes wasn’t it? Phil sighed as he ran a hand over his tired eyes, trying to figure out what exactly he should put in the Incident Report. He wasn’t even sure how this whole thing had started. Well, he supposed that was a bit of a lie. It was more the fact that he had no idea how he’d been dragged into it and given the responsibility of overseeing the project. How to put it to paper seemed to be a looming problem, but at least he knew where to begin. Yes, he knew exactly how they’d wound up in this shit show. In fact, it had started a little something like this: Believe it or not, not all of the security agencies within the United States had the same ‘back off this is my territory. Mine.’ reaction as the FBI or CIA. Not everything was a glorified pissing contest. Some actually felt the need to promote interagency cooperation and luckily (or unluckily depending on who you were asking) enough, SHEILD was one of them. Therefore, it was not out of the ordinary to find Director Fury visiting the other agencies’ headquarters and talking shop for a few hours once a month in order to open communications and encourage the flow of information. After all, at the end of the day they all worked for the same side, jurisdiction be damned.So it was a decidedly normal day when Fury had been sitting in the newest Secretary of the Impossible Missions Force’s office, talking over a table covered in files, mugs of coffee and a plate of Danishes when things were set in motion.“So, this one was yours?” the Director asked as he flipped through the pages of a file marked Top Secret boldly in red.The Secretary nodded, a worn look slipping onto his face. “Bit of a botch up, really.”“I wouldn’t say that,” Fury disagreed. “It went well enough from what we could tell over at SHIELD. I’m sure MI6 wouldn’t complain either.”Fury opened the file of one Clint Barton and was impressed by what he found: unbelievably high scores in marksmanship, true long-term eidetic memory, top marks in hand to hand and over all fitness, as well as a wide variety of skills that ranged from singing to fencing and every reference read like the officer was restraining themselves from dotting their i’s with hearts out of sheer love and admiration. There wasn’t a single complaint to Barton’s name nor a hint or disciplinary action.“As far as I know, only one woman was ever said to have had a true eidetic memory, and even that was controversial,” he noted as he read on. It was definitely one of the best CV’s he’d ever laid eyes upon and given the number that passed over his desk on a weekly basis, that was saying something. This was the kind of man anyone would kill to have in their arsenal.“Brandt is one of a kind,” the Secretary smiled, eyes glassy as he picked up his coffee. “A very well kept secret.”“Brandt?” he double checked the file to make sure he hadn’t misread it. “Says here his name is Barton”“There’s a note somewhere in there about it. Changed it; my predecessor must have known why. Sentimental reasons, I’m sure. Goes by William Brandt now. Or well, he did,” he corrected himself
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
William Brandt/Ethan Hunt
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Clint Barton is William Brandt
Amnesia

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
William Brandt/Ethan Hunt
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

