Chapter 1: Toothbrush
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

The room was large or at least large compared to any place that has been labeled as 

hers 

before. There were two separate occasions when a room had been called hers, the first was the room that she had in Ohio with her sleeper spy family. That room had been called hers but because neither she nor Yelena had ever slept in a room alone before, the room and twin bed had been shared. 
 
The second was a tiny room, a closet really that had been hers in the red room. Originally the room had been used to punish girls for breaking various rules, but after it became clear that Natalia was the best widow after countless cycles Dreykov had allowed her to stay in the room and call it her own. It was one of the few things she could call hers, but in true Red Room fashion, it became clear that the room was really just another way to punish her. The room had a door, the door could only be opened from the outside, she had no power for who was allowed in and when she was allowed out. 
 
She pushed the memory out of her mind and walked further into the room, the room was painted in cool grey colors with minimal furniture and one decent-sized window. The bed was in the center of the room, that was going to have to change, there was no way she was going to be so exposed on both sides. The woman walked over to the edge of the bed and used her thigh to push against it, it moved ever so slightly but it was enough to signal that the bed wasn't bolted into the ground. 
 
She lowered her body so she could push the bed with her arms, it was heavy which she expected given that it was on an aircraft that could hypothetically move erratically. The sound of heavy metal scraping across the floor made her wince but she had finally gotten it against the far end of the room under the window. 
 
Exhausted from the day, from her life, if she really thought about it, she sat down on the bed before knocking started at her door. Her heart started to race, she had been officially in SHIELD custody for less than 48 hours, maybe they realized the mistake of offering her the job and were coming to tell her she was going to be sent back to Russia. 
 
The handle of the metal door was cool as it rested in her hand, she used it to support herself as she got on her tiptoes to look through the peephole. Clint Barton was standing on the other side, hands in his pockets, waiting patiently. She weighed her options and figured that if they were going to send her back, Barton wouldn’t have been the one to retrieve her. 
 
“I know you're in there Natalia,” he spoke quietly into the door. 
 
“I know that you know I am in here, you are the one who walked me to my room,” she opened the door and looked at the man in front of her. 
 
He wasn’t that much taller than her, but his shoulders were broader and more muscular. In hand-to-hand combat, he had weight on her and a few inches but she was still confident that she would come out on top, literally. 
 
“Why did it sound like you were kicking cats in here?” Clint laughed and glanced over her shoulder into the room. Partly to continue joking, partly because he seemed to actually be concerned that the now ex-Russian assassin had murdered a small animal in her room. 
 
“I had to move the bed,” the tone she took matter-of-factly, she stared at him as if he was the crazy one in this situation. 
 
“Well you could have just come and asked me for help, would have saved both of us from hearing that,” he leaned into the door frame, just a little too close for her liking.  
 
She took a half step back to increase the distance between them. “I do not need help, I am strong enough to move things along.” 
 
“Right,” he looked a little uncomfortable and stood up straighter “well either way I’m starving and have yet to see you eat. Let me show you where the cafeteria is on the level below us.” 
 
She had been offered food several times since arriving on the Helicarrier and had declined every time. Although she had no reason to distrust the agency, she couldn't bring herself to openly eat food that had been prepared out of her sight. Thinking that there was probably packaged food somewhere else on the ship, she nodded and closed the door to 

her

 room.  
 
Clint Barton talked enough to fill the space of her absence in the conversation. He was explaining the way that the vent system worked on the ship as they walked down the last few stairs. It was useful information and Natalia decided that she would double-check the security on the vent in her room when she got back. 
 
“So basically if you wanted to, hypothetically, of course, you could get to anywhere you wanted on a level by vents alone. Hypothetically. Anyway, this is the cafeteria,” he motioned to the large open space. “All of the food from this section is free. It’s pretty good but they are only open during normal eating times. Over there is one of the shops 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Slice of Life
Natasha Romanov Joins SHIELD
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Deaf Clint Barton
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Phil Coulson Has the Patience of a Saint

fandom: 
None
