Chapter 1: create
    




Chapter Text
Miles was no stranger to machinery.  Not after four years of meddling in computer parts alone in his room, tinkering and fumbling with custom keyboards and ultimately giving in, asking Ganke for help with assembling them. For a guy that loves computers, he hates building any and every part of them. As such, he let Ganke geek out over picking between the sound of Cherry MX and Gateron switches while he unstuck the tiniest pieces from his fingers, eagerly snatched up by Ganke the moment they hit the desk in their dorm.   Ganke returned the favor with tasking Miles to use his spidey sense and find whatever lego pieces were needed hidden deep in piles, missing flat pieces that always fell off his bed into the crevice between the mattress and bed frame--always struggled with getting the right angle to stick it to his finger no matter how many times he- okay, maybe Ganke asked more of Miles than Miles of Ganke sometimes. However, Miles was always happy to help, even when he swung back in tattered to fuck and clearly ready to sleep off his last fight. Miles- whenever he didn't feel too bad after fighting, let Ganke ramble on about how to build computers. He gives him a weak smile, silently enjoying the way he drones on and on- always has and always will. He won't admit that he's probably got enough knowledge to do it himself now, that's just cruel to Ganke. But when he's ready to close his eyes, he looks at Ganke with a softness from across the room. He lightly rubs the back of his hand if he's close enough to the bed, and he knows to shut it down. Silently, they'll watch the sunset envelop their shared dorm. The desk turns sunflower yellow, pencils and pens in that purple cup holder have the slightest tinge of magenta, their metal accents purple. Purple were Miles' bruises, bordering violet some nights. Raised and sore to the touch, Miles wouldn't take the suit off out of fear the air would burn them farther. That's why- when he's banged up beyond what's comfortable for them both, he'll wait just a bit longer behind the chimneys on the rooftop- slink in when he hears his friend snoring. Miles takes off his glasses, picks up the legos--sometimes he finishes the sets. He scribbles a message on a sticky note before dozing off.  "Please stop staying up for me."   Ganke washes his suit off around five in a separate basket. Miles picks up the next one off it, folded and ironed, emblem a little less blotchy than last night. 
 "Fat chance :D" 
 The pinks of the sky land on Ganke's cheeks whenever Miles was out cold and didn't move his head to the pillow beforehand. His strong jaw may dig into Ganke's shoulder, but he fiddles with Miles' curls  (Miles allows it when he's awake- not asleep, but Ganke can't help himself), aware of the consequences that'd come if he were to arise. Miles does wake when fingers prod too close to his scalp- he's too tired to care. And when morning comes at eight they set off to class like nothing happened last night. They cover each other's asses when Miles hops to the bathroom for two out of three hours during lectures- Ganke following a few minutes after to livestream the fight on school TVs- purposely cutting it off whenever Miles is losing. This was their routine. Albeit a bit impractical, highly irregular at times, and just a tad concerning to their teachers and neighboring students- they wouldn't have it any other way. Which is why Ganke, no stranger to their newfound routine, algorithms, or technology- confused the hell out of Miles at lunch when he suggested he should make a TikTok account. Miles mumbles through his pulled pork sandwich, "Ganmkhe no". "Why not? You're seventeen now, It'll be fun!" "Not like  that, I mean like a main or spiderman one?" A devious glint appears in his eyes, permeating his lenses as they shine. "Spiderman." 
"No-"
 Miles said that a little too quick, Ganke reasons farther. "Yes! Give me one good reason why you shouldn't." "I have enough cameras on me already, Ganke. I don't wanna record myself in public when other people do it for me. That's just weird." "Okay, that's understandable. But let me say this: think of the money we'd get for fight clips." Miles was short on cash. Not that he'd need to make any right now, his parents assured him he wouldn't need a job right now and the school provided cards- but it would be nice to have some. "...I'm listening." "So here's the plan-" When Ganke took out a little blue notebook, sticky notes flailing wildly and color coordinated pages- Miles knew he was in for a treat. "We start on Tiktok and Youtube first, Youtube for the full fight videos I have- since most of what's online is pretty shaky or is purposely cut. Then we go to TikTok to market  those  clips from the videos, and post memes or funnier clips there." "Wait...what memes of me do you have saved?" "-Speaking of funny, we should branch out Twitter and Instagram afterwards. Insta more for your pictures of skylines, spons
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ganke Lee & Miles Morales
Ganke Lee/Miles Morales

freeform: 
Not Canon Compliant
Idiots in Love
Friends to Lovers
Miles Morales Needs a Hug
Secret Identity
Social Media
Accidental Relationship
Bisexual Miles Morales
Identity Reveal (Almost)
Oblivious Miles Morales
Ganke Lee is Whipped
Gay Panic
Fake/Pretend Relationship

fandom: 
Ganke Lee & Miles Morales
Ganke Lee/Miles Morales

