Work Text:
+I know nothing changes in this world
Every day the muezzin calls
Sun comes up and Baghdad falls
Before the eyes of storytelling girls
- Anais Mitchell, Before the Eyes of Storytelling Girls+“So, Tasha,” the reporter asks, smiling too brightly. “What does it feel like, having everything in life handed to you?”Tasha Stark is twenty-five and an old hand at this. The bitterness on her tongue never registers on her face. All she gives the reporter, the camera, the world, is a slash of red lips.“Why,” she drawls, tracing a bitten down fingernail up her bare thigh, “fabulous, of course.”After the interview, she gets so drunk Pepper needs to peel her off the floor in order to pour her into bed, where she stays for three days, staring at the ceiling. She played the game. She won the battle. The reporter’s expression was one of abject disappointment when he failed to rail her.She should have told the truth, she thinks. Later. She should have said, “How would I know?”Should have said, “Everything I am, I made myself.”+She did. That’s the only thing you really need to know about Tasha Fucking Stark: everything she possesses, she bled for. +She builds her first robot when she’s six, and the only reason it takes that long is that chubby toddler fingers aren’t meant to operate delicate tools. As it is, her nanny tuts over her burnt hands for weeks, wanting to take everything away and force Tasha to play with dolls instead.As if she ever has. But Howard interferes, the only time he ever really does, when anyone tries to impede his daughter’s genius. “Let her do it,” he says, all the time. For the longest time she thinks that means he cares. She builds the robot for him, but he never even looks at it.And still he calls her his biggest creation, thirty years later, and Tasha melts the tape to scrap with her blow torch and throws it into the ocean. Coulson watches her from the terrace as she returns, asks, “What was that?”“He thought he created me,” she spits as she stalks past, voice steady, sunglasses hiding swollen, red eyes.She’s almost by the door when Coulson says, almost too quietly to hear over the wind, “He didn’t.”Tasha hates herself for how much those two words mean to her, coming from the mouth of a monkey in a suit, no less.+Obie has the robot painted fire engine red for her and when Howard doesn’t want it, she names it Robo and programs it to totter after her wherever she goes.+School bores Tasha. Her peers bore her. Her teachers bore her. Her extra classes bore her after three weeks. She’s fifteen when she hits MIT like a hurricane blowing through and everyone looks at her like she’s a little girl, like she’s some kid that accidentally wandered onto campus and she hates it.She hates it so much that she steals one of her professor’s chunky cell phones and turns it into a GPS system in under an hour. She throws it on his desk as she leaves the lecture and never goes back to the class.And she’s fifteen, but everyone looks at her with pity and envy and spite and so she finds bars that don’t ask for ID, finds parties with dim lighting and unlocked upstairs bedrooms, finds boys who never look too closely. They call her a child so she proves to them she’s not, all the while outsmarting them without anyone ever being any wiser.That’s the most frustrating thing. She dances naked in tabloids and reinvents the technological worlds in her spare time and they don’t even notice. All anyone sees is the Stark heir gone crazy. Louder then, she tells herself. Tries again. +Pepper is an accidental find, like opening a cereal box and finding a real crown in it, or expecting a bike for your birthday and getting a Ferrari. She’s waitressing at a restaurant in Malibu only a few months after Tasha finally flees the East Coast because it’s either that, or murder the next person to tell her how much like her father she is.Natasha Stark, that’s what it says on the fucking cards. Natasha. Tasha. Not Howard. Female. Not male. Inferior. Not good enough. Copy.Pepper’s waitressing and Tasha hits on her because she can and as she delivers dessert, Pepper says, cool as a cucumber, “I don’t know how things work in New York, Ms. Stark, but here we call what you are doing sexual harassment and sue people for it.”“Are you threatening me?” Tasha asks, still amused.Pepper’s smile is glacial. “I don’t make threats. I make promises.”Tasha loves all the time, things and people and ideas, loves them like it’s cheap, like it doesn’t hurt. But the only thing she’s ever been in love with before Pepper was a circuit board. She thinks that’s what the warm, fuzzy feeling in her belly is. Being in love. It takes her three weeks and thirteen more visits to the restaurant before Pepper agrees to come work for her.Three months after that, Tasha fucks up royally and has a total breakdown in front of her for the first time. Pepper tucks her in, gives her a bucket and a glass of water and asks, “What am I going to do with you, Tasha?”It’s the first time sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Stark
Natasha Stark/Everyone

freeform: 
Genderswap
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Backstory
There's a lot of cheap symbolism going on
Author sucks at titles
PTSD
Violence
Sex
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Self Destructive Behaviour
Female Tony Stark

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Stark
Natasha Stark/Everyone

