Chapter 1





Chapter Text
   
Желание.

Ржавый.

Семнадцать.
Heavy and echoing like the strokes of a pendulum clock counting down the time that remains, inexorably speeding towards its end, vibrant with power, the Words collided with the reinforced glass panel and, dampened yet not deterred, continued their race towards the man standing still on the other side, unsure and frozen animal before the predator. They bounced off the insides of the seemingly empty space of his braincase, then, as they created an infinite echo, all the thoughts of the man were swept away and replaced with longing – obey – rusted – obey – seventeen – obey.“Those days are over.”“I know. I just wanted to see how the new you would react to the old Words.”
Рассвет.

Печь.

Девять.
“You are thinking that Hydra might have something to do with this. Which is why you came to me.”A shiver ran through the man – no, not a man, a weapon, a soldier – and he found out the tables had turned. He was the one trapped in a box of glass and steel, now, where he awaited his end. The completion of the sequence.He lifted his terrified gaze towards the man on the other side, the black and red shadow circling him like a raptor would with the carcass it means to devour. The black abyss yawning at the center of the man’s sclerae met his eyes, and he curled his lips in a sneer.Not a trace of hesitation. Looking for an ounce of pity would have been an inconclusive effort.
Доброкачественный.

Возвращение на родину.
He was screaming – from within his prison, he thought he was screaming. He thrashed, too, desperate, as the bond between him and the man shrouded with black and red shadows was forged, a collar fixed around his mind rather than his neck.
Not again, not again, not again, not again, not-

Один.
He made a supreme effort to break his restraints. Too late, he thought, and liquid fire spread through his body, contrasting with the icy weight in his stomach.
Грузовой вагон.
The leash clicked in place. His body went lax at once, though remaining alert and…
Солдат?

…ready to comply.
The Soldier met his handler’s gaze. The man tilted his head to the side and his lips curved into a small grin.“Well, well,” Zemo said. “Something is still in there.” Bucky’s eyelids flew open, his body tense and half-lifted from the seat following a start, vibranium arm whirring and ready to attack before even having identified the enemy.“At ease, Soldier. Absence of active threats.”Bucky flinched. His head turned abruptly towards the source of the voice. He was greeted by the sight of his handl- no, Zemo’s relaxed face, on which the stark contrast of two all too sharp eyes shined.Bucky shook his head to chase away the last lingering traces of drowsiness. He felt the dream fade like a cloud after the storm, leaving in its wake evidence of the destruction caused by its passing, in the form of an echo of authoritative words and an icy weight located in his stomach.He looked around, sorting through his thoughts. He hadn’t been locked in a cage since 2016 and hadn’t heard those words since… the day before.He groaned as he remembered the exact reason why he now found himself in the current situation – sitting on Zemo’s private jet, with Sam peacefully snoring on his left, the bastard’s old butler busy doing who knew what in some other part of the jet, and the bastard himself comfortably situated in a leather seat facing towards him.Even though the travel from Berlin to Madripoor require more than a few hours, the Baron did not show any sign of having fallen asleep at any point, and Bucky shuddered as he imagined those dark eyes trained on him while he was unconscious, visually dissecting him, studying him in search of weaknesses, probably, like a raptor, or a big cat.And the bastard was not done staring at him yet.“The fuck you looking at?”, he snarled.Calm down, he told himself, fighting back the impulse to haul up the Baron by his lapels and throw him out of the jet. You’re the one who had him break out of prison. You asked for his help because you know he can be useful.Especially if his suspicion was correct and Hydra was somehow involved. Fight fire with fire, like an intelligent person had said at some point. Probably.“Tell me, James, what were you dreaming about? Whatever it was, it appeared quite intense from the outside. I was not able to understand whether it was a nightmare or… an entirely different type of dream.”Bucky’s eyes widened. In a violent spasm, he dug his fingers in the armrests of his seat, and it was all he could do to avoid tightening them around Zemo’s neck in a repetition of the move he’d pulled just a few hours before.“What’s your fucking problem?”, he felt compelled to ask.He didn’t actually want an answer to that questions. His own problems were more than enough when he felt like self-torturing and overthinking till he gave himself a headache, there was no need to add someone else’s to the list, thank you very much.“It must be hard for you. Just when you be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Helmut Zemo

freeform: 
Hunting Down Hydra Together
Enemies to Allies To Lovers
Slow Burn
Masturbation
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Power Dynamics
Dom/sub
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Torture
Trauma
Gun Violence
Swearing
Bucky/Cussing
Zemo/Real Estate Properties
morally gray characters
Murder
More Murder
please don't try this at home
many Hydra agents have been hurt in the making of this story
Hydra are the new Stormtroopers
seriously what's wrong with their aim

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Helmut Zemo

