Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
    Peter was sitting at the bar, playing with the bowl of nuts he’d snatched from the old guy in the wheelchair without so much as a ‘sorry’. The paraplegic hadn’t seemed to mind, although he’d given Peter a long, searching look that made the hair on the back of his neck stand up. His eyes had reminded him of Mimic’s, even if the old guy had blue eyes instead of red.    [There are too many people here.]    {Can we kill some of them?}    [All of them.]    Peter tossed a nut into the air, catching it between two fingers and crushing it without any apparent effort. “I figure we could maybe take down half of these guys before they killed us,” Peter mused, letting the nut dust crumble through his fingers. The woman sitting closest to him – her hair was white, was that a new trend? – looked at him with disgust before moving away.    “And that’s only because I’m not armed!” he called, smirking to himself when the woman glared at him over her shoulder. And then he sighed, staring at the ridiculous amount of bodies crammed into the lower floors of Stark’s tower.    [Oh look, Wade’s the life of the party.]    “Of course,” Peter replied, glaring at the suited up hero. “It’s his party.”    That’s right. Stark had thrown Wade a party. And invited everyone and their cousin.    Peter didn’t really know anyone. He didn’t exactly care, either. There was a hot guy hanging with a pretty blonde – seriously, he’d brushed past the guy earlier on and it felt like his skin was on fire. There was a blue-skinned man, a guy with horns, a guy with wings, as well as an assortment of other random people that Peter would have preferred never to meet.    There hadn’t been any real reason for the party that Peter knew about. Wade had just announced one morning a week ago that Stark was going to throw a party in his honour, and if there was anyone Peter wanted to invite.    Peter had kicked him out of the bed and ignored him for the rest of the day. It wasn’t like he could threaten Wade with no sex, either, because Wade had sat him down after their emotional reunion and made a list of rules.    The first and most important rule was that they had to talk. A lot. About important things, not just running their mouths. Peter had agreed to that only because he knew Wade would have as much trouble with that as he would. If they were angry about something, they had to talk before they had sex.    Which came to rule number two: No sex if they didn’t talk. About important things. And feelings. Wade had very clearly explained that he expected Peter to tell him things – it could just be how his day had been, or it could be something to do with his past. Peter agreed to that because Wade promised to return the favour.    Rule number three had something to do with killing innocent people, and rule number four was something about secrets and not keeping them. And rule number five was that they should go out on dates as often as possible.    Peter really didn’t mind the last rule.    {Seriously, can we please kill someone?}    “We can’t kill people at a party,” Peter replied, crushing another nut. “It’s poor taste.”    [We never made Osborn a cake.]    {We can kill him!}    Peter hummed. “Working on it,” he said.    “Working on what?” a rough voice asked.    Peter jerked around, grinning widely. “Logan! Fancy seeing your short, hairy ass here!”    {Wolvie!}    [And of course he has a beer.]    “Spider,” Logan greeted him, his eyebrow twitching in annoyance. He probably didn’t appreciate people making fun of his height, but Peter couldn’t really find it in himself to care. “Didn’t think Tony would have invited you.”    Peter fluttered his eyelashes. “Haven’t you heard, Logan? Wade and I are an item. I kill, he saves, we fuck, make a mess of Stark’s expensive sheets – I’m not kidding, we had sex in his bedroom once. Now that was what I call a rush. You should have seen his face when he came in! Stark’s, not Wade’s. Although Wade’s face was hilarious too!”    Logan grunted. “Somehow I’m not surprised.”    {Huh?}    [Say what?]    Peter gaped at him. “You’re not?” he asked, tilting his head questioningly to the side.    Logan took another long swallow from his beer before he answered. “He thinks all he deserves are the broken ones,” Logan rumbled, and Peter wasn’t sure if he should feel insulted or just sit and listen to the mutant. “The ones no one else wants. That’s probably what drew him to you in the first place.” Logan tipped his head back, swallowing down the fourth – or was it fifth? – beer.    Peter nodded, his eyes finding the red and black clad hero dancing energetically around the party-goers, much to their amusement. “We thought it was something like that,” Peter admitted. “He was willing to give us a chance we didn’t deserve.”    [No one dates us.]    {No one even likes us.}    “What about you?”    Peter tore his eyes away from Wade to raise an eye
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Hero!Wade
Merc!Peter
Based on someone else's verse
Flip Side AU
Canon-Typical Violence
Torture
Blood
There's a pretty badly broken ankle
Also some very awesome ass kicking
Oh and a crossbow
Peter goes soul-searching
the swirl attacks again

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

