Work Text:

one
December 2002 (1)
Erik has been many things over the course of his life, but one thing he's never been is a coward. So when it's over, he stays there, alone, and waits for Charles to come to.When Charles opens his eyes, he looks at Erik like he's seeing a stranger. "You get out of my sight," he says, with a finality that cuts deep.Erik knows who's in the right, but still it cuts; and in that moment, the sour regret of losing Charles is the only thing that makes him (almost) wish he hadn't.On his way out, he gives Stryker's body a vicious kick before walking around it.He spends the rest of that day railing inside his head and to Mystique about what a short-sighted fool Charles is, has always been. Unable - no, unwilling - to see that it was always going to be us or them, that Erik's hand was forced.That night, Erik sleeps the sleep of the just; but when he wakes in the morning, he stares at the ceiling and thinks, What have I done?
*September 1962 (2)
Some three months later, Erik opens his eyes to find that he's driving down the highway. Kansas, his mind supplies, which seems likely given the flatness of the landscape....Kansas?"What the fuck, Toto," Erik says. Kansas is by far the most benign out of the dreams he's had recently, so it's more commentary than complaint; though not a very accurate one, since he's just implied that he braids his hair and wears a blue gingham dress.Erik glances over at the passenger seat, already knowing who'll be sitting there, the one constant of his dreams and his life.It's Charles, of course. Charles, incredibly, impossibly young; Charles, gazing down at his legs, poking at them with his index fingers."Did you say something?" Charles says a moment later. "I didn't catch it, if you did."He smiles a hesitant smile - at Erik - and Erik resigns himself to this being one of the cruel dreams after all."...Nothing. I didn't say anything," Erik says."Oh." Charles is quiet for a minute, then says, "Would you mind stopping off at the next gas station? I need to try out my - ah, take a leak.""...You need to try out your take a leak," Erik repeats, incredulous."Yes, please," Charles says.When they stop, Erik watches as Charles almost trips over his own feet in his haste at getting out of the car.In his haste - or in disuse.Legs. 'I need to try out my legs.'Erik doesn't have lucid dreams. He never knows, never even realizes he might be dreaming until afterward.He stares at the back of his hands on the steering wheel (smooth, unspotted by age) and both looks and feels around for some indication of - he doesn't know, anything - that will indicate one way or another whether he has actually gone mad, or if -The first thing that draws his attention is the silver in the cash register, inside the station. It's been a long time since they stopped making silver quarters, a long time since Erik has sensed more than one at a time, an anomaly in someone's pocket change.There's silver in his pocket, too. Erik contemplates it, traces over the design with phantom fingers as he watches the gas jockey filling up someone's tank in his rearview mirror.Charles makes it back after twenty minutes or so, and they head back down the road.*"You can fuck me, right now. I know you want to."
It's not exactly any of the ways Erik has always pictured this going; and he's still not convinced it's happening anywhere other than inside his own head.Yet, when he kisses Charles - his Charles, maybe - for the very first time, he can hold nothing back. When he kisses Charles for the very first time, he's saying 'thank you' and 'I'm sorry' and 'finally, finally; finally.'*Erik stays awake through as much of that first night as he can, postponing the return to the unending nightmare of his own making. Even if this is real, he can't imagine he'll be allowed to stay for long.Eventually he does sleep, for a few hours.He wakes up in the dark of the morning to his hand on Charles' thigh, to the whisper of Charles' breathing, to the sigh in his head of tons of metal flying past on the highway.He thinks back to the day before, of Charles offering himself. Charles, at once determined and reluctant, nothing like any of the fantasies.Erik dresses quietly in the dark, heads down for the continental breakfast. He sits in the far corner with a plastic cup of orange juice and a muffin, watching the people as they go in and out. It's a Wednesday, so it's mostly businessmen in suits with briefcases in hand, sweeping in for a cup of coffee and leaving again. But several families with small children come in too, sit to eat together; and Erik finds himself wondering who they'll be forty years from now.He sits there until the sun's up, his untouched juice long since gone room temperature; then, feeling a rising hysteria, he goes back to the room before he bursts into laughter or weeps, or both.Charles, a lazy slug in the morning as ever, is still in bed. Erik drinks him in for a long moment and hears himself saying, in hardly a wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Fix-It
Post-X2
Angst
Humor
Genocide
canon AU
Time Travel
Unrequited Love
Identity Porn
Canon Disabled Character

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

