Work Text:
Tony gets it. He does. It's a very bad idea. He should know, he comes up with them all the time. He's just usually better at stopping himself.Fury had made it clear, though. "Either help us find a way to shut down Iron Man, or get out of my office."Tony should have said 'sure, fine,' and followed up on the legal threats. What he said instead was worse: "Sure, fine, whatever. Can I see him now?"And then he spends the rest of the day kicking himself and meeting Captain America.---"They haven't let you out." Tony says, flatly, and for a moment his attention lets go of the Iron Man shaped problem. "You've seen a street, and then straight back to letting SHIELD poke at you.""It's only been a few days," Steve (he'd insisted that he call him Steve) says. "I - don't mind it. I don't know if I - " He snaps his mouth shut, closing off, and clearly it was a bad idea to insult him as soon as he mentioned his father. That had changed the topic, though, so Tony was free to chase up this problem."You're going to need music, at least." Tony's mind is already racing ahead, turning over the idea of giving him something better than any mp3 players on the market, then thinking that he'd have to have some kind of sorting algorithm so he didn't wind up listening exclusively to the 60s or something. "I'll get you music. Fury can't fight that, he'd better not.""I have some records," Steve says, and okay, good, he doesn't look closed off or hostile right now, it's back to the baffled curiosity Steve had greeted him with originally. Before the insult."No, no no. You've missed - " What kind of music would Captain America like? It doesn't matter. No one should live without a firm grounding in musical legends. He restarts the sentence. "You've missed the musical renaissance, I'm not going to even start listing bands, we'll be here all night. You stay put, I'll come back with something. Wait, no. Pick a decade."Steve's staring at him. Tony lowers his hands, remembers vaguely that it's probably not polite to gesture violently with his hands while talking to Captain America about music. He doesn't really care, but Steve still hasn't answered his question."A decade. You know what that is, right? Twenties, thirties, forties - pick one you haven't been in and I'll start there.""Sixties," Steve tells him after another pause, and Tony grins at him."Great, thanks!" And he's halfway out the room before he stops and looks back. And fails to think of something to say. Not goodbye, he'll be back as soon as he can force Fury to let him in. Nothing about how it was good to meet him, because - because.It's getting awkward. He works his mouth. "See you around," he says, and off he goes. It's lame as hell, but he has other things to worry about now. Like the arms race he's just entered into with himself. And designing a way to introduce Steve to the music of the future without accidentally screwing it up somehow.He realizes: It's a lot easier to think about Steve instead of Captain America. Steve is a guy he can insult and introduce music to. Steve isn't the guy his dad worked with. Searched for. Okay, he is, but Tony makes the firm line in his mind.He has the sinking feeling he'll need it established in the future.---Supervillainy, Tony has decided, is his second-favorite hobby. There's nothing quite like wrecking a tank and zooming off to finish destroying a not-very-well defended military base. He's testing a new system of missile launchers and working on yet another thread of his Grand Plan of Villainy, which by now demands a grandiose title.Okay, he doesn't really need to be blowing up this particular base, but he's worked it out. Hide a book in a library, hide targets in a cluster of targets.He spirals out of the range of gunfire - useless against his armor, but he takes the opportunity to survey the damage. It's enough - the base is crippled, probably needs to be rebuilt entirely - and away he soars. Flying's the best part of the entire thing, and he lets himself get lost in the sheer thrill of it before refocusing.Plans to make. He has to build Fury something that'll cripple him next time - but without enough oof to stop him. Something convincing, too. He turns the idea over in his head, thinking of gadgets and new tanks, then abandons that line of thought for the time being: something on the radar.It's something new, which immediately causes him to change course, seeing if it'll follow him. There's nothing civilian in the area - he checked, and checks again - and from the size it's either a very small plane or another superhero that can fly."Jarvis, update the database if this is someone new," he says a minute later, when he's sure the blip is chasing him. "And let Pepper know I'll be late, but I promise to be back in time for the meeting at five.""Sir," Jarvis acknowledges him, and Tony turns in the air, coming to a halt and waiting for whoever - whatever it is."Hold, villain!" calls the superhero(? Tony thinks it is, nothing else is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Villains
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

