Chapter 1: The boy named Sai
    




Chapter Text
Year 2016
"What is this being we are speaking about? I mean is it a human being? An alien? What is it?" Tony asked.
"It's just an entity that devours universes. It doesn't have any shape or form and very little is known of it. When it comes, black snow falls and everything the black snow touches, gets obliterated to nothingness." John replied.
"You said, I will kill the Black Winter. Can we get to know how?" Thor asked as this was the main question for all. They wanted to know the process of defeating it. John hesitated for a bit before uttering a spell.
This spell would stop anyone from hearing their conversation. Not even the Watchers would be able to hear the next words of John.
"What did you do?" Arthur asked.
"I just used magic as a protection to stop anyone from listening to our conversation. There can be many people listening to us right now. That war against the multiversal beings is sure to wake up many other entities in all of the multiverse." Everybody nodded as they understood.
"Before explaining the defeat of Black Winter let me tell you a story."
-------------------------------------------
Present Time
Sai, an 18-year old, only child of the family, living in Bengaluru, India. He had just come out of the movie theater with his friends after watching the latest Marvel movie Eternals. Before he had gone for the movie he was excited because of the fact that after a long time, he watched MCU movie and as an avid MCU fan he loved it. Despite that, after watching it he felt that the movie needed a more emotional aspect yet he didn't have any prejudice against the story being an origin movie. Marvel hasn't produced any good origin movies recently except for Shang-Chi which was debatable. Eternals could have been a good one, but it needed more depth.
As Sai and his friends headed out laughing and discussing about the movie they took the path to the nearest restaurant to have dinner as the movie was a late night show with his friends Robin and Akash found their way to a nearby anime themed restaurant which has been a new addition as anime or such genre is not so popular locally in the country as opposed to Japan.
"Man MCU has finally stepped on the gate of Gods." Sai said excitedly.
"Yes and I can't wait for Galactus, if they have finally decided that it's time for him." Robin added, being a great fan of Galactus.
The anime themed restaurant had many posters of classic animes such as Naruto, Bleach, One Piece and even recent anime like Kobayashi-san chi no Maid Dragon posters outside the shop.
As they were about to enter the restaurant they suddenly heard a loud screeching noise. All of the three boys instinctively turned back to see what the noise was about but what surprised them was the view of a yellow Porsche Cayenne speeding very fast on it's way towards their direction.
At that moment, maybe it was his instincts or maybe because Sai was a kind hearted guy who thought more for others first, pushed the other two boys out of their way to save them. The car rammed Sai in high speed over the pavement and Sai was thrown away towards the restaurant. That glass doors of the restaurant shattered and he was slammed down.
Before he could even experience the pain, he saw his vision blurring and cries from the friends and the people nearby . All he could think about before he closed his eyes was that he couldn't bid farewell to his parents as he already assumed that he was going to die soon.
But little did he know that his death will start a storm in the multiverse that nobody could have imagined.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
