Work Text:
The first three weeks, the only people he sees are the doctors, and Steve. Steve makes it bearable, but only just. Steve worries and bites his lip, and practically bleeds his guilt all over the carpeting, and no matter how many times Bucky tells him that there wasn't anything he could have done, that he doesn't forgive Steve only because there was nothing to forgive in the first place, he can only garner a weak smile and a weaker promise that he'll be out soon, they'll let him out--into the future, holy shit--soon. He gets restless, breaks his plastic water cup into shards, and throws them like darts at the walls. Bullseye every time, even with his non-dominant arm.His arm. Fuck.He tries not to think about the emptiness at his side, the strange lopsidedness of it. The doctors tell him that fantastic progress has been made in prostheses, that they're going to fit him with one as soon as they deem him ready for it. He prepares for disappointment. Anything more than darts, and he's going to need another real arm to shoot again, not a hunk of metal and plastic. Steve's eyes always dart to the absence too. Bucky pretends not to notice, and doesn't say anything about it. Well, he tries, once--just says that he hardly expected to be alive anyway; getting away in one piece was just pie in the sky talk. Steve flinches so hard he almost breaks something. Bucky makes sure it doesn't come up again.Three weeks, though, and then the monotony of tests and meals and the beginnings of PT are interrupted by the sounds of an argument at the door.He can't understand a word of it, but from the cadence it's clear that there are a significant number of expletives involved.Finally the door opens. "Mr. Stark, this is beyond the pale--""No. Fuck off. Give me ten minutes. Can you do that? Ten minutes? He's not scheduled for anything, and if he was I'd have wiped it off your databases before you could blink. Now go away and give me a second, I'm gonna catch enough shit for this from Steve, I don't need your help."The door is slammed unceremoniously shut. Bucky raises an eyebrow. "You Starks really like listening to the sounds of your own voices, huh?"Mr. Stark blinks at him, and then...yeah, that's the Stark smirk all right. "So I've heard. Tony Stark, at your service.""Are you, really?" Bucky drawls. "You don't strike me as the servicing type.""Oh, I like you. No wonder Rogers has a soft spot for you."“You know Steve?”“We’re coworkers.”“And he doesn’t know you’re here,” Bucky finishes.“Pretty sure I’m the last introduction to the future he wants you to have,” Stark agrees.Bucky looks him over. He can only be Howard’s son, that’s for sure. Same basic features, but a little bit sharper, a little more weary. Still confoundingly attractive, particularly in what must be modern suiting, all long lines and razor edges along nearly invisible pinstripes and charcoal gray. He’s certainly a welcome respite from SHIELD black and blue, and medical white.So finally Bucky tilts his head, and then feels his lips twitch involuntarily upwards. “What brings you then, Mr. Stark?” he asks, eyebrow cocked. “That.” Stark points just to the side of Bucky. Right where his arm should be. Before Bucky can spit in his face, he adds, “I want to build it.”Bucky pauses. Then he asks, “Why?”Tony shrugs. “You’re Rogers’s friend. You were probably the best sniper this country’s ever seen. SHIELD's department will give you shit. I like a challenge. Pick what you like.”Bucky nods. “The last one,” he says finally. “I like challenges too.”Stark smiles at him, and this time it’s a genuine smile, no smirk or glamour. “I think we’ll get on just fine.”***Stark doesn’t come by more than once a week--the SHIELD staff barely tolerate that much, and only because Bucky insists that he be allowed in. He comes in with a flat object the size of a notebook that apparently holds more computing power than several rooms full of machinery used to. He takes pictures of the bare joint where Bucky’s arm should begin, and pictures of the arm that’s still whole for reference. He doesn’t bother explaining how the technology works or even what it does, just acts like everything is completely normal even though it’s bizarre, but Bucky’s honestly kind of glad of that. The nurses have begun leaving him history books on his bedside table, but it feels patronizing and a little too calculating for his tastes. No doubt this is SHIELD’s version of history, not what actually happened.On the second visit, Stark frowns. “You’re all knotted up. Why?” He prods a finger at Bucky’s empty shoulder. Bucky looks away from him. “It’s nothing.”“You’re hurting. They not giving you enough drugs?”“It wouldn’t fix anything.”Stark narrows his eyes. “Tell me.”Bucky keeps staring at the wall, but it offers him nothing but memories of snow. Maybe that’s what impels him to say what he could never, ever say to Steve. “I was still holding my gun. I didn’t want to lose it.”Stark somehow manages to follow this broken
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

