Chapter 1: Filling the Gap
    




Chapter Text
Quickly she strode down the hallway, pressing the freshly washed and dried sheets against her chest as she passed a group of soldiers. Saryn shot a look out of one of the big windows as she passed the last one, it was late, but she wouldn’t get into trouble. There was no way she could get into trouble anyway since she was none of the servants to normally attend to the prince’s chambers… But if she wouldn’t be finished on time they’d cut Timila’s payment for an entire week. Just because she was sick today.She shoved her friend out of her mind. Doing both jobs was exhausting even if it was the first day, she hoped eagerly that her friend would be feel better tomorrow. As usually the kitchen was messy and fatiguing itself, but fortunately two more girls from downstairs had offered to take care of certain rooms in the palace so she herself only had to attend to the spacious chambers upstairs.Timila had said the prince only returned in the night. She took a deep breath before turning into the last hallway, heading towards the big doors. She wouldn’t run into him. Get in, clean up, leave. No problems, no punishments.The young woman opened the door balancing the sheets and clothes on her left arm which she then closed it again. She stopped for a moment, her heart racing. She’s never been in here before, but as interested she was, a part in her was eagerly happy that she wouldn’t have to every return again. Preconditioned her friend was fine tomorrow…Quickly Saryn crossed the room, it indeed was gigantic and only one part of what Loki lived in. She placed the sheets on the bed and strode to the left. On her way to one of the smaller doors she surrounded a sort of divan, bigger than her own real bed… She opened the door and stood up on her toes so she could place the different shirts and trousers back into the closet. She went back and started still with a beating heart getting the sheets off the bed. She couldn’t help but shiver, this entire room smelled like him, and as much as the thought displeased her, it was dazzling her mind. She’d never imagined a man could smell this good.The girl swallowed hard and got the sheets off entirely, quickly replacing them with the new ones. The bed itself was as daedal as the rest of the furniture, wide and carved out of dark wood. Getting the sheets back on was not as easy as she thought it would be because of the sheer size of it. Kneeling on the soft mattress her hands began shaking as she finished her work. How many women may he have taken here?Before she could distract herself even more she crawled off the bed, rearranging the new blanket and pillows. She strode back, entered the bathroom and replaced the towels she could find. As fast as she could she collected all the old sheets together, lazily folding them and holding them tightly. There wasn’t much more to do, the rooms itself were amazingly tidy this evening, she put only a few books back into one of the big shelves. They were arranged perfectly so finding the space they were supposed to stand in wasn’t hard to find.There she stood. Saryn swallowed and shot a look outside the window to check on the time. There was nothing outside on the balcony, it was too cold to read outside. Another servant had already taken the dishes away if Loki had eaten in here, the bathroom was clean, the pillows, the bed, the clothes, the sheets… Then it hit her eye. Annoyed that she left the door of the closet open she walked back, still holding the sheets. But just in the second she closed these, the other door behind her burst open.The unexpected sound startled her so badly that she let go of the sheets. Quickly she bowed as the person that entered turned out to be Loki, but he didn’t seem to take care of her anyway. She wouldn’t know. Saryn tried hard to look at his feet as he passed her. She could merely hear the clinking of his armor over her racing heart. Her breath became heavy as she kneeled down and grabbed the sheets on the floor. Not a single rational thought crossed her mind on her way to the door, just out, she needed to get out before he realized she was none of…“Wench” he said suddenly as she was reaching for the door. The corners of her mouth twitched a little at the word. Oh no.She turned around and curtsied looking at the prince’s feet. “Yes, your highness?”“Weren’t you ever taught that it’s considered as rude not to look into somebody’s eyes?” The dark voice sent shivers upon her spine.Her body was aching and fear must be written onto her face, yet Saryn hit herself in her own mind and raised her gaze. She couldn’t but claw her fingers into the soft sheets in her arms as her eyes met Loki’s, he was just standing there in front of his table, looking at her with those cold, green eyes. His raven hair was tied to the back of his head. He didn’t look amused. Not at all.“Get over here.” he said dryly.It took her a second or two to realize what he’s said. Quickly she set her body 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Original Characters

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Oral Sex
Sexual Content
Rough Sex
Sex
Public Sex
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Smut
Dark
Submissive Character
Public Nudity
Nudity
Fluff and Smut
Fluff
Spanking
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Angst
Loki Has Issues
Rape
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape Aftermath
Rape Recovery
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Feels
Loki is Not Amused
Warning: Loki
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Porn
Angst and Feels
Angst and Romance
Loss of Virginity
Virginity
Secretly a Virgin
Anal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Anal Fingering
Fingerfucking
Finger Sucking
Masturbation
Forced Masturbation
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Threats of Violence
Threats
Death Threats
Dark Character
Dark Loki
Manipulative Loki
Emotional Hurt
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Sexual Violence
Sexual Assault
Sexual Abuse
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Love/Hate
Hate Sex
Mental Breakdown
Mental Anguish

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Original Characters

