Chapter 1: The First Bit
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The golden light fades, and life moves on. With the help of the arc reactor—with the “power of the sun”—Otto can restabilize his fusion machine. He never sacrifices himself, he never drowns, and life moves on.After the Doctor is able to fix his mistake, he manages to complete his initial mission: to provide clean energy to the world. He becomes a hero, a once-again renowned scientist, a friend to Spider-Man, and a veritable godsend to climate change activists. But there is still one more loose end he’d like to tie up.One of the first things Otto did when he got back to Earth-96283 (after taking care of the New York problem) was to visit Norman Osborn’s grave. It wasn’t there, just like he knew it wouldn’t be, but he was—like so many other people—a creature of habit, among other things. He’d been here so many times he didn’t need to read the names of the headstones surrounding it to get his bearings.He doesn’t know why he came, not really. A part of him still mourns the man, a part that is much larger now that Round Faced Peter has fixed his inhibitor chip. That part is foolish, as Otto knows full well that Norman is still alive, and yet he can’t seem to shake it. Losing Rosie had hit him hard, but because of everything else that happened at the same time it never really took root. Norman had been different. The part of his brain that had escaped the AI’s influence, as small as it had been, took that loss and held on to it, almost as if it had been the one thing tying him back to his humanity (for all Otto knows, it could have been).His contemplative moment of staring at the grass that had at one point covered Norman’s body is interrupted by the sounds of distant traffic. He looks at his watch and jolts at the time. He’s going to be late!

⤣⤤
Who the actual fuck cares about traffic when you can just swing above all the cars with your giant metal arms.
⤣⤤
The entrance of the building is sleeker than Otto remembers it. The walls are a very light gray with a ring of blue light running around the underside of the counter at the receptionists’ desk. The older man, wearing some kind of vintage-looking sunglasses, nods at the doctor when he comes in through the front doors.The receptionist directs him to the Ceo’s office, “second down from the top floor,” even though they both know Otto knows where it is. As he makes his way up the building in the elevator (thankfully it was empty when it opened for him), he lets his anxiety take over for just a minute.  What if he doesn’t want to see me? It’s been so long, for both of us now. What if the serum changed him too much? What if—ding!

⤣⤤
He finds Norman on the balcony, overlooking the city. It’s a rare sunny afternoon and the light dances across his time-worn face. The lines look deeper than they did the last time Otto saw him, but then again, the “last time” was actually him from years ago. Time travel bullshit.“How are you, Osborn?” Norman startles slightly at the sound of Otto’s voice, turning around to face the doctor.“Sorry, I didn’t hear the elevator come up. I’m doing well.” He looks it too. Where Otto is still trying to find his footing with his second chance, Norman has had a handle on it for years. Otto wouldn’t remember, but since Norman traveled back to just before he was killed he’s had more time to adapt to being “good” again. Otto would be jealous, but he doesn’t have the heart for it anymore.“How’s redemption treating you, Otto?” When did Norman get so kind? His eyes are softer than they used to be, not without the ambition he once had, but without the ruthless-ness that used to live inside him, the cutthroat ways that had let the Green Goblin take control.Otto sighs and moves next to Norman, leaning against the metal railing to look out over the sea of skyscrapers and high-rises. “I’ll admit, it’s not something I ever thought I’d get. I did so much, so so much that I’m not proud of. And to get to fix that? I will never be thankful enough.”“There’s a ‘but’ in there.”“Yes, there is. All the people I knew are gone, Norman. They’re all either gone or can’t face me anymore. Not with these,” he gestures to his robotic libs.Norman nods. “I get that. I won’t say it’s the same for me, because I still have Harry, but I do understand.”They spend what is probably an overly long amount of time for just two friends catching up in Norman’s office. It is late when the two make their way down the elevator, but it’s not like Otto has anywhere to be and Harry is an adult who lives on his own.They walk away from the building together, and as the city of New York bustles around them, Otto finally feels like he just might get one more piece of his old life back.

⤣⤤
Between Norman’s busy schedule and Otto’s growing fame, they aren’t able to make time to meet up again for another month. They don’t run into each other again until the annual tech convention in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Otto Octavius/Norman Osborn
Gwen Stacy/Mary Jane Watson
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
(the last two are minor)

freeform: 
I wrote this for a friend
IT'S GAY
Deal With It
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Spider-Man 1 and 2 fix-it
sorta - Freeform
Peter is friends with everyone
Norman is a Good Dad
Minor Original Character(s)
Teen and Up for minor language (one f-word per chapter)
I do actually know shit about new york
and im pretty sure the neighborhoods are accurate
Norman Osborn's A+ parenting

fandom: 
Otto Octavius/Norman Osborn
Gwen Stacy/Mary Jane Watson
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
(the last two are minor)

