Chapter 1: staked out on a mission
    




Chapter Text
It’s been 8 weeks.8 weeks since Bucky allowed Steve to find him.Allowed is not the word that Sam would use, especially not after he woke up from the coma the Winter Soldier had put him in for just a little over a day after their altercation. But allowed is the only word that Nat would use, even though she made it out of that allowance with a pint less of blood than she entered with.Bucky allowed Steve to find him, 56 days ago, and today the sun ain’t even up yet but the avengers are, all of them.‘No rest for the wicked’ Nat had quoted as they made their way down to the quinjets about two hours before sunrise. She had chuckled to herself, the only one who made any noise, the others staying silent. Clint cracked a smile and continued suiting up, but the others seemed to keep glancing over at Bucky.Bucky who was standing alone in the corner, knife twirling in hand, stance predatory but an almost boyish glint in his eyes as he stared out the window at the world below, scared and afraid, but oh so determined. A look that seems to match Steve’s default, and this morning, it seemed to spur the Captain forward. It wasn’t till they landed that Bucky vanished entirely, his face a mask of cold detachment, ice blue eyes only softening when glancing at the star spangled man.Even after three hours on the ground fighting, Steve still isn’t too sure about this mission, but he’s more sure than the others, more sure than he usually is, because this time he has Bucky by his side. He knows the others are wary, that they aren’t sure this is a good idea, but Steve knows it’s for the best.Bucky’s restless, wants to fight, needs to protect, needs to be reminded that the arm, that he can still some good. He doesn’t talk, doesn’t say the words, doesn’t say anything in English or Russian or Japanese or French or German, or in any of the languages that he screams out during the night. But Steve knows, he knows that Bucky needs this, needs to be out with them, gun in one hand, grenade on his belt and knives tucked away in the folds of his black leather uniform that he hadn’t been willing to give up, even if the muzzle hasn’t made a reappearance since Steve tore it off all those weeks ago. Steve doesn’t see it as allowing Bucky a chance to remember a small part of what he once was, but in a way that’s exactly what is happening now that Bucky is fighting by his side, allowed to fight how he wants after all these years of orders, allowed to take down the ‘bad’ guy, and save people instead of slaughtering them.The others weren’t exactly concerned that Bucky wasn’t ready to be out in the field, it’s simply that they don’t reckon giant sludge monsters and humans and whatever the hell else that are fighting, would be the best mission to start Bucky out on. But there are no stairs in this pool, one simply has to dive head first in, and they didn’t really have a choice, or any chance of stopping Bucky from diving right into the madness. Not with Steve adamant about Bucky’s presence in this fight, and Thor still in Asgard for another week or so.It was more so, the avengers weren’t sure if Bucky was ready, but they couldn’t be concerned with that right now, not with well, whatever the hell they were dealing with, not when it’s an all hands of deck situation. They don’t trust Bucky, not exactly, but they do trust his rage, trust his skill; and more than anything they trust that he’ll protect Steve even if he doesn’t really understand why.  Even if he dies trying, he will protect Steve till his last breath, and Bucky doesn’t need a reason for it, never really has.
…
“Rogers, you’ve got incoming.” Nat says into the comm, it’s the first thing anyone has said in the last half hour, the only sound heard over the comms the hail of bullets, grunts and the yells of those dying around them.“Thanks.” Steve grits out before severing the head, well some semblance of a head, off of the sludge monster that was seemingly dead set on smothering the Captain to death.Back on his feet, Steve readies himself for incoming, but spares a second he doesn’t have to glance over to the flash of silver and black.Steve’s not keeping an eye on Bucky, well not really. It’s not that he feels the need to watch over him, he knows he doesn’t, it’s ridiculous, Bucky is capable, more than capable, but Steve still feels the need to glance over in his general direction every few minutes to ensure he’s still alive, to ensure that he’s okay.Bucky may not speak, may not want anything to do with Steve, well not seemingly so at least, but that doesn’t mean that Steve doesn’t need constant reassurance that this isn’t a dream. He knows he needs to give Bucky space and he does, he’d do, is doing anything he can, so he gives him space.Joins Bucky in the gym, spars with him whenever Bucky needs. It’s all Bucky will give him and it’s more than he ever thought he would get. That doesn’t reassure him though, not really, want does is Jarvis, Ja
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
deaged!Bucky
little bucky is adorable
and cuddly
and silent
Fluff
So Much Cuteness
De-aged Bucky
Angst
Slow Build
Age Regression/De-Aging

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

