Work Text:
This, Erik thinks, taking shelter inside an overturned garbage can, was not my fault.Really, how was he to know that the mutant he'd been tracking for the last three days would be so violently opposed to the extermination of humanity? Or that she would yell, "My two younger sisters are perfectly 'normal' humans and if you think I'm going to let you hurt them for that, you have another think coming!"She'd then had the appalling sense of humor to use her fantastic, extremely-useful-for-warfare mutation of molecular transfiguration to turn Erik into a brown and white-spotted kitten."You won't be hurting anyone like that," she'd laughed and proceeded to leave him on the side of the road."Turn me back!" Erik yelled after her, but it came out as the kind of growling screech which, back on base, usually signaled that Raven was trying to learn to drive stick-shift again.This leaves Erik, who had both forgotten to eat lunch and not told anyone specifically where in New York he was going, menacing a robin with his tiny but sharp claws. The robin neatly avoids the swipe of his paw and, with galling disinterest, flies away.It starts to rain and Erik sulks back into his garbage can.He's still there, brooding, hours later when a hand reaches out to right the can. Erik yowls in protest. The hand stills and retracts, replaced by the boyish face of a young man with wavy brown hair. His eyes are blue and surprised. "Hullo there," he says, "Are you lost?"He scoops Erik up and Erik's planning to claw him to ribbons, he really is, but then the man is saying, "You must be lost. Lovely thing like you, I'm sure someone's looking," and tucking him between a cardigan and a white button-up, close and warm."It's getting a bit late. You don't want to be on the street after dark. How about I put you up for the night and we see about getting you back home tomorrow?" the man continues. Beneath Erik's ear, his heart goes, thump thump thump, like a metronome.Fuck it, Erik thinks, Maybe he'll feed me.--"Home, sweet home," the man announces cheerfully, when he carries Erik over the threshold of an apartment. He sets Erik down on a leather armchair and fetches a towel."There we are," he says, wrapping the towel around Erik snugly. "And I'll find you something edible." Erik would never admit it, but he thinks he purred for just a moment.The man smiles. On his way to the kitchen, he hits the button on his answering machine, which is flashing 2 messages, in red digital letters."Charles, this is Moira," a woman's pleasant voice says, "I was wondering if you would do a guest lecture for my Evolutionary Biology Intro course. I think the students would really benefit from hearing about your thesis work. Let me know if you're interested." Beep."Mr. Xavier," the second message starts, "This is Burns, Lanier and Weiss, calling about the estate..." Charles deletes the message before it can continue."You," Charles says, plopping down beside Erik, "are in luck. I was out to dinner last night and I had fantastic but over-portioned grilled salmon." He sets a small china bowl in front of Erik. Erik inhales the leftover salmon like an extremely determined vacuum cleaner."You're still a bit wet," Charles says, sounding concerned. He snaps his fingers. "I know just the thing," he says, gently unwrapping Erik from his towel and throwing it into the dryer. Two minutes later, it's the softest, warmest thing Erik has ever felt and he feels completely justified in falling asleep cocooned in it, settled on Charles' chest.--Erik wakes up curled on a pillow beside Charles' head.For a moment, he takes in the long, lean line of Charles' body, the softness of his features, and then he remembers. This wasn't some alcohol-soaked night where he somehow managed to snag a really hot one-night stand. He's a fucking kitten.His anger ought to bring the steel girders holding up the apartment crashing through the walls, but the only thing that so much as twitches is a pile of discarded change on Charles' dresser. Erik reaches for his rage over his mother's death, a senseless mugging by senseless humans. She'd never carried more than ten dollars in her purse.One of the pennies rolls to the carpet. Erik collapses in exhaustion. Damn-fucking-it, he thinks.Beside him, Charles makes a sleepy noise and sits up. He blinks blearily at Erik and smiles. Erik feels his heart flutter a little and blames it on his recent, mostly-failed power experiment."Right where I left you," Charles says, running a hand over Erik's back. "You're looking a bit better this morning," he adds. "A little food and a warm bed can do wonders, yes?"Charles drags himself slowly out of bed in a way that suggests he is not a morning person and also gives Erik a startling good view of his bare chest and the curve of his ass beneath pin-stripe flannel pajama bottoms. He then ruins the view with dark-wash jeans, a pale green oxford and yet another cardigan. It should look awful. Erik is horrified to learn that he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Kittens
Animal Transformation

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

