Chapter 1: New friends
    




Chapter Text
Today was the day you will be moving and finally meeting your roommate. You were happy to have some company, working for Howard was, well, exhausting, you could spend days working non-stop for that man to the point that the only communication you had with this new roommate of yours, was by letter. you knew he was a man and, for the way he talked in the letters he seemed kinda shy, maybe because living with a girl you don't date is weird, who knows, today was your day off and you were ready to move some boxes as soon as you arrived at your new apartment. It was hard for you, you were only moving because your ex partner dumped you ‘you work too much’.
“So you don’t know this Stevens right?” Bucky was worried for his friend “what's his name at least?”
“I told you Bucky, I only know that his last name is Stevens and that he works in Stark industries, nothing more”
They were waiting at the door, ready to hear a knock and help to start moving some boxes.
“Well I bought a nice whiskey so we can drink with him and get to know him a bit” he was interrupted by a loud knock at the door.
Steve opened the door with a smile, ready to see his new future friend, but before you could say anything you were interrupted by the two men. “Oh erm.. Apologies you have the wrong direction” Steve claimed after seeing you. “Rogers? I’m Stevens, y/n Stevens” you smiled awkwardly. Both men were in shock, you were a girl, they were expecting a man, Steve was red and Bucky was eyeing you like a wolf in front of a bird.
“So… Do you need help with the boxes?” Steve asked a bit nervously, how could you forget telling that you are not a man? Is the basic, but no, always signing with your last name instead of name, even in informal letters. “Dont worry doll, let the men handle the weight” Steve’s friend told you with a seductive grin. “y/n” you stated “not doll, darling, honey or any other pet names” you looked at him already exhausted, you hated playboys, you worked with one everyday.
—----
After putting every box in your new room and sorting your things you headed to the kitchen “Are you guys dining here? I wanna eat some spaghetti '' you were tying an apron, ready to be friendly, your mom always told you that ‘people are friendlier with a full stomach’, and you liked cooking, so that's a win win solution. 
“Thank you sweetheart but” Bucky said, again with the pet names “we are heading for a pizza and then some drinks”
“Oh… I see” this was horrible, you were so stupid, of course they didn’t want to hang with you after all.
“Mrs. Stevens you should come too” your roommate was so kind “but better grab a coat”
You nodded and headed to your room for your favorite coat, it was an expensive one, courtesy of Mr. Stark for your birthday.
“I can't believe you” Bucky said to Steve when you left “you are really bringing her?”
“You always inviting girls, at least this one doesn't ignore me” he laughed “and doesn't want to kiss you”  Bucky rolled his eyes at that comment “a change is refreshing”
“She even dress like a boy, I mean, she looks fine with trousers but” Bucke gestured “living with a man, wearing man clothes… she's weird”
“I’m ready” you appeared with your coat and purse, still wearing the afternoon clothes, a comfy white blouse and a pair of dark blue trousers, but you decided to put some makeup and a small ribbon in your ponytail. 
—-
All the way to the restaurant was you talking about your work, where were you from and so on. “And that’s why I moved here, my partner decided to end things and none of my friends have a spare room.” you laughed a bit “should have made clear that I was a girl, my bad.”
“Is okay really, don't worry” Steve reassured you “at least you won't steal one of Bucky’s girlfriends” he joked.
“You think so? Try me” both men were in shock at your comment, Bucky asked you if you were serious, if you liked girls. “Wouldn't you want to know? I’m a girl with a few secrets honey, and you won't hear them” if he was going to use a pet name you would use the same for him. 
You arrived at the restaurant and ordered some pizzas, each one their favorite one, and some drinks too, alcoholic obviously, you were celebrating your new friendship after all. The dinner was nice, they talked about their past and how they met, it was lovely knowing how long their friendship is, and how welcoming Steve was. Bucky couldn't stop smiling at you when you weren't looking at him, there was something about you, your personality, your appearance, that was eye-catching for him, maybe the fact that you weren't interested in him had something to do as well. 
Bucky knew one thing after that night, if he had Steve’s permission to court his roommate,he would make you fall in love with him. He thought if was his playboy pride talking and not his heart, longing for something else, with the new and weird girl he had met.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Slow Burn
friends to lovers to enemy to lovers
Pre-Canon
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Hurt Tony Stark
Not Beta Read

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

