Chapter 1: In Which Tony Stark is Short
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark never real thought about his height until he started college.  Prior to this period of time, stuck in high school with other pre-pubescent boys and girls, he never really stuck out.  He wasn’t the shortest, that was a title given to the freshmen just coming in, but he wasn’t towering over everyone like the gawky basketball players or extremely butch (possibly using steroids mixed in their PowerAde?) football players.  All in all, he was comfortable with his height and that was fine.
But then, stepping into the advanced circuitry class at MIT on the first day, knowing he’s dropping the class simply because he’s finished most of the homework assignments posted online in the past three hours, Tony is abruptly struck by how tiny he is.  Well, not tiny, Anthony Edward Stark could never be classified as “tiny” in any manner, but something seemed off.  As if all his fellow students have been injected with some sort of growth serum after freshman orientation and he hadn’t gotten the memo.
Even Galina, the lonely female in the electrical engineering department, was taller than him.
Granted, she was European, Tony knew this from very personal experience, but it still stings a little when he has to be the one to lean his head on her shoulder.  The fond smile she shoots down at him every time he did this rubs the salt deeper into the open wound known as his pride.
He tried really hard to be disappointed when Galina had a sudden change of heart and switched majors to underwater basket weaving with a minor in interpretive dance.
Her parting comment of, “You are so cute, like a small, defenseless kitten stuck on its back“, coupled with a pat on the head informed Tony that he didn’t hide his Napoleon-complex well enough.
“Tony, you’re worrying too much about this.”  His mother said in one of her rare calls between charity balls.  “Height is nothing you can control.  It’s in your genes.  Look at your father.  You’ll catch up soon.”
Tony wasn’t even close to Howard Stark’s six-foot frame, which bothered him much more than it really should, and he only reached his mother’s height of five-foot-nine on a good day when he was wearing dress shoes and she was in flats.  If he was going to have a growth spurt, surely it would have happened before he turned eighteen?
In publicity photos he’s always placed between his parents, or standing slightly behind and to the side while they’re both sitting.  The photographers and paparazzi say it’s so the photo will look more balanced.  Tony knows what they’re really thinking when he is tugged into position, his mother placing an awkward, but comforting, hand at the small of his back.

Tony Stark is shorter than both his parents and he’s not getting taller anytime soon, so we might as well make the best of what we have.  It was cute when he was nine.  At nineteen it’s a little ridiculous and sad at the same time.  Maybe something is stunting his growth?

He stops drinking coffee to make a point.  He lasts twenty-two hours before he inhales an entire pot.  Black; like his mood.  Screw scientific research that might show a correlation between height and caffeine intake.  It’s all bullshit.
Of course, his lack of height isn’t on his mind when his parents die.  There is a sharp spike of pain he didn't think he'd have whenever he thinks that now he will never have the two taller people to bracket him when he goes into polite society.  Another, much, much smaller part of him is a tiny bit happy that he can no longer be compared to his parents; be it their achievements or their height.
Tony decides drinking is a good way to avoid a lot of problems, his height being the least of them.
---
After a while the gap at his side is filled with a Ms. Pepper Potts, a super secretary angel sent from heaven who had somehow been cursed with the responsibility of making Tony seem responsible.  She refuses to listen to his excuses (such as forgetting the keys to his car when everyone knew Happy chauffeured him everywhere), and had no hesitations against calling him at two in the morning because I-know-you’re-up-you-can’t-fool-me-you-don’t-sleep-and-you-need-to-sign-these-or-we-default-on-fifty-loans-and-lose-seven-patents.
Also, every Tuesday she brought in a new type of dessert from home.  Tony called it bribery and surprise feeding.  Pepper called it stress baking.
Either way, Tony stopped picking as many arguments due to the copious amount of calories suddenly being supplemented into his diet.
He couldn’t help but feel a little deceived, though, once he found out about Pepper’s illustrious love affair with high heels.
Instead of liking sensible heels, kitten heels, heels less than an inch in height, heels made for the elderly and infirm, Tony discovers that Pepper’s deviances leaned towards the skyscraper-in-height-heels.  Heels that change her diminutive five-foot-four stature into a towering five-foot-eight, or even five-foot-nine if she w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Short!Tony
heightkink
Dating
Horrible dating advice
They're only trying to help
Angst with a Happy Ending
Anal Fisting
Dogs
Multiple Orgasms
Marriage Proposal
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Intercrural Sex
Thigh sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

