Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You’ve got to be kidding…”
Pepper frowned, scowling at the annoyed look on her boss’s face as he studied the display in front of him.
“What?”
“The tutor’s here.”
“Oh.” She leaned sideways so she could look over his shoulder at the display, as well, and saw that he was looking at the feed from the lobby of the tower. The receptionist desk, to be precise. “That’s your tutor?”
“It’s Karen’s tutor, yes,” he replied, not taking his eyes from the display. “Not mine.”
“Is he even old enough to be a tutor?” Pepper asked.
“Apparently he’s in college.”
“He looks like he’s twelve,” she commented. Then she frowned. “You haven’t met him?”
“No.” He shook his head. “Romanoff recommended him. She says he’s pretty smart.”
“How does she know him?” she asked, clearly surprised. “Is he a SHIELD agent?”
“He’s in college,” Stark said, again.
“He can’t be both?”
“No reason he would be,” Tony replied. “Not to mention, he wouldn’t have time to do both – and be a tutor.”
“So you haven’t met this guy, but you’re going to let him be alone with Karen?”
“It isn’t like they’re going out of the building,” he pointed out. “Besides, if he was a threat, Natasha never would have suggested him.”
Tony was protective of his daughter, but Romanoff and Nick were even worse than he was, sometimes.
Pepper shrugged and went back to her desk.
“We have a meeting in twenty minutes. Are you going to need longer than that?”
“Probably.” He shrugged. “I want to talk to him, first, and get a feel for him before I introduce him to her.
“Try not to scare him off,” she suggested.
“I’m not going to scare him off.”
“Right.”
He turned and headed for the door.
“If he’s too timid, then he can’t work with Karen.”
OOOOOOO
Tony Stark didn’t go to the lobby that often. True it was his name on the building, but that was all the more reason not to mingle with the little people, wasn’t it? If someone had a meeting with him, they came to his office, or to one of the conference rooms. Normally. This was a little different, though, because he wanted a chance to meet this Peter Parker before he introduced him to Karen, and he wanted a chance to walk and talk with him before that so he could decide if the guy was even what he was looking for – and to make sure he wasn’t a flake, or something. The last thing he needed was someone who was going to scream in excitement at meeting him and spend all the time he was supposed to be concentrating on Karen trying to ogle them much more famous Tony.
He walked out of the elevator and over to the desk, getting his first real look at the kid. And he definitely was a kid, as far as Tony was concerned. Young; maybe twenty – if that – and fresh-faced. Brown hair, pale skin, and lean. Dressed in jeans and a polo, most likely in deference to the fact that he was meeting Tony, yes, but also meeting a ten-year-old, and ten-year-olds don’t care about formal dress, now do they?
Parker was just pinning a temporary ID badge to his shirt when the billionaire walked up to him, and the young man smiled when he noticed him. He was trying to hide that he was excited to be meeting him, and was doing a fair job of it, Tony decided.
That was good.
“Mr. Parker.” He held out his hand, and the boy took it. “Nice to finally meet you.”
“Thank you, Mr. Stark. It’s an honor.”
“Yes.” He looked at the receptionist. “Is he good?”
“All set,” she confirmed.
“Walk with me, Mr. parker,” he said, already turning his back on them and heading for the elevator, leaving the younger man to hurry to catch up. “You understand the position I’m looking to fill?” he asked as the elevator door opened and they got into the car.
“Natasha said you’re wanting a tutor for your daughter.”
“Yes.” The door closed and he hit the appropriate button. “Karen is ten. She’s falling behind in her classes, and her therapist doesn’t seem to think that it’s psychological, so that means she’s having trouble with the work – or having trouble focusing enough to learn the material. What I’m looking for is someone who can teach her good study habits – early – and make sure to get her in line with the rest of the kids her age. Or advance her ahead of them, ideally.”
“She goes to private school?” Parker asked.
“She does. Only the best for her,” he added. “But, like I said, she isn’t keeping up.”
“It must be a lot of pressure,” the younger man said. “Trying to live up to being the daughter of Tony Stark.”
“That’s why she has a psychologist, Mr. Parker.”
“You can call me Peter,” the boy told him. “Do you have the curriculum from her school?”
“No. But I can get it for you, if you’d like.”
“It’d help to know where they expect her to be.”
“How long will this take?” Tony asked.
“Today?”
“No. Getting her up to speed.”
Parker smiled, and Tony realized that he had pretty eyes – and scowled at himself for thinking that.
“It would depend on her, I imagine,” Parker said. “Why don’t you give me a chance to meet her, and we can see if we’re compatible?”
Pleased at the assertiveness, and the fact
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Teacher Peter
Bottom Peter
Tony Stark is Iron Man
Peter parker is Spider-Man but not everyone knows it
tony is a father

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

