Work Text:
Natasha had "borrowed" Bucky, partly because she needed a sniper that did not have a magnetic attraction to dumpsters and mostly (Sam suspected) she wanted someone to sit in the back of sketch Russian cafes and silently consume pelmeni with. Also Bucky, as far as Sam had been able to tell, liked dressing like a Russian gangster, complete with aviators and loud prints. "Bucky's always had wild taste," said Steve."His sister saved his suit," said Sam flatly. "I saw it. It's navy blue serge. It's at the Smithsonian."Steve just looked at him and shook his head, slowly and sadly, as if mourning the ignorance of the rising generation. Anyway, so for a week Bucky and Natasha had been off being terrifying and broken people together and Sam and Steve had been rattling around the brownstone. It felt bizarrely empty considering that Bucky spent most of his time wedged into a sort of nest he had built himself in the attic, where he chewed his way through his daily allotment of protein cubes and read pulp novels, or following the patch of sun as it moved through the living room and glowering when Sam almost tripped on him and then made a pained involuntary sound at the sight of white dude penis. It was probably good for Steve.Sam was making chili for supper and Steve was hunched over his laptop, chuckling low and spiteful in his throat as he composed replies to conservative family groups inviting him to speak at their events."You're going to do something to your back," said Sam, sniffing at the steam rising from the pot. "You have a standing desk, why don't you use it?""'I would be happy to speak at your function if, of course, it is opened by a priest'," read Steve out loud. "I don't like the desk, it's too far away from everything.""What type of priest?" said Sam, briefly diverted, even as he promised himself another talk with Steve about his anxiety levels. Like, usually he was fine, and then he would turn around and either avoid people or be octoSteve, clinging with every sucker he had."I was thinking one that could say prayers in Latin, if they take me up on it," said Steve. "They think the Jesuits are going to produce the anti-Christ.""Jesus," said Sam, appalled, and then, "What if they find one?""I think they believe in the headship of men, so I should be fine if I ask for a female priest," said Steve. "What the fuck is wrong with people?" said Sam. "It's okay," said Steve. "They said I should do a talk about the differences between now and when I was born."Sam started to reply and was interrupted by a pounding on the door. Steve looked at him and tilted his head. Clint was, as far as they knew, safely in the hospital with Kate explaining to him with small words and diagrams why people who were pushing forty should not be attempting to slip the surly bonds of earth, and Sam's family rang the doorbell like civilized humans. Sam put the lid on the chili and went to the door. Steve followed a casual distance behind, hovering just close enough to a convenient pointy sculpture to grab it if he had to. They had a lot of pointy statues all around the house, because Natasha was justifiably paranoid and also loved hideous Brutalist shit, almost as much as she loved the way Steve reeled back from her latest finds like he smelled rotting dog poop. When Sam opened it, Tony Stark burst in, making a noise like an enraged weasel, and almost knocked Sam over."What the hell?" said Sam.Steve stepped away from the mosquito and relaxed a little. "BARTON," hissed Stark. "BARRRRTOOOOOOON." "What?" said Steve."He beat me!" screamed Tony, almost frothing at the mouth with rage. "Tony, I've told you before not to play poker with him," said Steve tiredly. "I know you can count cards but your poker face is for shit and he's ten times better at sleight of hand.""I don't care if he beats me at poker!" snarled Tony. He actually probably didn't; Clint had money in some mysterious way but he was a pauper compared to Tony, and Tony had an itchy wallet when it came to people he liked. Also he was extremely offended by Clint's flophouse in Bed-Stuy. Everybody was except Steve and Bucky, who thought that as decrepit apartment buildings went, it was at least ten times better than the one Bucky had bullied Steve out of after his mother died. "The asshole beat me at Prime/Not Prime!"There was a silence. Sam looked over at Steve, whose eyebrows were up and whose mouth was tucked up just slightly into a smile, like he wanted to laugh but was resisting."I don't even want to know how this even came up," said Sam finally. "I visited him in the hospital and I brought him new arrows out of the kindness of my heart," said Tony sullenly, "and he beat me. Me!"Sam pulled his phone out of his pocket and started Googling. "8,081," said Sam."Prime," said Steve, followed by Tony about five seconds later. "9,179.""Not prime." Steve was again a little faster, and Tony looked annoyed."104,911.""Prime," said Steve."What the fuck!" said Tony. "It's not that har
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
shit was fucked up man
howard stark was fucked up
onesided howard/steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

