Work Text:
On April 20th, Clint woke up to three immediately frustrating things:1. There was a ray of sunshine doing its level best to stab him right in the eyes.2. Phil was not in bed beside him, hadn’t been for the last thirteen days, and probably wouldn’t be for at least the next two weeks.3. His cell phone was telling him that it was Friiiiday, Friiiiiday, just like it did every Friday at seven in the morning, because Tony Stark could be a vengeful, ruthless human being.
 Clint wasn’t really into the whole ‘omens of misfortune’ thing and anyway this was pretty much a normal awakening for him, so mostly he vowed revenge on Stark, ticked off another day on his mental countdown, and rolled out of bed to start his morning. 

 // 

 Living in a mansion with the rest of the Avengers was … weird. Occasionally it felt depressingly familiar, but that was mostly when things were tense and everyone was either shouting or sulking. To be honest, the most surreal parts of Clint's day were likely to be six-hour movie marathons with the team, as opposed to various supervillain shenanigans. 

 Clint's morning routine, barring supervillains or Phil or general weirdness, involved a nice long run, a shower, three cups of coffee, and then breakfast of whatever Cap was making -- because Steve made actual delicious food in the morning, and bacon and eggs and fruit beat instant oatmeal any day, and Cap mostly left him alone to eat it. 

 When Phil was around, the chances that the routine would include a round of sleepy morning sex were vastly improved. 

 Today, however, there was no Phil, and when Clint got back from his shower he discovered no food, either -- just Steve, Thor and Bruce clustered around the coffee maker, which had no coffee in it. 

 "It was working yesterday," Bruce was saying. He poked at one of the complicated-looking button panels on the side. 

 “Perhaps if I -” Thor started, but was immediately cut off by the other two. 

 “Maybe Tony would know?” Steve said, doubtfully. 

 “Maybe JARVIS would know,” Bruce corrected. 

 Clint left them arguing mostly good-naturedly in the kitchen, although the newness of the team -- and the lack of caffeine -- meant there was a slightly cautious edge in all their voices. If he had alerted them to his presence, they would have said good morning and how are you and he would probably have been invited into their little baffled circle around the coffee maker, and maybe twenty minutes of Clint’s day would have been lost to what amounted to an impromptu team-bonding exercise. Twenty minutes was not so much, but his feet carried him quietly and safely away from the kitchen without much input from his brain. 

 The awareness that he found the mundane feel-good team stuff to be the most uncomfortable part might have actually been the worst thing about the whole living situation. It wasn’t exactly that it was a surprise, or anything, but when Clint joined the Avengers Initiative he really hadn’t expected to have his issues with people shoved in his face all the time, especially in the form of being prodded into making Jane a mixtape while Thor shouted, “It must be more epic!” in his ear. 

 This was usually the point where Clint thought, fucking self-reflection and went to toss stress balls at Phil’s head and watch him catch them without looking up from his paperwork (because the office is Not An Appropriate Place for Fraternization), but Phil wasn’t here and the idea of spending any time at all with any Avengers whatsoever was making something wild and skittery and desperate crawl under his skin. Clint was mostly only good at Phil -- he used to be good at Natasha, the past-tense “used to” being a small contributing factor in the ongoing saga of why he wasn’t so great about people in general, but he really was trying, and -- okay! Time was up. Fucking self-reflection. 

 He was about to break something expensive, and then maybe skip breakfast to shove his window open and see how hard it was to climb up to the roof using only one hand, when a voice said, “There’s an incoming message for you, Agent Barton. Shall I display on the nearest screen?” 

 “... JARVIS?” Clint said, carefully putting down the paper-thin vase that has been in this room since before he moved in. “Uh, sure. Who is it?” 

 “Director Fury, sir,” JARVIS said pleasantly, which served as a distinct counterpoint to Fury's face and voice. 

 "I know you have a history of being a dumbass," Fury said, not even bothering with a hello, "so here's a suggestion: don't." 

 "Okay?" Clint said. 

 "As of thirty minutes ago, Agent Coulson's status has been officially reported as going radio silent without prior agreement. I want to emphasize that this is not MIA -- we don't know whether he's gone quiet because someone's sitting on top of him and he’s waiting it out, or because he's in active danger. Trying to pull him out now could make matters worse for him, so until we have his location we are proceeding cautiously. Do you u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Background Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Time Loop
Groundhog Day
Teamwork!!

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Background Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

