Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The guards are never far behind. Like criminals, they are watched and it irritates them. It’s not because they misbehaved. It’s not because their parents fear assassination. No, what their parents fear is the claiming. Thor and Loki are both approaching their 500th birthdays. Though they are both men grown and have been in many battles together, fought with the army and earned the respect of many men, they are still seen by many as mere children for one simple reason. They have not yet had their first heat.                All Aesir suffer from heats. The Alphas, whose smell is musty and can be detected from miles away, are the strongest. Often referred to as the awakening, Alpha’s only go into heat once marking their entry into sexual maturity. Almost all of Asgard’s warriors are alphas. They have the most privileges and are most revered. The Beta’s heats, while musty are not powerful at all, and happen but a few times in their lives. Beyond the typical sweat and stink that follows a vigorous workout, their heats attract little attention. Likewise with the Gammas, whose scent is mildly sweet and gentle but not special. Lowest on the tier of society are the Omegas. Like the Alphas their scent can be smelled for miles, but where the Alphas are powerful in body, Omegas are fertile. Omegas are also the rarest. Their scent is like roses and lavender on an ocean breeze. Their otherwise fragile bodies are designed for childbearing and for that reason they are usually relegated to the home, where they can be kept secured and unsullied by covetous hands. Omegas have constant heat cycles marking their fertile periods.                The guards carry with them shackles and a chastity belt. Thor and Loki are both princes and Odin doesn’t want just anyone claiming them and mating them for life. There are long standing bets across Asgard as to what cast the princes will fall into. Nearly everyone assumes Thor will be an alpha, including Odin. The shackles are for him, just in case some alluring omega happens to go into heat nearby at the same time. Odin doesn’t want Thor inadvertently making some low bar wench the next Queen of Asgard.                The bets regarding Loki are far more varied. Many suspect he is an Omega, which if true makes him the most valuable prize in the kingdom. Whoever claims Loki will have dominion over the trickster, and though a Prince, he will be looked upon as someone’s personal fuck toy. Possessing him will raise the social standing of whoever becomes Loki’s Alpha. The chastity belt the guards carry is for him, just in case. There are those that speculate Loki might be a Gamma or Beta. No one thinks he’s an Alpha, not when they see him standing next to Thor. Odin doesn’t want just anyone claiming Loki either.                Like other people their age they do not understand what all the fuss is about. Neither Thor nor Loki has any interest in sex and they are often appalled by the behavior of people much older than them. For Loki all this is like a dark cloud hanging over his head. Every day he prays, let him be a Gamma or Beta.                “Brother! Let’s practice our axe throwing today.” Thor calls to Loki from across the field. Thor has defeated another man in the ring and he is anxious for something new and interesting to do. Loki rolls his eyes but he obliges his brother. Loki kind of likes axe throwing.                Thor picks up an axe and throws it at the post and just misses it. Loki smirks. He picks up the next axe and hurls it at the same post and hits it perfectly.                “You don’t have to be so smug about it.” Thor says.                “Oh-Ho! Is that so Mr. God of Thunder?” Loki does a mocking parody of Thor’s swagger. Thor picks up another axe and hurls it at the post, missing it again. Loki claps sarcastically.                “Mjolnir is making you lazy. Simple axes do not interpret your intensions like the magic hammer does, Thor.” Loki scolds him. Thor means to make some witty comeback when a scream rings out on the other side of the field.                “You smell that?” Thor says quietly.                “How could I not?” Loki’s voice is small with fear. Alphas around the field swarm to the source of the heavenly aroma.                “Please! Don’t hurt me!” A woman screams. She is sitting in a heap, drenched in sweat. Her eyes are full of fear and need. Drawn to the scent of so many Alphas gathered in one place, her instincts told her to come here and seek a mate. Warriors begin an all-out brawl that carries on for well over an hour. At the end of the fight the blood soaked victor scoops up the woman and tosses her over his shoulders like a sack of potatoes. The defeated men limp and drag their bodies upright, muttering as they leave.                “Lucky bastard! I almost had him!”                “She was a beauty, that one. Did you see the mouth on her?”                “I hope he makes her put on a show for us when he is don
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Omegaverse
Omega Loki
Alpha Thor
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Loki Angst
Protective Thor
Thor Is a Good Bro
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Feels

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

