Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Steve had never been this stressed out in his whole life. Sure, he could take on a pack of lions, swim with the sharks, climb Mount Everest or Mt. Kilimanjaro, but nothing could make him stress out more than planning his wedding. His own fucking wedding. It was only one month until his wedding. They would hold the ceremony at the Riviera Country Club. It will a huge event, because well, he was a famous artist/photographer and his fiancée, Sharon Carter, was a daughter to one of the most powerful people in California. Her parents bought a lot of his arts and introduced him to her. Everything went very well between them. They dated for 2 years and he proposed to her 6 months ago.Of course, he didn’t want a big ceremony with at least six hundred guests. He wanted a quiet wedding with only close friends and family, but given that Sharon’s family knew a lot of people, a small wedding would have humiliated them (as her father stated frankly).So for the past six months, Steve had been surrounded by everything related to the wedding. The day after he proposed to her, Sharon went into full wedding planner mode. She could have the wedding the way she wanted because, well, her parents were rich and told their daughter to spare no expense. Once the news was out to the public, there was paparazzi everywhere.“Steven, what do you think about holding an auction for the reporters to bid for the right to get an exclusive news report of our wedding?” Sharon asked him when she came home two days after the news came out, “The highest bidder would get into our wedding, taking photos of us. We can donate the money to charity.”Steve was in his art studio, working on his new project and was covered in paint.“I don’t know. I kinda want a small wedding and maintain our privacy.” He said.“I will tell them that we need more time to think about this then.” Sharon concluded.“Yeah.” Steve agreed and put his attention back to work.“You seem to not be interested in helping planning the wedding.”He turned back to her and put his brush down. “Sharon, you can have the wedding the way you want, my love but I only ask you one thing that the wedding should be a small and private and only the people we care could attend it.” He said and stepped closer to his fiancée, “I love you and I want you to be happy so I’m okay with everything you decide for the wedding.” Sharon cracked a smile and leaned up to kiss him. His hands went to her hips and pulled her closer, forgetting that he was covered in acrylic paint.“Aww, my Prada suit.” She groaned against his lips but Steve didn’t care and continued to kiss her passionately.Sharon pulled away and smiled seductively at Steve, “I will take a shower now, lover boy, and you will join me.”“Yes, ma’am.”  Everything was perfect to be honest. Everything between Sharon and Steve was simple and they understood each other. They were quite mature with their relationship. Compromising was their main principle. They were willing to bend so everyone could get what they wanted and it worked out well.Sharon was helping her father run the biggest real estate company on the West Coast. Her work required a lot of travel but Steve wasn’t complaining about it because he could fly to Seattle with her. He was an artist/photographer which he had to travel a lot too. If he didn’t travel, he would stay at his home in LA and create masterpieces that everyone was dying to buy from him with crazy amounts of money.The only two downsides of this relationship were, first, Sharon wasn’t interested in arts, any kind and any form of it. She loved numbers, charts, statistics, and everything that could be predicted but she didn’t mind her fiancé’s line of work. The second thing was her parents. They were his patron (which Steve was eternally grateful for their support) but they were strict and quite controlling.Steve and Sharon had a brunch with her parents at the Beverly Hills hotel to discuss the wedding. They wanted to fully be a part of every decision and help the couple every step of the way. Steve couldn’t say anything in this matter, well, because they paid for everything.“So we decided to invite everyone that we know to this wedding.” Marshall Carter spoke up, “We compiled the list of guest for you guys. It is about 400 people now.”Steve almost splattered his coffee out when he heard the number of people who will attending his wedding.“Everyone wants to be a part of this and Sharon is our only daughter so we kinda want to make it as big and extravagant as we could.” Janet Carter added.Steve could feel his stress rising inside his body and Sharon noticed it too.“But sir…” Steve was about to protest but Sharon put her hand on his to stop him.“Daddy, we will discuss about the number of guests later, okay? Do not send out any invitations yet.” Sharon sweetly asked.“Of course, dear.” Marshall replied before turning to Steve, “What were you about to say, Steve?”“Do you think that it’s a bit…too many
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Artist Steve Rogers
Stripper Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Romance
Cunnilingus
Vaginal Fingering
Bath Sex
Edible Body Paint
Oral Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Friends to Lovers
Bathroom Sex
Bedroom Sex
Sexual Tension
Protective Steve Rogers
Laser Tag
Awkward Kissing
Dirty Thoughts
Excessive use of the word Bae
Jealousy
Misunderstandings
Dry Humping
Masturbation
Masturbation in Shower
Masturbation in Bathroom
Semi-Public Sex
Public Sex
Public Display of Affection
Fantasizing
aquariums sex
Dirty Talk
Drunk Sex
Orgasm Denial
Fingering In Public
Dream Sex
Wet Dream
Exhibitionism
Kink
Dom! Steve
Porn With Plot
possessive!Steve
Drinking Games
Licking Abs
Sexual Fantasy
After care
fitting room sex
Nightmares
Protective Natasha Romanov
Wall Sex
Floor Sex
natasha is kinky as fuck
but Steve is kinkier as fuck
Blow Jobs
Morning Cuddles
Voice Kink
Blow Jobs in a Car
Come Swallowing
Car Sex
Kink Negotiation
Consensual Kink
Consent
BDSM
Impregnation Kink
Couch Sex
Table Sex
Door Sex
Pool Sex
jacuzzi sex
Skinny Dipping
Mirror Sex
Bondage
Light Bondage
Light Dom/sub
Shower Sex
Kitchen Sex
Beard Burn
Window Sex
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Sexting
dirty picture
Webcam/Video Chat Sex
Dildos
Voyeurism
hard on in public
Dom! Natasha
fem dom
face riding
Face Slapping
Handcuffs
delayed gratification
Blindfolds
Restraints
Closet Sex
Food Sex
Food Porn
Fondue
Sex and Chocolate
Chocolate Syrup
Anal Sex
Anal
Pain
Angst
Depression

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

