Chapter 1





Chapter Text
If Tony Stark were the type of person to follow protocol, he would have submitted regularly-timed status reports on the development of his new bug. (Or, as S.H.I.E.L.D. would call it, his new remote-controlled covert listening device with video capabilities.)
As it was, Tony kept his records between himself and JARVIS, and field-tested the bug by dropping it onto Loki's cloak mid-fight. There was always the possibility that the Avengers would win and all Tony would get was sound and footage of a S.H.I.E.L.D. holding cell, but Loki did not disappoint. He ran circles around the Avengers, as usual, riling up Thor before escaping via teleportation.
It took every ounce of self restraint Tony had to contain his grin during the post-battle debriefing. He unleashed it the second he made it out of the meeting and back into his workshop, where he could check on his bug in peace.
"Everything running smoothly, JARVIS?" Tony said, practically bouncing into the chair in front of his workstation.
"The bug has been successfully deployed and remains undetected by the subject."
"We got video?"
"Two hours, forty-two minutes, thirty-seven seconds and counting."
"Anything interesting?"
"I'd rather let you be the judge of that, sir."
"Good answer." Tony snapped his fingers. "Roll it."
Videos opened up on two of the monitors in front of him; one live feed, and one of previously recorded footage. A quick glance at the live feed revealed what looked like an empty kitchen, small yet stylish, full of granite countertops and stainless-steel appliances. Not too different from what Tony had in most of his houses.
Tony looked over to the recording, which started from the moment the bug had been deployed on Loki's cape. It was dizzying to watch, with flashes of green as Loki's cloak billowed in front of the lens and completely random changes of scenery when he teleported.
"Fast-forward," said Tony, sitting back in his seat to watch the blur for anything interesting.
The battle with the Avengers ended, but Loki continued teleporting around for the better part of twenty minutes before arriving at his destination: the kitchen from the live feed. The bug dropped off his cloak and scurried across the floor and up the wall, nestling itself in a corner of the ceiling. With the video still on fast-forward, Loki zipped around his apartment at lightning speeds, which was funny, but not quite what Tony wanted.
"Resume normal playback," said Tony.
Loki abruptly slowed to his normal stride, re-entering the kitchen after shedding his armor off-screen and changing into t-shirt and slacks. He sat at his table in a comfortable slouch, raised one arm in the air, and made a twisting motion with his fingers. A second Loki materialized standing behind him, identical down to every last wrinkle in his t-shirt, and stepped forward, looking down at Loki with a casual curiosity.
"Pause!" said Tony. "JARVIS, isolate the last ten seconds of footage and copy to new folder labeled 'Magical Analysis'."
"Yes, sir."
"Resume normal playback."
Loki reached up and grabbed the clone's jaw in his hands, locking eyes with it.
"You," he told the clone, "are magnificent."
The clone went from wide-eyed surprise to a wicked grin.
"No, really!" said Loki, practically cooing his compliments. "You are!"
The clone chuckled. Loki released it and tipped his seat back, gracefully balancing the chair on two legs. The clone took a seat next to Loki and leaned forward, propping its chin up on steepled fingers. It listened intently as Loki launched into a play-by-play account of his fight with the Avengers. It was the perfect audience, laughing and gasping at all the right intervals.
Tony, meanwhile, stared at the screen, mouth twisted to one side in confusion. Whatever he'd been expecting Loki to do in his spare time, this wasn't it.
Also, he was pretty sure Loki was exaggerating some of the details in his story, particularly when it came to how quickly and soundly he had defeated the Avengers. It hadn't exactly been the superhero team's proudest moment, but come on. They'd landed a few good hits. The least Loki could do was–
Tony's train of thought was interrupted by a clattering sound from the live feed.
"Pause." He swiveled his chair to face the other monitor, where a slightly-rumpled Loki pressed the start button on a coffee maker almost as fancy as Tony's own. Tony waited for something more to happen, but Loki continued to stand at his kitchen counter, watching his beverage brew.
Just as Tony was about to give up on his live surveillance and go back to Storytime with the God of Lies, Loki's clone, now shirtless, stepped into the kitchen. It put a hand on Loki's shoulder, spun him around, and caught his lips in a hungry kiss.
Tony's jaw dropped.
Loki pulled away and smiled indulgently at his doppelganger, who responded by running a long-fingered hand through his hair and planting further kisses on his slender neck. Loki licked his lips, and the clone dropped t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Loki/Loki

freeform: 
dub-con
Voyeurism
Masturbation
Threesome - M/M/M
Self-Harm
THIS IS NOT WHAT A HEALTHY RELATIONSHIP LOOKS LIKE
Breathplay
erotic asphyxiation

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Loki/Loki

