Work Text:
Loki circles around you, each footfall belying a feral grace that has your folds beginning to swell just by watching.  The gait speaks of tightly controlled power, restrained only by his will.  You are drawn to that power, that grace, even though he hasn't said a word yet.  He stops in front of you, kneeling naked on his floor with your hands bound behind you in green silk.  You press your legs together, hoping he doesn’t notice."They say a slut always know her true master," he muses.  His fingers brush a lock of hair back over your ear, the gesture strangely tender.  There is nothing tender about the way he grasps your chin, pulling up so that you meet his hard green eyes.  "And you are quite the slut, aren't you?"He leans down, his mouth right next to your ear.  "I can see it in your eyes.  The desire to be... ridden.  To be broken.  Fucked until you're sweat-soaked and sodden with your own come, begging for just... one... more."  His teeth sink into your earlobe, forcing a pained whimper from your mouth.  "You want to dance on the edge of pain, take pleasure from it.  You need it.  You need me to do that for you, to you.  You need to call me Master, don't you?"Long fingers dance over your neck and shoulders, caressing, tickling.  He walks behind you again, trailing his touch across your bare back, sweeping your hair ahead of him.  He hums a bit and you imagine him looking at you in appraisal, trying to decide if you are worth the time.  When he moves back in front of you, you can’t meet his eyes, instead dropping your gaze to his boots, the shiny dark leather reflecting the light.Loki’s fingers twist in your hair and with a sharp yank, he pulls your head back on your neck.  You have no choice but to stare into his eyes, impossibly green and deep and seething with impatience."Answer me, pet,""Y-yes, Master,” you whisper, shivering under his gaze."Oh good girl," he purrs.  With his hand still tangled in your hair, he brings your face to the growing bulge in his pants.  He rubs your cheek against the leather, buttery soft and fragrant, but you are far more interested in what’s under the material.  You can feel his cock hardening as he grinds into your face and you let out a low moan of need.  "There are so many things I can do with a wanton little slut like you...  Tell me, pet, what is a slut like you for?" he asks from above you, his breathing heavier, faster.A million answers dance through your mind- take me, bend me over and use me, let me go, fuck me until I break, make it hurt- but you can’t decide on what to say.  You can feel the change in his stance, his muscles shifting in preparation, but with your hands bound and his grip in your hair, there is nothing you can do.  He flings you to your back, away from him, disappointment clear on his face.  He steps close to your sprawled form and your eyes fly wide as the toe of his boot nudges between your legs.  You try to close them, but he only presses harder, the pressure sweet torment against your clit.  Your hips buck up by instinct, seeking more, the hard surface quickly slick and slippery from your arousal and you moan in delight.  Loki pulls his foot back and glances down at the wet spot on the black leather, shaking his head in dismay although his lips curl up in a wicked grin."Can't say the words yet, pet?  That's fine... I'll have you broken and begging them by the end of the night.  I have all the evidence I need that you are nothing but a fucktoy, through and through."  He puts his foot down just in front of your eyes.  “See that?  You've shown your true colors.  So desperate to come, you’d ride my boot.  You can smell yourself on it, can’t you?  Smell the mixture of leather and slut you’ve created.”  He pushes his foot forward, until you’re cross-eyed, still staring.  HIs voice is a low growl when he speaks again.  “Lick it off, pet.”You jerk back, shaking your head, hoping he can't tell how the thought makes your clit throb for attention even as your mind rebels.“I said, ‘lick it off, pet.’  Lick off the mess your wet whore cunt left on my boot.  We both know you want to.  We both know you will.  Don't waste my time."You stick your tongue out, tentative, trembling.  The combination of earthy, bitter leather and musky, tangy arousal floods your senses,  You are dizzy with it, laving your tongue over his boot, until all traces of musk and tang are gone.  With each lick, you fall further and further into his role for you, accepting your place.  This is where you want to be.  You clench your legs together, trying to soothe the empty ache between them.“Very good, pet, well done,” Loki murmurs, crouching down and pulling you back to your knees.He leans close, his face barely an inch from yours.  He doesn’t need to hold your hair this time.  The lingering taste of leather in your mouth keeps your eyes on his, intense and dark."Now that we’ve shown how desperate a cunt you truly are, I’m going to explain the rules.  You are here for my pleas
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Dom/sub Undertones
Dom!Loki
Avengers!Loki
Magic
Bondage
Bondage and Discipline
Rough Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Vaginal Sex
Rough Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Anal Sex
Rough Body Play
Anal Fingering
Forced Orgasm
Multiple Orgasms
Spanking
Pussy Spanking
Sexual Slavery
Dirty Talk
No Safeword
Objectification
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Humiliation

fandom: 
Loki/Reader

