Chapter 1



Notes:
i wrote this in the middle of a mental breakdown so have fun :)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Stephen Strange had accomplished many things in his 42 years of life. He used to be a surgeon, invented a laminectomy procedure, and he was the former Sorcerer Supreme (he noticed that most of these events didn't apply to him anymore. He’d worry about that another day.) 
 
After everything he's done, he was stuck with cleaning duty. 
 
It was completely unjust. The Macchina di Kadavus had mysteriously gone missing while he was in the New York Sanctum. No matter how hard Stephen looked, he couldn’t find it. The entire situation confounded him. His senses were impeccable and he would have known if someone broke into the Sanctum and stole something 

while he was there

. It felt like an insult to him. When he explained this to Wong, he just shook his head and asked him if he remembered everything that happened that day. 
 
That had pissed Stephen off even more. He had a photographic memory, of course, he remembered what happened! If anything, the whole situation was partially Wong’s fault. He should’ve been there with him. Wong himself admitted that he didn’t know why he went back to Kamar-Taj when he was supposed to help Stephen with the blizzard that had blown in from the Rotunda of Gateways. Stephen must have overstepped boundaries with that outburst because now he was polishing the Cloak of Levitation's display case.
 
The cloak in question followed him around, mimicking his movements. Stephen turned around and gave it an irritated look. 
 
“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”
 
This was the worst. 
 
Part of the cuff folded. The sorcerer could picture a faceless person smirking at him. It gave off a self-righteous aura as if saying, “You deserve this.” 
 
Strange groaned. He didn’t have anything to do with the Macchina going missing, but he

 was

 a bit of an ass to Wong. 
 
“Do you have any clue where it is?” 
 
As ridiculous as Strange felt asking an inanimate object to help him find something like Dora, he needed all the help he could get. The cloak just shrugged. 
 
Stephen sighed. He didn’t know what he was expecting. Now that he thought about it, the day that he looked over the Sanctum felt foggy in his brain. He didn’t want to admit to it earlier because honestly, it scared him. He had no idea what it meant. He did feel upset whenever he thought of that day. Stephen thought it was because he lost the relic, but he had a feeling that it was deeper than that. 
 
He heard someone clearing their throat behind him. The man swiveled around and came face to face with Wong’s emotionless expression. 
 
“Uh—”
 
“What are you doing?”
 
Strange gestured vaguely towards the glass case. “Cleaning?”
 
Wong glanced at the smudges. 
 
“You’re doing a great job.”
 
Stephen scoffed. “Listen, I just— wait a second, did you make a joke?”
 
Wong seemed a bit caught off guard. He opened his mouth to make a retort but closed it. “There’s a problem. Kamar-Taj was raided. A few things were stolen.”
 
Stephen gaped. There were multiple brilliant sorcerers in training at Kamar-Taj. Who could have the power to get past 

all 

of them? “What did they take?”
 
“A few relics and,” Wong hesitated, “the Book of Cagliostro was stolen from the library. No one saw a thing. It was like the thief was blending in with the shadows.”
 
“Why did you come to me? If you felt comfortable enough to leave me polishing the artifacts, you could probably do fine without me,” replied Strange bitterly. Okay, maybe this was a big problem that involved him, but he was feeling resentful. Sue him!
 
Wong regarded him with an ugly look. “Strange, don’t you understand the gravity of the situation?”
 
Stephen looked the other sorcerer directly in the eyes. “Oh, I understand perfectly. With all of the pages, the person could make the whole Dormammu situation seem like a street fight.”
 
Wong raised an eyebrow at the simile but decided not to question it. “Precisely. Luckily for us — and the universe — I know a way to track down one of the relics once it’s activated.”
 
“And you need my help to fight the guys,” the doctor finished for him. Wong nodded. Stephen and Wong had a rocky friendship, but their arguments never lasted too long. Wong had come to him for help, and he wasn’t going to let his friend down. 
 
“Alright, let’s Scooby-Doo this shit.”
 
Wong was halfway out of the room when he swiveled around. “Excuse me?”
 
Stephen faltered. “Uh, it was to add emphasis—”
 
“For both of our sakes, please never say that ever again."
  
  
Stephen was at Kamar-Taj, practicing spells. He was trying to fine-tune his abilities. Stephen was pretty confident with his abilities, but if the thief managed to get past the Masters of the Mystical Arts, they were a serious threat. 
 
Stephen was just in the middle of practicing the Shield of the Seraphim when he saw the familiar orange sparks of a port
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Stephen Strange & Wong
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Peter Parker is a Mess
Hurt Peter Parker
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
no beta we die like
uh
youll see ig
The Cloak of Leviation Being Awesome
kinda based off leaked multiverse of madness stuff
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange & Wong Friendship
Hurt Stephen Strange
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Stephen Strange Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
kind of
he's more like a grumpy uncle
Injured Peter Parker
BAMF Peter Parker
Peter Parker has ADHD
Peter Parker has PTSD
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
BAMF Stephen Strange
starkers begone!!
NOT stephen/peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Stephen Strange & Wong
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

