Chapter 1: Tony Fucking Stark
    


Notes:
English isn’t my primary language, keep that in mind. Someone told me he would like to see Superior Iron Man in my fics, but that wouldn’t really work with those stories, so… here we are.Okay, that’s an overstatement. I just got high and listened to very strange music and somehow got into the mood to do this. Tony isn’t going to be a villain, he is just done playing around.I also watched the new Dr. Strange trailer and that passage with the Ultron Sentries and Illuminati teaser turned me on. (In a sense, not literally lol)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Many things happened during these past six months. 

 “Anthony Edward Stark, 39 and Robert Bruce Banner, 41, created a real-life version of Skynet called Ultron. 

 The Rogue AI called Ultron is responsible for multiple assaults, property damage, deaths, theft, destruction of city in Sokovia and attempted genocide. 

 Both Stark and Banner were cleared of all charges and responsibilities from Ultron’s creation by UN, as it was revealed by camera footage from Former Avengers Tower and Prince Thor Odinson of Asgard, that Ultron came from alien artifact, called The Scepter. 

 Banner himself wasn’t present for the trial, as he vanished after Battle of Sokovia. Neither the members of The Avengers came to defend their teammates, with the exception of Thor of course.  

 One week after that, Tony Stark officially resigned from the Avengers, along with Clint Barton, 37, codenamed Hawkeye, both officially retiring from superhero lifestyle.  

 That retirement didn’t last long for Stark, as he started operating as Iron Man again, only one month later, but this time, he is flying mostly solo. 

Nobody saw him outside the Suit for almost two weeks and some are even theorizing, that it isn’t really him in that Armor, but there were no official statements from Stark himself, or his former girlfriend and CEO of Stark Industries, Virginia P. Potts.

 The Avengers were also asked to comment on this topic, but Natasha Romanoff, 32, alias Black Widow firmly dodged this topic, saying that Stark is a free spirited man and just likes to fly around the city. 

 People aren’t really believing this statement, as it was revealed by Dr. Helen Cho, former Avengers Initiative employee, that The Avengers weren’t really as close as they present themselves in media, and that Tony Stark was just friends with Dr. Banner-“ 

“Friday?” Tony calls out to his new AI, siting in a dark room and slowly drinking scotch. “Be a dear and turn it off please.”

“As you wish.” Friday softly responds with her Irish accent, making his lips twitch a little.

The Avengers wanted Friday bounded, so she wouldn’t turn to another Ultron and they wouldn’t take “No” for an answer, but Tony simply couldn’t do it to her.

 So he lied, simple as that.  

Not that he cares about their opinion anymore, since they practically threw him to the wolfs and washed their hands off him. 

 Nah, who is he lying to…

It hurt his feelings. It hurt, because he let them all in. He believed that they could be a family, but that clearly wasn’t the case. At least not with him as a member of the family. 

Silently, he wonders why he even continues to pay for them. It’s not like he has any profit of them and he surely isn’t a fucking charity. 

Another thing that’s bothering him is his own personal life. Pepper broke up with him, she couldn’t stand him being Iron Man and he gets it. 

He tried to stop and retire for her, but he simply can’t. The old Tony Stark died in caves of Afghanistan and Iron Man was born from his, and Yinsen’s ashes.

 When the fuck did he become so soft? 

He burned those fuckers who killed Yinsen and tortured him to the ground and didn’t even blink.

 He enjoyed it. 

He enjoyed the feeling of power and that’s why he continued using the suit, after his original mission of ridding the world of his illegally sold weapons was complete.

 He doesn’t feel powerful anymore… 

His body is damaged, scarred and will never really heal. His lung capacity is beyond optimal and age is quickly caching up to him. 

 What happened to him?  

He used to be somebody. He used to be a freaking player. A playboy, and he can’t even remember the last time he got laid, or had simple fun in the city! 

It honestly makes him want to scream, yell, maybe even shoot something or someone. 

His hands even shake now, which is a result of a fucking city, exploding in his face.

“This won’t work…” Tony whispers to himself, glaring at his shaking hand as he takes one last sip of his scotch and stands up. 

He doesn’t live in the Tower anymore, there is too many ghost in there for his liking, so he bought a new, large penthouse in the city and lives alone with his Bots and Friday.

 And he is completely fine with that. 

He walks into his new personal lab and snaps his fingers together two times, lighting up the room.

Tony was originally playing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Friday & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ultron
Tony Stark & You (Iron Man movies)
Dummy (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Emma Frost & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Extremis Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Superior Iron Man
Morally Grey Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Flirty Tony Stark
Shameless Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Not Natasha Romanoff Friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
Not Sam Wilson Friendly
Friday is Tony’s Daughter
You is Tony’s Daughter
Dum-E is Tony’s son
Wanda Maximoff isn’t a Kid
Tony Stark & Emma Frost Friendship
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark Friendship
Peggy Carter is Tony Stark's Godparent
Not Steve Rogers Friendly

fandom: 
Friday & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ultron
Tony Stark & You (Iron Man movies)
Dummy (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Emma Frost & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

