Chapter 1: An Unstable Soldier
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Cold emerald eyes stared at the sniveling man, not flinching as a flash of magic sliced through the man's neck, decapitating him cleanly.His first kill. And he didn't feel a thing.A grim silence followed, spreading through the room ominously. Only to be soon broken by the slow sound of clapping that echoed across the blank room."Well done, Harry." The voice was warm and sweet as honey, in stark contrast to the chilling hand that came to rest upon his shoulder. "Very well indeed."The seven year old boy finally turned from the headless body, his stone cold eyes moving from the dripping fountain of blood to the man beside him."Hail hydra." He intoned with a nod, and his... handler, returned it with a smile.Moments later he was sent back to his room, his job done with the same perfection as always.The room was pure white; the walls, the floor, the ceiling...he might as well be in the middle of nowhere. Even the lone wooden door was painted white.And there was not a single thing present in the room save for a blanket and a small pillow, both, or course, white.Harry didn't complain. He couldn't, really. For the only place with a sliver of privacy for him was under it.Soon, he was lying under the blanket, making sure to cover his head completely. Then, and only then, did he allow his Gamer's mind to deactivate.
[Gamer's Mind: Deactivated]
A torrent of emotions assulted him the next second. His heart clenched with hollowness as he replayed the memory of his first kill in his mind again and again.He understood death. The finality of ending a life was not lost on him. Hydra made sure he knew exactly what he was doing when he ended the man's life. His handler had given him the task to familiarise himself with the man on a personal level for an entire week.Only when he understood exactly what he was doing, was he finally ordered to kill.The pain, the grief, the hatred and anger, the disgust that followed...It was amazing. The rush of chaos spreading through his mind.Harry absolutely loved it. It was the only thing that made him feel alive anymore.He would keep the gamer's mind on for a long period of time, doing the horrible things he was ordered to do with not a single flinch, and when he was finally in the only spot of privacy available to him, he would let lose.And the tornado of emotions that always followed...they were wonderful. Breathtaking. Even if they caused him the world of pain, made him curse his life...He still enjoyed them.Lying under the darkness of his blanket, with the whirlwind of emotions as company. It made him feel...not alone. It was his brief break from reality. Dark and exciting.Unfortunately, they never lasted long. Even with the gamer's mind shut off, the Hydra had done an excellent job in not just suppressing his emotions, but also eliminating them.Logical thinking was deeply ingrained in Harry's mind. Cold and calculating, brutal in it's efficiency, his mind was trained to eliminate weakness such as emotions...unless they benifited him in some way. The Gamer's mind was the only thing that saved even a semblance of his former self.Still, they never stayed for long.And when his emotions left him alone again, hollow and spent, he simply opened his status to pass the time till his sleep caught up to him.'Status'
Harry Potter

Age: 7

Race: Wizard

Level: 10

Mana: 170/170

Health: 100/100

Stamina: 80/80

Stats

Strength: 7

Speed: 8

Dexterity: 8

Vitality: 7

Endurance: 7

Intelligence: 17

Wisdom: 16

Points: 10
He'd just grown a level, finally hitting lvl 10. Most likely from killing the man..It wasn't much, but it was a start. From what he'd observed, most of the muscled bodyguards were around Lvl 15-25. And the highest being he had ever 'observed' was Lvl 50...but that was the winter Soldier. He was in a league of his own.Harry wasn't Powerful, he knew. Not in the sense the winter Soldier was. Highly skilled? Yes. But powerful? No. He was simply too young for that. He couldn't bend steel like he had seen the Soldier do. Couldn't run at 30-40 miles per hour. But what Harry did have, was his skills and his magical abilities.And of course, his beloved system that made him a gamer.
Skills:

Combat Skills–

Unarmed Combat (Lvl 51)

Melee Combat (Lvl 65)

Marksmanship (Lvl 68)

Magical Skills–

Mana Manipulation (Lvl 30)

Linguistic Skills–

English (Lvl 70)

Sign Language (Lvl 48)

Other Skills–

Swimming (Lvl 30)

Acting (Lvl 38)

Sneaking (Lvl 55)

Information Gathering (Lvl 47)
He still had a long way to go according to his system, but he was already considered one of the best marksman in this entire facility. Atleast with a handgun. He could only conclude that his system had some higher standards.Harry had no doubts that one day he will surpass even the winter Soldier. It was simply logical. The system was all he needed to be powerful. It enabled him to progress at a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Harry Potter/Multi
Fleur Delacour/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/many more undecided

freeform: 
Multiple Partners
Explicit Sexual Content
Incest
Dark Harry Potter
Amoral Harry Potter
Crossposted from FF.

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Harry Potter/Multi
Fleur Delacour/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/many more undecided

