Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
PrologueIt would have been a cute meeting even without the media involvement.Steve went to the Strand Bookstore because it was something that had been around when he had first lived in New York and it felt a bit like home. And they had an amazing selection of rare and used books. He was in the middle of perusing a book about Malcolm X when his phone went off. It was a message from Clint summoning him back to the tower immediately.Darcy, on the other hand, was on her way to the Strand to spend her last free hours of freedom (before starting her job at the tower the next day) at the famous bookstore she had heard so much about. After relocating to New York, finding an apartment and starting her Master’s at Columbia University, Darcy was looking for a bit of break.They both reached the door at the same moment and ran into each other. Darcy’s purse fell to the floor with half of its contents falling out. She wobbled for a moment, trying to regain her footing, until two arms caught her at the waist and she placed her hand on said arms to steady herself. They remained interlocked for a few seconds, just looking at each other and then gingerly released each other.“I’m so sorry,” they both said immediately, bending down to retrieve the fallen items from the floor.“I think this is yours,” Steve said, placing the iPod into her hands.“Thanks,” she smiled up at him.“I hope it’s not broken…”“Trust me, it’s had worse.”“Are you all right?” he asked, looking at her face searchingly and then realised that he was still holding her hand. He promptly let go.“Yup, takes a bit more than a collision with a very muscled chest to break me.”He grinned at her comment and opened his mouth as if to respond, when his phone started ringing again, the caller ID indicating that it was Tony.“Sorry, I really have to take this.”“Don’t let me keep you.”He went outside and spoke in very clipped tones walking quickly down the sidewalk and out of her sight while she looked after him for a moment and then went inside the store.So they both went their separate ways. The next day Darcy might have told Jane about her meeting with the totally cute and polite guy at the bookstore but would have quickly forgotten about it. Steve might have remembered the brunette with the blue eyes for a few more hours until his search mission required all of his attention. They both would have laughed about it weeks later when Steve would return from his overseas assignment and turn out to be said mystery bookshop guy.But as it were: Neither of them could guess that Owen Mills, intern at the Daily Ledger, who had caught the whole exchange on camera, was ready for his first big scoop.The entry on the newspaper’s website less than two hours later with embedded grainy pictures of Captain America holding hands and being generally very touchy-feely with a mystery brunette read as follows:



Captain caught canoodling with captivatingly beautiful brunette!


Intrepid Daily Ledger reporters caught our notoriously camera shy superhero out and about with a mystery brunette in tow! It’s good to know that he has found time from his saving the world adventures and gotten himself a real life girlfriend. Official statements on their relationship status are of course as of yet unavailable. But seeing these two in a loving embrace, it’s clear that we will see a lot more from them in the future.
So fate had already conspired against them once, it seemed. It further added to the conspiracy, because all the celebrities that were usually good for a scandal or two must have simultaneously gone on holiday. There were no unexpected divorces, no surprise pregnancies, no cheating scandals, no alcohol excesses or drug stories to report. There was nothing to take away the spotlight. So the unexpected story about Captain America’s love life was taken up by all the major news outlets.Editors began to scramble, photos of Captain America were taken from the archives, the historical knowledge about America’s favourite superhero was freshened up and when the name of the lady love was finally revealed, the hunt for the perfect nickname for the two lovebirds began in earnest.And when Darcy Lewis looked at her phone the next morning, she had 173 new friend requests and 68 missed messages.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Celebrity culture
Paparazzi
Media Circus
Fake/Pretend Relationship
there's a thin line between love and hate
inspired by classical literature
yes I took cues from Shakespeare and Jane Austen
there are gratuitous references too
I’m not even sorry for this
they are probably rolling in their graves as you read this
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

