Chapter 1: part one
    




Chapter Text


Johnny, the kitchen sink has been clogged for days, some utensil probably fell down there.
And the Drano won't work but smells dangerous, and the crusty dishes have piled up

waiting for the plumber I still haven't called. This is the everyday we spoke of.
It's winter again: the sky's a deep, headstrong blue, and the sunlight pours through


the open living-room windows because the heat's on too high in here and I can't turn it off.
For weeks now, driving, or dropping a bag of groceries in the street, the bag breaking,


I've been thinking: This is what the living do. And yesterday, hurrying along those
wobbly bricks in the Cambridge sidewalk, spilling my coffee down my wrist and sleeve,


I thought it again, and again later, when buying a hairbrush: This is it.
Parking. Slamming the car door shut in the cold. What you called that yearning.


What you finally gave up. We want the spring to come and the winter to pass. We want
whoever to call or not call, a letter, a kiss--we want more and more and then more of it.


But there are moments, walking, when I catch a glimpse of myself in the window glass,
say, the window of the corner video store, and I'm gripped by a cherishing so deep


for my own blowing hair, chapped face, and unbuttoned coat that I'm speechless:
I am living. I remember you.

-- “What the Living Do,” by Marie Howe

part one
Indiana in the winter was not a nice place to be.It was barren, desolate, ugly; it was just long stretches of snow-dotted fields, empty except for the sheared-down dead stalks of corn, occasionally the smell of pig shit. Flat, unmemorable in just about every way. Sometimes houses, but mostly the sort of cookie-cutter new construction that spoke to the transition of farming from a subsistence profession to a corporate profit machine. It wasn't the kind of place that anyone would come on vacation. To visit. It was the kind of place you'd only come if you had a purpose.He was here with a purpose. So was the person he'd come here for. The truck he was driving had no heat and the suspension rattled anytime he accelerated above 70, but it had been easy to steal, and he didn't think the junker he'd stolen it from would care enough to report it missing. At least not before he ditched it.It was outside of Merrillville, what he was looking for. Getting close to Chicago, a city he wasn't sure if he'd ever visited. There had been a world's fair there once, but that was before either time he'd been born, so he wasn't certain how he knew about it. A world's fair, and a man using that world's fair as a convenient excuse to kill. The two things seemed to go hand-in-hand.You wouldn't come here unless you were looking for something specific, because there wasn't a lot to find. He pulled off 65 and toward the Motel 6, turning off his lights once he got close enough. There was nobody else on the road, anyway, and he didn't want to be detected.He'd come late at night. He knew the schedule that his quarry kept, and he knew that in the small hours of the morning, specifically between two and four, would be the time most likely that both his quarry and his quarry's companion would be asleep. Anyone who was awake around here at this time would most likely be looking for trouble, or causing it, and unlikely to disturb him.He parked around the back lot of the motel, cracked asphalt with patches of grass starting to grow through it, the beat-up cars that must belong to the motel employees. He walked around the side of the motel and along its long path of doors all the same -- it reminded him of a hallway in a base, once, this faint snatch of memory that occurred completely without context or meaning. There was a car parked outside the room. Nondescript but nonetheless nicer than any of the other cars in sight. It was a rental. He knew because he'd used it to track them here.His right hand twitched. They'd rented two rooms, and the soldier was relying on the fact that that wasn't just a cover to confuse anyone who might be looking for them. If the other man was in the room with the target, he'd have to leave. The other man couldn't know he was here. Couldn't know why he was here.104 said the number on the door. He looked through the peephole, but it had been covered. He could get in this door easily, but part of this was the game he was playing, a game where he didn't want to cause undue alarm to the person in the room. There was a polite way to do this. There was a right way. A way that a person would do it.He knocked on the door.There was silence for several seconds. He counted them in his head, the way he was used to counting on missions, waiting for the right moment to pull the trigger. He couldn't hear any movement from inside the room, but then, his target had training. His target was perfectly capable of not making any noise.The door opened.+++He had gone to the museum, after the helicarrier. He didn't feel like he had a choice; it felt like he was be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Amnesia
Disordered Eating
Eating Disorders
Food Issues
Sleep Deprivation
Anxiety
Depression
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Aftermath of Torture
Steve Needs a Hug
Road Trips
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Child Death
Vomiting
Aftermath of Violence
Stitches
Steve Still Needs a Hug
Torture
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Acts of torture committed by main character
Interrogation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

