Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve was packing to return to New York, listening to Tony kick ass on a conference call with the rest of the SI board, when JARVIS flashed him a notice on one of the bedroom smartpanes that Coulson was on his way. Steve acknowledged it with a wave, got Tony's attention and pointed to the living room, and shut the door quietly behind him so Tony could finish his call. "Coulson," he said with a grin, heading to the kitchen bar as his boss walked in. "Can I pour you a coffee? Possibly vodka shots?""Tempting, after this week," Coulson agreed. "Coffee's fine. How's Stark?""Honestly? I think he's enjoying being back in the saddle," Steve said, pouring two cups of coffee and setting out the sugar. "He's turned on his stock tracker again. SI's stock is rising now that he's bullying the board around. He's re-hired everyone Stane laid off after the shutdown, and he's got people spinning the Stane treason story his way, so." He shrugged. "I know it's not what SHIELD wanted, but -- ""Stark's not a SHIELD agent," Coulson said. Steve nodded. "Yet."Steve choked on his coffee, setting it down carefully. "Excuse me?""We have a lot to discuss," Coulson said. "Apparently so. If you think SHIELD can or should recruit Tony Stark..." Steve paused. "No, we don't want him -- we want his tech, right? The Iron Man?""Not exactly," Coulson said. "This is complicated. Not made easier by the fact that his close friend is an Air Force colonel and he's dating one of SHIELD's top agents." "Don't butter me up," Steve said drily. "The military is going to want Stark's tech, especially since every other avenue to his genius is closed to them," Coulson said. "The last Stark defense contract runs out in two years, and most were expecting renewal this fall. If they can't have his bombs, they want his armor. Rhodes has been asked to do a feasibility study, as the first step towards acquiring the armor. By eminent domain, if necessary.""Tony won't stand for it. He'll destroy the plans and the armor first," Steve said. "Or he'll relocate outside of the government's reach.""If he threatened to go to China with the armor, the government would back off, but not all the way, and not forever," Coulson said. "Fury's interested in the armor too, but not so much in the man inside it. He doesn't think Stark's reliable, doesn't think he'd work well in a team situation.""I see he and Tony have met," Steve remarked. Coulson flashed him a brief smile. "You cannot do a psych workup on him right now, Coulson, he's -- there's a revolution going on inside Tony, and even I don't get to see all of it. You can't base Tony's future on his past. He nuked his past from space two months ago. The rest of us are just holding on, watching him go." "Fury is working on an offer to take Stark into the SHIELD hierarchy as a consultant," Coulson said. "It's not finalized yet, and there's a lot of wrestling and budget hearings before it will be. But we have an eventual goal of attaching the Iron Man to SHIELD for Stark's own good.""Don't pretend SHIELD won't benefit too.""Nobody's pretending that, Nomad. I'm telling you this so that neither of you are blindsided. SHIELD will be watching him and making plans, whether he eventually chooses to accept the offer or not. In the meantime, I have this for you," he said, and handed Steve a flash drive. "It's a full report on the proposal SHIELD is building: the Avengers Initiative." "Catchy name," Steve said. "I'd like your thoughts when you've read it. When are you back in New York?""Tomorrow night. I'll check in with HQ on Monday.""You ready to start taking missions again?""Yeah. I'd like to talk about restructuring some of my criteria, but that can wait." Coulson gave him a tolerant look. "Fewer overseas missions?""Something like that.""Finally prove yourself to yourself, or just willing to stop trying so hard?" Coulson asked. Steve ducked his head. "Don't mistake me. I'm pleased. Your self-destructive streak is endearing at twenty-four. Approaching thirty, it's more worrying. At any rate, after Afghanistan and the battle with Stane, you've been a little higher profile." "Is that why," Steve said drily. "I'm not talking about the public eye. Heads have raised at SHIELD," Coulson said. "You're being considered for leadership now in a way you weren't previously. Don't be surprised if you're given subcommand in the future." "My own team?" Steve asked, surprised. "Under you. Like Peggy?""On the same track as her, yes.""What about Natasha and Clint? They both have more -- ""Experience, yes, but this isn't a reward for seniority. It's a response to aptitude," he said. "Clint has no interest in or skill for leading a team. Natasha was offered a leadership track and declined.""Is that an option for me?""Do you want to decline?" Coulson replied."Just -- curious about the timing of this." Steve gave him a troubled look. "Curious about whether SHIELD wanting Tony is part of this offer.""No. This came up when you took th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
SHIELD
Asgard

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

