Work Text:
For all that Howard was no longer CEO of Stark Industries—the position he relinquished to Steve upon retiring on his 70th birthday while Tony was still in training to take over—he still held office in his old room at the SI Tower penthouse, he still attended meetings, he still did paperwork and he still required his approval on all major decisions. Steve didn’t mind at all. For one, he wasn’t the type who liked being CEO; he much preferred his position as head of security, really, but Howard needed a replacement and Tony was just too young for it. Steve and Obi were Howard’s only choices and it was no secret what Steve thought of putting Obi in a position of power. For another, he knew Howard loved SI and couldn’t quite turn his back on it just yet. So Steve still asked for Howard’s opinions on all major decision and he still answered to all of Howard’s summons just as he had done in the past 40-odd years. The chair in front of Howard’s desk was a familiar one, often attached to pleasant memories. However, as he sat before it now and looked into the pensive face of his best friend, he had to wonder if it was another pleasant memory he’d be adding to it. “Steve,” Howard began, resting his elbows on top of a single plain white folder on his desk to clasp his hands together. The folder didn’t escape Steve’s notice and he wondered if that was what this was all about. He said nothing though. “You know I love you,” the former CEO said in all seriousness that Steve almost did not grasp. He nearly laughed aloud and only the mien Howard exuded stopped him from doing so. “Of course I do,” he answered evenly. “You’ve been my friend for almost half a century now, and you know me and I know you better than anyone else,” he continued. “You know I’d do anything for you, you only have to ask.” Steve nodded. “I’ve entrusted you with my life, my company and my son.” Steve nodded once more. A pause. “But you know that I love Tony even more than I love you.” Steve allowed another pause before he nodded, his previous amusement at Howard’s words disappearing entirely. “If you break his heart, Steve, I can and will make life very difficult for you,” Howard warned, slowly, cautiously, seriously. Steve held his gaze; he and Howard had never had this flicker of enmity between them before. “Howard,” he answered, just as cautiously. “If I ever do break his heart, I’d ask you to make life very difficult for me.” Howard searched his eyes to look for what he knew he’d never find. He seemed satisfied enough that he nodded his head and looked down at the folder on his desk. He flipped it over and slid it over to Steve’s side of the desk. Steve took a moment to stare at the SHIELD Logo stamped on the front before picking it up and opening it. Howard allowed him a few minutes to read, where Steve’s hands shook progressively harder. “They found him, Steve,” he said, voicing what Steve had grasped the basic idea of. “Bucky’s alive.” …………… 
 “If he came back to life, who’d you choose? Me or him?” 
 Those words from his and Tony’s conversation many months ago haunted Steve as he looked through the files in the folder: detailed reports of where Bucky was found (right where Steve dropped him), extraction methods, witness accounts of agents present, vital statistics, medical reports, pictures…  “What does that  matter?! He’d dead! He won’t be coming back!” Steve slammed the folder shut over the image of Bucky, defrosted and under a medically-induced coma. He looked just as he did forty-four years ago: like the twenty-eight year old soldier Steve remembered him as. He could almost remember with vivid clarity the first time he had been with Bucky, when he had taken him as his sub: in the barracks while the others were having dinner after Steve had rescued them from that first Hydra weapons depot and Bucky had been pronounced fit as he could ever be. Steve remembered planting his lips over Bucky’s and moaning while Bucky kissed back, how he whispered, desperately, that he’d make sure nothing would ever happen to him again, how Bucky laughed at that and pulled him on top… how Bucky pressed up into him, and begged—begged! As if Steve would have said no—to be fucked. 
 “You took him as your sub because you love him. I’m you’re sub because you don’t want Obi to be my Dom!” 
 Steve shook his head to clear it and stood up, leaving the folder on his desk. Bucky wasn’t his sub anymore—or at least he wasn’t the one that counted. …………… “You’re distracted,” Tony murmured, caressing Steve’s cheek, and Steve tried not to let himself remember that those were the exact words he used that started their first and only real fight. “Mmm…” Steve only answered and pushed into Tony again, extracting a cry from his sub. He licked and sucked at the bared neck below him, just above the ever-present collar he wore, as the younger man arched up. He took both of the slim wrists and pinned them up over Tony’s head, loving the way his pupils dilated from that single acti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
ALL the feels!
Dom/sub

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

