Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text

Kate couldn’t deny that she had felt lonely since her return to New York. Her Christmas with the Barton’s had been nice. Normal. Warm. But she was more than aware she couldn’t stay there forever and so after a week at the farm, she had thanked them profusely, packed up her bags and returned to her empty apartment. The one saving grace she supposed was that she’d at least gone to the time and effort to hire a company to clean it while she was away. Smashed windows and burnt out furniture had been replaced with new, shiny things. A vast amount of purple obviously covered the space; a purple comforter over the sofa, purple dining chairs at the table, purple appliances adorning the kitchen surfaces, purple curtains and purple bed sheets. Maybe she had gone a little over the top. Maybe. But it felt like home and that was a comfort in itself. 

And she could use comfort. Coming back to her apartment she realised just how lost she was. College seemed like a waste of time now she was practically an Avenger. But then what was she supposed to do about the whole avenging thing? Sit on her hands and wait for a call? Then of course there was the fact her mother was in jail. Undoubtedly this meant she wouldn’t exactly be seeing a lot of Jack. She doubted her mother wouldn't want to speak to her given the fact Kate was the one to turn her in. Her father was dead. The loneliness was already overwhelming and she had only been back in New York for a couple of days. 

She was trying her best not to annoy Clint. A minimum of three texts a day was a limit she considered reasonable. He rarely replied but she could so clearly imagine him rolling his eyes in such a dad way that it almost felt like company. 

Given the fact she was in such a short supply of friends and acquaintances, Kate had to admit that she only had herself to blame for the situation she found herself in. The last time an uninvited guest was at her apartment it was an assassin. The time prior? Oh just a gang in tracksuits trying their best to kill her with Molotov cocktails. 

So when the doorbell rang and she knew she wasn’t expecting guests, maybe a peak through the fish eye or keeping the chain on the door would have been sensible. Instead Kate jumped up like a golden retriever, bounding over to the door, the only thought in her head an excited one of ‘did I forget I ordered pizza???’.

Perhaps she should have thought ‘hey only a week ago, there was a list longer than my arm of people trying to kill me’. But no. So it really should have been no surprise when Kate wasn’t greeted by a pizza, but instead by a man in a tracksuit with a gun. 

For the first time in her life, Kate was speechless. She felt like an idiot given everything she’d been through recently and her first thought was how disappointed Clint would be that she’d put herself in this predicament. The next was how dumb she probably looked, mouth slightly ajar and eyes wide as she remained frozen to the spot. 

“You should be more careful bro.” 

Even with the taunt from the man in front of her, and the fact he had raised his gun to her face, Kate still found herself unable to react. It was stupid. So stupid. All the training she had gone through. All the work with Clint. She was supposed to be Hawkeye for goodness sake. And here she was standing like an idiot in her doorway, not even moving despite the fact she was probably mere seconds away from death. 

She didn’t feel any less stupid as time went on, still unable to kick her brain in to gear as there was a zapping sound, and the man in front of her yelped, shook violently and dropped to the ground. 

“Kate Bishop were you just going to stand there and wait for him to shoot you?!” 

Somehow that voice did break through her brain fog, Kate’s head snapping to the side to see Yelena stood behind the tracksuit goon who was still convulsing on the ground. Despite her scolding tone, the smirk on her face was teasing and she shook her head gently as she lowered her widows bites and stepped closer, “This man is not a tyrannosaurus, you need to move, do something. Barton cannot be a good mentor.” 

“I …” words were impossible. Kate was so stunned by what had just transpired from having a literal gun in her face to a Russian assassin coming to her rescue. How was this her life now? 

Moving towards the doorway, Yelena gave an experimental kick to the man on the floor’s ribs, “Have you ever been shot before Kate Bishop? It is not fun. You would not be able to take it.” 

“What? No … I. No. I haven’t been- what are you doing here?!” 

Rolling her eyes, Yelena shrugged her backpack from her shoulders, passing it over to Kate who took it without much thought as if she was simply on auto pilot. The blonde pulled her hair back so it was no longer cascading over her shoulders before leaning down and grabbing the man by the wrist with a huff, “Well, I brought vodka for us to drink. But apparently I needed to save your ass 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Yelena saves Kate’s ass
they have drinks
yelena doesn’t break in during this story
but she does kind of impose herself
First Kiss
lesbian disaster Kate bishop
Yelena belova is not asexual in this
Canon Compliant
Frequent smut
Fluff and Smut
Feelings Realization
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop

