Chapter 1: Tiny Cells And Redheads
    




Chapter Text
 "Barton, now!" Natasha whispered over the comm. He fired an arrow into the chest of one of the druglord's henchmen, and panic broke out in the room. Zooom, another arrow, zooom, another one, and hey, there was Nat, kicking ass like usual.Aah, work.Natasha already had the drugs the druglord was trying to sell, and now all they had to do was keep him alive for S.H.I.E.L.D., so that was not the problem. The problem was that the druglord doubled as a trafficker, meaning that there might be hostages. Natasha had infiltrated the operation easily enough, the druglord liked his women redheaded. He fired another arrow and hit the guy who was trying to grab Nat off the creep's neck.She had her killer thighs around another dude's neck, and damn, Clint almost wanted to be the guy, until he heard the man's neck snapping. But fuck, wasn't that the way to go.Clint jumped out of the vent, shooting down the last two henchmen before skidding over to Natasha, who had her one arm wrapped tightly around the guy's neck. He called himself Inferno, for some reason, but to be honest, Clint didn't give a shit about what that ass called himself."Hawkeye!" Natasha snapped, in her Widow voice, and gestured her head toward a few holding cells down the hall. "Check how many." Clint nodded and rushed over to the cells, finding them all... empty."None!" he called."Are you sure?" Coulson asked in the comm."I'm pretty sure," he said back, calmly, using his 'I'm-right-shut-up' voice."Shit, do I not exist anymore?" he suddenly heard a small voice from one of the cells. Quickly, he dashed over to the last cell, where he found a small girl lying, her chest barely rising and falling. "Whoa, shit, Avengers," she mumbled, looking dazed. Her hair was filled with dried blood, and it was dark in her little cell, but from what few injuries Clint could see, she definitely needed medical help."What-" Clint decided to ignore it. "Found one, in severe need of medical!" he snapped into the comm, grabbing an arrow and stabbing it into the lock of her cage. Who even used cages like these anyways? There were thick, black bars keeping the prisoner inside and a shitty mattress in the back, but the girl was on the floor, nails digging into the cement floor like she was in pain."Sweet, medical," she mumbled, and now she looked like she was going to pass out."Coulson!""Medics on their way, two minutes. Romanov, Barton, get out of there," Coulson's calm voice came through."Got her?" Natasha's voice called out as Clint carefully picked up the girl and started walking. Natasha had cuffed the druglord, and now she looked beautifully lethal in her torn dress. Clint pushed those thoughts out of the way, 'cause this was really not the time to eye his partner like that, and nodded her way.Now the girl had actually passed out in his arms, but in this light, he could see her hair. It was red and fiery with darker splotches of blood in it, and god, she was probably going to need lots of stitches if that was still bleeding.Natasha almost let her Black Widow mask slip as she saw the girl in his arms, and even though Natasha would deny it on her deathbed, she had a soft spot for kids. The Red Room had tried to beat that out of her, but after years with Clint, she had softened up a little, getting more comfortable with expressing feelings. So nobody but him would know the tell-tale sign of her jaw clenching and her lips pursing ever so slightly as she watched him give the girl over to the medics.Coulson approached them."Good work, agents. We'll do the debriefing in the morning. Go home and get some sleep," he said gently. Natasha heard Clint groan as they started walking toward the car that would take them back to the Avengers tower. Clint shot a look at the girl as they shuffled her into the ambulance, closing the doors behind them."Hey Nat?""What?""Where do you think they're taking her?""No clue."---Natasha couldn't sleep. Usually, she could rewind pretty quickly after missions as easy as this one, but she found that sleep wasn't coming to her. She had a few bruises about to form around her wrists from being captured, but otherwise she was fine. Clint was too. That usually got her too sleep. But no.Her mind was whirring about the one child they had found. Redhead, much like her. The rest of the women that he had captured had had red hair, something that only slightly bothered her. The girl could not have been more than twelve, and seeing another girl being poisoned that early always brought up too many bad memories for Natasha's good."Jarvis?" Natasha whispered into her room."Yes, Miss Romanoff?" Jarvis' british tone answered, his volume lower than usual."Where are the other Avengers?" she asked quietly."Sir is in his workshop, Captain Rogers is on his way to the workshop, Dr. Banner is sleeping, Thor is in New Mexico, and Agent Barton's last appearance in the tower was on the roof," Jarvis' soothing voice said. Natasha's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Clintasha- freeform
Stony- freeform
OC & Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Slow Build
Secrets
cereal raids
slight angst
Nightmares
Insomnia
Deaf Clint Barton
Pillow & Blanket Forts
Adoption
Superfamily (Marvel)
there's no one in the world better at making friends than Emma
battles
Monsters
Kid Fic
Kid Peter Parker
PTSD
Domestic Fluff
Fluff
Slow Burn
like incredibly slow
Clintasha happens for real first in like chap 35
aggressively pretends AoU and ca:cw didn't happen

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

