Work Text:
They fuck him sloppy.There's no other word for it. By the time the STRIKE team is done with him, he's covered in their filth, and every fucking inch of him hurts. He's never been so violated in his life. They had made a game of it; how much could the body of a super soldier take?Evidently, a lot.The entire STRIKE team, leering over him, cutting his uniform off of him, not caring how deep the knife scores into his flesh. Denying him any dignity by cutting away the fabric from his dick and his ass, two lewdly cut holes over his nipples. The star between them is painted in cum.Some hero. The gag in his mouth is already soaked through. At least with it, it's been easier to keep in each sound of pain, each hitched breath. Harder is hiding the betrayal in his eyes. This was his team, men and women he trusted to have his back, not fuck him over the first chance they got. They might be getting their rocks off, but they won't get any tears from him.He hates bullies.Rumlow grabs a fistful of his hair, pulls him up so he can look directly into his eyes. "How we feelin', Cap? Still good?" He drawls and Steve can only glare hatefully back at him. His betrayal had been the worst of all; he'd thought there'd been some sort of a connection, some camaraderie. Brock had seemed like the kind of guy who'd watch your back, not come all over it.But then this is a new era, how could a relic like him even begin to think he'd fit in? Everyone in this time has only ever used him. He misses having friends."You're lookin' pretty wrecked back there. You sure that super serum's gonna fix that?"Steve winces. It's hard to assess the damage to his body when he's mag-cuffed wrists to ankles with his ass in the air. He can feel his hole twitching and someone behind him laughs. Then, the telltale snap of a camera phone. Technology. So damn useful.Someone tosses Brock the phone, and he pushes it in front of his face. He winces away from the screen."Come on Cap, don't be shy." Rumlow murmurs, and ruffles his fingers through his hair. "It's a good look on you."He keeps his eyes firmly shut, and the other man exaggerates a sigh. "Well, if you don't want to look, I'm sure that a stun baton or three could fit in there quite nicely. . ."Steve opens his eyes to glare up at the other man. There's cruelty there, but he can also see the determination of a man just following orders. Whatever orders they were. Most likely, 'break Steve Rogers'. Exhaling softly, he looks at the screen.His ass is gaping wide, covered in white. It looks disgusting as all hell, the pink of his insides pulsating and covered in other men's spunk. It doesn't look natural, the rim of his hole swollen and thick. Again, he closes his eyes.He can hear Rollins snickering behind him. He's never really liked the man, but the reedy laugh makes him hate him even more. Not to mention the violation he's been through."What, you don't like your pretty little pussy, Cap?"Steve's eyes flicker open, fire in his gaze. If he could talk, he'd let Brock know exactly what a sick piece of shit he and HYDRA are for their handiwork. But he won't reduce himself to muffled noises behind the gag. Brock looks up past him, and the smile on his mouth widens, turns malicious. "Y'know, I bet we could fit something much bigger up there."A couple of the men around grunt and laugh, and Steve wonders what they have planned. It can't be any worse than what he's already been through.He can hear someone step up behind him and he glances up, heart sinking. Bucky.Of course. He's enraged that they would make his friend be a part of something like this, but realistically, Bucky has gone through much, much worse.His eyes widen in horror as Bucky kneels behind him, blank eyes assessing the damage. He can see that metal arm glinting in the light ominously."I don't think your dick is gonna fit in there. Maybe something else will though?"Bucky stares blankly up at Rumlow, as if awaiting orders. Steve hopes despite the lack of recognition, somehow, Bucky will remember him, won't do this.Rumlow sighs. "Gotta tell you how to do everything. Come on man, use your arm."Steve tenses at the words, and looks incredulously up at the other man. Brock just smiles grimly down at him. That's when he feels the first cold touch on his ass, metal fingers probing his rim. Sucking in a breath, he bites the inside of his cheek. He won't break for them."Man, that's going to make a mess." Rollins states, and Cap doesn't know how much worse his this can really get.Rumlow laughs. "Fuck tech. I don't give a shit what they have to clean out of these gears, it's worth it." He states coolly, and Steve can feel more and more of Bucky's fingers slipping inside him, the cool metal kind of soothing the burn of his insides. He must not be healing yet, because it doesn't quite hurt.Then, that hand is in up to the knuckles, and the added girth is way too much. Bucky presses on, until Steve takes him up to the wrist. He's breathing heavily now, those 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Hydra Agents

freeform: 
Handcuffs
Gags
Come Marking
Gangbang
Gang Rape
Anal Sex
Anal Fisting
Hand Jobs
Assets & Handlers
Fisting
Dirty Talk
Cameras
HYDRA Trash Party
Bad Ending
Come Dumpster
I Can't Believe I Wrote This
Amnesia
Whump
Sorry Not Sorry
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Hurt Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Hydra Agents

