Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The door was closing when Matt heard the heavy tread in the rain-battered street outside.
He turned his head, frowning. 
He hadn’t been followed, of that much he was certain, but the lights in the gym were off, and the doors were about to be locked up. There was no reason for anyone to come near a dark, mostly-empty building at night.
“I’m sorry, sir.” Old Howie was the one who’d let him in tonight. “The gym’s closed. Opening hour is six am.”
“I need to use the facilities.”
The hair on the back of Matt’s neck rose. There was a hint of an accent in those words, something definitely not America. A hint of Russian. The last thing he needed was for Howie to get in any trouble facing one of Matt’s choice enemies.
“It’s okay, Howie,” he called towards the doors. “Leave the keys. I’ll lock up when he’s done.”
Anyone else, and Howie would have protested, but they’d known one another a hell of a long time. He opened the door a little wider, bringing in a waft of the damp night air, and something else: stale sweat and the rank, unmissable reek of someone who had been sleeping somewhere that definitely didn’t have a roof.
On one hand, could be a harmless hobo who just wanted somewhere dry and warm to hide out. On the other, it wasn’t unheard of for people from the streets to get desperate and accept a payment for all kinds of unsavoury jobs.
Matt feigned ignorance, setting aside his glasses. He dug his tape out from his bag, and set to work wrapping his hands. If it did turn out to be the latter, at least this time he wouldn’t be caught by surprise and crack open his knuckles on some asshole’s face again.
The stranger hadn’t come further than the doors. He was standing there, gently stinking, and motionless. Definitely not a civilian. There was something military about the absolute silence and stillness. The only thing out of place was a metallic whirring, barely even audible, muffled by dense material. Possibly leather? Something inside a coat maybe?
“The showers are second door on the left if you want to use them,” he said conversationally.
No response. No movement.
It was too controlled to be anything but a soldier. 
Matt flexed his fists, then approached the punching bag. “Toilets are third left,” he added, as if it was going to make a damned bit of difference. He shifted his weight from foot to foot, then started his usual warm up routine.
Still, the man didn’t move.
Maybe he was even waiting until his target had exhausted himself. 
He waited, all through the warm up, but nothing. Not until he started on the bag in earnest.
“You need someone to block that.”
The stranger’s voice was hoarse, as if he hadn’t been talking much lately. 
Matt hesitated. “You box?”
“I…used to. A long time ago.”
Matt braced his hand against the bag, turning his face in the direction of the stranger. “I hear it’s like riding a bike. You want to join me?”
Another silence.
“I think so.”
Matt managed a quick smile. “You might want to jump in the showers first. There’s always some spare kit for newbies in the last locker on the right in the shower room.”
“Kit. Yeah. I need kit.” He shifted on his feet. Boots. Heavy ones. Not as poor and homeless as he smelled, then. “Second door on the left?”
“Hey, take your time,” Matt turned back to the sack. “I’ll be here.”
When the man returned, thankfully smelling fresher, he said little. The whirring sound was louder, and Matt couldn’t help noticing that when the man started blocking, the timbre of the sound changed. He could hear the slide and click of metal moving. A veteran with a high-end prosthetic, he figured.
They blocked for each other in turn, then Matt nodded towards the ring. “You want to try your luck?”
Silence again.
“I could hurt you.”
“Likewise.”
Another silence. 
“You can’t see.”
Matt grinned. “I wondered if you’d noticed that,” he said. “Anyway, you’ve got a false arm. I’d say we’re even.”
“Not even close.” The man’s tone had changed, grimmer.
Not something to push.
“How about we finish up here, and we find somewhere that’s still serving food?”
The man shifted his weight on his feet, and Matt braced himself, half-expecting the attack he’d been waiting for since the man entered the room. “You want me to go with you?”
“Why not? I owe you a solid meal for that workout. Been a while since I had someone train with me.”
“Your choice or theirs?”
Matt inclined his head. “Well-spotted. Mine, as a matter of fact. You want to?”
For a long moment, the man said nothing. 
Maybe he was just a homeless guy looking for a reminder of the old days. Maybe it was too much for him to expect any kindness from a stranger. Or maybe he was thinking his target was a dumbass who might as well pay for dinner before he was knifed in an alley.
“Okay.”
They wound up in a hole-in-the-wall joint not far from the gym, wedged into a small booth, their knees knocking against each other under the table. 
From what Matt had already put together, he could tell the guy was around the same height as h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Friendship
Male Friendship
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Memory Loss
Canon-Typical Violence
Boxing & Fisticuffs
Civil War speculation
Sleeper Agents
Red Room

fandom: 
None
