Chapter 1: eitt
    


        Chapter by hannibalisms


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“I’m not happy that you’re staying with someone that you don’t even know, Loki.”Loki doesn’t look back at his father as he sets his things down on the bed by the window in his new apartment.  Well, he guesses that it’s an apartment – the entire building is filled with students, and he still has to share a bedroom with someone, but then again they have their own kitchen and living room and there’s a study nook, too, and a balcony.“It was either room by myself and pay $8000 a term, or room with someone else and pay half that, father, and tuition here isn’t cheap, either.”Farbauti Ymirsson snorts.  “If you had gone to NYU, you’d be a legacy and you wouldn’t have to pay all these fees, Loki.”Loki takes a deep breath and counts to five under his breath, something that his last therapist taught him when he was feeling pressured.  “I told you, father, I didn’t want to go to NYU.  I’d just be your son.”“Do you have a problem with being my son?”Loki hisses out a breath and turns away from his bed to face his father where he’s leaning against the doorway to the bedroom.  “I didn’t say that, father.  I just want – I want to make a name for myself.  Dr. Hill said that –““I don’t care what your last therapist said, Loki,” and Farbauti snarls the word “therapist,” as though just saying it would make him less than what he is, as if it makes Loki less a person.  “what I care about is that you don’t shame your family, that you don’t shame me.”“I would never shame you, father, to the best of my abilities.”His father stares him down, until Loki has to look away from Farbauti’s biting green eyes, the only thing that he got from his father.  They stand there, awkward, tense, until Loki hears his father move closer and a hand rests on his shoulder.  Farbauti squeezes his shoulder, hard, but Loki knows it for what it is: the closest thing to affection that he will ever get, the only type of affection that he has gotten since his mother died when he was 15.  Only his brother ever sees affection from the man that they call father.“I have to get back to New York and the firm.  If you need any money, call the Treasurer’s and they’ll give you whatever you need.  I expect weekly emails letting me know of your progress, as usual.  Is that understood?”“Yes, father,” Loki whispers, and there’s one more firm squeeze to his shoulder before Farbauti moves away, shuffling in the doorway for a moment before Loki hears him leave the apartment, to head back downstairs to the limousine waiting to take his father to the airport.The silence is both a blessing and a curse, because for the life of him there has never really been silence, not with Byleistr under his feet all the time – 6 year olds aren’t easy to keep quiet, and Loki loves his brother more than most things in the world, since when his mother was taken from him his brother was given in her stead.  It wasn’t a substitution, or a replacement, but Byleistr allowed both him and his father to love someone.Loki thinks that he can’t love; Dr. Hill told him that comes from being on his own a lot as a child, and most people are capable of love.  He could be aromantic, but that’s not the same thing, she said.  He didn’t want to leave Dr. Hill behind, but it’s not like she could fly back and forth from New York to Chicago every week for one patient, no matter how well Farbauti is paying her.  His new therapist – a Dr. Erik Selvig – was recommended by Dr. Hill, so he thinks they’ll get along.  Their first meeting is tomorrow, before the start of term, just to get things all in a row.  Dr. Selvig’s office is a few blocks away, within walking distance, just … just in case, Loki told Dr. Hill.  He needs someone close.Loki realizes that he’s been standing in the middle of the bedroom for at least 5 minutes, lost in thought, and snorts quietly.  That’s just like him, to get lost in his own head.  He might as well begin to unpack.Since his roommate has yet to show up – Thor Hlodynarsson, the sheet he got in the mail said – Loki takes it upon himself to claim the bed next the window, since it has a sill and he can rest all his trinkets there without worry.  He can open the window and feel the sun and the breeze and soak up the fresh air, and just thinking about it makes his heart swell a little, raises his mood a little.He moves all his things off his bed and sorts out his sheets and blankets.  They’re the ones that he and Byleistr chose before he left New York; they’re blue, with the Milky Way spread out on it, with glitter to make it shine like the pictures Loki likes to plaster all over his walls from the NASA servers.  He might be a social science major, but he loves the stars – loves how there’s the promise of more in the vastness, loves how there could be another him out there with a different reality.  His pillows match, though without glitter because how ho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

