Chapter 1: Drowning in Nothing
    




Chapter Text
Peter was pretty sure he was drowning.He had to be, right? He couldn’t breathe, everything was thick and cold, and he was suffocating. He had to be drowning.(He’d almost drowned before. This wasn’t it.)( I am Peter Benjamin Parker, and I exist .)(But it was easy to think of it that way.)He felt like the laughing stock of the universe. Like his whole life was just entertainment for it, just a game, something to play around with and throw away when it got bored. There was no other explanation for why  nothing ever went right for him .( I am Peter Benjamin Parker, and I exist .)He wasn’t able to get into May’s funeral when it happened. There were too many people that she had helped, and he wasn’t anyone special. Not anymore.(He wasn’t anyone, anymore.)There was no spot left behind for him at the front. There was no place for him to give a speech, to talk about all she had done for him. There was no time set aside for May Parker’s nephew, the boy she had raised for the majority of his life, the boy who she had always given her all for.
(The boy who had gotten her killed)He’d sat outside of the funeral, of course, listening in with his enhanced hearing, but that didn’t matter. Not much.(Just a boy hiding in a bush, muffling his sobs in his hand, unable to breathe, with no one around to remember that someone might need to be comforted.)( I am Peter Benjamin Parker, and I exist .)He saw Happy, sometimes. Peter tried to visit May’s grave every day, if he could. He didn’t have anyone else, so he sat down in front of her name, carved into the stone, and talked to her for as long as he dared. His Spider-Sense (he couldn’t call it his Peter-Tingle, anymore. It hurt too much to think about where the name came from in the first place) would flare at him when someone was approaching. It was almost always Happy. It was odd knowing that, once upon a time, Happy would never have set off the Sense. Now, though, Happy didn’t  know  Peter. Now, Happy could be a threat.The Sense knew that, and it warned him in kind.(Peter tried to ignore how much that hurt.)Happy would talk to him, sometimes, or they’d sit in silence, both standing there, staring at May’s grave. Peter always spent too much money on the flowers that he left there.(It was okay if he skipped meals, though. Those flowers were for May.)One day, Happy asked him why he came there so often.“It’s just that I’ve never seen you around with her before,” he said, and Peter’s heart pounded so loudly that he wondered if Happy could hear it. “And I don’t think she ever mentioned a Peter.”Peter swallowed and let out a forced laugh. “She helped a lot of people. I guess I just credit a lot of the things in my life that went right to her, you know? I feel like I need to thank her for that, somehow.”( I am Peter Benjamin Parker, and I exist .)Happy nodded. Peter walked away, and never visited May’s grave again.(If he stays away, then no one can get hurt.)He didn’t visit the shop that MJ worked at often, either. He couldn’t. He was fine just being that one weird customer that came in, sometimes. (He must not have been weird enough to remember, though. She forgot his name until he told her again on his fourth visit, a month-and-a-half after everything fell apart.)“Here you are, Peter Parker,” MJ said, and the tease in her voice wasn’t the one he was used to. It was distant, guarded. She didn’t know him. (He knew her.)“Thanks,” he said, and he left the shop without looking at Ned in the corner. (If he did, he would start crying, and he wouldn’t be able to stop.)Peter walked down the street with the cup of coffee, and he threw it out once it grew cold in his hands. (He never took a sip.)His eyes trailed it as he dropped it into the garbage. It disappeared into the shadows. He wouldn’t be able to find it again.( I am Peter Benjamin Parker, and I exist .)It was surprisingly hard getting an apartment when you weren’t legally a person. He didn’t have a birth certificate, or a social security number. He didn’t have school records, or a scholarship, or a way to enroll anywhere. He didn’t have an ID. He didn’t  exist  anymore.( I am Peter Benjamin Parker, and I exist .)( I am Peter Benjamin Parker, and I exist .)( I am Peter Benjamin Parker, and I exist .)The apartment he  did  get was shitty, to put it nicely. He focused on rent first, food second. At least, he tried to, but it was hard when less food meant that his enhanced metabolism got angry and started affecting his work as Spider-Man. He went out as Spider-Man. Christmas came and went and Peter was alone for it all. The ball dropped for the New Year, and for the first time in years, Peter didn’t have anyone there to hold him, to rub his back while he cried because the screams of people in the streets were so loud that they almost made his ears bleed.The new suit was made of thin cloth. Was it spandex? He was pretty sure it was, but he didn’t really know fabrics. It was rather uncomfort
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
lore what lore
we make our own lore here
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Mess
god im just putting him thru the wringer
its ok its only for like the first few chapters i think
Dimension Travel
in like chapter 2
i use a lot of parentheses in this thing
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
no cause heres the thing i miss that dynamic
found family is my thing that is all i ever want out of anything
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Homeless Peter Parker
for like a little bit
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
oh also i kinda fiddled with the timeline
as in i just made peter born in 2002 instead of 2001
and then homecoming is not just two months after civil war
im making it make sense in my mind bc the mcu isnt doing that for me lmao
Touch-Starved Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

