Work Text:
Today was going to be the best day of Peter Parker’s life.To be completely fair, most of Peter’s life was complete shit. He’d had days that were better at the time: the day he’d met Gwen, the day he’d first kissed Gwen, any day involving Gwen in any way, in fact. Any day involving his Uncle Ben, for that matter. In retrospect, though, these were now all unbearably painful and had ended in complete and awful disaster that he would now regret for the rest of his (likely short) utter shit life. Peter was certainly due some happy days without baggage, but he was just as certainly unlikely to get any.Peter was still an optimist, though, and was positive today would be different.Today, Peter was honest-to-god going to see Captain America himself up close, in person, and not from a rooftop or tiny crevice like a creepy stalker fanboy. Even better, he was going to watch Steve Rogers make history by soldiering his beleaguered way through the most intensely awkward and honestly ridiculous press conference in the history of ever-- jaw thrust out and spine ramrod straight. Trying hard to be polite and respectful in the face of adversity. While a bunch of assholes with cameras and microphones shouted at him about Iron Man’s adolescent dick.It was going to be a train wreck. An amazing, glorious train wreck. And if he was very, very lucky, Peter was finally going to personally record Steven Grant Rogers saying the word “penis” in public.Granted, this was a long shot. Whenever Captain America spoke to the press, he was unfailingly polite and polished. But from the totally-not-stalking Peter had definitely not done, he was certain the captain threw in a lot of shouted naughty words when he was getting blasted in the face with blue nazi radiation or similar. Peter was just never close enough to document it, and he needed Captain Rogers saying “penis” as his personal ringtone. He needed it. For reasons. Peter’s life was shit, it was always going to be shit, and he deserved to hear Rogers saying a bad word every time his aunt called in the middle of a fight to see if he’d picked up eggs. Just imagine his enemies faces. He would probably get three whole seconds of dumbfounded staring, which was a lot of time to squeeze in a roundhouse kick to the head.There was a 50-50 chance of something horrible showing up and saving Captain America from abject mortification by trying to kill someone, but Peter wasn’t worried. While the betting pools were leaning pretty heavily on the side of surprise aliens, the smart money was guessing Rogers would either:

Publically announce that the queer folks were a-okay with him and the Avengers, would people please stop asking, no really, he never wanted to think about Iron Man’s hard-copyuniversity dick pics ever again regardless of what gender he’d given them to,
Publically announce that he was a historical artifact homophobe, later respectfully watch a few “it gets better” links his furious teammates forwarded to him, cry manfully (probably), and have another press conference to let everyone know he was very sorry and that the queer folks were a-okay with him and the Avengers, 
or,

Give up and start banging his face on the podium while Tony Stark cackled in the background.
Peter himself was leaning away from 2, since it was unlikely that Captain America would be talking about Tony Stark’s penis in Tony Stark’s building with Tony Stark present, but without anyone knowing what he was about and pre-emptively forcing him to watch Brokeback Mountain. The rest were probably still on the table. Hopefully if 3 won out, there would be someone to cough nervously and pat the Man with a Plan on the back when he lost the will to live partway through the event. Peter felt a little bad, but not bad enough he didn’t want to watch, honestly.“ID, please.”Peter jerked and looked up, startled, into the face of a bored, stocky, armed security guard. He glanced quickly behind him and saw everyone with their own passes organized and out already. “Oh. Right. My ID,” he stammered, panicking. “I’m definitely supposed to be here. Yes. Hold on. I’m a reporter. I m no way stalking or creeping in any way, no way, not at all. Way.” The guard looked unimpressed and crossed her arms, waiting.Peter reached for his filched Daily Bugle credentials and immediately dropped everything he was carrying. Pens, thumb drives, cards and crumpled papers skittered across the perfectly polished floor with alarming speed in all directions, sliding under pretty much every piece of furniture and equipment in the hallway while Peter froze in horror.His life was such shit.“I’ve got—Hold on,” he begged, dropping to his knees to reach under the x-ray machine.“Sir, you can’t touch that,” the guard said, jumping up and looking alarmed.“No, no I saw it go under here, it’s somewhere here, I swear, I have it.” Peter went on his belly and squeezed in as far as he could, just brushing his fingers against what he was pretty sure was the wallet he’d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Swearing
Dick Pics
Press Conferences
Steve Rogers is disappointed at your behavior
Peter makes terrible life choices
But not as bad as Tony's
Don't worry Peter doesn't take any dick picks
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

