Chapter 1: Who the Hell is Tony Stark?
    




Chapter Text

“Well, well, well, look what we have here. It's Kahlen Potter. She's all bright, and shiny, and new again, just in time for the Dark Lord.”

“Your parents were meddlesome fools too. Mark my words, Potter. One day soon... you are going to meet the same sticky end”

“Kahlen Potter. The Girl Who Lived… come to die.”
Kahlen shot up in her bed. The hissed words were echoing in her head and grabbing hold of her mind, choking her, making it impossible to breathe. When she finally managed to gasp enough air to recognize where she was, she sighed, swinging her legs over the edge of the bed and placing her feet into her charmed slippers. The immediate warmth radiating up her body helped a little, but not enough. Never enough.Shaking the last of the whispers from her thoughts, Kahlen glanced at the clock. Her eyes widened. She sprang from her bed, skidding around the corner to her closet to throw on the first outfit she saw. With the simple blue dress barely over her frame, she gave her long brown hair a quick brush and apparated to the door of the Leaky Cauldron.Before entering, Kahlen cast a glamouring charm over her scars, attempting to forgo any recognition. Since the Battle of Hogwarts took place only a month prior her celebrity status wasn’t wearing off any time soon, so she opted to hide from prying eyes as often as she could, covering her biggest identifier from all but those who truly looked.As she walked briskly down the streets of Diagon Alley, she watched three children chasing each other around the fountain with sticks in place of the wands they so anxiously awaited. The littlest one, a girl no older than six, slipped on one of the puddles her elder brothers made, scraping her knee on the aged stones. At the sound of her cries, the little witch's parents ran over to her, enveloped her in a hug, and healed the injury. The scrape was gone before it could even start bleeding. Kahlen wondered if that was what her life could have been like. Running carefree through the streets of the magical town with parents right behind her to heal any cuts or bruises she got along the way. Never worrying about burning breakfast or leaving behind a spec of dust, nor the beatings that followed. Pushing the thoughts out of her head, Kahlen walked into the little cafe and spotted Hermione at their table by the window, already sipping tea with a newspaper in her hand and biscuits on the table.“Hey, sorry I’m late,” Kahlen huffed, still trying to catch her breath. Hermione glanced up from the Daily Prophet before returning to her reading. “Oh come on, you’re not mad at me, are you ‘Mione? It was only a few minutes!”Hermione sighed, lowering the paper. “This is only the fourth Friday lunch we’ve had, and yet, I don’t see you ever being on time.” She smirked over her teacup as she took a long, loud sip.“You roomed with me for six years, I would hope you know me well enough to understand that punctuality has never, and will never be my strongest asset,” Kahlen deadpanned, eliciting a laugh from Hermione.While Kahlen’s tea was being steeped, she asked, “How’s Ron? I haven’t seen him for almost two weeks, and he barely returns my calls anymore.” She said it with a chuckle, but she was worried. Ron was one of her best friends, she wanted to make sure she hadn’t done anything to upset him.“Ron’s just busy,” Hermione responded, removing the weight that had rested on Kahlen’s shoulders. “Kingsley’s got him in full time Auror training, he hardly has time for anyone, myself included. I mean, honestly, what’s the point of living together if we’re never really together?”“‘Mione, I love you, and I love Ron, and I am happier than anyone that he finally wisened up and asked you out, but I do not need the details of what you two do behind closed doors.” Kahlen gagged as she watched Hermione’s face redden.“Kahlen!” She exclaimed, “That is obviously not what I meant, you wicked girl.” Kahlen just snickered. “I just mean that Ronald is often tired when he returns from the Ministry, he doesn’t have the energy for-”“Sex?”“Kahlen!”“Relax, Hermione, I’m just pulling your leg.” Hermione’s scowl slowly dissipated, leaving behind a slightly amused smile. “Seriously though, is everything going well with you two?”Hermione’s smile widened. “Everything is splendid. Better than I had thought, really, given the silly squabbles we were prone to at school.”“You don’t fight anymore? Like, at all? That seems entirely impossible to me.”“Oh no, we fight. Only now, we have a much simpler way of resolving things.” Hermione’s wink and satisfied grin said everything she didn’t, prompting a more real gag from Kahlen which evolved into a laugh. A few moments of silence passed between the two before Hermione warily spoke. “Seriously Kallie, how are you doing? I know it can’t be easy, living alone so soon after… everything. Why don’t you just stay with Ron and I for a few weeks? We have plenty of room. It can be jus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Remus Lupin & Harry Potter
Avengers Team & Harry Potter
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Hermione Granger & Harry Potter & Ron Weasley

freeform: 
Female Harry Potter
Harry Potter is Tony Stark's Child
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Remus Lupin Lives
Nymphadora Tonks Lives
Domestic Avengers
Overpowered Harry Potter
Wizengamot (Harry Potter)
Avengers Tower
Protective Avengers
Hurt/Comfort
Harry Potter Has Trust Issues
Kid Wanda Maximoff
Super Soldier Natasha Romanov
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Female Protagonist
James Potter is Not Harry Potter's Parent
Harry Potter is the Heir to the House of Black
Harry Potter is Lord Potter
Harry Potter Has PTSD
Harry Potter Needs Therapy

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Remus Lupin & Harry Potter
Avengers Team & Harry Potter
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Hermione Granger & Harry Potter & Ron Weasley

