Work Text:
After about a month or so, Peter starts to think Operation Gay Parent Trap is the biggest mistake of his life.As usual, Peter did not think through any lasting consequences of his latest scheme. He never expected it to backfire so spectacularly. He just wanted to stop all of that ridiculous drama, and he did . . . mostly. Erik and Charles still have stupid arguments about political shit that Peter doesn’t care about and sometimes even the house will shift and creak or the silverware will quake in the drawers, and Erik will march out, muttering under his breath without even tossing a backward glance at Peter.The problem is not when Erik and Charles argue. Oh no. It’s when they don’t argue, which is about ninety percent of the time. Instead, Erik shows up every Monday night, as regular as M.A.S.H., gives Peter a perfunctory hello and maybe a few minutes of awkward small talk before disappearing upstairs to play “chess” with Charles.And Peter knows that it’s “chess” with quotation marks because of one horrible morning a couple weeks after O.G.P.T. when Peter walked into the kitchen to find Erik making coffee in the same clothes he arrived in last night, only a hundred times more wrinkled. “Oh my God,” Peter says, pointing.“It’s seven in the morning,” says Erik. “What are you doing up?”Technically Peter didn’t even go to sleep that night. But that’s not important right now. He can’t tear his eyes away from the massive cowlick sticking up from the side of Erik’s head and the purple bite mark on the nape of his neck.“Oh my God. You had sex! With Charles!” To Peter’s utter mortification, he’s blushing like a fucking school girl.“Yes I did,” says Erik with absolutely no shame whatsoever. “You’re the one who set this up. Isn’t this the outcome you wanted?”“I don’t want to know. Oh my God! Gross. Gross. Now that image is going to be burned into my brain forever! Fuck!”“If you’re imaging your father having sex, then I’m not the one with the problem,” Erik says dryly.“FUCK! ERIK! FUCKING GROSS!”Peter admits it. He runs out of the room with his hands over his ears and thinks about asking Charles to delete this memory entirely from his brain. After that Erik shows up in the kitchen a lot, sometimes staying into the afternoon.  But he almost never spends any of that time with Peter. Well, okay, at first he and Charles tried. With spring thawing out the chilly temperatures, they would invite Peter (and Hank though the man declined every time) to brunch out on the terrace, or checkers competitions, or a movie night when they could catch them on the TV. But they inevitably get caught up in some kind of stirring debate about politics (ugh gross, Peter would rather talk about the fucking Once and Future King than candidates for the next president) and Peter would suddenly become invisible. Forgotten. Lost in conversations not meant for more than two people.He tried to be understanding, okay? He gets that both men have ten years of mutual pining to catch up on. He gets that they have a second chance they never thought they’d get and it’s just so romantic, blah blah blah.It just sucks feeling like the third wheel to your own dad. It’s downright pathetic. He’s not jealous, okay? It’s just a little insulting, you know, after all the shit Peter’s done for Erik for the guy to just leave him hanging like that.Like, one night Peter tried to get Erik hooked on M.A.S.H. for TV night. At first Erik watched the show dispassionately, but then he snickered after something Hawkeye said. When Peter glanced over, though, Erik and Charles were balls-deep in some telepathic communication, eyes locked on each other’s face and grinning at something else entirely. And that’s just rude.Fine. Whatever. Charles can have him. Apparently Erik only talks to Peter when he’s got no other options and Peter doesn’t need that. He went seventeen years without Erik. He can survive another fifty. In the middle of it all, Peter finds surprising solidarity in Hank, who watches Erik and Charles’ interactions with a sour-faced scowl and a blue tinge to his skin. They often grumble and exchange wrinkled noses whenever they spot Charles and Erik during one their “dates.”“He tried to kill me, you know,” Hank mutters to Peter one day as they spy on the couple from the kitchen window. “And Charles just forgives him. Just like that. What the hell?”“No shit,” Peter agrees. “All this ‘you’re my son, I’ll do anything for you, here are some wicked t-shirts’ crap and look at him. I’m fucking chopped liver.”So even though Hank is a gigantic nerd and typically someone Peter wouldn’t look twice at if they went to the same school, they end up spending a lot of time together. Mostly watching TV and puttering around in the science lab. Hank is so earnestly excited about all this nerd shit that Peter can’t help but smile and get involved even if it means he’s slowly turning into the kids he used to make fun of. In return, Peter drags Hank out onto the grounds for some exper
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Raven | Mystique
Raven | Mystique & Pietro Maximoff

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
dumb teenagers
Jealousy Issues
Raven is a BAMF
minor jokes about suicide (during a hangover)
Underage Drinking
Recreational Drug Use
Kidnapping
Minor Violence
Torture
Peter Maximoff is an idiot
Mutant Hate
Peter tries to be a Hero
it doesn't work out for him
Papa Bear Erik
Teenage Hormones
apology olympics
THIS FIC IS MORE LIGHT HEARTED THAN THIS SUMMARY SUGGESTS I PROMISE
dadneto
drunken spats

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Raven | Mystique
Raven | Mystique & Pietro Maximoff

