Chapter 1: After the Attack
    




Chapter Text
The bright fluorescent light is blinding. Pain in his eyes, pain in his limbs, pain in his head make it hard to think. A man in a white lab coat comes into focus.                “Follow the light for me. Good. What’s your name?” The doctor asks.                “I….um…I can’t remember.” Loki says.                “Any head pain?”                “Yes.”                “I’ll order some tests and have psychiatry come and talk to you. I need to ask you some basic questions. What year is it?”                “I…I don’t know.” Loki fear ticks up with each question he fails to answer.                “Who is the President of the United States?”                “I don’t know.”                “You sound foreign…maybe British or Australian. Are you from this country?”                “What country is this?”                “Yeah that’s not a good sign.” The doctor says. The hospital is over capacity with the injured and dying. It has been 48 hours since the attack on the city and people are still pouring into the ER. “Look, you were found in an alley, dressed in strange clothes, and covered in blood. You have extensive injuries that look old too, like you were tortured. The whip marks on your back are deep, extensive, and couldn’t possibly have been self-inflicted and from what we know of the aliens we don’t think they did this to you either. The police are involved in your case because well, they think you were being held captive somewhere and the attack on the city somehow freed you. Do you remember anything at all?”                “No, I don’t and based on what you’ve told me I don’t think I would want to.” Loki looks at the doctor with big vulnerable eyes. “So what happens now?”                “You need rest, food, and more evaluations. I’ll have social work pay you a visit.” The doctor says. Loki is left alone in his room. Afraid and confused and tries to sit up, but his body hurts too much. Food comes and Loki eats all of it, bland as it is. Nurses come in and check on his catheter and pain meds but leave quickly to tend to other patients. More nurses come and he is wheeled down to radiology and put before machines and on tables as devices whirl around him. It distracts him. He needs distracting.                Who am I? What is my name? Do I have any family? What happened to me? What will happen to me? Is anyone going to claim me? What if no one does? What happens then?                After the tests he is returned to his room. The police come and ask him a bunch of questions which he cannot answer.                “We’ll put in some inquiries with some of the embassies. Find out if anyone recognizes you.” An officer says. They take a picture of Loki’s face to show to others.                “Thank you for helping me. I hope you can find my family. I need to find out where I belong and who I am.” He says earnestly. They leave and again Loki is alone.                For two days barely anyone says anything to Loki, not even the staff. The hospital is so overwhelmed with critical patients that Loki is quickly forgotten until things settle down. For two days Loki eats hospital food and watches news footage about the city and about a group of people called the Avengers that apparently saved the world from alien invasion. Loki can only assume he was injured during the attack and that is why he doesn’t remember anything. With each passing hour that he is unable to recall his life his unease grows. He has never felt so powerless…he thinks…maybe?                “Hi there! So you’re my John Doe. You’re a very handsome John Doe.” A very pretty lady in a red suit, blonde hair, and bright blue eyes is standing in the doorway.                “Is that my name? Did you find out who I am?” Loki asks like a frightened child asking if Santa Claus is real.                “No. No I’m sorry to confuse you like that. John Doe is an alias we give to people when we don’t know their real names. You’re not faking are you?”                “No.” Loki looks at the woman before him. Something about her appearance is comforting and familiar.                “My name is Tiffany, Tiffany Sanders. I’m your case worker. I’m here to try to help you. The police are working to try to find out who you are so we can return you to your family. I’m here to find resources to help you while they carry out their investigation.”                “What kind of resources?” Loki asks.                “Your physical wounds are healing and you no longer require hospitalization. The CT scan of your head showed no trauma. However, because of your amnesia they have kept you here on a psychiatry hold, but that hold is coming to an end. The hospital wants to release you, but you will need a place to stay, food, and money. I’m here to try to arrange those things for you.” She says with mock confidence. The homeless shelters are overwhelmed and without his identity, getting him things like food stamps, welfare, or other assistance i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Loki Angst
Amnesia
Bannishment
eventual thorki
Smut
Knotting
Attempted Suicide
Mpreg
Intersex Loki
Loki is called Jack for most of the fic
Voyeurism

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

