Chapter 1





Chapter Text
No one told you what was going on. Only that it was of utmost importance to you and your job, and that you needed to fly to New York City as soon as possible. Fortunately, with Stark Industries footing the bill, this turns out to be a relatively simple matter. On a bright Wednesday morning you take a seat at the boardroom table in Avengers Tower, jet-lagged and insanely curious about the faces you recognize around you. Remarkably, they’re not half as intimidating as they look on the news. No need to feel so tense, then.“Everyone here? Good.” Tony Stark saunters into the room, casting his eyes over the chattering group before standing at the head of the table, hands in his suit pockets. Maybe an intimidating figure. You’ve seen scarier. And he’d invited you, anyway, so why be nervous? “As some of you have already heard, by honorable methods or non-honorable - ” Stark pauses, and lets his glare fall upon Clint Barton, who is slumped in his chair as if sleeping. Barton peeks open an eye, and promptly rolls it in annoyance.  “Stop having secret conversations where anyone might hear, maybe,” Clint suggests, but Stark is clearly not going to be drawn into this particular argument at present. “Ahem. Anyway, we intercepted a message a few days ago between an offshoot Hydra division which specializes in black market sales and weaponry, and a military official from Venezuela.” Stark pauses to let this sink in - there’s shifting and muttering from the others sitting in their seats around the table, and your bafflement about even being here deepens.  “So, what are they dealing in? Weapons?” asks Steve Rogers. His hair gleams in the glinting sunlight streaming through the window. “Based on the location for whatever exchange they’re planning, probably not,” Stark says, and he pulls a device from his pocket to throw up a map, blue and bright in the center of the table. Ah. Things are beginning to make sense - why you’d been summoned here, anyway.  “Where’s this?” Sam Wilson states the question everyone else, except you and likely Stark, are thinking.  “The Beartooth Mountains,” you supply, causing curious eyes to turn your way. “North of Yellowstone. They’re on the border of Wyoming and Montana where Yellowstone meets Custer and Shoshone forests.” “Yes, thank you,” Stark says after a moment of surprised silence. “For reasons we can only guess at, Hydra and Venezuela have chosen this area as a meeting point to exchange…something. We’ve considered weapons, of course.” Stark starts to stroll around the table. “There are less difficult places to exchange weapons, and from what we know, the Venezuelan military doesn’t exactly have a shortage of those.” “Something for money? Profit?” Natasha Romanoff guesses. “Most likely.” “What could Venezuela buy? Or sell?” “Drugs,” Clint suggests. “People,” Steve says, frowning darkly.  “Gold and fur,” you interrupt again. Once more, everyone is looking at you. The scrutiny of so many people, most larger and heavier than you, and all who could likely murder you in your sleep, only gives you a moment of pause. You blink, and continue, “Haven’t you heard of the Bear Heist of 1973? Poachers who had been sleeping on illegal bear furs for the last fifty years met up to sell them to the Chinese at an enormous price. China’s bears are…mostly gone. But bear fur is valuable. So are about a dozen other animal products made from endangered species - all of which can be found protected at Yellowstone. Not to mention the gold…” Silence. Blank silence - Stark and Natasha are considering what you said, but you can see skepticism from the others. You sank back in your chair a little. “Or drugs,” you say lamely.  “There’s got to be easier ways to get those sorts of illegal things than in a protected national park in the United States,” Sam says.  “Maybe,” you reply. “More likely it’s all been depleted elsewhere. Resources run out.” “Who are you, again?” Clint cuts in, leaning across the table to stare at you. You meet his gaze, opening your mouth to speak, but Stark gets there first. “I called in an expert on the region,” Tony explains. “She used to work for Yellowstone as head of their conservation team. Dual degrees in environmental science and rangeland management. You won’t find anyone who knows those lands better, Barton, I promise you that.” “And why is she here?” This from the last person at the table, who hadn’t spoken yet. The gravelly voice makes shivers break out across your arm, which you quickly fold across your chest.  Bucky Barnes. “If you haven’t figured it out yet, I’ll explain, shall I?” Tony tells him patiently. “The thing is, we need to be there when the deal drops. Whatever it is, it probably needs to be stopped before people get hurt. We’re going in early so they don’t get a whiff of our presence. No flashy tech, no drawing attention. That means camping, team.” “Noooo,” Clint groans. “We can do that,” Steve says with a nod.  “Do you have a date on the drop?” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Forced Proximity
there was only one tent
Lots of camping
Bucky is 1.5 of the 2 Person Tent

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

