Work Text:
Sam’s call came in at six in the morning. On Bucky’s sleep in day as well. He didn’t need to be up until whenever he wanted and instead he’s been up since six in the morning. Not that he can ever really resist Sam anyway. All it took was a few minutes of half-assed convincing and Bucky was rolling out of bed and hopping in the shower. One quick breakfast and a cab ride later and he’s down at the set filling out today’s paperwork.It’s pretty standard. Bucky’s used to the paperwork so he gets through it fairly quick. Today’s shoot also sees him being paid for the day once they’re done. When he hands it all into the front desk--Nick’s always pretty friendly if not always ready to work--he heads off to the find Sam. Who’s waiting for him right in the next room with a cup of coffee. “One cream, lots of sugar,” Sam announces. Hands Bucky the mug. Nice and warm and cozy to the touch. Wakes him up even more and Bucky hasn’t even had to take a sip of it yet.“You’re the best, Sammy.”“Don’t I know it?”Sam taps on his cheek. Knowing what he wants, Bucky leans in and pecks the spot. Makes Sam pretend to laugh like a school boy. Bucky rolls his eyes since Sam does this all the time.“So who’s the shoot with?” Bucky asks. “Why’d you just need me to get down here?”“New guy,” Sam tells him. He holds up a DVD. “Wait till you see.”“Wait, a new guy?”Not something he’s ever done before. For three years he’s been doing shoots nearly every week, but he’s never been anyone’s first. “Yup.” He gives Bucky a playful slap on the back. “Come on. Sit down. You’ll get it in a minute.”There’re two folding chairs in front of the television cart. Sam pops the DVD in and hits play. A breath catches in Bucky’s throat. Because on the screen is the prettiest guy he’s ever seen. First one who speaks is Sam. The one holding the camera, of course. They shot this here in the front hall. Just a few feet from where they’re sitting right now. “So, tomorrow, well...” There’s a soft chuckle from Sam on the video as he talks to the guy. “Well, you’re gonna get fucked tomorrow, aren’t you?”The one on camera is shirtless. Like in all of Sam’s interview segments. He’s built. Large and brilliantly proportioned so far as Bucky can tell. Though he can’t see past his nipples on the video. “Yeah, yes.” He runs his fingers through his hair. Smiles shyly at the camera and Bucky’s heart beats twice as fast. It’s not shy enough to back out of this though. “By, um, Bucky Barnes.”Oh really? Well, this is definitely news to Bucky. Or, it was up until a few minutes ago anyway. “All right, well why don’t you tell everyone your name and what you’re doing here?”Sam gets him to laugh again, but this time when he looks back at the camera he flashes a big, toothy grin and waves. Feels as though he’s waving right at Bucky.“Hi. I’m Steve. And I’m going to get fucked by Bucky Barnes cause I won Stark Naked’s dance show.”“To which you won yourself a contract to be a Naked Boy!” Sam chuckles. “And you’re going to shoot with one of our most popular models for your first go. Are you nervous?”“Um, no. Or, well, yeah. Maybe. A little.”“Cause you asked for Bucky, right?”That makes Steve’s face turn red. He runs his fingers through locks of dark gold hair and tries to lower his baby blues, but looks back up at the camera.“That’s right. It was my choice.” He laughs like he’s made a joke and, behind the camera, Sam laughs along. “I’m excited though.”“So you did ask for Bucky.” He nods and Sam asks, “How come? You’ve seen him before, huh? You think he’s hot?”“Ahh…” That makes him shift around in his chair and fold in a smile. Makes Bucky blush as well. Unusual. He’s not usually this affected by interviews. “Oh yeah. Yeah, he’s really hot. So I’m, uh, I’m real excited.”“You’re a Bucky fan, then?” “Yeah. Very much.”He scratches the back of his neck and smiles. Waits for Sam’s next question.“Tomorrow’ll be your first shoot, right?”“Professional, yeah.”“Alright then, Steve. I guess we’ll see you tomorrow!”Steve smiles and waves again. Says a few more things into the camera, but the sound fades and the screen freezes with an image of Steve and his pretty smile.From in the seat next to Bucky, Sam reaches over and clicks the television off.  He turns to look at Bucky. The normal sights and sounds of a shoot underway go on around them. Crew members moving chairs and pillows and blankets, setting up cameras and lights and backdrops. Bucky’s friendly cup of coffee calls up to him. The fresh scents of it reminding him he only has so long before it’s cooled and he needs to get another cup. “So, what’dya think?”Bucky shrugs and takes a sip of his drink. Trying to hide his smile by doing so. An attempt at nonchalance since he’s a professional and shouldn’t be ready to break out into a fit of giggles just because the hottest guy he’s ever laid eyes on personally requested him. “He’s hot. Did he really ask for me?”The thought makes Bucky’s heart flutter. He’s never been personally requested befor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Explicit Language
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Porn Star AU
porn star steve and bucky
porn with little plot
Porn with Feelings
Fluff and Smut
Cuddles
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Rimming
Light BDSM
Spanking
Collars
Dirty Talk
Come Shot
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Big Steve
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Porn Star Steve Rogers
Porn Star Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

