Chapter 1: Part One: Author's Note
    




Chapter Text
Hi Everyone, I wanted to hop on here and say thank you so much for all the love your showing to my story. I did not expect it to blow up the way it did, and I'm so excited for you all to continue reading what I have in store for this storyline. And if you found my book through my tiktok then you're in for a fun ride my friends, so WELCOME!To those who are coming from watching Spider-Man No Way Home to reading this story, please keep reading this note. If you have not seen the movie, you can read my story up until the chapter named Stark without any spoilers being mention, but do not finish this note otherwise.
{DISCLAIMER: This story will contain Spider-Man No Way Home Spoilers towards the end of the book and please do not keep reading this note if you have not watched the movie... SPOILERS WILL BE MENTIONED BRIEFLY}
There are a few things I will like to address before I continue posting chapters. The story is taking place a year after Gwen's death, but that does not mean we will not revisit the past or the future or let's say other universes. 😉With that being said, I did write this story before the movie came out, and I had an original vision of how it was going to go. However, I have redirected the storyline to be more fitting to Peter's story of what we all know thus far, and predictions of what his story may look in the future. So, I hope you enjoy what I have in store for all of you. And once again, thank you so much for being a reader, and let's get back to this story. xoxo,Nik
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker and Nathalie Rodriguez
Peter and Nat

freeform: 
Peter Parker - Freeform
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Mess
Spider-Man - Freeform
She-Venom - Freeform
spiderman - Freeform
venom - Freeform
Multiverse
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Andrew Garfield - Freeform
Peter Parker Fanfiction
spider-man fanfiction
Marvel - Freeform
mcu - Freeform

fandom: 
Peter Parker and Nathalie Rodriguez
Peter and Nat

