Work Text:
All his life there was one person Steve looked out for, someone his mind could never forget, even if they were long gone from this world. It was a part of his past, one repressed and alienated, screaming at him in moments of great turbulence. Nearly too painful to bring to light, yet all the same his mind fixated and thought of them in every waking moment. Even Peggy hadn’t been able to hold a flame to this person.When he caught a glimpse of Peggy in 1970, he felt a sense of warmth and comfort that had alluded him since waking up after sixty-odd years as a popsicle, or capsicle, like Tony, had always teased. The chance encounter had his heart racing and made him feel like he was that skinny, shy, unsure kid that wasn’t used to having a woman’s attention. Their brief story flashed before his eyes, while he stared at the even stronger confidant woman she had become. He was pretty sure she was married at this point in time, he had discovered as much when he awoke in 2016 and went searching for her.For a moment, he let himself imagine what it would’ve been like if the plane hadn’t crashed into the ocean, and he had married her. What would their life have been like? Would it have been similar to the one her future self had told him she had lived with her current husband? Would they have been happy? All the questions circling in his head led him to wonder if he was able to go back and be with her, after fixing what Thanos had done, would he?Steve knew the answer before he even thought the question. Seeing Peggy was like being united with something that once was and still provided support and nostalgia. There was also sorrow at not having the opportunity to live out what could have been a happy ending. He still and always had loved Peggy, just not the way he was supposed to. It didn’t matter how hard he tried to change that, his heart wouldn’t listen to his brain, it knew the truth, even if he never spoke the words aloud, believing that it was far too repulsive to even consider. It had always been you, even then, but he knew he couldn’t have you, not the way he wanted to. You were his baby sister, he had to look out for you and not corrupt you with his perversions. He never realized he could’ve had it all if he had simply asked.The moment he saw the pictures Peggy had on her desk of the past; he knew for certain. It was one picture in particular that brought everything he had tried repressing back. A picture of Peggy, you, and him all standing around at an event Howard Stark had hosted. You were leaning into his side, with his arms curled tightly around yours, bringing you as close as you could physically be, while Peggy stood on his other side with an appropriate space separating them. The image spoke volumes and seeing Peggy standing on the other side of the office window, only reaffirmed it all. He wanted to stay in the past, but it wasn’t for her.The last five years were the longest of his life and after defeating Thanos and losing more people, he was done. He didn’t have the strength to keep going, not anymore, not without you. Steve didn’t care what S.H.I.E.L.D. or anyone else had in store for him, he was done fighting evil. Being with you again and finally having the chance to be happy together was all that mattered to him. He had made a choice, and he chose the one person that had never left his heart. He only hoped you felt the same, he was far too determined to have the life he had always dreamed of, and he vowed to himself that nothing would get in his way this time. It would crush him if you rejected him and killed that dream.Standing there ready to return the Stones in 2023, he was filled with excitement and nervousness at seeing you once again. Though as he gazed at Bucky and Sam, a deep sorrow squeezed at his chest. His brothers in all but blood were wishing him luck, thinking he was coming right back. Not having a clue that this might be the last time that they would see him. He would miss them deeply, especially after just getting them back, but his heart needed to come home.***

February 14, 1949

Pouring yourself a generous glass of wine after an exhausting day at work, you were glad to finally be at home and away from the rest of the world. Though work was usually better than the emptiness that crept in when there was nothing to do but think of what was and all that you had lost. Today, even work couldn’t take any of it away. Nothing could on Valentine’s Day. Everywhere you looked there were hearts and advertisements of love, people smiling and happy with their partners. As if they were bragging and shoving their love in your face, reminding you of what you would never have. Reminding you that Steve was gone, and the world somehow kept moving forward, while you remained stagnant.It had been four years since it happened, and every day hurt just as badly as the first. Work was the only thing that helped fill the void of his absence, and it became your sole motivator over time. You were 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers x Y/n
Steve Rogers/Sister!Reader
Steve Rogers/Sister
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)

freeform: 
nsfw gifs
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Incest
Sibling Incest
Brother/Sister Incest
Incest Kink
Sibling Love
Brother-Sister Relationships
Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day Fluff
Valentine's Day smut
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Stair Sex
Riding
Doggy Style
PORN gifs
sex gifs
Animated GIFs
gifs
Erotic gifs
Graphic Format: GIF
NSFW
Grinding
Dry Humping
Y/n Rogers - Freeform
Reader-Insert
First Time
Multiple Orgasms
Loss of Virginity
Virginity
Big brother steve rogers
Mentioned Howard Stark
Mentioned Peggy Carter
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Time Travel
1949
talking about being sad and depressed after death

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/You
Steve Rogers x Y/n
Steve Rogers/Sister!Reader
Steve Rogers/Sister
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)

