Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter was being honest; he’d say he forgotten May’s voice.
 
May is a touchy subject and most people avoided the conversation. It was hard to even have a conversation these days. Peter was too busy to even think about it most days.
 
He’s barely eighteen years old and he’s got the freaking trifecta of a depressing life; a dead aunt, 30 thousand dollars of debt, and an internship at the world’s most prominent tech company…getting coffee and delivering mail.
 
He hasn’t thought about May in a while, and it sends a pang of guilt in his stomach when he remembers her. He tries to think about her in the few fleeting moments before he falls asleep. He tries to think of May before she got sick, her kind smile, her confident laugh, and her eyes. But most of the time he thinks of May in a hospital bed, thin and weak from the chemotherapy and the drugs. In her last days she wasn’t even conscious.
 
So, he tries his best not to think about her.
 
 Or anything at all.
 
Peter’s routine has changed since May died. Her life insurance paid enough out so that he could pay for a decent burial and gravestone. He dropped out of high school, got his GED, and started working in a desperate attempt to keep a roof over his head.
 
He gets up every day at four in the morning. He showers, dresses, and heads off to his morning job as a barista at a local coffee shop. He opens the café, wipes down tables and chairs, takes the orders from equally groggy New Yorkers on their way to their own jobs. By seven thirty, he changes in the back room of the café from his uniform to casual clothes to wear at Delmar’s. He rides the train with day-old croissants and stale coffee in his hands. By eight, he’s stocking the corner store with that morning’s deliveries and working the register. By two in the afternoon, Delmar sends him out with sandwich with extra pickles (the way he likes) on day-old bread. Peter hops the turnstiles on the subway, and he takes the train with two transfers uptown to Stark Tower.
 
He changes in the lobby bathroom into his one long-sleeved shirt and worn but well-kept and pressed pants. He puts his badge over his neck, goes through security and pends the afternoon and early evening delivering mail from the mail cart, refilling the coffee machines, and collecting mail.
 
He’s supposed to end his shift at 8, go home, eat the sandwich Delmar gave him, shower and go to bed. 
 
Supposed to, being the key word.
 
Peter knows he’s not the most graceful guy, especially when it comes to words, but he’s made a good impression on the scientists in the tenth-floor lab. That’s where he is now, thinking about May as he palms a large manila envelope in his hands.
 
“Peter!” a friendly voice calls to him. Peter blinks himself from his thoughts. It’s Gwen Stacy, a scientist at StarkLabs. Peter knows she’s from New York, her father works for the NYPD, and she’s getting her third doctorate in… something at Empire State. She’s friendly and generally cheery and seems to genuinely enjoy talking to him. It’s a nice change from the stares and occasional grunts he gets from the other employees when he delivers mail.
 
“Hey Gwen. Got this for you.” Peter extends the folder. Gwen takes it gracefully and folds it under her arm, not bothering to look at it. She checks her watch and grins at Peter. It’s past eight now, and most of the lab techs have gone home.
 
“How much do you know about microchip implants?”
 
“Not enough.” Peter readily agrees, an equally conspiratorial smile on his face. Sure, he’s not technically supposed to touch any of the lab equipment but… if Gwen needed help and Peter was the only one there, who was he to deny her?
 
Gwen had picked up on Peter’s interest on science the first time he had walked into the lab. After chatting over their lunch break, Peter told her about trying to save money for school, his idea for a collapsible drone the size of a dinner plate. One thing led to another, and whenever given the chance, she lets Peter have free reign of the lab, mostly at the end of his shift.
 
“Not a bunch,” Peter says, pushing up his glasses.  “What about that arc reactor project?” he asks, walking over to the shelf with the safety glasses on them. Reckless or not, Peter enjoys having both his eyeballs.
 
“That’s old news.” Gwen states firmly, straightening her lab coat. She passes a spare coat to Peter who slides it on over his clothes, all his weariness from the day forgotten.
 
Gwen motions for him to follow, and he does so, double-checking the fit of the safety glasses over his own.
 
“Check this out,” Gwen says, pointing to her lab table. “I’ve been working on something. Microchip implants.”
 
“Don’t they already exist?” Peter questions.
 
“Yeah, but mostly in the world of pets. But they don’t possess any tracking capabilities. They only transmit identification information to a scanner held a few inches away using a simple radio frequency, and they don't require batteries.”
 
“You want to make i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Gwen Stacy & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
BAMF Gwen Stacy
Breakfast foods
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Science
Torture
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Secrets
Blood
Blood Loss
Peter Parker Whump
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
BAMF Happy Hogan
Sink torture
i guess
wait no
BAMF Michelle Jones
Gwen Stacy Lives

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Gwen Stacy & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy

