Chapter 1: glorious purpose part i
    


Notes:
I have a vague plot now! I'm splitting the chapters into two because one episode is 15k words. To any new readers: You don't have to read the previous fics to understand this one, but you should know that the characters have watched Endgame, so they know that 2012 Loki took the Tesseract and escaped. All of the characters are from 2018 - a week before Infinity War. This means that the Loki reacting to the show is basically Sacred Timeline Loki, not the Loki from the show. This Loki has no idea what he's about to watch. They've also watched Infinity War, so they watched Loki die for Thor and the Avengers have somewhat made peace with him. Also, they've watched WandaVision so Wanda's realized that she has to learn magic which she will be learning (preferably not from the Darkhold). Stephen has offered for her to learn at the Sanctum/Kamar-Taj.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

In the aftermath of the Battle of New York, 2012 Steve walked by the group as Rumlow opened the case. 
"Oh," said Natasha. "We're seeing this again."Bruce buried his face in his hands. He didn't want to see this again. 
Steve said he was on his way to coordinate search and rescue. 2012 Loki transformed into Steve and repeated what he said. 
Everyone snickered as Steve rolled his eyes. 
Loki transformed back into himself, but 2012 Thor slapped a mask on Loki's mouth and told him to shut up.
Loki looked unimpressed. 
2012 Tony closed the case with the Tesseract inside. 
"Too bad we never got that Tesseract," said Rhodey. "It would've been a lot easier."Tony sighed. "We had to go to 1970."
Hulk wanted to enter, but Thor and Tony stopped him from entering. 
"Maybe we should've let him enter so 2023 me wouldn't have been hit in the head by the Hulk," said Tony. "And lose the Tesseract," Steve added. "It worked out in the end!" Bruce defended.
Thor told the Hulk to take the stairs, but the Hulk roared and punched the elevator.
Bruce cringed. 
On the ground floor, Tony and Thor were escorting Loki with SHIELD agents. However, Alexander Pierce and his men stopped them and asked Tony to hand over the case. 
Everyone scowled at seeing Pierce again. "Cue my mild cardiac dysrhythmia," Tony muttered. "It wasn't mild, Tony!" Peter cried. 
The case dropped to the floor. 
"Ah, there's my mild cardiac dysrhythmia."
2012 Loki raised his eyebrows. 2023 Scott kicked the case away as 2012 Loki looked confused. 
"I would be too," said Bucky. Although he had already seen how the rest of the Avengers had time-travelled, it was still mind-blowing to see. 
2023 Tony picked up the case, but Hulk burst through the door, causing both 2023 Tony and the Tesseract to fly back. 
Even though all of them knew that would happen, they all sighed in disappointment.
The Tesseract fell out of the case and slid to 2012 Loki's feet. He quickly grabbed the Tesseract and used it to escape. 
Everyone was incredibly curious to see where the other Loki would go and what would happen to him.Loki, however, wasn't looking forward to seeing a younger, more idiotic version of himself. 
2012 Thor asked where Loki was. 
Thor smiled. "We'll see now."
In the Gobi Desert, Mongolia, a portal opened in the sky as Loki fell out of it and landed in the sand. 2012 Loki was lying in a small crater. 
Everyone blinked in surprise. "I wasn't expecting Mongolia," said Bruce. "It was a quick escape," said Loki. "My alternate version didn't have time to think."
He tossed his mask aside and sat up to see Mongolians walking towards him. Loki looked at them and quickly stood on a rock. "I am Loki of Asgard, and I am burdened with glorious purpose."
Loki cringed as the original six Avengers looked at him incredulously. "Do you only have one line to introduce yourself?" asked Steve. "I bet he practises in the mirror," said Natasha. Steve and Natasha snickered. "What a drama queen," muttered Clint. Thor snorted. Loki had been King of Asgard for a few years, and all he had done was sit in his bathrobe and eat grapes while watching plays. 
A woman asked who Loki was in Mongolian. Loki was about to answer, but he looked over to see a rectangular orange portal open as three Minutemen walked out of it. They had 'TVA' written on their clothes. 
Everyone straightened up in their chairs. "Whoa," said Peter. "Who are they?" asked Scott. "TVA?"
The portal closed. A Minuteman scanned the Tesseract. "Never mind," Loki told the Mongolians and walked to the Minutemen. He told them not to touch the Tesseract. 
"Please don't," said Steve. "We messed up the 2012 timeline enough."
The Minutemen pointed their Time Sticks at Loki. 
Loki raised his eyebrow. "Staffs? What are staffs doing to do?"
Another portal opened up as Hunter B-15 passed through, who seemed like the leader. 
"She's the leader of this weird group then," said Natasha. "How does that portal work?!" Tony exclaimed. Bruce and Peter wanted to know as well. 
"Appea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Wanda Maximoff & Stephen Strange
Avengers Team & Loki
Bruce Banner & Loki & Thor
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Clint Barton & Loki
Bruce Banner & Clint Barton & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark & Thor
Sylvie (Loki TV) & Thor
Wanda Maximoff & Stephen Strange
Loki & Sylvie (Loki TV)

freeform: 
Loki is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Thor is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Thor Needs a Hug (Marvel)
Loki Needs a Hug (Marvel)
Loki & Thor Bro Feels (Marvel)
Loki & Thor Friendship (Marvel)
Loki (TV 2021) Season 1
Avengers Watch Loki
wanda and stephen are bffs
peter just wants to meet his variants
Brodinsons
sylvie is thor's sister
thor does not approve of his brother and sister kissing
Minor Loki/Mobius M. Mobius
Wanda Learns Magic
stephen is stressed once again
wait until he finds out that he fucked up too
scott desperately doesn't want to meet kang the conqueror (poor scott)
sacred timeline loki watches loki the show
sacred timeline loki is not fond of TVA loki
loki is tired of his variants
anti TVA steve rogers

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Wanda Maximoff & Stephen Strange
Avengers Team & Loki
Bruce Banner & Loki & Thor
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Clint Barton & Loki
Bruce Banner & Clint Barton & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark & Thor
Sylvie (Loki TV) & Thor
Wanda Maximoff & Stephen Strange
Loki & Sylvie (Loki TV)

