Chapter 1: Step One, Food
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The thing was, Bucky remembered Howard. He remembered his quick wit and charm when talking to girls, his steady jokes when he came out for drinks with them, and he remembered how steady his hands always were when he worked. Bucky also remembered killing him. That was probably why the little details he remembered about Howard seemed seared into him mind. It was also probably why Bucky became instantly protective of his son after Steve convinced him to come back to the tower and they all welcomed him with open arms. Tony was kind and charming and so damn friendly to Bucky even though they had all read the files about what he had done. “He’s not eating enough.” Bucky muttered as Tony walked out of the kitchen with his fourth cup of coffee that day. He had one frozen waffle before disappearing down into his workshop, only coming out for the hot coffee that was always ready. “He’s a grown man, Buck.” Steve said calmly with a soft shrug. “Can’t make him do anything he doesn’t want to do.” Bucky groaned and pushed Steve away from the fridge so he could grab everything he needed. “Does he have any allergies?” He asked, grabbing as much healthy food as he can find. “Not that I’m aware of.” Steve said. He took a step back and watched Bucky work. Eggs were good, everyone liked eggs. Bucky scrambled a few and put them into a pan. As they cooked he started chopping up vegetables. Mushrooms, tomatoes, and peppers, all cut into bite sized pieces and thrown into the pan. Bucky stirred the contents of the pan before grabbing a plate and going to the fridge. They had biscuits with dinner the night before and he grabbed the ziplock bag that had the left overs, putting two on the plate. Bucky grabbed a fork and carried the plate out of the kitchen, noting the sly grin on Steve’s face. He got into the elevator and frowned. There were no buttons. He had a small moment of panic as the doors slid shut. How was he supposed to get out without buttons? How was anyone supposed to get where they were going? “Is there a particular floor you want, Sergeant Barnes?” The voice asked. Bucky stayed perfectly calm, he knew the voice, it was a good voice. Everyone asked the voice for things and got everything they needed. “Take me to Tony?” He said slowly. He felt the elevator start to ascend slowly and smoothly. When the doors open he was greeted by a large expanse of space, covered in machinery and noise. Tony’s workshop took up a whole floor with half a dozen cars in one corner, several robots wheeling around, holograms floating every few feet, and bits of machinery lying around everywhere. Bucky made his way slowly through the mess until he found Tony half buried under a large machine he couldn’t recognize, his arms moving quickly as he worked and several tools lying forgotten next to him. Tony hadn’t responded to his presence, Bucky had a habit of moving soundlessly but he had assumed the voice would have announced his presence. Bucky placed the plate of food on a nearby table and walked over to Tony, kicking his foot lightly. The response was instantaneous. Tony’s head shot up quickly and banged against the machine. With a groan Tony pulled himself out from under the metal. He had a hand pressed to his forehead and he looked up at Bucky, confused. “If you’re going to kill me you could have at least did it without giving me a heart attack. I think I’m bleeding.” Tony said quickly. He pulled his hand back and yes, he was in fact bleeding. A sluggish line of blood was dripping from his forehead where it had hit the metal. Bucky grabbed Tony by the elbows and dragged him towards a chair, silently demanding he sit down. He looked around quickly, his eyes trailing over everything until he found what he needed, a red first aid kit abandoned in a corner. “Don’t move.” He said before marching over to retrieve it. Tony stayed where he was, slouching in the chair Bucky had dumped him in and returned his dirty, grease stained hand to his forehead. Bucky snatched it away when he came back and worked on cleaning the wound. “You shouldn’t touch it.” Bucky said. Tony shrugged. “It’s not that bad, it won’t even need stitches.” “That’s good news. That last thing I need is a trip to the hospital, Pepper would have a fit.” Tony said quickly. “Is this food, did you bring me food?” Tony’s attention had been drawn to the cooling plate of eggs on the table next to them. Bucky nodded and watched the man grab the plate gleefully. Now that he was up close he could tell, Tony had good muscle definition but not enough body fat. He really did need to eat more. Bucky had to hold Tony’s head still to finish bandaging it because while Tony ate he was growing increasingly fidgety. Tony hummed in appreciation as he piled on his eggs onto a biscuit and devoured it. His hands were moving quickly and smoothly as the fork scooped up all the small bits of food
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Getting Together
Caretaking
Protective Bucky Barnes
Oblivious Tony
Oblivious Bucky
Falling In Love
Allergies
Minor Injuries
Sick Tony
mother hen bucky
Nightmares
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Abuse
Implied/Referenced Torture
First Time
Relationship Negotiation
Pet Names
Bucky Feels
Tony Feels
Explicit Sexual Content
Cuddling & Snuggling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

