Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony hated magic. He really, really did.  So, it was with no small amount of surprised disgust to find himself standing around under the buzzing fluorescents of a hospital hallway, armored boots clicking loudly against the linoleum floor as he tried to stop himself from pacing, and discover that his first reaction to the news of Steve’s condition was one of a grasping, clawing kind of relief.  Though, guilt at the complete selfishness of that thought followed quickly on its heels, like the world’s worst consolation prize.  How could he think that, even for a moment?  This was Cap…Steve…and it was hard to think of someone who deserved this less than Steve.  Hell, Tony might have been willing to volunteer for Loki’s little treatment, if given a choice.  Last couple of years had not exactly been his best, all things considered.  Panic attacks.  Malibu.  Killian.  The break-up with Pepper.  And then…well, and then everything else that he was definitely not going to factor into his reaction to any of this.“You’re sure?” Tony asked Natasha, who was holding a tablet in one hand, brow furrowed as she scrolled through whatever data was reflected on the screen. “We’re sure.  Every memory since the last time he saw Loki is just gone. Wiped away by whatever spell it was Loki hit him with,” Natasha said, almost absently as he eyes scanned the charts on the screen, no doubt looking for whatever it was Bruce asked her to send him from Steve's medical records. Jolly Green was still recovering in the Tower basement. “My brother’s spell was intended for me, to take my knowledge of the aether, and what it can do, and steal from me the truth that he sat the throne in our Father’s place,” Thor explained, sounding grim.  “Our Captain threw his shield and deflected Loki’s spell at the last moment, or that would have been my fate. Now, I fear, it is he who must suffer this violation. As Loki has escaped to realms unknown, I can only hope there is some aid for the Captain to be found on Asgard.”“Might be the best recourse we have at this point,” Natasha agreed. “Then I shall be off, my friends.  I will return as soon as I have anything to report,” Thor said as he bid them both farewell.  He picked up his hammer and marched down the hall, nodding amiably to the man shuffling up and down the hall pushing his IV bags along on a pole who just blinked at him in confusion before going back to haranguing the nurse for more jello.“Clint is with him,” Natasha rejoined after watching Thor disappear down the hallway, her lips pursing tightly.  “I think he wanted to be the one to tell him.  After what happened before.”  Tony just nodded silently, starting down the hall to the closed door.  It made sense for Barton to do it, of course.  He was the one who had experienced his own loss of self at Loki’s hand, after all.  At least he could offer some understanding of what Steve was going through.  So, yeah, it definitely made sense for Barton to be in there, for him to be the one…and if Steve really didn’t remember anything since they saw Loki back to Asgard the last time…then Tony’s presence would be…unexpected, if not actually unwelcome.And really, why should he be in there?  It wasn’t his place just because of what happened between them.  Sure, they’d gotten better with each other since New York, and particularly, in the time since Steve and the rest of the Avengers moved into the Tower.  Hell, next to Bruce, he probably spent about as much time with Steve as anyone, going over some of the tech upgrades or helping him work the new gadgets Tony provided to the team, dissecting missions, coming up with ideas for what the team might be able to use in the field, or some problem that needed Tony’s help to fix, that kind of thing. He had to give Steve credit for always wanting to understand the technology he was expected to utilize, or, if not fully understand it, at least come to grips with what it could do and how best he could put it to use.  God knew, Tony loved to talk about his tech, and a willing ear was a rare thing.  When they actually managed to find a shared topic, they tended to manage surprisingly productive and engaging conversations, though not without their disagreements.  Though, to be fair, he was pretty sure Steve had goaded him into the whole Star Wars/Star Trek debacle by deliberately confusing the two then going all wide-eyed innocent when Tony went apoplectic. So, there had been something there that was vaguely like friendship.  Camaraderie, perhaps. They worked together often enough after the fall of SHIELD and what happened in California to allow a slow understanding and respect to replace the outright animosity, though it was like whatever impression had formed initially could never quite be let go, always sending them both skittering when anything got too close to personal.  Like the thing with the radio.  The god-damn, fucking radio.  It had been a joke—he hadn’t meant anything by it—well, okay, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pining Steve Rogers
Pining Steve
So Much Pining Steve
Oblivious Tony
Oblivious Tony Stark
Pining Tony Stark
Memory Loss
Magic
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
Virgin Steve Rogers
Jealous Tony Stark
Possessive Tony Stark
mentions of internalized homophobia
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Getting Together
Fanart
Amnesia
Temporary Amnesia
Friends With Benefits
Friends to Lovers
Mutual Pining
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

