Work Text:
The Avengers, as a whole, ate a lot. A lot. (Half of that was Thor, Tony was positive.)Tony, personally, tended to drink his meals — whether in the form of coffee or something with a higher proof — unless there were cheeseburgers or pizza to hand, or just if someone else basically reminded him that food was supposed to be something people chewed.Pepper did this by asking him very pointed questions about when his last meal had been, with big, guilt-inducing eyes. Rhodey did it by pretending to be starving until Tony gave up and had JARVIS call for takeout.Steve, the newest person to decide that Tony needed a keeper and consequently volunteer for the job, did it primarily by collaring the back of Tony’s neck and leading him into the kitchen, then making him sit at the table (where he never got to drink more than two cups of coffee) while Steve cooked him breakfast.Every day.Sometimes, Steve made enough for everyone, without prompting — even though it was pretty obvious that the cooking was mostly a means to keep Tony properly nourished — but sometimes he didn’t, and then, well. When he didn’t, this happened.Tony glared at the circling vultures and tugged his plate a little closer.Across the table, Thor stared at Tony’s breakfast, and made hungry eyes.Natasha licked her lips.“I thought this was a team thing, now,” said Barton, sounding like a whine to Tony’s ears.Tony considered pouting, but he didn’t think it would work on anyone but Steve, and Tony wasn’t exactly in danger of him stealing Tony’s food, not when he’d gone to so much trouble to get Tony to eat it in the first place.Tony would be a step away from hissing at everyone like a feral cat, if it weren’t so undignified, so ridiculous, but they were really good eggs and Steve made them, just for Tony, and — wait, who was he kidding? Tony totally had no shame.He swallowed, wrapped his arm around his plate; bared his teeth and said “Mine.”“You will not share your sustenance?” said Thor, gone over all mournful and big sad puppy.Tony averted his eyes. He had a weakness, sure, but he knew how to handle it. Natasha just stared, unimpressed. She was badass that way.Steve, on the other hand, was an unrepentant sucker for that look — which was hilarious and ironic and adorable, because Steve used it himself, frequently and to great effect, like the freaking ninja captain of woebegone faces — and so he caved. Utterly.“I’ll make you some eggs, too,” Steve told Thor, who lit up with a huge smile just like that, Thor was so easy for food.Tony curled around his eggs and judged them.

—
The weekly ‘Avengers, please remember to behave like the adults you allegedly are; also, here are any new obligations we have for you’ briefing was delayed — from what Tony could tell, hacking into SHIELD security feeds, it was because Coulson was needed to deal with some junior agent’s gooey, acidic green mistake in one of the lower levels — and, really, when you put that many superheroes in the same room without any explosions or food or similarly shiny distracting things, they could only go so long without talking, and no longer.Tony was just deciding where best to poke Steve to get his attention, and Steve was looking at him expectantly, sidelong under his lashes, like he knew it was coming — which sort of made Tony want to burst out into song and dance, and sort of made him want to hide under the table — when someone else broke the silence.“How do you do it, Captain?”“Do what, Bruce?” asked Steve, looking up.“Put up with…” Banner gestured at Tony. “That.”Tony’s eyebrows twitched, but that was it. He wasn’t surprised by the question, had been expecting it, actually, but he was surprised that it had taken them this long to ask.Steve, bless him, frowned, like he didn’t understand the question. “What are you talking about?”And, see, this was because Tony hadn’t actually changed when he and Steve started getting along instead of bickering every other minute, but Steve reacted to him like Tony had, like maybe he’d honestly forgotten how annoying Tony was. Which was nice. Really nice. Most people never let up about how annoying Tony was.(To be fair, Tony was pretty sure that Thor liked him just fine, but then again, Thor saved some of his fondest feelings for Loki, so Tony was also pretty sure that Thor actually didn’t get a say anymore.)“He’s talking about Stark,” said Natasha, dry as freaking dust, “And how impossible he is.”Oh, well, thanks for that.“Thank you for that, Agent Romanoff,” Tony muttered.She just looked at him.That was never going to get less unnerving. Never.“No, really,” Banner said. “How are you immune?”“Was it his father? He was supposed to have worked with you. Were you inoculated against Starks?” asked Barton. Tony considered flinging a pen at his smirky little face… but if he did, he’d probably miss, and that would be embarrassing considering this was Hawkeye, and Hawkeye probably didn’t miss even with pens.“That makes us sound like an infectious disease,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

