Work Text:
Peter was sitting on a rooftop making a mental pros and cons list of who to come out to first (currently a three-way tie between Aunt May, Mary Jane, and Captain America) when Wade Wilson popped up beside him and said seriously, “We need to talk.”Deadpool’s presence was not in and of itself a surprise. He’d been showing up unexpectedly for months to steal Peter’s homework and give it back with every question incorrectly answered, eat Peter’s food, pontificate on the benefits of owning sea monkeys, or occasionally help fight bad guys. He just didn’t usually sound serious. “What’s wrong? Did you accidentally eat caramelized onions again? Or meet a cute puppy?”“Yes to both,” Wade answered. “But I also…” He held up Peter’s backpack, which had gone missing the day before. “I’m not saying I was snooping, but I was looking through your belongings without permission, and—”Peter snatched the bag from Wade’s hands and took off.He and Wade had spent dozens of nights playing tag on patrol before, but they’d never raced; he wasn’t sure he could outrun him. It didn’t matter because Wade didn’t follow.When Peter got home he locked the door to his room and unzipped the backpack. The copy of ‘Trans Bodies, Trans Selves’ that he’d stolen from the library was there, its cover torn off and its pages stuffed full with bookmarks.  The mascara and lipstick he’d shoplifted were still mixed with his mess of pens.He couldn’t stop himself from shaking. This felt worse than the times Mary Jane and Harry had almost stumbled on his Spider-Man identity. He felt twisted, and ashamed, and vulnerable.When his legs gave out, he sat down on the bed, and the contents of the bag shifted. A bright white envelope had been mixed in with his chemistry homework (which was now covered in doodles of Beetle Bailey). Wade had scrawled ‘Parker’ on the front the envelope in pink gel pen. Inside was a Hallmark card which said, ‘Congratulations! It’s a GIRL!’*Deadpool didn’t show up again for nearly a month, during which time Peter’s Spidey-senses were on high-alert. He slept poorly when he slept at all. He snapped at Harry and Mary Jane. He yelled at Aunt May, which left him feeling absolutely wretched, despite her assurances that she accepted his apology muffins.He hadn’t realized how little he actually knew about Deadpool. He knew that his real name was Wade Wilson, that he liked everything but onions on pizza, that he had a twitter account to campaign against cruelty to the Slow Loris, and that if anyone other than Peter was around, he couldn’t stay silent for more than three seconds.But he didn’t know where Wade lived or how to get in touch with him.So Peter waited, his secret growing heavier with every breath he took.*He was standing on one of three buildings downtown that didn’t offer any good jumping-off points, trying to decide whether to climb down the outside of the building or take the elevator, when Wade showed up holding two boxes of pizza“Long time no see,” Peter said, trying to get his heart to stop pounding.“I’ve been busy.”“You weren’t avoiding me?” Peter took his mask off and grabbed a slice with a shaky hand.“Why would I avoid you?” Wade asked, pulling up just the bottom of his mask to stuff an entire piece of pizza in his mouth at once.“Because of the whole, you know…” Peter gestured down at himself. The costume really left nothing to the imagination. The spider bite had robbed him of any soft flesh that he’d once had. He was all lean muscle. No curves to speak of. No hips. No chest. Just long, rangy limbs, big feet, knobby knees.“Oh, the boy thing?” Wade asked, his mouth full.Peter, who usually thought of it as the girl thing, blinked at him. “Yeah.”“Is it a secret?”“Yes!”“Okay,” Wade said.Peter shifted his weight from foot to foot, watching Wade pick onions off his pizza and put them on Peter’s. “How do I know you won’t tell anyone?”The full weight of Wade’s gaze fell on Peter like a net threatening to catch him. Then Wade reached up, grabbed the bottom of his own mask, and peeled it the rest of the way off his face.Peter knew it would be bad. He’d seen the bottom half of Wade’s face enough times that he thought he’d gotten used to the ravaged skin. All together though, it was…horrific. He looked like a burn victim who’d caught the plague. As Peter watched, patches of skin healed, becoming pink and soft, only to be torn apart a moment later.He didn’t hide his revulsion well enough.Wade turned away and said, “Now we both have leverage.”Peter grabbed Wade’s wrist before he could pull the mask back on. Wade went still and didn’t move even as Peter slipped in front of him and stared at his face again.“You have a nice nose,” he said finally. It was straight and narrow, with wide nostrils, a notch in the middle that only showed every-so-often as his face shifted. “And—and your eyes—”He dropped his hold on Wade’s wrist when he realized he’d been staring into the man’s eyes for a socially-unacceptable length of time.Wade just said, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Aunt May/The World

freeform: 
Transgender
Jelly Beans
Awkward Flirting
Awesome First Date Ideas
Making Out
Coming Out
transvengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Aunt May/The World

