Work Text:
Tony's stripping and cleaning his current armor when the dulcet tones of Bonn Scott screaming about his willingness to do dodgy business at a bargain price drops in volume. It can only be Steve, because everyone else with unrestricted access has zero qualms about shutting Tony's music down completely; only Steve thinks it too rude to turn off another man's stereo.
'I'm almost done here,' he says, not turning around, because really? Steve needs to learn that it's not the 40s any longer, that rudeness is the standard now. 'But I just finished souping the Tesla up if-'
His chest hits the bench, scattering a myriad of screws and circuits, and Steve kicks Tony's chair out of the way. Steve leans into Tony, his chest pressed into Tony's back, hands pinning Tony's beside his head. 'Uh, we could take the Mustang if you've developed issues with electric cars?'
It comes out more breathless and uncertain than he intended, but when Captain America has you pinned and helpless, he reasons, a boy's mind is bound to wander in fun directions. He spares a moment to fantasise that this is because Steve has some casual funtimes in mind, instead of whatever infraction of Tony's needs to be punished this time-
That thought skitters to a hault when Steve leans in and smells Tony, nuzzling behind his ear and humming so loudly it reverbrates in Tony's chest. Which is still pressed against his work bench.
'Steve?' Tony tries to move, but Steve's hands tighten and he sets his teeth in a gentle warning against Tony's neck. 'What're you doing?'
Steve nudges Tony's legs apart with his knees and rubs a, wow really hot cock against Tony's arse. 'God, Tony,' he pants, sounding wrecked already. 'Tony I need... I want...'
Tony's already pushing back, spreading wider; the pavlovian training of twenty years on the sensualist circuit kicking in when rational thought is stuck in a loop. Apparently that's all the answer Steve needs, because he lets Tony's hands go, scrabbling with the fly on Tony's jeans and shoving denim and... well, apparently Tony forgot underwear today, and Steve ruts against him, clutching Tony's hips and groaning when he finds that out.
'Tonytonytonytony,' Steve chants into Tony's ear, trailing wet, open mouthed kisses across his shoulders.
'Steve..' Tony breathes as Steve frees himself from his own pants, pressing hot and huge against Tony's back, then he tenses. This isn't Steve; this isn't straight, sober, polite Steve. 'Wait, you don't-'
Steve bites down on Tony's neck; not hard enough to bruise, not any harder than Tony's enjoyed before, but hard enough from Steve to be a warning. Tony goes limp, and Steve soothes the bite with his tongue, murmuring unintelligibly.
'Did something happen today?' Tony tries, angling his neck to give Steve the greater access he seems to be after and forcing himself to ignore how hard he's gotten. 'Steve? Think about what you're doing, we should get you to the infirmary; let Hank check you out.'
Steve's hands trail up Tony's flanks, peeling the grease stained tank top off him, and Tony's shamefully pleased that Steve can't see the mess of scars on his chest. He could be anyone bent over this bench; Steve won't have to hate him for giving in like this.
Steve's hands move across his back, then, down to his arse and his cock slides stickily through Tony's crack. Tony bucks against the bench and swears as Steve starts thrusting.
'Wait,' he pants, hands blindly grabbing at things on the bench before finding some vaseline under a spare tablet. Not so good as Glide, but better by far than going dry or using fucking motor oil or whatever Steve might grab in the state he's in. He holds it over his shoulder. 'Use this.'
Steve takes it silently and before Tony can catch his breath,t here are two slick fingers nudging at his hole. 'Oh God,' he drops his head against the bench. 'JARVIS, lockdown. No one, not even Pepper gets to this floor until I say.'
'Very good, sir,' JARVIS replies, and Tony could swear there's a hint of approval in his tone. The lights against the elevator go dark, and the door at the top of the stairs clanks closed.
Steve scissors his fingers, brushing Tony's prostate as he slides his other hand around to jerk Tony's cock in a loose fist. Tony shouts and bites his tongue, banging his chin on bare steel and Steve slides a third finger in.
'Steve...' Tony groans, biting at his lip to stop anything more incriminating from escaping.
Steve pulls his fingers free, leaving Tony feeling empty for a full ten seconds before he's pressing something much more impressive in, mouth worrying at the spot on Tony's neck which Tony is now sure will be the mother of all hickeys in about an hour.
It seems to take hours before Steve is pressed flush against Tony's back, panting in Tony's ear and muttering something which sounds suspiciously like 'I love you', but Tony isn't masochistic enough to let himself hear that from Steve, so he clenches around Steve and growls 'Come on, then. Fuck me,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
dub con
Sex Pollen
First Time
Barebacking
No beta we die like mne

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

