Work Text:
It is, for once, quiet. Erik is unused to the silence. Since he’d been dragged from his home by SS officers, clutching his mother’s hand desperately and screaming as they’d broken his father’s nose for resisting, he has been caught in a constant flurry of action and movement. The years of the concentration camp with Schmidt were harrowing, and he tries hard not to reflect on them. Afterwards, he’d spent every waking moment chasing leads on Herr Doktor and hunting down Nazis through eight countries and three continents. Then had come Charles, then the mutant recruitment quest, then settling in at the CIA facility that was to be their base of operations. There hadn’t been a moment of peace before Charles Xavier came into his life and there hasn’t been a moment of peace since. But now—now it is quiet, and Erik finds it unnerving. “Unnerving?” Charles murmurs from the couch. He’s lying on his back, eyes closed and hands folded neatly across his stomach. “Really, Erik? I thought you’d rather enjoy it. The quiet.” Erik frowns with a disapproval he’s sure Charles can detect from across the room. “Stay out.” Charles’s brow furrows, and he says apologetically, “I’m sorry, my friend. It’s a habit.” Erik’s frown deepens. Honestly, for a man claiming such high moral ground, Charles is sometimes distressingly casual with his telepathy. “A habit? Of invading people’s minds?” “Of skimming thoughts,” Charles corrects. “Just touching the surface of their minds.” He opens his eyes and turns his head to meet Erik’s gaze. “You know where all the metal in this room is, don’t you?”Of course Erik does. He doesn’t go anywhere without a nearly subconscious awareness of the metal in his surroundings. It calls to him, thrums a deep pulse in his mind that is comforting because it reminds him that all he has to do is lift a hand and he will have a dozen weapons at his disposal. He is never helpless, not while his fingertips tingle with the hum of metal. “Yes,” he answers, concentrating more consciously on the room. The coin in his pocket, Charles’s watch, the pen on the desk, the base of the lamp—he feels them all. “That’s how it is with me,” Charles explains. “With my telepathy. You touch all the metal around you, whether you mean to or not. It’s instinct. I touch the minds around me in the same way.”The explanation makes Erik pause. He has reminded Charles—sometimes sharply—to keep out of his thoughts, but he has never really thought of what his order means. If what Charles told him is true…He tries to imagine shutting off his awareness of metal, tries to not feel the watch band around Charles’s wrist, and can’t. “Oh,” he says, chastised. “I…” He wants to tell Charles that he understands, but he still doesn’t want to relinquish the privacy of his thoughts. It’s his mind, not Charles’s, and no matter the power of telepathy, Erik wants to keep his thoughts his own. Fortunately, Charles knows what he means without having to be told. “It’s no imposition on me, asking me to keep out,” he reassures him. “Raven’s been asking me the same for years. It just takes a certain amount of concentration. If I don’t pull out deliberately, I catch stray thoughts, that’s all.” “All right,” Erik says. He’s glad that Charles will continue to respect his boundaries, but the next time Charles slips, he resolves to be more patient about it. Charles smiles at him briefly and closes his eyes again. Erik leans back in his armchair and takes the coin from his pocket. He lets it float between his fingers, an exercise he’s found calming when he’s idle. Suddenly, Charles sits up, so abruptly that Erik starts. “Stay here,” he says, his voice perfectly even. Too even. It makes Erik wary all at once. “I’ll be right back.” He stands and leaves the room, hands thrust in the pockets of his trousers. Erik doesn’t hesitate; he pockets the coin and heads out after him, wondering at the disturbance. It can’t be serious or else Charles would never look so calm. But it must be something because Charles’s shoulders are tensed slightly and his stride is quick. “What’s happened?” Erik asks, lengthening his own stride to keep up. “A small matter, really,” Charles replies without breaking his pace. “But one that must be addressed, nonetheless.” He leads the way down the hall, takes a left at the corner, and exits the building through the back door. Erik is impressed by Charles’s sense of direction; they’ve been at the facility for less than two days and Charles is already navigating around like he owns the place. Charles strides through the back path, up a flight of stairs, and straight on to the courtyard that is framed by the buildings of the base. Erik sees the problem immediately. Raven and the others are standing just outside the room they usually pass their time in, all of them in a line like they’re bracing themselves for attack. All of them are sporting stiff spines and disgruntled expressions. Disgruntled in this case ranges from Hank’s uncomfortable frown to Al
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
BAMF!Charles
CIA agents are bullies
protective!Charles
Do Not Mess With the Children
Charles has a stick
and it is big
Charles is a pacifist
but not really
telepathy is scary
and Erik likes it

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

