Chapter 1: Avengers As Mutants
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Jane wasn't sure, really, what to make of her new position at the School and Home for the Intelligent of Exemplary Learning and Development (or SHIELD, as everyone else called it). Vice Principal Coulson has assured her that she'd be able to continue her focus on studying wormholes and gaining access to uncharted corners of the universe. She'd only be required to teach the minimum of four classes per week: two 5th grade science classes, an 8th grade general science class, and the 12th grade Honours astronomy class. And Jane had been given a TA to assist with lesson planning and grading - all Jane would have to do was lecture and approve whatever Darcy came up with. So that was pretty great. But the school...Jane wasn't against mutants. She didn't care, really, because it had no bearing on her research. Right now, mutants were funding her research, so that was certainly a plus in their column. She had to admit, though, that sometimes it was... a little weird.Like her TA. Darcy Lewis could mimic everyone and everything, and it was a bit off-putting when she parroted Jane's own voice back to her. Though it was also kind of convenient when Jane was ducking calls from her alma mater. Darcy was a lot better at politely saying 'no, I won't be donating to the alumni fund' than Jane was.Jane's students (when she looked up from her research long enough to notice them) were all very bright. But one of the seniors liked to hand assignments in by stretching his arm from the middle of the room rather than walk from his desk to hers. And another student would rather make herself invisible than be called on, which Jane didn’t exactly understand because according to Darcy’s notes, Susan Storm was extremely gifted in astronomy and had the potential to really take off in the field. So Jane would call on her anyway if the girl was marked down for attendance. But Susan’s brother (one of the 8th graders) set himself on fire when he was bored. Jane would be in the middle of her lesson and suddenly Johnny would be on fire again. It was horribly distracting (and terrifying), which Darcy explained might be the little fucker's point.Most of her students - when they were behaving themselves - could easily be taken as non-mutants, but not everyone. Like one of her 5th graders, a dour little boy named Ben, who was covered in thick, pebbly skin the colour of macaroni and cheese. Or Jenny Walters, who was unnaturally strong and green, though still a very attractive 8th grade girl. Jane liked Jenny because she would thump Johnny the firebug in the arm whenever she saw he was about to start something. Jane would have to reprimand Jenny because violence wasn't condoned in the classroom, but she tried to keep her discipline tactics on the smaller scale and Jenny always got full extra credit points.So teaching mutants when she herself wasn’t one could get a little strange. Jane had always been a minority in her field – being the only woman in advanced and potentially intergalactic astrophysics was something she was proud of, though Jane knew she stood alone. And even now among her fellow teachers, Jane was a minority being a non-mutant.The sedate biology teacher, Dr Banner, was born with the ability to turn into an unnaturally strong, giant green rage monster. Which made Jane shudder when she thought about what his Terrible Twos phase must have been like... his poor parents. When he wasn’t teaching, though, Dr Banner was working on the mutant genome. He specialty had been genetics before he left the public sector and Jane loved getting into discussions with him about his work.A hyperactive man named Tony Stark could manipulate metal and electricity, and he used his abilities to help in his shop class… when he could focus long enough to actually teach class. Like electricity hitting metal, Tony was sharp and bright but not entirely focused without a conductor. Jane thought it was pretty lucky that he had a few around him. One was his wife Pepper Potts, who taught English and Composition. Pepper glowed like an ember, the light shifting and undulating under her skin. Jane noticed a few times that the space around Pepper was always slightly warmer than the rest of the room, and she wondered if the woman really was on fire from the inside.Steve Rogers could teleport himself through space - and time if he concentrated hard enough. He taught art, but subbed in for history and sociology when needed. He was a little shy, but had a surprising amount of sass in him. Jane noticed he went blow-for-blow with Darcy when it came to snappy comebacks and one-liners.The actual history teacher, an ex-Airman named Sam Wilson, could fly. He’d been born with wings, great big brown-feathered wings the span of which was akin to a small plane. Though these days he only had one real one while the other was mechanical. Sam explained to Jane on the f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
pre-Jane Foster/Thor
pre-Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers - Relationship
implied Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Clint Barton
pre-Darcy Lewis/Phil Coulson
Howard Stark/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/OMC
Pepper Potts & Steve Rogers
pre-Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson - Relationship
one-sided Steve Rogers/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Jane Foster (friendship)
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov (previous relationship)

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
One Shot
Things I'll Get To One Day
mutant!au
dog wedding
stupidly elaborate plans
found your card in a library book
Harlem Reperations
Bruce is too fluffy for words
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Darcy Lewis is Phil Coulson's Daughter
rad cover of awesome music
Secret Relationship
blind dates
Board Games
monopoly
Bad Ideas
Kid!Fic
Age Regression
Odin's A+ Parenting
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Time Travel
Soulmarks
weird family trees
I don't know how this happened
Immortality
more immortality
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Feels
Darcy Feels
why so angsty
mystery dad
not a good story
Darcy's Mom get all the awards
YAY FRIENDSHIP
Fire Alarms
hamster - Freeform
Fuzzwad Dorkface Lewis III
this is totally how i see them meeting in cannon
early morning wake-ups
mentions of rippling pectorals
non-traditional siblings
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Star Wars Jokes
poor steve
Poor Tony
Star Trek References
Ultron is the borg
brain trauma recovery
Seizures
Character Death
or kind of death
Poor Bucky
Steve really does like Darcy
First Meetings
Jane and Darcy are going to be such good friends
wack presents
Poor Darcy
radio show au
Secret Identity
Meet-Cute
Paris - Freeform
Sad Birthdays
not-sad birthdays
spysassins
three spysassins
who the hell knows
they sure don't

fandom: 
pre-Jane Foster/Thor
pre-Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers - Relationship
implied Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Clint Barton
pre-Darcy Lewis/Phil Coulson
Howard Stark/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/OMC
Pepper Potts & Steve Rogers
pre-Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson - Relationship
one-sided Steve Rogers/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Jane Foster (friendship)
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov (previous relationship)

