Work Text:
Fury had been harping on about better photo ops, but Phil didn't really need the heart attack. Granted, Clint striding out of the smoke with two kids, one a blond boy he was holding fetched up on his hip and the other darker haired and being towed along by the over-sized shirt he was wearing would make excellent copy, but Phil hadn't known if Clint was alive or dead for a whole three minutes.That was three minutes too long. "Where the hell did you find those?"Clint just shakes his head. It's possible his hearing's shot from the giant explosion that buried the street in dust and debris. Phil has to wait until he gets closer, amused that the dark haired boy Clint's dragging along actually looks annoyed, little arms crossed and scowling. The blonde boy on the other hand is the right kind of adorable for their PR machine and he doesn't look at all worried about being carried. "Where the hell-?" he starts to ask again but Clint jerks his head, not here. Clint's eyes dart around, taking in the clustered news media that are always too damn close to the action for Phil to be comfortable. Phil sighs. Clint is probably the one that's the least comfortable about the attention the Avengers garner apart from Natasha, but he'd been in on Fury's dressing down just like the rest of them about playing nice. "Give me this one," Phil says, holding a hand out at the sullen kid. "Get some photos taken with the one actually happy to be rescued, then we can head back for a debrief.""No touching me!" the sullen kid shrills, scowling harder and Phil just blinks at him. Right before it dawns on him what this actually is. "Oh my god," Phil groans, smacking a hand over his face just as a tiny Tony Stark marches up to him and very determinedly and with great gusto, kicks him in the shin.The media loves it.

*
"I just want to keep him forever!""Darcy, put Steve down," Phil orders, watching Steve blush furiously as Darcy sweeps him up and cuddles the daylights out of him. He's still Steve is the thing, completely mentally intact if not physically all there. Darcy had appeared right after Steve and Tony were cleared and sprung from isolation. "I'm cute too," Tony complains as Darcy sets Steve down with a pout."She's not letting you near her boobs regardless of size, Stark," Clint says and Tony pokes his tongue out at him."My friends!" Thor booms. He'd missed the fun, having been called back to Asgaard by his mother right before the explosions and the... shrinking. "I had heard you had been brought low but I had not known how literally.""Haw, haw," Tony grumbles as Thor reaches out a large hand and pats Tony on the head. Tony looks furious, launches himself at Thor but Natasha catches him deftly and holds him, pin-wheeling arms and legs and all. While she thinks he's distracted Darcy's been sidling closer to Steve, actually has her arms scooped back under his when Phil spots her, shakes his head.She humphs and flounces out of the room."Apart from this being hilarious, what's this all mean?" Clint asks, dropping a companionable hand on Steve's shoulder. Tony has given up trying to attack and is hanging loose in Natasha's grip, looking pathetic. "I'm still me," Tony says. "Give me a day or so to build a new suit and we'll be back to business." He looks thoughtful for a second, odd since he's still dangling. "Hey, smaller might actually mean faster."Phil catches out of the corner of his eye Steve's wince. Tony might not be limited by a size differential but Steve certainly is. Phil's read his file, knows this is probably Steve's idea of a nightmare coming true.Jane appears in the infirmary doorway with a puzzled look on her face. "Darcy said something about me needing to come and hug Steve because it would be good for my soul," she says. She looks up from the tablet she's holding, spots Steve who had been edging behind Clint's leg and her face just melts into this weird, gooey adoration. "Oh my god.""I'm going to start getting a complex," Tony gripes.

*
"I can tie my shoes."Phil just stares at Steve's tiny feet for a second before he lets out an embarrassed huff. SHIELD had come up with miniature versions of the training uniform, lord knows why they had sizes that small, and it had been automatic to drop to one knee when Phil had dug the small shoes out of their box. "Sorry, yes, of course," Phil says, hands the shoes over when Steve makes gimme hands.Thankfully Steve looks more amused than annoyed. "This has to be some kind of magic, right?" Steve asks as he hunkers down and makes quick work of his laces. Tony's been kind of clumsy, not used to the changes in his body yet but Steve's adapted quickly. Phil suspects it has something to do with the serum. Steve might be strong for his size, they'll have to do some tests."I'd say so," Phil agrees. "I think if anyone had come up with a fountain of youth in a lab they'd be wasting time weaponizing it since they could pretty much rule humanity by bottling the stuff." Steve huffs a laugh 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
de-ageing
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

