Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The letter arrives one day at Bucky's apartment in Brooklyn. By "arrives," it should be taken to mean that Bucky enters the house to find a pristine white envelope lying on the hardwood floor. No sender or addressee. Simply white, neat, and clearly pushed through the gap at the bottom of the door by someone during his absence to go grocery shopping.Seconds tick by and Bucky's still standing by the entrance, scowling at the offending object with an icy stare of suspicion. The super-soldier holds a paper bag in each hand filled with beer cans and a more or less random assortment of premade food, but these weights don't seem to register with him. What does register is the way his hair stands up on the back of his neck, for despite the lack of any supporting evidence, he simply knows who the sender is.Eventually, Bucky breaks his motionless state and, ignoring the envelope, walks across the open kitchen to the refrigerator and flings it open. He removes the groceries from the bags and places them on the shelves. All the while, he's glaring at the cans and packages as if they had made an incredibly distasteful comment about his mother. Once he's done with this task, he shuts the refrigerator and reaches for his bottle collection on the counter, grabs a glass, and pours a generous amount of whiskey into it.After a quick gulp, Bucky turns around and looks at the envelope again. It's on the floor just like before, just as he left it. So it's not a hallucination, as he had faintly hoped for in a glimmer of misplaced optimism.He realizes there’s no point in postponing the inevitable and goes to the door, bends over to collect the envelope, and then proceeds to the armchair in front of the television, allowing himself to sink into the soft cushions. Only then does he realize the envelope’s sealed with a crimson wax seal with a "Z" on it. His stomach twitches.
Great.
Cracking the seal, he opens the flap and extracts the letter. A message is handwritten on heavy, expensive-looking paper, in practiced calligraphic strokes. Bucky’s astonished to discover how the same hand that won’t hesitate to shoot a bullet at a man in cold blood can also create such elegant letters.Finally, he begins to read the letter's contents, leaning forward on the seat in a hunched position: 
James, 
I hope you don't mind that I made arrangements with  Oeznik  to deliver this letter. I’m writing it shortly after I escaped from the Dora Milaje, and I anticipate we'll meet tomorrow. Regardless of the outcome of that encounter, there’s something I wanted to tell you since I couldn't do so in Riga.
You're not just a "super-soldier" or "death" to me. While I still strongly oppose the idea of enhanced humans, James Barnes wasn’t given a choice. You're a victim of the same organization I hunted for many years, and the more time I spend with you, the more I realize that things aren’t as black and white as I originally thought. As I said before, I don't hold a grudge against you, and I'm sorry for what I did to you all those years ago... In fact, there's little I regret more in life. I realize it's no excuse, but I wasn't quite myself back then.
I have no hope that we'll ever meet again in this world. Perhaps, in another life, our paths will cross under more favorable circumstances. If that happens, I wish I can make amends to you somehow and that you can find it in your heart to forgive me. In the meantime, thank you for trusting me enough to bring me along on your journey. I'm sure that our times together will be of comfort to me in the solitude of prison or the afterlife.
Yours sincerely,

Helmut Z.
 When Bucky's finished with the words inscribed on the sheet of immaculate paper, he goes back to the beginning and reads them all over again. Twice. Thrice. Then, his eyes wander off and settle on the black screen of the turned-off television.He knows he should think about the contents of Zemo's letter, but he's drained and with very little willpower to do so. What's more, he doesn't even know where to begin. Neither does he notice that his fingers, both flesh-and-blood and metallic, are crumpling the paper with sufficient force to risk tearing it in half. When he realizes what he’s doing, he immediately releases his grip and folds the letter, slipping it back into its envelope.Bucky has half a mind to burn the damn thing, that stupid stamp and the fancy paper and the pretty handwriting. Why should he trust the words of a guy whose favored authors happen to be the likes of Machiavelli? Obviously, Zemo's messing with his head, just like Sam said he would. To hell with his fucking tricks!However, a dull and throbbing ache in his heart prevents him from carrying out this plan. Bucky vividly recalls the hurt look Zemo gave him when he knocked his tea off the tray. Zemo's eyes that were filled with genuine panic when Bucky shook him awake from his nightmare. The anticipation in his face the moment Zemo saw Bucky bring the revolver to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Helmut Zemo
James "Bucky" Barnes & Helmut Zemo

freeform: 
Mission Fic
Slow Burn
Post-Canon
Canon Compliant
The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (TV) Compliant
Letters
Sexual Tension
Belligerent Sexual Tension
Unresolved Emotional Tension
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags Contain Spoilers
Bucky Barnes Has Nightmares
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Collars
Male-Female Friendship
Wakandan Technology (Marvel)
Mission Reports
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
The Raft Prison (Marvel)
Reunions
Flirting
Awkward Tension
Mutual Pining
Necks
Guilt
Masturbation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Helmut Zemo
James "Bucky" Barnes & Helmut Zemo

