Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

I took a heavenly ride through our silence
I knew the moment had arrived
For killing the past and coming back to life

Coming Back to Life, Pink Floyd
 Loki watched Frigga as she tended to Odin, her gentle hands caressing his face. The king of Asgard laid still and quiet on the bed, surrounded by the magic of the Odinsleep. It was not the first time Loki had seen the man like this, yet this time was different.Everything was different now. He knew the truth, at last.His mind was in complete turmoil, and all he could think was that… he had been lied to. His entire life was a lie.“I asked him to be honest with you from the beginning,” Frigga (no longer mother, because she wasn’t) said. “There should be no secrets in a family.”Yet in this family there were nothing but secrets, apparently, Loki thought. “So why did he lie?”“He kept the truth from you so that you would never feel different. You are in every way our son, Loki, and we your family. You must know that.”Loki thought it over, going through the years in his head. All the times he was derided for his magic, his affinity for tricks unworthy of a warrior of Asgard. All the times he was looked down for being too clever, too willing to fight with words instead of mighty fists and weapons. All the whispers behind his back (and to his face) about being strange, his every action always under suspicion. All the times he was compared unfavorably to Thor, found lacking no matter what he did. He thought of never fitting in, never being good enough, never being truly respected or admired.He had never been an equal to Thor, never had the same standing in the family.No, Frigga’s words weren’t right. They simply weren’t.“I don’t believe you,” he said, fighting to keep his voice steady. “That’s not true at all. I have always felt different, and everyone has always treated me differently. I am not and have never been the same as Thor. I have never been seen or treated the same way as your actual son, and don’t you dare stand there now and tell me that I’m imagining things!” He was shouting by the end, staring at her with tear-filled eyes, fists clenching at his side.“Loki, that’s not true…”“You are a liar!” he yelled, and felt some satisfaction when she backed up a little. “Don’t you dare tell me that isn’t true when the whole realm knows it!” He pressed closer. “And if you thought there should be no secrets, why didn’t you tell me?”“I…”“You are no better than Odin,” he hissed. “What was the plan here, mother?” The last word was spat out with as much venom as he could. The numbness was beginning to wear off, giving way to incandescent rage. “Destroy the line of succession in Jotunheim? Make me a puppet king?” He shook his head. “Laufey was right, Odin is a thief and a murderer. And you are no better!”“Please, son…”“I AM NOT YOUR SON!” he roared.She reared back if he’d slapped her.“Your son,” he continued, fury coursing through his veins, “is the one who was banished for starting a war! Your son is the arrogant empty-headed idiot who dreams of battle and glory and would have driven this realm into ruin!” Loki panted, taking a few steps back to rein in his temper. “I’ve been telling Odin for years that Thor isn’t ready, but he never listened. You never listened either. And now you expect me to believe that I’m part of this family? That I’m no different?” There was a tinge of hysteria in the laughter that escaped him. “No. No, I will no longer be your scapegoat. I will no longer stand in Thor’s shadow, waiting and hoping for scraps of praise and acknowledgment. Waiting for something that will never ever come.” “Loki, please…”“No! You had centuries to tell me the truth, to be honest with me, and you didn’t! I don’t care about your excuses, about whatever you told yourself to justify your betrayal. If you really think of me as your son, then you should have told me!” Green sparks of magic erupted from his fingertips, and Loki pulled back. It had been centuries since his magic had been so out of control, and it was scary to feel so scraped raw now.“I’m sorry.”Loki looked at Frigga, and all he could feel was anger and pain. He had idolized her once, and it hurt so much to know that he could never trust her again.“No. It’s not that easy. Not this time. I have forgiven you far too many times.” All those times she had looked the other way when he was ridiculed or punished, coming to him later to say how sorry she was that she hadn’t been able to do anything. Loki had believed her, because he had needed to. He’d needed to think that she was on his side, even if her influence was limited. And now… How many more times was he going to ignore that she had simply never put him first?And she never would, he realized. Certainly not after the truth came out to everyone. The whole of Asgard would demand his head on a platter, and she would deliver it, if only to keep her position. With Odin incapacitated and Thor banished, it was up to Frigga to rul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & OCs

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Thor (2011)
AU
Not MCU compliant
Odin is a dick
Loki Needs a Hug (Marvel)
Loki Gets a Hug (Marvel)
not SHIELD friendly
not Asgard friendly
inaccurate Norse Mythology
elves and vanir and jotun oh my
Loki centered
Canon-Typical Violence
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & OCs

