Work Text:
"Oh." Tony looks at his - Steve's - hands and then back up at the sky. "He wasn't kidding. I hate magic." The last is a muttered complaint, and he has to wince at how wrong Steve's voice sounds when it's petty.Up in the sky, still locked in battle, there's Loki, there's the Hulk holding onto one of his ankles, and there's the rest of the Avengers."Guys?" He tries, clears his throat, and tries to remember how and where Captain America works his communicator. It takes some seconds of fiddling, then he's on the team's channel. "Loki cast a spell or something and I'm actually Iron Man down here, can someone catch Cap before he breaks my suit?""Fantastic," comes Hawkeye's voice, "Captain America's learned to tell jokes." His tone is the 'please be joking' one, and Tony doesn't blame him."I'm not joking," he says, and even from the distance he can see Loki clap his hands together, clearly delighted."You two weren't getting along," and they weren't, they were arguing over the best way to take down Loki (it's been a bad day for Tony, one where he's been willing to ignore Steve's 'stop talking and focus, we're in the middle of a fight!' warnings) and Loki's smug as he says the rest of it. "You'll thank me later.""Brother," says Thor, and Tony misses the rest of whatever Thor says in the chaos of having to run and duck as the Hulk is thrown into a building above him. Rubble rains down and for a moment he stares up at it, raising an arm, then has to spring into action: he can't fire repulsor beams, and he'll be flattened if he doesn't get out of the way.It's a terrifying thought, the one that occurs to him as he hefts Captain America's shield above his head: he's actually vulnerable down here, shield or no shield, and the light-weight armor he's got on is nowhere near as comprehensive as his own Iron Man suit is."Where's Iron Man," comes over the comm, and Tony jerks his head up, looking out from under the shield, all too aware that trying to fly - or anything in his suit - without knowing how to will inevitably lead to a crash.It's faster this time, to shift channels on the comm to a private one with Iron Man, and he stays crouched under the shield so he can focus on the conversation."Steve?" He asks, pushing away fear or discomfort: he sounds exactly like Steve does when he's concerned, and he knows it's Steve's voice, but there should be dissonance, a reminder that he's not who he's wearing. "Where are you? The sooner we can get you down and out of there the better - ""Tony, is that you?""Where are you?" Tony repeats, staying calm."I'm," there's a pause, and Tony imagines Steve looking around, unaware that he can pull up GPS or anything that Tony uses to keep track of his location while fighting, "I crashed," Steve says finally. "And I'm afraid to move in case I accidentally fire the repulsors again."Tony opens his mouth to tell him not to twitch, but actually? That's a good idea. If Cap stays put, they can collect him and get him out without hassle."Okay, okay, good. I've let the team know Loki swapped us, and I think.." He ducks his head out from behind the shield, scanning the sky. Nothing. Huh. That's not worrying at all. "I think they're fine, let me find out - ""Tell me how to at least move around," Steve says."I can't, almost everything in the suit is based on twitches and subtle movements I can't teach you right now, so stay put before you hurt someone." Tony stops for a moment to be pleased with himself, because that was the perfect serious Captain America voice, and if he's lucky it'll get through to Steve."If anyone is harmed because we're out of commission - ""There's nothing we can do about it right now." Tony stops. "Steve? I made a mistake. Tell Jarvis to activate contingency plan two point sixteen.""What does that do?""I think I see Thor, bye," Tony says, changing to the team-wide channel. He waits, listening for - for anything, but there's nothing."That's reassuring," he mutters. "Cap, are you listening?" He's probably not, because changing comm channels isn't something he does with his hands in the suit and he'd gotten more zealous about preventing Jarvis from having complete control over the armor. (That session of programming had been 'Jarvis, do you need this function to drive me home or shut me down? No? Then you can't touch it.' because it never hurt to be paranoid in this business.)There's still nothing over the comm, only an eery silence."Right..." He mutters, and makes his way out of the area, watching as Iron Man finally emerges from the building up above and heads home.If the Avengers aren't here, and if Loki's gone too, then he really doesn't need to stick around.---Steve, unsurprisingly, is furious when Tony finally arrives at his workshop."I stopped to get out of that costume, can you blame me?" Tony asks, propping the shield up against a workbench. "I'll take that as a yes."Okay, he'd neglected to tell Steve that contingency plan 2.16 not only brought the armor home, it als
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bodyswap

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

