Work Text:
Steve knows his life would be easier if he didn’t love Tony Stark. On a good day, Tony is frustratingly self-absorbed.  On a bad day, he’s infuriatingly, totally oblivious to everything going on outside his own head.  But if he’s learned anything over the years, it’s that easier rarely means better, and for all the times Tony makes him want to walk out and never look back, there are hundreds of other moments that make staying so much more worthwhile.Like now, with Tony just starting to wake beside him, his lips already curving up in a sleepy smile.“Stop staring at me,” Tony murmurs, his eyes still closed. “Shouldn’t you be out jogging or doing a crossword or whatever it is you morning people do while everybody else sleeps?”“You have the Board of Directors meeting today.”“Can’t I just send Pepper?” Tony whines.“Pepper’s taking a much-deserved day off.” Steve reminds him.“Then I get to play hooky too.”“Nope.  She told me I have to make sure you get there, even if I have to throw you over my shoulder and carry you.”“Is that a promise, Captain?” Tony smirks.“Go take a shower, Tony.” Steve says, exasperated. “I’ll make breakfast.”“What, no canoodling first?” Tony pouts, although his eyes are dancing mischievously.“Maybe if you were more of a morning person, we’d actually have time.” Steve grins. “But you slept in.”“But what am I going to remember you by in the wasteland of the conference room while all those idiots drone about budgets and ethics and shareholders?”“You’re a genius, Tony.  I’m sure you’ll think of something.”With that Steve slides out of bed, managing to evade Tony’s grasp since the other man’s reflexes are much slower in the mornings.Steve makes coffee—although he’s still not sure what half the buttons on Tony’s fancy, shiny, ridiculously expensive coffee maker actually do—because it seems unfair to unleash a grumpy, decaffeinated Tony on Stark Industries’ Board of Directors.  Granted, it’s probably not anything they haven’t dealt with before, but Tony’s going to be particularly annoyed when he eventually works out that today is a Saturday.*       *       *In a display of defiance, Tony pulls on jeans and a faded AC/DC t-shirt instead of a suit.  Yes, it’s childish, but he’s never claimed to be mature.“Tony, your coffee is getting cold!” Steve calls from the kitchen, like he couldn’t have just told JARVIS to relay the message.  Of course, Steve is still getting used to JARVIS and Tony would never admit it out loud, but domesticity is kind of growing on him and maybe an AI playing go-between would sort of ruin that whole Lucy, I’m home thing.  Which, for the record, Tony only said once and Steve just blinked at him, confused; Steve is so thoroughly unfazed by the modern world now that Tony sometimes forgets there’s still a huge chunk of pop culture he doesn’t know.In the kitchen, Steve leans against the counter eating what looks like oatmeal, and Tony didn’t even know they had oatmeal, let alone that Steve eats it on any kind of regular basis.  Apparently these are the sorts of things he misses, not being morning person.“Want some?” Steve offers and Tony shudders. “I’ll stick with coffee, thanks.” He says, and frowns slightly at the travel mug Steve hands him.“Happy’s waiting outside.” Steve explains. “You have twenty minutes to get there.”“You’re really making me go?”“Yes.  Pepper has threatened harm to certain parts of my anatomy if you don’t show up.”Tony scoffs at that.  The only one Pepper will castrate for missing this meeting is Tony. “Please,” he rolls his eyes. “Pepper loves you.”“Well, just in case, you’d better get going.”“Fine,” Tony huffs. “But if I die of boredom, I’m holding you accountable.”Steve just grins and pulls Tony in for a goodbye kiss. “Have fun.”“Yeah, right.” Tony grumbles. The board meeting is, unsurprisingly, anything but fun.  There’s a reason he usually avoids these things like the plague. He’s the youngest there by ten years and the smartest by at least twenty IQ points, and he feels like all he does is spend hours dumbing down whatever technology the company is currently working on to justify it to a bunch of stuffed shirts.Blessedly, though, the meeting ends a whole half hour early and Tony has somehow managed to avoid insulting and/or offending all of the Board.  Just half of them, which—considering his total lack of brain-to-mouth filter—shows a pretty impressive level of restraint on his part.It happens just as they’re all gathering their things to leave.  Tony hears the blast seconds before he registers what’s happening, and by the time he understands it’s too late.  There’s smoke everywhere and the fire alarms start wailing and before he can come up with a plan there are hands grabbing him and hauling him away, out of the conference room where most of the Board is shrieking in panic.He thrashes and struggles and drags his feet, anything to attempt to slow down his captors.  He counts four of them, but there could be more. “Stop that,” one of them sn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Graphic Violence
mentioned torture

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

