Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
Alya…..Alya…."
Alya groaned and her hands reached up to rub her groggy eyes. Her blue orbs wandered around, taking notice of her environment.
She was no longer on that awful red planet.
"Alya."
The young girl sat up and allowed her father to pull her up to stand on her feet. She was still a little disoriented. Only a few hours ago, she was the only awake on a weird red planet. A few hours before that, everyone was fighting aliens in Wakanda.
Alya was pretty sure they were still in Wakanda, but the only thing tripping her up was how…..empty it was.
"Are you okay?" Bucky asked her, using his hands to check her over. She still had the same injuries from before, but he couldn't find anything new.
"….Yeah." She nodded.
She didn't get it. She was confused.
Where was Uncle Steve?
Where was her mother?
Did they just leave them here? Alya wasn't sure exactly how long it had been, but it couldn't have been any more than a few hours.
Alya couldn't believe her odds.
It had been five years (give or take) since Thanos snapped his fingers and turned millions to dust.
Yeah, five years.
She fell asleep for five hours and woke up five years later. She was a regular Rip Van Winkle.
When Okoye explained it to her, she almost didn't believe her, and she wouldn't have if she didn't trust her so much already.

It was really too far out there for her to believe. Sure, Steve was under the ice for, like, seventy years, but that was different.

Alya was turned to dust in 2018, woke up in a different place, fell asleep again, and then woke up again in January of 2024?
She was supposed to turn thirteen! She and her mother had plans! They were supposed to go ice skating and stroll through the city drinking hot cocoa, toting a ton of bags on their arms! Natasha was going to take her to Rockefeller Plaza to teach her how to ice skate and she promised she would pick her up every single time fell. She promised they would stay right there on the ice for as long as it took for her to learn.
But Alya hadn't seen her mother yet. She actually couldn't find her anywhere.
She had a very sinking feeling in her gut, but she ignored it in favor of remaining optimistic. Nothing could get Natasha Romanoff, she was way too strong for that.
She wasn't allowed to join everyone in the new fight against the Titan. Her father took one look at her and forbid her from coming along. He thought it was would be terribly dangerous for her to fight all these aliens again.
Apparently, she got lucky enough not to get severely injured the first time. All she managed to acquire were a few cuts and bruises from one of the alien's swords.
Honestly, Alya hadn't even realized they were there until he pointed them out. She tried to make it seem like they didn't hurt, but Bucky knew better. She even tried to argue that she's had worse, but he wouldn't budge.
Little girls didn't fight wars.
But since when did Alya listen?
She knew Thanos was responsible for her being MIA for five years and she wanted to take a crack at him herself.
So when everyone entered the portals that Doctor Strange opened up, she hung back and slipped through without anyone else noticing, her collapsable bow in her hand and her quiver on her back.

She wondered what exactly went on these past five years and how much everything had changed. Maybe her mother would be able to explain everything to her in detail.
She really did miss mother and she could only imagine how much Natasha missed her. Five years was a long time to be without the person you loved. Alya knew she wouldn't be able to handle being away from her mother for that long.
It seemed like Steve, Tony, and Thor were all the way at the front, surrounded by hundreds and hundreds of new Avengers to back him against Thanos and his army. To her surprise, Steve was wielding Thor's hammer.
Wow.
Alya craned her neck, her eyes squinting in the lowlight in an attempt at finding her mother. She couldn't see her through the sea of people, but she was sure that the woman should've been up in the front with everyone else.
Maybe she was somewhere else.
All of a sudden, everyone started screaming and running to attack Thanos' army, using all the energy they had to fight their enemy.
At first, Alya watched and looked around at the scene before her.
The sky was dark with smoke and the Compound was dilapidated. It looked like someone fired a missile at it. Her old room was in that Compound, she spent a lot of time there, and was very sad to see it go.
She was pulled from her train of thought when she something hit her from behind, forcing her to fall forward onto the debris covered ground.
The shards made cuts on her hands that she ignored in favor of getting back up onto her feet to see exactly who or what had just rammed into her.
It was one of those aliens.
He was sneering down at her, ready to finish her off, but Alya wasn't about to let him win. She hopped right back up onto her feet and forced her bow to collapse,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Wanda Maximoff & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Parent Natasha Romanov
Parent Bucky Barnes
Uncle Steve Rogers
Big Sister Wanda Maximoff
Big Brother Peter Parker
Aunt Yelena Belova
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Wanda Maximoff
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Clint Barton
Uncle Clint Barton
Uncle Sam Wilson

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Wanda Maximoff & Original Female Character(s)

