Chapter 1: Preface
    




Chapter Text
The first thing Steve notices when he wakes up from the ice is that he is  not  dead. The second thing he notices is that he is definitely not in the 1940s, either.Then, he’s sitting in a government funded apartment with its plain white walls and grey furniture. That’s when he notices that he is well and truly alone. Not just that, but he’s lonely.He doesn’t have the Commandos, he doesn’t have Peggy. He doesn’t have his Ma. And right now he’d give anything to be able to curl up in her lap and cry while she stroked his hair and told him everything was going to be okay.Time goes on and, sure, he has the other Avengers. But they’re colleagues at best, by this point. He’s sure Stark hates his guts, and the others… Well, if Steve died, they’d miss Captain America at least.But that does nothing for the Steve Rogers that lays in his bed at night wishing that he’d stayed down when the Valkyrie hit the water. Does nothing for Steve when he’s in battles throwing himself in the line of fire or jumping out of planes without a parachute.Natasha Romanoff is probably the first closest thing Steve has to a friend. They joke around sometimes, have each other’s backs on the battlefield. He trusts her. He thinks. But he soon reminds himself that friends are people you actually see outside of work. Friends know each other’s favourite colours and what they do in their spare time. About their family, and their past.He doesn’t think Natasha sees him as a friend, anyway. The day that Steve meets Sam Wilson is a good one. A  really  good one. It’s one of the days that Steve manages to drag himself out of bed after another near-sleepless night. (Four hours,  he thought at 5am that morning when he woke up.  Not bad.)Sam’s cute, and Steve attempts to flirt with him when they stop to talk, because that’s allowed now. He fails miserably, but still. He has a friend now.The first friend he made himself, and not through work. Two whole years after he came out of the ice.“You should stop by the VA.” Sam says one day, a little while after they first meet.Steve wrinkles his nose at the acronym. There are so many of those these days, and his list only seems to grow faster than he can keep up. “What’s that?” He asks, then sips his coffee. They’re at a coffee shop, drinking coffee. Together. Because, y’know, Steve has a friend now that he does that with.Sam sighs. “It’s where I work! Have I not told you that?”Steve shrugs because he probably did but Steve has a habit of pretending to know what things mean when people talk to him about  normal things. Demanding a military general to let him know what’s going on in a mission, sure. Telling Nat that he doesn’t know what a DILF is? No. (She told him anyway because she’s a spy who can read facial expressions ridiculously well, understandably.)Sam reaches inside his jacket and pulls out a card. It has an address on it, which Sam taps with the tip of his finger as he slides it across the table.“Here, man. I think it’ll do you good to meet some more people like you.” Steve lifts an eyebrow and Sam rolls his eyes. “Veterans. We have a few groups that meet during the week and it can really help to talk. I know I’m your friend-” The edges of Steve’s lips lift up involuntarily. “-and not your therapist but you’ve seen some shit. You worry me sometimes.”Steve breaks eye contact to put down the coffee and pick up the card. He runs his thumb over the ridges that the  Sam Wilson, Veterans Affairs  creates on it, then pockets it. If he’s honest, he doesn’t know whether he’ll go or not. Disappointing Sam, though, does not seem to compute in his brain.“I’ll try,” he says finally. “Thanks.”Hands held up in a surrender, Sam ducks his head. “That’s all I ask. There’s a meeting at 3pm on Thursday for our older veterans, if that’s more your style.”Steve narrows his eyes but Sam’s face is open and serious, so he doesn’t say anything. Sam just says, “Think about it.” Then, he’s pushing back from his chair and saying goodbye with that big toothy grin.Steve finishes his coffee and pulls his cap a little further down over his eyes before he leaves, too, not a minute after Sam has. He walks back to his apartment, the card burning a hole in his pocket the entire way there.Later that night, he’s sitting on his sofa trying to read The Hobbit. Still, that card is playing on his mind.It would be a good idea to go. Probably. It’d be good for him. But he’s not like those people.Steve remembers the way that he was jeered at when he was on stage during the War. Granted, that was before he actually went out on the frontline. But even after that, there were the soldiers that hated him. That thought he didn’t actually do anything, just paraded around in a costume.He kind of agrees with them.Captain America is an icon of America. More was always done to protect him than it was for ‘ordinary’ soldiers. Thanks to the serum, Steve was harder to kill anyway, and that’s without the vibranium shield they
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pen Pals
Alternate Universe
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Veterans
Boys In Love
Love Confessions
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Steve Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Friends to Lovers
Age Difference
(only a little one)
Loneliness
Strangers to Lovers
Getting Together
Secret Identity
Afghanistan

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

