Chapter 1





Chapter Text



After the torchlight red on sweaty faces
After the frosty silence in the gardens
After the agony in stony places
The shouting and the crying
Prison and palace and reverberation
Of thunder of spring over distant mountains
He who was living is now dead
We who were living are now dying
With a little patience

~*~Magneto stared at the missive in his hand.  He glanced back to where Rogue was standing at attention, back ramrod straight.  In the low light of the tent, and with her helmet firmly in place, it was impossible to make out the twin white stripes that ran through the front of her hair.  Magneto returned his attention to the slip of paper in his hand."Is this accurate?" he asked.  Rogue had just returned from headquarters.  If anyone knew, it was her.  He still suspected this was someone's idea of a joke."Yes, Sir," she said.Magneto didn't have an answer for that.  He gestured her at ease, her posture making him tense.  Immediately she moved to the side of his desk, the slow slink of her hips no doubt meant to draw his gaze.  Magneto frowned; eyed her sideways as she perched on the edge of the desk, crossing her legs to angle her body into his space."Fighting with Gambit again, are we?"  He wasn't interested in her particular brand of flirting today, and he certainly wasn't interested in playing the role of stand-in in her tumultuous relationship."He wouldn't know a good thang if it bit him on the ass," she said.  "And believe me, I've tried."  Magneto crooked a finger.  Rogue smiled, smug and just a little bit teasing, and then leaned towards him.  He met her halfway."Out," he said, a breathless whisper.  Her expression turned thunderous."Man, you ain't no fun," she said, but she quirked a smile as she slid from his desk, hips still slow and seductive as she crossed the tent and then vanished outside.  A gust of wind caught the canvas door.  It billowed out, muted light filling the space before it fluttered shut, the tent once again shrouded in shadows.Magneto felt a tension headache coming on.The helmet wasn't helping, but taking it off wasn't an option.  "More damned telepaths," he said, glancing to the slip of paper still clutched in his hand.  He stood from his desk, crossed to the tent's heater and set the paper against an element.  It was quick to catch, sparks fanning and then bursting into flames.  He let it burn down to almost nothing, dropping the charred remains to the floor and crushing them with the heel of his boot lest they set fire to the rugs.  All that remained was cinder and ash.He wouldn't be the only one getting these orders today.  Summoning his cape by its metal clasp, Magneto draped it around his shoulders and strode from the tent.Outside his protective canvas walls, the heavy scent of overcooked meat combined with the pungent aroma of overused latrines.  Magneto swallowed against it, momentarily transported to a different camp; a different life.  He shook the thought aside, glanced up at low, rolling grey clouds, and then went in search of Cyclops.He found Wolverine instead."You got an explanation for this?" Wolverine asked, thrusting a sheet of paper into Magneto's chest.  The heavy density of Wolverine's adamantium beckoned.  Magneto ignored it."Orders from Genosha, telling us to expect a VIP, I'd say," Magneto said, letting sarcasm bleed into his tone.  He had no idea why Wolverine thought he'd have any additional information.  Genosha didn't like him anymore than they did Logan, or any of the other mutants stationed on the front lines.  They kept their golden children close; or at least, they used to."Genosha's sending us a goddamned telepath, here, in the middle of this shit storm and we're just supposed to smile and take it?"Magneto hated to admit it, but Wolverine had a good point.  Genosha didn't risk telepaths.  They had an entire citadel built to keep them safe.  Sending one to the front lines was unthinkable."Who'd this guy piss off?  That's what I want to know," Wolverine was saying, spitting as he finished, like the idea was personally offensive."I'll guess we'll find out when he gets here."Magneto didn't wait for Wolverine's retort, still intent on seeing Cyclops.  His scowl deepened when Wolverine fell into step at his side.  The man didn't bathe nearly enough and was starting to smell like wet dog.  The latrine-smell was preferable.  Magneto did his best to ignore him, concentrating instead on navigating the camp.Days of perpetual downpour had left the ground slick with mud, some of it so thick they'd stopped getting vehicles through.  They ought to move, Magneto thought, not for the first time.  They were exposed here, out in the open, reclaimed farmland as far as the eye could see.  The few houses that dotted the landscape were grey, rotting and abysmal.All of it was disturbingly familiar."It does have that same, je ne sais quoi, doesn't it?"There was always the chance that Wolverine had spoken, however out of character, but when Ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate History
Powered
BAMF!Charles
BAMF!Raven
Romance
Action/Adventure
Science Fiction & Fantasy
Happy Ending
Genocide
Canon-Typical Violence
Mild Gore
Psychological Torture
Telepathy
Holocaust
Mind Control
Mind Rape
Rape/Non-con References
Epic
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Falling In Love

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

