Chapter 1: Intro Profile
    




Chapter Text

Character Profile

 
Name: Nigel James Sanders
 
Face Claim: Alfred Molina
 
Body Claim: Žydrūnas Savickas
 
Height: 6’3”
 
Weight: 375-400lbs
 
Chest: 59”
 
Biceps: 21”
 
Thigh: 45”
 
Calf: 21”
 
Neck: 21”
 
Scars: Severe Lichtenberg Scars (from a lightening strike)
 
Birthplace: Anchester Isle
 
Occupation: High End Furniture maker
 
Favorite sports: Strongman, Muay Thai, Rugby, Soccer, Basketball
 
First Love: Rosalie Murphy
 

 End of First Love: Died in Car Crash (from a severe thunder storm, Nigel was driving) 

 
Marital Status: Divorced
 
Ex-Wife: Barbara Fay Sanders (Jennifer Saunders)
 
Children: none
 
Girlfriend: yes
 
Girlfriend name: Candace (Regina Hall)
 
Parents: Matthew and Hannah Sanders (played by Ricardo Montalban and Madlyn Rhue)
 
Sibling(s): yes
 
Younger Brother: Ben Sanders (Ray Lykins)
 
Sister-in-law: May Sanders (Marisa Tomei)
 
Nephews: Peter Benjamin (Tobey Maguire), Peter James (Andrew Garfield), and Peter Charles (Tom Holland)
 
Friends: Norman Osborn, Raymond Cho (Daniel Dae Kim), Craig Glenallan (Craig Ferguson), Vicenzo Brancaleoni (Andy Garcia), Jacques (Steve Martin), Dr. Jorge Villanueva (Ving Rhames), Detective Jack Radcliff (David Oyelowo), Kento Urufu (Chiyonofugi Misugu), Graham Fisher (Bill Pittuck)
 
Rival(s): George Modok (Christopher Walken)
 
Nigel's Reference Pic:






Fictional Island

Name: Anchester Isle
 
Description: Anchester Isle is a natural British island
 
History: Due to a large meteroite -made up of a strange element called Thoalium- crashing on the isle centuries before, unearthed strange mutations that affected both the ecosystem as well as the people.
In terms of the ecosystem, the mutations caused the soil to become extremely rich in nutrients, minerals, and microbes, which in turn made the island famous for its farming. As for the animals, the mutations causes the animals to become more robust and dangerous.
In terms of people, the islanders are also more robust. These people benefit greatly from the ecosystem and the Thoalium that's seeped into their own bodily cells. The islanders grow to very large sizes. The men's height ranging from 6'-7' while the women's height rang from 5'7"-6'1". They also benefit from the Herculean Gene, also known to mainlanders as GDF-8, as well as extraordinarily high bone density. Due to these physical abilities, the islanders don't suffer the negative effects of becoming to large with either height, muscle, fat, or a mixture of all three.
It's because of the people, ecosystem, and their rare Thoalium element, that the island had been attacked through its history in attempts of foreign conquering; however, British Rulers were always at the ready with their unparalleled naval fleet and defended their territory to the maximum. Over time, they were able to protect their isle through legal means to allow the ecosystem to stay reasonably intact to insure the isle's protection against exploitation and the like.
 
Language: English
 
Cultural Impact: The food grown on the isle is extremely unique due to the soil; however, seeds taken from the isle's unique plants will not grow to its full potential anywhere else in the world. Thus, there is a high demand for the isle's farmers to produce and ship their food to other parts of the world.
 
Travel Warnings: For travelers, it's recommended that foreigners take all immunization shots but to still be weary of eating to much of the food due to the radiation that's embedded within them. Some travelers might become violently ill or even die. Also, due to Anchester Isle's unique and dangerous animals, mainlanders and foreigners must always stick with their group or tour guide for safety.
 
 

...:TBC:...
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nigel/Original Female Character(s) of Color
Emily Osborn/Norman Osborn

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Human
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Mild Belly Kink
Belly Kink
musclechub
StrongFat
Weight Gain
Muscle Gain
Strongman - Freeform
dad bod
bhm
Big Handsome Man
Fictional Island
Interracial Relationship
Original Character(s)
Female Character of Color
Alfred Molina - Freeform
I'm Bad At Titles
I Can't Believe I Wrote This
Ricardo Montalban is Alfred Molina's father here
Sorry Not Sorry
Rare Pairings
Height Differences
Musclegut
Pics Included
weightlifting
powerlifting
carpenter - Freeform
Acrobatics
Gymnastics
muay thai
One Shot Collection
Gyms
Angst and Hurt/Comfort and Fluff
Norman Osborn's A+ parenting
Body Shaming/Insecure Abour Scars

fandom: 
Nigel/Original Female Character(s) of Color
Emily Osborn/Norman Osborn

