Chapter 1: Robots in Hell's Kitchen
    




Chapter Text
Matt slumped against the wall of an alley, his lungs heaving and ribs aching where one of the robots managed to get a good kick in. Sweat clung to the inside of his mask, stinging so he had to keep his eyelids closed. Out on the street, he heard the last of their motors sputter and die, leaving only the hum of the Avengers’ equipment behind it.A figure rounded the mouth of the alley – Natasha, he identified by her stature and stride – and approached him with a slight limp. “That was some impressive work out there,” she said. “I’d try to sell you on joining the team again, but you don’t look up to arguing.”“I’m fine,” he huffed. Other than the bruised ribs, he mostly felt exhausted. Top of the tenth round exhausted, when fighting devolves to leaning against your opponent in a near-hug, swinging sloppy punches at each other’s kidneys and ears. “I appreciate the backup.”Natasha barked a laugh. “I think robots from space falls under Avengers purview.”Matt grinned back at her. “Hell’s Kitchen, my fight.”“Sure, sure.” She shook her head, hair too matted with sweat to move much. “Tell you what, we’re gonna stop by a taqueria down the block. You hungry?”He probably should have said ‘no.’ The Avengers had already tried to stick their noses into his business a few times, and Matt wasn’t exactly looking to earn a reputation as a team player. The more closely he worked with someone, the better the chances they would figure out he was blind, which effectively killed his anonymity. The few regular allies he did have, they all knew. When he teamed up with the Avengers, he fought on his own as much as possible and slipped off into the shadows when all was said and done.“I’m starving,” he admitted, and it was the truth.Natasha held out a hand, and he clasped it, let her haul him back to his feet with a groan. They both walked stiffly down the alley. She rummaged in one of the pouches on her hip. The rattle of a pill bottle. “Ibuprofen?” she offered.Matt held out his hand. “God, yes.”She passed him two, kept some for herself, and they both dry swallowed them as they stepped onto the street where the rest of the team stood around in a motley assortment.“Tony, put it down. Clint, shoot him.” Matt recognized the voice immediately as Captain America.Tony Stark stood nearby, though the heavy sounds of his suit were absent already. Foggy had described news footage to him, not so long ago, where the Iron Man suit was able to retract down into a pair of metal cuffs on his wrists. “I’m not going to – listen, I just want to figure out how they work, not make them work. I’m not an idiot, Cap.”“Yeah,” drawled Hawkeye, off to the side with his bow in hand. “You would never create an army of killer robots.”“That was one time.”“Twice,” chimed in Falcon as he strode past them. “It was twice.”A few yards off, The Winter Soldier, identifiable by the whirring of his mechanical arm, stood speaking in another language – Russian, by the sound of it – to a woman that had been with them in the fight, but who he hadn’t interacted with before today. She used magic. It had a smell to it, but based on the way the others reacted, he assumed there was some visual component to it that he couldn’t fully appreciate. He’d heard them calling her ‘Wanda.’Natasha called, “Are we getting food or what?”That seemed enough to derail their argument, and everyone started in the direction that Falcon had headed. Matt knew the taqueria that way, which put him better at ease. No menus needed.“Hey, Hornhead!” Tony called, veering in Matt’s direction as they made their way down the street. Matt got the sense that objecting to the nickname would only encourage it, so he didn’t react. “So Nat convinced you to come along. She didn’t, like, threaten your family or something, did she?”He made it sound like a joke, but Matt knew fishing when he heard it and ignored the bait. “She said ‘tacos,’ and I’m hungry,” he answered.The taqueria had been on the edge of the zone of destruction, rubble on the ground out front but the front windows still in tact. As they stepped closer, the vibration of their steps created a faint grating of glass-on-glass that indicated a few cracks, maybe. Inside, he heard an older man, the owner, and a young women speaking in Spanish too rapidly for him to pick up more than the general idea. She thought the fighting was over, and he was warning her not to go to the front of the shop, that they should wait longer.As soon as Cap opened the door, their heart rates spiked, probably fearing the worst. Matt strode ahead and called out, “Ustedes estan seguros! La pelea ha terminado. Estoy aquí con los Avengers.”The others paused behind him. Back in the kitchen, the two conferred briefly in Spanish, ending with her hissing, “The Avengers, Papi!” before the kitchen door opened and the owner stepped out. He relaxed almost immediately, probably upon seeing confirmation that it was the heroes who had entered hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frank Castle/Matt Murdock

freeform: 
Avengers Tower
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
canon divergence - I do what I want
reluctant allies to friends to lovers
Secret Identity
Team Bonding
Matt Murdock's stellar decision-making
Slow Burn
Canon Disabled Character
Canon-Typical Violence
Sparring
Explicit Sexual Content
sexual applications of martial arts techniques
Anal Sex

fandom: 
Frank Castle/Matt Murdock

