Work Text:
It's 1938 and Bucky takes to visiting Steve at work during his own lunchbreak, trailing after him as Steve sorts books and half listens to his endless chatter and occasionally, much to Steve's chagrin and his coworkers never ending teasing, bringing him lunch whenever he thinks Steve is looking too peaky.Bucky, at constant ease with the world, shrugs off the digs about them being an old married couple with a laugh, pulls Steve in for a rough half hug and says "A gal could do much worse, just look at this mug.” Then he’ll pinch Steve’s cheek and wink at a swooning Nancy, the girl working the register, until Steve elbows him in the gut. Steve’s coworkers are, of course, irrevocably charmed by Bucky - people tend to be. Steve minds it but tells himself he doesn’t, so used to eyes sliding over him in favor of the charismatic, bright figure Bucky cuts.Bucky shows up with a scarf for Steve on one of the first truly cold days in the fall, and Steve chases him out of the bookshop, torn between amusement and indignation. Bucky makes faces at him through the shop window as he wraps the scarf around his own neck, and when Steve can’t hide his helpless laughter, his entire face lights up with a broad grin, his eyes crinkling at the corners, looking boyish and carefree standing on the street with a too-large scarf around his neck and his front pocket lumpy from the sandwich Steve wouldn’t take.When he gets back behind the counter, Mr. Hendrickson, the bookshop owner and a stern man of fifty-something that has never hidden his distaste for Bucky, is looking at him with his arms crossed. “You should be careful of that one,” he says, with a nod out the window where Bucky’s walking away, hands in his pockets and whistling to himself.“Who, Bucky? He’s just dumb, I swear, he’d never steal anything,” he says dismissively, mostly certain that he’s not lying.But Mr. Hendrickson shakes his head. “It ain’t right. Looking at you all the time as he does. The way he should be looking at girls.”There is a long, long moment of silence, while Steve tries to get his mouth to close again. “Are we talking about the same person?” he finally asks, so surprised he can’t even get offended at the disgusted twist of his mouth.“Don’t be dense, boy. Doesn’t suit you.”“No, I’m just -- I just really think you’re reading him wrong, Mr. Hendrickson.” Maybe Steve should keep his dumb mouth closed. Let the man think the queer is someone other than the one working in his own shop, and won’t that be a petty revenge? But he can't help the laughter bubbling at his throat, until he has to put a hand against his mouth to hold it in. Bucky, looking at him. Ridiculous.He gets a sharp look in return, which makes him laugh even harder. “Think what you want, Rogers. But go and get that box upstairs unpacked while at it.” Steve does, and makes a complete mess of organizing the week’s new books, getting shouted for his trouble near closing time. He keeps laughing at himself during the day, amused to no end by such a silly idea. Bucky, the neighborhood’s darling, looking at runty little Steve Rogers with his two left feet and his perpetually bruised mouth from not being able to keep it shut.And yet -- and yet, he spends a long time that night staring at Bucky over their soup, Mr. Hendrickson’s words going through his mind over and over, like a chant, until Bucky gets fed up and puts his spoon down.“Do I have something on my face or what?” he says, kicking Steve on the shin to get his attention.“Nothing more than the usual amount of stupid,” Steve says on reflex, suddenly finding the soup incredibly interesting. Bucky gives him an eyeroll and another, softer kick before going back to his meal, still looking wary.Steve keeps staring through dinner and throughout the evening, Bucky getting progressively more annoyed at him. He finally shuts his latest pulp novel as theatrically as possible. Unsurprisingly, there's an intergalactic princess and a beefy man with a sword as big as he is on the cover. Bucky loves that kind of books for some reason, and he’s read so many of them at Steve while he’s sick that he’s developed an instinctive hatred of them."This is fit to give a man a complex. I'm going to bed," he announces.Steve shrugs. "Suit yourself. Not much to look at without that horrible thing growing on your nose, anyway.""Wait, what?""What?" Steve is all innocence, big wide eyes and eyebrows up. Bucky narrows his eyes at him, but he still gets up to check in their shaving mirror by the sink."You're an ass, Rogers." Steve doesn't even merit that with an answer, letting his smirk do the talking.He stays up for a long time thinking about what Mr. Hendrickson said, long after the neighborhood quiets down and he’s just sitting in the dark with a sketchbook he hasn’t touched in hours. He’s pulled out of his thoughts when Bucky shuffles out of bed and calls at him from the bedroom door. “Steve? It’s freezing, what are you doing still up?” He’s still half asleep, rub
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Friends to Lovers
First Time
Pining
Idiots in Love
Period-Typical Homophobia
Period-Typical Racism
it's a very tiny thing and Steve is NOT having it
Jealous Bucky

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

