Chapter 1: 1. tony stark
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker had mixed feelings about his calculus teacher, Mr Harrington. Peter liked him, and his subject, because he was competent at teaching it. He let Peter doodle all of the advanced equations on the back of his exams when he was done with them (because, let’s be real, high school grade science wasn’t going to challenge the guy who spent his free time working on Iron Man suits — not that Mr Harrington knew that). He was an okay teacher, in that respect. 
But Peter had two main problems with Mr Harrington. The first was that the content he was teaching was so easy. They’d been doing derivatives for at least two months, for Christ’s sake. Surely even Flash had understood them by now. And worse — they weren’t even difficult derivatives. That was just a Peter problem, though, because everyone else in the class was apparently “struggling” with the content they were doing. 
The one thing that everyone in the class, and possibly everybody in the whole school hated him for was his policy regarding phones. Mr Harrington was anti-technology in most senses, and therefore whenever someone’s phone went off in class, he had a specific policy that all of his students had to follow. They would have to stand up and answer the phone in class, on speaker. If they didn’t, they’d get detention and also a call home to parents complaining about it. Most students quickly took this as a sign not to even bring their phone into the lesson, deciding it wasn’t worth the risk. 
Peter, however, couldn’t really abide by that rule. He was the heir to Stark Industries, and played a pretty key role in running the company. Of course, he wasn’t expected to do work during his school hours, but there were several people whose calls were forced through, people he kind of had to answer. It was a limited (but impressive) collection of people. It was genuinely a possibility that something really important could come up and he would have to drop everything to go to the Tower and get on it. There was, of course, the YoungBoss protocol, which would be activated by FRIDAY sending him a text, which would mean that he would be in charge of the company if Tony or Pepper were indisposed. 
So he needed his phone on him, which caused just a slight problem when it actually went off in one calculus lesson. Peter glanced up at Mr Harrington, hoping he hadn’t heard anything and that he would get away with it. 
No such luck. Mr Harrington’s eyebrow raised, in the sadistic way he always did whenever someone left their phone on and the policy came into action. “Answer it, Parker.” 
“But, sir,” Peter shook his head defiantly. Whoever was calling him, it was definitely someone who he shouldn’t be speaking to in front of the whole class. The people who were authorised to call him during school were…well, it wasn’t like it was his aunt calling him to ask about his day, to put it that way. It would be business talk, probably, company secrets.
“You know the rules, Peter,” Mr Harrington nodded at the noise, so, with deep regret and embarrassment, Peter pulled out his phone. It was Tony. Peter winced, looked up at Mr Harrington with another pleading glance. Mr Harrington just made a gesture towards the phone and raised his eyebrow further, somehow. 
Peter winced and said, “Karen, can you answer it and put it on speaker, please?” 
He decided not to think about the fact that he was asking his phone’s AI to answer the phone, and that, to most people, that would be considered weird.
“Hey, kid,” came the voice of everyone’s favourite billionaire.
“No way,” one student whispered. Yes, way. 
There was a collective gasp around the class as people recognised the voice, because everyone knew who Tony Stark was and how he sounded. They’d all seen the press conferences. Tony continued. “I was wondering whether you remembered the specs—”
Peter tried to interrupt Tony before he started giving out company secrets that definitely didn’t need to be heard by his calculus class. “Hi, Mr Stark! You’re, um—”
But Tony didn’t let him finish. He’d never liked to be interrupted in the middle of a sentence, even if it was pretty crucial that Peter shut him up before he started saying stuff about the company. 
“As I was saying, I was wondering if you still had the specs to the energy deal with Pym Tech?” Peter closed his eyes in horror. This was his worst nightmare. “I know it’s not really your focus right now because of the whole thing with Colonel Williamson and the military being complete assholes but—” 
“Mr Stark!” Peter interrupted quickly, covering his face with one hand in frustration, and the whole class stared at him like he was completely mental. Mr Harrington was flabbergasted that Peter was addressing an authority figure like that, and especially that it was literally Tony Stark, billionaire, genius, superhero, saviour of the world. Peter was pretty sure Flash was passed out, if not dead. His face was completely blank, slack jawed. Some
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
peter's teacher doesn't like technology
and so chaos ensues
this is heir!peter
Peter Parker is the heir of Stark Industries
Peter is Tony Stark's heir
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
BAMF Peter Parker
competent peter parker
Genius Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
uhhh yeah I cant think of more tags rn

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Academic Decathlon Team (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

