Chapter 1





Chapter Text
For as long as anyone can remember, the Red Castle has stood on top of the hillside, casting its watchful gaze over the small villages scattered throughout the valley below. The castle is a relic of a bygone age, one which has managed to outlive the Russian Empire, the Russian Republic, and even the Soviet Union. Its iconic red stone walls serve as a warning to all who enter the region. Here, it matters not who proclaims himself ruler in Moscow. There is only one authority that matters. Count Dreykov.Natalia Romanova was born in one of those small villages, though she remembers little of her life before coming to the Red Castle. The few memories that remain are filled with misery. Huddling for warmth on cold winter nights beneath blankets that were too thin, with a stomach that was too empty. Her father’s drunken rages. Her mother’s desperate cries. Compared with that, her life in the Red Castle is a paradise. Here, the girls are given plenty to eat, with meat at every meal so that they will grow big and strong, Madame B says. The thick stone walls insulate them from the harshest winter storms. And as long as they obey Madame B’s commands, they have nothing to fear from either her or the Count.Natalia knows that she should feel grateful to be here, but in spite of all the luxuries that the Count has provided for her, there remains something disquieting about the Red Castle. The other girls do not dare speak of it, but she knows that they feel it too. Because at night, when Madame B extinguishes the oil lamps that illuminate the dormitory, that is when the nightmare comes.It always is the same. Shortly after the clock strikes midnight, an icy chill slips into the dormitory. Silently, it winds its way through the pitch black room, searching for its nightly victim. The girls hide beneath their blankets, each one hoping to hear a whimper or strangled cry from one of the others before it reaches their bed. Over the years, Natalia has tried everything she can think of to protect herself from the nightmare, but no matter what she does, it can always find her, slipping in between her sheets to grab her with its icy claw.Sometimes one of the newer, younger girls will complain to Madame B about the terror that comes in the night, but her response is always the same.“It is only a nightmare. Do not pay it any mind.”The girls that do complain never last long in the Red Castle.Tonight, Natalia has decided that she needs to take matters into her own hands, for her sake as well as the other girls. During dinner, she manages to slip her knife into the sleeve of her sweater without Madame B noticing. Hopefully this will be enough to deter the nightmare once and for all. However, before she can take it back to the dormitory, Madame B pulls her from the table.“Natalia Romanova, come with me. Count Dreykov would like to see you in his private quarters.”The other girls turn to stare at her, their faces full of envy and fear. It is rare for any of them to even see their benefactor, let alone be granted a private audience with him. He seems content to leave Madame B in charge of their day to day activities, and only occasionally does he bother to observe their afternoon lessons. A few times she has noticed him smiling at her during ballet when she completes a particularly difficult routine. Each time, it feels like a great accomplishment to catch the attention of a man as powerful as him. Before she can wonder why he has singled her out tonight, Madame B takes her by the arm and leads her out of the dining hall to the north wing of the castle. The girls are typically restricted to the south wing of the castle, where their dormitory, classrooms, and dining hall are. Natalia has never been allowed to step foot in the north wing, where the Count, the Countess, and their most trusted allies reside. In contrast to the plain, spartan rooms in the south wing, the north wing is sumptuously decorated. Intricate tapestries adorn the walls, and marble statues and vases dot the alcoves. She wishes that she could stop and examine all of the fascinating artifacts, but Madame B leads her quickly to a small room off the main corridor.The room is nearly as large as the dormitory, but instead of a dozen small beds, a single large bed fills the space along with a large wardrobe and small sitting area. The far wall has been covered entirely with mirrors, with a ballet barre set beside it.Madame B goes to the wardrobe and pulls out a long black silk gown and pair of black leather boots.“You will change into these before you meet the Count.”Natalia looks around the room curiously. “Who’s room is this?”“Yours.”“Thank you.” She has never had a room of her own, let alone one so nice. Madame B looks down her nose at her. “Do not thank me. Thank Count Dreykov. He thinks you deserve this. Do not disappoint him.”Natalia manages to keep the knife hidden as she changes, tucking it into the knee high leather boots before Madame B can n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Alexei Shostakov | Alexi Shostakov/Melina Vostokoff
Dreykov (Avengers Marvel movies) & Melina Vostokoff

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Vampires
Monsters
Canon-Typical Violence
Blood Drinking
Non-Linear Narrative
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Mind Control
Action/Adventure
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
Alexei Shostakov | Alexi Shostakov/Melina Vostokoff
Dreykov (Avengers Marvel movies) & Melina Vostokoff

