Chapter 1: Baking Thursday
    




Chapter Text
They had this rule in Avengers Tower. Well, actually it was less of a rule and more of an unspoken agreement. Not long after the Avengers had moved into the tower, Steve had decided they needed team building exercises. For 'normal' people that meant talking to each other, maybe an occasional game-night. But if you were a super soldier, a pair of deadly spies, a brilliant engineer, a Norse god and a giant green rage monster – or a nerdy scientist, depending on the occasion – all working for one of the most secretive organisations on this planet, you were not allowed to talk about the majority of what you did. The rest of the time they spent together. Talking about the latest battle got old pretty fast. Training with each other was not a viable option either, because aiming for each other's throats did not put anyone at ease. Of course they had to spar. They would be stupid not to, since their missions still contained fifty percent fighting and fifty percent damage control (also mostly by fighting). Still, it was not something they particularly enjoyed.Therefore, Steve had asked for options where they could come together and relax, aside of semi–regular movie nights. In a fit of wit, meant mostly as a joke, Tony had suggested baking. Surprisingly, that suggestion had not been rejected immediately. After going over a few other options, everybody had agreed to the engineer's initial idea. Henceforth, every Thursday one of them was choosing a recipe and they started throwing flour, butter and eggs at each other. At least if Bruce was not the one choosing. He had the irritating habit to find 'vegetarian' or even 'vegan' recipes he wanted to try. They were pretty good, but that was beside the point. What fun was baking without an occasional food-fight?The problem at the moment was that their favourite couple of spies was in Cuba, or Leningrad or somewhere else. The information of their whereabouts was classified and for once, Tony had not bothered to hack into the S.H.I.E.L.D. database to discover it. They had been away for the last two weeks. The remaining Avengers had waited and forgone baking Thursday the first week, opting for a movie and take–out instead. Thor had told them that he would have to leave for Asgard in the morning, making it impossible for him to fully savour the fruits of their combined efforts.The second week, Tony, Bruce and Steve had longingly looked at the kitchen. But nobody had actually voiced his desire to make something.Yesterday, Wednesday of the third week, after a fight with some vicious aliens that had reminded Tony uncomfortably of the Chitauri, the engineer had ordered ingredients for some cake (sparkling decoration included) from JARVIS, the moment he had left S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters after debriefing.Nearly three years had passed since Loki’s attempt to govern earth. Three years of nightmares, panic attacks, and reluctantly attended therapy Pepper persuaded him to join, after he nearly lost her in the battle against Aldrich Killian. Tony had turned his life around, had gotten better. At least he had thought so. But today’s attack had brought everything back to the surface. The engineer spent a few hours repairing his suit before crawling into bed shortly before sunrise. Fortunately Pepper had decided to stay in the tower tonight. Her warm, pliant body instinctively turned towards his, helping Tony to ground himself and find some sleep.When he had woken in the early afternoon, her scent had still lingered, making Tony smile for a second, before the memories assaulted him once again. Taking a deep breath, he forced down the rising anxiety, hopped into a much needed shower and randomly pulled some clothes out of his wardrobe. When he entered the kitchen in jeans and his old Black Sabbath long–sleeve, Pepper was chatting with Steve and Bruce, who were hovering indecisively.After his first cup of coffee, bless Steve for supplying his drug of choice, Tony decided to grab the bull at its horns. "Guys, I thought that maybe we could ..." Making a vague gesture towards the oven, he couldn't think of a way of how to finish that sentence without implying to go behind the backs of their favourite spies."I ... ahm ..." Bruce rubbed his hands nervously. "There were ingredients for frosting in the fridge and I didn't want them to go bad." Tony refrained from mentioning that he had ordered them only yesterday, since things were clearly going into the desired direction.Steve suggested, "We could make something small. Just so nothing will go bad."Captain America, the guy raised during the great depression, was swallowing his tongue while proposing a team bonding activity, with only half the team present. How adorable. Tony would not mention this to Clint and Natasha, but if they asked Steve, the Captain would fold like a house of cards and they would all be busted. A glance towards Bruce told him, that his science-brother was well aware of this. Stil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Loki/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Aftermath of Torture
Rape Aftermath
Mpreg
Slavery
Punishment
Corporal Punishment
Nightmares
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki Needs a Hug
Protective Pepper
Extremis Pepper Potts
BAMF Pepper Potts
Avengers Family
FrostIron - Freeform
Touch-Starved
Intersex Loki
Parent Tony Stark
Flashbacks
Panic Attacks
Suicidal Thoughts
Canon - Movie
Odin's A+ Parenting
Twins
Canon Divergent (now and then)
Slave Loki

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Loki/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

