Chapter 1: Finding Sanctuary
    




Chapter Text
  Bucky’s delirious with pain, hunger, and thirst as he’s dragged forward, stumbling, up a handful of steep stairs and into a bright spotlight. The iron-heavy collar around his throat digs into his flesh as whoever holds the chain on the other end hauls him sharply forward. He scrambles to stay on his feet but his legs give out underneath him as he’s yanked backward and he hits his knees hard enough to jar his bones. He squints against the bright light, trying to gauge where he is, to figure out what the hell is going on now, but it takes a long time for his eyes to focus past the headache, past the blinding light, past the fear that rises in him as he sees a crowd in front of him and finally,  finally the scents in the room settle enough for him to breathe them in.Alphas. He’s surrounded by Alphas. Maybe a few Betas, impossible to scent under all the musk in the room, but not a single Omega, not one. Except for him. Abruptly, he realizes what is going on and where he is, in a general sense anyway. He’s spot-lit on a stage and someone off to the side is  auctioning him off. Fear spikes sharply through his body and he struggles against the binding that keeps his right arm tight against his side. His legs tremble, unable to support his weight properly, and just as he manages to start some sliding movement, a hand grabs him by the hair on the back of his head and draws him up, putting him on display. He’s cold and the ropes chafe on his skin and waist and he knows he’s only in thin breeches, barely more modest than underclothes with how worn they are. His body, his chest, his jagged, scarred left shoulder, it’s all on display. Rage pulses through him, hot and fast, burning out the fear. Bucky jerks his head and snaps his teeth, trying to get at the arm that holds him. They pull harder on his hair and Bucky snarls in pain, struggling more. If they want to sell him—If they’re going to try and auction him off— He won’t go quietly. He’s not some meek, knot-hungry Omega and he  will fight back.There’s a sharp rap of wood on wood and the hand in his hair shoves his head forward. He hears the auctioneer’s voice  “Sold! Five thousand credits to Carbonell!”,  hears raucous laughter, hears the voice of whoever is dragging him away, low and nasty, “Oh you two deserve each other for sure, practically a matching set of fucked up. I almost feel sorry for your pups.” Bucky takes advantage of the hand out of his hair to twist himself almost completely around and sink his teeth into the flesh of the man’s arm who holds him. He digs his teeth in as hard as he can and the taste of blood explodes in his mouth, copper sweet and hot as sin. The man—a Beta, Bucky can taste it in his blood—screams and struggles, trying to wrench his arm away. Before he manages it, though, something hits Bucky hard across the back of his head and everything goes black.  
  When Bucky wakes, he wishes vehemently that he hadn’t. His head feels swollen; his heartbeat echoing in the throb of his skull. His mouth tastes of blood and sour fear. He can still feel the heavy iron weight of the collar around his neck, but he’s no longer trembling from a chill. Instead, there is a thick woolen blanket draped over his body.He curled up tighter instinctively, pulling his head under the blanket and wrapping his arm around himself. And then he realizes he can move his arm, there’s nothing tying him down  at all. Bucky’s brain short circuits for a moment and then, cautiously, he feels out the surface he’s on top of with his one hand. It’s cushioned, but not thick like some down-stuffed mattress. He can feel the hard metal frame beneath, though the mattress he’s on does enough to keep him comfortable.The other thing he’s getting is the smell. The blanket he’s under. The mattress he’s on. The pillow under his head. It all smells the same. It all smells like  Alpha. It’s musky and thick in the back of his throat and carries the tang of hot metal and something bitter that cuts through it, a scent he hasn’t come across before. Bucky throws off the blanket and rolls off the bed. He hits a wooden floor hard enough to rattle his ribs and for a moment he’s too stunned to do anything but breathe. As soon as he’s caught his breath, though, Bucky rolls under the bed, wedging him into that tiny space so he can calm down and breathe and figure out what the fuck is going on.There’s silence for a while. Maybe whoever has him captive now didn’t hear him fall out of the bed. Maybe he’s alone and after he’s caught his breath and decided on an escape, he can try and—There are approaching footsteps, a slightly uneven gait, and then the door opens and someone steps inside. Bucky huddled against the wall under the bed, shivering and curled up tight. Looking out from under the bed, he can see a pair of boots, dark brown and unadorned except for heavy-duty laces. They’re the kind of boots Bucky would’ve worn, if he had boots anymore. Utilitar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Dimension Travel
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Disabled Character
Alternate Universe - Post-Apocalypse
Strangers to Lovers
references to omegas as property and being sold off
my attempt at a somewhat slow burn we'll see how that goes
Tags to be added
Mildly Dubious Consent
just in case because it is an omegaverse fic
forced bonding (possible)
lots and lots of comfort and fluff though
a little bit slice of life maybe
intersex a/b/o characteristics
Age Difference
Older Man/Younger Man

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

