Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Hey? Steve?” Intent on the reflection in Steve’s mirrored aviator lenses, Tony asked, “Remember those mistakes I was talking about? That time? One of them is coming up behind me. Should I apol—““Tony Stark.” The man’s eyes, dark like a midnight sky bereft of stars, shifted from Tony to Steve. His gaze raked through the crescent curl of hair that cut across the smooth expanse of Steve’s forehead; slid down the strong line of his nose to catch on the bow of his lips. “And this, this must be your latest fuck buddy.”Steve’s brow arched over the rim of his glasses.“Love of my life, actually,” Tony said, the words like breath: produced without pause or thought. “Steve, this is--Well, this is embarrassing.” Propping his elbow on the table, Tony toyed with the tines of a fork, capitalizing on the pregnant moment to dam the impotent anger rising like a tide in his chest; he cast the lie left in its wake out, breaking his silence. “It seems I’ve discarded your name. Would you?”The man shrugged; an easy, elegant roll of his shoulders. “Temp. Templeto--““Temp? You must be—No, you really aren’t. Kidding. That’s just.” Tony cocked his head, smiled. “Prophetic.”“You haven’t changed, I see.” Temp sunk his hands in the pockets of tailored wool trousers. “Nor has your material.”“Have I said that before? I’m sure I haven’t, because it would be redundant, wouldn’t it, to say it again, now, and I am categorically opposed to repetition. It’s a general principle thing,” Tony said. “Which would account for our--What was it? One night stand?”“A month.” The corner of Temp’s grin flirted with malice. “Then, like the bitch you are, you tucked tail and ran.” Shifting his focus to Steve, he continued, “Tony here talks a big game, but fuck him too hard and his sensibilities show.” Temp pulled a hand free of his pocket and brought it up to Steve’s hair, pushing the curl back with a quick, adept sweep of manicured fingertips. “Something to keep in mind--Steve, wasn’t it?” Slight muscles in Tony’s jaw tightened. The lines of his face shifted, settled into the flat landscape of bored disdain: the mask he’d lost somewhere between Steve’s door and bed resurfacing. As Steve’s searching eyes regarded him, Tony was exquisitely aware of the cracks, how easy it would be for Steve to strip him of his last hiding place, leaving Tony laid bare.“That’s always been something of a problem for you, hasn’t it, Temp. You never could keep your hands to yourself. But I’ll tell you what.” Tony stood. He tugged his sunglasses off, tossed them onto the table, and leveled a hard stare at the other man. “Touch him again and I’ll break you of the habit.”“Easy, Tony.” Temp gestured to the occupied tables scattered around the restaurant’s patio. “You’re making a scene.”“No. He’s not.” Steve rose from his seat. “But I will.”“Gentlemen, you seem to have misconstrued my intent in--”A petite woman, her hair pulled into a loose bun at the nape of her neck, tentatively moved into the slip of space Tony had left between them and reached for Temp’s elbow. “Mr. Bainbridge? Our table is ready.” “Olivia. Excellent.” Pressing a proprietary hand against the base of her spine, Temp appraised Steve: the breadth of his chest and shoulders, the length of his arms, down the strong column of his legs. A flush climbed Temp’s throat and spread across his cheeks; the heat of it burning through his expanding pupils. “It was a pleasure to meet you, Steve. I hope to do so again. Perhaps when you find yourself in need of company you might look me up.”“He’s out of your league, Temp,” Tony told him. “But go ahead. Hold your breath.”“Mr. Bainbridge, we really should--”“Yes, of course.” Offering her his arm, Temp lingered on Steve a moment longer before submitting to Olivia’s insistent pull. The constricting pressure twined like barbed wire around Tony’s lungs eased as Temp crossed the threshold into the lounge. He waited, watching as the man moved through the dark recesses of the dining room until he disappeared from view. Offering a wan smile to the politely curious couple at the next table, Tony dropped into his chair, his fist rubbing distracted circles on his chest.“Tell me.”Tony’s arm jerked, striking the glasses he’d forgotten about, pitching the metal rim into an empty glass; the resulting chime was a requiem, tolling the end of his reprieve. “This isn’t the time, Steve, or the place.”“Do I need to list all of the things we’ve done that invalidate that argument? Tell me, Tony.”“I--Seriously. Not here. We’ll go home. I’ll--You want details? You’ll have them.”Tony threw several bills on the table; too much money for the coffee he had barely touched, Steve's water. “Tony.” Steve urged Tony’s face up with two fingers under his chin. “For now, confirm something for me: He hurt you?”“It was a long time ago.” Tony pulled back. Steve followed, palming his cheek, restlessly stroking a thumb across the stubble that shaded the line above his beard. “It doesn’t mat--”“Did 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Past Abuse

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

