Chapter 1: Straight off the Graveyard Shift
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
     Question:     What do you do when the Black Widow shows up on your doorstep?      “So let me get this straight,” Darcy said as Natasha moved passed her into the tiny living area/kitchen of her shitty D.C. apartment, the one she was barely making rent on with two jobs and a TA position at Culver.     “You’ve blown all of your covers?”     “Yep,” Natasha popped the ‘p’ before moving into the small bedroom. Darcy followed with her arms crossed, brow furrowed.     “And you’re going to go searching for a new one…basically anywhere you want.”     “Mmhm.” She slid the doors of Darcy’s closet open and Darcy watched in bemusement as she grabbed choice items from her wardrobe.     “And it’s going to be hella dangerous, with leftover remnants of Hydra and all manner of old enemies springing up from the shadows to kill you.”     “Absolutely.” She put all the clothes on Darcy’s bed and then reached underneath to pull out her suitcase, which, Darcy wasn’t going to ask why she knew where that was.     “And you want me, a civilian with nothing but a doctorate in poli-sci, to go with you.”     Natasha popped the gum in her mouth as she turned to face Darcy where she was standing in the doorway. They stared at each other for a moment before Natasha grinned.     “Yes.”     Darcy looked at Natasha, then the apartment around her. She thought about how shitty the jobs she was working were—a diner and front-desk assistant at a small firm—and then about all the danger that going with the black widow might entail. She shrugged.     “Alright. Why the hell not?”     Answer:     You follow her.




Notes:

Get it, because she just came from the graveyard. You know. The final scene. No? Okay.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis & Sam Wilson
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Guess who gets kidnapped
bet you can't
Temporary Character Death
Crushed by the weight of hot amnesiac assassins
Sam Wilson is a Gift
cooking with falcon
accidentally a therapist to a therapist
Bucky the food thief
She's going to need the pot back Bucky
Protective Sam Wilson
Darcy needs a day job
Mutual Pining
Pining
Asexual Character
Asexual Natasha Romanov
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Pansexual Darcy Lewis
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Infinity Gems

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis & Sam Wilson
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

