Chapter 1: Picking Up the Pieces
    




Chapter Text
Recluse of SHIELD (Season 6)- GHOSTS --Preface- The price of victoryMick stood alone in the back of the small country style church in Boston. It was hard to be here, much harder than he thought it would be. Phillip James Coulson had passed away, this time for the last time. That alone was a strange thought, but the wild ride it had been since Nick Fury had Coulson revived wasn’t one Mick would ever regret going on. It gave him more time with the man who stepped into the fathering mentor he needed. It put him on a team with a family that was strong enough to handle anything the world could throw at them. Strong enough to stop the world from ending. At least, in a sense.
It was true SHIELD stopped the world from being torn apart by Glenn Talbot in his gravitonium induced psychosis, but that wasn’t the only threat the world faced. Glenn Talbot had tried to warn them about a mad titan named Thanos. Unfortunately, leaving Talbot to stop Thanos destroyed the world due to his lust for power, which was a future none of them wanted to endure again. On the flipped side of the coin, Thanos defeated the Avengers, managed to gather powerful artifacts known as Infinity Stones, and used them to wipe out half of the universe with a simple snap of his fingers. The people that vanished weren’t picked in any manner either. It was completely random. There were newborns left without parents, elders losing their entire family at the end of their lives, newborns vanished from their mothers hands. It was pure chaos.
No one knew for sure who all was missing, versus who had vanished. Mack and Yo-yo had been running themselves ragged trying to compile that list while also attending meetings with the fractured US government. Today was honestly the first time they had all been together in a few months.
“She’s going to need you up there Webby,” Mack said as he patted Mick’s shoulders.
“I know,” Mick grimaced. “I just thought going through this a second time wouldn’t hurt this bad.”
“How weird is it to say that?” Yo-Yo asked as she smiled sympathetically.
“So weird,” Mick wiped a tear from his face as he chuckled.
“Is everyone else here?” Mack asked as Mick nodded.
“I don’t think May left,” Mick said.
”I’m sure she’s taking it worse than the rest of us,” Yo-Yo said as Mick shrugged.
“It’s really hard when you lose your world,” Mack stated as Mick thought back to Mack’s struggle to leave the Framework because of his daughter, and his own reluctance because of Sam.
“It’s been a while, eh mate?” Lance Hunter walked in with Bobbi Morse behind him. “Sorry it’s never under better circumstances.”
“How’s Daisy holding up?” Bobbi asked as Mack and Yo-Yo started to seek out a seat.
“It’s been rough,” Mick said as he started toward the front. The eulogy was touching, there wasn’t a dry eye in the room. To make things a little more difficult, Mack, Mick, Fitz, and Lance were the bearers. Watching everyone place their lily on Coulson’s casket was heart wrenching. It was their final goodbye. It was hard to say who was hurting worse, although May was much less receptive to conversation than everyone else. After everything was over, Mick watched May stand by the grave silently. Everyone knew why, her love for Coulson was on a much different level. It had to be killing her inside to have been there as he took his last breath. It had to be torment knowing that we could’ve saved him if the circumstances had been different. “I’m going to talk to her,” Daisy said as Mick nodded. “I’ll catch up with you guys at the hotel.” “May,” Daisy said softly as May tensed up and brushed her cheeks. “You don’t have to be a lone wolf. We’re all here for you.”
“I know,” May said, her voice raspy. She then cleared her throat before looking at Daisy trying hard to force her emotionless expression to hide her intense pain. “I knew it wouldn’t be long, and it didn’t matter how much I tried to tell myself it couldn’t be longer, it wasn’t enough time.”
“It still bothers me that he wouldn’t let us save him,” Daisy placed her arm around May as they stared at the grave.
“He wanted to go out on his own terms,” May sighed. “And this time, he did. Peacefully.”
“May, I’m so sorry,” Daisy said as May shook her head with a soft smile.
“Don’t be,” May wiped a tear from her eyes. “It’s what he wanted.” May then shook her head, wiped her face, and took in a deep breath. “What are you guys doing about this disappearance phenomenon?”
“We’re still trying to piece it all together,” Daisy shrugged. “All we know for sure; it was caused by Thanos. Mack has us with Natasha and Rodgers investigating everyone’s claims, and it’s bad. There’s so much loss.”
“Anyone we know?” May asked.
“A few people that Mack knew from his STARS days, Patten Brent. Jerren Bennet turned up on the list recently, I don’t know if Mick knows about that yet,” Daisy said as May shook her head and frowned.
“So there wasn’t an order to it?” May asked as Daisy shook her head.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Alphonso "Mack" Mackenzie/Yo Yo Rodriguez
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Original Character(s)
Mick Bellouve | Recluse

fandom: 
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Alphonso "Mack" Mackenzie/Yo Yo Rodriguez
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Original Male Character(s)

