Work Text:

forgiveness is the release of all hope for a better past.
            -Buddy Wakefield  Clint loved Natasha like he loved a lot of stupid ideas. She was hard and fast and dangerous and looked at Clint like he was a weapon not a carnie. She had hair the color of blood and only smiled when she didn’t mean it and lived like a house on fire and Clint felt alive just being in her orbit. Natasha taught him how to knife fight, how to find a man’s weaknesses, how to swear in Russian, French, Italian. She taught him that who you were and how the world saw you were two different things. That it was better that way.At night, in cheap motels and the backseat of cars, Clint dreamed about the Swordsman. About Trick Shot. About his father. About Barney. About all the people he had loved over the years, all the people who had betrayed him, hurt him. Everyone who had tried to kill him.In the daylight, and under street lamps, and in the light of those cheap motels, Natasha looked like something different. Like something new. Like someone better. But in the light of cop cars and searchlights and the buzzing fluorescent lights of an interrogation room, Natasha looked a lot like the same old story.  SHIELD Agent Phil Coulson wore suits and patent leather loafers and he had a receding hairline and the smile of a man who thought that fantasy football was a fulfilling hobby. Clint smiled the way Natasha taught him: sharp and bright and, on him, a bit feral at the edges, his teeth smeared with the blood of a rough arrest.Phil Coulson was not cowed. Phil Coulson smiled back.“I’d ask you where you learned to shoot like that,” Coulson says, voice as bland as his smile, “But Romanoff always wrote exemplary field reports.” Clint tells him to go fuck himself and Coulson just laughs, “We have a few options for you now, Mr. Barton. Option A, we can put you through a sort of rehabilitation program, if you will. Finish training you up properly and then put you in the field for us. Or, B, we can put you in such a high security prison it’ll be as if you never existed. Or,” and Phil Coulson smiles at this, smiles like he’s just heard a joke at a dinner party, “or we can use you as bait.”  Clint chooses option A. They use him as bait anyways.  “I thought I said A.” Clint says, covered in the blood of the man who had made him the marksman he is today, “If you’re not actually going to listen, don’t give me a choice.”Coulson hands him a towel, “Not my call, Barton. But there’s nothing quite like a trial by fire.”Clint grins, the cocksure confidence that got him into bar fights and into Natasha’s pants, “And how’d I do?”Coulson taps twice above his left eyebrow and looks disappointed, “An inch to the right next time and we’ll keep you.”Clint thinks he did pretty fucking good considering the last time he'd shot a rifle he was twelve, firing a bb gun at tin cans, his brother helping him, young enough to still be on Clint's side. "Get me a real fucking weapon and maybe I could shoot straight."Coulson smiles that same bland smile and says, "We'll see."  SHIELD puts Clint up in a windowless box at HQ and gives him a pittance as a per diem, not that he can use it. He’s confined to quarters unless he’s accompanied by an authorized agent, and even then they only let him go to the cafeteria or the gym or the range. It’s basically house arrest.They teach him how to field strip a gun and they buy him new clothes that he doesn’t wear and they put him in rooms with psychiatrists who spend fruitless hours trying to make him talk about his parents, about the circus, about Natasha.Clint doesn’t know where Natasha is. He knows she set him up and let SHIELD find him, put him in this daycare program for potentially useful but definitely violent adults. He knows the idea of her clings to him like a ghost, and that it makes the SHIELD agents nervous. They remind Clint of the horses he spent time around as a kid: put ‘em on the job and they’re as steadfast as anything, but when the show’s over, they’re jumping at shadows.Clint’s okay with that. He likes shadows. He can work with shadows. He just wishes he knew what the hell Natasha was thinking.  Phil Coulson finds Clint in the cafeteria. Coulson’s wearing a tailored suit and eating a hot dog smothered in sauerkraut and all of the Junior Agents give him a wide berth and looks of awe.“I hear you’ve been giving the shrinks the silent treatment,” he says instead of hello like a normal person.“Have you come to punish me by breathing sauerkraut all over me?” Clint asks because he kind of thinks that Phil Coulson is an asshole.Coulson ignores him, “I don’t care about the shrinks, but do you think if I dig up some medieval weaponry you can manage to shoot straight this time?”Phil Coulson is the only person who thinks that a single, clean kill shot to the head is a misfire. Phil Coulson is an asshole. Clint sort of likes him.  Coulson gets him a brand new recurve bow and some grips and gear and takes him to Beirut to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
past Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship

freeform: 
Backstory
Get Together
brief depiction of torture

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
past Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship

