Work Text:
Between Pepper and Stark Industries, Fury and SHIELD, and his own, personal projects, Tony's to do list had over a hundred items on it. He rested his chin on his hands and stared at the list, which JARVIS had helpfully color coded into urgent (bright red), high priority (blue), moderate (green), and can wait (yellow). Right now the screen was awash in red and blue, and the green and yellow were sorely lacking. He watched in growing disbelief as his email pinged, and then a previously green item turned into blue and shot up the list."J, you have got to be kidding me," he croaked, his throat aching a little. "Didn't I finish like half of this list just yesterday? Why is it so long now?""I'm afraid Miss Potts has been sending you a number of emails, Sir," JARVIS replied. "Director Fury has also sent you three different emails, and attempted to contact you repeatedly by phone. Every hour you delay in sending him a response, he adds another item onto your list.""Of fucking course he does," Tony muttered, fighting off the urge to start laughing hysterically. He was pretty sure that he wouldn't be able to stop laughing if he started, and this to do list wasn't going to finish itself. Hell, he wasn't sure he was even capable of finishing it. Not with the rate that things were piling up. He pushed away from the desk, turning his back on the holographic screen like that would somehow make it all go away. It didn't work. It was all still there, hovering right behind him. Sometimes it was so damned tempting to just tell Fury to go fuck himself. To be done with whoring himself out to SHIELD just so that he could stay on as a consultant to the Avengers. But then again, that would mean giving up the team, and Tony would rather work himself into a heart attack before he let that happen.The team might not be crazy about having him around, but without them Tony really would lose it. And it felt like he was barely clinging to reality as it was. He scrubbed his fingers through his hair, not caring that he'd probably just smeared grease in, and started to turn back to face the list. At that moment, though, the workshop door swung open and Steve strode in. Immediately Tony waved a hand, sending his list away and retrieving some specs for the latest suit."Tony, don't you ever look at your email?" Steve asked, not bothering to say hello. So he wasn't here for a quick fuck, then. Pity, Tony could've used the break. "Fury's been trying to contact you.""I know," Tony said wearily, feeling the beginnings of what promised to be a spectacular migraine building behind his eyes. He groped around behind him, finding the handy bottle of painkillers he kept in the shop, and downed a couple dry. At the very least, it would put off the inevitable for a little while longer.Steve was still frowning at him. "Then don't you think you should take a minute to read one of the messages?" he asked, voice full of the kind of disapproval that only Captain America was capable of."I'd love to, Cap, but I have more important things on my plate than to worry about the newest update for the Helicarrier," Tony replied in a flash of rare honesty. It wasn't that he minded working for SHIELD. At least Fury had stopped trying to get him to create weapons. Now most of the things he commissioned were for safety: comms upgrades, helicarrier updates, a faster quinjet. But when it started interfering with the other seventy things on his list, that's when it started being a problem."This is about more than just the helicarrier.""Then what is it? SHIELD R&D fucked up those new comms I gave them? That would be -""It's... your father," Steve cut in, and Tony blinked at him, shocked into silence. The last time he'd heard those words, he'd been a student at MIT and Obadiah Stane was calling to tell him about the accident that had killed Howard and Maria Stark. He still remembered how cold he'd gone after hearing them, like he wanted to be sick but his body couldn't figure out how to make that happen. The same feeling was creeping up on him now, but it was accompanied by the knife sharp edge of panic that he was intimately familiar with."My father?" he said abruptly, realizing that he'd been silent for nearly a minute and that Steve was looking increasingly concerned. "I'm not sure what year you think it is, but my father died -""That's just thing, Tony," Steve said, interrupting again, but this time there was no heat behind it. "There was... I don't know exactly what happened, but apparently there's a sixty-year-old Howard Stark on the helicarrier right now. That's why Fury has been trying to get into contact with you."A dull roaring filled Tony's ears. He could see Steve's lips moving, but none of the words were registering. It took everything he had to keep from falling to the ground and curling up into a ball until the whole world just went away, but this was more than he could handle. Even though it was probably a monumentally bad idea to be mixing medications,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Tony Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Punching
Abuse
Verbal Abuse
migraines
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Feels
BAMF Steve Rogers
BAMF Phil Coulson
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Platonic Cuddling
Team Bonding
tony is not a consultant
Cuddling
Love Confessions
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Tony Angst
Tony Stark Has A Heart
compliments
the team really does need tony
Time Travel
hand wavy time travel
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Avengers
Panic Attacks
Comfort
Fluff
all the feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

