Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The portal immediately closed behind Peter as soon as he flew through it, disbelief visible on his eyes as well as excitement. He immediately runs to MJ and Ned who were already demanding to know what happened out there.‘I just had a fight with doctor Strange and I totally won!’ Peter and MJ share a quick hug before Peter turns towards the caged men behind him. it was Otto who spoke up first.‘You could have left us to die, why didn’t you?’ not that he was complaining, obviously, but he couldn’t wrap his mind around the ‘why’ of this boy willing to risk fighting a damn wizard to defend 5 men he never met before. Hell, some of them even attacked him as soon as they got the chance, himself included. But this boy went above and beyond to keep them here longer.‘That’s just not who he is.’ MJ answers. Otto looks between the two, they sure got each others backs. It was something he honestly quite missed. The only ones that had his back at the moment were the tentacles that were literally attached to it.Peter went on talking about how he could cure them before sending them back, maybe giving them a fair shot at not dying that way. But Otto was only half listening. The ai was talking to him, their voiced so loud his own thoughts were drowned out. ‘We don’t need to be fixed’ and ‘don’t even dare let that boy come near us’. The actuators were disabled from moving with Peters Bluetooth, but that didn’t make their voices softer.Otto takes his chances looking around the room, Peters’ voice sounding distant. His words are no longer registering. He looks to his left, where his eyes meet those of Norman Osborn. A scowl forms on Ottos’ face. The AI were talking loudly is his head. ‘Don’t trust anyone’ they kept telling him. And by now Otto was very much convinced they were right.Norman was still shocked. He looked at the man who was once one of his best friends, who now had four gigantic tentacles attached to his back and a shit temper. This wasn’t the Otto he remembered from back in his time in his universe. Otto had always been an outgoing man who was passionate about his work and put everyone ahead of himself.Norman envied that. He always felt guilty about the way he had been treating his son. He should have been gentler with him. Right now, all he wanted was to get home, no matter how. So, when the goblin started to push his way forward, he let him speak.‘First, we gain Peters trust, then we sneak or break out when he least expects it. We have a whole new world to conquer.’ The goblin told Norman. The man just stood still, letting the goblin tell him his plan while trying to maintain the face of innocent old man around these people. Of course, Otto and Flint knew already, they were from his universe. But at this time Peter, MJ and Ned in particular had no idea of the powers he actually possessed, and for now he wanted to keep it that way.Both men realized at the same time they were lost in thought while an uneasy silence had settle in the wizards dungeon. When they both looked back around taking in what they had missed, they realized Ned and MJ had left, and the box Peter brought back from the portal was also gone.It took them a moment to realize what was going on, but when they saw Peter pulling at some form of rock and seeing both the lizard guy and the electric guy had sat down on the floor, it became clear.Peter had no idea how to open these cages the wizard had made.Norman could feel the goblin start to laugh and call Peter names for being so stupid that he forgot to figure this bit out before starting a full on speech on curing them. ‘So that is what he was saying just now’ was the scientists only reaction. The goblin wouldn’t surface now, he wasn’t ready to show his true colours yet, so Norman remained calm and looked at Peter with pity. Otto had a more difficult time keeping the AI thoughts to himself.‘So, what are you going to do now, spider-boy?’ Otto spoke up in a snarking tone, he was in no control over the voices in his head. ‘Were you gonna ask the wizard for help? Sure, that would be a good idea. Maybe he’d even bring party hats this time!’. Sarcasm was dripping from his voice, and Peter looked at him with a hurt expression. Norman immediately noticed it and managed to push the goblin back far enough to speak up.‘Otto come on, this boy is risking everything to help you, can’t you just be grateful and try to come up with an actual solution? You are a brilliant scientist after all.’ Norman tried to speak to the Otto still hiding somewhere in that brain. ‘We just don’t need to be fixed!’ Otto spat back.‘You’re not yourself now, just let the boy do his work, have some faith.’ Norman reasoned.Otto let out a defeated grunt. There was nothing he could do at the moment after all. He opted to look at the ground again, pouting and brooding.The gears in Peters head were turning. He looked around the room frantically trying to find a good solution to his problem. But he knew little to nothin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Norman Osborn/Reader
Otto Octavius/Reader
Doc Ock/Reader
green goblin/reader

freeform: 
Reader Insert
choose your ending
SMUT!
oral (both receiving)
Drinking

fandom: 
Norman Osborn/Reader
Otto Octavius/Reader
Doc Ock/Reader
green goblin/reader

