Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Honey, where's the first aid kit?”“Behind the front desk – wait, what?” Steve spun around frowning, his face only slightly relaxing when he saw Peggy unharmed but towing a limping, sheepish-looking guy behind her. “Shit, everything okay?”“Yes!”“No!” Peggy glared at the guy and pointed to the sofa that made up the waiting area of Steve's shop. “Sit.”“I'm really okay,” the guy said, shooting Steve a pleading look. Steve ignored it, and dug out the big plastic case himself. “Really.”“You took a tumble that would have made Buster Keaton weep with envy,” Peggy informed him. “Icepack, ace bandage, and alcohol wipes please, Steve.”Steve, not being dumb, placed the requested items in Peggy's outstretched hand.The guy tried the pleading look again. Good grief, he was adorable. “I'm so sorry, she insisted...”“It's okay,” Steve assured him, and pulled a wooden crate over to sit on. Peggy had manhandled the guy into turning sideways on the sofa, and was loosening the laces on his left boot. “What happened?”
The other man rolled his eyes and went to shove his hair out of his face – stopping, Steve noticed, when he saw the bloody scrapes on the palm of his hand. “
Fuck. Um. Seriously, I just tripped and fell, it's nothing.”
“He was walking along the edge of that horrible new fountain and slipped and landed practically in my lap,” Peggy informed Steve. She had gotten the boot off and pulled the guy's sock down, frowning at his ankle before she settled the icepack on it. “This is sprained.”“Twisted,” the guy corrected, turning an absolutely beautiful shade of red. “And. Uh. Yeah, that about covers it. You really, really don't have to do this...”“We really, really don't mind,” Steve said, and reached for the guy's right hand, uncurling it and opening an alcohol wipe. “Sorry, this is gonna sting.”“S'okay,” he assured Steve, and he didn't even wince as he wiped the blood and grit off.“Other hand,” Steve said, and wondered why the guy started laughing – until he reached out, and Steve could see clearly that his hand was metal, beautiful, articulated, and obviously a prosthetic. “Oh. Heh. I'm sorry. Guess this one's okay.”“It's all right,” the guy said, and he smiled he was really adorable. “I'm Bucky, by the way.”“Steve. And your rescuer is Peggy.” Steve craned his head over and checked Bucky's ankle himself. “And you're not leaving until that swelling goes down.”“Dude, no,” Bucky protested. “You've got a business to run, and you damn well don't need me taking up half the shop --”“You're staying,” Peggy informed him as Steve simultaneously assured him that the shop didn't open for another two hours.“You could try arguing with us,” Steve offered, “But I promise, you'd lose.”Bucky's eyes narrowed, but he was smiling. “Really? I'm pretty stubborn.”Steve just crossed his arms and stared him down.“Give it up now,” Peggy advised. “And how do you take your coffee?”“Black – wait, no! Peggy, no, don't, I'm fine, just...don't let me take up any more of your time,” Bucky said, holding out his hand, pleading.“That's two black coffees, Peg, plus whatever you want,” Steve said serenely. “My wallet's in my back pocket. Seriously, dude, don't even try to argue with us,” he advised, and reached for Bucky's right hand, frowning when he saw it was still seeping blood. “Hey, bring me the gauze when you're up, Pegs?”“Bucky,” Peggy said, her voice softening for practically the first time since she'd wrestled Bucky onto the sofa. “You're not imposing, or taking us away from anything else, or anything like that. I promise. Now let Steve bandage your hand, and drink your coffee, and when your ankle looks better we'll release you back into the wild,” she ended sweetly.Bucky relaxed a little. “If you're absolutely sure...”“I'm sure, I'm sure!” Steve said, and Peggy fished the wallet out of his jeans pocket. They kissed quickly, and she left after tossing the gauze to Steve, who caught it easily.“Sorry. We're both a little strong-willed,” Steve admitted, carefully wrapping Bucky's hand. “Um. We're not keeping you from anything, are we?”“Steve, Peggy found me when I was seeing if I could balance on the edge of a fountain,” Bucky said dryly. “I'm not exactly racing off to work.”Steve laughed, and tied off the ends of the bandage neatly. “Good. Hey, lie back,” he encouraged, and lifted Bucky's leg, icepack and all, to rest on the back of the sofa. “Anything else I should know about?"Bucky shook his head, smiling up at Steve. “Thank you. I don't live far, I could've gotten home, but...thank you.”“Hey, no problem,” Steve said, and settled down again on the wooden crate. “Seriously. Um. I'm sorry it had to be under these conditions, but it's always nice to meet someone from the neighborhood.”
Bucky grinned, rakish and lovely. “Likewise. So. You run 
the
 tattoo shop?”
“Uh huh. Well, really, I do the tattoos and Peggy runs the business.” Steve smiled, and didn't care too much that he probably went all sappy. “She's so much better tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Slow Burn
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Genderfluid Character
Mentions of Cancer
Canon Disabled Character
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Internalized Transphobia
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Humor
Threesome - F/M/M
Happy Ending
Genderfluid Bucky Barnes
cameo appearances from canon
Heavy Petting
BDSM Scene
Spanking
Aftercare
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Consent
Pegging
Praise Kink
Pain Kink
Past Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Bisexual Peggy Carter
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

