Chapter 1: The Dormant Spider
    




Chapter Text
  “Sorry I’m late. My class ran later at the Kamar-Taj.” Tony Stark looked up at the deep voice to find a portal in the middle of the communal living room. The Master of the Mystic Arts strode into the room, confident as always. He was dressed in his robes, complete with his red cloak. The sight sent a stirring low in Tony’s belly, and he smirked at the doctor. Before Tony could give a witty quip, Steve spoke before he could. “That’s okay. We were about to order some food. What would you like?” It was team bonding night (as Steve had come to call it) and everyone was in the Tower for the evening. With the cold weather that was currently sweeping through New York, the team had decided to stay indoors for the night. “Whatever you are ordering will be fine,” Stephen said as the portal closed behind him. “FRIDAY, put another order in for Pad Thai for the wizard,” Tony ordered. He smirked when Stephen gave him a surprised look. Of course, Tony had noticed that the Doctor always favoured the dish whenever they ordered food. His crush on the wizard was getting out of hand. “Thank you,” Stephen said, his voice low and only for Tony ears. Tony nodded, trying to not look as though the Doctors intense stare had made his heart rate pick up. It was hard though. Stephen had a way at looking at Tony that made his insides squirm with delight and heat race. He was gone on those blue, grey eyes that seemed to pierce Tony’s soul every time they looked at him. “Tony.” Bruce’s voice snapped Tony gaze from Stephen’s, and he blinked. He felt like a kid who had his hand caught in the cookie jar. “Yeah?” “Do you know if Spiderman is joining us?” “His text said he was,” Tony said. He pulled out his phone, bringing up the last message. “Good. I have a book Spiderman might be interested in,” Stephen said as he slipped off his sling ring and placed it in his pocket. Tony smiled down at his phone. 
On my way, Mr. Stark! 

 
That had been nearly an hour ago. It was unusual for Spiderman to turn up so late. The vigilante often got side-tracked by crime along the way to the tower, unable to just swing by when someone was in trouble. Usually, he was ten or fifteen minutes late. Not an hour. With a couple of taps on his phone, Tony brought up Spiderman’s tracking details. Tony stared at the screen in front of him, his brows furrowed. Spider-man had been immobile for nearly an hour. When Tony had first recruited Spider-Man, the vigilante had been running around in pyjamas. Tony had given him an upgrade with the stipulation that he have a tracker in the suit as an insurance. And that his AI send regular reports. The Avengers were impressed by what he had been doing were offering him a chance to join them. The vigilante had agreed, rather excitedly, and that had been the beginning of their relationship. At first Tony had kept his distance. He had checked the tracker to see what Spiderman had been doing. The vigilante had spent a lot of time around Queens, helping old ladies with their shopping, stopping thefts, and helping animals out of trees. It was when Spiderman came across alien weapons being sold, did they first start working together. It happened slowly. Spiderman came around the tower once a week to get an update on what the Avengers were up too. Those visits steadily became longer. Tony got to chatting with the vigilante, learning that the kid (and Tony believed that Spiderman was a college kid due to the slang and the youthful energy he gave off) was smart. Those visits soon turned into lab days where Spiderman helped design and build tech for the Avengers. Despite not knowing the kid’s identity, Tony thought he had come to know Spiderman pretty well. And Spiderman spending nearly an hour in an alley way by a dumpster was not usual. Something was wrong. Tony pulled up the vitals on Spiderman’s suit, his heart rate picking up. There were no records of any injuries. Spiderman’s vitals appeared to be fine. His temperature was low but unsurprising with the freezing temperatures outside. Tony frowned as something caught his attention. The heater was on full blast, but Spiderman’s temperature was still low. And it was dropping, fast. “Tony.” Stephen’s deep voice had Tony looking up. “What’s wrong?” Tony searched Stephen’s grey eyes. While Tony was the closest to Spiderman, Stephen was a close second. When Spiderman wasn’t tinkering in Tony’s lab, he was reading Stephen’s medical textbooks and asking questions about his time as a doctor. He was fascinated by the magic Stephen could do and the two often could be found doing yoga together. “Spiderman temperature is dropping.” Tony sprung to his feet. “Tracker says he hasn’t moved in about an hour.” “Injuries?” Stephen demanded, sliding on his sling ring. “None detected,” Tony said. Stephen nodded and with smooth, practice movements he opened a portal. Spark filled the room until the portal opened wide enough for Tony and Stephen to step throug
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Peter Parker Has Issues
Homeless Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Protective Stephen Strange
Stephen Strange is a Good Bro
Stephen Strange Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Oblivious Stephen Strange
Oblivious Tony Stark
Idiots in Love
Mutual Pining
Pining
peter parker is a matchmaker
Slow Burn
Eventual Romance
Peter Parker gets adopted
Work In Progress
Boys In Love
Fluff and Angst
Sensory Overload

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

