Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darwin & Co. was one of the few mutant-only bookstores in town – as in mutant-owned, mutant-staffed, and stocked only with titles authored by mutants, for mutants. It meant the risk of running into Charles was high – unless, of course, Erik went during the times Charles held classes or office hours, and those times were freely available on the Biology and Biophysics department website. Charles was allergic to Friday classes and had seniority enough to get scheduled for blocks on Monday-Wednesday and Tuesday-Thursday, so generally Erik could count on a safe zone that corresponded to his lunch break four days a week.That Erik knew Charles saw Friday classes as an abomination sometimes made him feel as if Charles had carved out space in his cortex, permanently, done something shifty and telepathic to fix himself there forever. However many times Erik told himself you didn't forget someone just because they broke up with you and broke your heart (and never mind you probably did that to yourself, you dumb prick), he couldn't quite convince himself that that was true. On this particular day, Erik found himself surfing aimlessly through the periodicals, half his mind on the time and the project waiting for him back in the labs. The nightmare of a project, in Erik's opinion, for a client he strongly suspected Stark had hired on purpose – not for the money, which Stark Industries did not need, but as part of some revenge scheme. As project lead, Erik fielded all calls, emails, and visits from Emma Frost, who was exacting, condescending, absolutely not intimidated by Erik, and telepathic. All the other things would have pushed his buttons and held them down, but that last… Stark had done that deliberately, and with malice aforethought.Erik resolved not to think about that until his hour – working on two hours now, and he was risking it staying this late – was up.The magazines ran the usual gamut, from celebrity rags to fine art and sports to literary journals, the same assortment found in any human-dominated establishment but by mutant presses and mutant authors. Not fifteen years ago, the selection in front of him wouldn't have been even half what it was now. Absently Erik picked up a copy of Metamorphosis, a short story periodical, and tucked it under his arm, shifted half a step over.That half-step brought him eye to eye with something offensively neon and glossy, plastered with all-caps teasers promising to reveal the TOP 10 SEX TIPS TO DRIVE HIR WILD and the season's favored styles to ACCENTUATE YOUR ADAPTATIONS!!! Christ, Erik thought, rolling his eyes. Weren't they past this? The model, or what Erik could see of her behind the hysterical headlines, was naked and blue-scaled with compelling yellow eyes, and she was probably the only thing not ridiculously backwards and human about the entire publication.He prepared to shift another half-step over to the Current Events section (which would, of course, enrage him) when the teaser positioned by the model's left elbow caught his eye.
DATING WHILE TELEPATHIC: WHY I DON'T DO IT


*   *   *
Even though Armando's mutation meant he could probably survive whatever Erik threw at him, he'd wisely kept his mouth shut while ringing out Erik's purchases. The silence, punctuated only by the beeps of the register and Armando asking if Erik wanted a bag (and of course Erik wanted a fucking bag, he wasn't going to walk around with Modern and Mutant tucked under his goddamn arm), had still been awkward; Erik had tried to look nonchalant even as the odd conviction that Armando was reading his mind grew in that uncomfortable, unreachable place between his shoulder blades. That this was idiotic, that this was exactly the same thing Charles had accused him of in that quietly disappointed voice of his the last time they'd fought, occurred to him, but he couldn't shake the feeling.
Either I'm out of your head or I'm in it, Erik; I can't be both.
He'd called into work and told Frost – in slightly more diplomatic terms – to spend the rest of the afternoon fucking herself, because Erik had things to take care of and about two years of unused personal time banked. Leaving Tony out of the loop had been an act of petty vengeance, and Pepper would tell him about it anyway.The magazine lay in all its hyperbolic ridiculousness next to Erik's elbow. There wasn't much point in putting it off; he'd spent four dollars for what would probably end up being five hundred words of gossipy bitching or a telepath complaining about how the limited conception and prejudice of baseline humans would necessarily inflect their relationship, and anyway, Erik didn't believe in shying from uncomfortable things.Erik, if I can't read your mind, I don't know what's going on unless you tell me. And if you don't want to talk about it, fine, but you need to tell me that.Sighing, Erik flipped the magazine open to page 127. From what he could see, the magazine was about ninety pages of ads, thirt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Past Relationship(s)
Dating
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
idle sociological reflection via Cosmopolitan
Introspection
Telepathy

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

