Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Hey,” said Clint, strolling in and glancing at the screen, “is there popcorn? No-one told me it was movie night.” He ruffled Natasha’s hair on the way past and swung himself onto the sofa.“Jarvis,” said Tony. “You heard the man.”Jarvis sighed, in a barely audible, put-upon way. “Request noted and refused. Sir,” he said.Tony glanced sideways at Natasha, who was frowning intently at the screen. “Pretty impressive for your first major action feature: no, seriously, have you considered a career in the movies? A little slow-motion, get some John Woo going…” he gestured.On the screen, the man in the red and black suit flipped over twice, neatly kicking the gun away from one assailant while ducking a blow from the second.“Amateurs,” said Natasha.“You mean the bad guys, or…?” said Tony.  “Or, wait, are we still on action movie directors? Because I have some thoughts.”“He’s going to get killed, soon,” said Natasha. “He was lucky with Fisk. That empire was unstable before he showed up, it was only a matter of time.”“I hate that fat fucker,” said Tony, absently. “Reminds me of Obadiah. Plus, I heard he’s engaged to one of my exes.”“Did she trade up, or down?” said Clint, thoughtfully. “Fuck off,” said Tony. “I bought every painting in her gallery so that she could get off work early and have dinner with me, and then she dumped me after three weeks. I had to have Pepper found a whole new art museum somewhere. Kansas? Ohio?”He cocked his head slightly and surveyed the continuing exchange of blows.“So you were there,” he said. “Super-strength? Magic mask? Visitor from another dimension slash galaxy? Or are we just talking…” He made an expansive motion towards the other two.“The mask,” said Natasha. She picked up the remote and hit pause, then zoomed in on the screen. “No eye-holes. You can’t see through that fabric, it’s too dense. He upgraded the costume, but it still wouldn’t let him see.”“I love it when feminine insight comes in handy,” said Tony.“I’ve worn similar masks,” said Natasha.“Jesus, that’s profound, your therapist will eat this up - ”“This guy doesn’t use his eyes.” She hit play. “Watch how his head tilts – there, see? He was listening.”“Sweet,” said Clint. He lent forward, studying the screen. The assailants were finally down, but so was the Daredevil, curled round his ribs, blending into the darkness of the alley. He uncurled, painfully, and levered himself slowly off the ground.“Homicidal, phantom of the opera issues, looks hot in a bodysuit, handles his sticks well, great listener…did you ask him for a date after you stopped the video? Because I’m seeing a spark here.”“Tony,” said Natasha. “Shut up. The Russians, in Hell’s Kitchen? And the Japanese and Chinese; he took out significant chunks of their operation. Rumour there has it that he supplied the evidence that brought down Fisk. And as far as anyone knows, he’s acting on his own initiative.”“I’m all about initiative,” said Tony.“Yeah,” said Clint, slowly, watching as the man walked off-screen. It looked as though holding himself straight was costing him some effort. “But some kid knocking around his local patch, getting a bit of press on the slow days – I mean, I’m not saying I wouldn’t like to give him a few tips, but how is this our business? New York must be full of vigilantes, right?”Tony shrugged. “Jarvis?” he said.“Three thousand and twenty-four,” said Jarvis. “Would you like me to break those down into category?”“I asked him to record all the Iron Man wannabes,” said Tony. “I like to keep track of my fans. And your fans, just to be sure that I have more.”“Jarvis, do you have a record of how many of those reach this level of expertise?” asked Natasha.There was a thoughtful pause.“I am not programmed to judge technique with complete accuracy. But I would estimate that excluding present company and known associates thereof, none,” said Jarvis, neutrally.“He’s getting noticed,” said Natasha. “He doesn’t know how to stay under the radar.” “Either the bad guys or – well, the good guys – are going to get hold of him any day now, and that’ll be the last anyone sees of him,” predicted Clint. “Shame. The whole sensing your opponents thing is kind of interesting.”“And the outfit is kind of hot,” said Tony. “I think I might…” he raised an eyebrow at Natasha, “…look into this – situation.”Natasha snorted.“What?” said Tony. “I’m bored, some young thing needs my fatherly advice on the whole superhero game – ““Fatherly?” said Clint, incredulous.“ – Pepper dumped me, I’m all alone, and I finished that thing last week, you know, the thing -”“Six months ago she dumped you, and instead of getting her back you’ve been with a new person every weekend, and yet you’re still playing the ‘poor me’ card – “ said Clint.“Have you ever been to Hell’s Kitchen?” said Natasha, coolly.“Absolutely,” said Tony. Natasha’s lips curled, very slightly. “Or not. Except for this bar I went to one time, does that count? It was on 51st,  52nd – oh, fuck it,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slash
post-Season 1

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Tony Stark

