Work Text:
The water’s not really warm enough to do anything other than slough off the surface mud. It’s been a long day or a long week and apparently SHIELD has a finite supply of hot water. It doesn’t matter, though. Steve is pressed against Bucky’s back and his mouth has found a clean patch of skin, just behind Bucky’s ear and he’s sucking gently. “Could’ve waited for me to get cleaned off,” says Bucky, gasping as the fingers of his right hand scrabble uselessly at the wet tiles on the wall. “Mmm, no,” says Steve, “Couldn’t wait.” Bucky presses against him and drops his left hand down and back to dig into Steve’s hip and pull him closer. It’s only been a week, which is really very little time on the scale of inseparable to decades on ice, but it’s felt long enough. Bucky twists his neck and murmurs kiss me against Steve’s mouth, or maybe he thinks it, but Steve’s a smart man and he understands and now Bucky’s moaning because it’s been a whole fucking week and he was in a holding pattern in a hole in the ground in the Mid-West and he doesn’t know what he did to deserve that and – “Oh my god.” Despite it being late and long after office hours, Bucky really shouldn’t be surprised at the interruption. There’s just enough steam to obscure the glass of the shower door but Bucky would recognise that voice anywhere, low and droll and a little bit biting. “Aren’t you worried your arm’s gonna rust? Seriously, Cap, shouldn’t we be concerned here? I can call Stark. Seriously, my thumb’s on the speed dial right now.”Bucky honest-to-God whimpers when Steve pulls his mouth away, his upper lip a slick drag over Bucky’s lower lip. Steve’s hands drop to Bucky’s hips and he steps back and he never has the lack of grace to look irritated or frustrated. His lips glance over Bucky’s temple and, even though the shape at the door has vanished, Bucky knows that the moment is over.Sometimes, he really hates Clint Barton. .Clint has finished his round of the building; it’s fun to terrorise the interns who think that staying late is going to earn them gold stars and bonus points. It’s fun to tell them that inefficiency is a mortal sin in SHIELD. Most of them don’t think to observe that he’s also in the building after midnight but he has a valid reason: he’s waiting for Phil to finish work so he can drag him home. He strides along the corridor to Phil’s office, whistling as he goes, and he doesn’t expect to hear laughter emerging from the only occupied office on this floor. Clint frowns as he pushes the door open and motherfucking James Barnes is lounging on the couch – Clint’s couch – chatting (laughing) with Phil, who’s leaning back in his office chair, a pen in his hand and a disconcertingly relaxed expression on his face.Clint understands, though. Barnes is some kind of military strategy genius. Clint is used to taking his shots once the target is within his range; he doesn’t like to waste time. Barnes contemplates, though, and has mid- to longterm goals and it freaks Clint out.“Hey,” he says, shooting Barnes an evil glare. “It’s kind of late, huh?”“Sergeant Barnes offered to debrief now,” says Phil and Clint knows that Barnes is just as bad as he is about submitting reports and sitting still, so of course Phil is going to take this opportunity. “While it’s still fresh in his mind.”Barnes has perfected this really innocent expression. Clint’s a little impressed, given that the man is a veteran of World War II, icy plunges, Soviet brainwashing and amputation. He’s probably got more blood on his hands than most SHIELD agents but Barnes remains untarnished. And the fucker is smiling. “I promised Steve I’d make more of an effort,” he says, eyes wide. “And who wants to let Captain America down?”Not Phil Coulson, that’s for sure, and Clint knows it. He clenches one fist and runs his other hand through his hair. Barnes has played the Captain America card before; he’s not above playing dirty.“I’d say you should go on home,” says Phil, too cheerful for a man who’s already been at work for eighteen hours. “We’re only at day four.”Barton nods, his smile grim. Sometimes, he really hates James Barnes..It all starts accidentally, of course. Clint walks in on Barnes and Rogers in the kitchen and Barnes is on the counter, his thighs clamped against Steve’s sides and Clint clears his throat and leans against the doorframe, oh so casually.“You guys know that food is prepared in here, right?”Steve blushes to a deep and fascinating red and he disentangles his fingers from Barnes’ hair and ducks his head and Barnes glares at Clint, crossing his ankles behind Steve’s legs to stop Captain Fucking America from pulling away from debauchery. This is why James Barnes is a bad man; he is corrupting the incorruptible but this is Captain America and, more than that, this is Steve Rogers so he is successful in retreat, and he is magnanimous and he rests his hand briefly on Barnes’ cheek as he shakes his head. Two days later, Barnes somehow taps into a private 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Humour
Weapons-grade cockblocking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

