Chapter 1: First Days Always Suck
    


Summary:

Ozhawk: This premise came about following a conversation with Oricke, a reader of mine on fanfiction.net who’s a big RumSkye fan. She wanted a fic where Skye doesn’t believe she’s Rumlow’s soulmate and he has to convince her into it.The problem was, the point at which I felt they could meet was really early in Season 1 of Agents of SHIELD. And the very fact of their meeting would change EVERYTHING from that point onwards. I loved the idea, but I set it aside as just too big to deal with.Until Lady Winterlight and I were chatting one day and I asked her if she’d be interested in writing a collaborative fic with me. And presented the notes I had on this AU for her inspection.



Notes:
So far, we are 60,000 words and 20 chapters in, and we’ve just about arrived at the beginning events of Season 2. We do plan to cover the whole of Season 2, and Age of Ultron, and more after that, so you can see this is going to be a looooong fic. The intention is to post twice a week at the moment, at least until we know where the story is going to end. Living in drastically separated time zones and dealing with real life issues mean we can’t write every day and we don’t want to commit to a posting schedule we can’t maintain.That said, I don’t think I’ve ever enjoyed writing anything as much as I’ve enjoyed this collaboration. I’m not sure the story could have been written at all (and it wouldn’t have been one tenth as good) without both of us working together, thrashing out the plot points and all the tiny changes that lead to much bigger ones along the road.Winter: One day, Ozhawk and I were chatting about fics and she brought this idea to me, asking if I would be interested in collaborating with her on it. The very concept of changing the details of series, movies, etc is really much too large an undertaking for any one person. I certainly wouldn’t have tried it on my own either. But together… the daunting project began to seem possible.It has been a VERY long time since I wrote collaborative fic, and I hadn’t realized just how much I missed it. I have had (and continue to have) a blast working with Ozhawk on this, and we’ve fallen into a great rhythm of trading ideas and viewpoints, working out the tiny details of what changes would affect other things down the line. I don’t think either of us could have done it alone, but “A man can achieve great things when he realizes he’s part of something bigger.”The events of this chapter occur in the time gaps immediately following the end of Season 1, Episode 1 (Pilot) and Episode 2 (0-8-4).

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 Skye sat in the lab with FitzSimmons as the latter two documented the formula they'd created to temporarily stabilize Mike’s Centipede reaction. She listened to the tech-babble and tried to look interested. Other than Coulson, these two seemed the friendliest of this team and she figured she might as well at least try to interact.Being the new kid in school always sucked.At least she and Simmons had one thing in common; unlike the rest of the team, they each had a soulmark. There'd been a box on the form she'd had to fill in to be employed as a consultant for SHIELD, and Jemma had noticed when Skye ticked it, and immediately remarked that she had a soulmark too. Skye had never met anyone else who had one, let alone who had found their opposite. Hopefully they could at least commiserate over so-called destiny, once Simmons was done with her report.Pulling out her phone, Skye browsed through a couple of message boards while she waited. Nothing Rising Tide related, just a couple of places she liked to lurk about. Sometimes people posted the strange things that happened, and she was curious if anything had popped up about Mike. It was going to be a long flight to Peru.Or - possibly not all that long. How fast was this plane even going, anyway? She shook the thought off. Time enough to investigate that later.“Hey, Skye,” Jemma nudged her arm lightly, and she looked up to see the other girl smiling at her shyly. “We’re done here. You want to come get something to eat? We might as well eat now, we’ll be landing in a couple of hours.”“Sure,” she shrugged amiably and followed Jemma up to the plane’s surprisingly well-equipped kitchen, watched as Jemma efficiently made sandwiches.“Don’t eat too heavy. Don’t want anyone drowsy on the mission,” Agent Ward warned, walking past. Skye suppressed the urge to roll her eyes only because he was staring at her.“Robot,” she muttered to Jemma once he was out of earshot. Jemma giggled.“He is a bit. Here,” she passed over a plate. “So,” she said rather excitedly, “what does the name on your soulmark say? Where is it? Is it somewhere embarrassing? Mine’s on my chest, not too low down, but, well…” she brushed the upper curve of her breast. “I don’t flaunt it, you know. His names is James. Which is nice, don’t you think, James and Je
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Brock Rumlow/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Leo Fitz/Sam Wilson
Antoine Triplett/Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jemma Simmons

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Rumlow redemption
Rumlow porn
Smut
Eventual Smut
Eventual Fluff
Episode Related
Episode tags listed in chapters
Evil Grant Ward
HYDRA serum
Human Experimentation
Super-soldiers
Dubious consent (off-screen)

fandom: 
Brock Rumlow/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Leo Fitz/Sam Wilson
Antoine Triplett/Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jemma Simmons

