Work Text:
TIME OUT NY. Three at the Keller. The Keller Gallery (536 W. 22nd Street) opens a group show featuring sculptures by Mira Solomon and Arnaud Bruen and paintings by Stephen Grant. Solomon's work is wry: the body parts she twists out of wire and scrap metal are full of personality and thrumming with life. A pair of metal legs is caught in the act of running; a hand reaches out in protest, fingers splayed. This forms a strong contrast with Bruen's work, a series of pale-yellow silk cones which hang, almost dripping, from the ceiling, leaving the viewer with a palpable sense of exhaustion. The standout is Grant, working across canvases in a palette of blue, black, and white. The abstract forms are natural, the paint heavily laid on, texturing the surface, almost sculptural, evoking the best work of the early modernists before the influential narcissism of Pollack. If that were it, it would be enough, but Grant's work offers more: the paintings shift before one's eyes to become landscapes, icy tundras and ravines seen from above. Highly recommended. From March 6th.


She was browning out a little as she swerved onto the Prospect Expressway, so she shoved her hand through her hair and yanked it hard, at the roots—nearly hard enough to rip it out. That cleared her head a bit, and it wasn't much... wasn't... much further now. The Prospect dumped her onto Ocean Parkway, and she took her first left and then made a right onto Coney Island Avenue, only realizing that she'd blown through the lights when there was honking and cursing and some asshole giving her the finger, and Natasha flung her arm out the window and gave it right back, shouting out that they should all eat shit and die, only afterwards realizing that the entire exchange had been in Russian. Welcome to Brooklyn.She smashed the mirror off the side of the car as she turned into the garage at Coney Island Design and Construction, but slammed on the brakes before she hit anything else. Steve—because it was Steve under that beard—bent to peer through the passenger window, his eyes widening behind his glasses. Chinese food, she thought; he was holding a white carton in one hand, a pair of chopsticks in the other. His face swam before her eyes, and then she dimly heard the thunderstorm of the garage door rattling down. Her seatbelt clicked open and then she was falling sideways out of the car into Steve's arms."Did you get any spare ribs?" Natasha managed, looking at him upside down."No, but I'll get you some," Steve told her. "If you want them. I'll get you anything you want," and then he was lifting her and carrying her up the rickety wooden staircase to the apartment he shared with Barnes.


"I can't believe they put that shit in the same room with a Van Gogh, is all I'm saying," Bucky said. "In the same building even. It's a fucking travesty," and then, because Steve was looking and not listening: "…You like that.""Yeah," Steve sighed. "I mean, yeah. It just..." He groaned theatrically, shoulders slumping, in front of the Kandinsky; Pastorale, 1911. "It's right on the edge of abstraction, he's inventing it and he doesn't even... I mean those colors, and then you see those women, the flowers, that dog..." Steve flung a hand at the Kandinsky, then laughed and said to Bucky: "Wrap it up, I'll take it. The Kandinsky, one of the early Picassos, and all the Joseph Stella you've got on the shelf. I'll take the lot.""Yeah, because it's not like we have any paintings in the house," Bucky said."Don't you want to look at that all day? I could look at that every day for the rest of my life," and Bucky was about to say that he couldn't imagine wanting to look at the same thing every day for the rest of his life, except actually, he could.


Steve carried her straight through the sitting room (plaid sofa, armchair, ottoman, dining table and chairs) to the bedroom and set her down carefully before dragging the blankets over and around her, bundling her up; Natasha hadn't realized she was shivering. She closed her eyes and nestled her cheek against the sheets; they were flannels, warm and soft and a little musky, and she felt really safe for the first time in ages and let herself relax: drift away, into rest.After a while she opened her eyes; Steve was sitting on the edge of the bed, carefully irrigating the wound in her right arm. He'd cut off her sleeve, and the covers were littered with first aid supplies—dressings, bandages, tape, scissors. She took stock of herself; she could feel her other wounds thrumming underneath pressure bandages even though she couldn't see them; she was now covered from the neck down by a heavy green army blanket. She watched Steve from under her lashes; he hadn't yet noticed she was awake; he was carefully drying her arm and reaching for the liquid stitches.The phone rang. Steve turned, peeling off a pair of rubber gloves before grabbing it."Hey," Steve said, and then: "Okay, I think," and then, "AB. And some broad spectrum antibiot
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sequel
Romance
Drama
and a cat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

