Chapter 1: Peter Parker Makes a Plan
    




Chapter Text
 
There is a ship of the stars, traversing the universe, far from the home on which our heroes reside.
There is a ship of the stars, filled to the brim with families. Refugees of a world torn asunder.
There are brothers upon this ship, brothers ripped away from one another, separated by blood in more sense than one, but they will not be the last brothers to suffer this fate.
They will be far from it.
They will be, at the end of it all, one duo of many in a moment of cosmic despair, but for now they are just brothers.
There is a ship of the stars that continues its path in a floating, listless arc through space, as though unaffected by these brothers and their tragic fates. One to give his life, the other to be forced to continue on living.
There is a ship of the stars and what it carries mostly, what it carries now, is death.
 
***
 
“No, no, no, scroll back, I liked that one!”
“Peter,” May scoffs, laughter at the edges of it as she nudges the laptop in front of them further away from Peter’s reach, “you forget that your aunt used to be a teacher. Your salary is not a mystery to me.”
Peter, already leaning on his forearms at May’s kitchen table, slumps further into the position with a twist of his lips and a work of his jaw. The fact of the matter is that his salary isn’t a mystery to him either, in the same way it’s far from a mystery to Michelle too, the main breadwinner in the house after her most recent documentary got international distribution and put her name on a list of one’s to look out for in the coming awards season.
It’s not a mystery, but it is a bit of a disappointment, Peter wishing that this whole experience could be a little less wrapped up in his financial insecurity and more wrapped up in the romance that should surround it.
But then again, maybe he’s just a hopeless romantic, emphasis at the top of that thing.
“I liked that one, though,” he sighs without actually putting up that much of an argument because he knows the reality of his situation, knew coming into this that his options would be limited.
“You like all of them,” May teases gently, “but do you really think Michelle needs something that— ostentatious?”
Peter takes in a deep breath, lets it out in one gust of a huff as he leans back in his chair and crosses his arms tight over his chest.
“No, I know she doesn’t,” he admits, frustration lingering, “but maybe she deserves the best, and maybe I want to— I dunno— be able to give that to her? Prove that I’m remotely worth all of her patience with me?”
There’s a look that May responds to that with, and Peter can feel it even if his eyes are still trained on the website open in front of them, rows and rows of beautiful rings, glimmering under spotlights and blown up to show the intricate cut of each diamond.
Peter knows his girlfriend and he knows she doesn’t care about this kind of stuff, knows her opinions on the diamond industry to a T, but he wants to do something nice for her. He wants to back up all his promises of taking care of her and coming home (in that order) with something she can carry on her person.
He wants her to know, without a shadow of a doubt, that his love is for her and his faith is for her and that it is all, ultimately, for her.
“Did I ever tell you about how your uncle and I got engaged?” May pulls him out of his spiral, pulls his gaze back to her far more relaxed, somewhat amused expression instead of the overpriced rocks on his laptop.
“Uh— Ben did,” Peter strains his memory backwards to Sunday afternoons sitting on the kitchen floor while his uncle taught him how to regrout tile as he regaled stories of his youth.
Peter remembers those afternoons fondly now in ways he never expected to at the time, too caught up in being thirteen and thinking he had so many more important things to do than hang out with his lame uncle, but what he regrets more than that attitude is the fact that he can only remember bits and pieces of those stories.
That he hadn’t had the foresight to write them all down or log them in the part of his brain that carries the important stuff, the stuff that he never wants to lose so long as he lives.
“Well, then,” May laughs on an exhale as she stands from her chair, starts making her way down the hall without looking back, “you’ve only really heard part of the story anyway. Ben never admitted to the whole thing.”
Peter, no longer thirteen and quite as self-centered as he had been before he had grown up a little bit or taken the time necessary to realize that what his self is actually centered around is the lives of those he loves, doesn’t dare dismiss this insight into May’s past.
He chases after her down the hall, stopping in the doorway of her bedroom as she moves across the room to a set of drawers.
“What did he not admit to?” Peter asks, crossing his arms and leaning against the doorframe. “Oh my God, did you say no?”
May laughs brightly, looking up at him with a love and a humor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Riri Williams & Michelle Jones
Michelle Jones & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Avengers: Infinity War Reimagined
Comic Book Science
BAMF MJ
BAMF Peter
Adult Peter Parker
canon nudged to the left
Found Family
Canon-Typical Violence
everything will probably work out fine this time unless it doesn't hope that helps (:
Powered!MJ

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Riri Williams & Michelle Jones
Michelle Jones & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

