Work Text:
Matt’s fingers keep twitching, curling up against his palms, like he wants to be holding something, like he needs it. He’d be holding the headboard if he could, Foggy’s sure, but Matt can’t with his hands tied like that, suspended between each of the headboard’s rungs, carefully measured out rope reaching out from either side of his wrists meaning he doesn’t have enough give to touch the wood.
Matt’s the one who’d thought of that, talking Foggy through tying each of the knots. Because Matt has clearly thought about this a lot, planned it carefully, made it inescapable for himself.
Hands held over his head, legs spread wide by ropes at his ankles. So all he can do is lie there. 
All he can do is take it.
As for Foggy, he’s not just along for the ride. Anything but.
See, Matt may have been the one who asked for this, he may have been the one figuring out the logistics of making himself helpless, because maybe Foggy might have been a little soft there without guidance. Maybe Foggy might have given Matt a little too much leeway with the rope without those careful instructions. Can’t be blamed, he’s not exactly done anything like this before and, hey, Matt’s this super hardcore fighter so Foggy’s a little lost on what can actually hold him down.
The point is, Matt may have been the one who got the ball rolling. 
But now Foggy’s the one in charge.
He runs a hand up the space over Matt’s thigh again. Not touching, because he’s barely touched him at all since they began. Keeping this thin barrier of air between them at all times, letting Matt feel the breeze of his movements, the buffer of heated air and the hotter skin just out of reach. 
Matt’s head flops to the side, breath stuttering hard like Foggy’s raked fingernails over his flesh instead.
He’s lost track of time, doesn’t know how long they’ve been like this, only knows that Matt’s grown more and more responsive the longer Foggy’s hands have moved just shy of his skin. Matt’s usually pretty intense during sex as it is but this, well, this is something else.
This is helplessness, walls come down and barriers smashed through. Foggy’s never seen Matt look this vulnerable, so caught up in everything he hears and smells and tastes and feels.
It’s fucking hypnotic, watching the way Matt reacts to everything so vividly, to the slide of the sheets beneath him and the movement of the air when Foggy shifts his weight between his knees and the minuscule drop in temperature when either of them holds their breath. Tiniest changes that make Matt shake like he’s being mauled, and a part of Foggy wants to do just that. Fuck going slow, he wants to get his hands on Matt now, but there’s an even bigger part of him wants to play this out.
An even bigger part of him that’s enjoying watching Matt lose his mind.
Matt’s flushed so damn red, under the stubble at his jaw, down the taut tendons of his neck, over the muscles of his chest. Cock flushed darkest of all, heavy and thick as it curves back towards his stomach. Wet at the tip, and Foggy watches as a bead of pre-come forms at the slit, hearing the wrecked little noise Matt makes in the back of his throat. 
Leaning down to exhale lightly over Matt’s balls, not too close but still close enough that Matt wails. Trying to buck up into it, but his body’s stretched out too much for him to get the leverage. 
Matt’s eyes are tracking quickly, over the ceiling, over Foggy’s face, and Foggy isn’t even sure if he’s seeing flames or doing it because it’s one of the few forms of movement he’s freely allowed right now. His eyelashes are clumped together, damp and dark, moisture gathering at the corners of his eyes. 
Foggy’s finger drags over the air above Matt’s cock, careful to keep out of reach as it pulses.
“Foggy.” Whispered through a scratchy throat. “Please, Foggy, I -” He pauses, teeth digging into his bottom lip as it starts to tremble. “Touch me, I can’t -”
“No,” Foggy interrupts, quiet but firm. Sucking in a breath as the bead of pre-come grows fuller, starts to roll over the curved head of Matt’s cock, and the noise Matt makes is inhuman. Shaking desperately as the hot moisture rolls slowly over sensitised skin, and fuck, that was a sob. Foggy’s gaze snaps up to Matt’s face, to the tears trailing down into his hair, teeth still digging crescents into his lip.
God, he looks so beautiful like this.
“No, I won’t touch you,” Foggy murmurs again, and Matt inhales quickly, twice in succession. This was the deal, after all, this is what Matt wanted. “You don’t need it, do you?”
Another wrecked noise, and Matt’s trembling so bad now that Foggy almost starts to worry, but there’s no carefully thought-out safeword on his lips, and Foggy’s already lost again to the sight of Matt’s cock twitching harder still.
“You don’t need me to touch you,” he whispers, and Matt’s whine is so damn distressed it makes his heartbeat trip over itself. There’s more pre-come welling at the slit, almost constant now. “God, can you smell yourself?”
Ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Bondage
BDSM
Community: daredevilkink

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

