Chapter 1: #1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
-----

1.

 
The first Academic Decathlon practice of the school year always has a complete attendance. It took a good 3 hours after school usually because it sets the pace for future practices. All the members, including the competing and (non-competing) junior teams, and teacher supervisors, came to the very first mixed-practice of the year.
 
Michelle Jones, the frightening competing team captain, gave a short speech following Mr. Harrington’s introductory message. Cindy Moon, the deputy-captain, does a roll call, then immediately followed by individual introductions of all members.
 
Peter tries to pay attention to the students introducing themselves but it was just too boring. The boy pouted slightly as he quietly tinkered with a brand new watch Mr. Stark gave him. Peter knew it was equipped with tools and functions that should never be in a watch, but he was excited to wear it.
 
“Peter,” Ned whispered in that totally not subtle whisper tone, attracting several nearby students’ attention. Peter cringed and quickly brought a finger to his lips telling his best friend to lower his volume. 
 
“What?” Peter whispered back. “You coming to my house later? My mom just bought me that new Death Star lego set!” Ned asked, excitedly. 
 
Peter’s eyes widened and a grin easily slipped on his face, replacing the utterly bored look. “Dude! That’s so cool!” Peter commented, giving his best friend a low-five.
 
Peter’s smile faltered. “I can’t though. Nat promised to spar with me today. Happy’s coming by to pick me up after practice’s done,” Peter answered. Ned began to shake in his seat, his face expressing his excitement.
 
Peter’s glare toned Ned’s excitement down. Knowing the coming excited word-vomit Ned was about to spew, Peter looked towards the newest member introducing herself.
 
Paisley? Bailey? — He can’t remember the name. He's sure it ended with a -ley, though.
 
Peter caught Michelle’s eye and the girl narrowed her eyes at him as if knowing exactly that Peter had not been paying attention. The boy blushed and straightened up, turning his attention back to Hayley? Kayley? — The girl’s been talking for over 10 minutes now and Mr. Harrington’s too polite to interrupt.
 
He really doesn’t care. 
 
It took another good ten minutes until it was his turn to begin. Peter stood up, like the others before him, and gave a sheepish grin. “My name is Peter Parker. I’ve been in the Competitive AcaDec team since I was in freshman year. I specialize in Science, particularly physics-engineering, chemistry, and biology.”
 
He gave an awkward shrug when Cindy prompted for more information. “Err… I like to do experiments and building stuff?”
 
Cindy gave Peter an unimpressed look. “More information, Pete! Geez, it’s like you forgot how this thing works every year!” 
 
Peter gave Cindy a bland look in return. “I am an orphan,” he deadpanned. 
 
The room became silent before groans and chuckles emerged from his friends. Abe rung the bell, Mr. Harrington pinched his nose, and Betty groaned. “Fuck you, Parker,” Cindy retaliated, earning a wry smile from Peter.
 
“Language, Cind!” Sally giggled. Flash pointed at Cindy with a pleased smile and said, “Cindy said ‘fuck’!” and a “Are you 10 years old, Eugene?” from Michelle.
 
“Ned, why don’t you give us a fun fact about Peter?” Mr. Harrington asked, ignoring the chaos of his students. 
 
All eyes turned to Ned, and Peter could see what was about to happen from a single twitch of Ned’s left eye. Peter was about to cover Ned’s mouth with his hand when the boy spills. “Peter’s sparring with the Black Widow today!”
 
The room descended into chaos-incarnate. Insults from Flash, excited whispers from Abe, Sally, Betty, and Cindy (those who’ve quietly deducted Peter’s secret identity), Charles snagging the bell and ringing it repeatedly, disbelief from other (new and old) students, and a speechless Mr. Harrington (who knew his Stark Industries internship was real, and the idea Ned shared was not so farfetched after a particularly interesting Parent-Teacher Night).
 
“NED!” Peter groaned, having fallen to the ground dramatically. He glared at the ceiling, wishing Thor’s lightning would just electrocute him already. 
 
Michelle, who knew Peter Parker’s alter-ego, ominously whispered, “this is it. This is the timeline God abandoned.”
 




Notes:

Hi everyone!So, this is my very first MCU-related fan fiction. Hope you like it! The number of words will increase as more chapters are added. I was originally going to post them into one single page but apparently my draft would be deleted in a few days, so this is the next best thing.Please comment your thoughts, I'd love to hear it! Kudos are greatly appreciated. Subscribe if you'd like to read more. I have all the chapters done except for the last two (which are currently half-way done).ladynatblack, xop.s. i don't know how academic decath
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Pepper Potts Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Sick Peter Parker
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Good Friend Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark are Siblings (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Adopted Peter Parker
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Not Spider-Man: No Way Home Compliant
5+1 Things
Precious Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Ned and MJ are basically the MCU's golden trio
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
How Do I Tag
Tony Stark Lives
Intern Peter Parker
acadec
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Natasha Romanov Lives

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

