Work Text:

Tony smoothes his hands down his pants, flattening his hair in the mirror. He looks good. He looks fine. He looks -- very professional. Professional in a casual way. Casual professional.

He tucks his button-down into his pants, twists, and briefly checks his ass. Still there. Sniffs his breath: minty. He's calm. Cool, calm and collected, and there's nothing --

"You ready?" Steve asks, poking his head round the door. "It's a bit of a drive. I packed sandwiches?"

That's cute. Tony thinks that's cute. Who packs sandwiches for a three hour drive? Steve does, apparently. Tony steadies his breath, smiles. "Yeah," he says "yeah that's great. Did you get the, did you get those leaflets she sent you?"

"Got them." Steve says, waving them in his hand. "You can check them out on the drive down. Uh." Steve slides into the room. "Are you okay?"

"Fine." Tony swallows. "Nervous." He admits.

"Well that's, that's normal." Steve says. "That's okay." He pauses. "We don't have to -- "

"I want to." Tony says quickly.

Steve looks at him funny. "I know." He says "I know that you -- you want to. But I mean -- for me? Or because... you're thinking about what I might do if we don't."

"For you." Tony answers quietly, because it's true. "For us."

Steve steps behind him. He folds a lock of hair behind Tony's ears. "You look very handsome." He says, smiling slightly.

Tony tips back his head, lets it rest on Steve's shoulder. He smells like vanilla and cinnamon. "I don't know why I bothered." He mumbles. "Just -- I don't know."

"She says she recommends bringing our own collar and leash. She has ones there, but she said that some subs prefer -- "

"I know." Tony says. "Uh -- just the leather, yeah? Jewelled is a bit much."

Steve hums, drawing the collar from it's case. "One day," he says, smoothing down Tony's shoulders and resting the cool, thick line of it over his throat "one day, I'm going to take you out wearing my collar."

Tony swallows against the leather. "Oh yeah?"

"Yeah. I'll show you off." Steve smiles, clips the collar closed. "Let everyone know you're mine."
 
The travel in silence, mostly.

Tony read the pamphlets the therapist sent through. Trauma: How To Understand What Your Sub Is Feeling and So You Think Your Sub Might Be Shocked?

Tony flips through the covers, skims over the paragraphs. A few catch his eye.


Protracted Shock Syndrome (PSS) is one of the most common ailments for the modern submissive. In fact, it's estimated that up to one in four submissives will suffer with this condition throughout their lifetime! Daily life can prove strenuous, especially to those subs who now support their family through the workplace as well as taking on the traditional roles of homemaker. PSS is not to be confused with Submissive Shock Syndrome, which covers a submissives reaction to trauma. For more, please see page 3. 



PSS should also not be compared to it's dominant equivalent, Depression. Although the symptoms may appear to be the same, treatment is very different depending on a person's sexual orientation and their personal preferences. If you believe you are suffering with Depression, it's important you immediately contact your local health provider for a reference, as this can effect your mood. Remember, it's important to always ensure your submissive is in the most comfortable environment for them! 


Is Steve depressed? Tony doesn't think so. He doesn't seem depressed. His mood doesn't swing, he's still talkative. He's stressed. He needs help dealing. But his problem isn't depression.

Does Tony have PSS? Maybe. He's grown up hearing about it, but he never thought it was something that would affect him. Even after the first party, even after Baine... it never really occurred to him that he might be, you know, one of those subs. Sure, he had Shock after Baine twisted him round and after Buckner passed him around like a bong. And he went into Shock after Baine got him a few months ago, too. But it was never -- it's not protracted -- 

"Tony?" Steve says, eyes on the road. "What's wrong? You're quiet."

"I don't have PSS, do I?"

Steve keeps staring at the road. "I don't know." He says evenly.

"Steve? You don't think I have it, right? You don't think I'm, I'm in Shock?"

Steve clears his throat, rubs his nose. "Well, you know." He says "I was reading up symptoms, and I was thinking. You go under very, very fast Tony. I don't know if you're aware -- "

Tony blinks. "What? That's not a problem! Is it?" Tony swallows. "It's, it's not a problem, right?"

"No." Steve says quickly. "No! But you're -- you see? Not sensitive, that's not the word..."

"What."

"You're the opposite of submissive when you're not under." Steve clarifies. "And that's normal, you know? Some subs aren't obedient, quiet, whatever. That's normal, and healthy, and I love that. I like that we're equals, okay? The thing is... subs like you, with that sort of personality -- "

"Spit it out."

"You're not supposed to go under so qui
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anxiety
Medical Jargon
Therapy
Healthy Relationships
Recovery
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

