Chapter 1





Chapter Text

[11:16] I may have set fire to the science building again

[11:17] On the upside I found out that it hurts a hell of a lot when chemicals get into open wounds LOL
 Peter stared down at his phone, his expression that of disgust. Not only was he being interrupted in the middle of his favorite class, he was being interrupted by someone who obviously was a troublemaker and not one of his friends. The brunette glanced up at his teacher, making sure he had time to type a quick, short reply without getting caught. 
/11:20/ Excuse me? Who is this?

[11:20] Aww Wolvy I thought you said you'd never forget about our nights together :(
  Now Peter knew it was just a wrong number. He opened a message to tell the other that he had no idea who “Wolvy” was, but that it wasn't him- when a new message suddenly popped up. He ignored it for the moment and set out to educate this obvious hethen on the proper way to know what exactly chemicals would do to one's skin. 
[11:21] Oh, shit wrong number

/11:21/ I'm also fairly certain all chemistry classes explain the details of how dangerous chemicals are for both closed skin and open wounds. Just an FYI.

[11:25] Well stranger you didn't take into account that some people don't listen to the yapping flaps of those nerds
  Peter found himself frowning. This person was going to die in a lab accident all because they didn't want to listen to their teacher. How ridiculous. 
/11:30/ Safety is not “crap,” /stranger./

/11:31/ Just leave me alone. I actually want to learn in class, unlike someone who seems to find it enjoyable to set fire to an entire school building.

[11:32] Ooo such a rebel, babe texting during class is a crime y'know

/11:33/ So is setting fire to a building. 

/11:33/ And I'll have you know, my name is not “babe.”
 Peter sighed as he slipped his phone back into his pocket, hoping that would make the person who had mistakenly texted him stop. Whoever that weirdo was, Peter did not have time for them, and even when he felt a buzz come from his pocket, the high school Senior just focused back on his own Chemistry teacher- who was, for the record, not a yapping nerd, as the stranger had so kindly put it.At least his chemistry class was safe from crazies who tried to burn down the building.Peter felt another buzz from his pocket and a frown formed on his lips. Two messages in less than five minutes- who did this person think they were? Peter let out a soft huff in annoyance and ignored the side-eyed look his friend, Gwen, was giving him. He pretended not to notice how her eyebrows shot up when he pulled out his phone, right as another message came through. 
[11:35] Okay okay how about school girl? Is that a good nickname?

[11:37] Okay holy shit there is a flaming spider that just came out of the science building, which is still in flames BTW

[11:39] I know!!! I'll call you Spidey

/11:40/ How about you call me nothing and let me get back to focusing on my own, fire-free Chemistry class, like I should be?

/11:41/ That would be an A+ plan, stranger, considering you /are/ a stranger. I don't know you, and you don't know me.
 Peter stared at the phone, expecting another quick reply. When it didn't come, he moved to slide his phone back into his pocket- only to have his phone vibrate in his hand. The teen unlocked his phone and spared a second to glance at the message. 
[11:45] Maybe I want to get to know the stranger I accidentally texted
 Rolling his eyes at that, he left the message without a reply. The bell rang for class to end, and Peter stood along with his other classmates, stuffing his books into his bag. Maybe if he didn't reply, he could enjoy his lunch without a bother- maybe he could even enjoy the rest of his day with no more of the stranger.However, feeling the phone vibrate in his pocket as he stood in line to get his food, Peter realized that his hopes would probably not be answered.Peter ignored the text until he got his food and had sat down at a table his small group of friends had claimed. M.J. and Harry, the only two present at the moment, were discussing homework from one of the classes they shared, their heads pushed together over a book. The plates the two had gotten were left untouched as Harry pointed to things in the book and quietly explained or questioned them. The brunette smiled softly, feeling more relaxed now that he was with his friends. Strangers be damned, Peter wanted to enjoy his lunch before he went to German class.Peter picked up the slightly unhealthy-looking burger he had gotten, only glancing up when Gwen sat down beside him. She nodded toward their other two friends, and Peter gave a silent motion toward the book. The blond nodded in understanding and went to eating her own food. Lunch seemed to be going well until Peter felt another incoming text. He let out a groan, catching the attention of all three of his friends.He gave a sheepish grin and waved them off as he took out his phone, reading the text
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
school au
Alternate Universe - No Powers
High School and College
Wade is a Junior in College and Peter is a Senior in High School when it starts
Texting
Light Angst
Bullying

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

