Work Text:
Foggy isn’t paying attention when Karen tells Matt about it.Foggy isn’t really paying attention to anything that isn’t his intense game of Candy Crush, and he’s swearing wholeheartedly at the screen when he walks into the next room to find Karen looking mortified and Matt looking confused and both of them staring right at him.“Motherfucking candy fuckers can’t even get it right, I pushed the button! Guys, we have to file a lawsuit against whatever evil masterminds make these shoddy cellphone keys that don’t-” He stops as he looks up and sees his friends’ expressions, pausing the game as an afterthought.“What’d I miss? Did something happen? If New York is getting rained on by freaky-headed aliens again I swear to god-”Karen has her hands over her mouth, her eyes wide and apologetic as she blurts, “Foggy, I am so sorry, I thought he knew!”Foggy has his mouth open to ask what the hell are you talking about when Matt says, “When were you in love with me,” bewildered and surprised and all kinds of confused.At first Foggy thinks this is just a weird dream and pinches himself to prove it. Then he says, “Ow,” kind of absently, and shakes the hand he just pinched.They continue to stare at him like he’s a bomb about to go off, and Foggy clears his throat. “Excuse me?” he manages. His voice doesn’t shake, he’s proud of that, he expected that if this ever came into light then his voice would start breaking like he was fifteen all over again.He meets Karen’s eyes, who squeaks and starts apologizing again. “I just, we were talking and I mentioned it and Matt got all confused and then I got all confused because I thought he knew you didn’t tell me not to tell him I really did think he knew I’m so sorry,” she says in a rush, muffled by her hands.“Right,” Foggy says faintly. Even though he knows it wouldn’t matter, he can’t bring himself to meet Matt’s eyes. “Okay. I. Am going to go- somewhere. Out the door. And onto the street! And then, I’m gonna, well, who even knows, Hell’s Kitchen is a plethora of, of places to go and things to see. You guys know I’ve never been to that place that ties your ankle and then throws you around in the air, always wanted to do that, I’m gonna go do that-”He’s halfway to the door when Matt stops him with a hand on his arm. “Foggy.”“Nope,” Foggy says, shrugging him off. “Nope-”“Foggy-” Matt moves in front of him, blocks the doorway every time Foggy makes a desperate attempt to get past him. It’s futile, he knows, he’s heard everything the man in the black mask- Daredevil, now, in the red suit- has done, and Foggy doesn’t stand a chance.“I swear to god, I will get to the street via jumping out that window if you don’t let me through right now, Murdock,” Foggy says, a laugh in his voice that wasn’t there before.“I’d stop you,” Matt says. He puts a hand on Foggy’s shoulder, drops it when Foggy winces. “I- Foggy, this isn’t a big deal.”The laugh bursts out of him. “Yeah! Yeah, right.” He tries to make another break past him but Matt blocks him easily, giving Foggy a look that clearly says really?Foggy waves towards the door, towards sweet, sweet freedom only three feet away. “Come on!”“You’re freaking out.”“I am not!”“You are. Foggy, you need to calm down, this isn’t a big deal, it was in college, it’s not like you’re still in love with me.”As soon as Foggy says, “Uh-huh,” he knows he’s fucked. His voice cracks in the middle of it so even without Matt’s freaky heartbeat-lie-detector skills he’d be able to tell Foggy is a dirty liar.Foggy wishes for another alien invasion as Matt’s eyes grow wide behind his glasses.“Oh,” Matt says.It’s telling how surprised he is that he lets Foggy go through the door this time. Foggy tries not to let that get to him. - Karen calls him until he picks up.“I’m so sorry, Foggy,” she says, so fast Foggy has to work to sort the words out. “You just, back at the bar, you said it so casually and you guys are so open about everything else-”Foggy laughs at that, remembering Matt bloody and maskless on the couch as Foggy stared down at him.“-so I assumed he’d already know,” she finishes. “I am so, so sorry.”“Ah, it’s fine,” Foggy says. He pauses. “Well, no, it’s not fine, it’s probably the least fine thing to happen in the history of the entire world and every alternate universe, but I won’t hold you to it. After I finish sulking. During which I will resent you to the point of burning. Like, hellfire levels of burning, here. But then I’ll get over it.”“Are you drunk?”“You’re a wonderful secretary, y’know that, Karen? Should put your name on the door next to ours.”“Foggy, where are you?”Foggy lets his head rest on the bar, then regrets it. There are substances sticking to it that he doesn’t want to identify. He lifts his head, starts scrubbing at the place that touched the bar. “I’m on the road to being thoroughly inebriated. That, Karen, is where I am.”“I could come and get you? We don’t have to tell Matt.”“Ugh, he’s probably all concerned, doing that concerned fro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Demisexual Matt Murdock

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

