Chapter 1: Getting comfortable
    


Summary:

You and Natasha go to the bar and you accidentally tell her that you have feelings for her.





Chapter Text
Natasha has been your friend since forever, you have always been close. The avengers sometimes are whispering about your friendship with Natasha. They think you two are dating.It’s very common because they know Natasha is a lesbian but they don’t know that you are lesbian.You haven’t felt comfortable about coming out of the closet yet because of your parents. Your parents are very homophobic and one time you tried to come out of the closet but your mom was to busy paying attention you sister, Clara, she around the same age as you now but when you two were growing up she was the favorite. You don’t really like your sister because she got all the attention and you didn’t.You’re always left out, which is why you’re very close with the avengers because they are like family to you.You’re still not really close with Clara til this day or your parents.Once you were in a good spot you decided that you wanted to come out to the avengers but it didn’t work but that exact day something bad happened and they needed the avengers to the rescue. Today you thought you might come out to them.“So I want to tell you guys something,” you announce while you have Natasha, tony, Clint, and Steve all in a room.“Can you hurry this up I have other things to do.” Clint says impatiently. “Okay, so I’m lesbian.” You say fiddling with you fingers as you just came out to yours friends.“See told you tony, you owe me 30.” Steve shouts as he slightly bangs on the table. “You two had bet on me?” You ask surprised.”Yeah, they had a bet on me too.” Natasha replies. You smile and walk out of the room and Natasha walks out with you. “You wanna go to the bar later, I’ll drive.” Natasha asks you. “Yeah, of course I will.” You reply.“I’m visiting lena next week love, you wanna come with me.” Natasha asks you as you two enter her room. “.yes, I never saw your sister before because you never let me.” You say.“That’s because I don’t trust you around my sister.” Natasha replies. “I feel very offended.” You say sarcastically as you sit on the bed next to Natasha.“What do you want to watch love?” Natasha asks you as she picks up the remote. “We can watch Jane the virgin?” You suggest. “Oo yes.” Natasha says.You and Natasha watch Jane the virgin until 9:00 because that’s the time you two said that you were going to the bar. “You should get a girlfriend while your at the bar.” You joke talking to Natasha. “How about no.” She says.“Umm let’s go y/n/n.” Natasha says impatiently. “Stop rushing me.” You reply. “Okay sorry.” She says defensively. “It’s fine nat I’m ready anyways.” You say while grabbing your things and walking out of the room after Natasha. You walk out, going towards the car and Natasha opens the door for you. “Thank you beautiful.” You say while entering the car. “You’re welcome.” Natasha replies.Natasha gets on the car and you two drive off. You both sit in the car with music on til you get there.Natasha walks over to your side and opens the door for you. “Thank you.” You says. “Welcome.” She says as she grabs your hand and lifts you out of the car. You walk into the club together. The first thing you to is go towards the bartender. You and Natasha go to this bar a lot so you’re close with the bartender, her name was Julie. “The usual?.” She asked you as soon as you sat down and got comfortable.You nod and she passes down you drink. “And for you, Nat.” Julie asks. “What y/n got please.” She says as she seats down next to you. “Okay.” She says as she slides Natasha her drink.After like a couple of minutes Natasha says, “I have to go use the bathroom I’ll be right back.” Natasha says. “Okay Nat,” you say as you take another drink. When Natasha comes back she find you on like you 7th shot, not drunk but she can definitely tell you had a lot to drink.Natasha walks back over to you and sits down next to you. As your about to drink another shot Natasha lightly takes it out of your hand “I think you had enough to drink.” Natasha comments while putting the drink down right in front of her. “Just one more?” You plead “one more but then that’s it y/n.” Natasha agrees while she gives up the drink back.  “Thank you nat.” You say while putting the last of the shot in your mouth.  

you and Natasha stay there for a while. You wanted to dance but Natasha didn’t want to do you went out of dance without her. 

you dance by yourself just dancing until after a few minutes of you dancing Natasha came behind you and grabbed your waist. “It’s getting late hun, we got to go.” Natasha says. 

“can we stop at the store to get some alcohol, please Nat?” You ask Natasha as her hands are still around your waist. “fine, but you not drinking it all tonight.”  Natasha replies as she lets go of you waist. She grabs your hand and takes you to the car.  Natasha opens the door for you and you get in. Natasha enters the dr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
