Work Text:
Erik turns 79.It's the start of August--brutal and sticky in Caracas, where they're currently camped out in one of the Brotherhood's larger compounds. Mystique is the only one present who knows the significance of the date, but when she joins him on the porch, he waves her away absently as he stares out into the trees. The sweat is as cleansing as it is oppressive and he finds himself welcoming the heat, the burn.He's tired. It goes beyond the humidity and the sun and the suffocating warmth. He writes a letter and leaves it for Mystique. He doesn't pack a bag. There's nothing of this life that he wants to bring with him.***It's not hard getting into the school. He thinks it would be for anyone else, but he knows how Charles' mind works and knows that he's always been Charles' weakness. It's even easier to move through the house, to find Charles' bedroom in the dark and sit in the chair by the window as the sky turn grey, then purple, then pink. Charles wakes before the sun and looks right at him."Are you here to kidnap me or because you're lonely?" Charles asks him. "Both," Erik admits.Charles pulls himself up and leans against the headboard. He still sleeps in blue pajamas, but instead of making him look like a child, he looks dignified. He wonders how it's taken him this long to notice that Charles' frumpy wardrobe no longer looks out of place. They really have gotten old. He remembers watching Charles rub the sleep out of his eyes in days long past, remembers that Charles looked like little more than a boy with his unruly hair and too-large pajamas and scrunched up nose. He makes the movement elegant now; he has gravitas even in this."Happy Birthday," Charles says. "I did send a card, though Italy obviously wasn't the correct place to send it.""Venezuela," Erik says. "Venezuela in August," Charles says. "You always were a masochist."There's a softness to his eyes, even now. Whereas Erik has spent fifty years cursing his weakness, wishing he could shake the things that Charles inspires in him, he rather thinks Charles has cultivated his own. Regardless of how many times he and Erik clash on the battlefield, there's always a warmth in his smile when it's just the two of them."I have some land upstate," Erik says. "There's a house there. It's not very large.""Is it accessible?" Charles asks.Erik gives him a flat look. As if he hadn't kept Charles' chair in mind as he laid every plank of wood, as he painted every wall."I'll need to take care of some things," Charles says. "Hank should be able to handle most of it, but I'll need to make some phone calls to make sure he can access all the proper accounts."Erik hums, sardonically amused. "Should I come back at dinner?""You should come here and kiss me," Charles says. "You should give me that ring in your pocket.""I'll give you that ring when I feel like it, and not a moment sooner," Erik says, but he can't ignore the first request and once he has Charles in his arms, it's very hard to let him go long enough to get his affairs in order.***When they were young men, it was always Charles angling to stay in bed, Charles tugging on Erik's arm to pull him back into the covers, Charles pouting until Erik put down his trousers and leaned over for a kiss, Charles wheedling that they had some more time, they could just stay for a few more minutes, just hold each other a few minutes longer. He'd cling to Erik and hang off of him, all sly, pouty smiles until Erik gave in, feeling a sort of childish delight in their shifting relationship, in the hours they spent smiling at each other and touching and talking and taking up residence in each other's hearts and minds.It still has been, to some degree--in their weekend trysts, their stolen afternoons, it's always been Charles following Erik's movements with sad, pleading eyes. It's never enough. He never wants their time together to end.Maybe it doesn't have to, now.He tries not to hope, tries not to dream. He learned not to dream a long time ago, not about this, at least. He spent six months spinning hopes and dreams, imagining the life he'd build with Erik, and not even the paralysis hurt quite as much as watching those dreams turn to ash on a Cuban beach. He tries not to hope that this means what he wants it to mean, that this is the reward they get for so many years of dedication to mutantkind. He tries not to hope that he's going to live out the rest of his days somewhere private and quiet with Erik by his side.He doesn't know that he can let himself believe it, not just yet. If it's a trick or a farce or it somehow doesn't take, he doesn't know that he'll recover.It means he's hesitant to leave, now, no matter how many times Erik promises he's not going anywhere. He glances over his shoulder constantly as he washes and dresses and he pauses at the door, staring. He knows it's foolish to think that this will disappear once he opens the door, but the fear is creeping up anyway and only Erik's hand waving him sleep
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Post-Canon
Future Fic
Domestic
Marriage
Depression
Retirement
Canon Disabled Character
Old mutants in love

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

