Chapter 1: Taunts & Dangerous Situations
    




Chapter Text
The night was dark, and the wind was cold as I waited silently for my next move.I could feel as my anxiety spiked up as I tried to stay still on the top of the building."Don't do anything stupid, kid." I heard my older brother, Tony, warn me from the comm.I scoffed, bouncing slightly on my tiptoes as I stood near the edge of the building. "When have I ever done anything stooh—?" I asked, scoffing again as I got interrupted."A MONTH ago." He interrupted, dryly."LAST week." Nat chirped too."TWO Days ago." Sam added."A few HOURS ago." Steve chirped in too.Assholes. All of them. Funny, they weren't complaining about me and my apparent lack of self-preservation when I saved their skins a few weeks ago."Ok, when have I done anything stupid WITHOUT reason?" I asked, annoyed, trying to hide the hurt I felt.Tears clouded my vision as I stared ahead blankly, ignoring their jibes."Guys, leave her alone already. We have more important business we need to focus on." Clint said as he made his way over to my location.Before he reached where I was, I quickly wiped away all traces of tears from my face, and pulled down my tactical mask."We're right and you know it, Barton. Lately, she's been acting more reckless than before. She doesn't care about getting herself hurt or others around her." Steve stated.More tears fell as I heard his response. I ignored the pain I felt as I stared ahead, working on keeping my breathing as calmly as possible. So not to draw attention to myself."I'm not going to bother changing what you guys think of me. Just remember that this will be the last time I help you guys. I'm getting sick and tired of all of your teasing. I didn't need to help you. Tony asked me to. So, think of THAT next time you guys need help on something like this…" I replied, as I noticed the target was on the move.I took a step to the side, "I'll see you guys later." I said before clicking off the response mechanism and flipping off the roof, smiling as I landed on the balls of my feet stealthily. Clicking off the harness before continuing to walk. All while keeping in the shadows as I quietly moved towards the back entrance I knew was hidden there.Only to realize that the building's exit had more security than expected."Show off." I heard Clint say before he shot an arrow and secured a line before clicking the levers and following me down, landing right next to me. There were more guards than originally anticipated. About six more. Which meant I had to move to plan B."Remember, you're only supposed to neutralize everyone in the building, Little Bee. Not kill them." Clint reminded me quietly.I nodded as I climbed up, to the far side of the building, knowing there is a window there small enough for me to fit through.I landed quietly on the roof. I pulled off the railing on the top window with the small laser on my wrist and threw off the roof."Don't listen to them, B, you'll do fine. I know you will. Barton and I have your back if you need anything." I heard Bucky say encouragingly.For the hundredth time tonight I felt my eyes roll hard into the back of my head, not at him, but at the others.So far only he and Clint had bothered to address me, rather than to speak at me in a condescending way. Ignoring the conversations that were happening around me. I secured the bungee cord onto the wall before securing it on my belt, and threw myself through the opening.After landing I sprayed the liquid Tony provided me earlier today, which revealed the security lasers, before moving through the room slowly, and quietly. The target was slowly making his way down a thin narrow passageway. Reaching up slowly to press my comm."I have eyes on the target…" I whispered."How many guards?" Tony asked."There's a total of sixty something throughout the building, give or take a few. Six in each level, eight by the back entrance, three in the front." I whispered."Barnes?" Tony asked."Yeah, already on it." I heard Bucky reply as we heard him grunt."Rogers, have you and Romanoff gotten to the tech room yet?" I heard my brother ask.I ignored the chit chat before moving through the passageway, I flipped over one of the guards and landed on his back before knocking him out, quickly moving onto the next one. I could hear someone rushing behind me as I made my way towards the target.The man quickly turned sharply pointing the gun in my face, clicking the safety off."Easy. I'm only here to speak to you." I said, calmly. "Right and I'm supposed to believe that when you've assembled a team to come  in here guns ablazing?"  He asked."No one has been killed. They were all just rendered unconscious. There's no reason for you to resort to violence. I can assure you, I only want to speak to you." I replied, taking a cautious step back."Not yet, but they will be…" He replied with a smirk, suddenly moving the gun to my left."Tell your friend that if he comes any closer, I'll blow your brains out." He said."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Forbidden Love
Unplanned Pregnancy
Disapproving Family
Leaving Home

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

