Chapter 1: Alone
    




Chapter Text
Bucky enjoys peace and quiet, living his life by following the rhythm of each day. It is one of the reasons he only leaves his house in the forest when he has to. He is happy here and since the cat showed up in his garden a few months ago, Bruce’s - the nearest town’s physician and closest thing to a friend Bucky has when animals are not counting - argument that he is lonely doesn’t hold up. The cat, whose name is still unknown to him, brings him presents in exchange for food and cuddles and makes sure he leaves his bed in the mornings. She accompanies him almost everywhere he goes, if she has not more important things to do. Bucky likes having her around. She fits into the life he built here seamlessly.Today promises to become like any other day. He wakes up from the sunlight and gets nudged by a hungry cat until he gets up and makes food for them both. Technically only for himself, but the cat gets pieces of his breakfast. She doesn’t need him to feed her, she can hunt well enough for herself, but Bucky finds it hard to resist her big blue eyes and he really enjoys the feeling of her eating out of his hand.With his food and a cup of tea, Bucky goes into the garden. When the weather is nice, like it is today, he enjoys sitting on the steps leading down into the orchard. The sweet smell of rotting apples, dew wet grass, and the sounds of countless birds hang in the air. It is calming. Peaceful. A perfect morning. Until the wind changes.The wind carries a whole new set of scents with it, pine-trees, earth, and … honey. No, not quite honey, it’s sweeter and spicier all at once and it’s calling.“Oh, fuck”, Bucky mutters, as he feels his body react to the smell of an omega in heat. It’s been years since the last time he smelled a scent like that, which is not surprising considering he lives in the middle of nowhere and makes sure to put on tinctures which mute his sense of smell whenever he has to go anywhere where he might run into people. Of course that leaves the question of what an omega in heat is doing in the middle of a primeval forest, but maybe he - it is a he, going by the undertones of the scent - just wanted to take a shortcut from the town north of the forest to the road on the other side. That’s how almost all of Bucky’s unexpected social encounters happen. People have a map and choose to ignore the road, never once considering that there is a reason why the road leads around that particular part of the forest, leaving Bucky to stumble upon them after they have been lost for days in the dark green maze if they didn’t fall into one of the many caves and just disappeared. They serve as a perfect reminder of why he enjoys living by himself in the forest.The scent of the omega in heat still is woven in the air. He smells really nice. On that note, Bucky forces himself to stop sniffing the wind and takes his breakfast back inside, where he closes the door behind him. He is not going to chase down a omega in heat, especially not one who he thinks smells great. The omega surly wouldn’t appreciate an alpha coming after him. Going by the direction and strength of the wind, the omega can’t be far off the road, so the chances are good that he might find his way out of the forest without Bucky’s guidance. He has put up signs in the path most commonly used by those who look for a short cut after the last time he found one half-dead merchant. It has reduced the number of idiots Bucky found after they got lost, maybe the omega is able to follow them too.Just to make sure his alpha hindbrain won’t do anything stupid, Bucky busies himself for the rest of the day working on scented oils in his kitchen. The intense smells of lavender, roses, and mint, thankfully drown out any trace of honey in the air. They also make the cat abandon him after her second sneezing fit. The sun is already disappearing behind the trees, when Bucky seals the last vial. He needs some fresh air and to air out his house before he can sleep there tonight. After spending the day in a cloud of scent designed to block pheromones, it takes him a while to register the omega’s scent again. The wind has not changed since the morning, still carrying the scent into Bucky’s garden, but the scent itself has shifted into something closer to burned caramel.
Bucky’s knowledge of heats is mostly theoretical, because rarely anyone would be crazy enough to let an alpha near an omega in heat, even if it's the healer they go to for everything else. But he knows that that smell is a bad sign. Something is wrong with the omega and Bucky is probably the only person except for the omega himself who knows.He sighs deeply. Then he goes back into his kitchen, grabs a lantern, a scarf and one of the vials he just finished filling, and trudges into the forest, following the scent of burned caramel.The closer he gets to the source, the more he has to fight his instincts, which want him to run to the omega, scent him, take care of hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Alpine & James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alternate Universe - Medieval
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Poisoning
Mutual Pining
Masturbation
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Canon-Typical Violence
mentions of past memory loss
Minor Character Death (Mentioned)
mentions of HYDRA

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Alpine & James "Bucky" Barnes

