Work Text:
The thing that S.H.I.E.L.D so often forgets, Loki thinks, is that it operates on the consent of others.  If Thor refused to fight with them, there would be little they would be able to do reign in a god.  They are only able to operate because powerful individuals lend themselves to S.H.I.E.D’s cause.  Without that acquiescence, they cease to be.  
And the point of the matter is that Tony Stark never woke up and decided to make a stand for justice.  He never wanted to simply make the world a better place (and Loki knows this better than perhaps anyone else, maybe even better than Stark himself.)  He’s not Captain America.
Iron Man came into being because an obstacle was in Tony’s way and Tony needed to survive.  And that’s simply how Iron Man has continued to survive.  There is an obstacle, and Tony takes a stance against it. And for a time, that stance was with S.H.I.E.L.D.  But that doesn’t necessarily mean that Tony stood for the things that S.H.I.E.L.D wanted him to stand for.
Which is why Loki is perhaps all the more baffled that Fury and all his little cohorts have decided to lock Tony up.  They plan to write him off — which is something that has always failed spectacularly in the past.  They think they can extinguish Tony and fake something on the public scene just because they have the Iron Man suit.  They think they can write Loki into a bigger villain than he is — a cause for concern because it appears as if he was the one that destroyed Iron Man.  
But as Tony has always said, he is Iron Man, and Loki has no plans to let go of either any time soon.  
In the same matter that S.H.I.E.L.D forgets what it is they control, they forget what he is.  They forget that he is a god too.  They forget about all the ranges of powers he has that they have never experienced firsthand.   
And he lets his magic crawl into their prison before he ever steps foot there.  It races through the walls, embeds itself in the ground.  It traces a path to Tony that is all too easy to follow; he can feel the hum of the reactor in Tony’s chest.  He can feel the worry that quietly seeps underneath Tony’s skin, an emotion that is usually so foreign to the man.  
Loki walks down the halls as if he owns the entire building — the entire planet.  He makes it past the outer doors, past places where he needs security clearance.  He brushes by the guards that have been set up, until he comes to the room that Tony has been confined to.  He wonders what part of Fury thought that this would work. 
When he lets himself take up space and air once again, he is standing in front of Tony.  And despite everything, even Tony looks up in surprise.  It brings a smile tugging at the corners of Loki’s mouth, the motion sharp.  He lets one of his hands slide across Tony’s cheek.  There is more grey in his hair than Loki remembers, and the stubble upon his face has gone from charmingly carefree to messy.  
His eyes dart momentarily to the side, and then he pushes himself off the bench and closes the distance between the two of them.  Their chests bump together, because Loki refuses to take a step back.  He considers tangling their legs together.  He considers pushing Tony back down on the bench.  He could take him here, he thinks.  He knows that there must be someone watching, some kind of camera recording every image.  And Loki is in mood to hide himself.  He thinks he might give them tangible proof of Tony’s supposed treachery.  
“Time to go?” Tony drawls, and he sounds more like himself.  He can see the color flushing Tony’s face again, and it makes Loki feel all the more predatory.  
Before he can even answer, Tony leans in and claims his mouth.  There’s too much teeth in the kiss, but that’s exactly what it should be.  They match each other, Loki parting his lips for Tony’s tongue, before almost instantly biting at the end of it.  He tastes blood and that makes it all the better.  He lets his hands roam over Tony’s shoulders, the tips of his fingers deftly tracing the metal of Tony’s reactor through the thin fabric of his shirt.
He doesn’t know how anyone found out about them, and neither does he care.  He’s always understood that Tony is his, that he fits more readily by his side than Thor’s.
“Time to go,” Loki confirms, looking down at Tony’s mouth as he answers. He starts to pull back, figuring that Tony will follow.  
“My suit,” Tony says, hesitating for the first time.  
Loki smiles again.
“You never do listen to Thor, do you,” he says simply.  “Technology and magic are the same in Asgard.  And I’m a master of magic.”  He holds his hand out to Tony, his long fingers hanging in the air, preparing to cast a spell.  Tony nods, as if reassuring himself, and steps after him.  
It’s easy enough to get them back out of the facility.  He cloaks them with the same spell he walked in under, and within seconds, they’re outside.  But before they reach the gates, they’re stopped.  Loki is not surprised.  A part of Loki suspects that this was alw
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Betrayal
Alternate Universe - Dark
Community: norsekink
World Domination

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

