Work Text:

1.
 The first time Loki disappears, no-one sees him go. They wake up the next morning and he is just gone.For Thor, life becomes a haze of sensation, red and bitter. There is pain there, somewhere – but it is overtaken by the need to crush, to choke, to maim and kill and destroy. A storm so unleashed cannot be contained, even with his friends screaming at him to stop. Their screams do not matter. They are at the eye. They will not be hurt.And if Loki is already hurt, out of sight and out of reach, Thor will make those who stole him away hurt and hurt and hurt forever and always until Loki is returned to him.It is a mistake, of course. Three days into their captivity, they still do not know what it is that their captors want of them. Even the circumstances of their capture had been peculiar. It had not quite been a trap; to Thor’s mind, there is no way they could have known where they would be and when on this impulsive excursion to Vanaheimr. Yet it all happened so quick and so perfect it is hard to believe otherwise.However it happened they are here now in this dark place where Volstagg’s wounds, sustained during the fierce yet brief skirmish in which they were taken, fester. The peculiar smooth not-stone walls dampen all magics, and Mjölnir remains where it had fallen at the ambush point. Thor knows that. As he fights now he can feel the distant thrum of thunder and storm in his fingers, but his hammer will not come to him even as he thinks of his brother and all who will perish for his suffering.Loki’s own frustrations had grown by the moment, whenever he hunched over Volstagg with fingers clenching and unclenching as he tried to work his magics. Healing spells have never been his forte, but here they are nothing he can control at all. And now he is gone, with or without his sorcery, and suddenly the threat over them does not matter and Thor fights again, fights for the first time since the first day when they had broken Volstagg’s other leg to force the thunder to contain itself, leaving the lightning to spark impotently as if caught in a brooding bitter bottle.This time, on this the fourth day of their ordeal, they do not break any of his bones – nor do they break those of anyone else. Thor does not know what that means for him, for any of them. They simply bind him in fetters, head ringing from the final blow of a gauntleted forearm.“Return him,” he croaks all the same. “Return him, or I will kill you all.”They laugh. The god of thunder is brought low, in this place, and they do not fear him. But still, as Sif finishes tying the last clumsy knot of his makeshift bandage with her swollen sprained fingers, they give Loki back.At first, Thor does not see him, aching head held low both in pain and in shame. Then there is a narrow dark figure on his knees, pale fingers on his arm. “Brother, what foolishness is this?” comes the soft voice, despair and frustration mixed tight with deep resignation. “Can I not trust you to behave for even half a day without my constant supervision?”Thor’s hair hangs in his eyes when his head jerks up, filthy with blood and sweat, but still he sees Loki as clearly as he would the sun. “I thought…you…Loki, you were gone.”“And now I am returned.” Something odd moves behind those green eyes, but it is too dark in their dank cell to make anything of it before he turns away. “I have something for you, Volstagg.”It proves to be medicine, a balm to soothe the wounds of capture and confinement. Thor can only watch, bound at wrist and ankle and knee, as his brother’s clever hands work magic with the mundane rather than the extraordinary.It is two days before they remove his fetters, two days before he can enclose his brother’s slim form in his bruised and bleeding arms and truly understand that he had not been lost to them after all.But then Loki disappears twice more, and Thor begins to wonder if he has slipped away out of his reach even after he managed to catch hold that one last time. 
2.
 With the passing of eight days Volstagg’s wounds take a turn for the worse. Hogun, never much prone to words, becomes even more reticent. Fandral’s quick wit has all but dried up, though he tries to pretend otherwise. Yet when he speaks lightly of home the heaviness behind his eyes makes Thor wish he’d just shut up and let despair pull him under until he drowns of it.Sif exists in a constant state of uneasy defiance. The eyes of their armoured captors rest upon her in languid curiosity, which she can challenge only with silence. She would give them a fight should they go further, Thor knows. They all would, and damn the consequences. But they never do. They are never required to.“So what do they want of us?”The question has been asked a thousand times. Yet even as their words of optimism and bolstering faith fade like paintings overexposed to the sun and starlight, these words remain as stark as the first time they were spoken.They are still unanswered now. And the blade of that cuts d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Community: norsekink
Pseudo-Incest
Violence
general insanity on part of the author
blood sex magic

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

