Chapter 1: December 1944
    




Chapter Text
  
"That was a difficult winter. A blizzard had trapped half our battalion behind the German line. Steve...Captain Rogers, he fought his way through a HYDRA blockade that had pinned our allies down for months. He saved over a thousand men, including the man who would...who would become my husband as it turned out. Even after he died, Steve was still changing my life."
―Peggy Carter (1953)







 The snow held secrets. He was sure of it. He took a couple of steps closer to the bridge and peered along its side as the remnant of his platoon fanned out along the banks. A small group was standing a few paces behind them, some of them watching the banks, some of them scouting the sides of the road, some of them consulting a map and a radio. And behind them, the first men in a weary train of a thousand were taking a moment's anxious rest as the others began to catch up.He carefully advanced down the side of the bridge, step by step, watching for the hollow or the out-of-place bulge in the snow that could signify a booby trap. Once he'd reached the bottom of the bank, he pulled out his flashlight and started to inspect the footing of the bridge… then, walking across the ice, the middle… then the footing on the far side.He wasn't quite satisfied, but he didn't see anything. On his way back across the ice, he looked around; the other men were on their way back as well. They climbed back up the bank. As he approached the group, one of the map-readers – the guy with the red beret – looked up.“Bridge is in good shape,” Sousa reported. “No booby traps, explosives, or trolls. Banks look clear, too.”The guy in the beret nodded. “Very good. Thank you, Lieutenant….” He pronounced it Leff-tenant, with a polite lift to his voice.“Sousa. Daniel Sousa, 339th.”“Falsworth. I suppose you could say I'm on a long-term detail.” They shook hands.“We'll keep going this way, then,” said Falsworth. “The Americans are making cracking good time, so we should be able to meet them soon and get this lot —” he nodded towards the column – “sorted out. Although I suspect the final sorting will wait until the Germans are in retreat again.”Sousa looked over at a couple of his men and nodded. They started cautiously across the bridge. “What about Hydra?” he asked.“We'll just have to take them as we find them.” Falsworth's voice was confident, free of bravado.At any other time, Sousa would have liked very much to learn more about how someone could come to speak so casually about Hydra. A Hydra blockade had been pinning down the Allies in the area for months, giving the Germans the opportunity to launch a surprise counterattack and push the Allies back. Sousa and his men had been separated from the rest of their unit, and the other men in the column had all been in the same pickle: cut off from their own units by the German offensive and the appalling weather, trapped for days in the cold and snow with only what they'd had on their backs. They'd all been able to join up with a larger outfit in the same situation, Allied soldiers under the command of the SSR. But there was no escape, no aid for any of them; any way out meant taking on the German line or the Hydra blockade.Until last night. They'd seen flashes of light and heard the sounds of battle coming from the direction of the blockade. After the big flash and blast – big enough to shake the tops of the trees – the battle had fallen silent, and they'd prepared for the worst. But no German or Hydra soldiers came their way. Instead, Captain America himself and his team had shown up, with a little food, some ammunition, a current map, a couple of trucks – and a way out. They'd broken the blockade.They'd loaded the most seriously wounded onto the trucks and had left again, the Captain and most of his team riding with the convoy, a couple staying behind to lead the march. Sousa had caught a glimpse of the famous shield last night; this morning was the first time he'd actually met any of them. He had no idea how they'd broken the blockade, but at the moment his curiosity was drowned out by his cold, fatigue, and hunger – and by a vague sense of apprehension.He stared across the bridge.“Something wrong, Lieutenant?” Falsworth asked.“I don't know.… The trucks didn't go this way, did they?”“No, they didn't. They swung further north – the route is longer, but they knew the roads were passable.”“We're just going to scout ahead a little, then.”“Right. We'll be following presently.”Sousa crossed the bridge and cautiously walked on, looking for clues as to who – if anyone – had been there before them. The trees didn't look like they'd been scraped up by tanks, even if any could have passed through the narrow lane; the snow looked clean and even…He looked ahead to one of his men - “Clark!” he shouted, even as the thought formed: something's wrong -  Private Clark stopped in his tracks and waited as Sousa caught up with him. A few minutes of searching and Sousa finall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
implicit Peggy Carter/ Daniel Sousa

freeform: 
War
soldiers use bad words sometimes
violence but not terribly graphic
eventual hints of Peggy Carter/ Daniel Sousa
Medical stuff
Canon Disabled Character
Agent Carter (TV) Compliant

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
implicit Peggy Carter/ Daniel Sousa

