Work Text:
'Oh, shit!' Tony thought, as he fell out of the sky, possibly for the last time. The suit was dead in the air and Ironman was not too far behind it. Everything was fading out, the sight of the explosion. He seemed to be falling forever. 'I'm not gonna make it.' He thought, vaguely as his senses began to complete shut down. The last thought Tony Stark had before his world turned completely black, was; 'And I never even got to have fun proving Bruce wrong about the Other Guy. Dammit...'When Tony shot awake an undetermined amount of time later, it was to the sound of a very loud, very persistent and very familiar sounding roar. He groaned, cracked his eyes open and looked in the direction of the sound. Sure enough, the Hulk was there, leaning over him, a smug look on his large face as he gazed down at him. Tony blinked his eyes into better focus and swore, just for a second, that the giant green monster actually looked a little relieved. 'Maybe I was right about him after all.'Tony groaned again and pushed himself into a sitting position. Looking around, he noticed they were alone and, definitely somewhere on the outskirts of the city. There was no sign of the other Avengers and, he could only assume they'd won and Loki was safely in Thor's custody.'I wonder why the Big Guy brought me all the way out here?' Tony examined his suit and noted that his armour was dented and scratched beyond repair, not to mention the joints in his knee plates had seized. 'Shit.' That meant he'd have to take the suit off manually but, that soon proved to be a bit of a problem when the seized and dented plates wouldn't move in the slightest when he tried to pull it off. Tony growled in irritation, then turned to the Hulk next to him. "Hey, Big Guy, care to give me a bit of a hand here? I'm stuck."Hulk snorted, but leaned over and pried the armour apart as if it were nothing, stripping it away from his body with little grace and tossing the now useless plates aside as he went."Thanks-" Tony started, but was cut off when the Hulk picked him bodily from the ground and held him at eye level, growling lowly at him, then said; "Metal-Man Stupid!""Huh?""Metal-Man fall! Ground smash Tony to pieces!" He emphasized this with a slight shake. Tony was surprised to hear a note of slight panic in the giant's deep voice. He was also a little surprised he'd used his actual name."Aw, were you worried about me big fella?"Hulk huffed loudly and half nodded, proclaiming with what could only be pride; "Hulk catch."'Ah, so that's why I'm not splattered all over the pavement somewhere...' "Yeah, thanks big guy. I'll try not to fall outta the sky again any time soon, alright?" He grinned despite the fact that he was being held rather firmly above the ground by a guy that could crush him as if he were a bug. Surprisingly, Tony wasn't worried. He figured if the Huk had wanted to kill him, he would've just let him hit the ground when he fell instead of rescuing him. Hulk snorted again and pulled Tony into his massive arm, holding him flush against his muscled chest, as if to prevent him from doing anything stupid again. That was when Tony suddenly noticed an absence of clothes. He supposed they'd been shredded when Hulk had torn him out of the remains of the mangled armor.No sooner had he thought it, than he realised just how warm and firm the chest he was pressed against was and, he could feel the strong, corded muscles flexing and rolling under hot green skin as the Hulk drew in large, huffing breaths. Tony was suddenly reminded of his earlier comment to Bruce about the Other Guy saving his life and, how he might enjoy finding out what for. He was beginning to think he might just enjoy that a whole lot more, the way things were going.'Uh oh, Tony, don't go there... Really shouldn't go there...' The self-chastisement was too late though, as Tony felt his Dick stir in reaction to his curious thoughts. 'Hmm... I could so tap that, call it a science experiment... Maybe then Bruce will stop freaking out so much about the Other Guy comin' out?'Tony wondered, briefly if the Hulk had even noticed his steadily growing arousal and then figured he must have, what with having heightened senses and all, not to mention the fact that Tony was practically crushed against the much larger body, buck-ass naked. Also now that he thought about it, in a rather prone position."So, just outta curiosity, not that I'm not grateful and all, cause I am. Why exactly did you save my genius-ass from a very short, not so welcome meet-and-greet with the pavement?""Hulk like tiny Metal-Man.""Simple and straight to the point. Also, why? Again, curiosity, not that I don't think I'm a perfectly likable guy and all just, y'know, you don't really seem to like anyone else which, I totally get, by the way, not fond of people myself but, y'know...""Not afraid. Tony like Hulk?" It was a statement and a question in one. Tony nodded and said; "Yeah. I like you big fella."He got a rumbling gr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hulk/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hulk!Porn!Guys!
Hulk Sex
Protective Hulk
Perceptive Tony
Tony Being Tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony is the Hulk Whisperer
Bruce Feels
Tony Feels
Hulk Feels
But theyre mostly fluffy feels...
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Fluff
Hulk Cuddles
Tony Is a Good Bro
Tony has a size kink...
Rough Sex
Kinda
Top Bruce
Bottom Tony
Top Hulk (Duh!)
Clint is amussed...
Bruce is secretly the master of sass
Tony is all of the sass
Sass
so much sass...!
Banter
All of the sassy Banter...
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Bruce Banner is a tease...
Light Bondage
like very light bondage...
Do not copy to another site!

fandom: 
Hulk/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

