Chapter 1





Chapter Text
                                                         This is the story of one of many known as “the enhanced." Like Steve Rogers, a human experiment; but one whose abilities were totally unforeseen by SHIELD.         Her name... is Angelique.        Angelique is the granddaughter of Peggy Carter's friend, Angie Martinelli. Angie's daughter, Ann, a recent widow, volunteered for an experimental program at SHIELD, unaware that she was pregnant. She went through the treatments with no apparent results.         The baby absorbed everything.        Born blind, but otherwise seemingly normal, Angelique's gift of healing by touch was discovered as a toddler.         Ann often suffered from migraines as an after-effect of the experiment. One evening, little Angelique toddled over to the couch where her mother was lying and began to stroke Ann's hair.         The pain subsided immediately. As soon as the shock wore off, Ann called SHIELD, and the pair were placed in protective custody. Not long after, Ann married Phil Coulson, and Phil adopted Angelique.         The musical aspect of Angelique's gift showed itself one afternoon about a year later. Phil had come home greatly distressed in heart and mind after a particularly bad day at work. He flopped into his armchair, and Angelique climbed up into his lap. As he cuddled her, she began to sing a sweet little melody. His mind cleared, and his heart felt lighter than it had in a long time.           He leaped up, tossing the delighted child in the air as they laughed joyfully together.          People wondered how Phil could always remain so calm and cool, even under intense pressure. They never knew about Angelique~ his little healing Angel.          The love between father and daughter grew stronger every day. And soon, they would need all the strength they had, for Ann died without warning when Angelique was only eight.            The years passed; but not as sadly as one might think, for Angelique's songs came from her as naturally and constantly as the sunrise.           As she grew older, Phil Coulson told his Angel all about the Avengers, knowing her compassionate heart could be trusted. She loved his stories, and the ones about the gentle, sorrowful scientist and the raging "other guy" especially touched her. Angelique was always asking about him, and Phil was more than willing to tell her all he knew.            The thought occurred to him (though he kept it to himself) that his Angel could do so much good for Dr. Banner. But how to bring them together, unobtrusively, he didn't know. No one, Nick Fury excepted, even knew about her.           One morning, Angelique awoke with a terrible fear in her heart. As Phil was leaving for work, she begged him, "Be careful, Papa. Something is terribly wrong."           She wrapped her arms around his neck and held him close for a long time.            Trusting her gift, Phil believed her. He pulled her close, holding her tightly as he stroked her hair and attempted to comfort her. At last, Phil gently put her aside, kissing her trembling lips and brushing the tears from her face.           "I'll see you tonight, my Angel," were his last words to her as he walked out the door.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
