Chapter 1: Summary (Not A Chapter)
    




Chapter Text

Hi guys, as you can see this a pokemon x Multiple Crossover Story. And I (if you haven't realised yet) am a huge Ash Ketchum Fan (with Robb Stark being my second favorite fictional character).

This story is about Ash travelling through the multiverse, meeting different people, making friends and helping them (As well as meeting different girls).

So without further ado, let's jump into the plot of the story and about it's main character Ash Ketchum, who will be a very different person than in the anime (It's a fanfiction duh!).


 So the main plot is that Ash Ketchum is the Immortal Son Of Arceus. He is a Demi-God. Not a ful God, but not a mortal too.He isn't a Pokemon or half Pokemon, he can't turn into one as well. What he is that, he is "Human" with Pokemon powers. He can use Pokemon moves, but he cannot turn himself into a Pokemon.His appearance is that of a 18 year old teenager, but he will be much older than that. (Think of him like Twilight Vampires, where they stopped ageing after reaching a point).Now while Ash will sometimes be goofy and Kind like his anime personality, he will be cold and ruthless towards his enemies. He will not hesitate to kill those who harm others.Ash will also be sometimes sad and lonely. I mean he is immortal, while his friends are mortal. He has watched them slowly age and die. He has watched his Pokemon age and die. He has watched his wives and children (yes wives, he has multiple wives it will be explained later) die out of old age too, as they haven't received the gift of Immortality.POWERS:- Now the most important plot of this story. I don't know how many people have noticed it or not. But people of Pokemon Earth are blatantly Superhumans. I mean Ash took a full powered thunderbolt and Iron Tail from a possessed Pikachu (therefore not holding back) and he was fine. For instance Thunderbolt from a full powered Pikachu has shown to vaporise a small Island ( Pokemon Advanced Journey Sharkpedo episode).And similarly Team Rocket we're also blasted into space and they are still fine. So it reveals a single conclusion.Poke-Earth humans are Superhumans. With Aura Guardians and Pyschic being Super-Super-Super Humans. And Ash is a literal Demi-God.
(I can just Imagine how horrified and scared Ash will be when he finds out that the normal humans from other Universes are so fragile compared to his own, especially humans from Game Of Thrones Universe)
PLOT:- So the main Plot is that Ash is bored as he has nothing to fight for, so he will ask his father, who is the God Of Pokemon Universe, Arceus, to do something about it.So Arceus, with the help of his Creation Trio Sons (Dialga, Palkia and Giratina) will make Ash a Magical Stone, that will help him in hopping different different Dimensions, and travel and help the people living there.So far I have decided to write about eight Universes. And this are:-RWBY 
Harry Potter.
The Boys.
Game of Thrones.
Attack on Titan.
Warhammer 40.000 .
Transformers (Bay Movies).
My Hero Academia The Boys.
Marvel Cinematic Universe.If you are interested you can recommend me other Universes, but until then this eight will be the focus.
So that's it about the story idea. If you readers like it, only then I will continue this story. Because as you know reviews are food for a writers soul.
Until then you can check my other stories. Adios!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Satoshi | Ash Ketchum/Harem

freeform: 
Satoshi | Ash Ketchum Has Aura Powers
BAMF Satoshi | Ash Ketchum
Immortal Ash Ketchum
Ash Ketchum Is A Demigod
Ash Ketchum Is Son Of Arceus
Poke-Earth Humans Are Super-Humans
Ash Ketchum Is A Ladies Man
Ash Ketchum Travells Trough The Multiverse

fandom: 
Satoshi | Ash Ketchum/Harem

