Chapter 1: In The Beginning
    


Summary:

A gift for Loki from the Norns.





Chapter Text
Long ago on the icy world of Jotunheim, there lived a savage Frost Giant Skrymir. Filled with jealousy and malice, he attempted to kill King Laufey and seize the throne. When his attempt failed, he fled Utgard through a secret portal to Asgard, hoping to attain the proper means of escape from his death sentence for his crimes against the Jotun King.           Skrymir, being a shapeshifter, was able to mingle with the Asgardians in search of hidden portals. It happened one day that the cruel Frost Giant laid eyes upon a fair maiden of Asgard, daughter of Bard of the Einherjar.  Astri was beautiful with large ocean blue eyes and long, thick golden hair. She was of a gentle, sweet nature, fiercely guarded by her father. As it was, Skrymir escaped Asgard with the fair maiden only to be hunted by the Frost Giants and the Aesir.Skrymer took Astri to Midgard where they hid for centuries in Norway. He led the Vikings in raids and battles to accumulate great wealth. Astri, her heart broken having been put to shame, remained in Norway. However, she never lost her sweet nature even though she longed for her home.Centuries passed, and it happened that Skrymir was on a long journey when Astri found herself with child. Her cruel husband had warned her that if a child was ever born, he would destroy it. So Astri hid her condition from the village and gave birth alone in a cave. A daughter. Astri named her Tajana, meaning "secret".Tajana was found in a basket by one of the villagers, who took the child in and raised her.With Astri's help, Tajana was able to hide her Frost Giant features and she accelerated physically. Several centuries passed, Tajana fell in love and was married to a farmer named Dobu, a kind man who worked hard and provided well.                   Skrymer was killed when his raiding party was ambushed, and Astri disappeared from the village.Tajana and Dobu were very happy together, but as he aged, she remained youthful and strong. She confided in her husband, explaining her past and her unique ancestry. Before he died, Dobu gave his wife a child, someone for her to remember him by. A beautiful daughter with large ocean blue eyes and long, thick golden hair. Her name was Tahlia.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/OFC

freeform: 
Minor Character Death
Brawling
Rough Sex
Nudity

fandom: 
Loki/OFC

