Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
“You don’t look a thing like him.”
She says it almost to herself, low and slurred, uncharacteristically contemplative. From where Charles is kneeling beside the bed, removing her shoes one after another with careful hands, it’s impossible to miss. He goes still, then gets slowly to his feet, reaching forward and around to tug the jacket from his mother’s shoulders, pull her arms free.
“Don’t look a thing like who?” he asks, affecting mild interest. The ache in his own limbs, the weight of exhaustion dragging him down, the irritation he can never entirely dispel at times like these, it makes it hard to care. 
Charles learned a long time ago that it was in his best interest to disregard the majority of what his mother says when she’s like this, eyes unfocused and face slack with drink. It’s easier for them both that way. By the law of averages some of it’s got to be true, and Charles would rather avoid trying to determine which painful fragment to believe, which to take to heart. Confessional, accusatory, angry, despairing; he’s heard the lot of it, and not a word is worth a second’s spare thought.
This, though. This is new.
He sits on the edge of the bed, begins attempting to maneuver his mother into a more comfortable position. She follows his solicitous nudges and lies back against the opulent pile of silk damask pillows, still in her fine linen shirt and trousers -- she’ll be horribly wrinkled come morning, Charles thinks, somewhat uncharitably -- and it seems as though she either hasn’t heard him or is choosing not to reply. Then she sighs, a small, pitiful noise, and tosses one emaciated arm up over her head to tangle in the messy fall of her hair. 
“Your father,” she says. “I’d have thought you a cuckoo’s child if not for that nose of yours. That’s your grandfather’s nose and no mistake.” She hums a little, eyes searching his face. “Mmm, and your eyes. You’ve got my eyes, Charlie. Such a beautiful boy...”
Charles has the wherewithal to lean away discreetly as she reaches to cup his cheek, but the rest of him feels stiff and cold, snagged on the flippant your father like an endlessly skipping record. This counts as only the second time in Charles’ entire life that his mother has invoked that particular spectre, and he has to wonder what could have possibly turned her thoughts in the direction of a man so long absent, estranged, thoroughly put out of mind.
He would ask, but when he looks up from where his hands have clenched between his knees her eyes are closed, breath wheezing and regular. Asleep, then. It’s almost a relief.
He draws the top-sheet over her prone form, gives her one last considering look, and then withdraws. His own bed is calling to him, from where he’d been roused by the sound of his mother struggling up the front staircase an hour earlier, her steps loud even on the thick pile of carpet. The part of his mind not currently yearning for a return to sleep is pathetically grateful tomorrow is a Saturday. He’s never relished following an evening such as this with a full day of classes, no matter how pathetically simple he finds each and every one of them. 
He’s not sure how this became his life. Somewhere along the way his mother stopped pretending, started soothing her worries and pains with all the vices her considerable wealth could afford her, and Charles was left to keep order where she steadfastly refused to do so. He’s taken to the task with aplomb, driven by the thought that if he can’t be wanted he can at least be useful.
Perhaps it’s not healthy, but it’s enough to be getting along with. From within the confines of his gilded cage, blessed with hearth and health, he’s got little room to complain.

||
What Charles knows of his mysterious, estranged father is two-fold:
He left, immediately, before the the ink of his harshly scrawled name on the birth certificate had gone dry. His mother told that tale, once, in one of her rages. She weaved about the drawing room, eyes red and wet, spitting invective and cursing his thrice-damned name. 
Which, coincidentally, is how he knows the name at all.
Erik Lehnsherr. 
He remembers feeling bemused at the undoubtedly and emphatically Germanic providence, wondering at how his mother, staunchly British herself, could have ever had cause to encounter such a man. Her social circles were old money, persistently insular, unabashedly xenophobic. He can’t imagine what they would have had to say to one another, what common ground they might have shared.
In his more cynical moments, he likes to think of him as a bit of rough, some rake she allowed to pursue her for amusement’s sake. Maybe he wanted her money, maybe she wanted to feel alive. Maybe it was something more prosaic, two people meeting and deciding to fuck, for any number of reasons. The fact that he stuck around long enough to declare himself as Charles’ biological father throws a bit of a spanner in the works, admittedly, but he supposes even less 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Original Female Character
Charles Xavier/Other(s)

freeform: 
Parent/Child Incest
Dubious Consent
Threatened Disciplinary Violence
Public Sex
Voyeurism
Dom/sub Undertones
Spanking
Angst
Unhappy Ending

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Original Female Character
Charles Xavier/Other(s)

