Work Text:
"In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine."
- Maya Angelou…See Foggy loves love. He loves it. He loves reading about it, watching movies about it, the whole shebang. His mother and father are soulmates, the kind that are so sickeningly sweet together that you can feel your teeth rotting just looking at them. They tell their story all the time to whoever will listen, how they met when they eighteen at a student protest and ran into each other when they were running from the cops. They have been together ever since, and still enjoy going to protests and screaming along with the best of them.Foggy grew up surrounded by the ideal that everyone strives for, grew up surrounded by family that all found their soulmates and never let go. Surrounded by love at its strongest.So naturally Foggy couldn’t wait to meet his soulmate.And on his first day at Columbia University he does. The door opens and a head pops in and his world fills with a rush of colour. It’s overwhelming and- and he finally understand what technicolour means and all he can say is ‘whoa’ and he looks up at the guy who he’s gonna spend the rest of his life with and-And he’s blind. And saying something to Foggy.“-You must be my roommate!”The guy smiles and Foggy waits.And Waits.He drops a few clues, maybe he needs to kick start the process, he calls the guy Handsome.And the guy rejects him so Foggy covers it. Matt Murdock. Hells kitchen hero and all round charming guy is his soulmate. They are soulmates but Matt doesn’t know that because he is blind. Oh god, Foggy feels like he is gonna throw up.Matt leaves and Foggy has the room to himself to panic in.“Okay,” he announces, pulling his hands away from where they were pulling his hair, “I can spin this.”He can. He knows he can. Not all soulmates are like his Mom and Dad, not all of them fall in instant love or feel the tug to be together. And not everyone had a good soulmate match.“This is an opportunity,” he says aloud again, “Get to know him, then spring the whole love of my life thing on him later. Sounds good, yeah.”
…Two weeks in Matt tells him after a pub crawl that he hates the idea of soulmates. Hates what it did to his Mom and Dad.Foggy blames being sick on the alcohol and Matt believes him.He doesn’t tell Matt. Decides to never tell Matt. He writes it down in his extra note book again and again.
Don’t tell Matt.

Don’t tell Matt.

Don’t tell Matt.
He thinks he feels his heart break a little more each time.…Besides the crushing pain of being rejected by his soulmate, colour is pretty good. He finds out what his hair colour actually is, movies are completely different, and he realizes he never actually had a decent sense of style ever. Who knew he wore so many clashing colours. And owned so many green hoodies, god damn.The hard part is remembering to not mention colour. He’s meant to seem soulmate-less, meant to still see the world in shades of grey. But it’s so hard, especially when he has so much else to deal with.He slips up every now and again.Foggy goes to get a bouquet of flowers for his mother, and when he asks for the ‘yellow ones over in the corner’ the sweet old lady smiles at him and says ‘Congratulations, it’s such a beautiful thing isn’t it’. It takes him a while to realize she didn’t mean the flowers.The girl at the bakery grins at him knowingly when he asks for a box of only pink iced donuts. He eats them all himself before he gets back to the office and stops at another bakery to get new ones, careful not to mention anything about colour. Matt gets concerned when he doesn’t have any of them when he finally gets back to the office. Foggy laughs it off but he cries himself to sleep that night.But the worst slip up happens in front of his mother. It’s simple, very undramatic, and it takes them both by surprise. It’s on a Sunday while he is still working for Landman and Zac, and he’s gone back home for his mother’s famous Sunday roast. Matt couldn’t come (he had a fucking date that Foggy had to pretend to be happy about), and the rest of his family were out distributing various portions of the roast to the other people in the building, so it was just Foggy and his Mom sitting in the kitchen together.“Pass me the milk will you, Franklin,” she asks, half way through making them tea.“Which one?’ Foggy asks as he opens the fridge, “The one with the yellow lid or the green?”“Green, thanks dear.”Neither of them realize what has just happened until Foggy in handing her the milk, a good five seconds after he fucked up.He watches as his mother’s eyes go wide and tear filled.“Franklin,” she whispers, hand coming up to cup the side of his face, “When did you- why didn’t you tell-““Mom, don’t-““I have too- oh my god your father-““Please stop-““I am so happy for you, my baby. I-““Stop!”It comes out in a snap and he instantly hates himself for making his mother look so distressed.“Franklin?” She says, frown taking over he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
colour blind until you see your soulmate au
Friends to Lovers
Angst
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Swearing
hopefully it breaks your heart cos it broke my brain

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

