Chapter 1





Chapter Text

"Please do shut up, Miss Stark."
Tony's words had been a cause for panic, when she was born. No multimillionaire wanted their kid to have words that reeked of violence--and kidnapping, to make it worse.Howard Stark had put about ten million round-the-clock guards on her, and gotten her extremely thorough self-defense training from the time she could walk for good measure. Good old overprotective Daddy dearest.Now, having successfully survived to see her 40s, Tony's been told to shut up more times than she can count.  Investors, thugs, college boys, secret agents, generalized assholes: take your pick.  Developing a big mouth was probably a poor coping mechanism for her words, but she's also hot as fuck and has a black belt in six different martial arts, so.Win some, lose some.  She shrugs, and carries on shattering barriers.  (In Afghanistan, they told her to shut up plenty of times--but never that particular combo. That fact was a relief, and she clung to it, afterwards. She might've had an arc reactor where her sternum should be, but at least she wasn't a terrorist's soulmate.)Incidentally, becoming Iron Man did put things into a bit more perspective. Apparently when you're a superhero, you get into even more life-threatening situations than when you're just a billionaire. Many more situations where stealth (incidentally, not Tony's strong point) becomes extremely important."Make a move, reindeer games," she says while motherfucking Captain America bleeds all over the nice German ground. What would SHIELD do without her?Loki's very intelligently got his hands up, so she lets Natasha and SHIELD land their ship, handle things, and then immediately attends to the highly important task of panicking over the extremely fit and extremely wounded national icon at her six. As usual, her mouth is on autopilot."Oh dear sweet holy mother of God, that is a lot of blood; I wish I had a fucking towel or some shit instead of all this metal, Jesus--uhh, here, I'll just--put some pressure on this, this delicious thigh of yours--holy shit I need to shut up--"Captain America looks like he's about to crack more ribs than he already has, if he starts laughing, but instead he exercises some very manful control over himself, places his hand over hers (very unfortunate, Tony thinks, that she has the suit on and thus can’t feel it, but she can’t exactly go “Wait, hang on; let me take this gauntlet off so I can feel my skin closer to your skin”—at least not without instantly outing herself as someone who’d broken into her dad’s office with the sole purpose of rebelliously rubbing one out whilst staring at his old war reels) on his now sluggishly bleeding thigh, and says: "Please do shut up, Miss Stark."Every train of thought in Tony’s brain freezes, like one enormous record scratch.  She can feel her jaw drop.What.(”Oh my,” she hears JARVIS murmur, somewhere in the distance.)  Barely a second later, the world resumes spinning.  She takes a moment to lean back and eyeball him again (not that she wasn't ogling him in the suit, too, but cameras, even if they're her cameras, can only convey so much.  Some things are better seen with your own eyes).Despite being sweaty, dirty, and bloody, with a couple gaping holes in his uniform, he looks utterly edible—every wet teenage dream of hers come to life. His hair is tousled from the cowl, and the fabric of his suit looks like it's just been painted onto his absurdly well-muscled body. She smells a certain Agent's hand in that, which clearly deserves a high five next time she sees him. Tony just wants to rub herself all over his torso, then maybe suck his dick. Maybe just a little.  She considers.  He's smiling at her, despite their being on the pavement with hundreds of frightened German civilians fleeing around them. Shit is on fire, some dude's eyeball has been violently removed, and Loki and his magic wand are being loaded onto the ship. Down the street, a car explodes.Tony's always been creative, but. It's not the time or place.So instead, she looks at Steve—her soulmate—speculatively, and says, "Once this is wrapped up, I'm gonna suck your dick."Steve's reaction is entertaining. He looks like Tony's just punched him in the gut, but in a positive way, if that makes sense. Tony doesn't really care if it does, because now that he's recovered his pretty blue eyes are going all dark and hooded and--that's a smirk. Captain America is smirking at her. There's a pulse of heat low in her abdomen, and she feels a flood of moisture down near her nether regions. Tony swallows."Only if I get to return the favor," he returns, pulling her bloody hands off his quickly scabbing wound. Tony doesn't even give a shit."Oh, Steve," she purrs as he stands (and lifts her with him, armor and all, what a panty-dropper), "I think this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Logan (X-Men)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Being Tony
Genderbend
Oral Sex
Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Penis goes in vagina okay
I'm Bad At Tagging
Female Tony Stark
I figured I should add the Bucky/Logan tag since everyone is going nuts for it

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Logan (X-Men)

