Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter Parker  hated  being cold.
Not very ballsy for a native New Yorker, but it was the truth. Sometime around puberty–coincidentally when he got bit by a particularly potent spider–he started bundling up like the Michelin man before heading outside anytime from November to April. Aunt May liked to joke that all the cheap Ice Pops he’d ingested as a child during the city’s sweltering summers had some unintentional side effects. He missed the days when his tongue got dyed blue by sugar and his biggest worry was whether Flash Thompson would shove him in a locker on the first day of school… because now being cold could  literally  kill him.
Not that the average non-mutated person couldn’t die of hypothermia, oh no–according to Google, it killed approximately 700 people per year in the United States. That was somehow a bigger and smaller number than Peter’s statistics-junkie brain had suspected. All that being said, Peter wasn’t your average man–he was what you might call a  Spider -Man, and came complete with awful puns, and his acquired arachnid side had foisted many changes upon his body.
Some changes were awesome, like the wall-crawling and the super strength… and others were kind of sucky. For example, enhanced senses sounded cool on paper, but unless he was in a fight it was a drag to be able to hear  everything  going on around him in a block radius. Same with his sense of smell–great for tacos, bad for piles of garbage. One time he got tossed into a dumpster by some Maggia thugs and threw up inside his mask when he got a nose full of dead rat. 
Better eyesight meant he didn't need glasses anymore, although he still wore them sometimes out of habit. On the days he didn't, people assumed he had contact lenses, and he looked like any other dorky grad student in existence. But not having to pay to see was good, and his Spider-Sense (he refused to call it the Peter Tingle, thanks for nothing, MJ) had saved his life on many occasions.
Today it hadn't. 
Deadpool had.
 
~***~
 
Okay, in order for  any  of the shit up there to make sense, Peter had to back the narrative up all the way to that morning and the flight on the Quinjet from New York to Switzerland.
"Is this your first time out of New York, son?" Steve asked him without taking his eye off their trajectory. Probably paranoid, having crashed a plane before and all. He was in his full Captain America garb except the helmet, and he tilted his head in consideration when he amended, "You know, besides to fight me. Or Thanos."
"Yes, sir," Peter replied. Like usual when it came to the Avengers, he felt decidedly out of place. Not powerless, just… smaller. He also couldn't stop calling Steve "sir", no matter how many times he was told it was fine to use first names. "Well, no, actually. I did go on a trip to Europe in high school, but that… didn't end so well."
In the copilot’s seat, Tony snorted. "You can say that again, kid. Blowing up London Bridge tends to put you on Santa's naughty list."
"Yeah, but technically Mysterio did it," Clint pointed out, doing… something… to one of his arrows to make it… better? It was honestly hard to say. "Blew up the bridge, I mean. What a tool."
Peter felt a ton of guilt over many things, including Quentin Beck's fate. He chose to say nothing in response to that. He chewed at the inside of his cheek instead, wishing he wasn't wearing the Iron Spider suit so he'd have some fabric to pick at. He settled for tapping his middle and ring fingers lightly against his palms, just above where the trigger for his web shooters rested.
"So what's the plan when we touch down?" Bucky asked, and he looked sort of like Peter felt: out of place and he knew it. "Besides killing Nazis."
"That's been the extent of the plan for the smaller HYDRA bases we've taken out," Natasha said. Of all the Avengers (and their extraneous buddies), she scared Peter the most. Her hair was red and full of secrets, just like MJ's. "But this one is much bigger, and the word on the street is that they've been doing some… human experimentation." She glanced at Peter. "Thank you for coming with us. Good help is hard to come by."
"Sam sends his regrets," Steve said mildly, as the Quinjet started to descend through the clouds. "He wanted to tag along, but his sister just had surgery."
"I know, I mailed a card," Tony said, then paused. "Well. FRIDAY mailed a card."
"Happy to do it," Peter said, but the words tasted funny in his mouth. He wasn't  happy , exactly, but who said no when the Avengers called? Nobody. "Are we meeting anyone else there?"
"Couple of the X-Men, I think," Bucky said, looking down at his mismatched hands. "They're not fans of people being used as guinea pigs either."
"They're more than welcome to help out, since we're a little short-staffed," Clint said, putting his arrows in his quiver and adjusting his hearing aid. "No offense, Peter. Besides, the X-Men are cool."
"As long as they don't bring Deadpool along," Tony said,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Past Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Mission Fic
First Meetings
Huddling For Warmth
Hypothermia
Blood and Injury
Swearing
Deadpool being Deadpool
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Deaf Clint Barton
Human Experimentation
Getting to Know Each Other

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Past Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship

