Work Text:

    The problem with the Avengers, Foggy reflected, was that they were very confusing people.

    Hawkeye was technically the first one he “met”, if that word can be used to describe a master assassin following you, saving you from four very scary
    ninjas, and coming back to your place for beer and stiches.

    Clint had blinked after he offered and Foggy had found himself rambling without even realizing it. “I mean you, you just saved my life, so obviously beer
    is the least I can do, especially for you. Because, you know, you’re Hawkeye! And I sort of know another superhero? He’s my friend so when I found out he
    was…doing what he was doing I took some first aid classes and bought, like, a lot of gauze and antiseptic so it’s no trouble if you want…patching up?”

    Clint was still staring at him. “You found out your friend was a superhero so you took a first aid class?”

    Foggy winced. “Well, no. I yelled at him a lot and tried to break up with him, friend break-up! But well ‘I can’t quit you’ and all that and then I took
    like six first aid classes. I think I’m halfway to a degree in nursing at this point, which might be good because my partner at my law practice hasn’t been
    showing up a lot and if we go under, well, there’s huge nursing crisis in this country…”

    Foggy felt himself blushing as he trailed off lamely but Hawkeye had started smiling a little bemusedly somewhere in the middle of Foggy’s stuttering
    speech and just said “Beer sounds great. Call me Clint.”

    So Clint climbed back to the roof of the building he had circus acrobated his way down after shooting two of the ninjas and followed Foggy home
    from high vantage points before breaking into his apartment though the window Foggy kept loosely latched for Matt.

    “You should lock your windows.” He said standing in the middle of Foggy’s apartment like he hadn’t just followed Foggy home on rooftops and then broken in
    and wasn’t dripping blood from a cut in his arm.

    “Yeah, well, like I said, I have a friend who does what you do and I want him to be able to…because of the patching up. And it’s not like I have anything
    to steal really so its fine.”

    Clint glanced around at Foggy’s small, reasonably neat apartment and nodded slowly. Neatness didn’t come easily to Foggy but he’d learned it from living with
    Matt and now that Matt was dropping in at all hours, sometimes with head wounds, keeping the place pretty clean was more of a priority. It was nice now too
    because it meant Foggy’s dirty clothes were safely in his hamper when he unexpected visitors like Clint Fucking Barton.

    Clint having completed his survey of Foggy’s apartment raised his eyebrows and gestured to the sofa. “Of course!” Foggy hastened to say. “Please sit. Let
    me get you a beer and you can tell me of your woes while I stitch you up.”

    Clint raised an eyebrow. “My woes?”

    “I figured if I am playing bartender I might as well lean in.”

    Clint paused for a second, then barked a short laugh. “I think Nat would like you.”

    Foggy resolutely did not think about the possibility that “Nat” was Natasha Romanov and instead grabbed a beer from the fridge and his very large first
    aid kit from under the sink.

    He presented Clint with the beer and ripped open one of the packs of numbing gel he’d bought extra outside the kit. Clint just watched him, sipping his
    beer as Foggy smoothed the gel on, prepped the needle and painstakingly began to sew the cut in his forearm.

    Uncomfortable in the silence, Foggy began to babble about one of his cases, a silly dispute between two rival falafel stands that he was determined to
    settle out of court. The story was funny and involved him getting humus thrown at him and he could sense Clint starting to relax so he kept talking,
    listening for the little chuckles that followed some of his better anecdotes and plying Clint with beer until the man was asleep on his couch.

    Foggy, a little hoarse from telling his embarrassing stories, tiptoed to the kitchen grabbed and banana and a couple granola bars, wrote a note saying
    “Breakfast if you want it”, and left note, bars, and fruit on the coffee table in front of Clint. Halfway to his bed, he paused wondering if that was weird
    but it was what he did for Matt who often left Foggy’s place before he was up to change his clothes before work despite Foggy insisting he could keep a
    couple spare suits at Foggy’s.

    The next morning Clint was gone when Foggy woke up but he’d written “Thanks” on the back of the breakfast note so Foggy figured it was a win.

    --

    Foggy didn’t see Clint for another two weeks until he was awoken by a scraping outside his window well after midnight and upon padding into his living room
    was not confronted by his best friend trying to sneak into his apartment but rather a somewhat bruised Clint Barton.

    Foggy winced. “You want some ice?”

    Cli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Torture
Pining
Insecurity
Loyalty

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

