Chapter 1: Rebuilding
    


Notes:
The credits finished and this happened. I am not sorry, just emotionally compromised.Also, this is my first ever Avengers fic. Before today I was too afraid I’d screw it up, and now my Muse just needs to get this out…EDIT 18-06-2015: I have found a wonderful beta in brittbritt1997 who is taking it upon herself to weed out all mistakes in part I as well as beta part II before I post its chapters. So soon this story will be completely beta'd, yay! Thank you so much, Bri!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Sir, are you alright?”Tony blinks, his vision clearing slightly. He is staring at the window – not out of it, at it. He can make out grains of dust, obscuring the view of New York. “Sir?”The female voice sounds wrong. He fought side by side with Friday, but in the familiar contours of Avengers Tower, she is an alien. “Mr. Stark?”Tony blinks again. Turns his head. The floor is in shambles. It looks even worse than he remembers it looking after… After. He walks to the nearest pile of metal and wires. The building might be broken, but he can fix it. Rebuild it. There is nothing else for him to do. *Tony begins with the entertainment floor, hoping happier memories will return to the silent corners. Gets his tool kit from the workshop, pulls up the blueprints from the back-up drives, hidden in the safe not even Pepper knows about. Pepper. Who called when he was at the new Avengers’ base, to check in. She has a company. Tony wasn’t lying at the party – she really couldn’t come. Yet if she had, she wouldn’t have stayed. He knows Thor and Jane talk frequently; the god’s smile was always brighter afterward. They made it work, the whole dating-a-superhero shebang. He and Pepper didn’t. Tony picks up the wrench. *On the third day, he deletes Friday. Tony rebuilds, modifies. Takes fragments and gives them new order. He does not create. He can’t, not anymore. Not after Ultron.  “Hello, sir.”The voice is the same, but the program is not. He calls it Jarvis Junior, J.J. for short. Tony tried to install another vocal pattern, he honestly did, but every result made his skin crawl, reminded him of all that’s changed and just this, this small thing could remain. Tony clings to it with all his might. *He works and sleeps and calls Pepper once a week. Cap emails if they need anything upstate, calls once and goes on and on about training and movie night and how Tony should join them. He’s busy.  Tony works and sleeps and works some more until he can’t lift his arms anymore, then finds a flat surface to catch a couple of hours of reprieve. He doesn’t shower until he simply can’t scratch that itch anymore, then steps into the spray and turns the water as hot as he can stand. He has J.J. order food when he gets dizzy. Any necessary parts can be ordered and delivered. Ultron tried, but he failed and humanity’s still here, and Tony doesn’t even have to leave the Tower.He works and sleeps and rebuilds the entertainment floor, then moves on to the first part of the lab. Bruce’s ghost haunts them. The echoes of his warnings have seeped into the foundations. Tony’s feet burn when he steps on it. He works and sleeps and climbs down to the second floor of the lab, cutting himself on shattered glass and scrap metal. It’s a hollow space, or maybe Tony is just projecting the feeling of his chest onto the room. He feels the absence of his arc reactor more than ever. Maybe with it, he wouldn’t have strayed this far this fast. Maybe Pepper would have stayed. Maybe removing his biggest bodily flaw was just like removing the head of a hydra, with many, many more following in its wake. *Tony works and sleeps and never sleeps deep enough to dream until one day his body betrays him, throwing him into the depths of REM without a way out. He wakes drenched in sweat, his pulse racing. The next time his arms refuse to lay one more relay, he is prepared. He drowns himself in a whiskey tumbler until the alcohol comes out of his pores and he passes out on a workbench. When he wakes this time, his entire body hurts, but he did not have to relive seeing his teammates dead, Cap’s dimming eyes so full of reproach. He orders the good stuff by the crates. *At the new base, Clint arrives, presumably to help with training. The next generation is shaping up well. Tony watches the CCTV feed on his tablet as he stabs a falafel with his fork. “Sir, the components for the laboratory floor have arrived.”“Send ‘em up, J.J.,” Tony tells the virtual assistant, putting his fork down and walking to the freight elevator where the delivery men left the parts. *Rebuilding poses its own challenges. Tony takes fragments, entire subroutines he has memorized, piecing together an operating system like a jigsaw puzzle, different from anything he has ever done and still merely more of the same. The code flows, fast and unrelenting once Tony’s brain has figured out how to solve this. Yet every few l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fix-It
Tony-centric
Tony Feels
Tony Angst
author has been emotionally compromised by the movie
Avengers: Age of Ultron Spoilers
Self-Destruction
Dark-ish
post Age of Ultron
Panic Attacks
Angst
eventual slash
Slow Build
as in "glacial"
Avengers vs. Media
Publicity
Advanced Idea Mechanics
Pietro Maximoff Lives
now beta'd!

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

