Chapter 1: You Had Me At I've Seen Your Face
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
TJ swayed gently to the music that wafted into the air as he passionately stroked ivory key after key below his fingertips. His mouth twitched as each note blended into the next creating an intoxicating rhythm. He’d grown accustomed to finding the piano at any gathering and just drawing all the attention he could. He’d mustered up a plethora of people in the large parlor of a democratic senator’s estate that was just outside the borders of D.C. He bobbed his head to the smooth rhythm, wishing he had a line of coke. His mom was running for president against former president Matthew Ellis, which made it a tad harder to go into a bathroom at a democratic senator’s home and do a line of blow. He was supposed to be in “recovery” anyway, not that he really thought he was. He’d do a line of coke if he had the chance.The song came to a gentle end, where TJ took the liberty of grabbing his crystal glass of bourbon (consequences be damned, he wasn’t getting laid tonight and he couldn’t do coke so damn straight he was going to drink). A gentle roar of applause lifted TJ’s smile to its fullest. He took a gulp of the caramel liquid, bowing. Walking away from the piano, his brother, Doug, instantly flitted up to him.“Drinking, TJ?” The look in his bother’s eyes was condescending, which irritated TJ.“Not doing coke. Count your blessings, Douggie,” TJ responded, sipping on the alcoholic beverage. “Dude, you gotta meet this guy,” Doug said through a smile. “Remember when I said there could be some Avengers here?”TJ rolled his eyes. His brother was completely enamored by the superheroes who’d taken it upon themselves to done the name “Avengers.” TJ thought it rather lazy, considering by definition they would have to wait for something to go wrong before they lunged into action. How many bodies had to fall before the Avengers thought it was time to rise? He tossed back the rest of his bourbon, allowing Doug to lead him out into the garden.  The high wooden privacy fence was lined with soft glowing lanterns and warm Christmas lights to give the garden, with its bubbling fountain and flirty flowers an ethereal, magical look. TJ was actually impressed with Mrs. Senator’s gardener’s skills (because he knew damn sure she wasn’t the one getting on her knees…outside of the bedroom− of course).“Captain Rogers! This is my brother, the one I was just talking about,” Doug said, coming up to a man with the broadest shoulders TJ had ever seen, and good God was this man ripped with muscles, hard as stone and he could probably fuck like a bull…and…shit…he’s staring at TJ with the most bewildered look.TJ frowned, running his tongue along his top lip, jutting out his hand and saying, “Name’s TJ Hammond.”“TJ was the one you heard on the piano just now,” Doug said, beaming proudly. It was rare to see Doug so proud of TJ. Of course it was all a farce, considering Doug just wanted to impress the Captain.“Steve…Steve Rogers,” the man with the delicious biceps said, offering out his hand to shake TJ’s. His suit was a deep blue and he wore a red tie. TJ wasn’t sure if the tie was because he was republican or not, but his mother always told him that men who wore red ties were either gay or republican and so right now, that put TJ in a very interesting situation. Gay? Or Republican? TJ would just have to find out. “Y-you’re his brother?”“Twins. I’m the older one, so I took all the good looks,” TJ said winking at Captain Rogers.Captain Rogers looked like he was either constipated or he’d just seen a ghost. TJ wasn’t entirely sure which one was which. It was unnerving, even Doug was picking up on it.“Oh, I see Anne’s in trouble with Senator O’Brien,” Doug said. “I’ll uh, I’ll let you two talk for a bit.”Typical Doug, abandoning the situation when it was clear that something rather strange was going on.Captain Rogers laughed. Which caused TJ’s brows to jut up his forehead in disbelief, but a smile was teasing at his full lips. “He’s wound tighter than a new watch,” the Captain said through a smile.TJ laughed, it was quite and breathy, but it seemed to bring out a sparkle in the Captain’s blue eyes, so TJ wasn’t complaining. “Yeah…that’s Douggie for you. He’s got a stick so far up his ass that I don’t think he knows what to do with it, and that’s coming from a guy who likes that kind of shit.”Captain Rogers laughed, but it was a bit awkward, and certainly mostly for show. TJ decided he’d dial back on the gay references. Maybe Rogers was just a republican. “So uh…you’re, how old are you?”TJ cocked a brow, wishing he had another drink or something to keep his hands busy with. Instead, he just shoved his hands into the pockets of his gray Dior suit. “Thirty? How old are you?”“Oh, no…” Rogers shifted his weight, his face slightly panicked. This guy was weird. Extremely good looking and incredibly bangable, but weird. “I’m t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thomas "T. J." Hammond/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thomas "T. J." Hammond/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crossover Pairings
Drug Use
Alcohol
Mention of attempted suicide
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Protective Steve
Steve Rogers Feels
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Returns
Threesome - M/M/M
Angsty TJ Hammond
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Nipple Play
Multiple Orgasms
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
its between them both
and after
Barebacking
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
bottom TJ Hammond
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Metal Arm Kink
gifs in end notes each chapter
Protective Bucky Barnes
Rimming
Aftercare
Rough Sex
Come Eating
Come Swallowing
this story is getting kinkier as it progresses
Come play
saliva as lube on occasion
mentions of milking
mentions of torture
honestly these boys are just switches at this point
Double Penetration
Sex Toys
supersoldier sandwich
Wax Play
Anal Fisting
Felching

fandom: 
Thomas "T. J." Hammond/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thomas "T. J." Hammond/Steve Rogers

