Chapter 1



Notes:
A new fic!! And this one is a fantasy AU!! Because I love them and all the allusions to King Arthur in the comics are so not appreciated enough in my opinion. Some of the characters are probably going to start a little ooc, but I really want to show them grow over time to where they become the badass and awesome team that we know about today.




Chapter Text

“Help! Help! Please!”

Teddy heard the cries of a young woman in the distance. These woods were a treacherous place, even for him, whose body could rip a tree trunk from its roots. Twas no small adventure to face some of the beasts that lurked behind the vines or merely try to cut through a path that would change the scenery at its own will. His horse was one of the few creatures he had ever found to be able to withstand or even outright ignore the pulsing of magic that would flood through the trees, and luckily, that made them quick friends.

He jumped, throwing his leg over the saddle, and lightly kicked down to advance them. “Lauri-Ell, let’s go!”

The path opened to them as they conveniently missed the swinging branches and sharp stones along the ground. Teddy let his sword remain in its sheath at the realization that the wood would not be fighting back at this time.

As he continued to approach, the fearful screams of the woman grew in volume, now followed by the low growling of wolves. It seems whoever this maiden was, got quite lucky to be facing one of the few non-magic threats that could appear. 

Though larger in size, the beasts that seemed to be hunting the woman were still mortal, meaning that Teddy had a chance in the fight. 

The woman had scrambled up a twisting of trees and stones in the center of a small clearing. Teddy set his eyes to the forest floor to see that, outside of the tatters of the woman's ripped cloak, there was nothing unusual in the vicinity. Good. That would make this much easier.

He dismounted Lauri-Ell, letting his boots hit the ground hard as he finally pulled out his weapon, an old hand-me-down sword a villager had once given him as payment. The beasts turned, their beady eyes staring him down with a fixation that was not of this plane, and let out a series of howls, charging him from his place at the end of the clearing.

Like the back of his hand, the wolves were easy to read, their movements predictable and not tainted by the unusualness of the clearing. They fell easy, the first heading towards him, teeth bared, was taken down by a good swing to the neck; a clean cut. The second shifted, aiming for his side, but the follow-through was able to cut through the spine leaving the poor beast fallen. The third made his way to Lauri-Ell, happy to see proper food, but Teddy would not let harm come to her, and in a few strong strides, he was able to cut the beast off with a swing to the leg and a kick over the clearing line. The wolf whimpered and ran, but at least it was still alive.

The clearing fell silent. Only the patterned breathing of him and his horse and the cold, fearful whimpers of the lady in the tree could penetrate it. There is no doubt that a pack should consist of more than three persistent wolves, but it is possible the other ones were smart enough to not join their now fallen brethren. He could only hope that the other was able to survive until it found its home. 

“My hero!” The lady was covered in dirt and her face was tear-streaked as she tried to shuffle down the scratchy bark to the ground. Now with a chance to breathe, Teddy chose to study her in her haste, making no move to assist.

She was lovely. A lithe body with the faintest traces of muscles, the sign of a poor field worker. She had a set of daggers on one side of her waist and a short rapier gripped tightly in her hands. Her arms and legs were unfortunately torn up. Small traces of blood trailed through the rips in her riding pants and light overcoat. Her cloak, surprisingly, was the thing most intact. A vibrant red, an expensive color, was draped across her back while the hood fell to her shoulders. Only the bottom seemed to have been caught up in whatever dangerous work she had been doing before her poorly timed interaction. It looked as if she had been able to protect her face as well for the most part. While it was clear that there would be some bruising, it was relatively clean compared to the rest of her. Her vibrant blue eyes were kind and dizzying to pay attention to. And all of it was framed lightly by smooth, dark locks of hair that had fallen out of her braid. 

She was without a doubt the most beautiful person he had ever seen.

The woman staggered over to him. “My hero!” she exclaimed, “You saved me, please, what is your name?”

Teddy took a moment to brush himself off, letting the dust slide off as he figured out his next choice of action.

He paid close attention to her eyes and their sharp glow as he answered. “You may call me Teddy,” he told her patiently.

The slightest flash of something in her eye
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan
David Alleyne & Teddy Altman
Billy Kaplan & Tommy Shepherd

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Creatures & Monsters
Mentions of Myth & Folklore
Canon-Typical Violence
Fae & Fairies

fandom: 
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan
David Alleyne & Teddy Altman
Billy Kaplan & Tommy Shepherd

