Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter parker sat alone in his apartment, a voice calling out a" a hero of your skill set shouldn't be here."he jumped up his spider sense not triggered, the voice continued ," my name is discord a chaoe lord I've watched you a long the multiverse, I've become a big fan Spider-man."Peter remained on gaurd as this discord said , " I can give you your daughter may back she lives, Osbornd helper kept her as a trump card"peter growled " don't you play games with me!"the lord of chaos spike, " trust me Peter I am being as serious as I am allowed to be. now standard assholed won't just let me give her back or just let you find her someplace else. it has to be a challenge."At that moment he found himself in a roof a humanoid equine. an anthro earth pony, brown fut darker brown manr and tail blue eyes he could also sense a cutie mark of a gear covered in could sense may calling out to him " MAY!"he jumpef firing off organic webs to swing as a suit appeared. blue red belt boots gloved hoodie like vest with the black venom style spider symbol, the pants binding most of his tail in blue wrapping making it look donkey like. a red mask with his normal lens. red wrist device and four metal spider legs from a back pack.watching discord said " welcome to maretroplis web head oh title drop!" he said wearing a marvel comics T-shirt.Peter swung through the city of anthro ponies people staring muttering about a super stallion, "So I am just guessing Gender role reverse ok then!" he said firing a web line! " find May focus on the rest later!" he said following his spider-sense! before he heard screams and heard a news reporter talking about the power ponies where on the ropes, thanks smudge spreading.he wall crawled looking at the six anthro ponies model figures dressed like the equestria girl movie all of them tired form a blob of slime Peter looked and said,"Well he is in my way!" he said web swinging into it news crew focus on him as with web lines he avoided every last strike, every spike, every hand as he said, " So what's your story? Born different? was offered powers but regretted it? freaky potion bath? What?" the slime thing roared forming massive arms as he timed it and kicked it making the thing gasp in pain to his shock!The blob looked confused as Peter hung upside down,"you see Smudge your generic! Like every elemental blob one part of you holds your mind! I have a six sense warning me of dangers so the same thing that makes it so you can't touch me!" he said jumping to avoid a hammer tendril and turning to kick it making him scream, "Allows me to hit you in the brain! As that's the real you! leading it like an ant hill!" he said flipping on a side of a building the power ponies watching stunned as he fired off two web lines, "and If i can touch it I can grab it!" in a moment a chunk of slime none different form the rest was pulled out making the slime melt as Peter held a soap sized squishy blob with a face crying. he webbed it up in a Coconoon and landed handing it to Masked matter horn stunned at what she had saw but taking it.The super stallion turned, "Look I would love to stay, but I have got to Go! My daughter is in trouble! My webs fade away in a few hours get it in a jar! Just call me Spider-mane!" he said web swinging away.Mare-velous blinked, "... am I the only mare who noticed That perfect flank!"Saddle rager who was currently eight foot tall like a shehulk fanning herself with a wing, "you should have seen the other end in those tights!"Fili-second came out witha jar for smudge's brain, "Oh gross the brain is squishy!" she said grossed out. Zap stared and had hearts in her eyes.Radiance flipped her mane and said, "...So we are going to follow the new guy in down who is a dilf like love sick Fillies?"The team leader spoke up " he said his daughter is in trouble time to power pony up!"thanks to his lead he was on a building topped in a globe " this is tacky!" he held his head focusing he was scanning through spider eyes.one spider saw her brown coat, red mane and tail, crying green eyes. dressed in a dirty white dredd she was spoking he wished he could read her lips, but the mouths moved different. he sensed shewas up,but then ge saw it the demogoblin laughing.Peter tilted his head " demogoblin but where" he loomed up making out a building on a cloud"... really now? magic whacky land too." he tried to web swing up but his lines won't make it to the building cloud he fired a line it stuck to a lower cloud, but their was no other ones! That is when the power ponies Showed up on Radiance's glider made of energy.The Six mares walked up, Radiance smiled, "oh your webs can't read your daughter how sad! I am Green garden Known as radiance to the public! Secrets start trust and idenity is one of them!"the next power pony to reveal their name Masked matter horn who bowed, "I and Trot summers,the masked matter horn!" as they did so they unmasked.Next up was mare-velous, "Mare-velous is my
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Harem

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Peter Parker/Harem

