Chapter 1: Daddy, tell me a story.
    




Chapter Text
The two little feet running to his room wasn't something he was a stranger about. He had gotten used to it on the last four years."Daddy daddy daddy" the little girl jumped up on the bed, shaking her father"Buttercup,it's 6 am, why don't you sleep for a little while more?" He asked her with a yawn pulling the little girl by his side and hugging her"Mommy left for work and she woke me up! I'm no tired no more" The girl said like it was the most obvious thing ever"Did she woke up your brother?" He asked, because he hadn't heard anything. He felt his daughter shake her head"No daddy, he's asleep" she answered and he laughed"Okay, but we're going to sleep a little while more" he said"Nuh uh" the girl said shaking his head again "I want a story daddy""If I tell you a story will you go to sleep for a little bit more?" he asked and the little girl nodded quickly a few times "Okay, get comfortable" he added with a chuckle
  IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII  
 MJ had never really liked planes. They were noisy, and full of people, and... and she hated California and was dying to get back to New York, to her comfy bed, to her office... California was just too hot for her, but working as one of the best lawyers in New York meant she needed to travel from time to time even if she was only 25. But still she had been in this stupid plane for more than 40 minutes and it should have been on air for 20 of those.She was on first class, because she had put her foot down for once and had told Matt that she wouldn't step foot on California if she had to go in business class. At least like that she only had one person next to her and not eight.Well, actually maybe she didn't have any because the seat next to hers was completely. "I'm sorry" MJ called for one of the flight attendance that was walking around the plane "Why are we taking so long to take off?" she asked kindly  "Oh! There's a little problem with a bag stealer and spider-man is trying to solve it. He's in this flight you know?" The flight attendance explained to MJ like it was the best thing in the world that Spider-man had chosen this plane out of all the others.But wait, spider-man? Why was Spider-man in California? MJ thought his thing was New York or whatever.Like if saying his name had summon him up. Spider-man, aka Peter Parker, the sweetheart of America, the bachelor of New York... or whatever it's not like she paid attention to him pffff, she was only observing. That was all. Pure curiosity. "Oh no Mr.Parker please, you just saved us you can't be in business class! We have a free spot in First Class, let me take you to it" The, what MJ supposed, was the captain said to someone behind him 
"I think saved it's exaggerating..." Peter started to say, trying to decline the offer gently, he didn't want to take advantage of his persona. He only was in California because Tony was very insistent that he had to look at the new head quarters there to see if they were coming up like they wanted or they were fucking it up since no one was overlooking the construction. He thought it was stupid, but Mr.Stark had done so many things for him, the last thing he could do was overlook construction.
"Please, take the place" the captain repeated and Peter nodded softly, accepting the offer shyly. On the other hand MJ wasn't taking this conversation lightly. What? Because he's famous they're just going to give him the spot because? He probably demanded it, he seemed like one of those stuck up celebrities that thought they ran the world just because he had a pretty face. “Thank you” Peter assured, coincidentally (or not) the only place left in first class was next to MJ. And when his eyes lay on her, he thinks that she must be an angel, he must have died from that man’s stab and went to heaven. He thought those scenes in movies where everything stops and only you and that girl exist were fake. But it was what was happening to him right now “Oh! Hi my name is…”

”I know who you are” MJ answered as soon as the boy started to introduce himself, cutting him off “Michelle Jones, and I don’t like you” she added back to her statement She had always been very upfront with everyone she wasn’t gonna be different with him because he was famous. Peter wasn’t really sure if what she just said he was too distracted engraving every little thing of her face in his brain. Even if that sounded a little weird. “Nice to meet you Michelle Jones” Peter called he tried to sit up on his place but let out a grunt of pain ”Are you okay?” MJ asked not that she cared but he seemed to be in pain  “I’m fine just a couple of broken ribs… probably” Peter answered back and MJ opened her eyes like he was crazy. Which he probably completely was he was talking about broken ribs as if it was his grocery shopping list.  “That doesn’t sound like fine to me” MJ answered prepared to seek medical attention, she didn’t like him but she wasn’t going to let hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Big Brother Peter Parker
Idiots in Love
Enemies to Lovers
planes
Michelle Jones is a Little Shit
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark

