Chapter 1: Hours, In Waist Deep
    


Summary:

Cletus thinks about the dregs of society. Pat makes strides in his duty to the victims of a dangerous serial killer.



Notes:
I feel disconnected from realityI'm a shell of who I used to beI'm a dreg to society...




Chapter Text
He didn’t ask for much. Never had. Just a newspaper, each day. So he could keep up with what was going on in the outside world. He could have just asked the people who guarded him, but people lied. Print was truth.
Print had him staring at the name of one of the only people he’d never felt the instinct to destroy.
So that closed-off, silent child had grown up to be someone who voiced for the voiceless. The lowest dregs of society. The homeless, the disabled, the poor, the unloved, the unlucky, the mentally ill. The different. People who weren’t worth caring about. Cletus didn’t think that of them. How could he think that? He had a fucking list of defects the prison psychiatrist once read out to him before the incident that had him penned up in this cage like a monster. He was one of those dregs. And he liked that Eddie was vouching for people like him.
And then shit happened to Eddie. Cletus still asked for a paper each day, asked for every print of every copy the powers that be would allow him. He was given a dozen, sifting through them for months and months. Still nothing. Some rocket blew up which was almost interesting. And then, four months after that, he found Eddie in some middle-road rag he barely knew the name of. It had been almost eight months and if this was the only real work he’d had…well.
Eddie wasn’t the only one who could look out for the dregs.
Pat barely remembered Eddie. He saw a lot of people day to day, suspects, witnesses, his own colleagues…sometimes he barely remembered his own goddamn name.
But if it got families closure, especially the relatives of that psychopath…Pat would do whatever the hell it took. He’d met some of them, despondent and dead-eyed from the loss of their world. Kassady had taken that from them, stolen their light. Some had even lost their motivation to keep on living due to that warped son of a bitch. Pat would even go as far as to say he was worse than the serial killer who’d been ripping off people’s heads. The coroner had thought the resulting slices looked like teeth marks, but not human. And there had been remnants of something acidic. All very strange, incredibly scary, but that had died down. Now he had something to actually do. A lead. And it depended on a shady little vulture which didn’t sit right, but what else was a guy to do?
The families came first. Always would.
He pressed the green symbol on his phone screen and pressed it to his only working ear. Sometimes it still hurt, like Barrison’s scream had torn something in the canal that couldn’t heal. She was dead, but her parting gift lingered.
“Hello?”
“Hey, Eddie. It’s Mulligan.” He could barely hear the other man’s voice, so pressed his hand over his damaged ear, trying to focus with the other. People grieved for the blind. The deaf didn’t get such luxury. “You heard of Kassady, right? Cletus Kassady. He’s a serial killer.”
“Uh…yeah, I’ve heard of him. Why?”
“He’s ready to talk about his victims. Only you he wants to talk to.” He had a whole speech planned for if Eddie balked, tried to get out of it. Nobody felt safe in the company of a killer. At least nobody sane. Nobody who wasn’t used to being in the company of a killer.
Eddie said. “When does he want to talk?”
It was then that Pat should’ve realised that Eddie either wasn’t sane or was used to a killer’s company.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Cletus Kasady
Frances Barrison & Cletus Kasady
Carnage Symbiote & Cletus Kasady
Frances Barrison/Cletus Kasady
Frances Barrison/Carnage Symbiote/Cletus Kasady
Carnage Symbiote & Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Dan Lewis/Anne Weying
Eddie Brock & Anne Weying
Venom Symbiote & Anne Weying
Dan Lewis & Anne Weying
Eddie Brock & Dan Lewis
Dan Lewis & Venom Symbiote
Patrick Mulligan & Toxin Symbiote

freeform: 
Canon Disabled Character
Disability
Canon-Typical Violence
Protective Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Hungry Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Breaking Up & Making Up
Venom Symbiote Loves Eddie Brock
Human Disaster Eddie Brock
Eddie Brock Loves Venom Symbiote
Venom Symbiote Takes Care of Eddie Brock
Declarations Of Love
Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
Tentacle Sex
Rough Sex
Idiots in Love
Spanking
Vaginal Sex
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Everyone Has Issues
Canon-Typical Cannibalism
Everyone has sex
Threesome
Denial of Feelings
Cuddling & Snuggling
Post-Coital Cuddling
I'm Still Me Dammit

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Venom Symbiote
Eddie Brock & Cletus Kasady
Frances Barrison & Cletus Kasady
Carnage Symbiote & Cletus Kasady
Frances Barrison/Cletus Kasady
Frances Barrison/Carnage Symbiote/Cletus Kasady
Carnage Symbiote & Venom Symbiote (Marvel)
Dan Lewis/Anne Weying
Eddie Brock & Anne Weying
Venom Symbiote & Anne Weying
Dan Lewis & Anne Weying
Eddie Brock & Dan Lewis
Dan Lewis & Venom Symbiote
Patrick Mulligan & Toxin Symbiote

