Work Text:
Steve likes to think Tony and he are starting to get over their initial bump at the beginning. He likes to think the banter and the snark are just parts of Tony Stark that Steve will eventually grow fond of. He likes to think Tony takes care of himself better now that Steve is around to help, that they’re all around to help. He likes to think Tony understands that ‘team’ means backup. He likes to think these things.But he’s usually let down.The latest explosion rocks the street, blowing out the bottom windows of the department store that Natasha is tucked up beside. The glass cuts over her cheek and she fires her gun toward the Doom bot bearing down on her. Steve throws his shield and it cleaves off its head, winding the bot down. Natasha nods at him in thanks and Steve turns, a bot clanking into place before him, when he hears a shout.Iron Man pelts by, a strange beep making the robots roll after him furiously, until one of them fires a blast that takes out a repulsor boot. Tony goes down hard and Steve’s already running, cursing a blue streak as he leaps a car. When he gets close enough, he catches sight of thirteen bots with their lasers pointed at Iron Man, and Steve’s breath freezes in his lungs. He leaps forward but he’s too late.Steve shouts out a warning and the bots fire, hitting Iron Man in the chest with a brilliant crackle. Iron Man takes it, the lights in his eyes flickering off momentarily before lasers cleave through all thirteen, effectively ending the battle. Steve feels his breath come back to him and he’s shoving the bots out of the way, unable to tear his eyes away from the melted metal around Iron Man’s chest, the ghastly flicker of the arc reactor strangely worrying.“Tony!” Steve calls, kneeling down beside him. He’s furious and impressed and he wants to pick Tony up and shake him. Tony shakily sits up himself, shoving up the faceplate with a grimace. He smiles up at Steve, brilliant and manic and painful and Steve suddenly wants to gather him in his arms and never let go. He instead helps him to his feet.Tony winces but, with Steve’s help, makes his way out of the ring of bots. Clint and Natasha are waiting for him, Clint catching Tony’s hand in a high five. The Hulk is bouncing one of the bots like a basketball, tossing it up to Thor who hits it with Mjolnir back at him. Steve calls for them to assemble so they can return to the Helicarrier for the latest debriefing.Steve keeps an eye on Tony all through the ride back, noting how he’s favouring his left side, fingers a static motion over his thigh. Steve wants to ask, wants to know, but Tony is in a deep conversation with Clint over the use of acid arrows and how bad an idea that is. They return to the Helicarrier and Tony disengages the armour, it sticking to his chest momentarily before sliding off, revealing the black clad bodysuit. Steve catches Tony when he stumbles, worry creasing his brow.“Are you sure you’re okay?” he asks.Tony looks up at him and grins, but it’s wrong on his face. “Yeah. Yeah, I’ll be fine. Just need to run down to the lab for a hot minute.”Before Steve can respond, Fury walks by, eye narrowed at the group of them. “Debrief, room seven. Now.”Struggling to stand up straight, Tony meets Fury’s glare. “I just need to run down to the lab, just a small moment really, and I’ll –”“You most of all, Stark,” Fury snaps, and waits till Tony is walking away from him, before following. Steve bites at his lip and throws off his cowl, following the rest of the team into the room. Tony drops into one of the chairs, face surprisingly pale. Steve catches the seat across from him as Fury starts in.The meeting escalates when Fury brings up Tony’s disregard for orders, how he took down thirteen bots without notifying SHIELD or the rest of the Avengers. Steve finds his initial worry for Tony overflowing, and suddenly he’s in a shouting match with the man, leaning over the table to get as close to Tony as he can. Tony gives as good as he gets, shouting nonsense about time and equations and Steve wants to shake him again.“You can’t be that reckless! Who knows what those bots could’ve done to you? Taking those kinds of risks will get you killed,” Steve snaps, his fingers curling in his gloves. Tony’s face pales momentarily before colour blossoms high in his cheeks.“And you think that I would risk my own head like that? I understood the risks, Rogers, I understood the math, and I’m sick of this third –” Tony chokes off, eyes going wide, and his hand slams against the arc reactor.The arc reactor that has gone dark.All the colour leeches from Tony’s face as he crumples to the floor, catching his shoulder on the chair as he falls. Steve leaps over the table, Clint already kneeling at Tony’s side and panicking as he tries to keep Tony’s eyes on him. Steve falls to Tony’s other side, removing Tony’s fingers from the arc reactor and Tony makes a pained noise, thrashing as his eyes squeeze shut. Steve thinks he hears the word ‘Obi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

