Chapter 1: The Attack on New York
    




Chapter Text
Cecilia was 9 when aliens rained down from the sky. The people were screaming and running, but Cecilia didn’t know what was going on.Her uncle Graham grabbed her wrist and pulled her towards the metro, where people were taking cover, but they were cut off by some of the aliens. Cecilia screamed as it aimed its weapon at them and the group of people near her. She couldn’t see what happened next as the people shuffled around and she tripped, her wrist being pulled from her uncle’s grip.“Uncle Graham?” She called out. She got to her feet, her knees stinging. She looked around wildly, the crowd around her started to all move, but Cecilia couldn’t see her uncle. “Uncle Graham?!”She was left standing alone in the street, the city still falling apart around her. “Uncle Graham? Where are you?” She spun around, looking for him. She spotted his shirt nearby, and ran towards it. What she found, she wished she’d never seen. Her Uncle was lying on the ground, shirt burnt in a hole in the middle of his chest. His kind brown eyes were staring up at the sky, frozen in a look of horror and fear.“Uncle Graham?” Cecilia asked in a whisper. She dropped to her knees at his side, tearing open the raw skin. She shook his shoulder but he didn’t move. “Uncle Graham? Get up, please. We need to go.” Tears started to run down her face.There was a sound behind her, and she turned. It was another alien. It was gambling towards her, its weapon raised.Cecilia grabbed her uncle’s arm. “Uncle Graham, come on, we really need to go now.” She pleaded. She closed her eyes tight as the weapon was raised. Before anything could happen, Cecilia was lifted off the ground as someone grabbed her. Her eyes flew open and she was looking over her rescuer’s shoulder. She couldn’t see their face. “Uncle Graham! No, no, take me back, he needs to come with me. He’ll wake up.” She begged the person carrying her.“I’m sorry, sweetie, but you need to be safe.” The person, a woman, said. They stopped at the top of the metro stairs. The woman put her down on the ground and looked at her. “It’ll be okay. You’re safe now.”Cecilia wiped some tears off her face, knowing new ones replaced them. She sniffled. “Thank you.” She muttered. She fumbled with her wrist and took off a charm. She handed it to the woman, who smiled at her kindly and took it.“Thank you.” The woman put it in her pocket. “Now, I want you to find an adult there, and stick with them. Once this is over, go find someone to help you find your family.” She instructed.Cecilia nodded. She turned around and latched onto the nearest adult, who was a middle aged woman with another child a bit younger than Cecilia. The woman put her free hand on Cecilia and led her inside.Hours later, the city started to pick itself back up. Around central park, tents went up for those who had lost their homes or were separated. The woman with her child, who had introduced herself as Emilia, brought Cecilia there. She was escorted to an area with other children and asked to give her parents’ number. Her mom came to get her within the hour, Kate clinging to her.“Cecilia, there you are. We were so worried. Where’s your Uncle?” She asked, looking around for him.Cecilia rushed forward, wrapping her arms around her mom and burying her face in her mom’s hip. “I just want to go home. I want to see daddy.”Eleanor knelt down next to her daughter. “Your dad was hurt during the attack. I’m sorry, he can’t be here.”Cecilia shook her head. “No, I want daddy.” She pouted.“I’m sorry, darling, but he’s gone.” She said, patting Cecilia’s shoulder. She stood up and took her hand, leading her away. Cecilia rubbed away the tears on her face, hiding the tears tracks from her mom. From there, the three walked away, starting a new life of just the three of them. Their mother, Eleanor, and the two twins, Cecilia and Kathryn. What was left of the Bishop family.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Kate's Twin
Everyone Needs A Hug
During the snap
Fix-It
Author needs a life
Vigilante

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

