Work Text:
They’re crowded sullenly together in the lounge. Steve’s not sure who turned the television on, but there are certainly a lot of stations broadcasting coverage of the battle they just fought. The primary interest, though, seems to be in the way the team had nearly come to blows about ten minutes in. Steve watches the little screen version of himself turn and yell at Iron Man, whose reaction is hidden by his faceplate. Screen-Thor pushes between the two of them and throws Mjolnir. It passes right through the creature and crashes into the building behind, which was apparently what Tony had been trying to explain in the least helpful way possible. Some days they get along fine, and on others Steve thinks that they may never understand each other. Even when they know what the mission is, even when they agree on the plan, they end up at cross-purposes. And then they end up on television. 
The channel-hopping stops on a man with an oddly coloured tan, talking to a woman who is apparently somewhere else in the country. There’s a box around her face, with her name underneath and ‘Los Angeles.’ The man is saying, “What do we really know about these so-called-heroes? Here to discuss that, we have Renee Morris, whose book ‘Avengers Uncovered’ is due to be published in the summer.”
Bruce asks, “What did he say?”
They drop back into silence because the woman is already talking. “-even putting aside Tony Stark, reportedly left out of the original line-up due to concerns about his stability. This is a team with a former Russian spy – now she claims to be a convert, but we all remember the news stories about sleeper agents. That’s one trained killer with dangerously uncertain allegiances, and another who spent his childhood in institutions and then quite literally ran away to join the circus without finishing high school. A creature, which no one seems to be able to control-”
Tony announces, “Right. Done with this,” and stalks out of the room.
The rest of them stay. The woman on the television is now saying, “-criminals and aliens and monsters. These are supposed to be the people protecting us? Defending our freedoms? What’s going to happen when we need to be defended from them?”
Steve hates this decade, this time. It’s not just because of the things the woman is saying, and the effect it’s having on Steve’s already fragmented team. It’s the way that people might believe her. It’s the way she may not be entirely wrong. When Steve asked Tony, months ago, why the people now are so mistrustful, Tony had rattled off, “Watergate, Iran-Contra, Gitmo, Enron…” Steve knows there had been scandal and corruption in his own time too, but he had trusted that the government were trying to do their best. Tony talks about Senators the way he talks about used-car salesmen. Steve has barely caught up with that history but he has a sense of why Jane keeps paper notes tucked into her jacket away from SHIELD eyes, and why Bruce comes back from sessions at medical even more tense than before. 
Except that the Avengers aren’t a threat because Natasha’s Russian, or because Clint grew up on the road. Natasha is watching the television screen without betraying anything on her face. But she’s leaned right up shoulder-to-shoulder with Clint, close as the two of them can make it. Clint shows a little more; his face is pale, and his hands are folded tight against his leg. 
Steve guesses this wasn’t what they were expecting when they joined the team. He, at least, is a little more used to being in the public eye, although it was never anything like this. He should say something. But the woman keeps talking and now she’s saying, “Captain America, who falsified enlistment documents-.”
The screen flickers once, and suddenly Tony is talking through the television speakers. Steve assumes it’s just them, but on the screen the presenter and the woman jump. Tony says, “Do not adjust your sets. We are controlling transmission. Well. I am.” The picture splits, so Tony’s face appears in the corner of the screen, above the woman’s.
The presenter coughs, and tries to regain control. “Tony Stark. Good evening.”
Tony’s smile has no humour in it. “Good evening. You were talking about us; I thought you might appreciate a representative. Fair and Balanced, after all. And Ms Morris was kind enough to give me an opening.”
The woman coughs. “We have a free press, Mr Stark. And the fact that you and your team are so threatened by that is just the sort of thing that makes people like me nervous. That’s why I decided to write the book. People should know-”
Tony says, “We have a free press, and we have free speech. Which means that if you want to come on here and say that you don’t like me, you can go right ahead. I promise, I’ve heard it all before. But we’re not actually talking about that right now. I’m just a little curious where you got some of that information from.”
“I’m an investigative journalist-.”
Tony cuts her off, his voice hard. “Some of that crap was pr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Shameless Id Fic
declarations
Team Dynamics
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

