Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Now
Empty settlements are ubiquitous on Jötunheimr. That is, the ruins of them are. As Loki flits between once-cities, searching for a temple to his liking, he  encounters in each a spectacle of broken, half-leveled buildings, uneven walls of cracked ice – vast crevasses in the ground and over everything a thin covering of ash. Whatever restorations managed, whatever number of frost giants recovered since the great war with Asgard, Loki undid all and then inflicted damage twice as terrible and cut down a number twice as devastating in the few moments he'd forced the Bifröst's gaze over Jötunheimr's vast blue plains. Loki wants to build a towering pyre and weep before it in horrified grief while its flames lick the sky. He wants to knock over such a pyre and avidly watch all of this despicable and despised realm melt and burn.The current reconstruction and re-population goes slowly without their Casket of Ancient Winters, but progress is yet apparent. Loki avoids the laborious up-cropping of fresh buildings, the tribal meetings wherein hierarchy is being redrawn in blood, and most particularly Helblindi sitting straight-spined on Loki's throne. When Loki presses a bare hand against the ground, he can hear the chatter between tribes and individual Jötnar; vague plans spanning for centuries, the hushed but ever present grumblings for revenge, and more mundane aches and groans. Winter-song is an imprecise means of communication, utilizing impressions over words and efficiency over eloquence. But unless warmongering Aesir arrive uninvited on their lands and demand their attention in the spoken All-Tongue, it suffices.Hours or days later, as Loki wanders yet another far-off settlement, he feels the muted pulse of a holy place. Meters below the ground he finds the caved-in entrance. Ymir himself may have walked it for how ancient the brittle air feels against Loki's skin. There is damage to the temple, although the crooked beams still hold the ceiling against centuries of new snow and the mosaic floor is well preserved, but the damage is old – older than Loki's doing, older than Odin's, and caused by abandonment rather than assault. The winter-song is faint for leagues in every direction, and every shadowed corner Loki checks is empty of spying eyes.  The ice glows wherever Loki presses his palm.Yes. This temple will do.The pity is that Loki would have left well enough alone. He'd at last dismissed Jötunheimr as a means of redemption, if ever his bitter thoughts sweetened enough to yearn for it anew. He'd come to some strange, uneasy peace within himself – was content to while his time wreaking havoc that fell far short of genocide. He'd found new allies who cared not of the royal machinations of a distant realm and who appreciated Loki's cleverness, did not despair his magics. It was a tightrope existence, yes, but one Loki could've walked for eons, should no new weight seek to unbalance him. But that is then.That is before Latveria and the children's book hidden in a castle library, a book that changed everything. That day Victor had been his usual tedious presence, engaged in some droning lecture on his growing doubt that Loki shared his commitments. There'd been some disparaging of Loki's frequent disappearances, the expected bemoaning of Loki's overly-complicated plans in which Loki too quickly loses interest. Or that may have been a previous lecture, or some combination of several; Loki's attention was intermittent. Victor had been mid-word when Loki took his leave, had followed Loki through the castle hallways still lecturing, and had only allowed himself to be interrupted when Loki locked the library door in Victor's face.Calmly – for none save the stretchy scientist ever seemed able to rattle him – Victor had said, “You are being purposefully unreasonable to irritate me.”Loki had answered, “Only in equal measure to how you bore me, darling.”And there, hidden in a bookcase underneath a stack of ancient mythology, Loki found it. The temple thoroughly warded against any outside presence, Loki carefully calls upon the Casket of Ancient Winters. He sets it on the broken stump of a central pedestal, the top of which would have once loomed five feet over his head and now is level with his eyesight when he kneels before it. Next to him, he places the book. It is Vanir in origin, each thick page covered in flowing, brightly colored illustrations that tell a series of tales without a single word of text. There is magics in the ink; when he traces fingers along the lines phrases come unbidden into his mind. How it came to be on Midgard Loki has no idea and little interest in knowing. He has, since the book's discovery, been interested in little else but the last story, which tells the tale of how the golden realm defeated the frozen one. When Loki traces again the first illustration, of a glowing box held by a great, monstrous figure with deep red eyes, Loki thinks and hears and knows,
Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Angst
Pseudo-Incest
Community: norsekink
mute!Loki
sö mäny ümläüts
Norse Mythology - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

