Chapter 1





Chapter Text
PrologueSteve stood with Sam, his hands shoved in his pockets to keep from fidgeting. Natasha told him to meet her at Fury’s grave, but she wasn’t there, and Steve was full of nervous energy. His cheekbone had healed itself three days ago and his ribs reattached themselves to where they should be inside his chest two days after that, and still he was stuck in DC, and Bucky was who-knows-where.“So, you’ve experienced this sort of thing before?”Steve turned at the sound of Fury’s deep voice, and there he was, strolling up in a hoodie and sunglasses. A far cry from his usual menacing black trench coat and eye path.“You get used to it,” Steve said wryly, glancing down at the grave in front of him.“We’ve been data mining Hydra’s files,” Fury said. Steve’s heart thumped louder in his chest at the word Hydra, his breath came a little tighter. “Looks like a lot of rats didn’t go down with the ship.”Steve took a deep breath through his nose, like his mom taught him back when he used to feel an asthma attack coming on, and said nothing. He had no obligation to fight Hydra anymore. Or at least, that’s what Sam said repeatedly over the last few days.“I’m headed to Europe tonight,” Fury said. “Wanted to ask if you’d come.”Steve glanced at Sam, whose eyes were wide, waiting to see what Steve would say.“There’s something I got to do first,” Steve answered.“How about you, Wilson?” Fury asked. “Could use a man with your abilities.”“I’m more of a soldier than a spy,” Sam said.“Alright then.” Fury looked down at his grave again, and then offered a hand to Sam. Sam shook his hand, and Steve followed suit. “Anybody asks for me, tell them they can find me right here.”“You should be honored,” came a voice behind Steve, and he turned away from Fury, his heart leaping in his chest when he saw Natasha was carrying a folder under one arm. “That’s about as close as he gets to saying thank you.”“Not going with him?” Steve asked, walking towards her.“No.” Natasha smirked.“Not staying here?” Steve said, knowing the answer the question already.“Nah. I blew all my covers, I got to go figure out a new one.”“That might take a while.”“I’m counting on it,” Natasha said. After spending so much time together as everything fell apart around them, Steve could finally read the laughter in her eyes. “That thing you asked for,” she said, and the smile slid off her face. “I called in a few favors from Kiev.”She handed Steve the folder and he stared down at it. It felt a little like he was holding his entire world in this small beige folder.“Will you do me a favor? Call that nurse.”“She’s not a nurse,” Steve said, looking up at her. This was familiar territory, at least: thinking about Bucky while talking about a girl.“And you’re not a SHIELD agent.”“What was her name again?” Steve asked.“Sharon,” Natasha responded. “She’s nice.”Steve knew this was Natasha’s way of saying goodbye—or at least, see you later—but he couldn’t stop thinking about the folder in his hands. He wasn’t sure what was showing on his face but it must have been something, because Natasha leaned forward, grabbed is shoulder, and planted a light kiss on his cheek. He looked at her quizzically, but she was already turning to walk away.“Be careful, Steve,” she said. Then she turned towards him and her face was completely serious, no laughter in her eyes. “You might not want to pull on that thread.”But like a magnetic force was dragging him to it, Steve looked down at the folder in his hands and opened it. Bucky’s face, his eyes closed and hair long, sat behind a cold blue sheet of glass, and clipped to the bottom of the picture was the Bucky Steve had known. His sergeant’s hat just slightly askew and his mouth half open as if he was about to tell Steve off for doing something stupid.“You’re going after him.” Sam was looking over Steve’s shoulder.“You don’t have to come with me,” Steve said, knowing Sam wasn’t asking a question.“I know,” Sam said. “When do we start?”
Chapter 1Steve wanted to board the first plane and fly straight to wherever Bucky was holed up, but that was not the kind of intel Natasha gave him. No, what she gave him was much, much worse.Sam finally took the file away while Steve was dry heaving over his toilet with tears running down his face. “Hey, Steve. Breathe. In and out, copy my breathing.”Sam’s hand was solid and grounding on his shoulder and Steve forced himself to look into Sam’s calming brown eyes. Deep breath in through the nose, deep breath out through the mouth. Slowly, his chest stopped heaving and he sat up, leaning against the bathtub. “You want to talk about it?” Sam asked. He hadn’t read the file. Steve wouldn’t let him.“They tortured him,” Steve whispered. His voice sounded very small. “They—more than torture. They erased him.” Steve’s whole body shuddered and his breath hitched in his throat. Sam grabbed a glass of water from the counter-top and handed it to Steve, and Steve drank gratefully. Sam waited until Steve had fin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Heart-to-Heart
mention of suicide
Panic Attacks
Steve and Bucky actually talk to eachother

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

