Work Text:
“Gotta say, I really didn't peg you as the family man kinda guy,” Tony hummed, accepting the pair of pyjamas Clint handed over the couch to him.“Well, that was sort of the point,” Clint replied. “The less people know about them, the safer they are.”“That's got to be a hard way to live.”Clint just shrugged at him. “You find someone you love more than you love yourself, you do anything to protect them, even if that means protecting them from yourself every once in a while.”“Hmm,” Tony nodded. “How did Mrs. Barton handle the whole Loki mind control stuff?”“Better than I did,” Clint told him honestly, and then crossed the room to grab a few extra pillows and blankets out of a cupboard. “I didn't want to go near the kids for a while, in case he was still in my head somehow. It was... not a good time for me, or them.”“But you're doing better now.”“It doesn't go away. The fear, the guilt, it's all still there. You just... learn to live with it, I guess,” Clint sighed, handing the blankets and pillows over. “You're sharing a bed with Cap, by the way.”“You know, I've got a pretty good, non-SHIELD issued therapist if you -” Tony paused, realising what Clint had just said. “Wait, I'm what?”“Laura's orders,” Clint smiled ruefully. “We don't have enough room for everyone to have a bed to themselves, so you've got to double up.”“I'd rather double up with Bruce than -” Tony sighed and rolled his eyes. “But, of course, he's shacking up with Natasha, isn't he?”“Even you figured it out?” Clint whined. “How did I miss the fact that they're getting it on? Natasha is my best friend!”“I don't think they're actually getting it on yet,” Tony shrugged, heading for the door. “If I know Bruce, and I do, the poor guy will be cock-blocking himself as we speak.” Holding his little pile of stuff up in thanks, he added, “Tell your lady it's her fault if you find me strangled to death in the morning.”“I'll bury you next to my old favourite cow.”---“Can we please be grown ups about this?” were the first words out of Steve's mouth when Tony slipped into the spare bedroom they would be sharing.“You mean you don't want to build a blanket fort, have pillow fights, and talk about boys?” Tony replied, dropping his pile of blankets and pillows onto the end of the bed. “I'm not the one in my tighty whities, Cap.”It was true. Tony assumed that none of Clint's clothes had fit him, so Steve had stripped down to a wife beater and his underwear to sleep in. The guy's muscles had muscles; how were the two of them supposed to sleep in a single bed?“You know what?” he sighed, picking a pillow up and tossing it onto the ground. “It's fine. I'll sleep on the floor and you can -”“Tony, don't,” Steve shook his head, and then seemed to realise how quickly he'd replied. His cheeks spattered a pale pink as he glanced down at the ground. “I just... if you want to, of course. It's not the first time I've slept in close quarters with another man, after all.”
Tony bit back a childish “oooooohhhhh” and instead settled on a respectfully inquisitive look, not wanting to rock the proverbial boat of a friendship they seemed to be toeing around. Steve shrugged.
“I had a friend back before the ice,” he murmured. “It used to be cold in our apartment; we could only afford one bed. It's fine, is what I'm saying. We can manage, right?”“O...kay,” Tony agreed, dragging the word out as he tilted his head to the side.
Snatching up Clint's borrowed pyjamas, he turned away from Steve and began to undress, feeling strangely exposed like he never really did while taking his clothes off. He heard the sheets rustle behind him and realised Steve must have been getting into bed; with a final tug, he tied the drawstring at the front of the pyjama pants and stretched a little, seeing how everything felt. The t-shirt was a little tight across the chest and the pants were a little long in the leg, but not too bad overall.

Turning back to the bed, he tried not to stare too long at the way Steve's hair stuck out against the pillow like he was a little boy, and instead moved forwards. After a moment of hesitation, he scooped his pillow up off the floor and slid into the bed. It was a tight squeeze; after a moment of awkward shuffling, they both realised the only way they would be remotely comfortable would be for Steve to spoon up against Tony's back.
“Sorry,” Steve muttered against the back of Tony's neck, “I need to get my arm -”“Go for it,” Tony replied, shifting his own arm so Steve could wrap his around him. “It's fine, just – there you go.”
Sighing almost instantaneously, they settled against each other properly. Steve was tense against Tony; he awkwardly patted the arm wrapped around his waist to prove that there was really no harm done.
“Relax, Cap,” he murmured, trying for light and friendly. “When was the last time you slept? We need everyone at their best tomorrow so we can figure this mess out.”“I know,” Steve whispered, his breath ghosting over the back of Tony's neck agai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Missing Scene
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
First Time
Frottage
Hand Jobs
Sharing a Bed
Clint Barton's Farm

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

