Work Text:
Steve slowly comes awake when he feels Tony’s fingers on his wrist, light at first and then more firmly as his arm is pulled above his head. Sleep calls for him to come back, addicting as any drug, but he’s curious now, shaking off the remnants of a dream he can no longer remember. Tony reaches over him and grabs his other arm, pulling it up until both wrists are held together. And then he feels the cuffs, soft leather catching at his skin. He keeps his breathing even, keeps his thoughts centered on the fact that this is Tony, that he is not in any danger. Tony slides over him, his skin warm and the arc reactor a reassuring press against his shoulder. The other handcuff loops over and around Steve’s wrist and he’s caught, he’s pinned, and Steve lets himself relax.There’s no movement from Tony now, still pressed along his side. Steve can feel Tony’s eyes tracing over his face, and he slows his breathing further, feigning sleep to the best of his ability. Tony shifts against him, a smooth slip of skin against skin, and presses a soft kiss against the shell of Steve’s ear. And then he takes his warmth with him, the bed dipping and smoothing out as Tony moves about the room.Barely resisting the urge to peek, Steve shifts his arms to gauge how caught up he is. The cuffs are standard issue, he can tell from the make, which means Tony doesn’t want to keep him pinned, just occupied. The fact that he’s doing this while Steve is asleep means something, something important, but Steve gets sidetracked by Tony returning to the bed. It dips down against his side, and he hears a familiar snick of a lid being flipped open.He knows where this is going.Willing himself still, Steve strains his ears, catches the sound of the lube being squeezed onto Tony’s fingers, catches the hiccup of Tony’s breath as he obviously starts stretching himself, catches the lift and fall as Tony grinds back on his own fingers. Steve barely represses his need to cast away the charade, to break the cuffs and pin Tony down and make him scream. Tony’s thigh presses against Steve’s ribs, the fine tremble transferring over to Steve with every movement Tony makes. There’s another soft gasp, another finger obviously added, and Steve forces himself to breathe.Tony says something, something that is obviously a garbled version of Steve’s name, and Steve wonders blankly what he’s doing now, wonders how many fingers he’s got buried in himself, wonders if he’s going to get off without even waking Steve up. The need to stay still is killing him and Tony moans out another curse, his movements becoming just a bit more frantic.And then Tony is straddling him, the sheet shoved down to make room for him, and Steve knows he’s hard, it’s kind of difficult not to be, and Tony leans forward on his chest, lubed fingers brushing over his nipple.His voice shakes. “I know you’re awake.”Steve opens an eye and Tony smiles at him, pupils blown black with desire and he rocks back against Steve. Steve stutters out an answer, “Woke up the minute you moved my arm.”Tilting his head down, Tony catches Steve’s lips. Steve struggles momentarily against the cuffs, knows he could break them without really trying, and Tony slides his hands up and over Steve’s straining arms. He kisses harder, faster, licks into Steve’s mouth like he can’t get enough.  Steve lifts his legs, creating a cradle for Tony to push back against, and Steve lets out a surprised gasp when his cock catches on the flat plastic of a plug stuffing Tony’s hole. Tony breaks the kiss. “So you can’t rush things. And I know, I know you can break the cuffs, but bear with me, all right?”There’s a question in the back of Steve’s throat, a need to know, but Tony kisses him again, distracts him with his tongue and his teeth. Steve feels the flutter of Tony’s hands over his wrists, catching against the leather and he bucks up, his cock catching hard on the butt plug. Tony keens against him, shoving back, and Steve throws back his head. Tony sucks kisses into the underside of Steve’s jaw, hands moving to Steve’s chest. He’s still rocking, and Steve wants to get on with it, wants the teasing to end. He widens his stance and bucks again. Tony groans against his skin.“Stop it,” Tony breathes, and Steve ignores him. Tony clings to him, shifting away just enough that Steve’s humping air. Tony kisses him light. “My show, Rogers.” And he reaches back, slicking Steve’s cock. He doesn’t do anything but slide his fingers whisper soft up and down, and Steve wants to pin him down and make him take every inch, press into him until he’s so deep Tony’s shaking with it. But the cuffs around his wrist remind him of Tony’s plea and he stills, hips twitching as Tony slicks him up over and over.Tony straightens, fingers leaving Steve’s cock, and his eyes flutter, arm flexing, and Steve knows he’s twisting the butt plug, can feel the brush of Tony’s knuckles against his cock. Steve closes his eyes, but he can hear it now, the squelch of the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

