Chapter 1: Hunting
    




Chapter Text
Thor and Fandral were the best of friends, had been since their early childhood.
They went to school together, were beaten for misbehaving together, they drank together and lately they fought and won wars together. And, of course, they fucked whores together.
They had gone to Jotunheim for some sport, maybe  to take down one of the infamous Blue Wolves to claim it's pelt, but when they had spotted the little Jotun runt at the edge of the forest their sport for the day had changed for the better.
The runt was pretty enough to look at, a young adult male, its traditional markings of raised skin twirling lovely over it's naked blue upper body. It had black hair that fell past its shoulder blades, the wind playing with its loose strands, and above circled the ram-like white horns that were dusted with gold. It wore white pelts around it's loins fixed in place by a large belt, several small pouches and leather bands as well as a small knife attached to it's sides. It wore no shoes and there were no visible weapons in sight as it was bent and slowly searching the grounds, picking things at random and placing them into a large, gray bag it held in its hand.
Thor looked at Fandral who grinned back at him and nodded.
Fucking lesser beings of different Realms was a young-man sport, and while it was not discussed in polite company it did happen frequently. 
They approached the blue runt nonchalantly and when Fandral said his greeting its head shot up, red gleaming eyes first confused and then widening in fear.
And then the runt had taken off, like a rabbit into the woods, dropping its gray bag into the snow.  
And so the hunt began.
 

Stupid. 
Stupid. 
Stupid.

Loki has been running for the better part of the afternoon, the two whooping and cheering Asgardians close to his heels. He was panting hard and ignoring the vicious stabs of pain in his sides. They had chased him into the large Icen Woods, filled with gray mammoth trees towering into the dark sky above him, the floor uneven and treacherous. The tall mountains to his left crept closer, and Loki knew that he was moving further and further away from his village and with that from any help that could come from a wood-worker, or a hunter or any other Jotun for that matter. 
Nobody went this far into the woods at nightfall.  
Shrubbery and low-hanging branches were whipping his face, he was all alone, he was running out of energy and those two pink-skinned, idiot soldiers were gaining on him.
Stupid.
Everybody knew the stories of what happened to Jotun-runts when rogue soldiers found them wandering alone in the forest. They were tales of horror that his dam told him at the hearth-fires at night, stories to scare little children and grown-ups alike. Unless you were a Warrior standing 4 m tall and carrying your sword, you DID NOT GO OUT ALONE!
Loki cursed under his breath and changed direction abruptly once more, splashing through a cold stream, hoping that one of the Asgardians would slip and fall, maybe even break his neck, and wouldn't that be nice?
He dared a quick glance, and noted that the soldiers were not loosing ground, the opposite in fact.
Fuck. 
Loki was not even supposed to leave his town today, but the healer he was working for has left for a couple of days. It had been a harsh winter and Loki's dam had been hungry and they had no money and food was scarce and he knew where ice mushrooms grew, and damn, damn, DAMN!
He flicked around another corner and leapt over a stone. 
The moment he had seen the two men in colorful clothes and brightly pink skin he had know to run.
Not running was not an option.
Loki came up to a small clearing and he had to make a quick decision, whether to go straight through it, knowing that there was a Lake beyond surrounded by rocks with small caverns he could hide in. The clearing would take him there directly, the way through the forest was much longer, and Loki did not know if he had the stamina to keep going, to run and jump for much longer.
His mind blanked for a moment while his feet continued to move, and then he broke through the bush into the clearing, choosing the short cut. 
It proved to be the wrong decision.
For without the protection of trees one of the brute's weapons proved to be much more efficient and halfway through the open space he could hear it sing as it came towards him, hitting him between his shoulder-blades, striking him down.
Loki fell, the pain shooting through his body as he gasped for air, for a moment paralyzed by the horror that he had been hit. He realized that the warrior had not thrown his weapon at full force or his upper body would likely be shattered, but it meant that they wanted him alive and well, and he did not like the frightening implication that brought along. 
Nope. Not one bit. 
He scrambled back to his feet, his body screaming at him to keep moving and go faster and he got his feet beneath him and tried to run, stumbling as he gasped at the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Fandral/Loki

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Hunting trip
Peasant Loki
asshole thor
Rape/Non-con Elements
Angst
Non-Consensual Bondage
more or less they hunt him and tie him up
Hurt No Comfort
Major Loki!whump
Explicit Sexual Content
Anal Sex
non-con blowjob
no happy ending
Deep throat
super explicit
Sorry Not Sorry

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Fandral/Loki

