Chapter 1: Sixteen days
    




Chapter Text
It had been Sixteen days. In Wanda’s unspoken opinion, Sixteen days too long. Her brother had been gone for Sixteen days. Her twin. Her other half. He had been shot to the ground by the robot that she helped create.  Wanda remembered feeling every single one of those shots ripping through Pietro’s body as if it was her own. She felt his life force bleed away and his heart stop slowly. The moment seemed to stretch and warp in order to seem like hours, years, as Pietro’s body fell to the ground and his breathing stopped. Wanda had crashed to her knees and had let her power build up inside of her, drawing the air around her into her, turning the particules into power. Raw, ripping power that burst out of her in sheer force, destroying the robots down to a molecular level. Wanda remembered screaming out in pain, like a knife had been twisted in her chest. She remembered crying, the sobs completely overtaking her body as they wracked violently through her. Wanda remembered that her imminent sadness had turned into pure rage. Sharp, cutting rage that had cleared her mind enough for her to get up and find the monster that had murdered her twin. She remembered finding Ultron on the ground, his face twisted and melted off as he advised her to leave, get off of Sokovia. Her home. She remembered her eyes going blind with red, her hands gathering her power as she threatened him one last time. She remembered her hands thrusting out and taking out his cybernetic heart. The oil dripping down and off her hands as she said the last words that Ultron would ever hear. “It felt like that.” The light had left his eyes and she had stood up and looked around the burned and empty city, not much of a change of how it had been before. The constant wars and violence that wreaked havoc on the city even before she was born. Now, broken glass and littered building chunks scattered across the streets provided a glimpse of what Sokovia would have been reduced to, regardless of Stark or Ultron. She could almost see the remnants of her old home. What remained of it, anyways.  The crumbling infrastructure that showed where the building had caved in and been destroyed. Suddenly, realization hit Wanda like a truck.  She was completely alone on the rock. Everyone had been on the lifeboats at that point, and Pietro had promised Wanda that he would come back for her. Wanda felt a tear slide down her cheek at the thought of Pietro in the past tense. There was a shift in the air as the city stopped going upwards and stopped. Then, the city fell. It fell straight down, the force of gravity forcing her up as everything around her fell. The feeling was exhilarating, breathless. Logically, Wanda knew that she was connected on coms to everyone and could ask Vision or Thor maybe to come grab her, but another part of her wanted to join her family. Just leave her on the rock to perish quickly and leave little remnant of her life behind. It wasn’t like anyone would miss her.Sadly, her wishes were not fulfilled that day. Vision had flown over and picked her up, carrying her bridal style. She hadn’t tried moving away, instead she just rested exhaustedly in his arms as she was carried down to a quinjet, which brought them to the helicarrier.  Wanda remembered seeing her brother’s body laid down next to Clint. Someone had closed his eyes, and if he had no wounds, someone could believe that he was asleep.  Wanda remembered running over to his body, despite Clint trying to hold her back after he had seen her on the carrier. Wanda had pushed him away and crouched next to Pietro’s unmoving form. She had clasped his hand and brought it to her mouth, placing a kiss on the back of it. She had refused to leave him, even when they needed to board the quinjet. Clint and Captain Rogers had both tried to pry her away from him, but she looked them both in the eye and made her own eyes scarlet. She saw as they both recoiled, albeit Captain Rogers had more than Clint had. Eventually, they brought over a gurney and told Wanda that they would load up him onto the quinjet. Reluctantly, she let them take him, her holding his hand the entire time. Wanda remembered the flight back, someone putting a blanket over her shoulders and giving her some kind of drink. She didn’t drink it. She wasn’t hungry even though she hadn’t eaten or drunken anything in days, since hydra had given her an IV fluid five days prior.Then, a voice. “Wanda, we have to get him off the quinjet, now.” The voice sounded muffled, like it was underwater or like someone had stuffed cotton balls in her ears. “Wanda?”  Wanda’s eyes focused enough to see that it was Clint talking to her. He had worry etched in his face, alongside scratches and burns on it.  “I’m not leaving him.” Wanda said hoarsely. Her throat felt as if someone had  scratched it with glass shards. She hadn’t really spoken since Pietro’s death, after the scream. “No one is asking you to. But we need to tak
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Avengers Team & Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Hurt Wanda Maximoff
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Kind Natasha Romanov
Hurt
We meet other characters eventually
Don’t worry
I should probably drink something

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Avengers Team & Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff

