Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Will you stop being so damn stubborn and just get naked?”
“I would make some comment about your sudden desire for my young, nubile body, but I am too damn exhausted.”
Steve gave Tony a look.  “Thank heavens for small mercies,” he said, and Tony laughed.  It was high and sharp and a little hysterical, but it was definitely a real laugh.  “Come on.  Decontamination.  Now.”  He already had his shirt off, the various layers of body armor and under armor, and, naked to the waist, he went to work on the fastenings of his boots.
“I'm telling you, the suit-”
“I will take that suit off of you in about thirty seconds,” Steve said, his voice calm.  “With, or without your help, Mr. Stark.”  He glanced up, his hair flopping in his eyes, and he shoved it back with a battered hand.  “If you'd like to avoid a real long bout of repairs, you'll handle it for yourself.”
Tony was leaning against the wall, his head hanging forward, his hands loose at his sides.  “Might be worth it,” he admitted, lifting one hand to fumble at the latches of the suit.  “Even though I don't think it's necessary.  This thing has environmental seals that allow me to go into space.  You know that, right?”
“I'm aware of all its bells and whistles,” Steve agreed, tossing his boots into the decontamination pile.  He wasn't sure if the SHIELD staff would be able to get them clean, but at this point, he'd be just as happy never to see them again.  Even the annoyance of breaking in a new pair of boots would be worth never having to smell any of this again.
He was getting mighty sick of things trying to swallow them.  It never ended well for them, or the thing trying to do the swallowing.
“So I don't-”
“Drop your drawers, Stark, and get in the damn shower.”
Tony laughed.  “Kinky, Captain.”  But he was tossing pieces of the suit aside, stripping off various pieces and tossing them on the pile with Steve's uniform.  In a matter of minutes, he was down to the black undersuit and his boots and gauntlets.  Steve looked away.  There was something oddly intimate about that, about the fragments of the suit and the skin tight mesh suit.
He unbuckled his belt and tossed it aside before going to work on his pants.  “You going, or am I carrying you, Tony?”
“Fine, fine,” Tony said, walking past him, all golden brown skin and an easy smirk.  “I woulda thought you'd be a bit more modest than this, to be honest.”
Steve's eyes rolled up, hard enough to risk hurting something, probably his sense of decency or fair play.  “You do realize I've been through basic training, don't you?” he asked, amused.  “The US Army isn't really big on preserving modesty, Tony.”  He sealed the door of the decontamination unit, and triggered it with a slap of his palm on the button.
The super powered jets of hot water hit from all directions, and Tony let out a yelp.  Grinning, Steve snagged a cloth from the bin and started scrubbing.
“There is a difference between being naked with a drill sergeant screaming in your face.,” Tony said, his tone arch, “and being naked with me.  Being with me changes things.”  He leaned in, his head tipping in Steve's direction.  His dark hair was tumbled in his face, his lashes in damp clumps, his grin slightly manic.  He wiggled his eyebrows.  “I make things so much better, Cap.”
Steve stared at him, and then dropped the washcloth over Tony's head.  “Less sass, more suds,” he said, deadpan, and Tony laughed.
“We're still alive,” he said, scraping the cloth off of his head with one hand.  He dumped a healthy measure of soap over his head.  “And my stylist is going to kill me if she finds out what I'm doing to my hair right now.  She is a violent lady and she owns like fifty pairs of scissors.  I survived attack by semi-sentient goo blob, and now I will be murdered by a very angry woman.”
“Maybe you ought to tip a bit better,” Steve said, scrubbing his hair with both hands.  He rinsed it and started over, enjoying the heat of the water.
“I tip exceptionally well, I know better than to stiff the woman who can easily make me look like an idiot for the next couple of months,” Tony said.  He tipped his head back and soaped up his face.
“Tony, that's every woman in your life, you do realize that, don't you?”
“Yes, but some of them are more well armed than others and have less fucks to give.  Pepper and Natasha have something to gain by keeping me alive, at least short term.  Paula, meanwhile, has nothing to lose except a steady customer and stands to gain a much better behaved client base,” Tony said.  “It's a legitimate concern, Cap.”
He glanced over, about to say something smart, when he was caught by the sight in front of him.
Being naked with Tony was a bit different.  Steve stared, uncomprehending, as Tony shifted his weight from one foot to the other, his hands in his hair, working up a good mass of bubbles.  The lines of his back, his shoulders, his hips, his arms, his legs, were all familiar, but now, there was nothing between him and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Nudity
Public Nudity
tropical island
Humor
papparazzi
Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

