Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Sometimes Tony thinks about college. In between remembering every stupid thing he did or said and cringing, Tony thinks about James Fellman, who was in some ways a closer friend than Rhodey. James was the epitome of a tortured genius. He was high-strung, all crazy hair and neuroses and numbers, and when he wasn't staring vacant-eyed at walls or the floor, Tony quite liked him. He was one of the few people who could keep up with Tony and who never treated him like an obnoxious kid brother (like even Rhodey did sometimes). James and Tony used to meet up and be math nerds together, bouncing theories and ideas between them and he was also often happy to talk engineering, too, though his understanding tended to be more theoretical in nature. They would pick through problems they were having with their respective projects a lot of the time, and the results were impressive. Conversation often strayed to non-academic topics and Tony learned quick which ones made James go wild-eyed. These included anything remotely related psychology (to the point that Tony refrained from mentioning his psychology-major girlfriend junior year), friends who weren't Tony (Tony had always gotten the idea that he didn't have any other friends), and his family. Tony had once idly asked him what his parents did for a living, only to see James's jaw clamp shut and for him to look like he wanted to bolt. Tony never mentioned it again.Tony was the arrogant little rich boy and James was the weirdo reject from the math department who hung out with a kid, and they were often seen huddled together, passing papers back and forth while James hissed (as was his wont when he got excited) -- so of course they developed a reputation. Sometimes it got to Tony (who was, after all, a teenager trying to prove himself to adults), but he was doggedly loyal to his friend because James was one of the kindest people Tony knew, and his problems weren't his fault. Their senior year was particularly stressful for James, as it coincided with something else Tony was never able to discover, and the week before spring finals James had a breakdown in the very public math building's lobby. He had to be institutionalized for a while, and the only way Tony found out was because someone asked him, jeeringly, if he had heard what had happened to his friend. He hadn't and the guy had grinned maliciously as he told Tony about the way James had very quietly curled up in a corner and cried like a child until he was taken away. Tony tried to visit him at the hospital, but James had refused to see him and Tony never saw his friend again. Through the MIT alumni gossip mill, he heard a few years later that James hung himself. He didn't leave a note. The other thing that thinking about James reminds him off is the way that Rhodey acted around James -- he'd never said anything outright, but his tone stank of patronization and he seemed to think James could barely wipe his own ass. It's one of the many reasons Tony's always kept his problems to himself, redirecting conversations and deflecting by making as things awkward as possible for Rhodey until he drops it on the occasion it came up. It's not a nice thing to do to Rhodey, but Tony can't bring himself to mind much. What Rhodey would say and do if he found out is not very nice, either.  
*
 Steve frowns. Something has been up with Tony lately and to find him laid out flat on the cot in his lab like this is just more proof. "Tony?" he calls, stopping a few feet away from the cot, "Hey, Tony." Nothing. Tony doesn't even seem to hear him. "Tony, I brought coffee," he tries again, fruitlessly. "JARVIS," Steve says with a frown. "How long has he been like this?" "Two hours," JARVIS says, concern evident in the AI's voice. "He has not moved or spoken since lying down." Ordinarily, it's hard to get Tony to sit down for more than twenty minutes or to shut up for five. "Is there something going on he hasn't been telling me -- us-- about?" Steve didn't think so, but Tony is cagey at the best of times. "Not really," JARVIS says. "He gets like this sometimes. Miss Potts and I have found that touch is the best way to get his attention, by the way." Approaching Tony's cot, Steve studies his friend for a moment. Tony looks miserable and unhappy at a level Steve isn't sure he can relate to (Steve's had boughts of the blues on and off since his mother died but the only time it was maybe this deep was after he woke -- Steve stops the thought in its tracks) and he's worried. Steve sits gingerly on the edge of the cot and leans over to gently runs a hand through Tony's hair. "Hey," he says softly as Tony jerks into awareness. "Are you all right?" Tony blinks up at him, badly hiding his panic before flashing Steve what would usually be a charming smile. "Yeah, I'm fine. Just," he laughs as he stops the progress of Steve's hand through his hair, "tired." That's a blatant lie but Steve lets it slide. "Tony Stark admitting he's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Self Loathing
Bipolar Disorder
Suicide Attempt
References to Suicide
Mental Health Issues
Developing Relationship
Major Depressive Episode
more emotional nastiness than you can shake a stick at

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

