Chapter 1: The uninvited tongues of others
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
And when our mouths are filledWith uninvited tongues of others,And the strays are piningFor their unrequited mothers,Milk that sours is promptly spat.Light will fill our eyes like cats.— Cataracts, Andrew Bird —Belarus: Late Summer 1969—They come in the night and light up the sky with red.The trucks bristling with guns, the armored cars crawling over the cobblestones like lumpy beetles, the motorcycles with their cyclops eyes bright in the night. They make the stars bleed red into mist and smoke, hanging heavy and suffocating in the air, a blanket smothering the village and choking off all hope of escape.The screams are what wake her up from a sound sleep in the cot next to her brother’s, across the room from her parents’ bed and her grandparents’. Her whole family, sleeping in their beds one moment and screaming the next, screaming to rival the screams from outside the window, the screams of her neighbors.It is the screams that wake her, yes, and the fire outside the window, flickering red and yellow, hot and hissing and angry in the night. She is asleep when they come, and then there are screams and fires, and she wakes up to the terror of it all.  No. This is not how it happens. This is not what wakes her up.  She is already awake when the screaming starts, is burrowing into her blankets beside her brother, not in a bed but under it, where it is safer. Tucking her hands and feet inside where it is safer, covering her head with the pillow where it is safer. Trying not to hear the booms that shake the walls and floor, that rattle the windows, that make her chest vibrate like her ribs are dancing.No one is screaming at first because screaming lets the bad people know where you are, lets them know you are alive, lets them know they have not yet crossed you off their list.The screams come after. After she is awake, after she knows that the world is ending, after she has scrambled under the bed at her papa’s direction and dragged her brother close at her mama’s. After the terror has already started. After the night sky turns red and the air catches fire.After the roof falls on top of her grandparents on the other side of the room.Then, the bad people know where they are, know they are alive still, know they are not yet crossed off the list. Then, there is no reason to be silent, and every reason to cry out—to find out if her grandparents are alive, to call and call for them.The screams stop after the door comes off the hinges, after the gunshots sound  rat-tat-tat-tat  in the night, after the hands flip the bed up on its edge, grab her blanket and pillow away, grab  her, drag her away from her crying brother, away from her wailing mama, her shouting papa, her grandparents silent under the rubble.  Rat-tat-tat-tat  go the guns, and  boom go the grenades, and her family goes silent—everything goes silent—as the men drag her out of the house and toss her up into the back of an open truck, where they tie up her arms and legs with rope that cuts into her and comes away red where it rubs into her skin. Where they shove her up against another girl, against her neighbor from three streets down, her neighbor who is crying and shaking, but who is not dead the way her other neighbor is, from across the street, with her neck broken and her eyes like glass.Dead the way her mama and papa surely are. The way her brother must be. And her grandmother, her grandfather. Dead the way her whole village is dead—dead to her, and she dead to them.When the sun comes up over her village, she is one of five girls still alive and crying softly in the back of the truck, bump-bumping along the smoking road, looking through reddened eyes at the piles of broken blocks and the dancing fires that were her home. There are seven dead girls in the truck with them, but only until the truck stops outside the village in the fields, and the men sort through the girls, and dump out the ones that don’t breathe, and then drive off with the rest of them, silent now, and staring.Then next time the truck stops, it pulls up next to a bigger truck, a longer truck, a truck with a thick fabric cover and ropes on the back so that no one will see them huddled inside against more girls from other villages. Later, after hours bump-bumping sleepless and tired and hungry in the dark, with their limbs asleep and painful by turns, and their ropes smeared with red where they bite into flesh, they are pulled out of the truck and lined up, all four of them from the same age group that can still stand without being held up once the ropes are cut. The older girls are left in the back of the truck, and the younger ones who live.There is a massive wood-and-brick house—a palace or a mansion, maybe—with red paint on the walls and a red roof on top, with ledges under some of the windows big enough to fit tables and chairs. It is a house that co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
See endnotes for content warnings
Not Black Widow (Movie 2021) Compliant
Canon-Typical Violence
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Red Room (Marvel)
Black Widow Program
Child Abuse (this is a Red Room fic so naturally)
Child Soldiers
All the little widows
Adorable stabby children
Dehumanization
Interrogation
War zones
Murder
Bombing
Human Experimentation
Deaths of minor but named characters (all of them OCs)

fandom: 
None
