Chapter 1: Darcy & Season 2
    


Notes:
*I own nothing! I had an anonymous request for a Darcy glamping fic.




Chapter Text

“I didn’t realize dance cards were a real little card thing,” Darcy whispered to Jack. “Did you?” She was bored. They were watching the new season of a Regency drama. She had gone over to Sharon’s to watch it, along with Jack Rollins, Cameron Klein, and Jimmy Woo, currently in DC. Jimmy had brought along Scott Lang. She knew they were friends. Darcy had been more surprised that Rollins was there–-the Australian didn’t seem like the type. He was actually sitting next to her now. He grinned as she slid him a cookie.

“Nope,” Jack said wryly.

“Shhhh,” Scott said. He was taking it very seriously.

“Sorry,” Darcy said. She tried to focus on the main couple’s bickering, but her eyes kept drifting to Jack in the dark. His gaze was fixed ahead. He was impossible to read. Was he bored? She was bored. It was impossible to focus on the show with him so close. She was going to need to do something about her ridiculous crush on him. Possibly ask Natasha to cognitively recalibrate her. Or ask R&D about memory wiping. Jack had just ended a long term relationship with a guy named Gavin. He was tall and fit and into athletic guys, not short, indoor women, Darcy thought. She turned back to the TV. The new actresses were charming, but the plot annoyed her. Why couldn’t they talk to one another? She repressed a sigh and looked at Jack again. She was staring when he caught her. He scrawled something on a piece of paper and passed it over. She squinted to read the note in the darkened living room: 

what do you call a fake pasta? 

Darcy turned the square over. 

An impasta. 

Darcy snorted and clapped a hand over her face. It was the worst dad joke, but he was obviously trying to make her laugh. 

“You guys,” Sharon said.

“Sorry,” Jack said. He sounded almost apologetic, but there was a wicked glint in his eye. Darcy lost it then, giggling. Sharon had to pause the TV series. 

“What’s gotten into you?” Cam wondered.

“I’m a bloody bad influence,” Jack said.
 
They’d stopped to refill the drinks and get more snacks when Darcy finally said something. “I’m sorry, this season is boring,” Darcy said, sighing. “I hate it.”

“You hate 

Bridgerton?” 

Cam said, clearly shocked. “Even Eloise?”

“Not Eloise,” Darcy said, wrinkling her nose. “I still love Eloise. I’m just realizing that a big part of the appeal of season one was the Rene Jean Whatsits guy’s cute buttcheeks.” Sharon laughed. 

“Who?” Jack said. 

“The other guy from last season,” Jimmy said, sighing. “He was dreamy.”

“He did have great buttcheeks,” Scott admitted. He mimed the shape. “Very…perky.” He paused. “Not that they were as good as Cap’s. Don’t tell Steve I said that.”

“Right,” Jack said, sounding wry. 

“I’ve never looked at Cap’s….” Cam said, trailing off.

“Seriously?” Scott said. “It’s America’s ass!”

“There was a vote?” Jimmy wondered.

“What don’t you like about this season?” Jack asked her suddenly.

“I do like the dog,” Darcy said, attempting to find a positive. There was a cute dog this season. “But this guy”---she gestured at the lead and his good hair on the paused screen– “he reminds me of Rupert Everett now that they’ve changed his hair and it makes me wish I was watching Rupert Everett in an Oscar Wilde movie instead.” She sighed. Everything was irritating her. 

“I remember 

An Ideal Husband,” 

Jimmy said. “Julianne Moore was fantastic.”

“She’s always great,” Scott said.

“I don’t think I saw that one,” Sharon said. Jack was still just 

looking 

at her, Darcy realized. She always talked when she got nervous. Now she rambled.

“I’m tired of being told that real love is either fighting or fucking all the time. Why can’t there be another obstacle? Like, Kate and Anthony genuinely like each other, but they’ve got no money? Why can’t he fall for the older sister when everyone expects him to be after the younger one because they’re ageist? Everyone could be freaking out because she’s twenty-six instead of all that—that stuff,” Darcy threw out, waving her hand at the TV screen. 

“Okay,” Jimmy said, looking confused.

“Like Priyanka and Nick Jonas,” Scott said, nodding. She seized on it like a lifeline.

“Exactly!” Darcy said. “Everyone made a huge deal out of that!”

“Oh, right,” Jimmy said, expression clearing. “Because she was older.”

“That would be a fun plot. What if they got along all the time? Why can’t they be actual friends with some other issue? Where are the couples who just like each other? Why do people have to fight all the time?” Darcy added. She knew she was media obsessing. “I’m just tired of snark,” she confessed. “It’s actually exhausting being around people who mock things, argue, and insult one another.” Jimmy frowned and looked over at her in concern.

“There was the cheese guy?” Scott offered. “The one who married one of the redheads?”

“I liked that part,” Darcy said. “Sorry, I’m ranting, I know. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
glamping
meet ugly
TripleAgent!Rumlow
Brock misbehaves
Darcy is over snark

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

