Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Matt Murdock
Matthew Murdock, attorney at law, was working late, listening to his secretary, Karen Page, read the jury instructions he’d drafted for the Donnelly case that was set for trial in two days. Karen wasn’t actually there, in the office. She’d left several hours earlier, after announcing she’d finished all of the dictation and filing and was going home at a reasonable hour, for once. Only her voice was there, recorded on the belt of a Dictaphone machine. Matt’s law partner, Franklin “Foggy” Nelson, wasn’t there, either. He departed shortly after Karen left, saying something about a parent-teacher conference at his kid’s nursery school.After listening to the instruction on contributory negligence, Matt paused the playback on Karen’s Dictaphone. Frowning, he read the notes in braille on the desk in front of him. Contributory negligence could be big a problem for their case. He thought for a moment, then picked up the handset for his own machine, intending to dictate some revisions to the instruction. Before he could start dictating, he heard someone coming, and he put the handset down. The revisions would have to wait. He slowed his breathing and stayed very still. A key turned in the lock on the outer door. The door opened with its usual creak, followed by footsteps and the click of the light switch in the reception area. When he was alone in the office, Matt didn’t bother with the lights; he didn’t need them. Besides, keeping the lights off saved money, something that was usually in short supply at the law offices of Nelson & Murdock. With Matt’s office still in darkness, the person in the reception area wouldn’t know he was here. Wheels turned on the hardwood floor, and the person – a woman – muttered under her breath. Matt gave a sigh of relief. It was the cleaning lady, Rosa. He would have to be careful not to surprise her; she was skittish, easily startled. Over the past week or two, she had seemed more nervous than usual, her heartbeat consistently faster than it should be. Matt waited for the familiar roar of the vacuum cleaner to assault his hearing, but it didn’t come. Instead, Rosa’s footsteps headed toward Foggy’s office. There were no sounds of cleaning or scents of cleaning products. Instead, he heard a soft thud, followed by – sobs?Matt gritted his teeth and swore under his breath. “Damn.” The tabloids might call him “Daredevil, the Man Without Fear,” but all the criminals of Hell’s Kitchen couldn’t compete with a crying woman when it came to striking fear in his heart. Still, something was very wrong; that was obvious. She needed his help, either as Matthew Murdock, attorney at law, or as Daredevil. He put on his dark glasses and pushed himself up out of his chair, then crossed the reception area to Foggy’s office, brushing his fingertips across the landmarks and pretending to find his way. He doubted she was looking at him, but you could never be too careful when you were protecting a secret identity. Hoping not to startle her, he made his footsteps heavier than usual.When he reached the doorway of his partner’s office, he found her sitting on the floor next to Foggy’s desk, curled up in a ball and hugging her legs to her chest. He said softly, “Rosa, is that you?”In spite of all of his efforts, she was startled. Her heart rate shot up as she went into “fight or flight” mode. “It’s just me, Mr. Murdock,” he said. “Is something wrong?”More sobs were the only answer. There was nothing to do but wait her out. He went into the reception area and found the box of tissues Karen kept on her desk for distraught clients. Then he returned to Foggy’s office, held the box out to her, and waited. When her sobs finally turned into sniffs, she raised her head and took a tissue from the box. “Thank you,” she said in her heavily-accented English. Her voice was still thick from her sobs. She wiped her eyes and blew her nose, then stuffed the tissue in a pocket of her smock. Matt lowered himself to the floor but didn’t get too close. “What’s wrong, Rosa?” he asked quietly. “You can tell me.”She shook her head. “I can’t.”“You can,” he assured her. “I’m a lawyer. I can be your lawyer, and anything you tell me stays between us.”“I have no money to pay you,” she protested.“You don’t need to pay me. I want to help.”“No one can help,” she said, before her sobs began again. They didn’t last as long this time. When they subsided, she took another tissue and wiped her eyes before saying, “I’m sorry, this is not your problem.”“I can help you,” Matt told her. “Please, tell me. No one can force either of us to divulge what you tell me as your lawyer.”“But they can. They have ways . . . to make people talk.”What the hell? Who was she talking about? And what was he getting himself into? He shrugged. Too late now, he was already involved in . . . whatever this was. “Just tell me,” he urged her. “We’ll figure it out.”She didn’t answer him for several minutes. He could almost sense her need 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page
Matt Murdock/Karen Page
Duncan Maclain/Sybella Ford Maclain
Duncan Maclain & Samuel "Spud" Savage

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - 1950s
Cold War
Soviet Union
KGB
russian spies
Spy Story
Space Race
rocket scientist
Blindness
Blind Characters
Canon disabled characters
Secret Identity
FBI
minor original character death
Smoking
Period-Typical Sexism
Period-Typical Racism
Period-Typical Ableism
Period Typical Attitudes
Canon-Typical Violence
Pre-Karedevil
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page
Matt Murdock/Karen Page
Duncan Maclain/Sybella Ford Maclain
Duncan Maclain & Samuel "Spud" Savage

