Chapter 1: Friendly Neighborhood Arc: Humble Beginnings
    




Chapter Text

  Who am I? Are you sure you want to know?    
  A yellow bus waited outside a school, the inhabitants chatting away loudly as every student began to take their seats. The driver looked annoyed as he gazed outside the window, getting ready to take the brats to their destination.  
  The story of my life is not for the faint of heart.    
  A blonde boy huffed as he took his seat next to one of his friends, his palms crackling with explosions and his expression bored as he listened to his cronies talk.  
  If somebody said it was a happy little tale... if somebody told you I was just your average ordinary guy, not a care in the world... somebody lied.    
  A man who looked to be in his 30s strolled up to the entrance of the bus as he looked at his clipboard, oblivious to his surroundings.  
  But let me assure you, this, like any story worth telling, is all about a dream.    
  The teacher climbed inside the bus and began to count heads as he frowned. He counted the student’s heads again as his expression became annoyed  
  Specifically, a dream of becoming a hero.    
  The teacher sighed as he looked down on his clipboard once again and began to scribble something.  
 But all men are not created equal. This was the reality I learned about society at the young age of four. That was my first and last setback.    
  The bus driver threw a questioning look over to the teacher as he nodded and the bus driver got ready to drive.  
  I’d like to tell you that that’s me over there.   

   
 A boy near the front of the bus smirked, his muscles bulging and his uniform tightening as he showed off his quirk in front of a smiling girl next to him.  
 Heck, I’d even take him.    
  A boy with a plank of wood as a face chowed down on some of his snacks as he belched loudly. The bus began to drive away as a loud yelp echoed across the area.  
 Unfortunately… 

   
 A boy with green hair and freckles cried in terror as the bus began to go without him. The boy stuffed a burnt notebook into his bag as his eyes darted around in panic.  
 … That’s me.    
  His red shoes thumped against the ground as he ran and waved his hands around to try and get the bus to stop. The bus driver smirked and stepped on the gas a bit more as the greenette ran, barely keeping up with the bus as he knocked against the bus’s windows. “Hey! Stop the bus!” The greenette yelled as he waved his hands frantically, the entire bus laughing at him as he tried to keep up with the moving vehicle. “Please! This isn’t funny!” The greenette yelled some more, a bit of tears coming out of his eyes as he banged on the bus’s windows This went on for a while until a certain person had enough. A blonde boy huffed and glared at the bus driver as he stood up and yelled in annoyance. “Let him the fuck on already! He’s been chasing since Akatani Avenue! The nerd’s gonna fucking pass out and die at this point!” The blonde boy yelled as the bus driver sighed and braked to stop the bus. The green-haired boy wheezed, sweat pouring down his face as he gasped for air, his hands on his knees as he opened the bus’s door. There were snickers as he made his way onto the bus. The greenette looked around for an empty seat as he stared at his classmates.  Their reactions ranged from ‘Sorry dude, can’t do that’ to ‘As if I’d let you sit down with me freak’. The boy sighed as he walked along to the back, his hands clutching his backpack. He strode forward and made eye contact with the blonde boy who simply sneered at him. The freckled boy gulped as he took another step forward. Unfortunately, his leg got caught on something as he tripped forward, landing on the bus’s floor face first. He groaned as he looked back and saw an outstretched foot of a random classmate. The boy shook as he picked himself up and sat down at the back, completely and utterly alone.   ‘I can’t believe it's been 8 months since the Sludge Villain attack.’  The boy thought as he sat down in his chair, unmoving. The boy’s eyes were full of despair as he hoped and desperately wished that this pit of agonizing hate and bitterness would just go away.  
 My name is Izuku Midoriya and this is my story.    
  Izuku was not a stranger to self-hate but ever since Sludge Villain, his hate began to fester into something worse. He was starting to get angry at everyone else, angry at the fact that everyone in the world seemed to just think he was below them. Izuku had tried to repress these feelings, trying to tell himself that it was unbecoming of a hero. But he wasn’t exactly a hero was he? 
 ‘I’m sorry but without a quirk, I’m afraid you cannot be a hero.’  
  ‘I mean logically, he’s right. I didn’t do martial arts or train my body or even learn engineering so I could make a power suit or something. He was just looking out for me. It’d be stupid to even apply for the hero course.’  Izuku thought bitterly as the bus’s passengers talked to themselv
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Vigilante Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku Does Not Have One for All Quirk
Accidental Vigilante Midoriya Izuku
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
None
