Chapter 1: A solider, a billionaire and an agent knock on your door
    


Summary:

When one of your best friends went missing three very recognisable people come knocking on your door. And ask you to help them.



Notes:
Hey!This is my frist workand English is not my first languageI hope you enjoy :)I'll update at least once a week. Till this is finished.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

All rise if I ever get close to ya
All eyes on my every move now
You sang the lyrics with all your heart. Danced with the vacuum cleaner through your short floor. The volume turned up high. Loud music in your small appartement.
I strike fear in the heart of the people
Bow down in the presence of lethal
Yeah, you knew you couldn’t sing to save your live. But damn it was fun! So your neighbours downstairs had to put up with it. You had to put up with their little daughter and her scrams at 2 am. too. And in your defence, you only sang when to sun had risen. Not when everybody wanted to sleep, or at least try to. The girl was lucky to be cute.
If you wonder what to call me
If you're finding that the words are falling short
If you wonder what to call me
You can call me king!
You can call me king of the world!
You cached a glimpse of you in the mirror. Jup your hair was all over the place, there was dust on your sweatpants and your cleaning shirt had a hole. You smiled.
It was your day off, there was good music playing and Nick had promised to bring some cookies. He would kill you, if you would tell anyone, that he could bake. And how he could bake! That man was an award-winning chef if he put his mind to it. And no joke, you would die for his walnut-cookies. But he didn’t like the knowledge about his abilities to spread.
Not that you could have spread them. You didn’t interact in the same circles as him. That was a complete lie. But at least you tried? It worked sometimes more, sometimes less.
Who were you kidding? Your were a walking, talking disaster, a capable disaster, but a disaster nevertheless.
You can call me king!
You can call me king of the world!

Come on, you can try to come at me
In a second you'll be wondering what's happening
Talking about disaster, you should really cover up those bullet holes beside the mirror. With the life you lived and friends like Nick there should be an epic story behind those holes, but there wasn’t. It was you. Who got scared after looking in the mirror at one a.m. and thinking it was an intruder. Yup. Not your proudest moment.
Nick wouldn’t stop laughing at you, after you told him. Bastard. And you had to. When he had seen the holes, he had been very insisting, that you told him how they got there.
Wooo-aaa-ooo-aaa-ooo-aaah
Wooo-aaa-ooo-aaa-ooo-aaah
Knock. Silence. Knock. Silence.
You counted to five and stopped breathing. Music forgotten and on high alert you waited. How a little konck on your door could change your mood, quite rapide.Knock. Silence. Knock. Knock. Knock.Somebody tried to twist the doorknob, simultaneously, your stomach begun to turn. Your reached for your knife. The sun was shining, guns would be too loud.
The silence stretched a little bit too long.
Knock. Knock. Silence. Knock. Knock. Silence. Knock. Knock.
Again a hand on the doorknob. Your mouth was dry. This could take a quite bad turn.
Knock. Silence. You counted till twenty. Knock. Knock. Silence. Knock. Silence. Knock. Silence. Knock.
You breathed out. Typical. Just when you were prepared for a lazy weekend.Hurried you put the knife back and turned the music down. You opened your door. Heart a little heavy with worry already.
Your life could be a joke. You got it. But when you looked at the three men in front of you, you couldn’t stop the chuckle that escaped you.
„A solider, a billionaire and an agent knock on your door and where is the punch line? It is missing. “
You smiled at Phil. His smile was both amused and apologetic.
„Glad I didn’t get threatened like last time“ mused Phil as he pulled you in a hug.
„Sorry to be the bearer of bad news. Again“, he whispered in your ear. You squeezed him once, then you let go.„First of“ you hold one finger up, to make your point. „You remembered how to knock on my door. Second“ a second finger joined your first „it is kind of suicidal to turn you back to a door, when you knocked on it. Especially this one. Especially, when you knocked wrong.“It seemed the billionaire and engineer had found his voice again.
„Sorry to interrupt this lovely…reunion?“ He waved this hand through the air and adjusted his tinted glasses.„But we were told, that you could help us.“ You saw the sceptical look he gave you. Oh boy. Where you gonna have fun with him.
You smirked and acknowledged the other two men for the first time.„I doubt, that you are sorry. But you have a point.“ Your heartrate picked finally up.
„How bad?“ you directed your question to Phil. The only person who you trusted to assess the situation correctly.
„A solid 7 or
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Avengers Team & Reader

freeform: 
Badass!Reader
Agent!Reader
Slow Burn
Phil Coulson & Nick Fury Friendship
Nick Fury is a Good Bro
Protective Phil Coulson
Protective Nick Fury
mission
Missions Gone Wrong
the avengers are oblivious
The Avengers Have Issues
but they are working on it
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Deaf Clint Barton
Disability
no beta we die like women
Domestic Avengers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries
but it's only one chapter it's super brief
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
recovering
the slowest of slow burns

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Avengers Team & Reader

