Chapter 1: Southern Drawl
    


Summary:

Someone is lost, Steven fails, Marc witnesses suspicious activity, Steven watches the best show ever, and Rothschild has the worst moment in his life.





Chapter Text
Marc didn’t have multiple personalities the way most mortals did. While he did originally make an alternative identity due to trauma, he maintains multiple lives through a divine power that gave them to him. Or at least, he believes a divine power gave them to him, he’s never been entirely sure. He had specific methods to switch between the identities, a firm control over who is in front, and constant communication between the souls within. There were weaknesses, like not all their skills transferring between them, but it mattered very little.This delicate balance was entirely ripped apart when he lost his mask.Mister Knight could only be in control if they made that switch, if that identity was consciously allowed through the ceremony of changing into the priestly garb. When S.H.I.E.L.D. took that suit away, Mister Knight was forcibly excised. He wasn’t there. The comfortable bond was severed like a rope with one thread messily unwoven from the cord. It was a photo of a family with all the siblings lined up on the couch, except for a large gap where the guiding eldest brother had disappeared.Marc didn’t even know it was possible. He didn’t  believe  it was possible. How can something so integral completely disappear? So he did everything he could think of.First they simply tried talking to him. The identities mainly spoke to each other mentally, so surely if he didn’t feel like talking, he’d just say so, right? They could feel when someone was uneasy or anxious. He’d just soothe their fears.The questions became pleading and yelling and begging in their brain. No one answered. It was just a void.Each identity had a specific switch. If they didn’t relinquish the reins to each other with their own mental strength, they could switch forcibly through different means. He needs the mask, so they tried masks. They tried the mask of the Moon Knight. They tried making a new mask. They bought masquerade masks, surgical masks, and random costume masks in Halloween stores. Nothing.Pain?Grief?Torture?Turmoil?Nothing could adequately describe this feeling. Nothing could heal it, or make it better. They needed that mask. The mask that kept them from tearing apart.So they would do anything to get it back. Anything to make the switch voluntary.  “Nothing?” Reese was crouched nearby, eyes wide with gentle concern. Steven exhaled through his nose.“Nothing.” He stood and examined the objects before him. Rand was clearly insane, but he had contacted  someone  (whether it was actually Osiris or not) so he had to be on track. Steven had dragged sand into a ring on the ground, surrounded by candles. In front of him was an open notebook and a (ridiculous) amount of stuffed animals. Khonshu had multiple aspects, but he was usually either a baboon or a falcon. Rand’s journal held almost no answers except for melodramatic ramblings on life and death and the energy shared between them.“You look like you’re summoning a demon.” Reese muttered, walking around the circle to extinguish the candles.“I kind of am,” Steven grumbled, picking up the toys. “The Egyptian pantheon isn’t very Jesus-oriented.”Reese snorted, trying to hide a smile. “Well, it didn’t work. What’s next on the list?”Steven stepped over the sand, careful not to disperse it, before immediately realizing his mistake. He squatted down outside the boundary. “We should probably go to the library, see what they have.”“On communicating with ancient idols?” Reese raised an eyebrow to his reach for the notebook, dragging it with one finger until it’s enough within his grasp to close and pick up.“Well, we’ll probably phrase it as how the high priests of old got their orders from their deities. But that also works.”“You don’t have to wear that mask still. I’m not going to tell people what you look like and everything.”Steven bit his lip. They had switched out the pillowcase for the marginally better white cloth, tied around his neck by a pale rope that Reese insisted made him look like he was on the way to the guillotine. He wanted to explain the identities. He wished he could just be  out with it.  How anxious it made him that Mister Knight was gone. How he would wear this every day for the rest of his life if it had a chance of bringing him back. Not even Frenchie knew the importance of retrieving that mask. So he kept insisting he was wearing it around Reese to keep himself safe. 
 It’s not because I want to give as much time as possible for a switch. 
“I’m doing this for a reason,” Steven muttered in a half-truth. “It’s just better if you don’t get too involved.”“Is that why you’re talking differently?”“Why I’m  what?”  Steven bolted upright, turning to make eye contact. Reese paused in sweeping up the sand, suddenly unsure of themself.“Yeah. You have a difference in like…
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Secret Identity
Song Lyric Title
Title from a Foo Fighters Song
Multiple identities
past major character death
Frenchie is still the best character
this story was started before the show
so uhhhh
don't rely on it being canon compliant in that sense
Canon Divergent AU
you gave me two characters that are just the same one?
guess what they gay now
no romantic interest for the main character
They are lesbians
Kidnapping
Minor Violence
Threats of Violence
Trust Issues
Religious Imagery & Symbolism
Religious Conflict
Buried Alive
Panic Attacks
Unhealthy Relationships
Bad Parenting
Dissociative Identity Disorder

fandom: 
None
