Chapter 1



Notes:
Now, I know A/B/O isn't everyone's cup of tea, so I'm not expecting much from this. I just reeeeaaally wanted to write this short fic, so badly! ^.^As for the pseudo science for the dynamics, I got my information from a fic that provided a reasonably detailed explanation for the whole Alpha/Omega business, as well as other A/B/O fics...so please, if you're a hardened fan with expertise, don't yell at me (figuratively speaking) :3 I'm a newbie to this style of fic :3Lots of love, groovy beans, and hope you enjoy this first chapter! :D




Chapter Text
With suitcases and hefty shoulder bags in tow, you waited patiently in the foyer for Steve and Tony to come and greet you. And, ideally, carry your 'luggage' for you. Hauling suitcases through the bustling streets of New York was no easy feat. Super-human strength wasn't your gift, after all. The receptionist smiled sweetly at you; her nostrils twitched very slightly, picking up your strengthening scent."Mine's getting close, too. I always have to take a few days off, " the fellow Omega told you, sympathetically."I'm gonna be a shut-in for three days and avoid leaving the apartment, " you returned her smile, a tiny smirk playing on your lips. She giggled, resuming her typing at the computer on her desk. With excellent timing, Steve and Tony came striding into the foyer, arriving to collect you."Good to see you here at last, Y/N!" Steve welcomed you with amiable warmth, a smile spread across his face."Feels good being here," you grin at the super-soldier."It was only a matter of time. I knew you couldn't resist our rugged charm and glorious hair. Well. More precisely, my  rugged charm and glorious hair." Tony joked."That's exactly it, " you snorted, entertaining Tony's self-aware egotism. "Now, can your rugged charm  come and help me with my stuff?" You inquired."You're asking me when the six foot two super-soldier is right here?" Tony feigned indignance. You and Steve chuckled, said super-soldier leaning down to grab both of your suitcases. While thanking him, you caught his scent; something akin to soap and pancakes. Soothing, but even so close to your heat, it wasn't especially stimulating."You seemed to be advertising yourself. I thought I'd make use of you, " you rallied, adjusting the straps of your shoulder bag."Eurgh. Fine, fine. Here, enjoy this singular demonstration of gallantry-" Tony teased, taking the heavy bag from your shoulder, relieving you of it's aching weight. His scent was mild like Steve's, a whiff of whiskey and engine oil wading into your nostrils. Yet for some strange reason, there was another set of scents in the vicinity, with more 'kick' than Steve or Tony's. Something akin to...blueberry waffles, the pages of a new book and...toast. You avoided focusing on it, as it seemed to stir something in your loins."C'mon, your place is all set up, so we'll go straight up there," Tony said, pulling you from your brief reverie. It was deeply fortunate that nearly all of the Avengers were Betas. This meant no excessive provocation of your hormones and minimal chance of rash behaviour. The Beta-majority were level-headed, were not predisposed to 'targeting' you like many Alphas were inclined to do, and would be able to help you during particularly distressing heats. The only Alphas present in the team were Thor and Bucky Barnes, and only one of these men presented any kind of issue. Thor had been bonded to Jane Foster for some time, which had had a placating effect on him, and reducing the chances of hormonal spikes and intense ruts.Bucky, on the other hand, was an unbonded Alpha having to re-adapt to his presentation after seventy years of forced suppression. While Bucky, himself, was a good-hearted man for a significant portion of the time- the Alpha in him could trigger aggression, make him mercurial and rather territorial.Taking on board an unbonded Omega such as yourself meant establishing precautions- one of these being that both you and Bucky, under no cirumstances, were permitted to be alone together. A Beta always had to be in close proximity. It wasn't just for the sake of your protection, but for Bucky's as-well. If you were threatened enough, wielding the mutant ability you had, you could just as easily kill the ex-assassin.Able to produce shockwaves, ranging from minor jolts to Richter-scale devestation, you were far from vulnerable. If inflicting the same force, that could destroy buildings, on a person- their internal organs would be ruptured in mere seconds.Indeed, both of you posed a potential threat to one another during highly fertile periods. It was vitally important that the rules were abided by. "So you've basically got all the comforts of home, only much more advanced and stylishly decorated," Tony said, swinging open the door to your new apartment, setting your large shoulder bag down. "'Stylishly decorated'? Don't pretend to be refined, Tony, you're the one who has a not-so-private collection of Avenger
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Background Thor/Jane Foster

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha rut
Knotting
Sexual Content
Reader-Insert
Omega Reader
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Sex
Bucky's going to be prowling the Tower for some 'booty'...
some dirty talk
Sam is a hell of a wingman
Steve's just getting real sick of this shit
Oral Sex
Some humour
Clint is surprisingly blase
Unplanned Pregnancy
Bucky's now a total DILF apparently
Crazy taxi drivers
Chaotic birth

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Background Thor/Jane Foster

