Work Text:
"Erik... are you certain?""I'm certain. Not now. The time isn't right.""And who decides when it's time?""I do. I'll decide. It might never happen.""I suppose we'll see about that."*Erik opens his eyes and stares up at the ceiling, unmoving.He must have been sleeping. Dreaming. He doesn't feel as if he's just waking up, though. It feels as if he's been waiting.Not his habit, though. He doesn't lie about; if he's in bed, he's asleep. If he's awake, he's not wasting that time. There's so much planning to do. So much to think about. If he needs more sleep, he can always doze in the passenger seat in the car while Charles drives them to their next set of coordinates, the next mutant on their list.He's never been able to truly rest with someone that close to him before. He supposes it's the closest he's ever been to trust.He should go back to sleep, now, but he's rising. Habit, he supposes, his body going through the motions of his morning routine, automatically opening the metal snaps on the pajamas he wears when they stay at hotels, mechanically tugging off the shirt, letting the bottoms fall from his hips. Maybe he should follow those instincts, give up on sleep for tonight, take his shower, examine the CIA file on Shaw again, plot more coordinates against the map.Only he's turning away from the bath, he's stepping out of his pajama bottoms and heading toward the door, and when he tries in earnest to stop himself, he can't.He must be dreaming, but as vivid as his many nightmares often are, they aren't like this. The pattern of the motel's ugly carpet, the pilled fabric of the bedspread, dust on the television screen-- he wouldn't dream those sorts of details, things he barely noticed before he turned in for the night.The door unlocks, the knob turning under his power, and Erik steps into the dimly lit hallway. The brass and nickel of the door fittings click and engage. He feels it as if he's much further away than he is. He's standing nude in the hotel hallway, and when he tries to unlock his door again, he can't. He walks down the hall.He puts his hand on the doorknob and turns it. It's been a long time since he's done that, unless he needed to fool a human witness to conceal himself in his hunt."Hello, Erik," Charles smiles. "There you are, darling. Come in."He stands a moment longer, and Charles watches him, eyes preying on him. Erik's conscious now of the picture he makes, standing here naked, hand on the door, the potential of his pose. The pose Charles is making him strike. Charles brings his fingers to his temple in acknowledgement, tossing off a little gesture like a mocking salute. He sits against the headboard, wearing pajamas as well. As soon as Erik enters the room and shuts the door behind him, Charles begins to undress, without hurry; without lingering over it, either.Erik stares... Charles doesn't have to make him do that. He's never seen Charles this way before, the flex of muscle animating his pale freckled shoulders, the strength of his arms and chest. He slides off his pajama pants and casts them aside. His thighs are round with muscle, his cock hard and red, the foreskin tight, sliding back from the head.He can't help thinking that if Charles had taken off his clothes before he propositioned Erik all those weeks ago, Erik would've been more likely to say yes."Too late for that now," Charles says, and his polite accent clashes with the tone, his voice a low rolling threat. Erik only has enough time to register that, to try to tense and find even that is beyond his control-- only a moment, and he's folding to his hands and knees.He can't stop himself, can't even tense against this violation, but he can think. Charles taught him how to reach out with his mind, in case of an emergency, he said. Erik puts as much into it as he can, tries to blast Charles with his betrayal, his rage and panic. «You can't do this. You can't do this, you can't want this.»«I told you that I wanted you. 'Not now.' 'It might never happen.'» An echo of Erik's own voice. «You knew I wouldn't accept that. You wanted me to claim you. And now I am.»«No, I don't want this,» Erik thinks, but his mouth opens without him, his lips shape, "Yes. Please, I want this. Thank you, Charles.""You're very welcome, Erik," Charles says. His voice is deep and sweet, and he pats the bed next to him with an easy smile.Erik begins to crawl across the room. He's faced fear often enough in his life, he knows adrenaline is to blame for his racing pulse and hardening cock. This isn't him, he doesn't want this. He's felt desire for Charles, but he doesn't want it to be like this.From moment to moment, Erik's certain he can stop himself, break Charles's hold on him. He can feel the cage of Charles's power around him, he can feel himself taxing Charles's ability to control him.He reaches the bed and clambers onto the mattress next to Charles. He lays himself out like a gift, his hands loose and open, palms up, and Charles rests a hand on 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Rape Fantasy
Rape
Mind Control
Mind Games
Telepathy
Metal kink
Forced Exhibitionism
Forced Orgasm
Dirty Talk
Humiliation
Verbal Humiliation
Shame

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

