Work Text:










Four, and his circuit board has all the grooves of a seashell on a beach of glass, sharp edges and the tips of his teeth as he grins up at his parents, hangs from the chandelier, kicks his older cousin in the shin, plots fiendishly after Obie's watch. Four years old, and everyone knows Tony Stark, Howard's boy, Maria's pride, a hurricane on two legs who decomposes steaks in his bedroom and collects the flies in a killing jar. One two three four. He counts them on the tip of his finger, whispering that word they always seem to say around him — prodigy, which he hates because when he's four he hates the sound of every word that ends in 'y'. He likes 'r' the best, like tiger and survivor and molecular. When he is four years old, he reworks the stove and nearly starts a fire, except a man in blue, red, and white scoops him up and sets him aside.
 
 
"There is no way," Tony says angrily. "There is absolutely no way — none at all — that Steve would ever agree to time travel."
"I disagree," Bruce says. His voice is calm and impassive, and Tony wants to dismantle every piece of equipment in his laboratory, because maybe then he'll finally see him sweat. "Steve knew from the very beginning that there were unknown variables in the experiment. Fourth dimension research is tricky, to say the least. There are multiple ways it can go wrong. He agreed to the risks. It's informed consent inasmuch as anyone can be informed."
"Because he's stupid!" Tony says. "Because he's stupid and patriotic, and if you throw around words like 'for the benefit of your country', he'll do anything! Up to and including getting stuck in a goddamn time loop!"
"Don't overreact," Bruce says.
"Overreact?" Tony's vowels could cut granite. Then he takes a breath. Inhales. Lets it out. "I'm not overreacting," he says. "I'm cool. I'm calm. I could go and host the Oscars right this very moment. But you—" He swings a finger at Bruce and doesn't care even if he Hulks out at the threat. Tony can deal with that when it happens. Tony can deal with all sorts of weird and unexpected situations that come up as being a part of the Avengers. "Get him back," is what he says, and Bruce nods.
"It would be easier," he says, "if we send someone into the time loop to go after him. I'll conduct the search from present day, but it would go faster if we searched from both inside and outside."
"Fuck," Tony says, because that's just the way it goes, doesn't it? Hey, you're Tony Stark, you're born, you nearly die, and now how about wandering through unstable space-time configurations in search of your hopelessly lost best friend? "Fine," he says. "Whatever it takes. And as long as the radiation won't make me grow ten legs from the side of my head."
"I've only ever seen five, max," Bruce replies, and Tony laughs until it turns into a wheeze.
 
 

Seven, and he's knocking the juice over the dinner table, asking why they don't give him wine. All the grownups drink wine, and he doesn't understand why he has to sit here sipping grape juice instead when he can dismantle a computer into its components and how many of them can claim that? His father, that's right, and maybe Obie, but it's not a large number. Seven isn't a large number either, according to everybody around him, but seven's the lucky number, the holy number. Everyone knows Tony Stark, a miracle on two scrawny legs, reaching up for his father's sleeve, demanding his attention until Howard makes a noise, and they see the man appear at the window: the blond man with the shield.
 
 
"You don't ever tell me anything about you," Steve had said the day before Bruce's experiments.
Tony had peered at him above the angles of his Tom Ford sunglasses. "Well, what do you want to know, buddy? My shoe size? The number of awards I've won? How many cars I have? I'm an open book, public property. I'll do anything, I'll tell you anything."
"Nothing that matters," Steve said.
"Cars matter," Tony said. "They go fast, attract women, and they have leather seats. That's the very definition of crucial and important right there." He grinned, but Steve was looking at him with his brows furrowed into a dip of a V, looking at Tony like Tony was a math problem they'd thrown at him and Steve wasn't quite sure where to put his Ys and Xs. Tony bet no one ever called Steve a prodigy, and that made him inexplicably sad, because Steve was a wonder. Steve was a supernova in a landscape of darkness, and sometimes Tony wanted him so much it was a fork to his ribs.
"You never talk about what you used to do. Before we met," Steve said.
"What, make weapons?" Tony said mercilessly. "It's all over the internet. I know you've learned how to google, Cap."
"Yeah, but that's like hearing it over the radio," Steve said. "I used to hear things all the time over the radio, during the war. About victories we won, about how America was going to beat the war by Christmas. Didn't mean it was true." He looked at Tony plaintively, honest curiosity writt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

