Work Text:
Thor awoke to the sound of the healing stone on his chest cracking in two. He opened his eyes and sat up slowly. The healing stone crumbled into dust and trickled down towards his lap, something which he'd never seen happened before. He noticed the healer standing in attendance. "Were my injuries so grave?" Thor asked him.The healer nodded once. His eyes were sunken with fatigue, though new life seemed to brighten them at seeing Thor awaken. "You nearly died, my prince."Thor flexed his fingers, noting the pinkish new skin covering flesh which he last remembered had been reduced to molten stumps - the worse battle damage he had ever received. "And the Jotun?""Captured in chains. Are you still going to go through with it?"Thor didn't answer, so intent was he to dress and go to find his prize. ****His men lead him to a tent on the edge of the camp. Inside lay the young Prince Loki, hands and feet manacled to iron posts that had been driven deep into the stone upon which they camped. Loki turned his head to look as they entered. His eyes widened to see Thor alive and whole again. Spread out upon his own cloak of fur, Loki was completely uncovered but for his loincloth.  Seeing the blue expanse of skin and the whorls of his kin etched upon it, Thor felt the same hot, unbidden rush of desire he'd felt when they'd first met at King Laufey's court. The red welts around his ankles and wrists where the manacles had chafed him troubled Thor, but he supposed it couldn't be helped. Loki himself had done much worse in return. "The metal binds his power, my prince. We were able to keep him captive while you healed.""Has anyone else taken him?" "No, my prince. He is your conquest. No one else dared touch him, comely though he is for a Jotun." "Good." Thor began to untie his heavy cloak. "It will be done now. See that I'm not disturbed."His men withdrew from the tent. They would be waiting outside to hear what sounds the Jotun made while Thor took him. It was a rite of manhood to couple with a being of one of the other races, but nobody in two generations had managed to fell a Frost Giant in this way. Jotuns were fierce and could not be tamed with gifts or gold. According the ways of their own people, they must be taken by force or not at all. And even the smallest Jotun fought with deadly force, as Loki had demonstrated well.Thor retrieved the slick salve used for the purpose of rutting. Undressing quickly, he kneeled in front of Loki's legs and spread it over his manhood.  "You're not going to kill me?" Asked Loki.Thor's face was warm, and he found himself dangerously close to blushing. "No. I'm going to mount you." With his cock jutting out eagerly, he thought his intent fairly obvious. "After it's done, you are free to go.""Oh," replied the Jotun prince, looking neither to Thor's face nor to his manhood. Thor knew Loki was stunted - small for his kind - but he now wondered how young the prince was as well. "Have you been taken this way before?" Thor asked.Loki nodded. "The son of a visiting chieftain. We fought. He won and held me down. But he was too big to go inside me, so he took his pleasure between my thighs and spilled on the snow.""Ah. Then at least you know a little of how such things are.""Yes. Though none have tried since. They know I'm not big enough." Loki finally brought his eyes down to Thor's cock. "You might be able to manage it. You're much smaller than he was."The prince's mocking words belied the fear that was beginning to show. Thor had admired him for his sharp tongue always. He knew he would enjoy this, and he would try to make it as painless as possible for the young Jotun."I imagine it will feel big enough once it's inside of you," Thor couldn't help but tease.He lay his hand on Loki's ankle and slowly began to trace the lines on his skin with his fingers, following them up his leg until he reached the supple skin of his inner thighs. There, he hesitated only a moment before drawing away the young prince's loincloth to reveal what lay hidden underneath. Loki was half-hard from his touch, a sight which pleased Thor. He followed the lines on his skin to the base of his sac, where one went down to his puckered entrance and another went up to the very tip of Loki's member, as Thor found when he followed it with his finger. Thor took a few long moments to explore the young prince's most private area, palming his sac and stroking the dark blue flesh of his cock until it was fully hard. "Did the chieftain's son touch you here?" Thor asked as he continued to stroke, watching the head slowly emerge from its sheath. Loki nodded. "It is customary," he replied, a little breathlessly. This pleased Thor as well - to know that he was within the bounds of Jotun tradition. If this was both a custom of his people and a custom of Loki's race then it couldn't be wrong. He had done as he was required - they had fought, he had won and  survived... now he would claim what was his by right. A drop of seed form
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Jotunn!Loki
Community: norsekink

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

