Work Text:
Bucky let out a heavy sigh as he forced his legs to make the trek up the flight of stairs to the apartment he shared with Steve. Some days were harder than others it seemed especially when the other alphas felt like teasing him all day for being a young bachelor living with some sickly unbonded omega; but those guys knew nothing about Steve and sometimes Bucky just wanted to retaliate against their quips but he didn’t want to cause any unnecessary trouble. Especially in times like these when work was scarce for anybody and as much as Steve didn’t want to admit it, they needed all the money they could get just to pay all the medical bills the small omega managed to accumulate.It was tough coming home late almost every day but it was worth it to Bucky to see Steve as healthy as he can be because of his efforts. They kept their relationship quiet for the most part, because society expected a strong alpha like Bucky to find a suitable mate that was strong and healthy as well; not a small sickly thing like Steve was, but Bucky didn’t care. Steve was stronger in so many ways that everyone else wasn’t but Steve knew trying to make people understand just wasn’t going to work, so they kept their love to themselves. What did anyone else need to know anyway, it wasn’t their relationship, as long as they stayed out of trouble they could live happily together just fine.Bucky was so ready to collapse right into bed as soon as he made it through the door, snuggle up against the small body of his mate and sleep; but even before he could get the key in the lock he could smell it. Now alphas had an excellent sense of smell –they had to, to be able to smell other alphas around or to search for potential mates –but Bucky always seemed to have a far more sensitive nose, and he could smell the sickly sweet scent right through the door, the scent of heat.
Steve was in heat. 
Already he could feel is breath pick up just a little bit faster, his blood pumping a little harder; just that faint smell was already affecting him. But he wasn’t going to barge right in there and claim Steve, no, he was a good alpha and he wanted to make this one last. Steve had such few heats, his body not able to handle a normal omegas heat cycle, but when they hit they hit hard. And Bucky loved it. More importantly he loved Steve and he wanted to make this good for him.Slowly he crept inside their shared apartment, the smell even stronger as he ventured further; his prick was already starting to harden. He was still fairly dirty from work but he knew how much Steve loved his rugged alpha scent after a hard day so he forewent a shower to clean up, only stopping to wash his hands at least before making his way into the bedroom.With the faint moonlight coming in from the broken holes in the blinds, Bucky could make out the writhing lump on their small bed. God his scent was intoxicating and Bucky couldn’t help but let out a groan as he got closer. Of course as soon as he had made it into the bedroom, Steve knew he was there. His heightened senses during heat had easily picked up that there was an alpha nearby. His small body turned on the bed towards him and he whined long and low, “Bucky.”“Shh, I’m here, Stevie.” Bucky hushed, leaning over the bed and swiping the blondes bangs off his sweaty forehead.“Buckyyy, please…”“I know, I know. I’m gonna make you feel so good, baby, I promise.“Bucky quickly stripped his shirt off but kept his pants on, only unbuttoning them to relieve some of the pressure from his aching cock. Steve had sat up, trying to get closer to him but Bucky gently pushed him back down; growling lightly to emphasize his dominance in the situation right now. Normally when they had sex Bucky let Steve control their pace, let him be dominant for once even though it was completely unethical; Steve was a fighter and he stood up for himself and for others, so unlike what was expected of omegas but that’s what Bucky liked about him. But when it came to heats, Bucky called the shots, with the added pheromones filling the air his alpha instincts took over and he needed that control; to present his dominance over his omega.Steve whined again, softer this time and squirmed over the sheets. His hands reached between his legs but Bucky wasn’t having that, he quickly grabbed Steve’s hands and shoved them back against the bed. “Not yet, Stevie, only when I say you can.”Steve groaned again, clearly frustrated at not getting his relief as soon as he thought but he slumped back with a huff knowing he’d only get his way if he listened. He was desperately hard and slick poured out of his hole with each wave of heat that rippled down his spine. He had been like this for a few hours now and his alpha wasn’t making it any easier teasing him like this.Bucky let go of his wrists when he was sure the omega would listen to him and slowly shifted onto his knees on the bed, lifting the thin sheet away and settling in between Steve’s thighs. No matter how many t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Whiny Steve
Bucky likes to tease

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

