Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There are times when having a hammer-wielding Norse god on your side is not necessarily an advantage, such as when fighting in the tight confines of an AIM underground base.	Tony winced as the clang of metal against stone echoed loudly down the dark, concrete tunnel. The reverberations shook the ground beneath his feet and caused cracks to appear across the ceiling.	“Readings indicate the structural integrity of the base has been reduced to 79 percent,” said Jarvis' voice in his ear. 	“You want to tone it down a bit, Hammer Time,” Tony called out.	Thor glanced back, a wide grin on his face, hammer spinning in his hand.  “Would you rather I let the soldiers get away?”  He let the hammer go and it shot down the tunnel knocking down half a dozen of AIM's soldiers-for-hire on its way.	Letting the soldiers get away was the last thing Tony wanted. He'd been pissed as hell to learn that AIM hadn't burnt to ash with Aldrich Killian. After much digging, he'd found numerous factions and installations across the globe including this one in Peru. Now, it seemed they were plotting something big, and Tony had no intention of leaving until he found what the hell that was.	Another wave of soldiers came at them firing laser rifles. Tony did his best to avoid the blasts. So far their weapons didn't seem to do much more than singe the paint off his armour and cause minor electrical surges but he didn't want to take the chance of them hitting something vital. Grabbing the end of one of the rifles, he slammed its owner against the wall, and then swung the rifle around to knock over two of his pals. They seemed capable of taking quite a pounding and he made a mental note to check out their body armour if he got the chance.	Thunder sounded as Thor pounded his hammer against the floor knocking over more of the soldiers as he caused the tunnel to shake once more.	“Structural integrity at 72 percent,” Jarvis informed him.	Tony, who'd only escaped being knocked over too thanks to a quick fire of his repulsors, winced a second time and wondered why he'd let himself be teamed with the Asgardian. It had been Steve's idea of course. Tony and Thor were supposed to be the distraction, making as much noise and fuss as they could while Widow, Hawkeye, and the Captain snuck in the back way and did the real work ie. downloaded all of AIM's files before they had a chance to delete them. 	Bruce had been left to wait in the Quinjet as they'd thought the Hulk's method of fighting wouldn't be quite so conducive in this sort of environment. Truthfully though, Thor wasn't much better.	“Could you at least stick to hitting the people and not the building?” Tony said with exasperation. “I really don't feel like becoming an iron pancake.”	“Of course, if that would make you more comfortable,” Thor replied amicably, stowing his hammer for a moment and instead using his elbow to knock a nearby guard unconscious. “Perhaps if I had a bit more help...”	“Are you suggesting I'm not pulling my weight?” Tony said in astonishment. He dodged a laser blast and fired a repulsor back down the tunnel where several more guards were trying to sneak up on them. 	Thor shrugged but said nothing, the grin still wide on his face.	Tony scowled beneath his helmet. “Fine. I'll give you a little help, you giant puffed up Fabio wannabe,” he grumbled.	Firing up the repulsors in his boots, he flew down the tunnel taking out everyone and everything in his way. The tunnel ended in a set of metal doors which he plowed right through entering a large room where several more guards were gathered, their rifles already aimed in his direction.	“Sorry to keep you waiting,” he declared as he made his customary three point landing in the middle of the room, “but there was this pretentious Norse god in my way.”	Palms out, arms outstretched, he spun around firing his repulsors in a circle clearing the room in a matter of seconds. The bodies made dull thuds as they hit the floor. Straightening up, he brushed some imaginary dust off his hands.	“Not carrying my weight, my ass,” he said.	“Not bad,” Thor said as he caught up.	Tony flipped open the mask of his helmet and glared at him. “Not bad? Seriously? What do you...”	“Forgive me, Anthony,” Thor interrupted though it was clear he hadn't actually been listening. His gaze was intent on their surroundings. “But something about this seems amiss.”	Stowing his annoyance, Tony looked around. He'd only glanced at it before not really taking it in, but now that he did he realized he was in some sort of workshop, a bit like one of his, except his were more advanced and a lot cooler. There were several workbenches with tools, various bits of machinery, a large computer monitor connected to numerous servers, and a second set of doors presumably leading further into the base. A fairly typical mechanical laboratory. It took a couple seconds for Tony to realize what Thor was talking about. The workshop itself wasn't wrong. It's exactly t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
BAMF JARVIS
Protective Jarvis
Action
Humor
Angst
Team as Family
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Feels
Hurt Tony
5+1 Things

fandom: 
None
