Chapter 1: Right next to me, a long way from home
    




Chapter Text

When New York was nearly decimated, MJ was curled up against her Nana’s side in the laundry room of her apartment building. There were a quite a few other residents huddled in the room with them, but MJ doesn't really remember their faces. Her mom was somewhere across town at work, probably already swamped as a result of what was going on. Her mom was probably putting a brave face on for patients – terrified to her core but helping, always helping. 
 

All she remembers is the sound of the news playing on someone’s phone. All she remembers is watching Iron Man fly up into the nothingness that had opened in the sky, and for the first-time fearing space rather than revering it. The stars had always intrigued her, bright and beautiful, but nothing in that hole had looked enticing. Space had been endless opportunities and new adventures, but even back then, when she didn’t fully understand what was going on, as the cameras tracked Iron Man’s progression up and up and up into the darkness, she was met with the realisation that space was just endless – a dark nothingness. 
 

She remembers feeling confused at how someone who was meant to be a hero, who was meant to be brave and unstoppable, had everyone in the laundry room holding their breath. She remembers learning that day that, sometimes, the heroes might lose. 
 

MJ remembers crying. “I want mommy.” She had mumbled, feeling so much younger than she was in that moment because she was scared, so scared that maybe these aliens wouldn’t have stopped at superheroes and would have started on the everyday ones. 
 

She remembers how her Nana’s arms had tightened around her, fingers digging in as she clutched her. Any other time and MJ might have wiggled herself free, complaining about the attention and the closeness, but this time, she had leant into it, letting her tears be muffled by her Nana’s side. The older woman’s lips pressed to the top of her head; eyes still locked on the device that was showing it all. “Maybe your Momma was right.” She had murmured into her hair. At the time, MJ hadn’t understood. Thanks to her mom’s rota, MJ spent a lot of time with her grandparents, she loved them dearly, just as they loved her and her mom. However, that didn’t stop tensions rising whenever the missing figure in Michelle’s life was sat just on the periphery. Her mom and Nana had very different opinions on the role MJ’s father should play in her life. When MJ looks back, this is the first time she recalls her grandmother ever understanding her mom’s decision to keep them apart. 
 

Their fights stopped for a while after this day.  They started again a few years later, but by then the sides had changed. 
 

When New York was nearly decimated and Iron Man fell from the sky, MJ remembers how scared she was for him; for the city; for her family; for the world, because at eleven years old that was her world. She remembers the excitement and relief that wrapped itself around that crowded laundry room when the news announced it was over, and how everyone, even Mr. Bronski from 209, who vehemently hated Tony Stark, had cried out when it was announced he was alive. She remembers climbing into bed with her mom, for the first time in years, having finally made it home after only having a single call to inform them that she was alive and well but would be staying late at the hospital to help. She remembers the relief and desperation to cling on to the fact that her family was alive and okay. 
 


When Iron Man announces he has ‘retired’ from Active Duty and decides to simply be Tony Stark going forward, MJ is working on her Spanish homework. The news is playing in the background, and her mom is unusually transfixed on it. 
 

Her mom was relatively tight-lipped when it came to her opinions on Tony Stark. However, Michelle gathered enough from her expressions and from conversations heard through closed doors. She’ll come to understand later that it was because her mom didn’t want to taint any opinions MJ might have formed on her own. That conversation would come years later down the line when everything was less confusing. At the time, MJ knew enough though, and what she knew didn’t warrant the level of attention her mother was giving the TV screen while the announcement was made. 
 

“Yeah, yeah.” Her mother had muttered into her coffee mug. It was the same way MJ huffed when Flash made his promises to stop picking on Peter Parker. It was disbelief from knowing and pre-anticipated disappointment, it caused Michelle to look up from her homework and frown. “We’ll see how long that lasts.” 
 

And to MJ’s surprise, they do. 
 

Anytime the Avengers make the news, anytime trouble rears its head that might catch Iron Man’s attention, her mom is stood watching the TV or curled up on the couch, replaying clips to try and spot a Tin Can. She watches more of his interviews, checking in on him regularly. 
 

It is during
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
pre Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
flash thompson is a good bro
Complicated family feelings
complicated family
Finding Family
Learning to be a parent
Canon nudged very left
IronDad but make it MJ
MCU? No I think you mean MJCU
Growing up is hard but you try
Getting to know your superhero father is even harder
Michelle Jones: Homecoming
IDENTITY SHENANIGANS
Michelle Jones is Tony Stark's Biological Child

fandom: 
Michelle Jones & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
pre Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

