Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Fire lit the cavern with a sphere of blue-violet, weaving patterns in the air with each lick of heat. It drew runes with smoke as it dissipated up through the small cracks in stone that substituted for windows The sphere hovered just a few feet off the floor, a whole wingspan wide, metal shimmering white-hot in its center. The fire was the only real light visible in the cavern, everything else having dimmed. Prince Anthony of Aži-Táriyat paced just beyond its edge, pushing here, pulling there, palms manipulating the ball as if it were clay. The three false claws on his left hand carved out runes on the surface. They sparked and filled in with silver before being absorbed into the ball. For this, he'd stripped down to a loose set of pants and nothing else. Scorch marks had already ruined them, searing holes in the linen whenever he brushed too close to the fire. On his bare chest, the symbol of the royal line glowed blue, a flared set of dragon wings centered over the circle of the sun. "Come on, come on," he hissed in Ažiliasán as a bulge appeared in the sphere, requiring smoothing over. Power fluttered like a caged bird, not happy with being kept under so much pressure. "Just a little longer, almost there..."The sphere gave a heave and then finally compressed, squeezing tight into a ball half the size. With a whoop, Tony set it to spin, pushing his hands across the bottom to mold it into a funnel. Its metal heart pulsed, glimmering like captured sunlight between the occasional burst of flames and finally flowing like liquid. When the funnel came to a point, it squeezed down, pouring into a mold, magic crackling over the surface of the already cooling metal. He kept the pressure up until the last drop had fallen, then dismissed the flame with a barked command. It released like a puff of dandelion flowers on the breeze. Shadow took over the workshop, leaving only the faintly glowing mold. Tony blinked and squinted, rubbing his eyes irritably until they started to accommodate the darkness. He used the runes that layered the floor as a test, staring at them until they started to come into focus properly, and then tilting his head back to stare at the high, natural rock of the ceiling, then around him. Tables and other projects that had been bundled up and pushed out of the way slowly came into focus as his eyes adjusted. Proper night vision was beyond him, but he refused to bumble around in the dark. When he could see again, Tony knelt down and ran a clawed finger through the molten metal, watching the way the silver parted in its wake. Heat that would have destroyed another man's hand was only a faint tickle on his skin. It would be the start of a dragon breastplate, when he was done, strong enough to catch the weight of a boulder but light enough to fly in. It was his third attempt at making the alloy, and he was almost sure he had it this time. Assuming the alloy worked out, it would be a welcome home gift. If Rhodey wore a breastplate to fight, and it worked, even Howard would be hard-pressed to refuse to let Tony make more. Other dragons might even be willing to try them. A small victory, but Tony had learned to claw them out where he could. It was better than making jewelry and toys to pass the time while others were off fighting the real battles. Anything would be better than sitting around to see who came back and who didn't.Waiting was the worst of everything Tony had put up with in his twenty five years. He hated it more than the pitying glances from the castle staff, more than the long silences from his mother or the gloating ones from his cousin. He'd never been allowed to go to the war-front, didn't have the right temper to be a healing mage and was too vulnerable without being able to change into a proper dragon form. There was something dirty about sitting around being useless while his friends were on wing.As the mold cooled, the giant set of doors on the east wall nudged open with a groan of tired metal. Cold air rushed in as a copper dragon poked her head in. "Your highness?""Right here, Pepper."Scales scratched against stone as Pepper let herself in, slithering up the wall of the cliff that was directly beyond his workshop. She settled around one of the tables that hadn't been moved entirely against the wall, her great head nearly as big as it was. "Will that be for your armor?" The question was a whisper, but spoken using a voice made for roaring. "It looks... big.""It's a gift for someone," Tony smiled and pulled his fingers out, flicking them to be rid of the metal. Some still gleamed under his fingernails, but when he rubbed them against his leather breeches they left a scorch mark without coming loose. "Is something happening? You know I don't like being disturbed."Green eyes blinked at him, glowing like jade. Pepper's inner lids slid down in worry. "Your mother asked me to get you," she finally said, tucking her chin so she didn't have to look at him. Fine sc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Dragons
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Politics

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

