Chapter 1: W.E.B. Of Spider-Man
    




Chapter Text
We open with the whole screen flickering with static a little before a clear picture comes on and shows us Peter's face. We also zoom out to reveal that he's wearing his Spider-Man suit (which has been redesigned to look like his suit in the game, Marvel's Avengers) and he finally cut his hair into a more traditional Peter Parker haircut as seen in Nick Spencer's Spider-Man comics.Peter: Wow. Hard to believe this camera still works. Okay, might as well do this. *ahem* Hello, people of the world and my friends, this is Peter Parker. As you can tell, I am Your Friendly Neighbourhood Spider-Man. If you're seeing this message then that means the plan to save us all worked and I... did not make it. Hehehe. I'm probably getting ahead of myself as I normally tend to do. You're probably wondering how'd it come to this. Short answer, it's a long story involving Multiverse Theory and I screwed up big time. The long answer, though, is something you may need to sit down for as it's really long. Like, longer than The Big Wall Of China. *sigh* Sorry. Let's start this at the very beginning. I think it all began seventeen days ago...
 SEVENTEEN DAYS AGO... 

 FOUR MONTHS AFTER THE EVENTS OF RETURN TO EARTH-17628 AND TWO MONTHS AFTER MARVEL 17628: CATACLYSM
We cut to a robbery in progress by Black Cat blasting out of a bank and leaping away as the police chase after her, unaware that a couple of Spider-Bots (now based on their appearance in The Superior Spider-Man comics as well as Marvel's Spider-Man) are watching the crime play out. In a control room, Grady types away as the feed comes up on a monitor.Grady: Guys, there's a disturbance in The Financial District. Guess who decided to finally rear her feline face again.???: Understood, Grady. Miles and I are on it. Just don't lose sight of her.Grady: Not a problem with our new Spider-Bots.Across the city, we see two shadowy figures leap/swing towards their destination in a hurry. One they leap over a building, we get the reveal that it's Spider-Man and Segunda Arana (Peter, in his Maximum Venom suit, and Miles). They notice Felicia leaping across a bus before firing a grappling hook towards a nearby rooftop.Peter: Black Cat? Haven't seen her in over a year.Miles: Maybe she's doing this to get our attention.Peter: Careful. She's one tough cat to beat in a straight up fight.Miles: If you say so.They web zip closer and make their presence known to the burglar.Peter: Black Cat, it's been far too long. Have you finished coughing up fur balls?Black Cat: Spiders, you still know how to make a girl feel welcome but I've got no time for this. My life's on the line.She leaps into an alleyway but Miles tackles her into the ground. She kicks him high into the air that he bashes into Peter and they both crash beside a dumpster. Felicia blows a kiss before leaping and then crawling up a wall.Peter: She never could do that before.Miles: What, beat us? Because I'm pretty sure she just did.Peter: No, do whatever a cat can.Miles: What do you reckon?Peter: Swing and talk.Miles: Right.They swing after Felicia.Peter: My guess is she got an upgrade of the genetic kind because she never could do that before. It might be possible she got some can of feline upgrade.Miles: Gwen's Uncle?Peter: Possibly. He's been in hiding since we beat Dark Goblin. Let's stay on her and find out.They continue their pursuit as we cut to Harry ending a board meeting. Donald Menkin approaches Harry.Menkin: Mr Osborn?Harry: Something up, Donald?Menkin: Yes, I was hoping the two of us could speak in private.Harry: Then please, fire away. What's on your mind?Menkin: I just wanted to discuss this private venture your funding without The Board's approval. There's no record of it in our database or anything.Harry: It's a secret joint venture with Stark Industries. All will be revealed in due time, Donald. Trust me on this.Menkin: I would if you would trust me, Harry. Your father and I got along well on nearly every new project.Harry: I'm not my father.Menkin: I know but you must be willing to work with us than against us. This would make us lose confidence in your leadership.Harry: I am working with you just in my own way.Menkin: And what about your vigilante activities with Spider-Man? That led to groups like The Goblin Nation to rise and try to conquer the city.Harry: We stopped The Goblin Nation-.Menkins: Thanks to Otto Octavius' sacrifice. You need to understand the bigger picture here, Harry. Imagine if something like this happens again and it's Oscorp the media and Jameson guns for.Harry: If I go too and it happens again because of our company, far, Don, I'll gladly hand over my resignation.Menkin: Resignation? Isn't that a bit much?Harry: The Board always had a better understanding of Oscorp than I ever hoped to have. Better to let someone else run it just as good as my father. Someone like you.Menkin: ... I would do my best to be as good as The Osborns, if that happ
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Anya Sofia Corazon/Miles Morales
Anya Sofia Corazon & Miles Morales & Harry Osborn & Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Post-Canon
Multiverse

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Anya Sofia Corazon/Miles Morales
Anya Sofia Corazon & Miles Morales & Harry Osborn & Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy

